Introduction


Title: A Bear in Sheep's Clothing | Book #1

Copyright by: LigiaNunes

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/151122942-a-bear-in-sheep%27s-clothing-book-1

Synopsis: Villains are meant to stay away from Heroes, no matter how powerful--or hot--they are. But when a famous hero becomes a criminal and sparks start flying, can a villain resist? Supervillain Léon Dickens aka Reality Warp, loves the perks of working under a world-dominant megacorp that buys-slash-steals lifeforce. TV appearances, evil schemes, explosions, latte machines--he has everything a villain could dream of. For him and all the other employees at Invidia Corp, being selfish is great. Things start to change when internationally famous (and hot) superhero, Grizzly Bear, invades their secret HQ and--wait for it--asks for a job! Léon will have to discover the secrets behind Grizzly Bear's intentions, his decision to become a criminal, and the dark past they seem to share. But as villain and hero collide and their chemistry grows stronger, one member of the team will show their true colors. Now, threading a dangerous path that leads to the truth behind the Heroic League, its Heroes, and their corrupt and violent leader, The Mayor, Léon will have to rethink his selfishness, steel his bleeding heart, and decide if a villain could really trust-or even love-a hero. After all, Léon knows what a blade in the back feels like... and how menacing a Bear in sheep's clothing can be.





A Bear in Sheep's Clothing | Book #1


Introduction

Chapters Prologue: get your hands off

one: hold on, I gotta go

two: little does she know

three: Invidia Corp (Part I)

four: Invidia Corp (Part II)

five: A Good boy

six: Villain Trivia

seven: Mayor Brash

eight: I'll talk

nine: Marks on your skin

ten: waking up

eleven: A heist proposal

twelve: Hold it tight

thirteen: Run, my children

fourteen: Alors on Danse

fifteen: The real Sapphire

sixteen: The Vault, the memories - Pt I

seventeen: The vault, the memories - Pt II

eighteen: A little less conversation

nineteen: smells like cat food

twenty: don't fast forward a kiss

twenty-one: The shadow trace

twenty-two: Tied up and knocked out

twenty-three: Léon in chains (Part I)

twenty-four: Léon in chains (Part II)

twenty-five: Fuck the plan.

twenty-six: Entering Silverin Heights

twenty-seven: (hopefully) Surviving (Part I)

twenty-eight: (hopefully) Surviving (Part II)

twenty-nine: a machine

thirty: Silvia (Part I)

thirty-one: Silvia (Part II)

thirty-two: Anhangá

thirty-three: the Planeswalker

thirty-four: an alleyway

thirty-five: commitments

thirty-six: a guest

thirty-seven: Ida's Second dream

thirty-eight: exposed

thirty-nine: give it to that traitor

forty: like a river (Part I)

forty-one: like a river (Part II)

forty-two: mind. heart. mouth.

forty-three: entertain me

forty-four: Daddy's little plan

forty-five: months in slumber (Part I)

forty-six: dry months in slumber (Part II)

forty-seven: unbearable truth

forty-eight: finally, Satina

forty-nine: the dirge (Part I)

fifty: dirge (Part II)

fifty-one: a warehouse

fifty-two: Get your hands off of my woman (Part II)

fifty-three: roaring waves

fifty-four: child of woe (Part I)

fifty-five: child of woe (Part II)

fifty-six: three seconds

fifty-seven: a forest, a king

fifty-eight: like lovers do

Cute Avatars +The next book + Thank you

♥ Happy Valentine's day ♥ (comic strip)

Special issue of "Heroines & Heros" #97

-- NEW Art Giveaway (2021 - closed) --

Author Notes (important, please read)





Prologue: get your hands off




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. — November 20th, 2047 —

— November 20th, 2047 November 20th, 2047 — Sometimes Léon thought he deserved a slap in the face.

He knew there was a way out; he felt it. His hands were tied behind his back, his ankles bound with such force he couldn't feel his feet anymore, and the gag in his mouth was already a foul-tasting, wool-made extension of his tongue. To top things off, he was hung upside down. Had been... for quite some time.

felt But Léon Dickens, aka 'Reality Warp,' had been in worse situations. He had lived through a bomb explosion, four sinking ships, at least two barbarian invasions, and more bank robberies than he could count. The money he raked in, plus what he stole from those dirty-rich New-Continentians, was all there, invested in his state of the art graphene-nanofiber uniform.

'Reality Warp,' So, yeah—he should have known how to escape from a few ropes.

Still, one thing distracted him from his plans of freedom. His damned cell phone. Léon's face burned, and the throbbing knot above his privates tightened with every passing moment, pulsating as his muscles tensed.

Still, The man in front of Léon frowned. He sat on a plasmetallic chair, balancing on its two back legs and holding a plastipaper box of sashimi in one hand and a comic book in the other.

"Won't you answer your phone?" he asked. His voice, powerful and clear, echoed inside the empty warehouse. From a distance came the horn of a cargo ship; closer, two cats fought for a slice of raw synthetic fish. "Ah. Right . Hands tied and all that."

Right Léon glared at him. Cotton Candy, one of the strongest heroes in the Heroic League, was never one to blindly follow orders—or so Léon thought at the time—so it was a mystery why he was there, keeping an eye on him instead of being beside The Mayor.

Shit. What would Satina and the others do without him? Would they launch the mission anyway?

His thoughts were washed away again as his ringtone restarted. With it, the hum and the vibrations were back... fucking vibrations!

fucking vibrations! Goosebumps spread over his arms, and for the tenth time, he tried to free his hands, pulling and pushing. It was useless. He didn't have the strength nor, maybe, the will to do it.

will Well, in a pocketless uniform, where exactly should a supervillain keep their phone?

Yeah.

"I don't understand why someone would wear trousers as tight as yours," Cotton Candy said.

Léon glowered at his captor. Cotton was caressing his fluffy pink hair with the back of his hand. Against his black skin, the white-and-pink uniform seemed even more vibrant. He fished a slice of salmon from the plastipaper box, using equally pink chopsticks.

"I'd hate to hurt your feelings, but... I mean, it's not only awkward , considering you hardly have anything to show ." He aimed his cutlery at Léon's behind. "But it must also be terribly uncomfortable for you. To have everything , you know... packed like that." He sighed and shrugged, slurping a bit of soda from his pink plastipaper cup.

awkward show everything

"Mmmtghfoomfh," Léon said.

"Well, it doesn't change the fact that things can't be unseen , Warp. But you're a villain after all, right? That's what villains do, I suppose. Traumatize people. And let me tell you, you're doing a wonderful job." He dropped his comic book on his lap and threw a pointed look at Léon. "Trauma is real ."

unseen wonderful real Léon rolled his eyes. "Mmontmmhtisop!"

"Of course, Warp. Tell you what, let me explain to you our twelve-step de-villainization program—"

An explosion broke his phrase in half and did the same with the wall on the opposite side of the room. Smoke and debris spilled inside as tongues of fire licked nearby columns. The sound of steps over loose rubble reached his ears as a group approached.

Cotton Candy furrowed his brow, readying his Cotton Cannon. "What the f—"

A roar echoed inside the warehouse. Eyes wide, Cotton staggered as a massive shadow clipped the light that pierced through the smoke. "Santa Madrecita," he whispered.

"Well, look who we meet again," a woman said, walking through the dense smoke. As she stepped out of it, Bureau Assassin unrolled her two whips and cracked them on the floor. Her high-heeled, shocking-blue boots crushed the debris as she approached. "Without the League here, we're gonna squash you, Cotton."

squash Cotton charged his weapon and chuckled. "I'd like to see you try!"

"Can I try too? Oh, hello!" another voice said, its owner trailing behind Bureau. The second woman was pale, lanky, and short, with big, blue, and unblinking eyes. Her bald head seemed to shimmer with the glitter in her fascinator.

"Of course you can help, Parfait." Bureau whisked her whips, and they both snapped and curled around Cotton's neck. "But let me make the first move." She tugged at them, bringing Cotton Candy down with a dull thud. As Bureau paraded around the fallen man with a certain arrogance, her rust-colored curls bobbed. Dogs barked outside, almost as if translating the violence in her brown eyes.

me "Not so fast." Cotton gripped the rough leather of Bureau's whip while his other hand clasped her ankle. He furrowed his eyebrows. From the palms of his hands gurgled a dense, pink foam that spread over the leather of both the whip and the woman's high-heeled boots.

Bureau gasped as bubblegum-pink foam covered her foot and her entire leg. "Dude, these boots are real leather. Parfait, help!" Bureau's whips were disintegrating under Cotton Candy's fingers. Around her paralyzed leg, the burning effervescence was eating up the blue fabric, showing the black skin under her uniform.

Cotton glared at Parfait. "You better help this imbecile, baldie. Otherwise, she won't be needing another pair of boots." He got up and threw aside the remainings of Bureau's whips.

pair Parfait ran to Bureau, fishing a golden scissor from her golden backpack.

" Please stand down and surrender." Cotton Candy nursed the sore skin of his neck. "The rest of the Heroic League already knows you're here." He looked around, and his eyes set on the fallen plastipaper box of sashimi. "Aw, man," he mumbled. "Y'all know how expensive this shit is? I'm glad you'll all be taken care of when The Mayor gets here."

Please glad Another voice joined in, "You forgot someone, mate."

Grizzly Bear growled from the top of his six-and-a-half-feet. He flexed his muscles while, one by one, the tribal tattoos on his arms glowed a bright green. Against the light, the black leather of his uniform showed the silhouette of the muscles underneath. He used those same old drawstring pants and the tight tank top ripped by claw marks, the spiked bracelets missing a few spikes, and the dusty and bloodied sleeveless overcoat. Still, there was pure strength and sovereignty in him.



Bear looked to the side to see Parfait and Bureau cutting through Cotton Candy's pink foam. His eyes then locked on Léon, and a crease formed between his eyebrows. "Release him," he growled.

Léon's heart ached. He wanted nothing more than to be embraced by him and feel safe against his warm body, but... would he ever feel safe again after everything that had happened between them?

safe "You're late," Bureau said with a scowl. Léon wasn't the only one who was hurt by Bear's actions, of course. At Bureau's side, Parfait stuffed the golden scissor inside her backpack.

"Sorry," Bear answered, not taking his eyes off of Léon. "Parfait's explosion started a fire outside, and I was trying to put it out when guard dogs appeared. Took me a while to lock them in one of those containers without hurting them."

"Shouldn't you be dead or something?" Cotton Candy barked, pure fury in his eyes. "Not that I'm sad. Brash and I will enjoy making you pay for what you did to Celena." Cotton reached for his weapon and pulled the security latch. "You know the drill, Rob. You are under arrest. And by The Mayor's orders, Reality Warp is under the Heroic League's protection to be devilainized and incorporated in our ranks. Stand down or—"

dead enjoy Léon had never seen Bear move as fast as he did that moment. Grizzly Bear arched his back and dashed towards Cotton Candy, aiming a punch square in his face. The following punches, all too fast to count, pushed Cotton with such force he fell backward and slid a few meters, knocked out. Bureau, Parfait, and Léon raised their eyebrows, moving their gazes to Bear. He had a beet-red face, furrowed brows, and a body language Léon had seen only once before, violent and primal.

never "Warp will never be part of the Heroic League," Bear growled. The intense green from his tattoos shone brighter, contrasting with the rich brown of his skin. Bear took a deep breath, going back to his composed self. He cracked his knuckles and cleared his throat. Then, he faced Léon. "Are you okay?"

never His deep silky voice licked Léon's ears; his heart raced. Of course he wasn't okay. The powers inside Léon still swirled with rage, barely controlled... and it was Bear's fault.

Bureau cut in, "We should get out of here before the police or the League arrives."

Grizzly Bear nodded, walking towards Léon. He held him in his arms as Parfait untied his ankles and hands. Léon closed his eyes, breathing in that well-known smell of wet soil and the wooden fragrance of Bear's perfume.

"How does it feel like being a superhero again, Bear? Saving people and all?" Parfait asked, a broad smile stretching her doll-like lips.

Léon needed a moment to regain his balance, then another to yank the sock out of his mouth. He was hoping his team could interpret his flushed cheeks as the result of being tied upside down, nothing else. "We are superheroes, Fait. We steal from rich people to give to our poor selves." The ringtone restarted. "Ahhh-ah-ahh, shit," Léon whispered. He hid behind Parfait and fished his phone out.

are "What happened, Warp?" Parfait asked, looking over her shoulder.

Instead of answering, Léon gently pushed her face forward. "Don't look, Fait. Seriously." His thoughts circled around the word trauma .

trauma "Why?" she asked.

Bear answered in Léon's place. "Cotton Candy hit him in his weak spot."

"Oh, my! Are you bleeding?" Parfait asked, fidgeting with the straps of her backpack.

"If he is, it's not blood, " Bear whispered.

blood, Léon threw a hard punch on his shoulder. "Shut up." As much as he didn't want to, the ends of his lips curled up.



Bear laughed. He took his sleeveless overcoat off and placed it around Léon's shoulders, pointing towards the belt. "There. Use it," he whispered in a playful tone, only for him to hear. His hand lingered on Léon's shoulder for a moment, as he brushed a finger on his long brown locks. His expression softened. "I'm so glad you're okay."

Léon's breathing caught in his throat. He moved his eyes aside and brushed Bear's hand away. He opened his lips to answer, but before he could say anything, the double doors burst open. Grenades flew into the room, spitting a white, dense smoke that made Léon's eyes water.

Bureau glanced around. "We still have our improvised entrance, right?"

A group of shadows approached the hole in the wall, guns in hand.

"No, we don't. Dammit! Exits. What did we plan for the exits?" Bureau insisted.

A dozen trails of thin red lights cut through the smoke, drawing red dots on their bodies.

"Weapons on the floor, hands where I can see them!" a woman shouted. "You're surrounded, surrender yourselves, or we're gonna open fire."

Bureau took a step back. "I won't go back to prison. I'd rather die , Warp. Do something!"

die Tension built in his shoulders while Léon stretched a hand to the side. He shouldn't do this. It was too dangerous.

"I'll repeat. Drop your weapons and raise your hands or..."

But what other choice did he have? His powers flushed down to his fingertips, and the pain returned to his left temple... but a hand rested on his shoulder, stopping him with a firm squeeze.

With red dots dancing on his head and chest, Grizzly Bear raised his hands and took a step forward, ignoring Warp and Bureau's questions. "Parfait," he said, not looking back. "I'm counting on you. Use the big ones. Sapphi won't mind."

Parfait's smile turned wicked. Her big blue eyes narrowed into lines of amusement and satisfaction as she slipped her hands into her pockets and pulled two golden marbles from them.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Outside the warehouse, the sky covering New Continent was sapphire blue, spotted by the usual black satellites and ozone layer fortifiers. In a park, miles away from the Heroic League's warehouse, a little girl played with her toys. Her Parfait action figure had just punched the jaw of a Tyrannosaurus when a massive gust of golden glitter swept the entire neighborhood. Her hair danced and whisked in the gale, as did the tire swing behind her. She raised her impressed little eyes to the sky, as a monstrous cloud of golden smoke formed a massive heart above the buildings.

When it dissipated, the little girl smiled.

Hours later, The Mayor entered the trashed warehouse, avoiding contact with the golden statues that the police force had become. He sighed, running a hand through his thin white hair. His eyes studied the scene until he spotted the box of sashimi dropped on the floor.

"Sir, shall we send a search party after them?" Corporal Otho asked.

The Mayor considered his words for a moment. He squatted, raised the golden box, and found a few pieces of sashimi inside, still intact.

"No, Otho, we shan't. All this," he said, swirling a finger to show the warehouse, "just confirmed us one thing: Grizzly Bear and Fire Sapphire are still alive." The Mayor beamed. He smelled the raw fish, threw it into his mouth, then raised to his feet, munching. "And we just found them."

The Mayor completed, "The Bear season just opened." He smirked. "Let's aim for his head."

--- A/N ---

--- A/N --- Hey, you! My name is Ligia Nunes.

Hey, you! My name is Ligia Nunes. WELCOME to a new adventure! \o\

WELCOME to a new adventure! \o\ Thank you so much for reading. If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;)

Thank you so much for reading. If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;)





one: hold on, I gotta go




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. March 1st, 2047 — 10 months before.

March 1st, 2047 — 10 months before. March 1st, 2047 — 10 months before. — Léon —

— Léon — — Léon — "Is it that strange I want to have sex to Gotye's State of the Art ?" Léon asked in a whisper.

State of the Art Satina Hamman scoffed and whispered back, "Do we really need to discuss this now ? We're kind in the middle of something, cousin." She glanced at the golden plaque nailed on the double doors before them, then looked at Léon again.

now He twiddled with his fingers and looked around the somber corridor. The yellowish lights pouring around the expensive greek busts and old paintings were the only thing between them and total darkness. "Can we? I'm nervous as hell, trying not to think about being dismembered... or fired. Or both."

Satina rolled her eyes. "All right. Make your case about those old-as-hell songs you like."

Léon breathed out a thankful smile. "Being old is what makes them unique. I mean, there's nothing like it anymore."

Satina snickered, staring at his good eye. "We have better music. Like Mercurial Unicorn. Have you heard their latest single? It's the pinnacle of new-meaty-synth!"

better pinnacle "Let's be real, Tiny. It's the remix of a cat sneezing." Satina furrowed her brow and shushed, but he continued. "You have to hear Beyoncé, EXO, Mc Tha, and mainly The Darkness. That's real music!"

mainly "And BTS?"

"And BTS."

Satina was smaller than Léon, but she scoffed and looked down at him as if she was one meter taller. "Right. No one cares about that, Leo. I mean, I love you, but you're obsessed. Be a neo-hipster if you want, just don't grate my nerves." She crossed her arms, her shocking-blue uniform contrasting with the strong sienna in her pouty lips. "We're three years away from the half of the century. Be a part of it."

A second woman cleared her throat.

"Sorry," Léon and Satina said in unison.

And yes, chatting about music should be enough to calm him, but being called in the main office was never a good sign—and it was even worse for the two villains with the worse personal rankings in the entire company.

Wringing the plastipaper folder in his hands, Léon Dickens stared at the closed wooden doors. Goosebumps formed on his arms. "Say something," he whispered to Satina.

At his side, Satina took in a deep breath and turned to the woman beside them. "Are you sure this is necessary, Nica? We were about to leave for a mission—a three-point-nine mission. We received word of a hijack in the freelancers' neighborhood. Silver Coldheart is trying to steal something from one of The Mayor's facilities, and we want to intercept the cargo before the League can have it."

Anachronica stared at them. She was a tall woman with a thick Old Continentian accent who always wore red pantsuits and white wingtips that clicked on the marble floors like tap-dance shoes. As second in command, she answered only to Iara Bulgàrus-Cumin, her wife and CEO of Invidia Company; different from Iara, Anachronica was severe and direct — and filled with a warm strength that inspired trust.

—

Today, though, she seemed exhausted .

exhausted "Since our mission rankings go as far as fifteen," Anachronica said, "I'm sure you understand your boss' direct order is much more important than your mission, no?"

Satina grimaced while Léon placed his trembly fingers on his forehead. That was it: they were screwed. Few things were more important in Invidia than getting missions done, so to ignore one like that... Iara's reason must be something else , Léon thought.

Iara's reason must be something else Anachronica checked her wristwatch. "It's time. Wait here." She crossed the double doors and closed them.

"It's okay, cousin," Satina said, squaring her shoulders. "Whatever happens, we're in this together." She took in a trembly breath and raised her chin.

Satina had always been like this. Since the first time they had worked together, in that small office in Old Continent, as much as she complained about his loose clothes, perfume, and the pomade he used, she always stood by his side. He remembered little of his time in Old Continent, of course, but since then, he drank from Satina's knowledge and friendship as if drinking cheap vodka: it seemed like a good idea at first until the headache started.

And it was a huge headache when she appeared at his doorstep all those years ago, asking for help. She was still dressed in jailbird-orange, with wide eyes and a blood-stained uniform from the St. Lucretia Reformatory School. Satina was only twelve that day; he was fifteen—or so she told him. Eight years later, he was still paying the price for helping her. But he'd be lying if he said he regretted that. The only thing he regretted was not helping her before she went to jail in the first place.

before "Where's Mary?" Léon asked.

"Taking photos and autographing shit for the launch of her new line of toys. It brings a lot of money to Invidia, so I doubt she'll be here. Besides, Mary's personal ranking is ten times better than ours."

Léon sighed and bobbed his head. This was bad. This was really bad.

really The double doors opened again, and Anachronica motioned for them to follow.

The main office stood at the very bottom of the 47-floor building, surrounded by a subterranean layer of rock and dirt. It was a spacious room dimly lit by bluish lights, with a large swimming pool in the center of an elevated platform. The water spat ethereal-blue reflections on the walls, that danced to the humming silence of high-tech air ventilators. Around them, clipping the rock-textured concrete, were two-story-tall glass windows half-covered by massive bushes, flowers, and fruit trees. It looked like the type of cave Jules Verne would've imagined, deep within the earth.

Anachronica stopped a few steps from the staircase leading to the pool.

Léon and Satina stopped, and the tips of sharp dorsal spines cut the water surface.

Iara Bulgàrus-Cumin emerged. Iara was, like the rumors said, unique . Her hair had no specific color; hers was a shade of black onyx and gold, of summer love and sunsets on the beach. Wet, it changed as she moved, glistening pink or red or green over the dense silky black. Her face, her lips, her body; she was all seduction and soulless black eyes.

. Iara ran a hand across her face to remove the excess of water. She swam towards them and rested her elbows on the edge of the pool. Under the water, where her legs should be, there was a blue tail distorted by ripples. She propped her chin on her palm and smiled; the fins on her back and arms retracted.

"Welcome." She narrowed her eyes and whispered, "You're different in person." Iara pointed to a silk robe and sat on the pool's edge with her naked back to her employees. As she got up, the blue scales on her thighs faded to match her smooth mocha skin. "How long have you two been with us?" Iara asked with a gentle voice. Her feet left wet steps on the hardwood floor.

different

Satina took a step forward. "Four years, Lady Bulgàrus."

"Four years." Iara put on her robe. "And for four years, you both had stellar results in your missions."

stellar She was being ironic. Right?

"Well. In some of them," Iara added.

"We always do our best, Lady Bulgàrus," Satina said. Satina Hamman , the woman who promised never to kiss anyone's ass ever again... and there she was, doing just that. "We're glad you gave us this opportunity. We appreciate it."

Satina Hamman Anachronica gestured forward, guiding the two villains around the swimming pool and towards a darker area, hidden by a curtain of beads and pearls. A bluish-green divan waited; in front of it, a round table and four chairs. Two of them were already occupied.

Iara pointed at the bar. "Grab something to drink, then join us. There's something I need to ask you."

The woman sashayed through the curtain and onto the divan while Satina and Léon walked the opposite direction.

"I'm not liking this one bit ," Léon whispered. "There's something wrong here."

one bit Satina munched on her silence and nodded. She fished a bottle of whiskey and poured a double. "She's the boss." She raised her glass. "You gotta comply."

Léon gnawed at his lower lip. He thought about going for orange juice, but maybe he'd need something stronger this time.

Maybe he was going to be fired. That wouldn't be a surprise, but he still had a family to support. His mother had just started medical college, which meant her nurse's paycheck would have a bleeding cut. She and his little brother needed his money to complete their monthly almost-nothing . Besides, he had just bought a new gaming rig and a uniform. Shit, he was paying it in installments... that month would be the third out of thirty-six!

almost-nothing just "C'mon, Leo." Satina tugged at his jacket, and they followed inside the curtains.

Could he make a mortgage payment? Not that the shithole he lived in was worth anything, but maybe it was enough to pay for the boots in his outfit. Or one of them...

maybe one Anachronica stood, hands clasped at her back. Sitting on the divan, Iara gestured towards the chairs.

Sat on one of them was Mary, the third part of their trio. On the other, a strange figure had a jute bag covering his head. The bulky man was tied to the chair with nothing but a thin rope, even though his muscles made it clear he could easily break them.

That was strange.

That "Hey, Mary," Léon greeted, quirking an eyebrow.

He wanted to ask about her launch party, but—considering her shiny gold jumpsuit, her high heels, and the amount of makeup and glitter she was using—Léon had the impression she was dragged away from it way before it ended.

way "Oh, hello! How are you, Leo, Tiny?" Mary smiled, waving a hand filled with golden rings and bracelets. It was always difficult to read past her always-cheerful demeanor.

Let's use our monikers today," Anachronica said.

Iara gave them a lopsided smile. "You three are so sweet. It'd be a shame if you were to lie to me. I'd have to skin those pretty faces of yours." Her gentle tone and the way she curled her lips made Léon wonder if she was serious.

skin Considering Satina's terrified expression, she was.

"When I offered you a job," Iara continued, "when I accepted you into my family, I asked you a question." She stopped and leaned in. "I asked you if you knew anyone related to The Heroic League. You said you didn't."

anyone "And we don't, Lady Bulgàrus." Satina glanced at Léon in a silent request for help.

"We're from Old Continent, and we only managed a spot in New Continent four years ago," Léon said. "It's not even possible that—"

Iara silenced him with a gesture. Anachronica took a step towards the mysterious figure in the room and pulled the stained jute sack, revealing the prisoner's face.

"Do you know him?" Iara asked.

Léon raised an eyebrow, a deadpan stare studying the ugly mass of beaten, wet flesh. Blood dripped from his wounds, and one of his eyes was closed, covered by a dark, swollen eyelid.

"Maybe. I mean, how can one recognize anything in there?" Léon asked.

anything The tied man chuckled, then winced in pain.

"Never saw it before in my life," Satina answered.

it "Really?" Iara asked. She raised her hand, palm up, and Anachronica gave her a baton. Iara got up. "That's funny, because..." She walked to the man and poked his chest. "He asked for you , specifically," she said, glaring at Léon. Her lips twitched. " Léon Dickens, Reality Warp, and his team. That's exactly how he said it."

you Léon Dickens, Reality Warp, and his team. Léon frowned. No one but his Mom—plus a few other villains—knew his secret identity.

No one "You can surely imagine my surprise when this man waltzed into our secret base and into my office ," Iara said, putting a lot of weight on those two words, "and asked me to see my three favorite protegees, can't you?"

my office favorite Favorite? Léon didn't like where this conversation was going. A cold shiver ran down his spine, telling him to keep his mouth shut.

Satina blinked several times and took a swig of her whiskey for each one of them. "And... what does the Heroic League have to do with this half-dead dipshit here?" She pointed to the man tied up.

Iara suppressed a laugh. "Right. Let's see if you can recognize him." Her thumb slid over a dark screen on the baton; it hissed and crackled with electricity. Without mercy or a second thought, she thrust the rod against the prisoner's nape, making him growl, then shout a gargled, strange sound as a current of high voltage ran through his body.

Mary shut her eyes; Satina's moved aside.

Léon, though, couldn't look away. His chest tightened, and his vision blurred as dark smoke left the man's fried skin. As much as his heart stung, something tugged at his thoughts. The tribal tattoos on the man's arms glowed in an intense green.

"What about now ? Do you recognize him?" Iara insisted. For the first time, her voice trembled as if she was trying hard to contain it. The man's tattoos shone brighter and brighter, to the point green enveloped the room completely, leaving no other color around them.

now The baton flicked, buzzed, and crackled until the energy stopped. Panting, Iara threw it aside, on top of a small pile of similar rods. Fried out, every one of them.

"I-I," Léon said, eyes widened. "He's fucking Grizzly Bear. The Superhero!"



fucking

--- A/N ---

--- A/N --- Hey, you! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! ♥

Hey, you! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! Thank you for reading!

Thank you for reading!





two: little does she know




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. —Léon—

—Léon— —Léon— Iara wasn't a tall woman, but she towered like a giant over the wounded captive, her chest heaving. In front of her, Grizzly Bear's body stopped shaking and slumped forward. If he wasn't tied to a chair, the mass of beaten muscles and tattoos would've fallen on the ground.

"Yeah. Surprise!" Iara said with mock excitement, walking back to her divan. She slouched on it, massaging her temples, and then snatched a metallic box from the round table. "Now please tell me how the fuck does he know you? Better yet: how does he know the location of our HQ?" Iara plucked a mint drop from the box and threw it in her mouth. The box clanked when she dropped it on her table, alongside the baton. She snapped her fingers and pointed to the prisoner. "Fix it, love."

the fuck Anachronica nodded and walked forth. She spread her hands on the sides of his face and closed her eyes.

"Warp," Iara began, "tell me how you know him." She straightened her back. Without the electric baton in her hands, she was back to being the polite, gentle, generous socialite the world knew her by.

Léon shifted in his seat. "I saw the guy several times on the news. You know he's famous, Lady Bulgàrus. Everyone knows who he is."

"Is that it?" Iara asked.

At their side, starting by the palms of Anachronica's hands, an opaque red mantle grew around the prisoner. It was semi-transparent, covered with vein-like webbed lines, and it formed a humming dome around Grizzly Bear. Inside it, he jerked in small, inhuman motions, too fast and too gross , like in those old exorcism horror movies Mary loved.

gross Léon grimaced, eyes zeroed in on the red dome. His voice was tight, fast, and breathless. "I also think— think —he almost arrested me once, in a bank robbery, a couple of months ago. But that's all I can remember, I promise. And what the hell is happening in there?"

think While Anachronica's face was licked by the blood-red light from the dome, Iara sighed and said, "She's fixing him. Reversing our past thirty minutes of fun . Maybe you can't remember her doing the same for you when Master of Knives lost his mind."

fixing fun Of course. The scar in his eye. How could he forget that?

Of course. Anachronica groaned, then staggered a step backward. Under Iara's intent gaze, she doubled her efforts, making the dome even brighter. With a loud clack , she lowered her hands. As the dome darkened and disappeared into a thin garnet-colored mist, Anachronica straightened her back. Her legs seemed wobbly, and her head heavy, but she gritted her teeth and raised her chin.

clack Grizzly Bear was indeed fixed. His wounds, cuts, and bruises were all gone. To prove they once existed, Bear's clothes were still burned, torn, and stained with large blotches of blood.

fixed. Bear sighed. "Bloody hell, it's good to have a tongue again."

"For now," Iara said, amused. Not as amused, she turned to Satina. "This is not the first time you've pulled something like this, Bureau. What did this bastard say to convince you to bring him here?" Her tone hardened. "I thought you had learned your lesson with Master of Knives, but it seems I was wrong. I clearly won't stay put and see anyone ruin decades of my hard work."

clearly anyone

Satina's eyebrows shot upward.

The incident that took half of Léon's sight had happened long ago when Satina and he were just starting in New Continent. Back then, neither of them knew the difference between Invidia's villains and the freelancers, and neither of them knew how difficult it was to get a stable job as a villain in that town. Because of it, Satina agreed to take the infamous freelance, Master of Knives, to meet with Anachronica and maybe set up a job interview. He looked frightened, desperate, even. And when Anachronica refused to see him, he snapped.

Léon blew his bangs aside. He still had the scars spread across his arms and torso, from trying to keep him away from Satina. The cuts were so deep, and so many, Anachronica didn't have the time to heal everything. Even if she had, she said, she'd leave the scar in his eye, so he'd learn his lesson: never trust a freelancer, they have nothing to lose.

A week later, Master of Knives was found dead in a ditch close to the docks, stabbed by his own set of knives.

One of them was deep into his right eye.

"My Lady," Satina said. "I promise this time I'm innocent of—"

Iara's voice raised half a tone, silencing Satina's. "This regards not only you three but my whole organization. You know people can't tie me with villains; my image is as important for Invidia Corp as the work of my associates." She licked her lips. "This man entered here knowing about me. He knew how to find me, and I want to know how ."

know how Satina exchanged a glance with Mary and Léon, then locked on Iara again. "We don't know Grizzly Bear. I'm positive my team would never betray you, my Lady. Neither would I."

never Bear raised his head and chuckled. "A villain with a sense of honor. How quaint!"

Iara glanced at Anachronica, who nodded and covered Bear's head with the dirty sack again.

"Blimey, I was joking." Bear laughed, his voice muffled under the fabric. "I didn't mean to be rude. Oi, I'll apologize. All right? What about that?"

The silence stretched as Iara studied Satina's expression. Finally, her shoulders relaxed. "Okay. I'll believe you. But if that's the case"—Iara huffed—"we don't know who told him about our hideout nor your identities, and I can't let him step out of here with this info. As problematic as it may be for us, considering how important he is for the League, we'll need to end him."

problematic "What?" Grizzly Bear asked. "No, no, no. Let me explain. Don't kill me!"

"If we do, the League will obliterate us," Léon mumbled. "This will become a witch hunt."

obliterate Iara narrowed her eyes, raising her chin. With a gesture, she ordered Anachronica to reveal the Bear's face. He was smiling.

"That was what you wanted to hear, wasn't it? You wanted me to beg, right?" Bear moved his eyes to Satina, then to Léon, and winked. "I'm good at saying the right thing. Comes with being a hero, I suppose."

right Iara raised an eyebrow, unimpressed. "This is a dangerous game you're playing, Grizzly Bear."

"Not as dangerous as the situation that brought me here, Iara, I assure you." Bear was a lot more serious this time. "And please, keep calling me Bear , like you always did. Things don't have to change between us."

Bear "True. I always despised you, Grizzly Bear. That won't change," Iara answered.

"See? We're already understanding each other." Bear smiled. "I'm Roberto Tapir. A name for a name. You believe this is fair, eh, Léon? I knew yours, now you know mine."



Léon shifted in his seat. Those words had a dangerous implication. "The hell you saying? Give your name to the imbecile who gave you mine, I don't give a damn about who you are."

As Iara narrowed her eyes, Bear frowned.

"You don't get to address anyone in this room by name, understood?" Anachronica cut in. First pointing at Satina, then at Mary, and finally Léon, she said, "Bureau Assassin, Parfait and Reality Warp. That's how you're going to refer to them."

Bear nodded. "And now that everyone's here, I would like to explain everything. And to propose a deal."

Iara bent forward. She seemed interested—like a viper would before a rabbit. "I'm listening."

"I want to be part of your team," Roberto said, turning his eyes to Léon. "I want to be a Supervillain."

Léon and Satina snorted, exchanging an incredulous gaze while Anachronica remained impassive. Mary smiled, muttering, "Cool, I'd like that."

Iara pursed her lips, thinking for a moment. She carved her eyes into Bear's. "I suppose you have a good reason for this change of heart."

"I do. And you're going to like it. Besides, I can offer you something in exchange for my stay. I have information about the Heroic League, as you can imagine. I have time schedules, secret hideouts, secret plans, saucy gossip, who-dates-whos, bloody all of it," Bear said with a wide smile.

Iara spread her hands on the table. A barely contained, lascivious sigh escaped her lips. "Oh! Well, why didn't you say this any sooner , my dear Bear? It would've saved you a lot of pain." Her lips curled. That cruel sneer contradicted the sweetness in her voice.

sooner "Yeah," Bear answered. "I tried, but you cut, then plucked out my tongue. Three times! That was the very definition of a counterproductive interrogation, I'm sure of it."

definition "You have to understand it's not every day a hero comes knocking on my door. You represent everything I'm disgusted by, so"—Iara checked her fingernails, taking a deep, satisfying breath—"torturing you was rather fun."

everything "Wait, you're not really considering his BS, are you, Lady Bulgàrus?" Satina asked, eyebrows furrowed. "He is clearly lying! I bet he's just trying to snatch some info about us. Maybe arrest us."

clearly Bear crossed his arms. "I'm a Superhero. I don't lie ."

lie "You being a hero doesn't mean anything here," Léon said.

Iara snapped her fingers, silencing them. "Leave. All of you." When Anachronica stepped forward to cover the Superhero's face, Iara stopped her with a glance, saying, "Grizzly Bear will stay. We'll talk more about it, and I'll decide what we'll do with him." She raised her eyes to Léon, then Satina and Mary. "With all of you."

While Iara and Grizzly Bear talked, Léon, Satina, and Mary waited outside with Anachronica. It was almost like waiting for his sentence. The last time he waited like this, someone was trying to send him to jail. This time, he could also die; that was the punishment for betraying Iara.

die; His new uniform... the credit card bill... rent... his life.

His new uniform... the credit card bill... rent... his life. He paced around the corridor, biting his thumbnail. Every time he tried to say something, Anachronica shushed him with a glare. Satina, leaning against the wall, gnawed at the white stick of a lollipop, while Mary hummed something jolly.

When they heard Iara calling, the group rushed inside.

"I hope you're going to say we're allowed to lock him in the dungeons," Satina said, her eyes set on Grizzly Bear.



"I do, too." Léon crossed his arms.

"We will," Iara answered, pointing at the chairs in a silent invitation. "Eventually. For now, how are you feeling, Mr. Tapir? Think you can talk a while longer, 'till we tell them?"

The ex-Superhero wasn't tied anymore. Bear used tentative, blood-stained fingers to scratch his nape and offered the woman a comfortable smile. "Course I can. Few things can stop my chatterbox side."

"Marvelous," Iara said. She took a deep breath. "I've reached my decision. Grizzly Bear... before the witnesses gathered here today, I welcome you into our ranks. You're not part of the Heroic League anymore. Instead, Invidia Corp receives you like a mother, her arms spread and her heart warm." Clashing with her words, there was a cold sweetness to her voice and a viper smile on her lips. "But make no mistake." Her words hardened. "As much as I believe in second chances, I don't believe in mercy . Don't waste this opportunity. It'll be your last."

mercy "I don't intend to," Bear answered.

"Good. Now, this is your team," she said, pointing at Satina, Mary, and Léon. "Congratulations on being Invidia's first Supervillain quartet." She opened a fake smile. "I wish you luck on your missions and a great many spoils to share."

Satina mouthed a long line of foul words as her body slipped on the chair. "What the stinky fuck is happening here?" she shouted, eyebrows furrowed. "Is this serious? I refuse to—"

fuck refuse One glance was all Iara needed to silence her.

Iara's scleras blackened. "I advise you to hold your tongue, little girl. You don't get to refuse my orders, and you definitely don't get to raise your voice—not to me ." Her tone was dark and dangerous, filled with threats Léon never wanted to hear again. As her eyes cleared, Iara's voice softened. "But as I said, I believe in second chances. And you'll comply. All of you." She got up from the divan. "Understood?"

definitely me Satina gulped and nodded as the others did.

"Fantastic," Iara said, tightening her lips. She fixed her posture, her eyes focused on Grizzly Bear. "Now go. Before I change my mind."

go. Léon scrambled to his feet. He was shaking, his eyes wide. "At once," he muttered, tugging at Satina's sleeve.

Satina jerked her arm free. "Just..." She turned to face Iara. "To make sure I get this shit, Lady Bulgàrus, what will be our part in this?"

will Iara raised an eyebrow and scoffed. Her eyes looked for Anachronica, and she waved a hand in a dismissive gesture. Iara disappeared behind the curtain. Moments later came a splash in the water.

Anachronica moved her eyes to the faces before her, then tried on a smile. "You'll have to pardon her. She's not having a good week." Raising her voice, she added, "To answer your question, Bureau, your part in this is to make sure he won't fuck it up." She pointed at Grizzly Bear. "Warp, you'll be responsible for taking Bear to the medical ward. I want him thoroughly checked for bugs... thoroughly ."

part he thoroughly "Will do," Léon answered.

Anachronica nodded and waved them away. Mary and Bear were the only ones who seemed content with the situation.

"So," Bear said. "What will be our first task?"

"Ask your team leader to show you around." Anachronica moved her gaze to the image of the purple sky projected on the windows. "In the meanwhile, I'll contact The Twins and ask them to send you a new assortment of missions." She studied the faces before her, then stopped on one in particular. "Bear. If I can have your attention for a minute? Alone?"

The group nodded. Satina and Mary were already waiting in front of the elevator down the corridor, but Léon had other plans. He walked out of the room and rested his back beside the door. Anachronica's voice was barely louder than a whisper.

"I know what Iara told you, Grizzly Bear. I've known her for more than 30 years now—and she was serious about what she said. If you try to betray us, we'll know. And she will kill this whole team to punish you, don't doubt that for a second." Her tone was hard. Worried, too. "Their lives are also in your hands, Superhero. Please. Remember that."

will also --- A/N ---

--- A/N --- Hey, you! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! ♥

Hey, you! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! Here's a question: Did you guys like Iara? It's a native-Brazilian name, you read it as //Ee-ah-rah// :3 ♥

Here's a question: Did you guys like Iara? It's a native-Brazilian name, you read it as //Ee-ah-rah// :3 Here's a question: Thank you for reading!

Thank you for reading!





three: Invidia Corp (Part I)




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. —Roberto Tapir - Grizzly Bear—

—Roberto Tapir - Grizzly Bear— —Roberto Tapir - Grizzly Bear— Roberto shook the worry off his shoulders, laced his fingers at the back of his head, and looked around. This was going to be easy . Anachronica was overreacting.

easy "And here you can see my very favorite latte machine." Mary beamed, stretching a paper-white arm towards a small reflective black box. She touched the icon of a coffee cup in the center of the surface, and a short drip tray and a white coffee nozzle hummed out. "Beautiful, innit?"

Roberto opened his lips. Closed. Narrowed his eyes, arms akimbo. "Well, it's... something."

After leaving Iara's office and recovering Rob's meager belongings, the group had followed through the labyrinthine corridors back to the HQ's common areas. Mary, Roberto's self-appointed guide, first took him to what she called the most important place in the HQ. Roberto expected to see weapons, radars, and red leather armchairs with oppressive, villainesque backrests. Instead, she took him to the breakroom.

the most important place in the HQ. Mary rested a hand on the machine and beamed. "As the largest coffee specialist on both Continents, Invidia produces premium quality coffee beans all year round. Along with health and dental care, and a clear career plan, this symbolizes everything that makes Invidia such an amazing place to work."

Satina scoffed, raising an incredulous pair of eyes.

"Tap this button," Mary said. A lanky finger tapped the round green icon on the screen. "And the most delicious hot drink will be poured for you." She paused for effect, palms up to show the machine. It hummed as it ground the beans, then poured a dense black liquid into a cup. "From The New Continent Farms, directly to your coffee mug." She took the cup and offered it to Roberto, winking. "Here, taste it."

Rob took the white cup, then glanced at Léon in a silent question.

"She's re-enacting Invidia's TV ad." Léon smiled and crossed his arms. "She starred in it and is very proud. Aren't you, Mary?"

"I had to end the competition to take the part." Mary winked.

That was a joke. Right? After a heartbeat, Rob barked a laugh. "Right! Invidia ads on the telly. Blimey, yes! I watched 'em. Gotta say, lady, you're quite the actress."

"Oh. Thanks, Mr. Bear. I also saw you on TV." Mary narrowed her eyes, tilting her head to one side. "And I gotta say, you're quite the Hero."

Rob's eyebrows twitched. Was Mary trying to say something?

Satina grunted in disgust, massaging her forehead. "Let's please just move on."

please The villain breakroom was exaggeratedly bright and citron-fresh. White bubble chairs hung from the rustic cement ceiling by thick chains, and white double sofas divided the room into smaller ambients peppered by flower pots of white caladium. It was like being inside the high-tech office of a successful startup.



It felt good to be there, but Rob knew there was much more to the place than the comfortable atmosphere showed.

good When Satina walked towards the door, he followed. "Hey. Please call me Rob. All of you." He took a sip of his coffee and raised his eyebrows. It was nothing like the smelly sewage in The Heroic League. "Oi, out of interest, who are The Twins ? And what exactly do you do in a villain HQ?"

nothing The Twins do "Besides drinking coffee, you mean?" Mary asked.

Satina clicked her tongue. "All right. I guess it's time we take you on a real tour, big boy. Let's see if you can handle a couple of truths. Starting with that." She pointed an index finger towards something at Roberto's back. "Léon, do you mind?"

real Rob turned around. Between the refrigerator and the food rehydrator, a paper-thin holoscreen occupied part of the wall. The words on it formed a list of names and numbers entitled Rank of Villainy.

Rank of Villainy. Before Roberto could ask, Léon answered, "This is the first thing you need to know about Invidia. The numbers here? Creds. The money we're making per month and how much we contribute to the company, directly or indirectly. Not only with money, but with influence, market value, anything, really, all based in an algorithm Iara developed. Screens like this are spread everywhere... she doesn't want us to forget." He swiped up, making the names on the list roll down. "Your name will show up here tomorrow morning when the system updates the data. After that, you'll have thirty days to help your team—namely us—reach a minimum quota. If we succeed, we receive a cut. If we don't, well. We'll receive nothing but our ridiculous base salary.

"See the symbols here, before each name?" Léon turned to face Roberto. "They represent each team. We all work in duos or trios, but we're all evaluated separately. Look." At the bottom of the list, Satina and Léon's names appeared in red. He pointed to the 4-digit number beside his name and said, "This is how much money we're bringing to Invidia."

"Not bad at all," Roberto said, taking a sip of his coffee.

Léon scoffed. "It's the bare minimum, which means we don't receive any bonus. Yet. Check this." He swiped down, making the list roll slowly back to the top.

"Shite," Rob whispered. How many zeros were there? Seven, eight... no, wait. He forgot one there. "How...? And what can I... I mean."

Satina took a step forward. "Do you watch the news, Roberto?" With a smile, she accepted the styrofoam cup Mary offered.

Roberto shook his head no. "I mean, I used to be in most headlines, so I didn't have the time. Nor the vanity." His smile broadened.

Satina rolled her eyes. "Well, you should start watching if you want to have the slightest idea of what kind of job you signed up for." She took a sip of her coffee and a lollipop from a bomboniére. "This will be your homework. Watch the news and come up with ideas to make us some money. We'll meet at Léon's tomorrow morning, and you'll present your ideas to us."

Rob focused his eyes on Satina as she unwrapped her candy. She must be no older than twenty, he thought. She looked too young and too innocent. Still, there was something about her—about the three of them—that gave him chills. The bad kind.

"Why would I need to do it? Don't you come up with the plans yourself? Isn't that what leaders are for?" Rob raised an eyebrow.

I "So your leaders in the League didn't make you think for yourself?" She scoffed and shook her head. "I'm not saying I'll accept your idea, dumbass. Leaders work alongside their teams. And I'll have no freeloaders in mine." Satina mouthed her lollipop. "I want to know what kind of shit you come up with and if you're willing to be the bad guy."

leaders alongside

Roberto frowned and lowered his eyes. He didn't come here to be the bad guy , but he had to keep up appearances. "Right. Well, I'm sure Mary is great and all, but I'm positive I can do whatever she does. I mean," he pointed at the bald woman, "she's definitely no menace."

be the bad guy Mary finished her second cup of coffee, playing with the hemline of her dress. When their eyes met, she smiled, showing Roberto a perfectly aligned wall of round-edged teeth.

Léon snickered and whispered, "Don't let her fool you." He pointed at the screen. Mary's name was the third in the Rank of Villainy. Rob's eyebrows shot upwards. He turned his gaze to Mary. She winked.

Rank of Villainy. With a snicker, Satina gave a hard slap on Rob's arm. "Come, dickhead. Let's continue our tour."

He took a deep breath and nodded. Everything's fine; it's just a tour. See things, know things. He'd be okay if he stuck to his plan. As despicable as things turned out to be in his life, at least his morals and his training were a strong foundation he could rest on.

Everything's fine; it's just a tour. Besides, he was still alive. He stared at the inside of his styrofoam cup, and the cream foam slid down. A movement caught his attention. Léon.

Rob would be lying if he said he hadn't missed him. If he knew Léon was alive and well, maybe... maybe he wouldn't be in this situation, to begin with.

Maybe Léon wouldn't be here either.

Léon But he was. They both were.

Rob sighed, staring at Léon's brown eye. It seemed always attentive, while the dead white eye, the one cut by the scar on his face, gave him an otherworldly air. Something wild or feral; something dangerous. Their gazes met. Intertwined. Crystallized—but the connection was broken by Léon, who preferred to check his fingernails instead.

"I'll grab some coffee," Léon said, walking away.

"Wait! Let me prepare your favorite!" Mary beamed, skipping behind him.

Don't get near him , Rob told himself.

Don't get near him Grizzly Bear—not merely 'Roberto'—sighed. It was too much to hope he still remembered. But Rob didn't have the time to dwell on the past. He had a mission to accomplish.

Yeah, that's it. He raised his gaze and focused on the Invidia logo on the screen. Grizzly Bear, the Hero, would follow the plan, as much as Roberto Tapir, the man, wanted much more than that. He would get the answers he wanted, use those villains in whatever way he saw fit, and then he would get out.

Yeah, that's it. And never come back.

"Nice and easy," he whispered.

But if things went south, well... Roberto was a superhero, he had to remember that. This was bigger than him, than Léon, than anyone—any sacrifice would be worth it.

"Wake up, Hero-boy," Satina said, snapping her fingers. She plucked her lollipop from her mouth and pointed it at Roberto. "He's nice to look at, I get it, but don't get too close. I'm warning you. Shit can blow real fast in this business, and I don't need you as some liability shit."

Roberto frowned and let out a confused hum.

"I see how you look at him." Satina stopped and put the lollipop in her mouth again. "Léon is family , and I won't let you put him in danger, all right? Keep your distance."

see family If only she knew the whole story.

If only she knew the whole story. He glanced at Satina and looked back at Léon, who chatted with Mary a good distance away from them. Maybe it was better this way. Maybe it was good to have her thinking he was only after a dalliance, not an old... well... Rob licked his lips and interrupted the chain of thoughts to say, " All right . I hear you."

All right

Satina nodded, playing with the lollipop stick between her lips. "Good."

"But it won't be my fault if he can't resist my charm, yeah?" He smirked.

With a scowl, Satina walked away.

***

"Okay. In the underground level is our HQ. You're free to walk around dressed the way you want, with or without your uniform." Satina rested her hands on her waist. "It's kind of a big deal for most villains to make an impression, so you'll probably see a lot of imbeciles in their working clothes, but without their ID concealers—like Red Menace and his ridiculous outfit." Satina passed through the first airlock. "Sharing our true identities, though, is not as advised outside of your own team. For you, it'll be even more dangerous." The metallic doors closed behind them. "You're lucky you're in rags today. When people start to recognize you, there'll be real trouble."

real "Why the secrecy?" Rob asked. "I understand my case. Some of the people here might hold a grudge against me... but what about you? In the Heroic League, we know each other's identities. The closest ones, at least."

Léon dipped his words in venom to say, "Would you be willing to do that again? Cause I thought that was precisely what almost ruined your and your sister's lives."

Roberto stared at him. The trio passed through the second airlock, but Rob stayed behind, frozen in place.

His sister had disappeared two years ago. When the police ignored his civilian wailing, dismissing it as a minor domestic problem, Rob turned to the League as Grizzly Bear, asking for help. He showed them a photo of her without her ID concealer. It leaked. In two days, the whole city knew Grizzly Bear's sister's face—and thus began the hunt for "Sister Bear," as the media called. Whoever discovered her identity would also discover his secret identity... and would have his head on a plate.

his The Heroic League tried to contain the situation, of course. Without success. People came too close to the truth, so The Mayor called an old acquaintance.

After a week, the photo and every single digital copy of it had mysteriously vanished, doing a massive ton of damage to the League's safes.

And while Rob still didn't know who had made the photo disappear, he had a good guess: Iara Búlgarus-Cumin, the only woman in town versed enough in technology to fix something like this. Which meant she was—probably—not involved, while also being his safest bet of a temporary ally.

Because of that, he had to agree with Léon. If no one in the League knew who Rafaela was to him, that would never have happened.

Rob swallowed hard, stepping through the second airlock. "Do you know what happened? Did you find anything about her?"

Léon crossed his arms. "Why don't you just go ahead and accuse us of kidnapping her? Isn't this why you're here?" Instead of mockery, Léon offered him a worried crease between his eyebrows.

Rob mumbled a thing or two, and Léon shook his head. "It was on the holotelly, Roberto. For weeks . We know as much as you do."

weeks Shite.

Shite. "Yeah, whatever," Satina said. "Just don't go around with that my-name-is-Roberto crap, and you'll be fine, okay? You already know our identity, which should be sufficient shit for me to deal with. Don't let any other team know anything about us."

my-name-is-Roberto our "Sometimes villains punch each other on the face to steal their missions and rank up. You don't want that," Mary said.

"Mary, Roberto." Satina jerked a thumb towards the elevator doors. "We're wasting time."

"Wait, where are we going? I might draw some unwanted attention in this." Rob opened his arms to show the blood-stained, tattered shirt he was wearing. On his chest, a 2030's band logo was cut in half, showing a good part of his well-defined muscles.

Satina clicked her tongue. "Yeah. Well, Léon will take care of that."

The basement was a luxurious hall that connected part of Invidia's storage room and the HQ entry. In the center, there was a victorian loveseat and a small center table. Behind those, a second elevator, surrounded by two white wooden doors, led to the main building of Invidia's Industries.

"We're going to the right," Léon said. He slapped the door to the locker room open. He opened one of the lockers with practiced movements, pushed a massive stack of books and music magazines aside, and took a perfectly folded stack of clothes. Léon offered them to Rob. "My gym clothes. You can change back there."

"I thought Anachronica told you to check me thoroughly ." Rob took the clothes. It was a plain black hoodie and a jogger. "I don't want anyone here thinking I'm not sincere, so... go ahead." He opened his arms.

thoroughly Léon scoffed and crossed his arms. "Just change your clothes, Roberto."

Rob opened a lopsided smile. As an answer, he took his shirt off and threatened to do the same with his pants.

The wall on the far side of the room seemed a lot more interesting to Léon at that moment. He cleared his throat and pivoted to the door. "I-I'm waiting outside."

***

"To the Farm!" Satina tapped a perfectly manicured index finger on the F1 button.

The elevator doors closed, and Rob was propelled backward, then to his right. A projector printed a map on the metallic walls, showing their position in a long line; all around them, charming images of smiley people holding crops appeared. Green-covered lands, massive apple trees, and baskets filled with bananas and coffee grains showed up, one after the other.

"So we're going to the coast? In an elevator?" Rob quirked an eyebrow. As far as he knew, most of the farms were precious, protected strips of healthy land that were worth more than their weight in gold—which meant they were watched and protected like the Mona Lisa in the Old Continentian Museum.

The elevator came to a sudden halt, throwing Rob against the doors. It chirped a metallic sound.

"This is the only way to get in the Farms. Welcome to the true Invidia, Roberto." Satina smirked.

true "Why, what's so terrible about—" He hesitated as the metallic doors opened and revealed the nightmare outside. Rob's eyes widened, and his posture stiffened. "Shite."

--- A/N ---

--- A/N --- Hey, you! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! ♥

Hey, you! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! What do you think is happening on the farm? :3

Thank you for reading!

Thank you for reading!





four: Invidia Corp (Part II)




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. — Roberto —



— Roberto — — Roberto —

"This is the farm," Satina said, stepping into the rusty-white platform surrounded by dirty glass. It stood at least twenty meters above the ground, towering over the plantation like a sentinel.

A shiver crawled up Rob's spine. The scene was nothing like the images shown inside the elevator. For a druid like him, this was Hell.

Hell. Rusty machines raised meters above the platform, plowing the ashen, lifeless earth, and ravishing the plantation with mechanized claws and iron rollers. Thick tubes—hundreds of them—sprouted from the ground, drilling and wrapping the machinery, wiring it like capillaries filled with a purple-red iridescent liquid. It dripped, here and there, forming sanguine puddles along the metallic bones of an undead creature.

Around the machinery, a thick layer of whitish fog spread like a disease. As if it really were one, the leaves of the plants on the ground were covered with white or black blotches.

"What do you think?" Satina asked.

Rob couldn't find the words to answer; he stuttered one or two before shaking his head. His voice came breathless and weak. "The plants are dying and... shouldn't there be people working? Farmhands? What the bloody hell is all this?"

dying hell Mary propped her elbows on the handrail and her chin on her hands. "There are a lot of people here. In the HQ, I mean." She glanced at Rob and chuckled. "You seem so lost, Bear!"

He spent a moment in silence as the machines worked with loud, metallic wails and screeches. When Rob finally found his voice, it came hard and blunt. "What are they doing there and not here?"

there "Feeding the machines, of course." Mary smiled.

"W-What?" A cold wave of goosebumps spread across Rob's back.

A crow hovered the fields and plummeted towards the crops. It hit something—a transparent barrier, meters above their heads—and disappeared into a cloud of dried blood, bones, and black feathers.

"They feed the machines with Vitus. Energy. Life Force," Léon answered. His eyes were set on the crimson mist the crow had turned into, watching as the feathers wafted down. The vapor of blood settled onto the invisible barrier, which rippled like the surface of a lake. "It has many names and many purposes, too. Iara and her associates developed this tech that can absorb raw Life Force. They inject it in the machines all right, but it needs to be refined first if we want to consume it. The raw thing is just too strong. It destroys you."

associates we The muscles on Rob's neck strained. " Life Force ." His breathing quickened, his words escaping in clipped streams. "The plants. Bloody hell, the marks on them! A-and... and Life Force! And the workers! "

Life Force Life Force! And the workers! Léon turned around to look at Roberto. "They're okay if that's what you're worried about. Also, the crops just... don't need to photosynthesize anymore, so the chlorophyll is useless. We are feeding them." His eyes rested on the plants, meters below. "They're evolving."

feeding

Rob furrowed his eyebrows and tightened his fists. He shook his head and staggered a step. Evolving.

The word echoed in Roberto's thoughts.

Evolving !

Evolving As a druid, nature was sacred to him—and to hear a sorry excuse of a human being saying he could make it better did nothing but seed anger into his heart. Rob swallowed hard and took a deep breath.

"The Life Force Invidia injects here makes the crops strong enough to grow in a poisoned soil like this. And because of the Life Force the crops absorb, people get addicted." Léon slipped his hands to his back, straightening his posture. "This is how the company makes real money. Iara sells raw Life Force to other companies, which also produce addicting products. Those who don't buy it"—Léon gave Roberto a side glance—"don't even have a chance in the market. We control the food market in New Continent, Roberto. That's what we do."

real control Roberto shook his head. "And you k-kill... you kill people for that? I never thought...!"

kill For a long and tense moment, Léon did nothing but to stare at Roberto with a somber expression on his face.

Then, Satina burst into laughter.

"Holy shit!" She cackled. "His face! Leo, did you see his face? Shit!" As she laughed, a side smile curled Léon's lips. Satina slapped a hand on her thigh. "If I thought you'd be this shocked, I'd have told you before coming here." She collected an imaginary tear. "Better yet, I'd have recorded it!"

As Satina's laughs continued, Rob frowned.

Mary patted Rob's shoulder and chuckled. "Don't be ridiculous, deary-Beary, we don't kill people. What's the profit in that?"

Léon raised his voice. "People get—Tiny, stop laughing!"

"Oh, I can't... I can't!" Satina doubled over the handrail around the platform.

Rob lowered his eyes. He cringed, the tips of his fingers massaging his forehead and hiding part of his face. His voice came a tad stronger than before. "Can you bloody tell me what happens with the workers, then?"

"Look." Léon pinched the bridge of his nose. "People get tired, but they don't die. They just lose some of their personality."

" Just?" Rob echoed.

Just?" "That's not a big deal." Satina still had laughter in her words and a smile in her lips. "I mean, the world is full of nobodies, anyway. We lose nothing when a handful of dipshits become soulless." A crease formed between Rob's eyebrows. Satina rolled her eyes and said, "Soulless. People who give too much Life Force to something they don't believe in. They kind of lose their essence, which is a totally natural thing as people grow old. This used to happen even before the frozen derelicts in the Arctic changed us. We all lose Life Force when we disconnect from our true selves and turn away from who we are."

"The difference," Léon said, "is that Iara came up with this tech thing that collects the Life Force people waste. And then, she transforms it into matter. Energy. Cogito, ergo sum —but in a more practical way, paying the bills and all that."

Cogito, ergo sum "And flowing through tubes," Mary added, wiggling her fingers.

Satina chuckled. When she looked back at Roberto, her face hardened. "Don't take it too seriously, dickhead. After some time, you won't even think about it anymore." She shrugged. "It's easy to ignore what you don't see."

Rob schooled his expression and took a step back.

What the hell was wrong with them?

What the hell was wrong with them?

"Is it enough for today?" Satina asked. Her tone was playful, her smile cruel.

Rob bobbed his head.

Could he really ignore all this? Could he stomach what Satina said? His innards churned. Maybe he wasn't all that prepared after all.

"Good." Satina pulled a lollipop from her shirt's pocket. She glanced at the sky behind her and pointed at the dying sun. "We'll have a lot to tell you tomorrow. We'll all dine together, share a drink, then us three," she said, pointing a finger from her to Léon, and Mary, "will talk and decide how trustworthy you are. Okay? Okay. I'll wait for you back at Invidia."

Rob huffed and clicked his tongue. He should feel lucky his informant was clever enough to act when she did. Smart enough to give him just the right set of information and tools, and to fool even the mighty Iara Bùlgarus-Cumin, pretending she didn't know him.

He took a deep, calming breath. His morals would be scratched, of course—he had been raised to be a bloody hero, after all, like Rafa and Brash—but he would never stray too much from his path. Another deep breath. That's right. Be strong, Roberto. Follow the plan.

never Be strong, Roberto. Follow the plan. "See you soon." Satina sashayed away, her heavy boots pummeling the platform's rusty floor.

As she walked towards the elevator, Rob loosed his fists. He took another deep breath, and then an even deeper one, awaking a specific tattoo on his chest. The green glimmer from his tattoo was hidden beneath the thick fabric of his hoodie.

Rob opened his eyes. First part of the plan: discover how deep Léon and those around him had plunged into evilry.

He looked at Satina. She smelled like mango and paprika. Like anguish and solitude. Like the lone teenager who lost something precious to someone who ran away.

"Wait, I'll go too!" Mary rushed, entering the elevator.

Weird. Rob couldn't catch her scent. He felt emptiness. A massive, overwhelming void... or the confusing accrual of a great many things.

"Léon, you coming?" Satina asked.

Léon stared at her and glanced at Roberto, taking in his expression. He sighed a deep and long sigh. "Go ahead, I want to talk to him."

Satina nodded. The elevator doors closed, and the silence returned.

Another crow, then dozens of them, cut the orange sky. Ugly masses of exposed flesh boiled on their bodies in the places where the radiation had started to eat them, but these were smart enough to steer away from the transparent shield. This world was fucked up from top to bottom, and only now Rob was really starting to see that.

now "Roberto?"

Léon walked back to the glass protecting the platform and leaned against it, shoving his hands into his pockets. The sunlight painted his long brown braid with a soft golden contour. His olive skin and thick dark eyebrows made his white, dead eye stand out even more while his pouty lips, only shades darker than his skin, almost disappeared. He pushed a wavy lock behind his ear, then raised his gaze.

"You know, I always wanted to hear what happened to your partner." His voice was raspy and haunting, even if his tone was not at all deep. His eyes were heavy and magnetic, pulling Rob's with the same force they always had. "Tell me the story."

Rob sighed. He knew they would ask about The Gunslinger eventually, but not that fast. Rob took in a deep breath and rested an elbow on the handrail, fiddling with the sleeves of his hoodie. His eyes rolled down. "There's no story. He died."

that With a nod, Léon hummed. "Want to know what I think?" His voice lowered. "That you're like any villain. You thirst for absolute control and obedience, and when you don't receive it; when you're not respected as you think you should..." He made an explosion sound, his fingers pretending to be a crescent mushroom cloud. "You destroy it. Is that what happened? Did you blow him to pieces?"

Rob's stomach flipped, churning with anger and pain. He pushed the bloody images to the back of his mind. "No. I'd never ." Rob balled his hands. He should've been used to that by now—having Antônio's fate pinned on his back. Still, having Léon saying it... having Léon think he'd kill a person like that...!

never Léon Léon "Well, I don't really care, to be honest." Léon's cold tone contrasted with the volcano inside Rob's chest. "But that's not gonna happen with my people. Hurt one of those two, and I'll kill you myself." He leaned in. " Sacou?"

Sacou?" Rob nodded, his lips pursed tight.

"Good." Léon's tone smoothed. "Be a good boy, and you won't have to worry."

Rob took in another deep breath. Leo's perfume was multi-layered. It had a spicy, wooden oak scent with an oriental touch and a human, natural, warm layer underneath. Masculine, he would say. With well-hidden frailty. He also smelled confusion and pain and fear. Lots of it. But those eyes... those eyes showed nothing but solitude.

Rob breathed in again... there was something else there.

Mayor Brash had always told Roberto that people from the Old Continent—people like Léon and Satina, who lived near the coast—were weakened by the atomic bombs' radiation. Still, Rob could feel the power inside Léon. It reached out to him and brushed its ethereal fingers on his goosebump-covered skin.

Caged. Your power is caged.

Caged. Your power is caged. Léon took a step forward, and his gaze sharpened. "Will you be a good boy, Roberto?" He placed a hand on Rob's shoulder.

That touch... it felt so good. Rob swallowed and cut the effect of his power, trying to control his heartbeat. "Yes."

His fingers slid from Rob's shoulder, and Léon took a step back, whispering, "Are you a wolf in sheep's clothing, I wonder."

Shaking his head, Rob raised his chin. "I'm a bear. Not a wolf."

Léon smirked. He crossed his arms and bumped past Rob, walking towards the elevator with a perfectly straight posture. Not a moment later, the doors opened.

"That's what we're gonna see. I'm hungry. C'mon in, let's go back."

--- A/N ---

--- A/N --- Hey, you! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! ♥

Hey, you! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! Thank you for reading!

Thank you for reading!





five: A Good boy




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. — Léon —



— Léon — — Léon —



Cafeteria was written in capital letters on a dark screen outside. Inside, the room was occupied by cheerful twenty-somethings spread among four large dining tables. Each table had thin lines of gold that spread to form vein-like layers on the black marble tabletops. In the center of the room, a holoprojector printed a distant beach that reflected on the dark floor to give the place a dreamy atmosphere. Seagulls squawked through hidden sound boxes, accompanied by the soft sound of waves crashing and the breeze blowing through Palm leaves.

Cafeteria "And what did he say?" Satina placed her cutlery beside her plate and sat down. One of the sides of her hoodie had slid off to show her shoulder. The tattoo on it was a thin, black rhombus. A hand stretched out of it and delicate lines connected the tips of its finger to a detailed brain. "You know how strong he can get with all the tats. I need to know if he'll be a problem."

Sitting across from her, Mary sighed, supporting her chin on her palm. With her other hand, she held a golden fork wrapped with fettuccine. "Look at him. He's so lost."

A few meters away, Roberto walked back and forth around the buffet table, a wide smile on his lips. His plate was about three times the size of any man's in the cafeteria.

"I'm sure he's ok, Mary," Léon said with a chuckle.

"Hey. What did he say ?" Satina insisted.

What did he say Léon swallowed another spoonful of pea soup, cleaned his lips, and sighed. "He seems legit about joining us. More or less." His face hardened as he placed his napkin back on the table. "Evaded my questions like a champ, though, so I had to make a threat or two."

Truth be told, that story about being a bear, not a wolf , has stroked a wrong cord inside Léon. His guts told him Roberto was hiding something... and he knew who could squeeze some answers out of him.

bear, not a wolf "You should speak to him," Léon whispered to Satina. "With... you know." He gestured towards her tattoo.

speak Not saying a word, Satina lowered her eyes and pulled the hoodie up, covering her shoulder again.

"Are you sure he's the real Grizzly Bear?" Mary bounced in her seat and leaned over the table. "Maybe he's a fake! I mean, he doesn't even look like Grizzly Bear." She narrowed her eyes and whispered, "I've seen him on the news. He doesn't have a beard."

look Léon chuckled and eyed Roberto. Léon's gym clothes looked immense in him, but they were as tight as lycra on Rob's body, gripping his muscles—every single one of them—like a vacuum packaging. What a great time to be alive. He bit his lower lip, his eyes resting on one very specific curve.

"Nah. I'm pretty sure it's really him." Léon shifted on his chair, trying, and failing, to hold back a smirk. "I bet he doesn't even need chair pads with an ass like that."



Satina and Mary didn't even have time to laugh. "Oi! Warp!" someone called in a strong voice.

The trio paused and turned around to watch a man walk their way. A tall man with short, dirty-blond hair and intense dark eyebrows as wild as the look in his green eyes. When he smiled, the light caught the smiley piercing between his thin lips.

Lips he knew all too well.

The newcomer walked the few meters to their table and spread both his hands on the marble. He had a charming, venomous smirk pulled between his freckle-peppered cheeks. "Saw your name in the Training Grounds schedule today." He cleaned the corner of Léon's mouth with a thumb and licked it.

It was so fast, Léon barely had time to react. The tips of his ears burned. "Yeah. I put it there."

"Hm." His smirk deepened. "You got eight to ten tonight. It's a good time, uh?"

Léon sighed. He knew what was coming. "Yes, it is."

Saying Red Menace was his least favorite super villain was an understatement. Saying he was the Devil Incarnate was, too.

"Listen, I'll need to hit the gym earlier tonight—got a mission tomorrow morning, ranked as a twelve-point-eight." Red glanced at Satina and then back at Léon. "You lot mind swapping with me? I got..." He checked his fingernails and smirked. "Two AM to four AM."

Léon grimaced, running a hand across his face. Being the last one in the ranks came with a lot of disadvantages. This was one of them.

Red straightened his back and rested his hands on his waist. "What, Warpie? You don't want to?"

Not really. "Whatever, Red."

Not really. "You sure you don't mind?" Red's smiled seemed almost sweet. And fake, too. "Isn't it asking too much?"

almost Red Menace surely didn't care about the fucking training, he just enjoyed seeing people bend before him. In more than one way. Léon knew he wouldn't leave until he had heard what he wanted so he gave it to him.

"Yes, I'm sure," Léon said in a deadpan tone. "In fact, I prefer that shitty-ass time you have. What do I need sleep for, anyway?"

prefer Red opened a wide smile and rested a heavy hand on Léon's shoulder. As they had always been, his hands were warm. "Great. You swap the times in the roster, then, so when I—" but he couldn't complete his phrase.

"Mate, this is... this is like Secondary school all over again!" Roberto placed his tray down beside Mary and sat down. Simple like that, all the tension disappeared.

Satina glanced at his plate, compared it with hers, and opened a satisfied smile. Hers was still bigger.

"I'm so glad you don't serve nutritional paste. Look at this! It's cheese! " He grinned and looked around. "Where can I get ketchup?"

cheese! "Did you mean High School ?" Red asked, raising an eyebrow.

High School Only then did Roberto raise his eyes. "I s'pose? Whatever you call it this side of the continent."

"Right. The rumors are true, then. You have a new friend ." Red savored the word and scoffed. "Good for you—maybe with an additional pair of hands you kids will manage to leave the bottom." He narrowed his eyes, moving them from Roberto to Léon. "Well, maybe not you, Warp."

friend "Very funny," Léon answered, furrowing his brows.

Red guffawed.

"I didn't get it," Mary whispered to Satina.

"The bottom ," Satina mouthed, smirking.

bottom "Oh!" Mary chuckled.

Red winked. "Well, nice to talk to you, kids." His grip tightened on Léon's shoulder. "Maybe we can train together again." His hand slid from one shoulder to another, pulling him closer. "What do you think, Legend ? The two of us?" He barely held back a snicker, his eyes set on Roberto's furrowed brows.

Legend Léon shrank his shoulder and pushed Red's hand away. "Yeah. Sure ."

Sure Red patted Leo's back with strong smacks. " Good boy. That's what I like to hear." He grazed his teeth over his lower lip and moved his eyes to Roberto. Red stood there for a moment, eyebrows raised in a challenge. When Roberto lowered his eyes, Red walked away, his smirk widening into a satisfied smile.

Good boy. "Who's the bloke?" Roberto placed his fork down.

"Red Menace. Second in the Rankings," Mary answered. "I don't like him. We used to be in the same team, but he never understood my artistic soul."

Roberto scratched his nape, leaning back in his chair. " Hmm. I should've recognized him. Bloke's a total beast in a fight, took me a few hours to catch him last time we met in the streets. I know his face from somewhere , though." Roberto's face hardened again. "But why was he bothering you?"

Hmm. somewhere "You better get used to things like that." Léon pulled his long braid and caressed it. "Invidia encourages us to own our ranks. The result is this kind of stupidity. If he tells Anachronica I refused to help and that it interfered somehow with his mission results, it'll be mine on the line."

encourages Roberto took a swig of his apple juice, staring at Léon. His eyes were sharp and his tone was filled with a mysterious meaning when he asked, "What about Legend ? Why did he call you that?"

Legend Mary and Satina exchanged a look. The first moved her eyes to the digital beach while the latter sighed, supporting her chin on the palm of her hand.

"Cause he's a bastard who keeps reminding me why you shouldn't tell anyone about your past. Trust people first." Léon closed his eyes. He took a deep breath, crossing his arms and punctuating the conversation. "Now eat. Parfait suggested playing Trivia after dinner, to assess how much you know about things. I think it's a good idea... If you're going to be a villain, you need to study."

anyone Roberto grunted.

Satina jerked a thumb towards Red Menace. "Hey... Bear? You didn't like him, did you?"

"No," was Rob's blunt answer.

Satina scoffed. "Huh. Good. It seems you're not a complete imbecile."

***

*** Hi! I need your help. :3

Hi! I need your help. :3 I'm often wondering if my pace is too slow, if the story is interesting, and if my scenes are causing the impact I want. Would you like to help me? :) Just leave a short comment in your favorite part of the chapter, or tell me if the story is going too slow. I guarantee this will make this writer's world a better place! haha ♥

I'm often wondering if my pace is too slow, if the story is interesting, and if my scenes are causing the impact I want. Would you like to help me? :) Just leave a short comment in your favorite part of the chapter, or tell me if the story is going too slow. I guarantee this will make this writer's world a better place! haha Thanks for reading and if you liked the chapter, please vote ♥♥♥

Thanks for reading and if you liked the chapter, please vote x Ligia

x Ligia





six: Villain Trivia


— Léon —



— Léon — — Léon —

Later that night, the breakroom was empty, and their glasses full. Satina tried to balance her hot chocolate mug while she threw her cards on the table. "I take back what I said, Roberto. You're a complete imbecile and a terrible partner!"

Satina growled; as much as he tried, Léon couldn't hold back a laugh.

He raised the card in his hand. "Your answer is wrong . The Mayor started to build New Continent in 2027 after the whole world almost exploded. In 2030 people were still moving here." He chuckled and placed his last card on the table. "You used to work with the man, Roberto. How could you not know something like this?"

wrong 2030 Mary squealed and slapped the yellow button on the board to increase her and Léon's score. "Nineteen to Sweetie Peas versus eight to Sad Bears!" She mocked a sad expression.

When they started playing, Léon never imagined Rob would know so little about everything in New Continent. If he had known that, Léon would've given him a history class instead.

everything Roberto's cheeks flushed. "I forgot it, okay? Blimey. In 27, I was..." He furrowed his brow and counted on his fingers. " Five years old. I had just begun my intensive training for the Heroic League, so don't expect me to remember something like that."

Five just Satina choked on her hot chocolate. "Intensive training? At five ?"

five "I also learned the basics of history." Roberto massaged his chin. "Like the atomic chaos that left the world in the state it is now and how Atomic Girl sacrificed herself to save us. That sort of thing."

"Well, at least you know the bare minimum," Satina muttered. "That should earn our team a few points."

Mary snatched Satina's fingers and squinted. "No."

"I know way more than my answers let on. That thing is rigged!" Roberto jerked an index finger towards the trivia board. "And I don't see why I'd need to know those things."

Satina clicked her tongue and pulled her hand back. "Well, did you know Atomic Girl's real identity was Josephine Chie Liu? And did you know her trace was actually elasticity, not super strength, as some people say? And did you know she was Iara's protege, which means Iara helped to save the world once?"

real identity actually Iara "Oh, oh, me!" Mary raised a hand while the other rested on her breastbone. "And did you know little ol' me was the first baby ever born in New Continent? And that my Daddy alone invested a fortune in it?"

Roberto furrowed and raised his eyebrows several times until his face cemented in a blank expression. "I... had no idea."

Satina nodded. "A lot of people invested in New Continent's construction. A fucking continent in the middle of the ocean doesn't build itself, you know. Iara helped with that too. I think Invidia invested around 30% of the total value."

continent "33%," Léon corrected.

"So she's..." Roberto scoffed. "What? Good?"

"This is an odd adjective for her." Léon pushed a lock of hair behind his ear. "For most people, she's the best thing that happened to New Continent after The Mayor. She's the CEO of a powerful megacorp, has lots of social programs, charities, etc. But you have to remember she's also the leader of a secretive group of villains—and we are the only ones who know what she really is."

"Which is...?"

"A businesswoman," Satina said. She rolled her eyes. "C'mon, man, think. You can't earn money on a destroyed planet, can you?"



"There's a lot we don't know either, but... Roberto." Léon leaned in and looked for his eyes. "When The Mayor united all the continents under the Heroic League, and the construction of NC began, we all left Old Continent to the cockroaches. This "—he raised the cards—"is what he used to convince everyone that leaving billions of people with barely enough to survive was the best choice. Why do you think most supers live in New Continent?"

we This "Your ex-boss, mentor, or whatever he is to you, is one of the most charismatic and intelligent fuckers this world has ever seen." Satina propped her chin on the palm of her hand and smiled. "He's way too correct for my taste, but I respect the old man. And I bet you do too."

Roberto's eyebrows knitted together; his breathing quickened.

Léon took the cards Satina had thrown on the table, plus the ones spread around the board. He created a perfect pile with them and placed it on Rob's palm. "Here. Knowing your history is the best way to avoid the same mistakes... or to take advantage of them, in our case." Distasteful words, Léon knew that. But that was the truth.

best Roberto stared at the cards. His jaw tightened. After a deep breath, he reached out and took them.

"Hey, Robbie-Bear. Watch that new action movie, I, Werevampire-wolf death machine nine thousand, part seven . You'll see that avoid-the-same-mistakes thingie perfectly well," Mary said.

I, Werevampire-wolf death machine nine thousand, part seven "Oh, mate, I love that movie!" Rob said, sitting up. "The part where Azziz discovered he was a half-breed vampire-robot and that he and his alfa-mate couldn't be together until he unlocked the Death Machine power to save his people and activate the werewolf mark! Sheesh, that spoke to me."

spoke "Seriously?" Leo said. "We're spilling our guts about our real history here, and you're talking about an action movie?"

real Mary nodded, eyes closed. "I know what you mean. He was dealing with the coldness of a new reality, new responsibilities, and the prejudice of the vampire-robot clan, all the while facing his internal monsters and his clan's mistakes." Mary stopped and raised her eyebrows, staring at Léon. "Much like our Bear, Leo."

Léon pinched the bridge of his nose. "I can't believe it."

Mary shrugged. "It was a success of public and critics. You have to watch it someday."

"And it's actually pretty good," Satina added. "Very romantic."

Rob and Mary stared at her.

"For an action movie!" Satina said, shifting in her seat. "Goddess, what's so wrong with a little romance?"

"Oh, look!" Mary said, pointing at the holotelly. "Speaking of The Mayo-naise..."

Satina smiled. "Grab your hololenses, quick! And raise the volume."

It was close to nine, and the window-screens covering the walls showed mountains in the dim evening light and a small campfire. In the middle of the room, a tubular holotelevision was tuned into the news channel's flat broadcast. Roberto reached for the pair of glasses on the table. He gave one to Léon, who put his on.

The flat tubular holo screen expanded and took over the entire room.

Léon was now in the middle of a crowd. He and hundreds of people gathered around a platform. On it, a group of people stood proudly.

Mayor Brash was among them.

"Raise the volume," Rob said. Satina did, swiping two fingers upwards.

The news narrator continued, '...Finally showed up this afternoon, after three months missing. The Obliterator, as he's been called since his first appearance in 2045, attended the ceremony alongside The Mayor and Fire Sapphire to offer insight on his time inside the Heroic League headquarters.'

'...Finally showed up this afternoon, after three months missing. The Obliterator, as he's been called since his first appearance in 2045, attended the ceremony alongside The Mayor and Fire Sapphire to offer insight on his time inside the Heroic League headquarters.' "Who's the bloke?" Rob asked. "I don't remember seeing him in the League's HQ."

"He's an Old Continentian, like us," Léon answered. "He's part of the people who arrived after 2040."

" And he was a freelancer." Satina quirked an eyebrow upon seeing Roberto's expression. "Holy shite. What do you heroes do in the Heroic League? You're completely alienated. Freelancers don't have ties with the League nor with Invidia. They're not villains or heroes either, they just work for whoever pays better."

And Rob nodded.

'I have only to thank Mayor Brash for this opportunity,' said The Obliterator in the holoprojection. 'As of now, I'm leaving my old alias behind and embracing a new one: The Sheriff. Mayor Brash's twelve-step de-villainization program changed my life—and I'll now give back to this city all the good he has given me in these past three months.'

'I have only to thank Mayor Brash for this opportunity,' 'As of now, I'm leaving my old alias behind and embracing a new one: The Sheriff. Mayor Brash's twelve-step de-villainization program changed my life—and I'll now give back to this city all the good he has given me in these past three months.' 'Tell us, Sheriff, how was your time in the League's Quarters?' asked one of the reporters.

'Tell us, Sheriff, how was your time in the League's Quarters?' The Sheriff smiled, moving his eyes to The Mayor. 'Enlightening. I trained under Grizzly Bear and Cicinnurus for a time—'

'Enlightening. I trained under Grizzly Bear and Cicinnurus for a time—' "That's a bloody lie!" Rob growled.

'—then The Mayor himself finished my training,' The Sheriff continued. 'Grizzly Bear and Cicinnurus are now working on a new mission, a more secretive and dangerous one. And while they're gone, I'm in the team of heroes who will take care of New Continent in their place.'

'—then The Mayor himself finished my training,' 'Grizzly Bear and Cicinnurus are now working on a new mission, a more secretive and dangerous one. And while they're gone, I'm in the team of heroes who will take care of New Continent in their place.' 'What kind of mission are they on?'

'What kind of mission are they on?' 'I can't say much for their own security. I'm sure you understand how an undercover mission works.'

'I can't say much for their own security. I'm sure you understand how an undercover mission works.' The sound was all too sudden and way too loud to be ignored, even as the reporters laughed.

Satina's whips crackled on the marble floor and wrapped around Bear's wrists. "So you're working undercover, huh?"

--- A/N ---

--- A/N --- Oooooh, boy! 8))

Oooooh, boy! 8)) Hey, you! Thank you so much for reading! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! ♥

Hey, you! Thank you so much for reading! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated!





seven: Mayor Brash


Superhero Brash McCockay, aka The Mayor, loved the perks of working as the head of the world-renowned Heroic League. TV appearances, hindering evil schemes, stopping explosions—he had everything a hero could dream of. But, alas, not a single latte machine.

"Celena!" he called.

Brash was sitting at a crammed desk covered by the message chips that composed his correspondence of the past two years. He was a vision of the bucolic old man trapped far away from his roots, and whose soul was linked to his offspring alone. His shirt, of a thin, cheap linen, was wrinkled and stained, his trousers were old and shabby, and his disheveled white hair fell over his light eyes.

No, his hair was not white. It was gris .

gris He was always given to euphemisms. Sort of.

Brash scratched his beard, taking a deep breath. It was near the end of his shift, and the streetlights invaded the room in thin stripes of yellow, clipped by the window blinds. Along with the lights outside, the bluish luminescence of an eighty-gallon aquarium helped him read the scribbled notes on his notepad. With a huff, he batted the notepad on the table, hitting a pile of chips in the process. When Brash tried to collect them, he bumped on a second and scrambled both piles on his lap.

"Damn it!"

He paused and stared at his desk. Furrowing his brow, he shoved the thousands of message chips to the floor, creating a silver-and-blue cascade of chips over the other side of the table. He only stopped when he could see the old mahogany tabletop again.

"So much garbage." He shouted again, "Celena!"

Brash couldn't understand why some people insisted on sending him physical copies of his mail. He had always thought technology would solve the waste of natural resources and deforestation—but no . Since that stupid Helgach guy had come up with his plastipaper or whatever that crap was called, Mother Nature once again found herself in the middle of baboons who knew nothing about the protection of the Environment.

no plastipaper Because maybe, just maybe, they could let some of the trees be used for what they were designed for: purifying air. But they wouldn't understand... few people really understood that nowadays. He missed his druids...

really It was a pity he had to neutralize most of them.

Brash shook his head. "Celena!" he called again, this time stretching that last A until his office door opened.

"Yes, Mayor?" she said, panting. The woman swallowed the last of her coffee and threw her disposable cup away. While she was at it, she gave the second coffee to the old man and switched the office lights on.

"Thank you." Eyes shut, Brash groped to find his cup lid. He sniffed the jet-black liquid inside and grimaced. "Ugh, smells like sewage. Why can't we have a latte machine, again?"

Celena clasped her hands behind her back. "Because you refuse to buy yet another Invidia low-quality product that will stop working after three darn months of use. Your words, not mine... and for the record, I quite like the taste of our soy coffee."

Brash massaged his chin, a bitter expression on his face.

Celena relaxed. "How's your wound, Pops? Doctor Brinn said you'd be fully recovered in a few weeks, but—"

"Nah." The man brushed the thought away. "I'm fine, cub." He raised his sleeves, showing his burns were almost gone. "Your Pops' as good as new." Celena smiled and opened her lips to answer, but Brash had zero patience for his daughter today. "Let's review my tasks for tomorrow." He took a swig of his coffee and grimaced.



"Oh, I can't believe it." Celena hung her hands on her waist. "What happened here?" She gestured to the chips scattered on the floor. "C'mon, Pops, I had organized everything. By date!"

Brash massaged his temples. Zero patience. Celena's mood was way too much like her mother's. The tall woman squatted and pulled a plastipaper box to stash the message chips. As she did it, Celena brushed her short blond hair behind her ear, and for a moment, it was almost as if looking at an old photograph of his dead wife.

Zero He tried to soften his voice. "Those imbeciles in City Hall don't need to send me chip after chip of our meetings. It's not only a waste but also a breach of security. What if someone gets a hold of them, huh?" He stopped for a new sip while Celena chuckled. Brash grimaced again. "You know what? Burn everything, cub. These permithings are useless. And take this away from me!" He handed her his coffee.

permithings "They're called Personal message and impression recorder chip , Pops. Permir chip. And they store not only your messages but your impressions too. If you thought someone was trying to fool you, for instance, it adds a small neural note. It helps you remember every aspect of your meetings." Celena moved her brown eyes to her father. "And they're encrypted multiple times. There's no way anyone else can access them."

Personal message and impression recorder chip "Tsk. Whatever."

Celena shook her head. "They would've been very handy today, during that interview with The Sheriff. You could've recorded how much of a bad idea it was to talk about Robbie on the news."

"Oh, Celena. Stop pestering me and think . It makes no difference! Robbie is working undercover in a continent that doesn't have access to our newscast."

think Celena gazed at her father. When their eyes met, Brash felt it... he was so much older now. So much bitter. And Celena's eyes, they... they looked harder every time they talked.

Brash massaged his neck. "Eh. Did you get a hold of Robbie? I wish he would come back in time for the party." His face lit up. "How are the preparations, by the way? I want to celebrate your brother's birthday with style this year!"

Celena hesitated. She half-opened her lips, then closed them again. Her gaze moved to the side when she said, "Yes, everything's in order." She glanced at Brash, then rolled her eyes down. "You already know my feelings about this, but..."

"Pup, don't."

"I don't think we should celebrate Antônio's birthday. Instead..."

The Mayor's eyebrows twitched. "Celena, don't you dare ."

dare "We should have a memorial. If we did, maybe you—"

A loud bang interrupted her. The Mayor got up with such impetuosity his chair fell back. He had both hands spread on the tabletop. The tattoos under his shirt flicked, starting to wake up. "I asked you to never say that again. It's an induced coma , and Dr.Brinn said that—"

never induced coma "No, father. You paid Dr.Brinn to say that." Celena tightened her jaw and controlled her voice. "Toni is dead. Dead! Nothing you do can bring him back."

paid Something twisted and tugged at the depths of his stomach, and anger boiled under his skin. Brash's tattoos shone brighter. "Your brother is alive!" He shouted. Brash pummeled a fist against the mahogany, again and again. "Alive, Celena. Alive. Alive!"

When he stopped, panting, his bloodied fist was halfway through the now-broken tabletop, splinters of wood stuck in his flesh.

Outside, through the opened blinds separating his office and the rest of the Heroic League's headquarters, other heroes and part of the staff stared at him. Brash pursed his lips and blinked several times. Never before had he snapped like that outside his home.

Shite.

Shite. He shouldn't do that in front of others... They wouldn't understand .

understand He flicked his gaze to his daughter. For a long moment, Brash chewed on the silence, swallowing his anger until his red tattoos dimmed back to normal. He breathed in and out and tugged at his fist, releasing it from the broken wood. Brash moved his hands behind his back and raised his chin. His voice was filled with regret when he said, "I'm sorry, pup."

Celena nodded, her expression unchanged. Perhaps, The Mayor thought, she was used to it already.

What a bloody grim notion.

bloody "Should I call Dr. Brinn?"

"That won't be necessary. If you have anything else to say, please do. Then go home, you need some rest." He picked up his chair and let out a deep sigh. His hand was starting to hurt now.

Celena nodded and adjusted the blue tie in her yellow pantsuit. "We can't contact Robbie."

Brash frowned. " What? " When his tattoos threatened to light up again, he forced a gush of air in, then out. "Explain," he said in a stern tone.

What? "It's weird, actually. His phone is dead, but Toni's bugs still work. We can't pinpoint his location, but we're sure he's in New Continent."

He growled. Brash scanned the room, walked towards a digital frame, and brought it closer to his eyes. He brushed his thumb over the smiling face of Roberto Tapir sitting beside Antônio in their engagement party.

Rob was good and wanted to protect the people of New Continent—that's why he and Brash were always so close when he was a boy. But... he had been acting weird since their last conversation.

good had No. No, he would never betray him. Rob understood his reasons. He was his son in law!

never They were family.

family. Brash swallowed hard and clenched the frame with such force, the digital photo warped and blurred until the thin glass finally broke.

"Someone captured my boy." He raised his eyes and growled. "Prepare a team, Celena. Find him. I want him back."

--- A/N ---

--- A/N --- Hey, you! Thank you so much for reading! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! ♥

Hey, you! Thank you so much for reading! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! Also, I'd like to thank the Heroic help of all members of the amazing Rebel_Town . I've never learned so much about grammar and great writing! Their feedback in my book is invaluable and their books are simply fantastic, it's always a pleasure to read them!

Also, I'd like to thank the Heroic help of all members of the amazing Rebel_Town . I've never learned so much about grammar and great writing! Their feedback in my book is invaluable and their books are simply fantastic, it's always a pleasure to read them! Heroic Rebel_Town I'm 100% positive I'll continue to learn and improve thanks to them, so make sure to go give them some love! :)

I'm 100% positive I'll continue to learn and improve thanks to them, so make sure to go give them some love! :)





eight: I'll talk


—Roberto—

—Roberto— —Roberto— "No! That was a lie." Roberto straightened his posture, but Satina tugged at her whips again, almost forcing him to his knees. He growled. "Back down, Satina. You're no match for me." He took the hololens off and threw them aside.

Mary and Léon raised as well. "But she's not alone," the latter said. "And you're in our fucking HQ, with a dozen villains around. You are no match for us."

You "Go on, Grizzly snake . Spit it out," Satina said, narrowing her eyes.

snake Rob huffed. The spikes at the tip of Satina's whips bit his wrists, making a thin crimson line of blood run through fingers. "What do you want me to say?" he barked. "He bloody lied! The Mayor lied ." Rob was panting. His lips trembled, his face darkened, and he roared as his tattoos shone. Rob twisted his hands to grip Satina's whips. "Listen to me." He tugged. "I can't tell you everything, but I promise I don't want to hurt you."

lied can't "Shit!" Satina leaned back and dug her weight on her heels. The soles of her sneakers screeched against the polished floor of the waiting room. "Shit, shit, shit. He's strong." She moved her eyes to a smiling Mary. "A little help here?"

Mary's smile broadened, and she thrust a hand into her pockets, pulling a small golden marble from it. "Let him go." Satina obeyed, falling on her behind—and once Rob recovered his balance, Mary flung the marble to him. "Catch!"

Rob tried to slap the marble away, but it popped and dissolved into a golden vapor that covered his face. With a dull thud, he fell unconscious on the floor.

When he woke up, his head felt like a bell at lunchtime. Roberto half-opened his eyes, and the sudden light pierced through. The pungent smell of roses and part of the gold glitter was still stuck on his hoodie and face. His head, throat, and chest throbbed as his breath grated his insides, hot and uncomfortable.

Rob blinked once. Twice. Slowly, his blurred vision went back to focus as voices became clearer. He was in the middle of a handball court. Mary and Léon ran around it, using their powers to steal the ball from each other and shoot at the goal where Satina stood like a warrior.

A dark-purple and violet tiger pounced on Mary, making her squeal and giggle. Léon took the ball from her hands and prepared to run, but he toppled forward, and a loud, metallic something hit the floor.

"Aw, Mary, c' mon. That's not fair!" Léon's voice was distant, muffled as if coming from inside an aquarium. "Tiny, she transformed the ball in a lump of gold! My fingers were almost smashed under this shit. I can't... ugh. I can't even lift it!"

Mary laughed, pushing the tiger aside. "It's not real gold, Leleo."

real Rob tried to rub his eyes and needed a moment to understand why his hands wouldn't obey. He was kneeling, hands cuffed behind his back.

"What's with you villains and your mania to tie me up?" Rob's voice was husky and weak. And was also ignored.

Perhaps he could break free. He wouldn't even need to use his powers this time. Whatever material they had used to tie his wrists, it would break with the smallest infusion of his tattoos' powers...

"Stop whining, Leo. You can't expect your enemies to go soft on you," Satina shouted from the goal.

... Once free, he would just need to be discreet enough. He could subdue Léon or Satina and then bargain with them.

Léon glared at Satina, pursing his lips. Then, his eyes widened and snapped to his right, meeting Roberto's gaze.

Shite.

Shite.

"He's awake," Léon said. "Be careful."

Roberto took a deep breath, concentrating his energy in the tattoos covering his arms. He still had time. If he could break free and make them listen, perhaps—

"It's useless," a new voice said. The voice of a woman. "They are skilled at tying people up but terrible at listening to them." It was clear and gentle, with heavy Old Continentian Rs. Accompanying the voice, a massive, hairy, cold something pressed against his thigh. Rob almost screamed when a white-purple tiger entered his field of vision. Like a cat, the ethereal animal rubbed against his thighs, arms, and back, pushing a big snout against his neck.

something It was Bonee, Léon's tigress. Bloody hell, she was so much bigger now! But... definitely weaker, too.

definitely " Hmmmrrr. You smell like betrayal," the tigress said. "And wet soil in the springtime. I recognize the scent... I like it." She purred. The ethereal creature smeared, cold, against his goosebump-covered skin and condensed to purple smoke. It spiraled towards Léon and slipped through the translucent curtains hung at his side. With a flourish of his hand, the curtains disappeared.

Hmmmrrr. Léon had reached Roberto by then. He wore a frown, his lips pursed tight. "You've seen my tigers." He leveled their eyes. "If you're not honest, I'll have them eat you."

Rob chuckled. "Your tigress might disobey. She said she liked how I smell."

Léon frowned, straightening his posture. His lips parted, words about to come out when "This is definitely not a compliment, dipshit," Satina said, joining them. "You have a lot to explain."

a lot Of course something like this would happen on his first day. Rob let out a long, deep sigh while Mary, too, approached them.

"What was The Mayor talking about in the telly?" Satina poked Rob's head until he looked at her. "In which secret mission you're on? You said he was lying. Why would he? What happened between you and your Superhero friends? What are you after? And what did you tell Iara to make her accept you?"

"Too many questions for way too many stars around my head," Rob answered.

way Satina tightened her hold on her whips. She huffed and exchanged a gaze with Léon. The way Léon looked at her seemed to mean something because Satina clicked her tongue and her shoulders slumped in defeat.

mean "All right," she said in a lower voice. Satina closed her eyes, and when they opened again, a blue glimmer danced inside her irides. She closed her hoodie, pulling the zipper up to her chin, and then kneeled in front of Rob. "We started off on the wrong foot, Robbie."

Her nectar-covered voice slid into his ears and stirred something inside him. Like eating a spoonful of honey, a weird sugar rush clawed at his chest. She was trying to make him trust her. She was trying to build a connection between them.

As much as she tried, he wouldn't give her a contract .

contract Rafa and Brash had taught him how to defend himself from the psionic trace. He focused on the tattoo at his nape and awakened it. Using its power, Rob imagined a crown of thorns growing around his head. The more Satina spoke, the longer the thorns became, and the deeper they pierced his skin.

Satina smirked. "I know what you're doing," she whispered. "It won't work for long, I can see you're tired." She patted his shoulder. "Fun fact: Brash's Heroic League owns 37% of all farms in New Continent. That's how they pay for their safety campaigns and how they keep power. They sell it too, Roberto. Life force."

safety campaigns Rob's shoulders fell, and his chest caved in. That was wrong . That was a lie !

wrong lie "Wanna know the difference between them and us?" Satina's voice was filled with satisfaction. "First, Iara is not fooling anyone here. We know what happens in Invidia. Second, they make double the Life Force we do. They drill it out . That's why being a civil servant is such a shitty thing in New Continent."

double drill it out

"I don't believe you." Rob tried to steel his words, but they sounded shaky and breathless. As much as he tried to keep the thorn crown, it dissolved as his thoughts drifted away.

Satina stepped closer and whispered, "You know I'm not lying."

Something inside Rob's mind grew heavy, making it impossible to think. "No."

"We're co-workers now, Rob." Satina entered his field of view, locking their eyes. "We have to trust each other, don't you think?"

Rob's voice and the word it created escaped from his lips before he could think again. "Yes," he blurted out. His throat burned.

"Good. You'll tell me what I want to know, won't you? Without lying?"

Satina Hamman. Bureau Assassin . The little intel he had gathered on her said an agreement with her could be as dangerous as the bite of her whips, but he never believed it. A weak villain like her could never subdue his mind, he had thought.

Bureau Assassin his "Yes. Without lying," Rob said. He had made a big mistake.

Satina smiled, and her fingers shimmered a light blue glow, enveloped in her power. Her shoulders trembled. She coughed, small drops of blood spilling through her lips. Between her fingers, a piece of paper the size of a business card materialized. The contract. With a snap of her fingers, the weight in his head disappeared.

"Well, that was easy." Satina pocketed the card, cleaning her lips on her sleeve.

Rob shook his head, trying to brush aside the thin layer of pain that still resided on it.

"Let's begin. Why are you here?" Satina asked.

"To join you."

She rolled her eyes. "You said that already. I want specifics. What do you want ?"

want "To become a villain."

She grunted. "Why?"

"Because"—Rob tried to stop himself, but couldn't—"that's the only way I'll have my sister back." Something bitter crawled up his throat, burning the back of his mouth.

Satina seemed unimpressed, and hers was the only face he could see in the room. "Explain what the Mayor said on the holotelly. Why did he lie about you?"

Rob scoffed. "I have no bloody idea what he was talking about. I didn' even know the Sheriff bloke was inside the League. I left around three weeks ago. I told Brash I was going to Old Continent, to try and recover some of my heritage. To connect with my sister's spirit ." His lips trembled, and he took a deep breath before continuing. "All I know is that Brash lied. Cicinnurus and I never trained Sheriff. Cicinnurus isn't even part of the League anymore."

Sheriff spirit Satina furrowed her brows. "But The Mayor talks about her all the time on the news."

His breathing caught in his throat, and Rob sustained Satina's piercing gaze. "To keep up appearances, no doubt. Today, he sure lied for the same reason." His jaw tightened. Léon was right—he should start watching the news.

"Why did you chose us , specifically?"

us Rob forced out a chuckle. His throat and his eyes burned. "Because I needed to stay, and a group was my only option." His voice grew huskier. His words were dry, burning sand in a desert. "And because I saw you three in action once... and... you're pretty awful." It was like a handful of needles had been pushed down his throat. "I thought... I wouldn't need to make an effort... a-around you three."

Satina furrowed her eyebrows, fishing the card in her pocket. The blue shimmering darkened. "You're lying, dipshit." She held it in front of the man. "I want the truth!" Satina bent the card between her fingers. "Needling words hurt just as much as your lie," she whispered.

Bloody hell, the pain! Words, sharp like daggers, scraped his grey matter, grating his skull from inside.

Bloody hell, the pain! "The truth. Now!" Satina shouted.

"Because..." He huffed, coughed, grunted. "Because Léon... helped me once." Rob breathed out. Shit. Shit! He shouldn't have said that. He shouldn't have!

Shit! "Keep talking," Satina said. Her eyebrows were raised, her arms dangling beside her thighs.

Iara should use Satina as her interrogator.

Satina "I was hoping..." Rob raised his eyes. A lone tear ran down his cheek. "I was hoping you would help me again, Léon. But you... don't seem to remember me."

--- A/N ---

--- A/N --- So, Rob and Léon, uh? How do you think they met? And what about Rob's sister? What happened to her? O:



So, Rob and Léon, uh? How do you think they met? And what about Rob's sister? What happened to her? O:



Thank you so much for reading! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! ♥

Thank you so much for reading! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote! ;) Your help is *always* super appreciated! If you're enjoying this story and if you think one of your friends might like it too, please share it with them!

If you're enjoying this story and if you think one of your friends might like it too, please share it with them! ***

This chapter is dedicated to one of my favorite writers both in wattpad and outside of it. CocoNichole is a fantastic writer and an artist I deeply respect and cheer for... because of it, it's always a huge honor for me to see her reading and commenting on my stories.

This chapter is dedicated to one of my favorite writers both in wattpad and outside of it. CocoNichole is a fantastic writer and an artist I deeply respect and cheer for... because of it, it's always a huge honor for me to see her reading and commenting on my stories. CocoNichole Thank you so much, Coco, you brighten my days! :D

Thank you so much, Coco, you brighten my days! :D And if you don't know Coco's stories yet, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? Go check them out right now! ♥♥♥

And if you don't know Coco's stories yet, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? Go check them out right now!





nine: Marks on your skin


—Léon—

—Léon— —Léon— There was silence in the training grounds.

Satina left Rob's luck in Léon's hands and left to take Mary home. Alone with him, Léon stepped forward and knelt behind Roberto, studying his back.

Rob seemed so solid before. Like a wall or a shield, compressed into his frame as if made of muscles and nothing else. But now, his lowered head, his clenched fingers, and his slumped shoulders changed that. As he breathed in, and sometimes painfully—as his trembly chest accused—muscles and bones moved under his skin. As he breathed out, and sometimes angrily—as his furrowed brow accused—sweat ran down his neck and warmth radiated from his skin.

He seemed real... and broken.

Léon spread his fingers in the middle of Rob's back, feeling his pain and anger at each new breath. He felt every movement under the black hoodie and felt terrible for what he was about to do.

Rob raised his eyes and peered over his shoulder.

"You're right. I don't remember you." Léon's index finger brushed over one of the tattoos on Rob's arms. Something glinted in his eyes, so Léon moved his hands towards the golden rope around his wrists. "I wish I did, but..." He trailed off. "There's a big chunk of my past I can't remember. You included."

A muscle twitched at the corner of Rob's lips, and Léon wasn't sure if that was anger, relief, or something else. "Do you know what happened?"

Léon shrugged. "Amma and Satina said it was an accident. There was a natural disaster in the town we lived in, back in Old Continent. We were trying to escape. I hit my head."

Rob faced forward, hiding his expression. "That's awful."

"Yeah, well. We still lived there for some years, until my uncle Marco got us a spot in NC." Léon cleared his throat. "But what matters is what happens with you."

"You'll take me for hashbrowns and golden ale, I hope."

Léon's lips curled in a tiny smile as he freed Rob. "No. I'll just believe you... for now." Léon got up and circled the other man to look him in the eyes. Was it weird to say he respected him? If little Pipo was missing, he'd do anything to find him. "But we can't help to find your sister. This is a job, not a charity center. You'll have to work if you want to stay."

Rob pulled his arms to his chest and massaged the redness across his wrists. He lowered his eyes and munched on those words until he seemed ready to swallow. "All right." Rob let out a deep sigh. He had just raised to his feet when his expression twisted into a grimace. He swallowed hard, and his knees almost buckled, but a firm hand gripped his arm. Léon's hand.

"This happens less often as you forget about your wounds," Léon said. "Your brain is sore, not your leg. Well, not literally. But you get the idea."

Rob raised his eyes. Léon met the deep brown in his gaze.

"You were always this serious, you know." Rob rested a hand over Léon's. "Sarcastic, too. Bitter, sometimes." His voice was low, darkened by barely-hidden pain. "But you were always a good person."

always Something cold stirred inside Léon's stomach. He gulped, feeling the tension build on his shoulders, and his chest tighten. If they knew each other, as Rob had said, it must've been when they were kids, before Léon lost most of his memories.

Maybe Roberto Tapir was the key to recovering them.

Léon licked his lips, throwing the golden rope aside. It dissolved into a pool of liquid gold, and, likewise, Léon's courage melted. He cleared his throat, trying to muster it again. If Rob really had met him... he needed to know. Everything.



"What are you going to do now?" Léon asked.

"Lay low for a while, I reckon." Rob took a step back and scratched his nape. He looked exhausted. "Maybe hide somewhere. Brash should already know I'm still in NC. He won't think I betrayed him, at first, but he'll eventually discover what I did."

Léon studied his face. "What did you do?"

Rob chewed on his lower lip, caressing his wrists. "I lied to him."

"I thought superheroes didn't lie."

"I s'pose that makes me one of the bad boys."

Léon shook his head and smiled. "Listen..." He cleared his throat. "Do you need a place to crash tonight?"

***

It was around five in the morning and still dark when Léon fished his keystick out of his pocket. It was cold in Ragged Street at that hour, and a whistling gale rolled empty plastipaper boxes of fast food. People were sleeping on the sidewalks under the stone awnings of crooked buildings while scruffy, famished dogs gnawed on dark chunks of synthetic meat.

"Are you taking me to a slaughterhouse?" Rob asked. "This neighborhood is not a very good place this late at night."

His voice was light and humorous, but it stabbed a needle in Léon's heart.

Léon held his keystick tighter. "This neighborhood is a lot safer than it seems. There are only hard-working people living here."

"No slaughterhouse, then?"

"No. Only my house." He scowled.

my Rob almost tripped on his feet. "I'm so sorry, I—"

"Shut up! We're trying to sleep here," a woman shouted, pulling her blanket up to her chin.

"I'm really sorry," Roberto repeated, louder this time.

Léon shook his head. He tugged at Rob's arm and dragged him across the empty street towards the narrow entrance of a sinuous stone staircase. They went up and down, mimicking the hill, and lost themselves in the distance, covered by a thick reddish fog.

"It has traces of radioactive pollution," Léon explained. "Since the altitude here is so high, we get a lot of the air currents coming from the Old Continent."

Rob stared at the hand holding his arm and sighed, moving his eyes skyward. "You know a lot about it all, don't you? About history and geography."

Léon let his hand slip off of Rob's arm and cleared his throat. "We all study a lot. You can't beat the system if you don't know how it works—and this kind of thing is the base of any system."

"What do you mean?"

"Don't get me started on sociology, Roberto." Léon chuckled. "Let's just say... politics use history and geography to justify their decisions. You need to know them well if you want to break them."

They climbed up the stairs, passing by ramifications of even narrower streets that spread to both sides of the staircase like capillaries looking for their lungs. Léon raised his eyes, looking at the pointy forms that sprouted from the brume. The massive mansion stood empty behind gigantic gates, crimson-white spikes among the swirling masses of red fog. The rusty iron on the gates formed the words, Murilean Manor.

Murilean Manor. Roberto gasped—then coughed.

"Takes a while to get used to the fog," Léon said. "But you'll see, the bitterness leaves the tongue after a while. And it's not dangerous, Iara put filters here for us."



Roberto controlled his coughing fit, cleared his throat, and sniffed once. "Sorry, it's just"—he cleared his throat and sniffed twice—"The League used to tell stories about the Murilean Manor. Bloody scary stories."

scary Léon snickered, taking a left in a dark street. "There's nothing scary in there. Security is tight, so you won't even find your usual homeless crackhead invader." He stopped in front of a plasmetallic white door. Unlike the others, this house seemed new. Also, the walls and the roof were in one piece. "We're here," Léon said.

He entered first, sliding his key-stick into the lock. The door slid to the side, showing a one-meter square entry hall. Léon hovered a hand over the pad beside the entry and lowered the temperature inside, making something under the floor purr like a mechanical kitten. He took his derby shoes off, placed them on a plasmetallic shoe rack between a tiny pair of starred sneakers and a size 6 yellow loafer, and walked up the few steps that led him to the main out of three rooms.

" A casa é sua, " Léon whispered. Rob crossed the entry, and the door closed at his back. "Take your shoes off before coming in. And lower your voice, my mom and brother will wake up soon. But not because of us, got it?" There was a threat woven in his words. "Goddess, I hope you don't snore."

A casa é sua, Léon pointed at the doors. "Bathroom to the right, Amma and Pipo's room to the left. We get the sofa and the floor beside it." He took his ascot cap off, threw it on the sofa, and squatted. Léon pulled a drawer from the sofa's base and took clothes and a thick blanket from it. "We'll use this and some cushions as your mattress. Can't do any better... sorry."

Rob licked his lips. "That's okay. Anything's better than the cell they locked me in at Invidia."

"I've forgotten about that." Léon took perfectly folded sweatpants from the drawer, then looked at Rob. "You okay?"

"Not my first rodeo, Léon."

"That's not an answer."

Rob fought a smile. Once he lost the battle, he sighed. "Are those for me?" He pointed to the grey trousers in Léon's hands.

"Yeah."

When Rob reached for the sweatpants, Léon noticed the thin scars on his hands. They circled his wrists and went up to his arm, disappearing under the dark fabric of his hoodie. There were marks of claws, bites, stitches, and lighter patches of skin from healed burns. And those were old. Anachronica's power didn't leave any scars behind.

Rob's voice lowered. "Wait till you see the rest of my body." He turned around with a smirk and walked to the bathroom.

Not three steps later, Léon's voice came back. "Roberto, wait. About what you said... about knowing me..."

Rob stopped but didn't look back. He lowered his head, and Léon could see the exhaustion mounted on his shoulders. "Tomorrow. I promise."

Léon nodded. He had waited 22 years; he could wait one more night.

***

The sun rose outside, and a purple luminosity fought its way through the flaking, dark-tinted film on the windows. Rob snored like a proper bear, his chest half-appearing under the pink unbuttoned shirt Léon had chosen for him. It was the largest one in the house, and it still didn't fit properly.

You were always this serious, you know.

You were always this serious, you know. "What a prick." Léon rolled to the side, supporting his head on a hand. "Roberto? Hey!" This time, the snore was louder. "For the Goddess, he'll wake up the entire neighborhood." Leo slipped his gaze from the man's face to the covered contour of his thighs under the blankets. Rob snored again. "For Helgach's brain. You dumb, noisy... sexy thing," he whispered, clicking his tongue. "If you wake my mom up, I won't defend you. Hear me? She'll pluck your eyeballs out."

The snoring softened.

Léon sighed. He lay on the edge of the sofa and let one of his hands slip down. The tip of his fingers brushed against the inside of Rob's wrist. Léon gulped, running his fingers up his arm until they reached his tattoos.

Goddess. Under his touch, the dark ink glimmered in a soft shade of green that ran up Roberto's arm, waking the marks all across his arms, chest, neck, and face. Some of them weren't even visible before.

Something hot weighted in his stomach, and Léon bit down his lower lip. The tattoos were warm, rough, powerful... and hauntingly beautiful. His cheeks warmed up, and he lowered his upper body to study them closer. Léon spread a hand on Rob's shoulder. He could feel the tattoos warming up against his palm. He felt the connection, the waves of raw power tempting him, pulling him. As his heart raced, his body moved on its own, slowly sliding off the sofa. He wanted to feel every tattoo against his body. He wanted to feel more, to discover more; he wanted to...

A weird luminosity lit up against Léon's closed eyelids. He opened them. Starting with the place where Léon touched Rob, his tattoos were starting to become purple.

Rob's eyes shot open, the whites in them completely black.

As quick as he could, Léon recoiled his arm and rolled to the side, facing the sofa backrest. He heard muffled sounds and confused mutterings; he heard Roberto getting up, going to the bathroom, and then coming back. All the while, his heart pummeled against his ribcage, his cheeks burned, and his whole body protested against the distance.

Léon had no idea what he'd done, but he felt it wasn't the first time.

Nor the last.





ten: waking up


—Roberto—



—Roberto— —Roberto—



It was dark, but he could hear the fighting around him. The shouts, screams, explosions. Laughs, too. Impetuous, cruel, barbaric guffaws. He tried to open his eyes, but couldn't; there was a thick layer of sand gluing them closed.

It was dark, but he could hear the fighting around him. The shouts, screams, explosions. Laughs, too. Impetuous, cruel, barbaric guffaws. He tried to open his eyes, but couldn't; there was a thick layer of sand gluing them closed. Fuck.

Fuck. Run, Robbie, he heard. Run!

Run, Robbie, he heard. Run! Rob woke up with a weight on his chest. His heart was racing, his head heavy, and his muscles were as sore as they used to be during his first years of training, almost two decades ago.

It had been almost a year since the last time he had that dream. Maybe Iara's torture had awakened something inside him... or maybe he was just feeling the full impact of his choice. Besides seeing the farm and enduring Iara's torture, he also had Léon in his life again.

Not being able to hold him and beg him for forgiveness would break anyone in Rob's shoes.

Rob opened his eyes, tearing the thin layer of yellow sand on his short eyelashes. Two wide brown eyes and a toothless smile were waiting for him. Rob's shoulders jumped. The little boy, sprawled on his chest like a lazy kitten, was no older than three.

"Leo! Tiny! He's alive!" the kid beamed, sliding off his chest and jumping to his feet. He rocketed out of sight, giggling.

Rob grimaced as he tried to sit up. "Well, good morning to you too, mate," he said in a hoarse voice.

Oh, shit . The pain! Rob rested a hand on his temple and waited. His chest ached, his shin seemed broken, and his ribs hurt as if they were being pulled open again.

Oh, shit Léon's voice reached him as if coming from the depths of a well. "Roberto? Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I... am well, it's just... this awful headache."

awful He looked around. It was hot inside. Too clean, too tight, too thought out, and way too organized. The kitchen—which was also a living room, study, and bedroom—had a narrow set of three white counters seemly unused. The rehydrator was still covered with bubble wrap, and the fridge was a compact white box so clean it looked like veinless marble. There was a square table to the left, with three chairs and two exaggeratedly tall piles of books—real books—perfectly aligned against the wall. Photo holoframes were spread everywhere, and a large, spacious sofa stole most of the space in the room.

A new voice joined in. "Are they common, these headaches? Confined to one side of the head?"

"Yeah." Rob raised his eyes to find a fifty-something woman sitting at the small square table in the corner of the room.

She held a thin tablet in one hand, a cup of coffee in the other, and wore a moss-green nurse uniform from Saint Lucretia, the only public Hospital in New Continent. Rob was familiar with it. He pushed the drowsiness away, rubbing his eyes. The woman's pointy nose, the deep brown hair, and her olive skin were exactly like Léon's—but the shape of her face looked much tougher and warmer than his.

"This is my mom, Kaliandra. And this is my little brother, Pietro," Léon said. He was sitting beside his mother while Satina sat on the third chair around the table, clearly bored.

"Pipo. Call me Pipo!" said the little boy. He had the blackest of all black hairs Rob had ever seen, rich brown skin and almond, indigenous eyes like him. "You look like me," he said with a grin, his eyes narrowing.

Rob smiled and said, his voice still low and husky, "Guess you're a handsome young lad like me, then."

Pietro giggled and rushed back to Roberto to hug his arm. Rob flinched.



"Leave him be, Pipo. By the looks of it, Léon's friend is feeling like shit." Kaliandra regarded Rob over the edge of her tablet and slurped her coffee. "If it's true people snore when they're tired, you must be exhausted , boy."

exhausted Rob opened his lips. Closed. His cheeks burned. "I'm, hm... I'm sorry, Mrs. Dickens."

"Miss." Kaliandra wore a proud smile. "Well, at least I can be sure you two were sleeping, huh. And not doing something else."

"Roberto's just a colleague, Mother. He just needed a place to crash before—"

"I'm not complaining, darling. I say it's about time you forgot about that fucking-fucker-frolicking-Phillip guy. He never deserved you, anyway."

Rob smiled—then groaned.

"Yeah, doll, I think it's a migraine." Kaliandra slipped her tablet onto the pile of books and stood from her chair, reaching for something in the cabinets. "I have just the thing to help." She turned to Léon. "You know, I never liked that Phillip. He was way too snob, baby boy. Talked too much about himself and never, not even once, folded his bedsheets. I saw you doing it for him, Leo." She clicked her tongue. "Here." Kaliandra placed a green pill on Léon's palm. "You go give it to him."

once, "Phil's problem was that he thought he was Leo's owner," Satina said. She grinned when Pipo ran to her, asking to sit on her lap. She scooped him up and said, "And he still acts like it, auntie. Makes me furious, I'll tell you."

Léon walked towards Roberto, yawning. He knelt at Rob's side and held his jaw. Rob wasn't sure how Léon pressed it, but he felt his lips opening against his will.

"Hey!" Rob exclaimed.

Léon ignored him. He threw the pill inside Rob's mouth, forced it closed, and held it until Rob swallowed. Then, he walked away and opened the fridge door, ignoring his terrified expression.

Without his supervillain uniform, Léon looked like a bank clerk or a golf player. Checkered ascot cap, dark blue cashmere sweater, and caramel pants. Except this golf player forced you to swallow Goddess-know-what in the crack of dawn.

this Kaliandra turned on her motherly tone. "Léon Dickens. Do you really still talk to fuck-face-Phillip after everything he did to you?"

really everything Rob's expression twisted and crooked. "Argh. Argh! This tastes like... ugh."

"Like dirty underwear and spoiled beans, yeah," Satina said, playing with Pipo's hair. "But it really helps."

Léon walked back with a bottle of water and rolled his eyes as he pulled Rob's face to his. The warmth of Léon's hands soaked into Rob's cheeks as he studied him.

"I have no choice, Amma. Phillip still works at Invidia." He handed the bottle to Rob and gently pulled his cheek downward to study his eyes. "Drink, Roberto."

Rob's heart tightened while Léon's scent, so close, filled his lungs. Gulping, he accepted the bottle and looked away. "Thanks."

The pill was cold, bitter, and left a weird numbness on his tongue. Still, his headache subsided.

"Well, I guess there's no choice, then." Kaliandra crossed her arms. "Ask Iara to fire him. You're friends with her, aren't you? You never stop talking about her. I'm sure she can find another Project-whatever-he-does to take his place."

Léon shook his head. "You really should head out, Amma. You'll be late for work."

Kaliandra moved her eyes to an old digital clock on the wall, and Roberto mimicked her. He had slept for less than three hours.



"Shit. You're right." Kaliandra rushed to the front door and called Pipo with a gesture. "We need to go, munchkin. Now."

"Shit!" Pietro repeated, chuckling.

"Don't repeat Amma's swearing, munchkin. Be a good boy, like Léon." Before going, she smiled at Rob. "You should feel better soon, Robbie. If the pain comes back, ask Léon for another pill—but don't take more than two, okay?"

Rob bobbed his head. "Have a good day at work, Miss Dickens."

Kaliandra stared at him for a moment before pulling her lips into a smile. "Thank you."

When the door closed, Rob got up—his legs made of jelly—and muttered something about a shower.

He stepped under the boiling stream of water. That dream always had the same effect on him. Rob supported his weight on his hands, spread on the cold wall tiles. Tears mixed with the hot water as it washed away his sadness and pain.

That dream was about Rob and Toni, after all. On the day his former fiancé had died.

Later, when Rob stepped out of the bathroom, Léon and Satina watched the holotelly. Mary was there, too, sprawled on Rob's bed. The trio was using their hololenses, staring at the tubular screen.

Léon offered him a pair of glasses. When Rob put them on, journal clippings popped out of the screen and spread all around him.

"Hello, Robbie-Bear," Mary said.

A pang of pain hit his chest. That was how Toni used to call him.

"Mary," Rob said as a greeting. "What are we doing?"

Satina stretched. "Working. Sit down, Leo will explain everything to you."

"Do I look like a personal tutor to you?" Léon snapped back.

"A little." Satina smirked. "You dress like one, that's for sure." She dodged a cushion and smiled. "Go on."

Léon huffed. He got up and swiped two fingers left, making his mailbox appear. "This is how things go." He tapped on the first email, sent by Ida Tweedle. "The Twiddle twins send us weekly missions. These are compulsory and are generally linked to Iara's plans. We're talking industrial espionage, kidnappings, robberies, invasions, hijacks, anything here. This is from yesterday." He swiped towards the tubular screen, making the email pop in front of Roberto's eyes. "We obviously didn't complete the mission. Because of you," Leo added, giving Rob a piercing gaze.

obviously "Well, I'm—"

"Don't say you're sorry, Roberto. You're going to help us fix it, dumbface," Satina said. "Keep going, Leo."

Léon pinched the bridge of his nose and licked his lips. "You can see here"—he pointed at the email—"the rating of the mission. Three-point-eight out of fifteen. Our salaries, the money we make for Invidia, and the mission difficulty are proportional to this rating."

make Roberto breathed out a snicker and said, "Got it. These compulsory missions increase Invidia's market value. What about that soul-stealing rubbish?"

"The soul-stealing rubbish is but one of the things Invidia does."

soul-stealing rubbish "Coincidentally," Satina said. "One of the top in the list of income."

Léon shrugged and turned back to the holo projections. "If we don't have any official missions to do, we can come up with our own." He swiped right, back to the newspaper clippings. "For that, we usually dig through the news, searching for low-risk opportunities." He tapped on one of the clippings. "Like this. The Mayor just donated another Alakija painting to the Old Continentian Museum. If we can steal it—"

"Let the bear give us some ideas, Leo," Satina cut in, checking her fingernails. "Stick to the explanation."

Léon clicked his tongue. "Once we decide what to do, we write a job proposal, send it to Anachronica, and if she approves it, we get into action." Léon raised his hands. "That's all."

"Got it." Rob bobbed his head in a slow positive.

He took his hololenses off, left them on the sofa armrest, and walked back to his bed. Maybe he should fold the blankets to show his appreciation for Miss Dickens' hospitality. He pulled his bedsheets. Mary, who was lying on them, rolled to the side, giggling.

Satina got up. "You know what? You have until this afternoon to send me a job proposal, Roberto." With a long sigh, she took a lollipop from her jacket's pocket. "Now, I don't know about you, but I'm starving." She unwrapped her candy. "Wanna go somewhere and grab some breakfast, Mary? Léon? Buttface?"

"This is bullying," Rob said.

"Sure, Tiny-iny!" Mary jumped to her feet.

"I'm staying. I need a nap." Léon fished his keystick from his pocket. "Here, Rob." He tossed him the keys. "Go out or do whatever. You're welcome to stay as long as you want." He yawned. "Just keep everything in place, all right? And try not to get lost."

Rob took the keys and smiled, feeling a cold something inside him. Leo's keyring was two little white tigers. "Thank you, Léon."

He closed his fingers around the keys as his heart rate picked up. Truth be told, Rob had been torn for the past days. Sure, his last conversation with Brash had been fucked up, to say the least, but... could Rob really disobey and ignore everything Brash, Toni, and Rafaela had taught him? Could he really turn a blind eye to the Life Force stealing and Satina's absurd accusations against Brash?

fucked up, Could he be a villain ?

a villain Rob swallowed hard and took a deep breath, resting a hand on his breastbone. "Wait," he said in a low voice.

Mary, Satina, and Léon turned around.

He had to. Rob had no choice.

"I have an idea." Rob focused on Léon's eyes. "One that should give us plenty of money."

***

*** Hey, everyone! Thank you so much for reading this chapter. Please don't forget to vote if you liked it :)

Hey, everyone! Thank you so much for reading this chapter. Please don't forget to vote if you liked it :) I'm sorry for the delay to post it, btw, everything's been a bit crazy over here.

I'm sorry for the delay to post it, btw, everything's been a bit crazy over here. I'd love to know what you thought about all the drama here hahaha, so please leave your comment! :) Even if it's a comment in another language, I'd love to read it ;)

I'd love to know what you thought about all the drama here hahaha, so please leave your comment! :) Even if it's a comment in another language, I'd love to read it ;) Kisses!

Kisses! - Ligia

- Ligia





eleven: A heist proposal


—Léon—



—Léon— —Léon—

Léon huffed, regretting the little show he'd put on a while ago. Usually, he was more restrained and controlled. He was a reasonable man, or so he thought, but something in that situation had hit a nerve. To make things worse, his muscles were weak, and his head was empty as if he had spent a whole week without sleep.

With a long sigh, he turned around to look at Roberto.

This shouldn't be easy for him. He should be struggling, fighting the idea of committing a crime. He should feel terrible to cook up heists and team up with the people he used to fight against. He should be miserable for being a turncoat after so many years as a superhero.

miserable A crease formed between Léon's eyebrows. Was he even feeling anything?

"What are you waiting for? We're listening," Satina said.

"You don't have to rush." Léon turned to Rob and met his eyes. "We already told you we're not helping your sister, so it must be hard for you. We can go slow if—"

must "No, we can't," Satina put with a cruel simplicity that cracked a whip on Léon's back. "Spit it out, Roberto."

Rob studied Léon. Taking a deep breath, he focused on Satina. "You may not know this, but The Mayor had a son."

"Antônio McCockay." Mary opened a wide smile. "I liked him very much." She giggled. "He was so funny!"

very A gleam of sadness shone in Rob's eyes. "That he was, Mary. He was also a hero. The Gunslinger."

Mary's smile died on her lips. "I don't like him anymore," she said in a stern tone.

It was drizzling outside. A cold breeze squeezed through the closed blinds of the only window in the house and licked Léon's nape, spreading a cold shiver down his spine. "Of course we know that," he said. "The Mayor was the only super in town who is not afraid of telling everyone his real identity, and his son followed his example. I... I almost respect them because of it. A little."

Rob's lips curled in a smile. One that, Léon thought, couldn't be faker.

"Antônio's birthday would be next Saturday," Rob said. "As he always does, The Mayor will throw a birthday party in his mansion so—"

He couldn't finish his line. "Oh, no. No, no, no." Satina shook her head and crossed her arms. "We're not gonna invade their party, Roberto."

not "What?" Rob said. "No, I wouldn't—"

Satina ignored him. "You think I'm dumb, don't you? Well, I'm not. And I won't let my team waltz into your trap!"

"That's"—Rob frowned—"that's just foolish. I would never..." He huffed. "You don't trust me. I understand that. But please listen to me, then you can do whatever you fancy. All right? You asked me for an idea, I'll bloody give you one. If you let me."

please Satina narrowed her eyes. She licked her lips and clicked her tongue, waving a hand. "Okay, go ahead."

"Thank you. As I was saying, The Mayor will throw a birthday party, and every single hero in town will be there. Besides them, he'll have guests like the Police Commissary and her weirdo of a son, a few of the League's investors, and all the Heroic League members. Cotton Candy, Fire Sapphire, The Sterling Sisters... who else? Curupira, The Grim Reader, Ironhearty, The Ghost Hunter. Oh, and The—"

Satina scoffed. "Okay, dude. They were all implied when you said all the Heroic League members ."

all the Heroic League members "Right," Roberto mumbled. He snapped his fingers. "So, yeah, they'll all be there, which means our club— their club—will be unprotected during the night. It's the perfect opportunity to get in there and—"

their

"Wait. Club? What club?" Satina asked. Now she seemed interested. The woman uncrossed her arms and leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees.

Now "So you don't know everything , uh." Roberto sneered. "The supers have a restaurant slash clubhouse not far from the New Continentian Museum. It's called The Hero's retreat , and it's a wonder you didn't find out about that shite until now." He scoffed. "Off-duty heroes meet up there all the time to blow off some steam, have fun, and all—but that's not everything. The Mayor has something hidden in there. A vault. And I believe there's something important inside."

everything The Hero's retreat "There usually is in vaults," Mary said, playing with a lock of Satina's hair.

"I s'pose. Information, perhaps. Or cash." Rob leaned forward and propped his elbows on his knees. "All I know is that The Mayor never told anyone out of his inner circle about that vault, which means that, whatever it is, it must be exquisite ."

exquisite Mary raised a hand. "Question. Why is the place called The Hero's retreat ?"

The Hero's retreat "And why would The Mayor keep a vault in a damned clubhouse?" Satina said.

"And just how close were you and The Mayor?" Léon asked in a quiet tone. "If only his inner circle knew about this, how do you know about it?"

how close you Rob licked his lips. He breathed in and looked first to Mary. "I believe it's quite obvious. Really." Then to Satina. "Think about it. No one is barmy enough to invade the Heroic League's office during the day—but they might at night, while no one is there."

"So...?" Satina said.

"So The Mayor keeps his vault in the club, where there's always a hero, day or night. It's one of the most protected places in all New Continent. And The Mayor doesn't even have to pay them to keep watch. They pay him. Through terrible pasta, beers, and booze. And the eventual hooker, of course." Rob cleared his throat. "But don't tell him that last part, this is something his son arranged and it was not well-known, except for some of us, so... I mean... Antônio always liked to have a nice threesome with a beautiful—"

always pay They his son "That's," Satina interrupted.

"Immoral, I know," Rob rushed to say. "The part about The Mayor not paying the heroes to keep watch, of course, not the hookers. And let's face it, a threesome is always welcome. Almost always, anyway... I mean, we should all be entitled to do whatever we want with our own bodies, yeah?"

"That's brilliant!" Satina completed. "What do you suggest we do? How do we attack? What's our reward?"

Rob blinked once. Twice. Scoffed. "We should take whatever is inside that vault. And in the cash register, too. And in the cookie jar. Brash always keep his cred sticks in the cookie jar."

And "Well, that's something ." Satina smirked. "And it would be a blow to The Mayor's confidence as well, so Iara could surely take advantage of this. If we're lucky enough, we can even get a nice bonus this time."

something "I miss my bonuses," Mary muttered.

"Don't worry, Mary, you'll get your bonuses again. And we'll receive our first ones." Satina raised from her seat and took a deep breath. "Mary, Léon, let's show Roberto here how to prepare a heist proposal. Then, we'll go eat pancakes while he does the heavy lifting and finishes the presentation!"

Mary cheered, jumped to her feet, and ran to her backpack. She pulled a golden notebook from it as Satina reached for her tablet.

Still in silence, Léon didn't know what to think. He watched as Satina and Mary sat beside Roberto on the sofa, pointing and gesturing at the screens. Hadn't they noticed Rob ignored his question completely?



His eyelids weighed over his eyes, and the conversation became incoherent mumbles.

"...but if we're not very clear, Anachronica might not approve the heist, which is bad," Mary said.

Léon shut his eyes, shook his head, and turned to his team again.

"... runs her crazy numbers to calculate the mission value, as if Anachronica had approved it. But in this case, we couldn't use their shit. Ammunition, weapons, vehicles, and all..."

What was happening to him?

"All right. But how can we...?"

Shit. Léon should be there with them. Planning, explaining, answering Rob's idiotic, probably obvious questions. Still, he could barely concentrate. He let out a long sigh and rested his head on the wall beside him. He felt weak. Drained. Dizzy. Rob's deep brown eyes met Leo's as his sight darkened.

Shit. He would close his eyes for a moment, just for a moment...

A crash awoke him.

Léon raised from the sofa, his heart racing, and a blanket slid down his chest. He looked around. Mary and Satina were nowhere to be seen, and something that looked like a heist proposal sat on top of the dining table. The shadows around him had shifted. They were much longer now, stretching to the opposite direction they were following before Léon had closed his eyes.

looked "Up already?"

Léon looked to his side and found Rob dressed in his pajama bottoms, barefoot and shirtless, collecting small pieces of broken china.

"I was going to cook something, hope you don't mind. It's monkeys outside, so I thought—it's a tosh to freeze to death just to grab a bite. Léon is a healthy man and lives with his mom, yeah. He might have some real food inside. But then I started looking for a bowl... and I might just have broken something. And it looked quite expensive. And I'm so very sorry."

The hammers hitting Léon's chest and brain were only starting to subside. "Don't worry, we only have cheap china and reusable plastipaper, so it's no big deal. Just throw it away." He grimaced, forcing his eyes shut. "What time is it?"

"Uh." Rob took his phone. "Quarter past three. Do you like boiled eggs?"

"Already? You let me sleep the whole day?" Léon's voice raised an octave.

Rob raised an eyebrow, turning to him. "Uh. Sorry, Honey, hubby didn't want to wake you up. You seemed awfully tired, you did. Next time you tell me when and I'll wake you with a kiss, how does that sound?"

He couldn't hold back a smile as he said, "Mortifying."

Rob chuckled. He faced the broken bowl as Léon stretched a hand and reached for his phone.

Léon swiped through the dozens of messages from his brother. Most showed pictures of his childish drawings or quindins, his favorite synthetic eggs dessert. One of the photos was labeled "#workingHard in preschool," probably written by Pipo's teacher. Léon's smile shrunk into a pout when he stopped on the last message, sent by Satina forty minutes ago. A jolt of energy ran through his body.

"#workingHard in preschool," "Shit. Shit, shit!" He jumped from the sofa. "We need to go. You didn't touch anything, did you? Amma is a bit obsessive."

Rob didn't turn to look at him this time. "Besides the kitchen cupboards and your buttocks, no."

"Wait, what?"

Roberto peeked over his shoulder. "Don't make that face, mate. I had to carry you to the sofa, all right? You were sleeping in a bloody chair. No one deserves that." His breath caught in his throat, and Rob cleared it, turning to face the broken china. "Fun fact: as I carried you to the sofa, you tried to bite my nipple. I think you have a fetish or whatnot."

chair.

"For the Goddess," Léon muttered. He stomped his way to the bathroom. Moments later, the strong mint from his toothpaste clashed with a glass of cold water. "C'mon, Rob. Tiny managed to get a presentation meeting with Anachronica today to show your idea. We need to run."

***

With the sun high in the sky and the sidewalks empty, the streets seemed to be part of another neighborhood. Lulling the dry, hot inferno of January, a breeze carried the smell of mango, smoked meat, burial flowers, and cigarettes instead of the foul stench of pollution from the previous day. The steep staircase and the capillary-like streets ran almost diagonally, towering over the rest of the city that stretched miles away into the distance.

"This is what this place is truly like," Léon said.

truly Roberto whistled an impressed fa , slipping strong thick fingers into his pockets. Leo didn't think he'd ever find anything attractive in that. Still...

fa "Oh, Leo," Rob said in a husky sigh. "The view."

The cold wings of a butterfly fluttered inside Léon's stomach. He took a deep breath, pushing the feeling to the back of his mind. Not the time, Leo. He forced a smile, eyes cast on the city below. "Just imagine watching the sunrise from here," he said. There was pride in his words, and a heavy bag hung on his shoulder, bobbing heavily at each step he took.

Not the time, Leo. Rob followed close behind him. "Must be lovely," he said. "You'll want to bring me here for the sunset, one of these days."

A smile pulled Léon's lips. "Maybe. If your intel on the Heroic Club is good enough."

Rob chuckled. "Oi, wait." He rushed a few steps forward and clutched the side of Leo's backpack. He lifted it with ease. Before Léon's questioning gaze, he said, "I'll carry it for you. It's the least I can do, mate. To thank you for housing me and all."

Léon shuffled his feet. "I have my reasons."

"Hm." Rob nudged his arm. "Are we going to take the train, like yesterday? I want to take the train."

Léon shook his head no and smiled. It was like talking to his little brother. "We're late. I'll take my Amma's NAV. I just..." He sighed. "I hope you're not too crazy about safety."

The old, barely-holding Non-Automated Vehicle was entirely yellow. Was , once, a long time ago. Now, it was half-covered by a thick layer of rust, half-covered by dirt.

Was The small interior, with two ripped front seats and nothing but a narrow space behind them as the trunk, was never a problem for Kaliandra and Léon. They never had any luggage. Mother and son had traveled both Old and New Continent inside that NAV, clattering and bumping on dirt roads and paved highways alike. They had collected memories, made friends, seen skylines. For a long time, that NAV was almost part of the family.

But when Kali decided to take pity on a small baby abandoned at the roadside and adopted Pietro, the old "Egg-yolk," as they called it, had to be retired. After all, it was too wrecked to carry toddlers inside. Pipo could get hurt.

Still, it worked... more or less.

Léon opened the door. He fastened his seatbelt and waited for Rob to enter the NAV, tapping his fingers on the steering wheel. When Rob's door closed, Leo turned his worried eyes to him. Rob reached for his seatbelt, but Leo tugged on his sleeve.

"Remember, Roberto. Whatever happens, don't scream."

***

A.N. Hey, all, thank you so much for reading! If you liked the chapter, please don't forget to vote! Also, I'd love to know what you're thinking of the story so far ;) Is it too slow? Are we at an OK pace? Could be better? And what do you think will happen in the next chapter? >8)

A.N. Hey, all, thank you so much for reading! If you liked the chapter, please don't forget to vote! Also, I'd love to know what you're thinking of the story so far ;) Is it too slow? Are we at an OK pace? Could be better? And what do you think will happen in the next chapter? >8) I'm slowly going back to my old update schedule, so I'll see you all next week ♥

I'm slowly going back to my old update schedule, so I'll see you all next week ♥ Love you all! ♥

Love you all! And here's a LéonxRob Halloween illustration I made and completely forgot to post! XD Can you guess who they're dressed as? :P



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





twelve: Hold it tight


—Rob—

—Rob— —Rob— It was hard not to scream.

When the duo finally parked in a side street near Invidia—a dark, deserted alley—Rob rushed out of the NAV, his wobbly legs barely holding his weight. He closed the vehicle door with a bang and rested his back against it, panting as if he had just finished the New Continentian marathon.

"I think I'm going to throw up," he mumbled, his lips trembling.

Léon left the NAV carrying a folder with their heist proposal. "I'm sorry." He didn't sound sorry. "But we're in a hurry, there's no time to waste."

sound Inside her office, Anarchronica took yet another deep breath. She closed the folder, took off her square glasses, and placed them on the plastipaper cover beside a tablet that showed the list of the businesses downtown. She had been fact-checking each line of the heist proposal for the past forty minutes, while the group sat quietly, sharing anxious—then bored—glances as the clock ticked.

Now, as Anachronica reclined on the tall backrest of her armchair, she seemed done. In more than one way. "Let me first compliment you four for this heist proposal."

"It was a group effort." Satina shifted in her seat, a smug look on her face.

"Well, congratulations—this is the most poorly written piece of crap I've read in my entire life."

"Unfortunately, the group effort ended when Grizzly Bear decided to write that shit alone," Satina added, shrugging.

Mary chuckled. "We didn't read before showing you, Nica."

"Oh, I know ." Anachronica looked at Léon. "I wonder why you didn't write it this time."

know Léon slid to the edge of his large armchair and reached for the heist proposal. As he read it, his expression morphed from confusion to anger, then to incredulity, and finally resignation. Rob frowned. He never thought grammar would be such a big deal for villains. In fact, he thought Anachronica wouldn't even read his proposal.

read "I should have." Léon let out a long sigh and slid the folder back on the desk. His knees pulled together while his ears turned red. "I should have proofread it at least. I'm sorry."

Anachronica smiled, and Roberto raised an eyebrow. He never thought she was capable of that.

"Just redo it before I hand it to Iara. You have until eight today," she said, reaching for a calculator. The little machine chirped as Léon, Satina, and Mary raised their eyes, their lips slowly curving into smiles.

"Wait," Rob said. "So that means—"

"Yes, Grizzly Bear." The chirping stopped, and Anachronica turned it around to show the number in the black visor. "Heist approved. Rate seven point nine." She raised her voice over Satina, Léon, and Mary's cheers. "You're dismissed. Dismissed!"

Anachronica tried to hold back a smile that, later on, Satina didn't share.

"Holy shit, you're an imbecile," Satina mumbled. "What, in the Holy brand of my boots, is this shit here?" She raised the folder. "And how did you manage to put an X in assessment criteria? "

assessment criteria? Léon shook his head. "Our Bear, it seems, is grammatically challenged."

Back in the coffee room, Léon, Rob, and Satina shared a table. On the other side of the room, two other trios drank coffee and tried to study what seemed to be different maps of the city. Regardless of their obvious effort, their eyes kept jumping towards Rob—but he was too busy to wonder why. His cheeks were painted with a dark tone of red, and a bead of sweat rolled down his temple.



"Oi, I'm not that bad." He flexed and stretched the muscles in his arms and neck. "And I'm yet to see how Grammar can save the world." He sighed, dropping his arms on his lap. Bloody hell, Rob needed some good exercise or a Turkish bath. "But... I'm sorry. I didn't want to wake Léon up and ask him to check the proposal. I just... didn't know it was so important."

that "If you're doing something, what's the point of half-assing it?" Satina's eyes were cast in the corrections. She glanced up and focused on the trio sat across the room. She frowned, smirked, and nudged Léon's arm.

"Well, Anachronica was unnaturally understanding today, so we can still make it right." Léon looked at the direction Satina was pointing, and a crease formed between his eyebrows. He clicked his tongue. "For the Goddess." He turned to Roberto. "Can you please put your shirt on? This is not a beach, it's your workplace."

unnaturally "I'm nervous. When I get nervous, I sweat ." Rob groaned. "Tsk. All right."

sweat The door to the break room opened and closed with a clank, and Mary skipped towards Satina. "Here are our badges," she said in a sing-song voice, giving out black cards. "One for B, one for Warpie, one for Bearie..." When Rob accepted his, Mary patted his head, giving him a wide smile. "We all make mistakes, okay?" She whispered, "Just not as many as you did in our presentation."

Roberto forced a smile. " Right. Thank you."

Right. She stared at her empty hands. "Oopsie. I forgot to get a badge for dear old me." Mary shrugged. "You go ahead, I'll go talk to Vinda."

She rushed outside as Satina got up.

"And I'm gonna hand this reviewed proposal to Anachronica and apologize. Again," she said, eyes locked on Roberto. "You two can go ahead and wait for us in the armory. Get me an NN-7, okay? That's all I'll need."

***

The industrial lights inside the armory turned on with loud clanks, one by one. A distant ambiance tropicalia started to play.

Rob felt he was in a grocery store. He trailed behind Léon from the wide doors towards the first set of shelves. All of them were at least three meters tall and housed black boxes of different sizes and shapes. Weapons.

Rob arched his eyebrows. The League didn't have anything like it.

A chuckle echoed around him, and he turned to see Léon hiding a smile with his hand.

Léon took the card Mary had handed him. He walked towards the second shelf and lifted the card to a specific name tag etched on the plasmetallic shelves. When the card glimmered green, showing he was allowed to take the box, he pulled it and walked with it back to the entrance.

"What?" Rob asked.

"You," Léon said with a warm smile. "Impressed like that. Makes me think of my first day here." He put the box down. "Be a nice Bear, and get me a cart." He pointed at his left.

Rob tried to hold back a smile. He licked his lips, pivoting to the direction Leo had pointed. With the carts perfectly aligned at the side of the room, the place seemed even more like a supermarket.

"What was it like?" Rob asked, his voice echoing inside the spacious room. He took a cart, made it back to the entrance, and placed Léon's box inside. Obeying his silent request, Rob followed him.

"My first day, you mean?" Léon followed to the next shelf. He shrugged, answering without looking back, "It was normal, I guess. Confusing. Satina and I... we arrived here with nothing. Literally nothing." He turned to his side and smiled. "She used her powers on the first bad guy we saw on the streets and forced him to bring us to his HQ. Lucky for us, he brought us here."

Léon pursed his lips and raised to the tips of his toes to reach for a specific box.

Rob's chest churned. Learning Léon's past wasn't a part of his plan, but it could be useful to know what had happened after they parted ways. And... he needed to know if Léon had really forgotten their past together. "Why did you become... you know," Rob mumbled.

really He walked around the cart and rested a hand on Léon's arm in a silent request. All he wanted was to get the box for him. Rob was taller, it wouldn't be a problem—but touching Léon made something awaken in him. A hot wave blanketed his chest, and he felt the surge of power from his tattoos. When Rob looked at Léon again, he was different.

something "A villain?" Léon asked. "I don't know, Bear. I lost my memory, didn't I? But you didn't, loved one." He took a step forward. "Tell me. Was I always like this?"

"A villain?" Léon asked. "I don't know, Bear. I lost my memory, didn't I? But you didn't, loved one." "Tell me. Was I always like this?" Roberto swallowed hard. He breathed in and out, aware of how hot his breath felt. What was happening?

What was happening? "I know you remember me," Léon said. "I remember you too. I remember feeling you." Léon took a step forward, then another. His voice was hot and tingly, echoing into Rob's ears and waking every muscle in his body. Léon stepped closer and spread cold, lanky fingers on his chest.

"I know you remember me," Léon said. "I remember you too. I remember feeling you." As Léon raised on the tip of his toes, his fingers slid down and stopped dangerously low on Rob's waist. Lips parted, he leaned in, moist lips brushing against his chin, cheek, earlobe. "I remember feeling your arms around me. And your chest against mine," he whispered, pressing his body against Rob's tensed muscles. "I know you thought about me so, so many times over the years... wishing you could see me again. Touch me again. Isn't it?"

"I remember feeling your arms around me. And your chest against mine," "I know you thought about me so, so many times over the years... wishing you could see me again. Touch me again. Isn't it?" Yes.

No!

No! What was happening?

"I just hope you don't backstab me again, Robbie-Bear." He breathed in against Rob's neck, spreading a cold shiver up his back. "You smell like... betrayal," Léon whispered, pulling his lips to press a cold kiss on his neck, on his jaw, on the corner of his lips...

"I just hope you don't backstab me again, Robbie-Bear." "You smell like... betrayal," This isn't real.

This isn't real. Wake up!

Wake up! "Rob, hey." Léon patted Rob's cheek. "Hey, are you okay?"

Rob—his muscles still tense, his eyes still widened, his lips still trembling—shook his head no. He looked down at the place he felt Leo's fingers, then raised a hand to the spots he had kissed. Was it... what? His imagination?

Or... an illusion?

"Bear, what happened?" Léon insisted. "Your eyes went black and you... I don't know. Your tattoos, they..." He trailed off. "What's happening?"

A knot formed in Rob's throat. "You said my eyes went black?" he asked in a ragged voice.

" Yeah. What's wrong?"

Yeah. The clank of the metal doors opening interrupted them. From outside, a loud siren invaded the room as Satina and Mary came in.

"We need to go. Now, dammit!" Satina shouted. "We're under attack!"

***

*** Hello, you! Thank you so much for reading ♥

Hello, you! Thank you so much for reading Please vote if you enjoyed the chapter and, if you're feeling like it, tell me what your favorite part was! ;)

Please vote if you enjoyed the chapter and, if you're feeling like it, tell me what your favorite part was! ;)





thirteen: Run, my children


— Léon —



— Léon — — Léon —

Léon's memory went back to his 16th birthday and not a day farther.

There was an empty space inside him, one that should've been filled with memories of his friends, his time in high school, or his first kiss. Léon's secret goal and obsession were to reconstruct his childhood and adolescence with as many details as he could. For now, that meant relying on Satina's and his mom's stories.

"We used to walk Paulista Avenue on Sundays, holding hands as the street musicians danced around us," went Satina's anecdotes.

"We used to walk Paulista Avenue on Sundays, holding hands as the street musicians danced around us," "You must imagine what it was like for a non-super, single mother living in one of the biggest metropolises in Old Continent. I had to leave you with your uncle Marco and go to nursing college by foot since I couldn't afford to buy gas charges," his mom would tell him.

"You must imagine what it was like for a non-super, single mother living in one of the biggest metropolises in Old Continent. I had to leave you with your uncle Marco and go to nursing college by foot since I couldn't afford to buy gas charges," After each story, Léon would lay down and gaze at the sky. He closed his eyes and imagined himself as a kid, running through the tall grass, avoiding metallic chunks of rusty cars and piles of toxic waste.

Léon, as people often do, shaped and treasured his memories. They were important to him—they were everything—and he'd do whatever was necessary to get them back.

That was the sole reason why he had invited Rob into his home. But as time passed, Léon started to wonder if that had been a wise choice.

His heart was still racing with worry when Satina appeared, and all hell broke loose.

"What are you waiting for, buttheads? Remember protocol! Grab as many weapons as you can, we're barricading the main hall!" Satina shouted.

A moment later, as a metallic bashing echoed the corridors, the group rushed towards the mouth of the villain hideout, pushing a shopping cart filled with weapons.

"Any idea of who are the intruders?" Léon asked.

"Someone who shouldn't be here. What more do you need to know?" Satina barked.

"Bloody great," Rob muttered.

The main hall was dark, dimly lit by weak emergency lights. Something bashed the main airlock as several small groups of villains rushed about, pulling and turning tables and sofas. The screens around the room flashed the words Unauthorized Elevator Access , and Léon swept the crowd to find a particular pair of green eyes.

Something Unauthorized Elevator Access "Weapons and shields," Satina shouted, stopping the cart against a wall. She was the first to dive into the cart, pulling a small box from it.

They were too many and approached too fast for Léon, Mary, and Rob to get away in time. Concealed faces rushed to the weapon cart, reaching for the biggest boxes as the pummeling continued outside.

As the villains pulled the weapons out of the cart, one of them hit Léon's arm. He lost his balance, staggered to the side, and fell on the ground.

"Hey... hey!" someone shouted. The voice boomed over the sound outside, and Red Menace's eyes glimmered a dangerous red when the emergency lights licked his face. Before those eyes, the other villains stood still for a moment. "Back off," he ordered.

Red rushed to the weapons cart. His thin lips curled down in a scowl as he pushed people out of his way. Instead of what Léon was expecting, he didn't make any snarky or lascivious comments when he reached him. "I want order," he shouted. "Get one and hide, people. Get one and hide!"

Léon despised him.

Red's fingers clawed around his arm and yanked Léon up and out of the confusion. Red ran his eyes through his features and a gentle thumb on his shoulder. "Be careful, Leo," he whispered, only for him to listen.



Léon hated him. All he wanted from him was distance .

hated distance Why do you do this to me, Phillip?

Why do you do this to me, Phillip? As if he could hear his thoughts, Red turned around, offering him nothing but a sly smirk. Because I can, that expression meant.

Because I can, Léon fished the smallest of the boxes for himself and gave Rob a bigger one, pulling him towards the back of the room, beside Satina and Mary. The pummeling against the airlock was so loud now Léon could barely hear his own heart. The metallic door spilled a dense white fog inside, chirping and crackling with electricity.

"Get ready!" Red Menace shouted.

The red of the warning lights swept their faces as the villains followed Red's orders. Each armed villain hid behind columns or furniture, ready to attack. Guns were cocked, kunais were aimed, bowstrings were pulled, and power-enhancing gloves were charged.

Léon pointed his opened hands towards the doors, and the purple amethyst in his gloves glimmered.

"Stop!" said a high, commanding female voice. Iara appeared at the top of the staircase. Her long, thin fingers gripped the railing, and she doubled over, sweeping the villains below with worried eyes. Her hair fell over her shoulders like silk, but they were pitch black and opaque now.

A thick layer of goosebumps spread on Léon's arms and back. He never thought he'd see Iara Bùlgarus-Cumin frightened like that.

As the massive airlock stood for its last moments, Iara set her eyes on a teenager no older than thirteen. "Ida, hide us. Hide everything . Now!"

everything The girl widened her eyes. She moved her gaze to the boy at her side who seemed to have the exact same height and age. Ida clasped his hand, pressed her fingers against her temple, and closed her eyes, projecting a dense, sticky, cold wave that covered everything inside the room.

"The rest of you," said Iara in a commanding tone. "Don't you dare to move."

dare As if on cue, the door finally gave up. With a loud, echoing thud, it fell forward, spreading a dense smoke inside. The main hall fell in morbid silence.

Pieces of debris were crushed, and steps echoed inside as two shapes cut the eerie light coming through the doorpost. The metallic sound of a hand cannon being deactivated filled the room.

The pink, intense shine from the invader's weapon dimmed.

"Are you sure this is the place, Sapphi? Inside Invidia? It makes no sense," a male voice said, walking inside. A thin ray of light came from a flashlight. It slid right and left, up and down, until it and its holder reached the center of the room. Only then did Léon recognize the pink glimmer of Cotton Candy's suit. Cotton turned back to the first shadow, raising his voice to say, "There's nothing here but boxes and probably cockroaches. It's just a storeroom."

"Let me see," said a second voice. Steps were followed by a second flashlight. The ray of light swept through the villains' scared expressions, but the invader was, apparently, oblivious to that.

Cotton Candy smiled. "Who would've thought we'd end up together again, uh? Cotton and Fire Sapphire. Husband and Wife. The power duo, back in action."

" Working together." Fire Sapphire chuckled. She moved and looked around as if there were no other presences in the room. She fished a little device from her jeans pocket. "I'm still getting a signal here."

Working Cotton clicked his tongue. His shoulders lowered, and he walked long steps in her direction. "Maybe Grizzly Bear found the bug and flushed it down the toilet or something."



Sapphire massaged her nape. "I don't think he'd notice it. Bear is as smart as a duck; he'd never think of taking those piercings off." She took a deep breath. "The Gunslinger chose the best possible place to hide that shit."

"Why would he do that, though?"

"Toni wanted to protect him, of course. The very second Bear slipped into his bed, he became his Bear," Sapphire said with a bitter tone. She grimaced. "That's what he used to say, at least."

his Cotton Candy scratched his well-shaved face. "That's kinda possessive."

"I agree. I tried to talk to him, but he and Daddy never heard me, anyway." She scoffed. "Daddy's whole world was always mom and Toni. When she died and asked him to take care of her son ..." Sapphire trailed off. "Whatever. The past is in the past." She scrambled forward, jumping imaginary boxes. "C' mere, Cotton. Signal's getting stronger." Fire Sapphire was less than a meter away from where Léon and Roberto stood. She gnawed at her lower lip, raised her eyes, and stared into nothingness. "Nada."

son Cotton Candy followed her and rested a hand on her shoulder. "Let's go, Sapphi. We're wasting time, he's not here." Cotton slid his hand off her shoulder and pushed her gently, forcing her to turn back.

"I'm worried about him, Cotton. You know how Bear gets around this time of the year. Toni did something to him; we all know that. Those visions he used to have... he's not as strong as he seems." Her voice faltered as they walked away. "Do you think... do you think he could really kill Toni?"

really Léon felt an intense, hot wave of anger coming from his side. He gave Roberto a sidelong glance, trying to move as little as possible, but Rob's tattoos glimmered green, brighter by the second.

Shit.

Shit. Sapphire was already facing the exit when she clasped a hand around Cotton Candy's arm, holding him in place. "Wait. Did you feel that?"

feel "Feel what?"

Léon didn't think twice. He laced his fingers between Rob's claw-like hands and pulled him closer. When their eyes met, Rob's tattoos dimmed.

"I thought..." Fire Sapphire trailed off, shaking her head. "It's nothing. Let's go." Fire Sapphire walked back to the entrance and towards the spot where Red Menace stood. She was so close to him that her sigh made his bangs dance. She sighed a second time. "I think I just need some rest. Let's go."

The two of them walked out. Before going away, the woman clasped the sides of the door and grunted, the metal sinking in under her fingers. Slowly, she pulled it back up. The tons of metal wailed and moaned as they were being hailed back into the doorpost and roughly fit back into place.

In silence, red lights dancing around the room, the villains heard the two heroes march back to the elevator. When the emergency message on the screens finally showed the words safe perimeter , they let out their breaths, almost as one.

safe perimeter "At ease," came Iara's voice. It carried a deep and satisfying relief. She walked down the stairs in quick, weightless steps and rushed to the teenage twins. Iara embraced them, holding them like a mother. She popped a kiss on each of their cheeks. Then, she glided towards Léon, Rob, Mary, and Satina. While she walked towards them, she caressed faces and gently patted the other villains' shoulders.

For Léon, though, she had only a hard, sharp slap that hit the side of his face like a hammer. Léon stumbled to the side, then raised two scared, watering eyes to the woman. At his side, Rob tried to help, but Satina held his arm. After the slap, Iara held Leo's face with both hands and pulled him close to pop a kiss on his forehead.

She leaned forward. "I told you to check thoroughly for bugs. You didn't," she whispered. "But you helped us all today. Thus, I forgive you." Iara let him go and took a step backward.

Leo's cheeks burned with pain and shame. "I'll get rid of them all," he muttered. "The trackers, bugs, everything."

"Good." With a motherly smile, she raised her hands, palms up like a scale. Behind her opened arms, the other villains approached—their weapons and murdering intentions were focused on Rob.

"So, Grizzly Bear is here?" Red Menace asked, playing with his dagger. "I'm so glad," he whispered.

"Run, my children," Iara said, narrowing her eyes. "Run."

***

*** Thank you sooo much for reading! I hope you enjoyed this chapter. ♥

Thank you sooo much for reading! I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Things will start to get a lot more dangerous from now on, are you ready? 8)

Things will start to get a lot more dangerous from now on, are you ready? 8) And here's a new painting of Cotton Candy, to celebrate his appearance in this chapter! ♥ What haircut do you like better on him?

And here's a new painting of Cotton Candy, to celebrate his appearance in this chapter! What haircut do you like better on him?

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





fourteen: Alors on Danse




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. — Rob —

— Rob — — Rob — Léon, Mary, Rob, and Satina rocketed down the corridors while the rest of Invidia chased behind them. "Get the Bear," they shouted, "we'll skin him alive!"

Satina led the way, dodging arrows, fireballs, and bursts of energy. Following her, Rob skidded to his right, jumped the turnstile leading to the gym, crossed the office areas, and bashed against the wall of a dead end. The narrow corridor they were in had only a locked door and the increasing noise of the approaching mob. To slow their suitors down, Léon projected his tigers, who rushed against the other villains, pouncing and growling.

"Shit," Satina hissed, punching the door.

Far away, the loud roar of a tiger echoed down the offices, and multiple cuts slashed Léon's left arm. He grimaced as blood soaked his sleeve. "Lampee is down."

"Call Bonee back, Leo." Satina flattened her back against the wall. Her voice hardened. "Mary, raise a wall. Rob, see if you can break this damned door. I don't care if you have to bring the whole building down for that, get us out of here!"

Mary and Rob nodded. As the latter ran to the door, he glanced at Satina. "Thank you for not handing me to them."

"We should. We really should!" Léon barked. "Everything was fine until he showed up. Why do we have to be his team?"

really we "Stop, Leo." Satina unrolled her whips. "I'm your leader now, Bear. That means I look after you." Rob smiled, his eyebrows shot upward, but Satina didn't even look at him before completing, "Besides... I thought about it. Even if we did hand you over, we'd receive the same treatment as you. I prefer to take my chances elsewhere."

did Mary took a handful of gold dust from her backpack. "Makes sense, methinks. Villains don't like it when one of us helps a hero."

"I s'pose that's why you wanted me to think about a mission," Rob said to Satina.

She scoffed. "That and our money. Don't think I'm soft , Bear."

soft "I'd never." Rob chuckled and closed his eyes, awaking the first set of tattoos on his right arm. He took a couple of steps backward and prepared a punch...

The door opened with a click and swung inside. The first villains appeared on the far end of the corridor.

"Enter. Quickly," Anachronica said, holding the door. Once they were all inside, she released the knob, and the thick sheet of metal shut heavily behind them.

Silence, thick and dense, covered the place.

It was stuffy inside the room, and Rob's tattoos were the only thing keeping them from complete darkness. Rob saw the contours of old mannequins, boxes, and bookcases, and he heard his own heart pummeling his chest. With a buzz, then a click, an old incandescent light ran down the walls. Slow, yellow, hot.



"You'll have to prove you deserve to be here, Roberto," Anachronica said.

prove She searched through the boxes, lifting and throwing their cardboard lids aside. One, two, three boxes. Inside the fourth, she found a small black backpack. "You four will leave immediately for your mission in the Hero's Retreat, and you won't come back until you accomplish it. Understood?" She turned around. "Here, take them." Anachronica gave each one of them a digital wristwatch. "There's no time to go back to the armory; you'll use whatever you have with you, plus these. Use them as comms, it's the best I can do."

Léon scoffed. "So we'll have no backup from the HQ? No last-minute intel, nothing?"

Satina let out a long sigh and at least a dozen foul words. "I doubt the Twins will want to help us now. Where are the Neural Nullifiers?"

"Unfortunately, we don't have any armor or shield enhancer here. These"—Anachronica gestured towards the many boxes around—"are all outdated."

"Oh, boy." Satina hid her face with both hands.

Léon chuckled. There was more desperation than joy in his voice. "Well, we don't have our uniforms here. Should we just go around in jeans and t-shirts?"

Anachronica's voice was frosty. "You can go around naked for all I care." She turned to the mannequins, taking random pieces of clothing from them. "This wouldn't be happening if you had followed Iara's orders and checked Bear for bugs and trackers. Thoroughly , that's what she said."

go around Thoroughly Léon zeroed in on Anachronica and took in a sharp breath. "Well, he spent Goddess-knows how much time with you, being beaten up and tortured. You could've done that. You should've done that the very second he entered this damned building!" His face was redder by the second.

should've "Leo, not here," Satina whispered.

Anachronica licked her lips. "I'll save myself the trouble of explaining the kind of jamming tech we have in Lady Bùlgarus's office. You can make a formal complaint once you're back. If you come back."

If Rob took a step forward. "Understood."

"Good. Take whatever equipment you see fit and go." Anachronica stopped and gripped a dark leather coat from a nearby mannequin. "One more thing." She turned back from the boxes and looked at Rob. "Did you kill The Gunslinger?"

Roberto furrowed his eyebrows, trembling hands curled into fists. "No. I didn't."

The woman stared at him. She studied his eyes, licked her lips, and nodded. Anachronica held out the trench coat for him. "What a pity."

***

Hovering AVs buzzed down the street behind them under the indigo, cloudy sky of May. After rocketing outside Invidia, the four of them rushed to old Egg Yolk. Wash me had been written in the rear windshield, and a garbage compactor lay open, spilling food leftovers from the nearby restaurant against the side of the vehicle.

Wash me Rob couldn't hear their pursuers anymore, but his heart was still racing. He never thought he would fear for his life like he had done back in Invidia.

Léon bashed a fist on the roof of the NAV. "This is so frustrating." He gave Rob a pointed look, then pulled his keystick from his pocket. "We belong there! How can one person ruin that so easily?"

belong one person Something ached in his chest. Rob looked to the side, trying to hide the hurt in his eyes. He never expected to be welcomed here, but hearing something like that from Léon hurt more than he could imagine.

Focus, Roberto. Remember the plan.

Focus, Roberto. Remember the plan. "Yeah, well." Satina took deep intakes of air. "The milk is all over the floor now, and we need some money to clean it. The more, the better." She straightened her posture. "We'll go to Hero's Retreat. What time does it open, Roberto?"



Mary studied the black backpack Anachronica had given them while Léon tried to unlock his NAV with his trembling hands.

"Lunch ends at three, but the place opens again at seven." Rob rested his back on the side of the NAV, his chest heaving. He glanced at Léon's furious expression, then averted his gaze to the side.

"Right. What time is it?" Satina said.

Mary looked at the sky. "A quarter to seven. Can we stop somewhere for a wee coffee? I need something really sweet."

Satina nodded. "We'll change to the clothes Anachronica gave us in the NAV and—"

"No," Rob said. "Let's go in like civilians. It'll be easier, trust me."

"We don't," Léon muttered. Rob set a pair of pained eyes on him, but Léon was unfazed.

"With civilian clothes, then," Satina said. "And in our way, we'll stop somewhere and grab a coffee for Mary. Sounds good?"

Mary beamed, nodding.

"Good. Let's go. Our first task is to fit four of us in a two-seat NAV." Satina smirked. "I'll drive."

***

The Hero's Retreat was a tight 3-story building with no more than five meters of front. It was cozy, lit by dim yellow light, and covered by wooden panels, photographs, and journal clippings that showed Brash and his pupils' heroic doings. Also, it was crowded, and, to their relief, there were no supers in sight.

"... So it was super, super clumsy of me to do it, Deary Ro-Beary, I'm very sorry."

super "It's all right, Mary." Rob grimaced while he tried to dry the scalding coffee she had spilled on his black pants.

With a satisfied smile, Léon raised an arm to order their beers and a plate of breaded mushrooms. Was he glad to see Rob in pain?

glad Rob scoffed. "Am I being such an inconvenience for you, your majesty?"

"Yes." Léon crossed his arms.

Of course. Rob had forgotten how moody Léon could get when things didn't go the way he wanted.

Rob dropped the coffee-soaked napkins on the table and took a deep breath. "So," he began. His thick fingers brushed the empty holes in his ears, where his piercings once lay. "We'll have to start this shite at some point."

Léon gazed at the clock on the wall. It was already eight forty-five. The memorial slash birthday party for The Gunslinger should be close to an end. They'd need to hurry. Their waiter approached the table, bringing their beers.

After the waiter left, Rob said, "The Mayor's office is locked from the inside, but there's an air duct in there. I'll need someone to enter through it and open the door, so I can go in to unlock the vault. I'd go through the duct myself, but"—he flexed his muscles—"I won't fit." Rob chugged his beer and batted the empty mug on the table.

Satina raised an eyebrow and pushed her beer towards Roberto. "I'll unlock the doors remotely until you reach the third floor, then. You act normal."

Rob nodded. He reached for Satina's beer, but Léon took it.

"Are you sure I can't open the vault myself?" Léon asked. "It'll be easier if I can go in and out through the ducts without hacking anything."

"You won't know how to access the vault. I will."

Satina rolled her eyes. "Okay. I will invade the system and reprogram the locks; I just need to find a node to access it—but if I do, I won't be able to help you with anything else cause I'll be locked outside. You two will have to manage the rest on your own. Can you do that?"

Léon rested his gaze on Rob. "I'd prefer to take care of the escape route. Mary and Rob can—"

Mary laughed. "Oh, silly-Leleo, I wouldn't want to go through an air duct . My pretty dress would get dirty!"

air duct Roberto held the beer mug in Léon's hand. "Sadly. I, too, would prefer to work with Mary. She seems a lot more professional."

Leo raised an eyebrow. He let go of the glass and watched as Roberto pulled the beer, then downed it.

"Mary can't help me with the vault," Rob said. "Only you can."

Satina and Léon exchanged a look.

"It's decided, then." Satina took Rob's empty mug and jerked her chin towards the bar.

Beside it, Rob saw a black box. An electrical panel.

"With some luck, I'll find a network cable or something in there. Leave it to me and go to your positions. Hey," Satina called before the other three could walk away. "Nicknames only from now on."

***

*** Hey, you! Thank you so much for reading, I hope you enjoyed this chapter. If you did, please don't forget to vote! What was your favorite part?

Hey, you! Thank you so much for reading, I hope you enjoyed this chapter. If you did, please don't forget to vote! What was your favorite part? Since I'm owning you guys 2 chapters now, this week we'll have a double update ;) See you on Thursday!

Since I'm owning you guys 2 chapters now, this week we'll have a double update ;) See you on Thursday!





fifteen: The real Sapphire


Fire Sapphire didn't choose her moniker.

Celena McCockay, daughter of The Mayor and sister of The Gunslinger, was always their little doll—and when Antônio McCockay decided to baptize his sister's rare, mystical blacksmithing abilities in honor of a silly character from a 2030s children's show, she said nothing. She nodded, smiled, and thought, here, I am loved. Here, I have a family.

here, I am loved. Here, I have a family. Years later, when Roberto Tapir joined them and questioned her nickname, Celena—then sixteen—felt suddenly ashamed. And angry. And she snapped at him as if Rob was the one to always treat her like a used napkin.

"Who are you to say my relationship with my family is toxic?" she had yelled.

"Who are you to say my relationship with my family is toxic?" "I'm the bloody one person who sees there's something wrong in here," Rob had answered.

"I'm the bloody one person who sees there's something wrong in here," Those words, said in a quiet eve in 2035, twelve years ago, had never left her mind. Things had been different back then. She hadn't believed him.

Now she did.

Celena put her high heels on while Hernando finished zipping her long-sleeved, navy-blue dress. He kissed her nape, her shoulder, and the lowest part of her cheek.

"Feeling better?" His voice was silky and warm as his hands ran down her muscular arms, then slid to her thighs. "A little massage and some good exercise can do wonders to our nerves."

She turned around. Hernando raised a hand to her cheek and placed a gentle kiss on her forehead. Celena caressed his pink hair and slid her hands on his chest, smiling as she recalled the kisses she had spread on those muscles.

"More focused, yes. And calm. I see what I have to do now." She pecked his lips. "Thank you, Neves."

Hernando chuckled. "You're quite welcome, McCockay. Anytime." He brushed a strand of her hair behind her ear, then kissed her temple.

Her chest burned with that already familiar feeling. Maybe she loved him. Maybe, out of all the men and women she'd dated, Hernando was really the one.

the one. Her room was decorated with marble and white plasmetal, fully equipped with the latest technologies available in New Continent. On the floor below them, Brash McCockay, the rest of the Heroic League, and every important figure in New Continent celebrated Celena's deceased brother's birthday. Inside her room, the smell of sex and fennel scented candles burned on her warm skin.

Celena raised to her feet and crossed the bedroom. She checked her image in the mirror and narrowed her eyes, reaching for her make-up.

"C' mere." Hernando found his suitcase and fished inside for his favorite shade of pink. "Let me retouch it for you."

Celena smiled and walked back to her bed.

"I never liked the idea of tech doing what I'm good at. There's nothing like a human touch in one's make-up." Hernando pressed the tip of his index finger on the powder, then tapped it across her cheeks and at the center of her lips. He clicked the blush closed and placed it back into his suitcase. "All ready. You're beautiful, Sapphi." He smiled and caressed her jaw. "Ready to go? Your da will be furious if you don't get to the party on time."

"Father's always furious. I don't care anymore." Celena tilted her head to the side and puckered her lips. She slid them around his middle finger, whispering a thousand unspoken promises. Cotton's finger tensed against her tongue, and Celena knew he would blush if the dark brown of his skin permitted it.

"Sapphi..."

"Mmm?"

He gulped, eyelids heavy, breathing even heavier. "Celena," he mumbled. "W-we have to... to go to the party."



"Hmm." She released his finger with a pop and pressed a warm kiss on its tip.

"Maybe later on?"

She chuckled. "Always. Say what you will to my father. Make people see you, mingle, then meet me outside." She got up.

"Outside?" Hernando said. He had a confused smile on his lips and dirty thoughts spread all over his face. The man reached for his shock pink and white suit.

"Yes, Cotton. We first work hard, then we play harder."

Hernando smacked his lips and sighed. "And you expect to work on what, exactly?" he asked, slipping on his suit.

He was never one to rush into the unknown, so Celena understood his hesitation. She studied him. Hernando started to button up his white shirt, and the mechanical, hard way he moved showed how tense he felt.

"We have a lot to investigate, Cotton. There are a lot of untold stories here, and I want to uncover all of them. Starting with Rob's. We have to find him and talk to him."

"Well, this is our mission, right? Your da was clear about this."

The woman gritted her teeth. He didn't understand.

"No, he wasn't. My father wants us to find and secure him. You want to follow orders while making sure your friend is alive. And I just want one thing, Hernando." Celena turned to him and rested her hands on his shoulders. "I want to know what Daddy is hiding. But to discover it, you'll have to keep quiet about everything we find out about Grizzly Bear. Father sent you to keep an eye on me, I'm sure of it. He knows you'll keep him informed. No. Do not deny it."

"He's worried about you. He's worried about what Antonio's condition may have—"

"Condition?" Celena cut in. "Hernando, he's fucking dead !" she shouted. "My father put a fucking corpse in a damned ice cube and called it an induced coma ! Now the old man is worried about my allegiance and what kind of scandal I can make out of it." She bit down her lower lip and huffed. "Fuck!" She punched the side of her plasmetal wardrobe. It bent to her force. "I just need to know I can trust you, Nando. I need you to hide our progress from my father, nothing else. Would you do this for me?"

dead induced coma He took a deep breath, placing a hand on his chest.

"Would you?" she insisted.

"Sapphi, you know how much your father means to me. I cannot betray his trust. I won't lie!"

Celena sighed a breathless, ironic laugh. "For fuck's sake."

"I would never betray him, but..."

"I'm not asking you to betray him, Cotton—"

"We have our orders, Sapphi! I'll follow our orders. If we don't—"

She didn't let him finish. Celena pushed him away. "You're exactly the same, aren't you? You didn't change, did you? It's fucking college all over again!"

Hernando jumped on his feet and scrambled to hold her hand. "No, no, no. Celena... please. I'd never betray you, either. Listen to me, Celena. Lena!"

She stopped, huffing. Her eyes were starting to water. "He's hiding something from me, and I'm afraid of what it might be, Nando. Don't you understand?"

Hernando Neves held her face. He pulled her closer and embraced her.

Celena shoulders tensed; she turned her face away. "At least tell me what's the deal between you two."

With a long sigh, Hernando moved his eyes skyward and muttered a line of Spanish swearing. After some hesitance, he finally said,

"All right, Celena. Sit down."



***

*** "...And then I said—if you really think I'll fall for that, you have no idea what's ready to haunt you, pal!"

The group laughed. Celena took a sip of her champagne, then offered a polite smile to Ghosthunter, who always managed to ghost any possibility of an interesting conversation. He smiled back, proud and ignorant, and Celena wondered how could one man be so blatantly dense.

"That was a good one," she said in an almost-monotone. "Excuse me."

Celena sashayed away and walked through the crowd, crossing the room. Bossa nova, Antônio's favorite, echoed from the sound boxes as projected palm leaves danced on the white walls. The Mayor's rules were clear for both the decoration and the guest's outfits: all colors were allowed, except mourning-black. Celena stopped at the bar, refilled her glass, then walked towards the closed french doors that would function as her escape.

She held the knob.

"Celena," he called. Her father.

"Yes, Mayor?"

The old man pursed his lips and loosened his tie. The Mayor, dressed in a cream pantsuit, had his beard shaved for the very first time in the past year. There was a worry in his gaze, and cookie crumbles on his red tie. The day before, before discovering the set of information she now had, Celena would nag about his levels of glucose and would give him an endearing sermon about his health. Not anymore.

"I hope you're not thinking about going away, pup. We need you at the party. I need you at the party."

I Celena faked a pretty convincing smile. She walked up to her father and raised perfectly manicured fingers to his tie.

"Do you remember when Hernando and I broke up? How you tried to convince me he was good for me?" She tugged at his silk tie. "And do you remember to which lengths you went to convince me of that? With an intervention, surprise visits, dates, and mandatory missions together?"

First, Brash smiled. Then, slowly, his expression fell into seriousness. "You talked to him. Did he...?" Brash cleared his throat. "Mr. Neves is one of the best in our ranks, Celena—and a respectful, intelligent, and capable man. It's a pleasure and an honor to have him as my son-in-law."

She smiled. "And rich. He's dirty rich, Father. Son of the most powerful doctors and hospital owners of both New and Old Continent."

Brash's expression hardened. "You know I don't care about money or social position."

Celena raised an eyebrow. Her eyes drifted to the expensive white tapestries around her. Large paintings of influential figures hung on the walls; on the floor, expensive marble and gold marked each square cube of the tiles; on the ceiling, detailed, costly paintings showed Old Continent's biggest cities. Celena's gaze followed back to the intricate, golden embroidery on Brash's suit, and she smiled an ironic smile, only then adjusting her father's tie.

"I know that very well, Father. It's just Antônio you care about, right?" She kissed his forehead. "We need Hernando's influence and money for him, right? Not for you."

Brash's eyes widened.

"Cryostasis is not cheap, is it? And getting medical approval to put a disfigured carcass through a billion-creds medical procedure like this must have been even harder, right?"

"Listen here, Celena—"

She ignored him. "I mean, how much of our resources did you give up to keep Antônio in there, Father? How many Old Continentians starve so he would stay as the mutilated popsicle he is?" She narrowed her eyes, a hint of cruel enjoyment in her voice.

popsicle Brash's face reddened more and more at each word. "You dare to...!"

dare "I see why you need Hernando, father. I see why you sold me to him." She patted his cheek. "I get it. This advanced dowry was really brilliant." She took a step backward. "Historically, though, the bride's family is the one who brings the money on cases like this." She rested her delicate fingers on her chest. "And this bride will make sure to pay him up to the last cent. But... now the money is mine too, you know." Her voice hardened. "So you can forget about the monthly installments Hernando used to send you; they're not coming anymore. I'll revert them back to the charities you promised to help. Find another way to pay for Antônio's glass coffin."

sold me now Celena was about to turn and walk away when Brash gripped her wrist. He tightened his fingers—and his force was so great Celena winced, despite the super strength of her body. Her fingers darkened, her bones cracked and snapped. The red glimmer of Brash's tattoos tinted the inner side of his suit and spread a demonic shade of violence over his features.

Celena furrowed her brows, using the pain and the anger as fuel to coat her arm with a thick layer of energy. She didn't blink and didn't avert her gaze. She didn't fear him.

"What, Father? Was it something I said?"

"Don't you dare, Celena. I'm warning you," he growled, his hand pressing even tighter, his voice undertoned with bestiality.

dare, He was too strong. He was even stronger than she thought. Her façade cracked. "Father, you're hurting me."

stronger hurting Around them, one or two pairs of curious eyes already watched the scene. One, two, then a third snap came from Selena's wrist. Then Brash let her go.

Then He staggered a step, and his tattoos dimmed. His eyes were wide, his lips trembly, his face shining with sweat.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean..."

"I hate you," she whispered, holding her hurt wrist against her chest. "I. Hate. You."

hate Hate. Brash raised a shaky hand to his forehead. "No. No, you don't," he whispered. "You'll understand, Celena. I'm sure you will." He leaned forward and opened the door behind her. "Now... be where you need to be, child. Discover what you think you should. I'm sure you'll see I'm doing the right thing here. I have almost everything I need to complete it, and when I do... you'll love me. I'm sure of it."

Celena pursed her lips and raised her chin. Her wrist throbbed with pain when she closed the french doors at her back.

Licked by moonlight, Hernando's expression seemed even more shocked than she expected.

"Celena, I'm... I... I'm so sorry, I had no idea he would... he's... Let me see," he asked, reaching for her wrist.

Celena raised a hand to stop him.

"Did you hear what he said?" she asked, walking to him. Her voice was strong, but her light eyes were watered and filled with pain. "If our orders were all that kept you from helping me, there you have them. The Mayor wants us to investigate whatever I want." She dried her tries with a brusque swipe of her hand. "That's what we're gonna do."

***

*** A.N./ The song for this chapter is a classic Brazilian rhythm called "Bossa nova." This is what was playing during the second scene of the chapter ;)

A.N./ The song for this chapter is a classic Brazilian rhythm called "Bossa nova." This is what was playing during the second scene of the chapter ;) I hope you're enjoying the read! If you are, please don't forget to vote. I'm just wrapping up the next chapter, you'll see it soon! :D

I hope you're enjoying the read! If you are, please don't forget to vote. I'm just wrapping up the next chapter, you'll see it soon! :D





sixteen: The Vault, the memories - Pt I


— Rob —



— Rob — — Rob —

"In position," Rob said. He tapped his feet to the rhythm of some 2040's darkwave synth EDM while the people around him danced like the world was about to end. Rob leaned against the wall beside a black door, watching Satina from afar. Hung on the door, a small plaque read "first floor—staff only."

At the bar, Satina had a casual smile on her lips, talking to a redhead bartender who seemed terribly interested in her cleavage. Satina pointed at something across the bar, her lips moved, she smiled, and the redhead finally obeyed, walking large steps to an expensive bottle of whiskey. While the bartender opened the bottle, Satina raised her wristwatch, pretending to brush a lock of hair behind her ear.

"I'll need a minute. Warp, Parfait, you ready?" she asked.

Léon was alone, sitting at the table they were sharing moments ago. "Yes. Waiting for the location."

"And I'm planning our escape." When Mary spoke, the loud sound of the traffic outside burst into Rob's earbuds along with her voice.

Roberto saw the bartender walking back. She reached for an empty glass under the bar and poured a double. Her silky hair fell over her shoulder, and Satina smirked, stretching a hand to caress the orange locks—and Roberto wasn't entirely sure how, but the next thing he saw was the glimmering blue of a business card taking shape between Satina's fingers. The bartender was now under her spell.

With a weirdly tender smile, Satina pocketed the card and gestured to the other patrons at the bar. While the other woman walked away, confused, Satina slid closer to the black box beside the bar and pressed a small device against it.

"I'm ready now," she said, sliding a small screen off her wristwatch. "Scanning the system."

Léon's voice came with a nervous undertone. "Be quick. I just received a caipirinha from a dude."

caipirinha Rob frowned. He looked at where Léon was and saw a muscular man in a tight suit staring at him. Rob was sure the buttons in that man's suit would pop and fly into a passerby's eye if he moved too much. Pumped-suit winked at Léon, raising his glass from the table across the bar.

"Why a caipirinha? What does that mean?" Rob asked.

caipirinha? Satina answered, "Means he's ready for the sweet and sour , y' know?"

sweet and sour Rob frowned. "No."

"It's sex, Rob. He wants to have sex with me," Léon said.

sex "Oh." Rob schooled his expression, trying to undo the crease between his eyebrows. "Bloke got no class, then. A chockablock place like this, and he seriously thinks..." He shifted in place, crossing his arms. "Just tell the daft to sod off."

"What is a daft , Deary-Beary?" Mary asked as a loud honk burst into his earbuds.

daft "Well... it's another word for stupid ," Rob answered.

stupid "Bear?" Léon said.

"Hm?"

" Sod off. "

Sod off. Rob scoffed. He raised his eyes and met the intense brown of Léon's glare. Perhaps, Rob thought, he was still angry at him. Now, that would be funny. Wasn't Léon the one who was playing with his mind, back at Invidia? Roberto should be angry, not him!

Léon Roberto "Got the blueprints." Still sitting at the bar, Satina pulled the blue card from her pocket and called the bartender, who fended off a handsome blond trying to start a conversation. "Head for the ladies' restroom, Warp. You'll find an air duct entrance on the wall above the third bathroom stall."



"Oh, thank Goddess. On my way," Léon answered.

"What about the locks, Bureau?" Rob asked.

"They're as easy as Warp."

"Seriously, B?" Léon muttered.

There was amusement woven in each of her words. "Tards didn't protect the pulse patterns sent by the mainframe. I just have to intercept and manip the locking signal to open them. Hold on."

"Waiting." Rob moved his eyes skyward, then glanced back at pumped-suit. Rob looked way better in his tuxedo. He crossed his arms and watched the dance floor. In the crowd, Rob saw a young woman dancing.

way better His heart raced.

Black box braids covered the sides of her head, and her thick, sleek black hair reached almost the middle of her back. She had full, amazonian-brown lips a few shades darker than her skin, and eyes that reminded him of his mother. She was exactly like Rafaela. Like his sister. A pang of remorse spread in his chest.

exactly Rob averted his eyes to the bar.

Satina wore a content smile while typing in a small device. "Signal intercepted. Are you in position, Warp?"

"No. There's a queue in the women's bathroom. Why is there a damned queue in a bathroom?"

"Cause we don't just shake and go," Satina answered. "Be creative. And fast. Air ducts' locks are connected to the doors' security system, so it'll be best if I can send the two altered security patterns together, to avoid detection."

Rob blinked. He was hearing them, but not listening. He knew that woman couldn't be Rafaela. His sister was already bald, weak, and pale. Despite all the advances in medicine, cancer was still as mortal as it was thirty years before. But... the more she danced...

Léon's voice came in through the comms. "Okay, I'm in position. Had to fake an almost-barf, but it worked."

"Bear, you ready to go in?" Satina asked.

The guy appeared out of nowhere. He was just a random drunkard, with somber eyes and a twisted expression, but he got too close to the dancing woman. He bumped his back on her side, and she lost balance, staggering a couple of steps to the side. She turned around to look at the drunkard, eyebrows furrowed.

"Bear, what are you doing?" Satina said.

Rob stopped in his tracks. When he noticed where he was, he stood already halfway to the woman, lips pursed and fists tight, ready to smack the drunkard's face.

" Bear ?"

Bear He turned around. His heart pummeled against his chest, his breathing was irregular, and the depths of his stomach were covered with ice. His eyes met Satina's confused gaze through the crowd. He licked his lips and took a deep breath.

"Got it. On my way." Rob glanced back at the woman on the dance floor one last time. With a tight knot in his throat, he found a blonde, pale teenager in her place, instead of the indigenous woman he had seen. To prove they were the same person, the clothes and the furious expression were still the same.

What the bloody fuck was happening to him? Was Léon messing with his head?

fuck Rob marched back to where he was before, trying to control his breathing. The first door opened to him and closed at his back shortly after he stepped inside. He took a deep breath.

Perhaps he had just too many memories of that place. Perhaps that was natural, a reflex of his personality enhancement. Toni, Celena, Rafaela, and he were inseparable back then. While Celena and Rafa danced or emptied other people's pockets on the pool table, he and Toni looked for refuge behind locked doors.



Doors like the one he had just entered.

Rob looked up, and his eyes followed the steep diagonal of steps. Much like the ground floor, everything was made of wood, with hand-painted panels showing exuberant palm leaves. At the sides, big pots of flowered strelitzias framed the immense photos hung on the wall. Hot, yellow light lent the place an atmosphere from another decade.

He had walked around that place countless times with Antônio. More than once, he and The Gunslinger had used those steps for all sorts of indecent, passionate activities. Against the door, with Toni's back bashing on it, was definitely Rob's favorite. Oh, how he clawed at his neck. Also on the steps with Rob on his knees, running his tongue—

"Bear, how long until you reach the second door?"

Rob swallowed. Hard. Vivid images came and went, weighing down on his thoughts like water over the depths of the ocean. Something was definitely wrong in that place... and that scared the hell out of him. His breath caught in his throat. He touched the wooden railing where Toni would sit—he could almost see Antônio on there, arms and legs spread for him, always offering his best, both in lust and affection.

definitely hell Holy nougat. He could almost feel the velvety, soft texture against his tongue. It'd been too long since the last time he sucked a—

Holy nougat. " Roberto ," Satina repeated, interrupting his thoughts. "If I have to call you another time, I swear to Goddess I'll geld you with my bare hands."

Roberto He cleared his throat. "Blimey, can't a man have a single moment alone with his thoughts?" The low tone in his voice tried to hide how trembly it felt.

"Not during a mission," Léon answered. "I'm locked inside a damned air duct, so I'd appreciate it if you could, you know, rush . It's so damned tight in here."

rush tight Oh, boy. Léon definitely didn't help.

"Ah, bloody fuck." Rob scratched his nape and cleared his throat. "Aye, understood." With a second sigh, he sneaked forward.

He finished climbing the steps and took a right. From a distance, Rob heard the muffled sounds of a holotelly tuned into the eSports channel while a big group of people cheered and cursed together.

"...I told you they'd lose first blood. Ganked in the jungle, no less. You owe me fifty!" said a woman.

"Well, that Greta is the best nuker I've ever seen," a man added. "But Lord Loris still didn't join the team fight. Let's wait a bit."

is "Aaand, there we go. Double kill," a third voice said. "I wanna see how your Lord Loris will recover from that."

"It's always a pentakill at twelve minutes with Loris, you'll see."

Rob reached the open door and took a deep breath. He needed to be cautious. Through the shadows cast on the corridor, Rob counted five guards. Peeking over his shoulder and into the room, he saw they were fully armored, carrying guns that seemed twice as big as his own arms.

Easy now, Roberto. He held his breath and let his back run down against the wall. Rob crouched, then rolled forward, making that big, bulky, burly body stop almost a meter away, with the clumsy shake of someone who's not used to gymnastics. He dug the tips of his feet on the floor, so he wouldn't fall back, then stopped to regain his balance.

Easy now, Roberto. It sufficed to say he was built for the thick of the action, not for the discretion of a spy.

As he got up, his foot found a creaky wooden plank on the floor. He froze, waiting for any reactions from the guards.

"Hey," said the woman.

Rob's heart raced.

"Game's rad and all, but... shouldn't we be out there?" she said. "The Mayor will be furious if he discovers we're not patrolling."

Rob sighed pure relief and kept walking.

"Don't worry, Fannie. No one is brave or crazy enough to invade this place. I've been working here for fifteen years, and not even once we..." the phrase died in the distance.

Rob rounded a corner and followed to a narrow red door. "I'm in position," he whispered.

"Shit," Satina said. "Get away from the door, Bear. Quick, hide!"

His eyes widened. He took a step aside and flattened his back against the wall, finding cover behind a tall pot of strelitzias. Not a moment later, the red door opened.

"...So I said, if you ever try that again, I'll be the one to leave. And then he just left . I mean... can you believe it?"

if you ever try that again, I'll be the one to leave. left "Todd was always like that. He just doesn't give a shit about protocol."

Clipped by the spiked leaves of the strelitzia, Rob saw three guards leaving through the red door. They stopped for a moment, while one of them pushed the door closed, then the trio followed down the corridor. After a moment, he heard a loud cheering coming from the holotelly room. Pentakill , they shouted.

Pentakill Roberto took a deep breath. He sneaked out of cover, then followed to the door again. "In position. Again."

The lock opened.

"Finally," Léon muttered.

The second floor was empty. Rob saw security screens spread through the empty corridors and withering flowers that seemed all but forgotten. By the middle of the second floor, he raised to his full height and sauntered to the third door. "Reached the third lock, waiting for Léon to unlock it."

Not a moment later, a long series of metallic sounds filled the place. When the door squeaked open, Rob was welcomed by Léon's miffed expression.

"Did I just climb three fucking floors, canned inside an air duct, to open two damned deadbolts and a chain lock?"

Rob smiled and placed a hand on his shoulder. "I knew you could do it."

Léon huffed and pivoted around to climb the steps. As he did, Rob lowered his gaze. Something pressed against his ears, burning and churning. He raised his eyes and saw his ex-fiancé's dirty blond hair.

Toni glanced back over his shoulder and smirked. "Come to me, Robbie-Bear. I'm waiting for you. Hurry up!"

"Come to me, Robbie-Bear. I'm waiting for you. Hurry up!" He shut his eyes and opened them again.

" Hurry up !" Léon said.

Hurry up Rob closed the door behind him and jumped up the steps, two at a time.

The Mayor's office was much like what he remembered. A Victorian-styled little library with another of Brash's many mahogany desks. On the table lay a jar labeled "cookies," and, on the floor, the deep markings on the hardwood showed that things had been moved around. From the wide windows, a striped luminosity licked everything inside, casting weird shadows that changed as the néon letterings outside turned on and off behind the blinds. A brown leather chair stood in the middle of the room, facing the entrance as if occupied by a living shadow.

Rob gulped, feeling a chill climb up his spine. "Okay. Brash moved a lot of shite in here, but, if I recall correctly..." He walked to the first bookshelf and held its sides. Rob pulled it slowly, moving it away from the wall. A black rectangle waited for them, nothing but a drawing on the wall.

"That's the door I need you to open, Leo."

***

*** Hello, everyone!

Hello, everyone! Thank you for reading this chapter, I'd love to know what you thought about it. If you enjoyed the read, please remember to vote!

Thank you for reading this chapter, I'd love to know what you thought about it. If you enjoyed the read, please remember to vote!





seventeen: The vault, the memories - Pt II




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Léon with Bonee (the lavender female) and Lampee (the purple male), his tigers. And yes, Bonee is a lot bigger!

Léon with Bonee (the lavender female) and Lampee (the purple male), his tigers. And yes, Bonee is a lot bigger! — Rob —

— Rob — — Rob — Léon raised an eyebrow. "You're joking. Right? This is just a drawing on a wall."

Rob's lips curled up. "It's an old trick Brash learned with the lasses of the Shadow union, back in Old Continent." He walked forward and rested a hand on the wall. "You know the seventy-nine identified derelict traces powering our abilities, yeah? The microscopic organisms in the artic that changed us?"

Léon rolled his eyes. "Of course I do."

"Right. There are several types of them, like elements in the periodic table. They interact with each other and—"

"Yes. I know. Tell me about the damned door."

know. Rob stared at Léon's eyes for a moment. He had been seeing a lot of weird shite when he was close to Léon—and he thought Léon was the one behind them. But...

"Bear, tell me about the door," Léon insisted.

Why would he do that? Would he lie about losing his memory only to get his revenge?

Rob knew him. Léon wasn't like that.

knew "Yeah. Sorry. Uh." He cleared his throat. "The shadow trace interacts with light and psychic traces to create this beauty here. A solid illusion. It's undetectable by our modern tech, easily ignored by invaders, and secure. As you well know, those three derelict traces are subdued only by one of the strongest and rarest of all traces. Something people usually call—"

"Purple matter. The cosmic trace, I know." Léon raised his chin with something Rob believed to be arrogance. "That's... where my powers come from."

Roberto opened a wide, warm smile that tinted Léon's cheeks with a soft shade of pink. He used to brag about his trace as a kid and was scared of it as a teenager. Now, as it seemed, the feeling had changed yet again.

"Exactly." Rob's voice was as smooth as velvet. "Which means..."

Léon raised his eyes, and his eyebrows followed. "I can break it."

"Bingo." Rob walked to the bookcase and pushed it further away from the wall. "You'll need more space, though. I'll help you with that."

Léon paused. "How do you know my power trace?"

my "Saw your tigers," Rob lied. He was starting to get good at it. He walked around the bookcase and pulled it, making a long, grating noise.

"Nu-uh." Léon shook his head. "There are dozens of combinations that create animals like mine. I could use dream, dust, or a mix of a matter-based trace with—"

dozens "Léon." Rob opened and closed his lips. "Look. You told me about it. All right?" He walked away from the bookcase and closer to Léon. "We... we knew each other." He looked down. "In fact..." when I had no one, you were my only... friend.

when I had no one, you were my only... friend.

A voice interrupted them. "Bear, Warp, you there?"

For a heartbeat, Léon only stared at Roberto, and then he raised his comm. "We're here, B."

When Satina spoke, a distant honk poured in along with wheel screeches and ambient conversation. "I'm already outside. My contract with the bartender wore off, and she's now talking to one of the guards. You have to rush."

"How long do we have?"

"Ten minutes until they realize what I was doing, ten more to crack the codes I placed for safekeeping the doors, and three to reach you."

"Got it." He turned around. "We have no time for that. Tell me what to do, Bear."

Rob nodded.

A while later, he watched as Léon rested his hands on the wall. His powers were nothing like what he remembered. They seemed to ring a trembly, insecure tune that reverberated on Rob's tattoos with a sickening weakness. What had happened to the beautiful symphony those powers played? What had happened to his Léon?

Rob bit the inside of his cheeks. He would need to change that. He would need Léon to unlock those damned powers, so he could bloody use them.

"Listen," he said, maybe a tad harsher than he intended. "It's just a game of light and shadows, Leo. Purple matter absorbs and creates both, so what you have to do is to let your instincts act."

Léon furrowed his eyebrows even more.

"Concentrate." Taking a deep breath, Roberto spread a hand on the small of Léon's back. He slowly slid it upward, putting pressure on the tips of his fingers. "Focus on my hand. Your powers are concentrated here. Release them." He stepped even closer and whispered, " Feel it, Léon . This is the path your energy will be doing inside you. Do you feel it?"

Feel it, . Léon quivered under his touch, slicing a smirk on Rob's lips.

"Yes."

"Good... now use it ."

use it Léon took a deep breath. Standing behind him, Rob watched with interest as a thin fabric of cosmic trace covered his hands. The curtain that used to appear at his sides was now around his shoulders, weaving towards the door as if it had a mind of its own. A high-pitched screech started and intensified while Léon repositioned his hands on the drawing, his right hand up, his left hand down... to the right... no, left. When he found the right place, he dug his fingers on the wall, piercing the surface as if it was made of clay. It rippled and bobbed, a dough-made glitch in reality.

"Bloody hell," Rob muttered, rounding him to watch his profile. Léon's eyes blackened while his braid, clothes, and the ethereal mantle on his shoulders whisked and danced under a breeze that didn't exist.

Léon tugged on the wall. Once. Twice. He spread his legs, lowered his head, pursed his lips. He pulled it a third time and, with a dry thud, a thick layer of dust and speckles of light slid out. His muscles flexed as he lifted the thick door and threw it aside. Instead of smashing everything in its path, the door dissolved into dust. Along with it, the ethereal mantle around his shoulders disappeared.

He stood frozen in place, panting, his eyes wide. Where the drawing of the door once stood, there was now a rectangular hole in the wall.

"Well done, mate!" Rob gave Léon's shoulders a firm squeeze. His hand slipped down his back. "I knew you could do it, Léon."

"I really did it. I can't believe I really did it!"

Rob chuckled as Léon staggered a step backward. There was pure bliss in his smile and a proud glimmer in his eyes.



"You know what I can do, right? You know things I don't remember. About me."

"Yeah." Roberto entered the vault.

His heart sank into his stomach. The place was an exact copy of the office they were in and nothing else: the same desk, the same bookshelves, the same rugs, paintings, everything. There were no bloody secrets in there. No fucking schematics, list of leaseholds, prisoners, or hints of where Rafaela could be. It was not the bloody right place.

fucking not It was a failure!

"That means you can train me, right? Maybe I..." Léon barged into the vault. He trailed off, and Rob heard the hesitance in his voice when he said, "Bear? Why does the vault look exactly like the room we're in?"

exactly Rob bit down his lower lip. "That's..."

Léon opened his lips and closed. His face reddened. "There's nothing inside. It's empty." He shoved Rob aside. "It's empty, and we'll have nothing to show Iara! How can we... and how the other villains..." He stopped. Wars were waged with less intensity than Léon's eyes had at that moment. Finally, he growled, "No time to waste. We'll find something we can show back at Invidia. I don't care what."

something He turned around and rocketed to the first bookshelf. "Please let there be something in here," he mumbled. Léon rushed to a second bookshelf and raised his eyes. Rob hadn't moved yet. "Hey! Wake up, Bear! You were wrong, get over it. Let's find a solution!"

Rob nodded and checked his watch. If Satina was correct, the guards would be entering that office in less than six minutes... five. Five minutes. His eyes burned under a thin layer of tears.

"Bear!"

There was no response. Instead, Rob walked towards the mahogany desk and started checking every inch of it, pressing and sliding his fingers on the wood. He was tired.

Four minutes.

Rob hit a pile of books, sending a couple of them to the floor. He reached for them, but stumbled on the Arabic rug, gripped the table for support, and hit his knee on the damned handle of one of the drawers.

"Bloody...!" Rob growled.

Rob had had enough of this.

He'd endured as much as he could. Being kept on a leash, forbidden to use his own powers, his fiancé's death, being blamed for it, Rafaela's disappearance, then the drama around his identity, and the long months diving into the most dangerous missions, like a kamikaze ready to explode.

Finally, the past two months. The shite he had discovered, seen, heard, and suffered... and then Léon. Léon Dickens, the boy who had sworn to be always there for him; the lad that had promised to be always his shield; the man who had promised him his heart.

And he couldn't even remember him.

remember Rob's head started to ache again, worse than ever before. His physical exhaustion wasn't nearly as devastating as the state of his mind. In shaky ire, Rob grunted and swept an arm over the table, pushing down lamps, books, and piles of paper.

"Fuck. Bloody fuck!" he shouted.

Three minutes. The guards had probably broken Satina's code.

"Bear, are you... crying?"

"No. Keep searching for your sodding something , Warp. I've had enough . " He wiped his tears with the back of his hand and took a step back. His tattoos awakened.

something . "Hey, what are you doing?" Léon asked.

"I'm tired of it all. I'll trash it all. I'll destroy this whole place!" he roared. Roberto prepared a punch, enveloping his fists with dense green energy.

He glanced at the distorted clock on the wall. It was four AM, and he had just arrived home after a failed attempt to root out the villains in New Continent. He was hurt, bleeding, and broken. Furious, too. The sound of his fiance's voice pierced into his ears mid-sentence, and Rob raised his eyes to meet his.

He glanced at the distorted clock on the wall. It was four AM, and he had just arrived home after a failed attempt to root out the villains in New Continent. He was hurt, bleeding, and broken. Furious, too. The sound of his fiance's voice pierced into his ears mid-sentence, and Rob raised his eyes to meet his. "What's your problem? We could've traded those traitors for the Villains' HQ location. Two so-called-heroes' lives for the end of the conflict in New Continent... but you don't have the spine to do that. You never had."

"What's your problem? We could've traded those traitors for the Villains' HQ location. Two so-called-heroes' lives for the end of the conflict in New Continent... but you don't have the spine to do that. You never had." Rob scoffed. "Listen to yourself, Toni. You know what Jackal does to people. How can you be so bloody unmoved by the mere idea of—"

Rob scoffed. "Listen to yourself, Toni. You know what Jackal does to people. How can you be so bloody unmoved by the mere idea of—" "They betrayed us. They could've killed you and Daddy, Rob! How can you be unmoved by that?" He paused, and his jaw tightened as if to keep from saying anything more.

"They betrayed us. They could've killed you and Daddy, Rob! How can you be unmoved by that?" He paused, and his jaw tightened as if to keep from saying anything more. The window opened, and the salty air sneaked inside the bedroom along with the sound of the crashing waves.

The window opened, and the salty air sneaked inside the bedroom along with the sound of the crashing waves. "I don't... I don't recognize you anymore, Toni."

"I don't... I don't recognize you anymore, Toni." "Maybe you shouldn't be here, then," Antônio said. "You're incompetent. And weak. And I won't protect you anymore!" He crossed his arms as a crease folded between his eyebrows. "Go. Go and never come back."

"Maybe you shouldn't be here, then," Antônio said. "You're incompetent. And weak. And I won't protect you anymore!" He crossed his arms as a crease folded between his eyebrows. "Go. Go and never come back." "You know what? I don't give a fuck, Toni. To hell with it. To hell with you! We're done."

"You know what? I don't give a fuck, Toni. To hell with it. To hell with you! We're done." But he didn't have time to leave. Once Rob blinked, his eyes didn't open anymore.

But he didn't have time to leave. Once Rob blinked, his eyes didn't open anymore. They all entered through the window . It all started.

They all entered through the window It all started. It was dark, but he could hear the fighting around him. The shouts, screams, and explosions. Laughs, too. Impetuous, cruel, barbaric guffaws. He tried to open his eyes, but couldn't; there was a thick layer of sand gluing them closed.

It was dark, but he could hear the fighting around him. The shouts, screams, and explosions. Laughs, too. Impetuous, cruel, barbaric guffaws. He tried to open his eyes, but couldn't; there was a thick layer of sand gluing them closed. Rob woke up, but he wasn't in his room anymore. He staggered a step, and Léon held him close.

"Don't cry. I'll help you." There wasn't pity or confusion in Léon's eyes. There was only him . Léon.

him Rob looked down. His head started to clear, and his chest became lighter. Starting where Léon touched him, his tattoos were turning purple—and at each passing moment, Roberto felt calmer and more alive.

He opened and closed his hands. Muscles, bones, everything inside him felt awake. Healed. The confusion those visions caused were dissipating along with the hatred and the pain. "What are you doing to me?"

"I don't know," Léon whispered. "I did this at Invidia when you were about to attack Fire Sapphire. It seems to help when you're angry, I... I don't know what's happening." He tried to take his hand off of him, but Rob held his wrist.

"No, please. Stay. Just for a moment."

This was so good.

so Léon stammered a low "okay." Not a moment later, Satina's voice came in.

"Bear, Warp, I'm watching from the ground. What the fuck is happening there? I'm seeing guards all over the third floor!"

the fuck Léon cleared his throat before answering. "I know, B. They're..." The sound of powering weapons filled the room. "They're here with us."

***

*** Thank you so much for reading this chapter! Please vote if you liked it! :D

Thank you so much for reading this chapter! Please vote if you liked it! :D





eighteen: A little less conversation


— Léon —

— Léon — — Léon — "So, you really don't recognize me?" Rob scoffed. "You'll see me in a bunch of the holoframes downstairs. With Antônio, Hernando, Celena. The owners? I know them all."

really The guardswoman spread the blue lipstick on her lips and stared into his eyes. There was a glimmer of fun in her gaze and a silver circle around her irides.

Léon knew those eyes.

"I started today, so I have no idea who any of them are." The guardswoman smirked and walked over to the mahogany desk. "Why? Are you important?" She slouched on the chair and kicked her feet over the table, leaning back.

"We're... we're nobodies. Right, Leo?" Rob nudged his arm. His expression begged for a yes. "Just... just your bog-standard office workers who happen to know the owners. You know. Wearing a suit, sometimes a tie... some-ti es." He gave out a nervous chuckle. "Right? Leo?"

yes. some-ti Please ?

Please He and Rob were frozen in place, standing in the middle of the vault. A .12 augmented Saracen was aimed at their faces.

"Yes. Absolutely." Léon kept his hands in the air, but his muscles relaxed.

"Imagine that." The guardswoman chuckled and raised her gun, aiming it with a closed eye. "I wonder what two bog-standard office workers would be doing up here, behind three sets of locked doors."

bog-standard Léon sighed. Maybe Rob was a terrible liar, after all. He seemed terrified.

"This is all a misunderstanding, all right? I was told to wait here until Celena arrived." Rob tried on a smile that didn't look quite right. "I'm positive I can clear everything up if you let me talk to her."

Or maybe he was just a great actor, trying to contact his hero friends.

"That's what he's trying to do," the guardswoman said, jerking a thumb towards a second guard. "Calling The Mayor."

Léon licked his lips and moved his eyes to the man behind her. A second guard pushed the old landline's buttons, walking around the room with a furious expression. With each step, the phone's coil cord tangled more and more around his legs.

The guardswoman looked at the guardsman. "It's supposed to be the safest—and quickest—way to contact The Mayor. What's taking so long?"

"This is fucking torture , Fannie. The damned machine won't work." The guardsman punched the buttons and groaned. He bashed the handset on the cradle. "Fuck this, I'll use my phone." When he tried to walk away, the coil cord stretched and tore the old phone from its table, pulling it to the floor.

torture The guardswoman compressed a laugh. "Just go, I'll take care of it."

The guardsman nodded and marched out of the office, closing the door with a loud bang at his back.

"So," Leo said, crossing his arms as a shield. "Did Iara send you?"

The guardswoman smiled. "One day, Warp, I'll discover how you can always recognize me." She sighed and lowered her head. Her platinum-blond hair darkened along with her skin. Her straight locks curled and stretched to become her usual dreads. Her height shrunk, and clothes changed as she went back to being the scrawny, teenage-fashionista that had saved the entire group of villains a few hours before. The weapon on her hand was now nothing but a twig.

always Léon rested his elbows on the table. "What are you doing here, Tweedle-dee? I thought your mom said you shouldn't leave Invidia unsupervised."

Ida Tweedle rolled her eyes and slipped a hand into her jacket. "Well, my other Mamma wanted me to give this to you." She placed a narrow jewelry box on the table. "Mamma said you'd need it." She puffed up her chest, and the corners of her lips curled in a proud smile. "My brother's busy, so saving your asses is my first solo mission."

other

Rob raised an eyebrow, then a hand to reach for the box. Ida stopped him with a glare while Léon took it in his place.

"Well, what is this?" Léon opened it with a click. Inside the box lay a rough, old piece of twine adorned with seeds, beads, and one single yellow stone secured by a rusty filament.

is "Oh, no way ," Rob muttered in a husky tone. His voice had the type of salacity Léon was used to hearing in entirely different situations.

no way "Way." Ida smiled. She got up, threaded to the phone, and picked it up. "Mamma Iara brought it from Old Continent. It's an heirloom, she said. It should help you open the door to the vault. She also said she'll skin you alive and dip you in brine if you damage it."

Léon gulped. "What are we to do with it?"

"It's a charm the old druids used to make. It'll enhance your powers." Rob paused. His eyes lowered and lost focus as if lost in memories. "I could... show you. If you wanted to."

Ida got up from her chair. "Wait for me to leave. Mamma's old heirlooms have the terrible habit of making me ill." She walked to the door and stopped. Ida turned back to Léon and raised the twig in her hands. Once it stopped, the twig was once again a weapon, and she was the guardswoman holding it. "I'll tell them you escaped. That should give you more time. Mamma said she's curious to see what you'll find, so don't take too long."

With a wink, Ida skipped outside.

When silence settled, Léon ran the tip of his tongue over his canine tooth. He didn't trust Rob's intentions, and he didn't think Grizzly Bear was the hero he had thought. Still, Léon had a mission, and Roberto knew how to complete it.

Léon pushed the jewelry box towards him. "Let's finish this. Show me how to use it."

Rob smiled. He took the necklace and walked around Léon. "This is like a rechargeable battery. You'll feel a surge of energy. When you do, I want you to look for doors like the one you broke earlier." There wasn't an ounce of doubt in Rob as he raised the necklace and leveled it with Léon's eyes. "The surge of power lasts a minute, maybe two, and then it vanishes. You'll need to be quick. All right?"

Léon stared at the many seeds in front of him. He doubted that would work, but, "Yeah, I'm ready."

Rob lowered the necklace.

When the cold yellow stone touched his skin, Léon's sight went black.

And the world... the world started shaking.

He wasn't sure what had happened. One moment, he saw his upside-down reflection on the smooth surface of the yellow stone. The next, he couldn't feel anything . His senses were numb, and his chest was covered by a thick layer of sticky darkness. As if centuries later, Léon felt hard muscles against the side of his body. He tried to open his eyes, but everything was blurred around him. Sounds, voices, noises from the traffic, and from what seemed to be a car chase pierced his ears.

anything "... the fuck did you do to him?"

"... the fuck did you do to him?" "... —thing I swear. He just..."

"... —thing I swear. He just..." Screams, swearing, a police siren. Shots. The sounds lingered on his head as if Léon was submerged in a massive water tank. His friends' voices came and went, dissolving like clouds of colored smoke.

"... of the Goddess, Roberto. Get down, I'll take care of..."

"... of the Goddess, Roberto. Get down, I'll take care of..." "...—reful there, Mary! You're gonna kill her before..."

"...—reful there, Mary! You're gonna kill her before..." "... worry, Deary-Beary, I'm a great pilot."

"... worry, Deary-Beary, I'm a great pilot." He tried to open his eyes again. Mary smiled, gaze set forward. Satina had the upper part of her body out of the NAV window, shooting one of Brash's guards' weapons, while Rob kept his eyes on him. Darkness returned.



"... a left on Cosima street; it's emptier now and will take us directly to the highway."

"... a left on Cosima street; it's emptier now and will take us directly to the highway." He opened his eyes. The sky was turning cobalt blue outside the NAV windows.

"... can't risk it, he needs a doctor..."

"... can't risk it, he needs a doctor..." He closed his eyes. When he opened them again, he was in Rob's arms, surrounded by dawning oranges and blurred shapes. It felt like a dream—a bizarre and confusing dream that smelled like blood, burnt fabric, and Rob's almost-gone perfume.

"Tiny?" Léon called in a low, hoarse tone.

"I'm here, Leo." Satina's voice was trembly, stained by tears. She gave his hand a reassuring squeeze. "We're almost there. Hold on, Warpie-pie. And don't you dare follow any lights!"

dare Léon closed his eyes and chuckled. The movement made his whole chest throb with pain.

"Did you hear me, Léon? No. Lights."

Silence took over.

***

Later, Léon came to.

He breathed in a gush of burning air, even though he felt the air conditioning almost freezing his toes. He moved his eyes to his right, and the blurred colors slowly morphed into shapes. Léon found Satina sleeping on the edge of his bed. As he smiled, the coarse texture of an afghan slid all the way down his legs, covering every cold, exposed bit of his skin. Right after, a warm pressure began on the soles of his feet.

Léon struggled to raise his head. There was an impetuous hammer pummeling against his skull and cold flames eating up his fingers. He forced in another breath and held it. Rob stood at the end of his bed with heavy shoulders and an even heavier expression, massaging Léon's feet. Rob's thumbs pressed just the right spots to relax his whole body, so Léon released his breath in a purred murmur. With the sound, Rob looked up and froze when their eyes locked.

"H-hey." Rob took a step back and pulled his hands away. "I didn't notice you were awake."

Léon sighed and let his head fall on his pillow. That same comfortable feeling of pressure he had on his feet was also on his calves, arms, and shoulders. He had massaged there too.

Rob cleared his throat. "How... are you feeling?"

"As if I was hit by a truck. Then a train... twice." When Léon tried to lick his lips, he found his skin dry and chipped. "You can..." He cleared his throat. "You can continue the massage if you want." He groaned and rested an arm on his forehead to block the light. "It was quite good."

Silence was his answer. The next moment, Léon felt Rob's thumbs again, spreading a relaxing wave all over him. With half-opened eyes, he let his gaze wander around the room.

It was spacious, with a high ceiling painted like a garden. Hanging from it, a tubular holotelevision showed an urgent newscast. Fire engulfed the top of a crumbling building. The reporter stood at a safe distance of the fire, speaking soundless words while the camera caught the bystanders' horrified expressions. Léon averted his eyes to the room. There were white sofas, white rugs, and white flowers spread everywhere. The walls around him—if he could even call them that— were all made of glass, pouring the full strength of the rising sun into the room. Outside, framed by the massive windows, New Continent was nothing but distant boxes filled with people.

that— He was definitely not at home.

definitely "What happened, Rob? Where are we?"

Roberto's eyes snapped to Léon. "Don't you remember?"



"Nope," he answered, popping that last P. His other hand slid under the cover, feeling the coarse texture of the bandages wrapping his chest. He frowned and looked down, lifting the frilled hem of his blanket. "For the Goddess, what happened to me?" He looked at Rob. "What happened in that vault?"

Rob gulped. He walked around the bed and stopped at Léon's side. "Well." He sat on the mattress. "What's the last thing you remember?"

Léon tried to sit up. "Uh... you making me wear that weird necklace."

Rob helped him up, resting his back against the bed headboard. He adjusted Léon's pillow, then let his eyes linger on Satina for a moment, as if wondering if her presence would be a problem.

"She sleeps like a rock," Léon said. "Is there anything she shouldn't hear?"

"No." Rob cleared his throat. "Okay. Uh... fancy a cuppa, water, something? Perhaps another blanket? Time to rest? More massage?"

Léon frowned. He could see Rob was trying to stall the conversation—not that he'd refuse another massage, of course. When Rob tried to get up, Léon gripped at his t-shirt, and only then he noticed how ragged it was. Rob looked terrible . Apart from the state of his clothes, his face, arms, and hands were covered with bandages.

terrible "What happened to you?"

Rob lowered his eyes.

"Just tell me, for fuck's sake!"

"You lost control."

Léon paused and a crease formed between his eyebrows.

"The necklace did something to you." Rob swallowed hard and scratched his disheveled hair. "Your eyes turned white, you summoned your tigers and kept saying something about a mine . You bloody levitated , Léon."

something mine levitated "People don't levitate. I can't levitate ."

levitate "Oh, mate, I know . But you did." Rob sighed. "Everything about you was different. Your tigers were twice their normal size; huge teeth, long manes, massive claws. I asked you to use your powers to find hidden shite around the bloody vault, but you..." he bit his lower lip. Rob looked so anguished. "You... broke it, Léon. You shattered shite as if everything was made of glass. You melt, bent, and tore everything apart..." he trailed off. Rob looked at his trembling hands and closed them. "I'm... sorry."

I know broke Rob set his eyes on the newscast. Eyebrows knit together, he turned it off with an abrupt hand gesture.

Léon took his time to understand those words. What Rob had said and the way he turned off the holotelly smeared a cold wave of goosebumps on his back. The images of the burning building in the newscast flashed in his mind. He recognized the street and the half-burnt front of the place.

"Wait. Did I... did I do that? " Léon asked in a low voice, moving his eyes to the semi-transparent screen that once showed the news. "Did I destroy that building? Is that the place we were in last night?" He snapped his eyes to Rob's bandaged hands. "Did I do that to you?"

that? I Rob started pacing around the room as Léon's eyes flicked to Satina. A knot formed in his throat. Like Roberto, Satina, too, had bandages and burns spread on her arms.

"Did I... hurt... her? " His breath caught in his throat; his face paled.

her? Satina half-opened her eyes and yawned. "Don't worry, you dork." Satina chuckled and rested her chin on the palm of her hand. "You didn't hurt Mary or me. We had to pull you out of a pile of flaming debris. You can imagine what it does to a girl's hands."

flaming Léon studied her face. Satina had a smug expression and a satisfied glimmer in her eyes—but, underneath it, he saw how worried she was.

"A pile of debris," Léon echoed, his voice filled with disbelief. "Goddess!"

Rob walked back and sat at his side again. "We'll train together, all right? Don't be afraid." He reached for Léon's hand. "I'll teach you how to control it."

Léon's breath caught in his throat. The tips of his ears warmed up.

"Nah, Leo." Satina climbed up the bed and sat down beside him. "Don't worry about that. You continue using that monstrous power." She checked his temperature, his eyes, his pulse. Then, patting his head, Satina got up. " You pulled this one off, Leo." Her smile widened, her teeth showing with violent satisfaction. "You destroyed enough of that place for us to find the stashes... and we got them. We got everything."

You everything." ***

*** Thank you so much for reading! Please don't forget to vote if you enjoyed the read ;)

Thank you so much for reading! Please don't forget to vote if you enjoyed the read ;) Next chapter there're a lot of surprises for you. >8)

Next chapter there're a lot of surprises for you. >8)





nineteen: smells like cat food


AN/ Long chapter ahead...

AN/ Long chapter ahead... AN/ Long chapter ahead... Thank you for reading! Please don't forget to vote if you enjoy this chapter :) I'll soon be organizing an Art giveaway to celebrate we're already 20 chapters in, so remember to add this book into your library, to keep updated! :D

Thank you for reading! Please don't forget to vote if you enjoy this chapter :) I'll soon be organizing an Art giveaway to celebrate we're already 20 chapters in, so remember to add this book into your library, to keep updated! :D Thank you for reading! Please don't forget to vote if you enjoy this chapter :) I'll soon be organizing an Art giveaway to celebrate we're already 20 chapters in, so remember to add this book into your library, to keep updated! :D x Ligia

x Ligia x Ligia

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. — Rob —



— Rob — — Rob —





"Step back, loved one, I don't wanna hurt you," Léon drawled. His voice was different. It was dark, deep, and it reverberated like the sound of a thousand bells. He raised his hands like a maestro, and currents of purple energy followed to his fingertips.

"Step back, loved one, I don't wanna hurt you," Léon drawled. His voice was different. It was dark, deep, and it reverberated like the sound of a thousand bells. He raised his hands like a maestro, and currents of purple energy followed to his fingertips. It had been chaos after that. Léon's power increased exponentially, while his control faded. Fast.

Rob barely had time to protect the loot. The guards, upon seeing the purple devastation that swallowed the whole third floor, refused to fight. They froze at the door and swallowed their threats, then ran like the rest of the people in the club, gathering outside until a final explosion silenced Hurricane Léon.

When Rob could finally get a hold of Satina, they had to work together to pull Léon and all their loot from the debris. When they finally finished securing the goods inside the large minivan Mary had stolen, the police arrived.

One explosion, a truckload of guilt, and thirty minutes of car chase later, they were safe, heading for the most secure place they could think of. Mary's place.

Loved one , Léon had said. He had remembered. And as much as he tried to avoid it, seeing Léon like that awoke something inside Roberto. Someone .

Loved one Someone Anhangá.

"It's good to talk to you again, bitter one. I was starting to feel alone," Anhangá had said. "Did you finally stop listening to that lone, little man?"

"It's good to talk to you again, bitter one. I was starting to feel alone," "Did you finally stop listening to that lone, little man?" Rob sighed and focused on the present. While Léon, Mary, and Satina talked to Doctor Brinn—the young doctor known all across New Continent for her brilliance—Rob stayed aside, drinking his tea.

This whole situation was so confusing for him. On one hand, Rob felt bad for once again exposing Léon to the effects of a druidic necklace. On another, he had found what he looked for—a list of leaseholds in the name of the Heroic League.

confusing once again Besides, Léon, Satina, and Mary looked so happy with their results! Maybe, just maybe the necklace hadn't been such a bad idea after all. Maybe unlocking Léon's powers would make everything easier.

maybe "See you all next week," Dr. Brinn said.

Once the doctor left, Satina turned around and showed the message on her phone. There was a satisfied smile on her lips when she said, "We're leaving too. It's time to go back to Invidia and to receive our first bonus."



***

He was uncomfortable, closed inside that tight elevator. Rob didn't know what to expect, but he had a lot to fear from Invidia's villains. They wanted his hide and, strong as he was, he was no match for an entire organization. As the doors opened and a timid ring echoed in the basement, the dark hairs on his arms stood on their ends.

hide Léon slipped a hand on Rob's left arm and pulled him down to whisper, "Don't be afraid. Those hounds can smell fear." As he let him go, Rob turned to face him. Léon smiled. "Just take a deep breath. Everything will be okay now... we've proven ourselves."

Satina pressed a hand on the basement wall, the illusion flickered, and the Airlocks—already fixed after Fire Sapphire's visit—opened, showing the entrance hall. They followed through the secondary set of airlocks and reached the main hall.

A shiver crawled up his spine. The place was eerily quiet, lit by the intense white lights of a chandelier. Spread on the tables were forgotten news pads, books, coffee mugs, and snacks.

But there was no one inside.

"This place is empty like a cemetery," Satina muttered.

"And it smells like cat food," Rob said.

"That's probably Dark Keetten's lunch." Mary pointed at an abandoned backpack on the floor.

"What happened here?" Léon mumbled.

"Bureau, Warp, Bear, and Parfait," a voice called, reverberating through the spacious hall. "Welcome back."

The group turned around to find Anachronica. She curled her lips in a soft, contained smile and motioned them to follow her. The electrical sound of the air conditioning and the clicks of Anachronica's shoes were the only sounds accompanying them through the corridors. They stopped, but not in front of Iara's office.

The cafeteria was dark, dimly lit by torch-like lamps on the walls. The tables, covered with shapes Rob couldn't identify, were pushed to the sides, leaving an empty space in the middle of the vast room. There, in the very center of the place, Iara turned around to see her protegés. She smiled, her luscious body being the only barrier between Roberto and all of Invidia's villains, who stood behind her with violence in their eyes.

Without saying a word, Iara raised a hand. She balled her fingers, and the screens that simulated the windows on the walls changed to an image Rob knew well.

Iara raised her voice to say, "This, my darlings, is the result of Grizzly Bear's first mission as... one of us."

The screens on the walls lit up. On all of them was the static image of the explosion at The Hero's Retreat. Fire tongues licked the building's windows as a dark smoke spiraled to the night sky. Through the Fire, the shaky shadows of Léon and Roberto stretched like scorched demons.

"They brought us hundreds of thousands of credits, weapon schematics, and more, much more," Iara said with barely-contained gusto. "More important than any of it... ooh , the blow to the Heroes' morale! To lose their sanctum. To see it in shambles, knowing nowhere is safe anymore!"

much more," ooh She turned around as some of the villains started to mutter. Smiles and eye-glints spread around Iara. In the crowd, Rob's eyes met Ida, the teenager who had helped them in the club. Ida winked at him, crossing her lanky arms.

"Grizzly Bear assured me he could never have done it alone, of course," Iara continued. "Parfait, Bureau Assassin, and Reality Warp were all instrumental for this victory. They. Were. A. Team." Her vicious smile widened. "And they started to pave the road we'll now follow, exploiting each and every weakness of the Heroic League. Together."

never every

The women, men, and creatures all cheered together, raising their fists. Iara chuckled, her eyes only slits in what seemed to be her first honest smile since Rob arrived.

She raised a hand, silencing them. "To celebrate, I prepared a little something for you." She stretched an arm towards the cafeteria doors. They burst open, and a group of servants barged in, each carrying trays covered with glasses of champagne. The servants spread around smiling villains, while a stunned Roberto was frozen in place. "Bask in the success while you can. More work awaits us."

For a moment, the only sound in the room was the rustling of Iara's dress and the sound of her shoeless feet on the floor. Then, when she left, a short teenager rocketed across the place. He pushed a long, white bang backward, and raised his hands, showing a small phone. With a tap of his thumb, music blared through hidden soundboxes, making the screens shake.

He shouted, loud enough to make a vein pop in his pale neck, "Mercurial Unicorn, you all!"

Léon grunted, rolling his eyes as the others cheered. He faced Rob, but before he could say anything, Invidia's employees flooded around him.

"Grizzly Bear, any tip for my team's mission?" or "If you ever need a hand around here, I'm game," or—and this is what he heard the most—"If you're not doing anything tonight, I'd love to show you around." Ten minutes. Half an hour.

love One hour.

One hour. Rob had a hard time fending off his new coworkers. The only reason he could get away was the screen that slid down from the ceiling, showing the update in the rank of villainy. The numbers increased from top to bottom. Somewhere in the crow, Satina and Léon cheered when their names slid a few positions up on the list. Rob, though, couldn't care less about that.

Mary was nowhere to be seen, so he walked towards the rust-colored curls among the crowd. Satina was chugging a bloody bottle of whiskey between Ida and Vinda Tweedle. He grimaced.

bloody "Blimey." Rob rushed forward and held her arm. Was she even old enough to drink? "Oi, Bureau! You'll pass out!"

Someone tugged on Rob's shirt, making him turn around. Léon had a margarita in hands, relief in his eyes, and a rosy shade on his cheeks. When a waiter walked by, he stretched an arm and fished a glass of champagne.

"She never drinks past the first half," he said, jerking an index finger towards Satina. "And she's a big girl, she can handle her spirits."

When he said it, Satina choked and doubled forward, clasping a hand against her lips to try and hold the whiskey inside her mouth. Ida and Vinda clapped and laughed at her side.

Rob placed his hands on his waist. "Can she?"

"Don't be boring ," Léon said, his words dragged and groggy.

boring "I'm not!" Rob raised an eyebrow and crossed his arms over his chest. "And if I recall correctly, you don't drink. You hardly have the right to make fun of me."

Léon snorted and shook his head. "Well, this is a welcome-to-evilry party, so today I will." Léon offered him the champagne. "This only happens when a villain is really accepted like you were." He opened his arms, tilting his head back. His eyelids were heavy, his lips open enough to show the tips of pearly-white, slightly crooked teeth behind his lazy smile.

really Rob gnawed on his lower lip. Léon was drunk.

"Com' ere, Big Bear, let's celebrate, you and I," Léon said, clinking their glasses with a tad more strength than needed. Léon licked the rim of his glass, took a swig, and grimaced. "Take this too." He gave him his margarita. "I licked all the salt already. Now it's time to choose a decent song." Léon pivoted around and walked away, towards the sound boxes.



There was a broad smile on his lips as Rob sipped his champagne, then placed both drinks on one of the waiter's tray. "Oi, wait for me!" He rushed, trying to dodge the people around them. Léon was drunk, and his legs were shorter, but his drunkenness seemed to make him slippery as an eel.

When Rob found him, he was in front of Vinda's phone, ready to change the music. "Warp, wait." Rob studied his eyes. There was something wrong. "What happened?"

Léon had his eyebrows furrowed. He puckered his lips. "There's nothing here from the 2010s."

nothing No, it was not that. "What a crime," Rob said with an ironic edge in his tone.

" Exactly. " Léon widened his eyes and smiled. "What a villain ." He grinned while his fingers worked fast on Vinda's phone. "Wait, I've found something." He tapped a button on the phone, and the new-meaty-synth was replaced by a strong funk beat. "Have you ever heard MC Tha? She'll change your life." Another waiter passed by, which meant another margarita for Léon.

Exactly. villain "Warp," Rob called, trying to snatch the glass from his hand.

"Nah." Léon placed Vinda's phone back onto the soundbox and spread a hand on Rob's chest to keep him at a distance.

Rob clicked his tongue. Get out of here , his mind asked him. "Tell me what's wrong," he asked Léon.

Get out of here Léon moved his gaze aside. He took his time to lick the salt in his glass, then sighed. " You are wrong. You should be good , not here . Here is not good. And you... change things." Léon paused, the tip of his tongue collecting one more salt shard. "The rankings. The team. The missions. You said you were a bear, but you're acting like a damned wolf. And the thing that happened with the necklace?" He blew a raspberry. "I don't even know what that was. Like... was it all me? Was it... you? Was that my power?" His eyes lowered. "I hurt people, you know?" Léon ran a hand through his locks and left a trail of disheveled hair in his perfect braid. "If you know me... why are you doing all this? Why make me... hurt?"

You good here that my For a moment, Rob did nothing but to stare at Léon. He had been so caught up in his own mess, he never really stopped to think how that was affecting Léon. He tightened his jaw. Fuck this shit. Rob would tell him everything.

Now.

Now. "Listen, Leo—"

A male voice interrupted him. "Warpie!"

Rob raised his eyes and found Red Menace approaching. His left arm was plastered, and the right side of his face was bruised, half-covered by a dressing.

"Your face! What happened to you?" Léon asked.

"To me?" Red frowned. "What happened to you, man?" He gestured towards Léon's face. "I've... never seen you this hurt." A glimmer of fury crossed his eyes. "I bet this is Bear's fault. You should never trust him, Leo. Promise me you won't."

you, never Léon rolled his eyes and stumbled a drunk step to the side. "Just tell me what you want. I know you, and I know you're gonna ask me something. What is it?"

Red stared at him until the corner of his lips quirked up. "Okay." His face hardened, and he bent forward to whisper, "My last mission went south. Fred's in jail, Medusa and I are lucky to be alive, and I..." His lips twitched. Red grimaced as if the thought was too terrible to say out loud. "I don't know what to do."

"Shit, Phil. Sorry to hear that," Léon whispered back. He supported a hand on his arm, patting it with more force than necessary. "But you're a tough one, right? You'll solve this."

Red tried on a thankful smile. He took in a deep breath. "Listen, I need something for this." He gestured to his arm and the deep wound on his face. "Hurts like a bitch, and I can't go to the hospital. Maybe your Amma can help me."

"I... I don't know. Amma's not exactly your fan."

"Well... yeah, but I also know Kali would love to see me hurt like this." Red took a step forward. "C'mon, Leo, will you deny her the pleasure?"

love Léon rolled his eyes, but couldn't fight a smile. Red Menace was completely different than when they'd met in the cafeteria.

completely "Tell you what, Leo"—Red got even closer and slid a hand down Léon's arm—"you convince your Amma to treat me, and I'll train you in exchange." Red's hand closed around Léon's wrist. "It'll be like old times, minus the sex, uh? What do you say?"

Léon's expression changed. Whatever had happened between them seemed to swing back with full force. When Léon tried to break free, Red tightened his grip.

"At least think about it. Please!"

think "No," Rob blared. He raised his chin and glared with enough violence in his eyes to make Red's grip loosen.

Red staggered a step to the side, startled. His back hit one of the sound boxes, and it toppled over, crashing on the floor. The attention of all villains was now set on them. Red muttered something about sprouting idiots while he tried to regain composure.

sprouting idiots "No?" Red seemed surprised at first, but it didn't last long. He wore a smirk, but a small twitch in his lips showed how extensive was the crack on his carefully built façade. He looked around. A large group of villains watched the scene with cruel interest. "Why?" he drawled, taking a step closer to Rob.

"He's going to train with me, " Rob said. He opened a smile. "I promised him that."

me, "What can he possibly learn from you that he couldn't from me?" Another step. "Are you implying the man who is second in the rankings has less to teach than someone like you ?"

you Rob gritted his teeth and forced a smile. He needed to stay calm. That ranking was the base of Invidia's micro-society, and he couldn't afford to disrespect that in his first week. His eyes wandered around the room as if looking for an answer. They stopped on the bald, smiling head that stared with intensity at something across the room. Rob followed Mary's eyes and zeroed in on the ranking screen.

"Oh, Red. Never ." Rob pointed at the screen behind Red's back. "But I'm saying both Warp and I will train under the woman who just bested you, mate. Parfait is second now." He rested a hand on Léon's back and brought him closer. "We'll start right now if you don't mind."

Never woman Red's face darkened, and the tips of his ears burned crimson as he let Léon go. His tone came drenched in violence when he answered, "Not at



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Hey, everyone! Here's our new cover, what do you think? :)

Hey, everyone! Here's our new cover, what do you think? :)

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





twenty: don't fast forward a kiss




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. From March 2nd to April 15th, 2047

From March 2nd to April 15th, 2047 — Red Menace —

— Red Menace — — Red Menace — Red Menace was too violent of an alias for someone whose real name was Phillip Esposito. Mainly when the owner of said alias, a tall blonde with freckles and weird green eyes, stood sobbing in an empty street in the middle of the day.

Red Menace weird Growing up, people always told him his eyes seemed a little too big and his forehead too small to the strong bridge of his nose. He'd always deal with it the same way—locked inside a bathroom, studying his face in the mirror and wondering how hard he'd have to hit himself to convince his mom he needed plastic surgery.

Léon was the first to say he liked his eyes and the last one to comment on them. And if Phillip had any chance of reconnecting with Léon, Grizzly Bear's presence in Invidia buried it along with all his hopes to rekindle their relationship.

liked Once Grizzly Bear ruined the party for him, Phillip marched out of the HQ with a furious expression and a heart filled with frustration. He could never control himself around Léon, as much as he tried. Phillip jumped into his NAV, a blue Maybach 6, and breathed in the freezing air in Bouman street. He dried his tears on his sleeve, stuffed another marshmallow in his mouth, and stayed there for hours until the sunset dimmed into darkness, and the moon shone above him.

never Now, with puffed red eyes and dried tears on his cheeks, Phillip pressed his phone even more against his ear.

"No, Mamma, I'm okay... Yes. Yes, Dr. Brinn said I'm fine."

He loved the night. He loved the silence around him, the peace, the darkness. But he hated to be alone in it. His nonna used to say Phillip had solitude and selfishness as his personality enhancers, but he never felt it so strongly as that day. After all, he was used to having exactly what he wanted, so the idea of sharing Léon with that guy was a nightmare... even if he knew Léon was not his anymore.

that guy his Was it really selfish of him, though, considering he was the only one who could make Léon happy?

Phillip huffed and ran a hand across his face. "Mamma, I told you I had a business meeting yesterday at the office... No! I couldn't care less about The Mayor's son or his damned party. Dude's been dead for the past two years, why would I go there?" He waited, then rolled his eyes. "Mamma, seriously, you can't ground me anymore, I'm twenty-four... Stop worrying. You're the best Commissary this place ever had; he won't replace you."

told less He raised his eyes skyward, asking for patience. No one answered, despite what nonna used to tell him—there was nothing up there but a dense, dark blanket of pollution hiding the stars.

"Mamma, I..." he trailed off as Invidia's doors opened. Bureau and Parfait finally appeared. Close behind them came Léon and Bear. Phillip reached for his keystick and started his NAV. "Mamma, I really need to go. We can talk more when I arrive home, all right?"



The group of villains spread into two groups. Something inside Phillip died a little when Bear and Léon left together in Kaliandra's yellow NAV.

Once the old egg yolk drifted down the street, Phillip followed them. He felt betrayed when they arrived at Léon's place—and the feeling was even worse when he noticed Bear was the one driving. Léon had never let him drive the Egg yolk.

never Grizzly Bear left the NAV, rushed around it, and opened Léon's door. Leo, his Leo, stretched his arms out of the NAV, and Rob—a smug expression on his ugly face—bent down to take him in his arms. Bear trudged towards the house, carrying Leo, and stopped at the door, where a worried Kaliandra received them. Kali popped a relieved kiss on Bear's cheek, then rushed them inside.

his Bear still hadn't left when Phillip decided to go home, by three in the morning.

That night was painfully hard to endure.

To help, Phill re-watched old episodes of his favorite classic shows. He started with Star Trek Discovery, followed by Voltron, and finally the last episode of Real Housewives of New Continent, when Lisa and Catherine left their husbands and ran away together. When his anxiety didn't subside, he decided to re-read The truth about Jordan , the book Léon had given him for their first anniversary, three years ago. Halfway through the first chapter, when he found the first note in Léon's calligraphy, Phillip threw the book aside and went out for a walk.

The truth about Jordan It was already seven in the morning.

The next weeks were all like that second day of March, the day in which Grizzly Bear had become one of the villains. Grizzly Bear's success in Invidia was a hard pill to swallow. Bear, Léon, Bureau, and Parfait succeeded mission after mission, week after week. To Phillip's despair, they trained together, ate together, went home together... what else were they doing?

His mood withered as did his confidence, and his performance at work followed shortly after. From second in the rankings, he dropped to fifteenth, while the rest of his team fell even harder.

The first week, then the first month ran like stream water on a rainy day. It was already mid-April when Anachronica called Red Menace and his team into her office. She wanted to talk , and Phillip knew what that meant.

talk knew They were about to get in trouble.

Phillip had kept his mouth shut for the past twenty minutes, keeping his answers limited to grunted yes or nos, and he could see Anachronica's patience was starting to wear thin. She pursed her lips and took a deep breath.

"I just want to understand what's happening to you and your team, Red. Nothing else," Anachronica said. "But if that's asking too much of you, I guess I have no other choice but to investigate—and decide it—myself."

Phillip crossed his arms as well as he could with the plaster around one of them. He knew he was terrible at interpersonal relationships and even worse as a coworker, but he wasn't about to start pointing fingers inside his team. Anachronica wanted someone to blame—and this someone was already in too much shit. He didn't need Anachronica's wrath added to the list.

someone He shook his head. At his side, Medusa kept her poker face on, while Fred's image in the small screen seemed just as terrified as the day he'd been arrested. Behind the half-Korean, they could see the darkness and filth of his prison cell.

Medusa stared at Phillip for a long moment through the dark shades of her sunglasses. Finally, she turned to Anachronica. "We've been having plenty of complications, Nica. Why is Iara avoiding us? She's always the one we talk to. She used to help us." Medusa caressed her long brown hair while squaring her shoulders.

Iara help

Anachronica fought back a smile. "Because she doesn't have time for you anymore. Iara is helping Satina's team plan their next mission as we speak. Grizzly Bear turned out to be a great asset for Invidia, as you surely know."

time If Phillip rolled his eyes any harder, they'd probably make a complete turn in their orbits.

"You don't say," Medusa drawled. "I guess the problem is pretty clear, then. Iara won't help us plan. She refuses to get Fred out of prison, and she doesn't seem to care enough about our performance to come and talk to us."

Anachronica raised an eyebrow. "Oh, Medusa. If you require Lady Bulgàrus' help each step of the way, you might start paying her instead of being paid."

paying her "I do believe we pay her, my dear," Medusa answered, raising a delicate hand to show the numbers on the rankings.

"You used to, I'll give you that." Anachronica took a deep breath, and her face hardened. "But not anymore. You can't expect to receive the same treatment as before if you don't deliver half as much as you used to. I want results, Medusa."

Medusa looked at Phillip, and he imagined her icy stare behind those dark shades. He knew he needed to do something .

something Fred's voice came from the screen. "Let's be honest here, Nica. You know I can't do much from where I'm at. It'd be a great help for the team if you could take me out of this hell..." On the screen, a heavy hand rested on Fred's shoulder. He shuddered. " Please tell me you'll do something, Nica. Anything." He whispered, "At least get me a private cell!"

for the team Please Anachronica took a deep breath, massaging her temples. Phillip saw the word "No" forming on her lips, but before he could do anything, a knock echoed inside the room.

"Yes?" Anacronica said.

Léon cracked the door open and peered inside. "Excuse me. Iara asked me to give you this." He raised a brown folder.

Medusa's face was covered in anger, while Fred muttered something about still not being ready to pop any other cherries.

Anachronica invited Léon inside with a gesture. "I hope you're not giving me a manual on How not to use grammar , by Grizzly Bear."

How not to use grammar Léon chuckled. "No. I personally wrote and reviewed every paragraph of..." he trailed off when his eyes met Phillip's.

Something inside Phillip swirled, hot and cold. Boy, if he wanted to hold him...

Phillip looked from Anachronica to Leo, then to the folder in his hands. That folder could have his team's salvation. He could grab it, read through, and if the idea was solid, he could just steal it and complete it himself. Phillip and Medusa would show up one day before Léon's team, if necessary. Hell, he could leave Invidia right now and go to whatever place Léon's team was planning to attack.

steal right now Furrowing his brows, Phillip jumped forward and snatched the folder from Léon's hands.

"Well, well, well, let me see where you kids will stick your nose this time." He opened the folder and walked a few steps backward. "I wonder if it's worth my time."

"Red Menace! This behavior is utterly unacceptable!" Anachronica said, raising from her chair.

"Bullshit. I've always done it, and you know it." Phillip smirked. "Besides, you said you wanted results." He riffled through the pages, and his eyes darted from one paragraph to another. "That's what I'll give you."

"I'm warning you, Red," Léon said in a dangerous tone. Purple, ethereal curtains unrolled behind him. "You'll give that back right now , or I won't answer for my actions. Playtime is over."

right now

"Yeah, yeah." Phillip sneered, letting his eyes linger on the beautiful shade of angry-red covering Léon's cheeks. It's been some years since the last time he'd seen so much spunk in that delicious body. "Medusa, buy me some time to finish reading this. It's fascinating. "

years fascinating. And yes, he knew he was doing it again. Being the fucker everyone hated. Self-centered, egotistical, rude, yadda-yadda.

With a huff, Medusa raised from her chair and took her sunglasses off. "Not your best idea, Red, but you're the leader here." Her icy white eyes pierced both Léon and Anachronica and left them paralyzed in place. "Nica is strong, though. You'll have little more than a couple of minutes. Be quick."

"It's more than necessary and..." Phillip frowned. "What the fuck. You gonna invade Silverin Heights?" He lowered the folder. "New Continent's fucking prison?"

fuck. fucking The solid layer of icy rock covering Anachronica's body was still intact when Léon's started to crack.

"Seriously?" Fred asked. "That's stellar! You can take me out of here, Warp. You'll do it, right?"

The crease in Phillip's forehead intensified. " Wait, " he muttered. "No, that's not possible." He raised widened eyes to Anachronica. "You can't let them do this on their own!" he shouted. "They'll be squashed !"

Wait, squashed "Do what, Red? What are they gonna do?" Fred asked. "Tell them to get me out of here!"

out The cracks stretched around Léon's stone cover, and with one swift movement of his arms, it was pulverized.

"How did you..?" Medusa mumbled.

Léon rushed to Fred's screen and turned it off. Then, he focused his furious eyes on Phillip. There was something about him, though. Something Phillip had never seen in Léon. Something cruel, dark... something... wrong .

wrong Cold, sticky fear crawled up Phillip's spine.

"You might as well have sent this fucking folder to the Warden!" Léon shouted, forcing Phillip to stagger a step backward. Léon marched towards him and got so close that Phillip felt his hot breath against his chest—and the scene might have been fun to watch, considering how much smaller Léon was, but there was nothing funny in his rage.

fucking Phillip stammered, "I-I'm sorry, Warp, I never thought..."

Léon snatched the folder from his hands. "Exactly, Red, you never think ." There was a moment of suspension there. A moment of silence. Léon blinked, took a deep breath, and batted the folder against Phillip's arm. With that, the darkness was gone... but Phillip's fear lingered.

think Only then Anachronica was able to set herself free. Phillip looked from her to the folder, then to Léon again.

"Warp, wait. I can' let you go through with that." Phillip pointed at the folder. "I won't let you do it. It's completely crazy, you'll never—"

"Shut up," Léon interrupted. "You gave us trouble enough for one day." He took a shaky breath and turned to Anachronica. "Can you talk to Iara for me? Set up another meeting? She should know our plans might've been"—he glared at Phillip—"compromised."

Anachronica mimicked Léon's glare and brushed a mix of dust and gravel from her pantsuit. "Of course, Warp." She took a deep breath and gestured towards the door, through which Léon left.

"Wait... wait!" Phillip shouted. He turned to Anachronica, anger building inside him. "Just tell me one thing, Nica. This mission—it was all Bear's idea, wasn't it? Wasn't it?" he repeated, bashing his good fist on the table.



Anachronica raised her chin and focused serious eyes on Phillip to say a final, "Dismissed."

***

Phillip shut his eyes. He was such an idiot !

such an idiot He slouched on the red sofa and thrust the fingers of his left hand through his hair. His right arm, broken and plastered, rested heavily on his chest while a saxophonist played old, sad break-up songs. This was his safe haven. His hideout.

"If I had just... if I had just talked to him. If I had just explained!" A halo of light fell around Phillip as if he was the main character in a dramatic play.

"Command not recognized. Please state the parameters for the desired combat simulation," a computerized voice answered.

"Maybe he'd have listened to me. Maybe he'd have understood..."

listened "Please state the parameters for the desired combat simulation."

"... But no , I had to make fun of him. I had to enclose him and Anachronica in a damned... rock... cocoon... thing!" he spat, slapping a hand on his thigh. "It wasn't Medusa's fault, ya know? I made the call." He huffed. "A rock-cocoon-thing, can you fucking believe it? What if something happens to him?"

no "Please state the parameters for the desired combat simulation."

Phillip grunted. "Oh, computer, shut up. "

shut up. "Shutting down user-created program Red carnage alpha-one. "

Red carnage alpha-one. With that, the holoprojectors turned off, making the sofa he lay on, the saxophonist, and the halo of light disappear. Phillip yelped, then grunted when he fell hard on the floor.

He huffed. "That's just great. Thank you, Computer."

With his back on the cold floor, Phillip stared at the dark ceiling. Was it too juvenile of him to be so worried about feelings when his career was running through his fingers?

A loud clank brought him back to reality. Someone was entering the training grounds. Phillip rolled to the side and got up, ready for some swearing. He hadn't booked the training grounds, but it was past midnight, and he didn't think anyone would still be at Invidia. When he recognized the still-distant first voice, his eyes widened. Phillip rushed to the side of the training grounds and pressed his back against one of the structural columns, hiding behind it.

"Quickly now, Leo," Bear said.

The second voice answered, amused, "We're still at Invidia, you know."

As Bear chuckled, Phillip leaned forward to peek at the duo. "Quickly now, Warp . We're about to do something that will change your life."

Warp "You already said that. Now let me go," Léon said, pulling his wrist. "I hate it when people think they can touch me whenever they want."

Good one, Leo.

Good one, Leo. Bear turned around to face him. "Yeah, all right. I'm sorry. It's just... I spent a few weeks programming this," Bear said. "I hope you'll enjoy it. Computer, initialize user-created program Grizzly Tactical Simulation beta-roe ."

Grizzly Tactical Simulation beta-roe "Initializing," said the computerized voice.

"We're here to train?" Léon said.

"Not quite. Look."

Curtains rolled down the walls while dozens of padded chairs materialized in the room. The lights dimmed, and a big screen slid from the ceiling.

Phillip was behind one of the many curtains. Using them as cover, he slid sideways against the wall, trying to reach the door and leave that place. Through the eventual slits between the curtains, he peeked at Léon and Bear.

"Did you program this entire room to take me to the movies?" Léon asked, raising an eyebrow.

Bear forced a laugh. "What? That's just... preposterous. No. Of course not." He scoffed. "I mean, you wouldn't come otherwise, so...." He cleared his throat. "Mate, just sit. Movie's about to begin."

Léon sighed and complied, slouching on one of the chairs. Rob sat down beside him. "At least tell me I'll have a remote. I like to fast-forward the drama and the battle scenes."

"Bloody Hell, Léon, who does that?" Bear muttered. "Computer, add a remote controller to the current program. Make it control only the movie screen."

does only "Inputting new parameter."

As the lights dimmed, Phillip reached the first half of his path. A Vox Phantom began the iconic opening that two-thirds of both continents knew by heart. Slow at first, with a classical Spanish guitar and a Celtic flute. As the crescendo approached, though, doses of rock, metal, then synth joined the almost-cacophony. When Phillip reached a new slit between the curtains, the movie title appeared.

"Seriously, Roberto?" Léon asked in a dry tone. "I, Werevampire-wolf death machine nine thousand, part one ?"

one Rob stretched his arms. "Hey, we're still in Invidia, mate. That alias thing."

Léon grunted. "Right, Bear. Care to tell me what the hell I'm watching? Why are there half-naked people in the damned first scene?"

"These are the members of the first vampire clan to ever deal with the machines from Akhazian. The vampire clan agreed the body is the most perfect machine, and that's what they offered to the Ambassador of—"

"Bear, is this porn?"

"No." Bear laughed. "This is part of the ritual of unification. It ends with a kiss , nothing else."

kiss Phillip was almost at the exit when he heard Léon taking a deep, bored breath.

"Well, I can skip the whole scene, then."

"Oh, Leo, c' mon."

Léon chuckled. By the sound coming from the screen—or, rather, the lack thereof—Léon was already skipping it.

"Hey, don't fast forward the kiss. It's always the best part. Mate, you're bloody chopping the movie!"

always "It's boring," Léon said. "And unless you can convince me of the contrary, I'll skip to the interesting bits."

Bear shifted in his seat to face Léon. "I can convince you all right," he drawled, leaning in.

Phillip refused to watch it. As Bear's hand rested on Léon's cheek, he slipped out of the room and banged the door at his back, as loud as he could.

***

A/N

A/N Yes, Léon, Bear will convince you. >8)

Yes, Léon, Bear will convince you. >8) Hey, loved ones! Did you enjoy this chapter? If yes, please don't forget to vote ;)

Hey, loved ones! Did you enjoy this chapter? If yes, please don't forget to vote ;) This chapter was entirely written through Phillip's POV. Yeees, Reddish Menace, Leo's ex-boyfriend. If you think this guy won't cause problems for our heroes--I mean, villains--then you're sorely mistaken. Ish... :X Can't wait to show you the next chapters >8)

This chapter was entirely written through Phillip's POV. Yeees, Reddish Menace, Leo's ex-boyfriend. If you think this guy won't cause problems for our heroes--I mean, villains--then you're sorely mistaken. Ish... :X Can't wait to show you the next chapters >8) Thank you for reading! ;) ♥

Thank you for reading! ;) x Ligia

x Ligia





twenty-one: The shadow trace


— Léon —



— Léon — — Léon —

"What do you mean by you didn't have time ?" Satina raised an eyebrow. As she spoke, her fingers worked almost on their own, unlocking yet another personal coffer while the silent emergency lights swept the small room. "You had more than a month to talk to him!"

you didn't have time Léon rolled his eyes. When Satina walked to the side, he took her place in front of the opened coffer and started checking its contents. Vinda's briefing had been very specific: they should steal only from public figures associated with the Heroic League, and never personal shit , as he had written, only valuables.

personal shit "Well..." Léon trailed off. He raised a clip of antique money—dollars, reais, or pesos, he wasn't sure—and stuffed it into his backpack. "I mean... we train all the time, and we talk about combat tactics, possible targets, and how to use my powers. Sometimes he tries to make jokes, and sometimes I pretended to be amused, but most of the time, we focus on... work. Only work."

"Goddess! You're sleeping under the same roof, Warp. How very boring!" She unlocked a new coffer, then stepped aside.

Léon pursed his lips into a line. Satina would surely change her sermon if he told her what had happened the day before, at Invidia. He lowered his gaze. He was such an idiot. After the door to the training grounds closed with a bang, Léon jumped to another chair, separated from Roberto by a good distance. And no, he didn't know why he did it, either.

idiot. "Yeah, well, that's part of the problem. Amma and Pipo are around all the time." Léon blew his bang aside. "My mother already likes him more than she likes me, and Pipo simply won't leave him alone. It's... irritating."

Léon looked inside the coffer and pushed aside an old stack of comic books. There was a small tin box under it.

"Oh, boy. I dare say Phillip was more interesting to hear about... and he'd always take you to the same places." The locked coffer beeped a weird denial. "What the hell?" Satina furrowed her brow and raised her wristwatch. She scrolled through a massive list of codes and personal information Vinda had given her and stopped when she found the correct combination. The lock opened with a click.

Phillip "I'll pretend you didn't just say that," Léon said in a dry tone. He took a deep breath and opened the tin box. Inside it, he found a collection of white gold and ivory piercings. "I tried to ask him about my past a few times, but he keeps saying I should first learn how to control my powers or whatever—that I need to know them before he even tries to explain it all. I don't buy it, of course, but when I try to press him, he does that thing with humor and manages to change the topic." Léon dropped the tin box inside his backpack, grabbed some more of the items, and stepped in front of the next coffer. "I swear I have no idea how Bear always makes me lose track of my questions."

"He probably just flexes his muscles and winks at you," Satina said with a smirk, focusing on a new lock. "Not judging, though, that would work for me too if I were in your place."

Léon took a deep breath and ignored her remark, rummaging through the items inside the new coffer. "Maybe he's really trying to help me. You know, with the training and stuff, but..." He shrugged. "There's this part of me that thinks he's just trying to buy time." He shook his head and closed the coffer with a bang. "It's so hard to trust him, B!"

really "Yeah... I can't help you with that, sorry. I stopped trusting my own dads when they said Santa wasn't real."

"B, this is serious. Stop joking."

"I'm not!" She tried to fight a chuckle, but it won over her a moment later. "Okay, maybe I am—but just because it's ridiculous to see you so worked up about this. You don't need to trust him to force him to spill the tea."



"Well... yeah , but..." Léon held his breath, his lips pursing into a pout.

yeah "All right." Satina turned to face him. "Tell me what's wrong."

Léon gave her a side glance and zeroed in on the coffer.

She shook her head—her expression half-smiling, half-incredulous—and said, "Okay. Look at me. We've been working with him for the past six weeks. We've all kept our eyes on him. And..." she raised her eyebrows, apparently impressed with herself. "I gotta say, Warp, the guy seems... trustworthy. Ish."

Léon stared at her. He would never think Satina Hamman would even begin to trust another human being, ever again.

She unlocked another coffer and stepped aside. "I know what you're thinking. And I will never fully trust him. But we work together, man. At some point, we'll find ourselves in a situation that will force us to act on that trust. We'll be... inside a burning building, and we'll have to choose between taking the leap and hope Bear will catch us... or to stay put and burn to the bone. Y'know?" She scoffed. "I'm not saying you shouldn't look for the stairs first, though."

"I know. It's just..." Léon took a deep breath, putting a few diamonds inside his backpack. "How can we be sure he won't let us fall if we need him?"

Satina shrugged and said, "That's the thing, cousin. We can't." She took her time to lick her lips, then raised a somber pair of eyes. "But remember, the same goes for Mary. Or Iara. Or Anachronica... got it? We can only trust each other."

Before Léon could say anything else, Satina's commlink chirped.

"Grizzly Bear to Bureau."

Satina raised her brows. Speaking of the devil. "I'm here, Bear."

Speaking of the devil. "We've got a problem." His breathing was ragged, his voice was but a whisper. "There are cops bloody everywhere, the alarm jammer must've stopped working."

"Great," Satina muttered. Coming into the vault through the massive metallic door, the first sounds of the police sirens made her shoulders quiver. "We're almost done with the coffers, do you think you can hold them off for... eleven, maybe twelve minutes?"

"For half of that, yeah, but there are too many of them. And... shite. I think I'm seeing a hero. The Sheriff is here, too."

"Well. Shit," Satina mumbled.

Since his appearance on the news, The Sheriff had been making a point of showing up at every single police occurrence, no matter how small. The problem wasn't his presence itself, of course—Léon was pretty sure the four of them could defeat him. The problem was the possible wounds they'd get from a direct fight. The Sheriff was little less than a monster when dealing with lowly bandits, as he called them.

lowly bandits, The loud, commanding voice of a police officer boomed inside. "Attention, you're surrounded. Lower your weapons and surrender or..."

"Attention, you're surrounded. Lower your weapons and surrender or..." "We have to help them. Can you take care of the loot, B?" Léon offered her his backpack.

She stared at it for a moment and smirked. "Well, one thing's for sure: these training sessions with Bear are starting to make you braver."

The tips of Léon's ears burned. "Shut up, I've always been like this."

Satina took the backpack and winked. "Just go, I'll meet you outside."

Léon rushed through the opened door of the bank's personal vault, then up the narrow stairs. He flattened his back against the wall beside the entrance to the offices and waited, his anxious breathing grating his throat.



He peeked around the corner. Beyond the cubicles, through the personal banking area and already inside the lounge, Léon saw the police officers' flashlight trails. With a tap in the small device in his ear, he activated his commlink.

"Bear? Parfait?"

Soft steps made by heavy boots spread at his back, still on the far side of the reception. Léon breathed in, trying to calm his racing heart.

"Bear, what's your position? I can divert their attention; you grab Fait and run."

Roberto whispered, "Close to the cred machines, beside the entry. Parfait and I are waiting for an opportunity to attack. I'll try to—" the communicator went mute as a soft whirring filled the silence.

"Bear? Bear, do you copy?" Léon grimaced. "Shit." The knot in his throat tightened.

Léon charged his gauntlets, making a dense, dark shade of purple cover his hands. With a flick of his fingers, the thin fabric of his cosmic trace drew curtains behind him. Lampee and Bonee, his tigers, walked through the curtains and looked up, waiting for their orders.

"Prowl. Find Bear and Parfait, then stop the officers trying to find them in whatever way you can," he whispered. "Just don't kill anyone."

Bonee, the tigress, raised her snout. She picked Rob and Mary's scent, then tilted her head to the side. "Sadly, it's too late for that, little one."

"What do you mean, Bonee?"

Lampee sniffed too, then yawned. "Your... friends will be okay. In prison." He showed his teeth in an awkward snicker. "They're already surrounded. Let us stay here. It'll be easier for us to protect you."

Something cold and urgent stirred inside Léon. "We can't, Lampee. We need to help them!"

Bonee snorted. "Help? Did you say help?" She made a weird sound, the mix of a scoff and a sneeze. "But I thought you didn't want to help anyone, ever again."

"Helping is what a legend does, isn't it, my female?" Lampee said.

"It certainly is, my male." Bonee faced Léon. "Our little one is not a legend no more."

Those words stung so much Léon couldn't fight a grimace. "I-It doesn't matter. What matters is that, right now—"

Lampee growled. "Right now, six years ago, what's the difference? I was tired then, I am tired now."

Bonee nodded. "You told us, little one. You said—no more helping, ever again. Besides, we don't like it when you make us grow. We lose all of our... finesse."

"This is ridiculous! I'm giving you an order," Léon uttered, trying to keep his voice down.

Lampee turned to the tigress. "Who should we obey, my female?"

"I don't know, my male. Past-Leonardo? Or broken-Leonardo?"

"It's not Leonardo, it's Léon... and they need our help, dammit!"

"He's delusional, my male. And lost all sense of name aesthetics. Leonardo has a lot more flair."

"This reality is breaking him more and more, my female."

Léon grunted. " Fine , I don't need your help."

Fine "You said help again, little one," the tigers said in unison.

"Just watch my back," he whispered.

Léon took in a deep breath. During the past month, he and Rob had tried to manipulate his tigers' shapes, increasing their strength and ferocity, as he had done in The Mayor's vault—but as the weeks progressed and his failures increased, he started to develop other uses for his powers. Out of them all, his favorite new technique was already taking shape.



A curtain materialized above his hands, cascading over them and extending to the sides until it reached almost two meters. Léon pulled one of his hands from under it and, with a swift movement, pulled the curtain like a magician, revealing the weapon beneath it. It was a staff—or so it seemed—long and carefully detailed, etched with thin curves and elegant salvias in a shiny, mysterious material.

"I didn't know you could do that," a voice said behind him. Léon turned around and found a shapeless shadow around two green eyes. The shadow took the form of a man and pushed his back from the wall. He walked a few steps closer to Léon and into a stripe of moonlight, revealing his identity. Lampee darted forward and jumped against him. Instead of claws and teeth, the tiger met the man with affectionate licks on the face.

Léon glared. "What the hell are you doing here, Red?"

Phillip shrugged, grinning to the big animal. "I missed you too, boy," he whispered to Lampee, caressing his neck. "I thought you might need some backup." He raised the palm of his hand and smirked.

Resting against the black leather of Phillip's fingerless glove, Léon found Satina's jamming device.

"Wait." Léon clenched his fists. "Did you...?"

"Yes," Phillip answered. "I deactivated it and alerted the police." He shrugged and thrust the small device inside his pocket.

Léon looked back towards the reception, watching as the flashlights swept the room, searching for intruders. One of them stopped, and something cold dropped low inside Léon's stomach. Had they found Mary or Roberto?

"If something happens to them, Red, I swear..."

"Don't worry. I'm here." Without waiting for an answer, Phillip unsheathed his twin daggers and walked back into the shadows. "You need me. And I'll show you why, Warp." He assumed an attack stance, ready to finish his enemies.

In the darkness, Red Menace was unbeatable.

The steel of his weapons swallowed the moonlight and spat a red glow that pulsated like a heart. When he ran towards the first group of officers, the blade appeared and disappeared as it was thrust deep into officers' flesh, making them fall one by one.

Léon felt so angry that an intense wave of nausea reached a burning half of his chest. He gulped and rushed towards the place where he knew the electrical panel was.

"What are you doing? Let him do the hard work," Lampee said in a lazy manner.

"I'm not about to let that asshole murder innocent people!" Léon shouted. He opened the box and pushed every single lever back to ON, flooding the bank with its automatic lights. Phillip, still half-covered by the dense, ever-moving trace of darkness, froze in place, then staggered backward, wailing in pain.

Léon's lips trembled. Few of the cops were still standing, too terrified to move. On one corner, Phillip stood, covered in blood and anger, surrounded by soon-to-be-corpses. On the other, Roberto was locking one of the police officers in a rear-naked choke, with two others unconscious on the floor. Mary was nowhere to be seen.

Phillip swallowed his darkness again, making the fuming dark smoke disappear. Rob let the officer fall unconscious on the floor.

"What the bloody hell you doing here, mate?" Rob barked, eyes set on Phillip.

"Saving your ungrateful ass," he answered. "Now let's get the hell out of here before more of them show up."

Léon pursed his lips. He tapped his commlink. "B, where are you?"

"Outside. What's happening in there? Why are the lights on?"

"I'll tell you later." He turned to Rob. "Where's Fait?"

Roberto jerked a thumb towards his back, his brows still furrowed.

The door to the restroom opened. "Oh, hello! I needed to pee," she said, smiling.

"Let's go, then. We have a lot to talk about, Red," Léon said, eyes set on Phillip. "Meet us at Invidia. Tomorrow. I can't deal with you right now."

***

AN/ Hey, everyone! Since I didn't update last Friday, this week I'll make a double update ;) Hope you enjoy this chapter! Please don't forget to vote <3

AN/ Hey, everyone! Since I didn't update last Friday, this week I'll make a double update ;) Hope you enjoy this chapter! Please don't forget to vote <3 BTW~ Are you participating in my Art Giveaway yet? No? Oh, love, then run! If you win, you can ask me to draw any character at all, even your own. Thrilled? Well, I am too! :3

BTW~ Are you participating in my Art Giveaway yet? No? Oh, love, then run! If you win, you can ask me to draw any character at all, even your own. Thrilled? Well, I am too! :3 See you all this Friday!

See you all this Friday! Here's Roberto, our favorite Bear :P

Here's Roberto, our favorite Bear :P

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





twenty-two: Tied up and knocked out


New Continent, April 16th, 2047 — the next day

New Continent, April 16th, 2047 — the next day — Léon —



— Léon — Léon —

Léon closed the restroom door with a bang, then trudged back to his sofa-bed and slouched beside Mary. With a deep sigh, he hoped he hadn't awakened Pipo or his mother with the noise—but it was hard to control himself. To avoid stressing his nerves even more, he leaned forward and snatched the gauze from Rob's hands.

"You don't need that. Amma has a nice pomade for bruises. I'll get it for you." He got up again and walked to the medicine cabinet.

Roberto met his eyes. He was sitting with his back against the sofa armrest, his long legs spread on the floor. "Thanks, mate. I... never learned anything about first aid."

Satina kept her arms crossed and a worried expression on her face. Around her, piles of permir chips, cred sticks, and jewelry were well organized and labeled. "This situation with Phillip, Leo... I was afraid something like this was gonna happen." She faced him. "Are you sure he took the jamming device offline? On purpose?"

sure "That's what he told me." Léon's words were controlled, but the downward curl on his lips was proof of his anger. He took a green tube from the cabinet and walked back to the sofa. "His team is sinking, Tiny. He'd do anything to bring them up again."

"But we're not even close to reaching his rank, much less to topple him." Satina leaned forward and pulled a duffel bag from under the sofa. "Why us?" With experienced moves, she started to put their loot into hidden pockets inside the bag, separating them by value. "I mean, we're no threat to him."

"I am," Mary said, raising a hand. When all eyes were on her, she grinned. "I'm in second now, remember? He's fifteen ." Something wicked glimmered in her pale blue eyes.

fifteen Léon bit his lower lip, deep in thought. He sat down and opened his legs, calling Roberto with a gesture.

"That makes the situation even worse." Léon opened the tube. "He knows we're going to attack the prison, and I'm pretty sure he'll ruin everything. Maybe he plans to do it all the way up... we're just his first milestone."

"Wouldn't make sense. If the bloke wants only to end his competition, one would think he'd start at those closer in the rankings," Rob said. "Fourteen or thirteen, for instance."

"Maybe he wants to send a message." Mary's smile was intact. "Abandon all hope, ye who here dwell, for Red Menace arrived."

Rob scooted to the side and leaned against the stretch of sofa between Léon's knees. Rob had large bruises around his neck and arms and a deep, neglected cut on his right arm that already showed signs of infection.

Léon frowned. "Hey, when did this happen?" he asked in a whisper, poking around the cut.

this Roberto flinched and peeked over his shoulder to look at the wound. His eyebrows shot upward. "Holy hedgehog. I have no idea."

"Does it hurt?" Léon poked around a bit more, pressing old cuts and bruises while a small smirk curled the corner of his lips.

" Yeah, Léon." Rob grunted. "Stop pressing it! Blimey..."

Yeah, Léon chuckled, spreading a bit of pomade on his fingers. "All right. Mate."

"Leo?" Satina only continued when he faced her. "I know Phillip. He takes advantage of people, and he's an irrational jerk sometimes, but I don't think he'd show up in our mission only to ruin it. This ranking thing... I don't think that's the reason. He wouldn't've helped to take down those cops if he wanted to see us fail."



A moment of silence stretched over them.

Finally, Rob said, "Perhaps he's trying to work with us."

Léon massaged a particularly large bruise on Rob's arm, then another on his neck. "I doubt it."

"Think about it. He shows up at the bank, throws shite on the fan, forces combat with the police, maims half of the cops inside—and then saves the day ." Rob scoffed. "He either wants to play hero, or he's showing his tail's colors to impress us."

saves the day "I adore your metaphors about animals, Robbie-Bear. Very colorful," Mary said.

colorful," "Thanks, Mary."

"It does make sense, Butthead. Not bad." Satina grabbed her phone and typed a quick message. While waiting for a response, she watched as Léon spread more of the pomade on Rob's muscles, paying special attention to a small dark circle on Rob's biceps. She shook her head, smiling tenderly.

does He smiled back.

Léon got up and walked to the medicine cabinet to get cotton pads and an antiseptic spray. As he walked back, his eyes lingered on Satina. She had just finished storing their loot in the duffel bag and was now pushing a thick comforter inside it. Léon sighed and walked back to his seat.

He missed her. He and Satina had been best friends since he could remember, and they wouldn't spend a single day without a good conversation... but since Rob had arrived, they'd only talk about him or about work.

him How boring.

How boring. There was silence for a moment, while Léon cleaned and bandaged Rob's cut. The birds started to chirp outside as the deep black sky turned indigo. The street lamps turned off with tired clanks as soft rustlings came from Kaliandra's room.

Satina's phone buzzed.

She read the message, checked the clock on the wall, and smirked. "Okay." She raised her phone. "Phillip and Medusa will meet up with us tomorrow."

Léon's eyes widened. "Wait, what ? He tries to screw us over, and we agree to work with him? What the hell, Tiny?"

what "I'm not saying we're gonna work with him, what I'm saying is—"

gonna "He's a bully! A cheating, ignorant, backstabbing bully! You can't seriously suggest—"

"Hey! I'm not the one you should be mad with. Hold your horses, partner, or I'll start cracking my whips!"

Léon pursed his lips. He tightened his grip, making Roberto mutter a bloody hell, mate .

bloody hell, mate "Okay." Léon took a deep breath. "But I refuse to be present for the shitshow."

Satina furrowed her brows and leaned forward to lock on Léon's eyes. "No, sweetheart. You will be there. You will sit right beside me, holding my hand while we decide what to do. Like the good friend and professional you are." She got up before he could answer and turned around. "C'mon, Mary, I'll take you home." Satina raised her chin and pulled the duffel bag up her shoulders. "We'll all meet at Invidia tomorrow. Got it, Leo?"

will all He pursed his lips and took a deep breath, bobbing his head.

"Good. You have to let the past go," Satina said. She leaned in to whisper, only for Léon to hear, "Otherwise, you'll never get over what he did to you."

***

It was dark, but he could hear the fighting around him. The shouts, screams, explosions. Laughs, too. Impetuous, cruel, barbaric guffaws. He tried to open his eyes, but couldn't; there was a thick layer of sand gluing them closed.

It was dark, but he could hear the fighting around him. The shouts, screams, explosions. Laughs, too. Impetuous, cruel, barbaric guffaws. He tried to open his eyes, but couldn't; there was a thick layer of sand gluing them closed.

Fuck.

Fuck. Run, he heard. Run!

Run, he heard. Run! Léon sat up on his bed as if a jolt of energy had crossed his whole body. He patted his chest, legs, and the coldness on his naked arms. His heart was racing, and his skin was humid, cold, covered in goosebumps.

He was safe... it was just a dream.

Still.

"Shit," he whispered, sniffing.

He tried to stop an annoying trail of tears when the lights turned on with a click. There should be more daylight pouring inside the room, but the new, thick curtains Rob "gave to Kaliandra" let the place drowned in darkness.

"Hey... everything okay?" a drowsy voice asked. A gentle hand closed around his arm and tugged, making him turn around on the sofa-bed.

Léon took a deep breath. "Yeah, sorry for waking you, Rob. It's just... this weird-ass nightmare I've been having for the past weeks. It gets worse every night." He ran a hand through his hair, pulling a few long locks from the hair tie.

Rob took a deep breath. "Oi," he breathed out. He was cute, rubbing the sleep off of his eyes like this. "You saw a pretty grim scene yesterday, and you have a lot going on." Rob leaned forward and spread a hand on Léon's back. His voice was soothing and gentle. "It's quite understandable to have nightmares, there's no need to apologize."

After a long moment of uncomfortable silence, Léon nodded and muttered, "I'll try to sleep a while longer. Turn off the lights, please."

Rob stretched an arm to the switch. With a click, the room was dark again.

Léon smacked his pillow, pulled his comforter, and slouched on his bed. When he was finally comfortable, his breathing went back to a normal rate. If he weren't so tired, the traffic sounds outside would bother him. Rob's voice came back. It was little more than a whisper, said with seriousness and confidence.

"If you have nightmares again... lie with me. I'll take them from you."

Léon's breath caught in his throat. The room was too dark to see Rob's expression and decide if he was joking or not. There, lying under his comforter, only the gentle pressure of Rob's deep voice lingered against his ears. Léon felt his heartbeat even stronger as his cheeks burned.

"I don't need it," he answered in a mutter. "Good night."

***

"I don't need it, Roberto. I want it. I crave it!" Satina said in an overly dramatic tone, raising her hands in the air like a character in a Shakespearean play.

want crave The next day, already at Invidia, she, Mary, and Léon were sitting at a large triangular table inside one of Invidia's meeting rooms. Like the rest of the HQ, it was completely furnished with marble and several pots of plants.

"Shut up, he's gonna hear you," Léon said, trying to clasp a hand over her mouth. His eyes jumped to the narrow door to his right, through which Roberto had followed moments earlier, to visit the restroom.

Satina laughed, tilting her head to the side to lose him. She took a lollipop from her jacket's pocket and unwrapped it.

"Why in the world, oh Roberto, wouldn't I want your hot, defined, delicious body grinding against mine?" she said, then mouthed the lollipop.

delicious Léon paled even more. "Shut the fuck up!"

Satina's voice was muffled. "Oh, Roberto... protect me from the evil nightmares. Je suis ton petit chat, mon grand ours !"

Je suis ton petit chat, mon grand ours

Mary's chuckle turned into a giggle. With a voice drenched in joy, she said, "You know, Leo, tigers are like panthers, in a way, and panthers and bears have been friends for decades. Since Mogli!"

"That's it. I'm never gonna tell you two anything. Ever again!" Léon barked, furrowing his brows. He crossed his arms and batted his back against his chair's backrest.

never Satina's laugh intensified. She plucked the lollipop from her mouth and pointed it at Léon. "Hey, don't come to the playground if you can't bear the jokes." Another laugh. "Besides, he can't hear us. That's one of the reasons why I like this meeting room. Soundproof bathroom, baby." She winked.

bear Léon grunted. "He's a Bear, what if he has... super hearing? Animal hearing... bear hearing!"

bear "Chill, cous," she said with a final chuckle. "We don't want to startle your protector when he comes back."

As if waiting for his cue, Rob unlocked the door and stepped outside the restroom. He used one of his many band t-shirts, a new aviator jacket, and black-washed jeans he had bought the day after Invidia's welcoming party.

"What did I miss?" Rob asked, sitting again beside Léon.

" Nada ," Satina answered. Her candid smile could almost fool Léon himself. "We're just still waiting for our... guests."

Nada "Blimey. Still?" Rob looked at his wristwatch and grimaced. "They're already six... no, seven minutes late."

seven The door opened, and a tall woman paraded inside. Her hair was light brown, wavy, and as thin as the fabric of her dress. Her honey-colored locks almost reached her waist, where at least twenty centimeters of gold formed an intricate belt covered with many different species of snakes. Like her body and the clothes she used, her face invoked a modern view of ancient Greece, with much drapery, loose fabrics, and tight cords of blue leather.

The woman walked towards Satina with a smirk on her lips. "Fashionably late, some would say."

Satina smiled and raised from her chair with maybe a tad more energy than needed. "Medusa. It' a pleasure." She stretched a hand towards the newcomer and froze in place as Medusa pulled her into a hug. Satina cleared her throat and gestured toward Léon, mouthing the lollipop again. "Y-you probably already know Reality Warp..."

Medusa adjusted her sunglasses. "I've had the pleasure." She narrowed her eyes, turning at Léon. "He broke the effect of my Petrifying Gaze in record time. I was... mildly impressed."

Léon saw a soft crease formed between Satina's eyebrows, but she managed to school her expression before it was too apparent.

"And here's Parfait..."

"Oh, everyone knows Parfait," Medusa drawled. "Everything okay, darling?"

everyone Mary grinned. "Sweet as popcorn."

Satina then gestured towards Roberto. "And here's the now-infamous..."

"Grizzly Bear," Medusa completed. Her smirk deepened as she took in a breath of air and walked towards him. "It's a pleasure." She offered him her hand like an 1800s upper-class Lady.

"Yeah, lovely to see you again," Rob answered, getting up. He took her hand and pecked her knuckles. "I hope you don't hold grudges, Medusa. The past is in the past and all that, yeah? My time as a hero is over." He placed a hand over hers and caressed it with his thumb. "We're on the same side now."

"Of course, darling," Medusa answered. "But I hope you won't show me the same kindness you offered me in our last encounter."

"Well, I thought you and your darlings would appreciate the weather in the desert," Rob said.

darlings

"Not as much as you enjoyed your supper that one time in the Old Continent, I imagine," Medusa said with a smile.

Rob furrowed his brows. Every ounce of lightness escaped his demeanor. "If you try poisoning my bloody food again, I'll lose it. No one messes with my food!"

food A rattle filled the room. Léon's eyes set on Roberto's arm and on the thick snake that slowly wrapped around it, sliding off of Medusa's shoulder.

"Nothing you do will be half as bad as what I have planned if you ever try to lock me in one of those roots of yours. I shower twice a day, Bear, and you left me there for one entire week!"

roots Léon and Satina shared a surprised glance.

"So... you two know each other," Léon muttered.

Medusa took a deep breath, and the anger in her face disappeared. "That we do, darling. Like some people say, we get on like a house on fire ."

like a house on fire Roberto growled, lips smacked together in ire. The snake's strength was so great around his arm that his hand was starting to darken.

"But we talked enough," Medusa cut off. She caressed the snake on Rob's arm, and it loosened its grip. Medusa took the snake and gently put it around her neck. "Let's start our meeting, yes? It's good to see you all here." She took a deep breath and walked towards the table. She sat on the chair beside Satina and continued in a sweet tone, turning to her. "I suppose you don't hear this often around here, but... thank you for considering to help us. My team appreciates it." Slowly, the rattlesnake circled her neck and went up to her nape, disappearing between her hair.

thank you "Where is it, though?" Rob crossed his arms. "Your team, I mean. If they appreciate it so much, how come you're the only one here?"

Medusa smirked. "Fred's in jail..."

"We know that," Léon said.

"And I persuaded Red not to come." She smirked, turning her face to Léon. "He's tied up and knocked out in your NAV. He was delirious, thinking we should approach this from, as he said, a position of strength . I obviously disagreed. I've seen Red acting like a crazy baboon far too many times around Warp to trust he wouldn't ruin this meeting. So... I came alone."

persuaded your position of strength Rob had his eyebrows shot upwards and a grin on his lips. "Well, I guess I have a new-found respect for you, Medusa."

"And I can't imagine why," she said in a soft tone, her eyes jumping from him to Léon.

***

The conversation didn't take long. Satina's team agreed to keep Red's intervention in their last meeting a secret. In exchange, they'd have full access to the more advanced weapons and vehicles Red and his team had for their missions. They'd train together every day and review the heist plan at least once a week until the day of the attack. Medusa also offered herself to keep Red's temper in check while Satina was to do the same for her team.

And finally, for their attack on Silverin Heights, the prison of New Continent...

"I think we should just run a few missions together and see if we can work together," Satina said.

Léon, Roberto, and Mary seemed equally bothered by the situation.

"And I think little old me should be allowed to exercise my artistic side," Mary said.

Medusa nodded to Satina, then turned to Mary and said, "I agree. I'll make sure Red won't bother you about that anymore. Anything else? No?"

Léon raised a hand. "If things don't work out in those smaller missions, we get to walk away free. You'll make sure Red won't even get close to us anymore."

close Medusa nodded. "I'll do my best. So... do we have a deal? We'll get twenty-five percent of the loot, whatever it is, and we'll take Fred out of there. In exchange, you'll put in a good word for us with Iara. I made some calculations and, considering the numbers from your first heist to that club, these twenty-five percent would shoot us back to the first ten in the rankings. In exchange, you'll have a real backup. Red and I will do anything necessary to make sure this mission succeeds."

real Satina took a deep breath and glanced at her team. With a smile, she turned back to Medusa. "Yeah. We have a deal.

"Great!" Medusa said with a smile—an honest one this time. She got up from her chair and offered Satina a handshake. "Oh, and... by the way, are you doing anything tonight? Red is throwing a party in one of his secret penthouses tonight, villains only. He wants you all to go." She moved her eyes through the other villains. They stopped at Satina. " We want you to go."

We To Léon's surprise, Roberto was the one who answered it.

"We'll surely be there."

surely ***

*** AN/ Hello, everyone! I'm sorry for the little delay, but here's the chapter I promised! :D

AN/ Hello, everyone! I'm sorry for the little delay, but here's the chapter I promised! :D Hope you enjoy it. Please don't forget to vote! ;)

Hope you enjoy it. Please don't forget to vote! ;) Next Chapter will be "Léon in chains, Pt III," with some good fun for you... >8)

Next Chapter will be "Léon in chains, Pt III," with some good fun for you... >8) Thank you for reading. Loads of love,

Thank you for reading. Loads of love, Ligia

Ligia





twenty-three: Léon in chains (Part I)


— Léon —

Léon — As the elevator continued its long ascend, Léon was lost in thought. His cheeks warmed up as he remembered the kiss he had almost shared with Roberto in the holographic cinema. Although he questioned how romantic that kiss would be—sat on a photonic chair, sweaty after work, and exchanging saliva as robotic vampires exploded in the screen—he needed to recognize how much he wanted to try Rob's lips.

almost If that almost-kiss was actually intended, that is. They had watched the whole movie in silence after that, separated by a respectable distance. Léon questioned if Rob had really made a move. Maybe he was just leaning in to... hear him better.

actually For Satina, Léon would say he didn't trust Roberto. For Mary, he'd say he still had doubts about Rob's intentions. For his mom and brother, he'd insist Rob was a friend. But maybe for himself, Léon could manage to admit the truth...

for himself, Whatever that was.

He gnawed at his lower lip, staring at the ceiling. Stop fooling yourself, Léon. You freaked out, that's all.

Stop fooling yourself, Léon. You freaked out, that's all. "Leo? You listening to me, mate?" Rob asked.

Léon took a deep breath and faced him, raising his eyebrows as if giving him permission to speak.

"Won't Mary come? She mentioned you three liked me more without the beard, so I reckoned I'd humor you today." Rob caressed his chin and cheek as if he was starring in a LazerShave TV ad. With raised eyebrows and a puffed up chest, he asked, "What do you think, Léon? Beard? Or no beard?"

Instead of answering, Léon narrowed his eyes, studying the smug smile on Rob's face. He was definitely a dork. What was so special about him?

The private elevator to Phillip's penthouse wasn't as spacious as other elevators in high-class buildings like this. Phillip always bragged about how he had insisted his elevator be inconspicuous in the floor plan, so it wasn't too difficult for Léon to turn his face aside and hide his smile.

Truth is, he definitely preferred Roberto without the beard. Not that he'd say that, of course. In fact, Léon had barely looked at him since they left his place, almost an hour ago. Léon had seen the tuxedo Rob rented for the party—and he knew himself well enough to suspect Roberto plus tuxedo plus an open bar party equaled to drunk Léon making stupid choices. It was an equation he definitely wasn't willing to see resolved.

without looked definitely "I prefer you well behaved, Roberto," Léon said. "Remember, no matter how elegant people will look inside, they're still villains. No fighting and no using powers, okay? Red will know if you use them. And let's stick to our aliases."

Rob huffed. "Yeah. Warp. " He stopped for a moment, rocking on his heels. Considering the rustling of fabric, he was adjusting his tuxedo. Again. "Satina?"

Warp. "Hm?" she answered, already impatient.

"Won't Mary come? Warp won't answer me."

Warp Léon scoffed, and Satina grunted. She answered, "Mary's seventeen , Roberto. There will be plenty of alcohol at the party." She took her time to smear the deep sienna of her lipstick on her lips, checking her reflex in a hand mirror.

seventeen "Yeah, I suppose she can't come," Rob said.

Satina raised an eyebrow. "Did you hear what I said? Seventeen. Alcohol. Of course she'll come."

Of course "But... she's not twenty-one yet..."

"Mary was born in a casino, Papa Bear. She drinks and gambles better than many so-called adults around here." Satina peeked over her shoulder and drew a smirk to complete, "I'm talking about you, Leo."



"Goddess, Tiny. Why do you keep getting at me?"

Satina chuckled. "'Cause I love you, cousin." She grinned, going back to her make-up. "And because you're easy to piss off."

Léon glared at her.

A moment later, the elevator stopped, and its doors opened with a ring. Satina rushed outside and linked her arms with Léon and Rob, saying something about being the femme fatale between two passable, half-interesting-looking men .

the femme fatale between two passable, half-interesting-looking men Phillip's penthouse was almost as big as Mary's. Both were located in the same elite apartment complex just outside the main urban center of New Continent. Here, one of the most expensive square meters of land in the entire continent—second only to the infamous Murilean manor—heroes, villains, and politicians shared playgrounds, swimming pools, barbecue areas, and gyms. Needless to say, each of them wore fake smiles and concealed daggers at all times.

The trio walked through a cozy entry hall and reached an open-concept, dimly lit room with wide panels of brushed steel, wooden rafters, leather sofas, and one massive longhorn skull hung over the fireplace. Mercurial Unicorn blasted the soundboxes, while men and women dressed in black served drinks to the guests. The other villains spread among the many sofas and armchairs, the pool table, bar, and the rustic whirlpool.

They walked to the bar, greeting people along the way. Rob chose a caipirinha and Satina, a Rusty Nail with double the honey, while Léon poured himself a glass of orange juice.

"Fancy place," Rob said.

"Thanks, partner," said a voice at their back.

They turned around. Phillip crossed the entry hall with a pack of ice in one hand and a bag of snacks that definitely didn't match his formal tux. He smiled at them, emanating so much warmth that he seemed a completely different person. Léon already knew the reason for that: being at home brought out the best in Phillip. While he felt safe and welcome, he always managed to act like an actual person.

"Make yourselves at home. A casa é sua, as Warp says." With a smirk directed at Roberto, Phillip jerked a thumb towards a leather sofa at the other side of the room. "Parfait and Medusa are waiting. Go first, I'll meet you there."

A casa é sua, Later, the five of them were sitting on a wide brown sofa talking about Azziz and Lucca, the main characters of I, Werevampire-wolf death machine nine thousand . As Léon finished his very long and very bitter list of reasons why they shouldn't be together at the end of the first movie, Phillip approached.

I, Werevampire-wolf death machine nine thousand "They love each other, Warp, that's all that matters," he said. Phillip had a tray in his hands. With a cocky smile, he offered them fresh guacamole and tortillas.

Léon let his eyes linger on Phillip for a moment while he reached for one of the tortillas. Considering Phillip's smile, it was hard to believe he had spent at least three hours locked in the trunk of his car.

After their meeting, Medusa had accompanied them to Kaliadra's NAV. She opened the Egg yolk's trunk and found Phillip with a rough gag in his mouth, his hands, and ankles knotted together as if he was an enormous pig in an oven—what wasn't too far from the truth.

In classic Phillip fashion, he was so unmoved by Medusa's antics that he snored softly, shifting to find a more comfortable position for his nap. It was a funny sight, for sure. When Satina asked how he could sleep, his only answer was:

"Medusa's part of my team, I trust her with my life."

Now, to some exaggerated beat by another mainstream meaty-synth band, Phillip left the tray of snacks on the table and pulled a chair, turning it around to sit with his chest against the backrest.



"Thank you all for coming. There's something I want from you." Phillip accepted Medusa's glass and took a sip. "I love a good Sazerac," he whispered.

love "I know," Medusa mouthed.

Phillip chuckled and faced Satina. He raised his free hand, weighing his words. "Okay, here's the good news. Since we'll be working as a team, I won't have to keep crashing your party."

"We'd crash you if you did," Satina said with a sweet grin.

you Léon and Rob shared a smile while Mary let out an exaggerated guffaw. Phillip ignored them all.

"The bad news is that Medusa forgot to mention something crucial." Phillip ran a hand through his hair, pushing strands of dirty blond hair backward. " I will lead the attack on the prison. I'm a better leader, Bureau, you know it."

bad I "Red!" Medusa said, furrowing her brows. "Don't you dare to spoil this. I'm warning you!"

dare Satina chuckled, raising a single eyebrow. "No," she put simply—but with such security that Phillip's poise weakened.

"Well... then I get to lead something else ." Phillip blinked. "Right?"

something else Satina shook her head. "We'll have two teams. I'll lead the operation from the—"

"I know, I know. The rescue team and the infiltration team, you oversee the operation. But I want to lead one of them."

"Mate," Rob said. His smile was filled with scorn. "We talked about this mission the whole morning. You can't simply decide things on your own."

"Well, I—"

Rob didn't let him finish. "No. This is just rubbish. Can we agree he won't participate in our meetings? It's like hearing a spoiled junior-schooler speak."

"Listen here—" Phillip tried again.

"Just let Medusa decide things for you, mate. She's clearly the brains in your team."

Phillip's face reddened, and the color crawled up to the tips of his ears. "Well, I'll say the same about Bureau."

"With good reason," Rob answered. "She's brilliant."

Phillip considered Rob for a moment, then turned to Satina. "Let's solve this like the villains we are. I bet I can take down big guy here, and if I do, I want you to let me lead a team."

"Absolutely not!" Medusa said.

Satina moved her eyes to Roberto. When he nodded, she turned to face Phillip again. "Why not? Go ahead."

Léon widened his eyes. "B, you can't let—"

"Course I can. Let them be cavemen if they want to," Satina said. There was a weird gleam in her eyes.

Léon found a smirk on Rob's lips and a calm coldness in his eyes. When their gazes met, Rob softened his countenance, opening a real smile.

"What will it be, then?" Rob asked. "Arm wrestling?"

"Try again, minus arm, " Phillip answered. "Medusa, will you be our referee?"

arm, "No way in hell," she said in a steady voice.

"Me! Pick me!" Mary said, raising her hand. "I want to be your narrator."

"Baldie! I chose you." Phillip took his shawl lapel coat off. "Introduce us."

With a grin, Mary let the stripes of her backpack slide off her shoulders and pulled the backpack to her lap. Her swift hands took a golden microphone out.



"Are you satisfied yet? No, of course not!" Mary said, standing on her seat. As she spoke, the faces around them started to lock on her blue eyes. Mary continued, "And you shouldn't be. That's not all this party will be. Drinks, a whirlpool, music? Meh . You want something more, don't you?"

all Meh The other villains cheered drunk "yeas."

Mary's eyebrows quirked up. "Goodie-good. Gather 'round, everyone. We'll have our own little, amicable brawling right now."

amicable Laughs sprouted from the crowd. Mary, Roberto, Phillip, and Satina, crossed the apartment from the distant sofa towards the main living room, parading like MMA fighters going to the ring. As they walked, some of the guests raised and followed the procession.

Léon faced Medusa. "Won't you watch the fight?"

"Red's being a jerk; he doesn't deserve my attention." Medusa shrugged. "I hope Bear will give him a black eye."

Léon chuckled.

Mary's voice came back, "You already know them, don't you? At my left... he's the warrior of the shadows and was the second-best villain in Invidia... until he lost to little ol' me." Laughs spread like wildfire. "It's him, people. Invidia's worst jerk and your host tonight—Red Menace!"

The crowd cheered.

Medusa curled a satisfied smile. "Well, what about you? Won't you watch the fight?"

you Léon's eyes swept the crowd, trying to catch a glimpse of the fighters. "I've watched and fought in so many of these wrestlings that nothing can surprise me anymore."

Mary continued, "At my right, the shield of clan Invidia and the surprise of 2047. He, the hairy beast from New Continent, and your future favorite villain... Grizzly Bear!"

The cheers multiplied.

Medusa took Léon's arm and sashayed toward the crowd, keeping him close. "I didn't know you liked to fight face-to-face. I always thought you used only your tigers."

"My ex liked to train me in melee. He was a great fighter, and this was sort of... you know. Our hobby."

"You don't say," Medusa mumbled.

They stopped beside the circle of people. Medusa looked at the sofa beside it, where a large group of people stood, trying to watch the fight. Two of them stepped down with a wave of her hand, giving Léon and Medusa a tight space on the improvised bleachers.

When Léon managed to regain his balance, he moved his eyes to the fighters. Phillip was already shirtless, balled hands in front of his face. Rob had a lazy smile on his lips as he let the jacket of his tux slid off his arms. He unbuttoned his vest and took it off too, handing both of them to an eager Satina. Rob smiled while adjusting his suspenders' elastic stripes, then folded his sleeves up to the mid of his arm.

"Remember the rules, gentlemen: no powers, no killing. For the rest, you do as I say. Understood?" Mary asked.

"Yes," the two fighters answered together. Phillip was shorter and leaner, but there wasn't even an ounce of fear in his eyes.

"Very well," Mary said. "Three... two... one... fight!"

Phillip made the first move. He pounced forward and grabbed Roberto's brown locks to pull his face against his right knee. The crowd cheered as Rob staggered backward and groaned, raising his hands to cover the blood trail running from his nose.

"For a starter," Phillip said with a smug expression. The other villains cheered even more.

"You're fast, mate." Roberto cleaned the running blood on his sleeve and locked eyes with Phillip. He traced his nose with the tips of his fingers, pressing its bridge. "But I thought this was supposed to be wrestling , not a no holds barred. "

wrestling no holds barred. Phillip puffed up his chest and gestured towards Mary.

She chuckled. "Oh, Deary-Beary, every fight against a villain is an NHB. A vale tudo. You chose your style, your opponent chose his or hers, and then you fight."

vale tudo. "Of course ." Rob's impatience was clear in the way he crooked his lips. "All right." He took a step forward and balanced his body to one side, curving his trunk forward and preparing his defense.

course Léon knew Rob was a master in Capoeira and a black belt in Jiu-jitsu, which meant he should be able to defend himself. Phillip, on the other hand, preferred a more violent approach. Muay-Thai and Krav maga, apart from the training with his double daggers.

should The great shield and the sharp blades were fighting... and Léon had no idea who would win.

That's when a hand tugged on Léon's jacket. He lowered his eyes and met Satina's dark gaze. She had Rob's jacket in hand and a soft expression on her face. Before he could say anything, Satina motioned for him to follow. Under Medusa's curious gaze, Satina and Léon walked away from the fight and back to the far side of the room, where Satina pulled Rob's phone from his tux's pocket.

"There's something I think you should see, Leo." Satina turned on the phone and, with a swipe, a screen filled with dots appeared. Instead of guessing the pattern, Satina interfaced the phone with a small gadget on his wristwatch. Half a moment later, she unlocked it. Satina tapped a few icons, swiped through the files, then stopped in a photo. "Look," she said, giving him the phone. "This is proof, Leo. He's been telling the truth."

***

*** AN/ Enjoying the story? Please don't forget to vote! And if you think a friend might enjoy it, feel free to share it too! ;)

AN/ Enjoying the story? Please don't forget to vote! And if you think a friend might enjoy it, feel free to share it too! ;) The chains are starting to tighten around Léon. Do you already know why? >8)

The chains are starting to tighten around Léon. Do you already know why? >8) This week I'll post a new chapter... and as a way to apologize for the delays and to celebrate #pride month, here's an illustration of Rob and Léon:



This week I'll post a new chapter... and as a way to apologize for the delays and to celebrate #pride month, here's an illustration of Rob and Léon:



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Are you already participating in my art giveaway? No? Run, then! You have only 10 more days. 8)

Are you already participating in my art giveaway? No? Run, then! You have only 10 more days. 8) This chapter is dedicated to Greyyha . Thank you for your comments, votes, and of course for reading! ♥

This chapter is dedicated to Greyyha . Thank you for your comments, votes, and of course for reading! Greyyha See you soon with a new chapter.

See you soon with a new chapter. Ligia

Ligia





twenty-four: Léon in chains (Part II)


— Léon —

— Léon — — Léon — Léon took the phone in hands, not sure of what to say. He barely recognized himself, so little and with his hair so short. He was... six? Seven? He stared at the grinning boy in the photo and couldn't help but smile. So this is what I looked like.

So this is what I looked like. From all the holoframes and digital photos back at home, none of them showed him in Old Continent—and so young. His mom had told him once that she, Léon, and Satina had to run away. They had left most of his belongings behind, along with terabytes of family photos, so he thought he'd never have anything from that time.

He was so happy he was wrong...

"Amma was right. I was cute," he said, trying to hold back a smile. Satina chuckled at his side and caressed his hair. Léon bit down his lower lip. "Are there more?"

Satina grinned. "Look for yourself, cous. I won't spoil it for you."

In the distance, Léon heard more cheers and Mary's voice saying something about a flying kick and the perfect defense, but he couldn't care less about the fight. Rob had saved those photos for Goddess-knows how many years, and they were now living testimony of the memories he didn't have anymore.

They were proof.

Léon swiped and found photos of plants, insects, and animals he had never seen. Then, he found another picture of him, this time with a younger version of Rob at his side. His chest warmed up.

"We really met when we were kids." Léon raised his eyes, looking for Rob. Between the many people watching the fight, he caught a glimpse of him, wearing a smile as wide as the boy in the photo he had just found. Right there, in that loud party, with a stolen phone in hands, Léon felt a surge of affection for that gentle, strong bear.

It was so unfair. He wanted so much to remember!

so much Léon lowered his eyes and swiped some more. "Here's another photo of me, Tiny. Look!" Léon whispered, showing her the screen. He seemed to be around eleven years old and had two purple monkeys upon his shoulders. "Huh." Léon didn't need to remember that photo to recognize his ancient protectors. "I think I can change Bonee and Lampee's shape, after all."

Satina chuckled. "If you can convince them."

"What will probably be very hard."

Mary shouted, raising her voice over the crowd's cheers, "What a punch, Ladies and Gentlemen! Red Menace falls face first, and Bear finally manages to immobilize him!"

Léon's eyes were starting to water when he found a new sequence of photos. He seemed fifteen and smiled like a fool while clutching Roberto's hands as if it was the most precious treasure in the world.

"Oh, now that's interesting," Satina said.

that's Léon chuckled and sniffed.

He was studying the photo when one of the guests let out a gasp. "Holy shit. You all need to see this!" he shouted, racing to Phillip's holotelly. The guest turned it on and tunned in a news channel.

Léon got up, frowning. He looked from the phone to the holotelly. On the newscast, he saw flames again.

"For the Goddess," one of the guests said. The phrase reached the others, and a dense silence spread over the room.

Rob's hold on Phillip loosened; Phillip kicked Rob away and jumped back, ready to continue the fight, but Rob trudged towards the holo TV instead.

"Raise the volume," Rob asked in a commanding tone.



The TV showed the newest model of an Automated Vehicle being pulled out of the caustic ocean around New Continent.

'... Was found late this evening when a passing driver noticed the roof of the AV almost submerged. The police say they were able to recover the AV's black box and are now studying the programming routines running at the time of the accident.'

'... Was found late this evening when a passing driver noticed the roof of the AV almost submerged. The police say they were able to recover the AV's black box and are now studying the programming routines running at the time of the accident.' "Bear, you can't leave the circle until the fight's over," Mary said. "I'll consider it a WO. Red will win!"

Léon looked from Mary to Roberto. On the screen, a crane lifted the crooked, metallic carcass of a baby-yellow 47 Ohana. Rob paled.

'AV's specialists around New Continent are still unsure of what caused the malfunction, but Ohana Industries' CEO, Hugh Nyang, says he won't rest until he uncovers the problem that caused Celena McCockay's death.'

'AV's specialists around New Continent are still unsure of what caused the malfunction, but Ohana Industries' CEO, Hugh Nyang, says he won't rest until he uncovers the problem that caused Celena McCockay's death.' "Holy shit," Satina said.

"Red wins," Mary mumbled with widened eyes, tossing her mic into her backpack. The crowd had dispersed and was now gathering around the holotelly.

'In a phone call with one of our correspondents, Brash McCockay, The Mayor, said his daughter's death will impact not only his life and the lives of those around him, but the whole city. During the interview, The Mayor revealed Celena McCockay was Fire Sapphire, a valiant defender of women's rights, education, and a never-resting Superhero in New Continent.'

'In a phone call with one of our correspondents, Brash McCockay, The Mayor, said his daughter's death will impact not only his life and the lives of those around him, but the whole city. During the interview, The Mayor revealed Celena McCockay was Fire Sapphire, a valiant defender of women's rights, education, and a never-resting Superhero in New Continent.' "I can't believe it," Rob muttered. "I can't believe she's dead ." His legs faltered, and Léon rushed to his side, holding his arm.

dead Around them, some of the villains cheered.

Roberto's expression crooked and twisted in pain; his knees jabbed the floor when he fell. Rob grabbed Léon's hand, tightening his grip.

Holy shit, how could some people celebrate something like that? Léon raised his pleading gaze to a stunned Phillip, who had his widened eyes glued on the screen. When their eyes locked, Phillip puffed up his chest and furrowed his brows.

"Listen here, motherfuckers," Phillip shouted. "This woman died in a fucking accident, and I don't fucking care if she was a super or not—none of you will celebrate something like this under my roof. She was a human being, like us. And a damn good person, for fuck's sake. Show some respect!"

The cheers died out, and Phillip walked towards Roberto. He supported a hand on Rob's shoulder, then looked at Léon.

"Take him home. I'll help you two to your NAV."

As Red and Medusa helped Roberto, assisting him with a candid solicitude he never thought possible, Léon felt it. The coldness where ere Roberto's hands touched. The silence, once occupied by his low, sad breathing. And yes, not the best moment for that—but that's when he noticed it.

The cold, damned butterflies? They were real.

He was chained now; he knew that.

***

*** Thank you for reading! Please don't forget to vote ♥

Thank you for reading! Please don't forget to vote Did you enjoy this chapter? It's short, but it was bittersweet to write. I can't stop picturing Léon's face when he discovered the pictures--then Rob's face when he heard the news about Celena T.T then Leo's face (again) as Red & Med helped Rob. A.A

Did you enjoy this chapter? It's short, but it was bittersweet to write. I can't stop picturing Léon's face when he discovered the pictures--then Rob's face when he heard the news about Celena T.T then Leo's face (again) as Red & Med helped Rob. A.A Next chapter will bring Rob's POV back, info about Léon's past and some action. I can't wait to post it. >8)

Next chapter will bring Rob's POV back, info about Léon's past and some action. I can't wait to post it. >8) And BTW, I was doing my Spanish classes on duo today (thinking about BISCA, as always) and I found this amusing sentence here. I hope the answer is "every time Ligia posts a new chapter" eh? hahaha

And BTW, I was doing my Spanish classes on duo today (thinking about BISCA, as always) and I found this amusing sentence here. I hope the answer is "every time Ligia posts a new chapter" eh? hahaha

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Have a great weekend , everyone! See you all next week.

Have a great weekend , everyone! See you all next week. Love,

Love, Ligia

Ligia





twenty-five: Fuck the plan.


huge chapter ahead!

huge chapter ahead! huge chapter ahead! — Rob —

— Rob — — Rob — He was the last one.

He, Roberto Tiaraju Tapir, the once-almighty Grizzly Bear, was the last one. Toni was murdered, Celena drowned, and his sister was missing for the past two years...

Roberto sighed. How long could her powers hold? How long until her trace faded for good? The last time they saw each other, Rafa had taken his hands and said, "Don't worry, brother. Trust me, I can endure anything. I'm Cicinnurus, sister of Grizzly Bear, daughter of Nevasca, The Heir of Caidara. I am strong, and I will live."

"Don't worry, brother. Trust me, I can endure anything. I'm Cicinnurus, sister of Grizzly Bear, daughter of Nevasca, The Heir of Caidara. I am strong, and I will live." Rob scoffed then as he was scoffing now. No. It was time to face it. Rafa was probably dead, too.

Pain shot through his chest.

"C'mon, Rob," Léon said in a soothing tone. He pushed the door open and spread a hand on Rob's back. "Lie down, I'll make you some tea."

Then, guilt shot through his chest.

guilt He never thought he would feel again after what he had with Toni, but... Rob slouched on the sofa and rested his head on the backrest. The more time he spent with Léon, the more he noticed he hadn't changed.

It was different with Toni; their love had ended long ago, and their relationship only lasted because of luck and propaganda. They were tied only by the invisible chain around their history, so it was almost an... obligation.

"Do you like chamomile tea?" Léon asked.

"Yeah."

And Celena was part of that history from the beginning. She had introduced them.

She Rob tightened his fists. He had no idea what had happened to Celena, but she was dead, and there was nothing he could do to change that.

"Here."

Léon gave Rob's shoulder a gentle caress, then his hand slid out of reach. Rob raised his eyes to find the purple rayon of Léon's shirt and a white mug of tea.

He had become a gentle bloke, that Léon.

"Thank you." Rob reached for the mug.

Not saying a word, Léon sat at his side on the sofa. He had a mug of his own and sipped it with evident distaste while fidgeting with the hem of his shirt.

"You don't like tea," Rob said.

"I hate it," Léon whispered. "I... I wasn't thinking clearly and... well, I don't want it to go to waste, so..."

hate A soft smile covered Rob's lips. He took the mug from Leo's hands and placed it on the side table at his right. Then, he leaned back against the backrest and closed his eyes again. "Just leave it there, I'll drink both."

Léon answered with a hummed positive.

Rob didn't know how much time they spent in that comfortable silence, but he felt his breathing going back to normal. The drawer under the sofa was opened, and soon came the rustling of fabric being pulled out of it. After a while, a thick, warm duvet covered him.

"Leo." Rob opened his eyes and raised his head. With a soft smile, he looked at the duvet, then back at Léon. "I appreciate the kindness, but I don't think I'll sleep tonight."

Léon froze in place. He was about to slip under the comforter of what should be Roberto's bed. "Well, it's not tonight anymore. It's three in the morning."

Roberto's tonight

"Already?" Rob stared at him for a moment, then frowned. "What are you doing in my bed?"

Léon brushed his bangs aside. "I decided to cut you some slack tonight. You can sleep in mine, it's a lot more comfortable."

The shadow of a smile covered Rob's lips. He sighed and kicked his shoes off.

"Thank you, Leo." Upon saying those words, his vision blurred, and his eyes burned behind a thin layer of tears. "I'm glad..." he trailed off.

...I'm not alone right now.

...I'm not alone right now. Léon walked back to him. He rested a hand on Rob's shoulder and gently pulled him. "Come here."

Sitting on the sofa, Rob leaned forward until he felt the soft warmth of Léon's abdomen. Roberto's strong arms wrapped around his lean waist, while Léon's hands caressed his hair.

As Rob sobbed, Léon whispered, "Everything's gonna be okay."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. The next day was easier and the next week even more.

Léon and Roberto took turns using the bed and shared a cup of tea and a decaf every night. They'd sit with Kaliandra and little Pietro and share stories about Kali's work at the hospital, Rob's embarrassing experiences at the gym, Léon's new technological obsession, and mainly Pipo's adventures in kindergarten.

mainly When Pipo and Miss Dickens went to bed, and Rob stayed up late with Léon—discussing work or watching thriller shows, trying to guess the murderer—Rob would let his arm resting on top of the sofa backrest. Sometimes, if he was lucky enough, Léon would make popcorn for them, and they'd sit side by side, what meant Léon's warm nape and his silky hair would be brushing against his arm for at least forty minutes.

As the end of April approached, Léon and Rob got closer, and so did the date of their second heist, the attack on the prison. But even if the plan had been carefully revised several times over, Rob was sure something was troubling Léon.

To his surprise, when Rob asked Satina what was wrong, she opened up and told him about the photos on his phone. He grimaced. Instead of an immediate, direct conversation—in a classic Tapir's move—he managed to convince Satina to take Kaliandra and Pipo out for dinner, so he'd have some time alone with Léon.



Talking to him was his plan for that night, as a soft 2010's song came from the sound boxes.

Rob placed napkins beside each plate while Léon took the casserole out of the microwave and walked back to the table. In the wide ovenproof, a boiling lasagna popped lazy bubbles of dark, smelly, synthetic cheese.

"That looks pretty bad," Roberto said.

Léon put the casserole on the table with enough force to make the cutlery jump. "I'm sure it's edible." He huffed, and a lock of his brown hair flew to the side. "If you wanted a gourmet dinner, you shouldn't have refused to go with Amma, Pipo, and Satina. Only Goddess knows how Satina got reservations at The Sea Crab... and if she'll ever get one again."

Rob leaned back in his chair, rapping his fingers on the table. He was torn between keeping his mouth shut or telling Léon he was the one who got it for them. The chef there, a lovely lady named Erica, owed him a few favors, and she was more than happy to repay him with food at the most expensive restaurant in town.

"I'm sure you'll have your chance," Rob said with a cheeky smirk.

Léon cut a slice of lasagna and dropped it on Roberto's plate from a good distance, spilling red sauce all over the white table. He had a miffed expression and furrowed brows—and Roberto couldn't hold back a chuckle.

"You're playing with me," Léon said.

"I'm not, mate." Rob laughed and ran his fingers through his hair, taking a deep breath. "I swear." And it was almost true. Ish. "I just wanted to have you for myself for a while."

almost Léon froze.

"So... so we could chat," Rob completed, clearing his throat. He waited until Léon sat down to continue. "I owe you an explanation, Leo. Several, in fact." While Léon mouthed a bit of lasagna, Rob thrust a hand into his pocket and pulled out his phone. "I know you and Satina poked around my mobile the other day."

Léon's cheeks blushed. "That's ridiculous, we didn't—"

"Satina told me. That's all right." Rob turned the screen around and unlocked the phone, showing Léon his pattern. Then, he placed the phone on the table and pushed it to him. "You can see them anytime you want, no fuss. I'll send it all for you if you want."

Something seemed to click inside Léon. His countenance changed. His eyes darkened, his shoulders slumped, and he finally put his cutlery aside to reach for the phone.

"I was going to tell you, but you seemed so sad about Celena's death and..." he trailed off. Léon rested his chin in a hand, swiping through the photos.

"T'was very kind of you." Rob watched him and something stirred inside his chest. "But... you could've asked, you know."

The anger swung back to Léon's expression. "No, I couldn't. You should've told me. I waited out of respect for your grief, but you should have told me since the very moment I said I had lost my memory."

You Rob's heart beat stronger, louder against his ears. "Yeah. I'll... I'll tell you everything. If you want me to."

Léon raised a pair of hurt eyes to Roberto. " If I want to? Roberto!" Léon huffed. "Of course I want to! Can you imagine how long I doubted if you were even telling the truth? If you had shown me these photos...!"

If I want to? Rob scoffed. "I'm not sure if you remember, but I came here thinking you'd remember me. When you didn't, I decided not to bring any of this up. Satina forced me to when she used her powers on me, back when I joined you."

"So you were hoping you'd never have to tell me anything?"

"Some things are best left forgotten, is all."



Léon's lips trembled. "You can't keep this from me. It's my past, I have the right to know!"

right That hurt more than it should. Léon had no idea why Rob was keeping their past from him. Rob cleaned his lips with his napkin, then bashed it on the table. His voice hardened, the tips of his ears burning. "I just said I'd tell you everything, didn't I?"

Léon paused. He blinked a few times, then raised his chin. His voice was weak and wobbly. "Then tell me ."

tell me Roberto sighed and massaged the bridge of his nose.

"Go on!" Léon speared a small bit of lasagna. "How did we meet?"

"Bloody hell," Rob mumbled. "In a forest, near the south coast of Old Continent. I was being chased by three bloody child-smuggling barbarians. You saved me. I was ten, you were seven. Happy?"

Léon mouthed the lasagna and raised two unimpressed eyes to Roberto. "Tell me what happened."

Rob rolled his eyes. "All right. You used your tigers on them. You took my hand ever so calmly and... and just pulled me to the beach, while I heard the men screaming in the forest." He sighed, scratching his nape. "I was so scared. I couldn't stop crying, so you just... you hugged me. Then you said, I'll help you. But you seriously need to stop crying, or I'll smack your head ." Rob chuckled, shaking his head. "You were so small and yet so... confident. So brave." He locked eyes with Léon. "So heroic."

so I'll help you. But you seriously need to stop crying, or I'll smack your head During that moment of silence, the noise outside reached them. It was the distant sound of heavy traffic, cats, and barking dogs. After a long moment, Léon asked,

"Was this... from the day we met?"

Rob's expression softened. Léon didn't seem as angry as before. He glanced at the photo Léon was staring at and smiled.

"No. This was a week later. I spent a few months sneaking out to play with you." He reached for the phone and swiped through until he found the photo of a massive, inclined rock half on the shore, half in the ocean. "You showed me your favorite spots and told me about the small village you lived in. I told you about my sister and my real parents, you told me about your mother, your cousin, and how much you wanted a brother." His eyes moved to a holoframe on the wall, showing Pipo and Kaliandra. "I s'pose your mum didn't forget about that."

Léon smiled. He thought for a moment and said, "Why would you need to sneak out to see me? Were we like... from rival families or something?" There was a gleam of amusement in his eyes.

"Nothing of the sort," Rob answered with a chuckle.

"Elaborate."

Rob pursed his lips and dragged his chair forward with a grating sound. "All right." He cleared his throat. "I spent quite a long time of my druidic training on the coast of Old Continent. At least two months per year. I got many of my tattoos there." Rob took Léon's hand and placed it on the image of a tall tree with long roots that wrapped his wrist. "This was my first one. I earned it when I survived the forest. With your help." He smiled and spread his hand over Léon's. Something cold turned over inside his stomach.

Instead of pulling his hand, Léon lowered his eyes, cheeks slightly red. "Go on."

"You see... as a kid, all I wanted was to see the ocean, even knowing that beaches were out of the question because of the radiation and what it could cause to our still developing powers. But... I was born in a boat, Leo, in the exact place where the Amazon river meets the ocean. My only real memory of my father is he telling me I would only sleep to the sound of the crashing waves. Still, by the age of ten, I had never seen the Atlantic." He narrowed his eyes and leaned in. "So, one night, I sneaked out of Camp and started to explore the forest, trying to find my way to the beach. But I was young, and it was dark. And... I was quite dense. I got lost. One hour, two, three. I spent four hours walking and crying, trying to find my way home. As you know, druids were always expensive in the black market—and a child druid with a lovely face like mine? Even more."

born four

Léon scoffed, and Rob's smile widened.

"The smugglers certainly heard my crying, for the next thing I knew, I was being chased. And then you showed up, with your Lala and Bobo —that's how you used to call your tigers. You can imagine the rest. What you can't imagine was how I felt when I saw the waves. You stood there, holding my hand the whole time. Then, you walked me home, because your tigers apparently know the way to any place you've seen." He raised his eyebrows. "After that, I begged my sister to help me find you. She did. And... we just kept meeting each other. We grew up together, in a sense."

Lala and Bobo can't Léon chewed on his lower lip. "I wish I could remember all that."

Rob chuckled. His thumb still caressed Léon's hand. "Your turn. What's wrong?" Rob stared at a silent Léon for a moment, then clicked his tongue, pulling his chair even closer. "C'mon, Leo. I thought I had conquered that wall you have around you, even if only a little bit."

Léon lowered his eyes. The dogs outside, a drunk man shouting, and the mute static from Rob's ruptured eardrum filled the silence.

"I'm sorry I snapped at you," Léon finally said. He pulled his hand away. "It was just really frustrating to think you knew so much about me but didn't tell me anything. It's like... you just didn't give a shit about how much I wanted to know about all this." He gestured to his phone, then tucked a lock of hair behind his ear. "About... what happened to... me."

really Léon's cheeks were flushed, and Rob thought maybe he wanted to have said to us instead. Léon's lips were moist, and his eyes lowered in an angle that showed how perfectly bent his thick eyelashes were. His olive skin, his lips, his neck, his heaving chest...

to us Everything about him, coupled with that possible with us made Rob's heart pick up its rhythm.

with us "Why was it so frustrating, Léon?"

Léon looked at him with such intensity Rob felt his face warming up.

"Because it's important to me. I want my damned memories back, and you seem to have a good chunk of them. I want... I want my first kiss back." He sighed, then rubbed his watery eyes with the back of his hand. "I want to remember the first time I helped someone. I want to remember who taught me how to write and who listened to music with me. It's a part of who I am today, and I have no idea!"

Rob slid a thumb from Léon's hand and slowly up to his shoulder. His heart pummeled against its cage. Was he really going to do that?

The tattoo on his chest glimmered, and Roberto took in a deep breath. Léon moved his questioning, watery eyes to Roberto as his hand reached Leo's face.

"What are you doing?"

Rob raised from his chair. Gently, he pulled the other man up.

But... the plan!

But... the plan! It was Léon. Right in front of him. Perhaps it was something about that conversation, and perhaps it was something about Léon's scent, so close and so tempting. Those lips... that body... if he could have him one more time... only one more time!

"I can't imagine what it must be for you."

Rob let out a hot breath drenched in desire. His voice was deeper and huskier.

Fuck the plan.

Fuck the plan. "I can't tell you everything you want to know, but I can show you how your first kiss was." He took a step closer. "It was with me, Leo. You were fifteen and scared about your powers. It was the first day of our last two months together, so I thought I'd cheer you up a bit. We made a silly bet. I won." He lowered his voice. "And my prize was this one thing I've been dreaming about." Rob held Léon's wrist and pulled it up to his shoulder as he took another step forward. He slid his hands down his arm, and his fingers ran the sides of his body, stopping at his waist. "You were my first kiss, too," he whispered against his ear. "Will you let me show you?"

He could feel Léon's body responding. Léon held Rob's nape while he spread a hand on his chest and slowly, cruelly, felt his muscles all the way to the belt loop in his jeans. Léon's heartbeat, warmth, and craving seemed as intense as his own.

cruelly, "Show me, Roberto."

Rob smirked. Then he leaned in.

And kissed him.

Léon's lips were moist and hot; they felt like home, soft and delicious like he remembered. Rob's tongue looked for Léon's, grinding against it while his chest and his waist and his hands and his everything wanted him closer.

delicious everything Shite... he had fantasized about that since that first damned moment he saw Léon on Iara's office. He had desired him, lewd and obedient, waiting for the opportunity only his dreams used to give him. And he tried to avoid that feeling.

tried But he couldn't.

Oh, and... Bloody hell , this was so much better than before. So much better than any dream!

Bloody hell From that point on, the kiss wasn't poetry anymore. Rob's lips slid, hungry, down the corner of Léon's mouth, kissing and licking and sucking down his neck. He chuckled a hot, breathless chuckle against his skin when Léon let out a shaky, low moan that made Rob's muscles tense.

"Come here," Rob grunted. Léon obeyed, pressing himself against Rob until he could feel everything under the thin fabric of his clothes. Finally. His lips lowered even more. One of his hands raised Léon's t-shirt to lick his muscles, while the other pushed its way into Léon's sweatpants, so he could find what he wanted to taste. Finally . Rob stepped back and knelt, thirsty, the tips of his fingers finding the warmth of—

Finally "Wait. Rob," Léon called, holding his shoulder. He stepped back, his face tinted in red. "You're going too fast."

"Oh." Rob widened his eyes. "Oh! Léon, I," he mumbled. Rob cleared his throat and got up, his breathing erratic. "I'm so sorry. That... t-t-that was not how our first kiss went. I was a lot more... I am a lot more..." He breathed in and out, his cheeks now beet-red. "I didn't mean to be disrespectful, Léon. Please accept my apologies."

not am "It's... ok," Léon said.

Rob couldn't read him. He felt ashamed. With a sigh, he sat down. "It's not ok. I took advantage of the situation. I put my own feelings into this, while I should be worried about your past and nothing else."

Léon pushed his t-shirt down and adjusted his sweatpants, raising an eyebrow. "Your feelings?" he asked in a low tone.

Rob stammered a word or two. "T-that's... I mean, I won't deny you're a fit bird. A good... a good person. Villain." He sighed and grimaced. "I'm... sorry."

"Hmm." Léon narrowed his eyes. He bit his lower lip and thought for a while. "I bet you have many more stories to tell." He glanced at the cold lasagna on the table, then back at Roberto, raising his shoulders. "Perhaps over a real dinner, after the prison heist?"

real Rob locked eyes with Léon, confused.

"You're... quite a fit bird yourself, whatever that means," Léon said with a chuckle. "And I want to get to know the real you. What do you say?"

quite a fit bird Roberto grinned. "It's... it's a date! Leave it all to me, I have a place in mind."

***

*** A.N./ Hi, everyone! Thank you so much for reading ♥ Please don't forget to vote!

A.N./ Hi, everyone! Thank you so much for reading ♥ Please don't forget to vote! Well, well, well. It seems Rob and Léon are starting to understand each other, hahaha! But there's a lot to happen to them. >8) What about you? What do you think will happen to them?

Well, well, well. It seems Rob and Léon are starting to understand each other, hahaha! But there's a lot to happen to them. understand >8) What about you? What do you think will happen to them? If you didn't already, today is the last day to try your luck in my art giveaway. 00h today I'll draw two people and draw each of them an exclusive illustration, to celebrate how far this story has come. ♥

If you didn't already, today is the last day to try your luck in my art giveaway. 00h today I'll draw two people and draw each of them an exclusive illustration, to celebrate how far this story has come. ♥ See you all next week. Love you all! ♥

See you all next week. Love you all!





twenty-six: Entering Silverin Heights


— Léon —

— Léon — That night, Léon had a strange dream.

After the part he and Rob shared a steamy ride on the back of a mechanical bull—Léon always had a thing for cowboys and unusual porn—he saw himself in a jungle, wearing nothing but tights and a weird necklace he had never seen in his life.

The forest around him was ancient, with overgrown flowers and trees that were so tall and so dense they almost hid the rich cerulean sky. Léon's heart pummeled against his chest, and even the blood felt thicker in his veins while he walked silent steps in the middle of an equally silent forest. It was a place of power, peace, and tranquility. And it was a place he had visited before; he just couldn't remember when.

He walked a beaten earth path, barefoot and tense until he reached the border of a rapid river. On the other side, Rob waited. A younger, shorter, leaner version of Roberto, with his face darkened by ashes and his eyes reddened by fear. A milky-white tear ran down his face, licked by moonlight.

Léon focused on Rob's eyes and frowned. Why was he crying?

"Léon, please. Wake up!"

"Léon, please. Wake up!" Wake up. He looked around, and his eyes widened. Léon jumped backward as a flaming, massive branch of a Paubrasilia tree fell at his feet. A gush of fire made his hair dance. The soles of his feet ached.

Wake up. The forest wasn't silent anymore. It was not powerful, peaceful, and it definitely wasn't tranquil. Léon choked on the smoke while unknown hands closed around his wrists. They pulled him back, snatched the necklace, and replaced it with a thick rope. They dragged him like an animal—and as much as he tried to ask his tigers for help, he couldn't. Rob's horrified expression was the last thing he remembered.

Léon opened his eyes to find Pipo's gentle smile. Little Pipo touched his face and closed his eyes, making a warm wave of calmness spread over his body. Léon took a deep breath.

"You were crying, Leo," Pipo said. He pouted. "Did you, uh... bad dream?"

Léon's eyes swept the room. Satina and Mary were already there, dressed in black overalls and combat boots. His sight stopped on Roberto, who kept a dreamy smile on his lips while eating a large bowl of rice and beans.

"I can't remember, Pipo," Léon lied. "Something about a forest."

Rob raised his eyes to meet Léon's. He fought back a silly smile, then said, "You need to stop playing those games before bed, mate. The light's not good for your eyes, and the violence's not good for your brain."

"Says the man with super strength as his power," Satina said.

"Says the man who watches I, Werevampire-wolf death machine at least once a week," Léon added.

I, Werevampire-wolf death machine "Says the man with the polar bear socks," Mary added with a wide smile. "They're pretty awesome, by the way."

"Thank you, Mary. Finally one of you noticed it." Roberto mouthed a fork of beans. "And I don't have super strength. The druidic training taught me how to use the power infused in the tattoos, but my power is something else." He looked at Léon. "And that movie is absolute poetry."

Finally my "Yeah, I'll have to agree about the movie, son," Kaliadra said, sipping her coffee.

Léon rolled her eyes. " Et tu, Brutu? "

Et tu, Brutu? Kaliandra chuckled and quoted, "That's not what Rome is about, Léon. We should totally stab Caesar."

totally Something glimmered in Mary's eyes while she turned to Roberto. "What is your power, Deary-Beary? I don't think I ever saw it."



Rob smirked. He leaned over the table and motioned her closer. She, as well as Pipo, rocketed to him, their big eyes even bigger.

"I... won't tell you," he whispered with a smirk.

"Not fair!" Pipo squealed.

"You have to tell us now, Robbie-Bear. You have to!" Mary added.

Léon chuckled, feeling a hot wave swirl in his chest. His eyes met Roberto's, and his smile widened even more.

Kaliandra approached him and sat down at his side. She reached for a hairbrush on the side table and, gently, she pulled Léon, making him sit up. With a soft smile, she started to brush his hair.

His eyelids weighed down. He loved it when people caressed his hair... and he loved his mom.

"I like him, Léon," Kaliandra whispered, only for him to hear. "I really like him."

He followed her gaze and found Roberto, raising Pipo with one arm while holding Mary back with the other. The three of them laughed, loud and exaggeratedly.

"Oi, stop! I'm ticklish. I'm ticklish!" Rob was saying, trying to control his laughter.

"That's it, make him pay!" Satina said from her chair, amused.

"He's adorable," Kaliandra said to her son. "And so handsome," she added in a whisper.

Léon chuckled.

After Kaliandra and Pietro left, the rest of the group waited in silence while Léon changed and geared up. Tension and anxiousness silenced three out of four of them. Mary, slouched on the sofa, hummed some ice cream jingle. Léon and Satina stared at the prison blueprints while Roberto pretended to sleep, sitting down at one corner of the room.

A chime caught their attention. Satina looked at her phone and opened a nervous smile.

"Red and Medusa are ready." She rose from her seat. "We leave in ten."

***

Rumour had it Brash McCockay never thought he'd need a prison in New Continent. Crime, greed, corruption—Brash either assumed they would never thrive in this human-made land or he wanted them to.

wanted The laws in New Continent were always a lot more flexible, the bureaucracy a lot less present, and supervision almost nonexistent. It was a fiscal paradise, so it didn't take long for people to start making wrong decisions.

As Satina always said, though, it was survival of the fittest, masked by smiles and a thick layer of deceit and propaganda... and it wasn't in anyone's plans to break that false image of unity and perfection around New Continent, so the government never officially built a proper prison.

Instead, Silverin Heights was founded as a detention center —and although Léon himself never understood what difference that made, Silverin Heights was definitely something else.

detention center It was dug more than thirty meters underground and thought out specifically for the imprisonment of super-powerful infractors. The first of them, some say, was The Gunslinger himself, when he accidentally killed an innocent while defending the city from a mysterious evil New Continent's authorities could never identify.

defending the city Silverin Heights was built in the middle of a badland, surrounded by—and buried under—layers of rock, dust, and despair. From life support to security, meals, and cleaning, everything was run by the first AI ever programmed in New Continent. Silvia, the cybernetic Warden, made sure everything was always under control.

always

And Satina couldn't stress that enough.

"She is a control freak, please don't forget it. Raising your voice over the accepted parameters can get us all in trouble. Besides that, walls, sensors, gates, everything is made of the cheapest plasmetal Helgach corp ever produced." Satina gnawed at her bottom lip. "One punch, one explosion, one word imbued with our powers, and the whole place collapses over our heads."

please everything word She passed the prison blueprints to Léon, who was sitting at her right. He, Satina, Roberto, Mary, Phillip, and Medusa were inside the same automated vehicle. They spent most of the trip in silence, but as the AV neared the back entrance Rob had found, Satina pulled the maps and lists out of her bag and repeated the sermon Léon had already memorized.

They crossed under a sign that read, "You're entering a restricted area, please turn back."

"Everyone ready?" Satina asked.

"Yes," they all answered in unison.

A second sign appeared. "This perimeter is protected. Laser shielding ahead."

Satina scooted over to the front seat and took a deep breath. "Okay. Heist commencing." Her hand hovered the manual driving switch, while the others unfastened their seatbelts.

manual driving Mary thrust her hands into her bag. When she took them out, she had three golden marbles between the fingers of both of her hands.

A third sign. "Laser shielding in two hundred meters. Danger."

"Now!" Satina said. She pressed the button and slid the velocity on the control panel to the maximum.

"This is going to work... right, Fait?" Rob asked.

is Mary chuckled. "We'll soon discover, Deary-Beary. We'll soon discover."

There wasn't enough time to continue the conversation.

Mary hurled the six marbles all around them. "Encase," she whispered as the marbles burst into clouds of golden smoke. While the dust condensed into a thin layer around them, they reached the laser shielding.

Léon's eyes were covered with gold, and his sight darkened. In max velocity, the AV hit the shielding, and everything around Léon quaked. A loud, metallic, scraping sound pierced his ears, and he, like the others, shouted. He wanted to cover his ears and protect them from the noise, but his hands were busy looking for support on the slippery golden surface.

"Bloody fuck, the noise!" Rob shouted.

Léon felt like he was inside a soup can. A boiling-hot, giant soup can that was being crushed by a forcefield.

giant Then, it all stopped.

When the golden layer finally broke, Léon staggered outside, coughing and panting, trying to breathe. He fell on his wobbly knees and spread his shaky hands on the scorched ground to keep from falling face first. At his back, whatever was left of the AV now lay in shambles, spitting sparks and flames into the sky.

Léon raised his eyes to the wavy, semi-transparent wall they had just crossed and took a deep breath.

At least they made it out alive.

"Holy shit, we survived!" Satina said in a breathless voice.

Phillip chuckled, laughed, then guffawed, letting his body drop on the floor. "Damn, baldie. You're really something, aren't you?"

"I can't say I'm impressed with my own performance," Mary answered with a smug expression.

"Well, I am," Medusa cooed, stretching a hand to pat her shoulder.

"Warp!" came Rob's voice. He closed a big, gentle hand on his shoulder, then pulled him up. "Are you hurt?"

Léon mumbled something, still trying to regain his balance. He raised his eyes to meet Rob's and tried on a smile—but before he could say anything else, something shifted in the earth under him. Léon felt the movement and saw the horror in Rob's eyes before he could understand what was happening. He looked down as a black fissure opened on the floor below his feet. With a long rasp and a clack, the metallic panels disguised under the sand dropped open.

It was so sudden, the group had no other reaction if not scream as they fell through the hole on the floor.

***

*** AN/ Thank you so much for reading! Please don't forget to vote if you enjoyed this chapter.

AN/ Thank you so much for reading! Please don't forget to vote if you enjoyed this chapter. What do you think will happen next? And, even more important, what do you think about polar bear socks? XD jkvbnkxdfuhb

What do you think will happen next? And, even more important, what do you think about polar bear socks? XD jkvbnkxdfuhb This chapter is dedicated to awpatootie Thank you for reading each week and for all your votes! ♥ ♥ ♥

This chapter is dedicated to awpatootie Thank you for reading each week and for all your votes! ♥ awpatootie ♥ ♥





twenty-seven: (hopefully) Surviving (Part I)


— Rob —

— Rob — — Rob — Léon's body pressed against his as they fell. Léon hid his face against Rob's chest, making a bubbly warmth stir inside him.

It was heaven.

They crossed thin layers of air—or whatever that was—that slowed their fall, but not enough. Rob wrapped his arms around Léon, holding him stronger. His warmth, his scent, his touch. For a moment, everything was fine.

that Until they hit something.

With a loud thud and a crash, the group fell through a reinforced plasmetallic table that couldn't resist the impact of their combined weight.

It was hell.

Different than the others, Rob fell in an angle that put his left arm and one of the plasmetal legs of the table in a perpendicular trajectory—and when the tabletop broke, part of the cracked metal of the leg pierced through. At first, he couldn't feel anything.

The others raised to their feet while specks of sand were wafted to the corners of the room.

"Fait? Warp? You ok?" Satina asked. "Everyone ok?"

"I'm always sweet, B," Mary answered.

"We're good too," Medusa said, glancing at Phillip. "But this was not part of the plan, was it? What was that? And where are we?"

not The room was dark grey, moss-green, and yellow, built with cracked sheets of plasmetal. Néon lights sat atop the metallic baseboards along the walls, spitting a dim orangish luminosity in the place, while big metallic fans whirred on the corners of the room.

Satina took a deep breath. "According to our sources, Silverin Heights get their supplies—boxes of nutritional pastes, clothes, everything they need—dropped from airplanes and into that shielded area we just landed in. Then, the food should be transported through a hidden elevator that should be easy to find, according to our Bear here." She raised a hand to show him. "No security. That's what he said, what our secondary sources said, and what showed up in the blueprints."

landed should should She massaged her behind, grimacing. "But I guess they're all wrong, huh? And look at that." Satina pointer at the fans on the walls. "That is our air duct. We can't use it to move around anymore. One step through that thing and we get sliced to pieces."

Phillip scoffed. "You thought this was going to be that easy?"

"No, Red. I just didn't think we'd fall through Wonderland's anus and into this shithole. "

shithole. Léon held Rob's hand and pulled to help him up. The movement made something weird hook the flash in his arm, and white stains cover his sight. The pain punched through the numbness, making him wince as the cold feeling rippled from his shoulder.

"Bloody...! Aaargh—!" he shouted.

Léon jumped up and muffled the sound with his hands. His eyes were widened, his lips quivering. Bending over him, Léon whispered, "I know it hurts. But we need to be silent, Bear. Please."

A tear formed in the corner of Rob's eye. "Something... in my arm," he said against Léon's palm.

"I know." Léon grimaced. "I can see it."

"Oh, shit," Satina whispered. "Shit! Get him up, Warp. Change to plan D—find a place for us to hide and start treatment. Now!"

Rob blinked an annoying tear away. He had lived through worse; that kind of pain was bearable. He could do this.



Phillip took a deep breath. "Hold on." He unsheathed one of his daggers and infused it with his shadow trace, covering it with red, pulsating veins. "Let me cut... the excess."

As Léon held Roberto's face to the side, brushing a gentle thumb on his cheek, Phillip cut something . He threw it aside, and that something made a loud, metallic sound as it ricocheted on the floor.

something Léon glared at him. "Hush, Red."

Rob felt the others pulling him up and the gentle pressure of Léon's hand at his back. They walked a few meters in a rusty but clean corridor, then passed through automatic doors to enter a small room filled with monitors and rehydrator machines. On the wall, another fan whirred, closing the entrance to an air duct.

Satina looked around and narrowed her eyes. "This place is a lot smaller than I thought. We're in the kitchen." She pointed at one specific screen, showing the prisoners' names and symbols representing food restrictions. "I thought I'd see real food in here."

food "Not even the people in New Continent have real food, darling. You're expecting too much from a prison," Medusa said. "But they do have nutritional pastes... even lactose-free cheese paste, look at that!"

do Léon grunted. "Admire it later. Fait, I need that medkit."

"Aye, aye, Captain!" Mary smiled and fished the medkit from her golden backpack. First, she took a golden nécessaire with a white cross on top and handed it to Léon. Then, she pulled a golden twig.

Rob closed his eyes. He didn't want to think about what Léon was about to do. Satina turned Rob to the side while Medusa and Phillip helped to hold him. Mary, her smile unchanged, knelt at his side, placed her bag beside her, and gently put the golden twig between Rob's teeth.

"Bit down if it hurts, Deary-Beary. But remember... not a peep!"

Rob opened his eyes to offer her a thankful gaze, but they widened instead. His breath quickened; he grunted. His blurry reflex on Mary's golden backpack showed the long, hollow piece of plasmetal pierced through his arm. He grew restless.

"Be quick, Warp." Phillip tightened his hold. "I don't know if we can hold him for long!"

"Right," Léon answered.

Rob felt his own flesh moving around a strange, cold surface inside his biceps. His muscles tensed, and he grunted as the pain increased. Small, wet, disgusting sounds reached his ears as the metal started to come out.

disgusting "Warp... you're shaking. You'll take forever if—" Phillip groaned, never finishing that sentence. He gritted his teeth, muttering a long line of swearing, and then got up. "Step away and don't look . I'll do it."

don't look It was quick. And painful. And Rob bit down so hard the golden twig broke.

***

Time passed while Léon did his best to bandage Rob's wound. He certainly didn't have Kaliandra's experience as a nurse, nor any kind of analgesic.

Outside, prisoners came and went, talking in whispers about real food and distant dreams of freedom. Inside, for the past hour, Satina, Mary, and Medusa studied a golden version of the prison blueprint while Phillip paced around, sometimes glancing back towards Rob and Léon.

From a place Rob didn't know existed in his heart, a devilish satisfaction came. He took pleasure in seeing Phillip that restless, and he felt good knowing he was the reason for that.

good "Are you sure we're safe here, darling?" Medusa asked, looking at Satina.

"For the next three hours, yeah." Satina raised her eyes to the screen on the wall, that changed from the prisoners' names to a clock. "According to your guy, Fred, dinner is served at six, and this place gets packed with people. We can't let anyone see us. If they do, the Warden will know we're here. And then, we'll never get out."

anyone

Medusa cleared her throat. "Well, wouldn't be best if we searched for a way out, then? Abort the mission. Fred can live here for a few more days until we try again." She checked her reflection on a metallic surface and tapped a finger on her thin lips. "The plan we spent weeks on was ruined in a split second, anyway. I don't see what we can do now, quite honestly."

weeks Rob puffed up his chest and straightened his posture. "I can keep going. Don't worry about me."

"Oh, I don't," Medusa drawled. "I'm worried about me . Your arm will be completely useless from now on. You're supposed to be our muscle—now you're nothing but dead weight."

me Rob's cheeks burned.

"This is a disaster," Phillip mumbled, running his fingers through his hair. He stopped in his tracks and turned around to face Medusa. "We should be out there , looking for Fred." After a moment, he turned to Satina. "Let Bear stay; we can follow the original plan on our own."

out there "What? No, we can't just leave him." Léon frowned when none of them said a thing. "B! We can't just leave him!" he repeated.

No, She looked at Léon and pursed her lips. He raised his eyebrows.

"Bureau?" Léon tried again.

Finally, she clicked her tongue.

"Okay. Warp's right." She took a deep breath as Léon gave her a thankful smile. Satina continued, "I'm just being cautious. If we leave him here, Silvia will find him. The moment she does, she'll run scans to see if there are other intruders. We can't take that risk." Satina locked eyes with Phillip. "But we can't stay put and wait, either. What's on your mind?"

Phillip had a smug expression on his face. He walked to the women, sitting down between Medusa and Satina. "We have two objectives here. You want Silvia's core drive—its brain —and we want to find Fred. Right?"

brain Satina nodded. Roberto wanted something else, though, but nobody knew that.

Phillip continued, "And originally, we were going to do whatever you did in the Hero's Retreat, right? Use the air ducts, unlock the doors with your hacking skills, or whatever, then invade the place. Right?"

"Yes, but we can't do that anymore. And the fans in the air ducts add yet another layer of shit in all this," Satina said.

"Well, I'm hearing people outside," Phillip continued.

"Prisoners," Satina said with a grim expression. "Silvia doesn't keep them locked. This place works based on constant fear—if they cause any problem, Silvia just shuts down life support in the room and leaves them all to suffocate."

"But they're free to walk around the place, why the bloody hell don't they try to escape?" Rob asked.

Satina groaned in impatience. "'Cause it's madness to try, I already told you. This place is like a cardboard box kilometers under the surface. A strong kick in a wall makes it all come crumbling down."

Phillip cleared his throat. At first, he seemed affected by Satina's words, but in the next moment, the old resolve flooded his eyes again. "I don't care. We still have to rescue Fred." He looked at Satina. "Let's split up. Medusa, Warp and I can go look for Fred, and the rest of you can—"

"Why would you need Warp with you?" Mary asked with a chuckle.

"Lovely question, Parfait. I was about to ask the same thing," Rob said, crossing his arms as well as he could. When Phillip furrowed his brows and muttered a pretext or two, Rob felt that satisfaction again. He smirked and said, "I mean, if Warp wants to go with you, it's another story."

wants

Léon frowned and gave him a questioning gaze.

Phillip raised to his feet and crossed the room to stop in front of Roberto. Rob, with the same smirk on his lips, got up.

"Want to say anything, mate?" Rob asked.

Phillip faked a sweet smile. "It's really nothing, partner. It just seems your arm's all fucked up. Want me to do the same with your other one? Or with your face? " His words echoed inside the kitchen, along with the sound of his daggers being unsheathed. "All it takes is a heartbeat. I promise."

your face? Roberto opened a grin. "Thanks, mate, but I don't think you could if you tried."

Léon got up as well. He whispered, only for Rob and Phillip to hear, "I swear to Goddess. If you two don't stop, I'll have Bonee and Lampee eat your heads."

"Enough with the stupidity!" Satina interrupted, rubbing her temples. She took a deep breath. "It's a good idea, Red. But we won't split up. We'll need everyone here to escape."

everyone Medusa smiled. "And how do you propose we do that, Darling? Our original plan was to escape through the same... elevator we took to go down."

elevator Satina scratched her head. "I don't know. Yet. But I'll think about something."

"Oh, B," Mary said with a chuckle. "I hope you think pretty fast because... look!" She pointed at the screen.

On it, the numbers in the clock changed. Slow at first, second by second. Then, it sped up, making it impossible to read what was written on it.

"What the hell is happening?" Satina asked in a whisper.

"I think it's getting late," Mary answered.

When the clock stopped, the screen showed eighteen hundred hours.

Goosebumps crawled up Rob's back.

Phillip frowned. "Wait. Is it...?"

The screen changed again to show the words Dinner Time.

Dinner Time. "Stinky Fuck!" Satina said, scrambling on her feet. "We need to get out. Quick!"

The energy in the room was turned off with a loud clack. Outside, incredulous voices gathered around the door. I can't believe we'll be the first ones today. Tell me about luck!

I can't believe we'll be the first ones today. Tell me about luck! "Hide!" Satina rushed to a narrow side door that led to an equally narrow corridor, followed by Mary and Medusa.

The words on the screen read Doors opening in three...

Doors opening in three... Léon helped Rob up. They wouldn't have time to cross the room and follow Satina and the others. Léon jerked a thumb towards the wall beside them. With the energy inside turned off, the fan blocking the air duct was coming to a stop. Phillip stared at the screen in shock. His eyes jumped from Medusa to Léon.

Two...

Two... "Shite, shite, shite," Rob muttered, trudging for the vent with Léon's help. He passed through the space between the metallic blades and pulled Léon against his chest, helping him in.

Safe. They were safe.

Léon pushed him back. "Red... RED!" he shouted.

One...

One... Phillip furrowed his brows and started towards Léon. He gave two large steps, then jumped as the numbers clacked to zero. Phillip forced his eyes shut as he activated his shadow trace and was enveloped by a fuming black fog.

The doors opened, and a small crowd barged in. As the fan re-started, the blades sliced through the end of Phillip's shadow. The cut fog slowed down a bit, then found its way inside the air vent.

When the fog was whole again, Phillip broke the effect and curled up to feel his legs, panting. He was pale, sweaty, trembly.

"Holy hedgehog," Rob mumbled. "That was intense."

"Are you ok?" Léon asked in a whisper.

Phillip crawled on all fours and fell beside Rob and Léon. Instead of answering, he bobbed his head. Then, after a long moment of silence, Phillip raised his upper body and moved his eyes towards the throng of people getting their food.

"I think we're trapped now."

A.N. Thank you sooo much for reading! Please don't forget to vote ♥

A.N. Thank you sooo much for reading! Please don't forget to vote ♥ Whoa. Things seem to be getting worse for our heroes... I mean, villains! Do you think they'll get out of there in one piece?

Whoa. Things seem to be getting worse for our heroes... I mean, villains! Do you think they'll get out of there in one piece? We'll have a new chapter still this week, so keep tuned! 8)

We'll have a new chapter still this week, so keep tuned! 8)





twenty-eight: (hopefully) Surviving (Part II)


— Rob —

— Rob — — Rob — "Don't try to pin this on me, mate. I'm not responsible for whatever glitch happened back there," Rob barked. "Silvia's an AI for heaven's sake. What if she has movement sensors? Heat sensors?"

Phillip's silvery tongue was dipped in venom. "Well, champ, if it has anything like it, we're screwed. If you had studied this fucking place better—"

it "Can't you two just shut up ?" Léon interrupted. Beads of sweat rolled down his temples. "I can't stand this bickering anymore."

shut up "Sorry, heart," Phillip said.

Rob clicked his tongue. "Oi. Don't call him that."

"I can speak for myself, Grizzly Bear," Léon said.

Phillip turned around to offer a smirk to Roberto.

Léon completed, looking at Phillip, "And don't call me that ."

don't call me that It was Rob's time to smirk.

The trio was crawling through the spacious air duct, one behind the other. The cold of the plasmetallic surface and the friction against the sand and dust encrusted on it started to flay Rob's palms. As they put distance between them and the air duct entrance, the mechanical whirr of fans replaced the sound of the conversation in the kitchen.

"What now?" Phillip asked. He was going first as the self-declared leader of the group.

"Bureau said we should stick together, so we should find the others," Léon answered, following him. "This air duct we're in is connected with the south wing, while the corridor in the kitchen goes east. If I know her well, she'll find a way to meet with us."

Phillip frowned and kept in silence for a moment. Then he stopped and looked over his shoulder to Léon. "Isn't the entrance to cell block C near the eastward?"

"Yes." León stopped in his tracks and locked eyes with Phillip, giving him a soft smile. "And this air duct will take us right to it! Nice job, Red."

"Thanks, Warp. Try not to stare too much at my butt while you think how good it is that I'm here, okay?"

Rob rolled his eyes.

***

When Roberto was eighteen, Antônio caught him stealing.

It was something innocent, he thought. Real bread made with organic wheat, cow's milk, and eggs laid by a living hen—and not recreated in a laboratory. It was a luxury few could afford, and Rob wanted to give it to Léon and show him how good real food could be. None of the recruits were allowed inside the kitchen after closing hours, so Rob had to force the lock and shove an entire loaf of bread in his backpack before rocketing to the exit, hoping he didn't set off any alarms.

Once he left the kitchen, though, he noticed the silent sirens were shining bright against the night sky, and the first security squad was almost reaching him.

After a long hour, Roberto managed to escape the adults, but Toni was always smarter, more cunning, and faster than any adult or teenager in there, even if he was only twenty-one at the time. As Rob rushed for the forest, enveloped in darkness, Toni cocked his twin revolvers. The metallic sound echoed through the trees, forcing Roberto to stop in his tracks.

Rob always froze to that sound. He was terrified of it.

always With a grim smile, Toni gave him a choice. No more stealing, no more sneaking out, no more lies. If he accepted it, Toni would keep his mouth shut about Rob's adventures out of the training grounds and would help him improve his abilities. Roberto would be as good as Toni was—and Toni was the best .

best

But... if Rob refused it, he'd be confined to the brig, hated by his fellows, and possibly kicked out of the training program. Forever. After all, in a land so massacred by famine and ruin, thieves would not be tolerated.

not With tense shoulders and dark, teary eyes, Rob let his backpack fall on the floor. He had to choose between having everything he wanted, minus Léon... or the contrary.

He raised his hands over his head, shut his mouth, and dropped on his knees, as Toni had ordered.

Seven years later, there he was, invading a prison and about to steal again...

But it wouldn't be for Léon this time. This time, it was for Rafa.

Rob focused his eyes on the present, leaving the past to his unconscious self. He was welcomed by Léon's behind, but not even that delicious sight was capable of putting a smile on his lips. As they crawled ahead, the air ducts narrowed, becoming hotter by the second.

"Let's... let's stop for a minute," Léon ordered.

He was panting, his cheeks red and covered with a humid layer that glued thin strands of hair to his skin. Sweat rolled down the side of his neck and lost itself in the thick turtleneck of his uniform. He crouched and spun on his heels; with some difficulty, he managed to rest his back against the plasmetal walls.

"The closer we get to the cell blocks, the hotter it becomes inside this shit!" Léon batted a hand against the plasmetal. The sound echoed inside the duct.

"We can't lose much time, Warp," Phillip said. His sandy-blond hair seemed gelled backward, but Rob knew that was just the effect of the temperature inside the air ducts. "You have five minutes and nothing else. I'll scout ahead, follow me when you're ready."

When Phillip turned his back to them, Léon raised a middle finger at him, mouthing a silent fuck you.

fuck you. Rob chuckled. He stared at Phillip's back and waited until he was out of earshot. He then turned to Léon and raised a hand to brush the thin hairs off of his face. Instead of letting him, Léon gripped Rob's wrist and twisted it, forcing Roberto to double over with an expression of pain.

"My arm," Rob muttered under his breath. The loud sound of the fans covered his words.

"I'm mad at you. Stop trying to provoke him." Léon glanced at the direction Phillip followed, then back at Roberto.

"Leo... my bloody arm!"

"I'm serious, Roberto. There's no space for childish jealousy in whatever this is." He wiggled a finger between the two of them. "I don't know what you're thinking, but I will not be anyone's property, ever again. Got it?"

not "It's nothing like that," Rob said.

Léon let his wrist go. He furrowed his eyebrows and pulled his knees closer. "Then tell me what it is, 'cause I'm lost."

Rob didn't know either. He lowered his eyes as he sat down and crossed his legs.

"I saw how the bloke treats you. From day one, he says nothing but rubbish to you. I just... I wanted him to suffer a little, is all. 'Cause... he's clearly still interested in you."

clearly Léon narrowed his gaze, studying Rob's face. Without a word, he bent forward and gently took his arm, checking the blood-stained and dirty bandages around it. They were loosening already. Obeying Léon's silent request, Rob scooped to the side, nestling against his legs and sliding his wounded arm between them.

"I don't care if he's interested. I'm not." Léon sighed and rubbed his face with both hands. "Seriously, Rob, you... you don't need to do that. You don't need to be..." he thought for a moment, moving his eyes skyward. With a smile, he completed, "You don't need to be my hero . I mean, we don't even have anything. We kissed. Once." He stopped, staring at the tips of his boots. His voice was small and uncertain when he said, "And I don't even know what that kiss meant to you."

my hero have

Léon should be pretty dense to this relationship thing, Rob thought with an impressed smile on his lips. He pointed an index finger to the loose knot in his bandages. Léon huffed and untied it, gently pulling the stripes again.

Like a big, hurt bear, Rob lowered his head while Léon fixed the bandages on his arm. He supported his chin on the other man's knee and hugged his leg, brushing a thumb on Léon's thigh in an absent caress.

Perhaps he could just forget everything. Toni, his sister, Celena, everyone...

They were all dead, anyway. What good would it make to keep following his plan?

He closed his eyes and took in a deep breath. Maybe he deserved some peace of mind, after all; maybe he deserved him this time. If he didn't leave... if he didn't abandon Léon, as he had done seven years ago...

deserved Bloody hell, Léon made him feel so good .

so good His eyes itched.

"C'mon, Bear," Léon whispered in a soothing tone. "We still have a mission to finish."

Eyes closed, Rob felt the gentle caress of Léon's fingers on his temple, then slowly down his neck. Cold ripples of pleasure spread to his chest and beyond. He took in another sharp breath.

"Hey... Leo?" Rob raised his head and locked eyes with him. "I care about you, mate. I really do. That's what..." he cleared his throat and strengthened his voice. "That's what that kiss meant. So... I'm... I'm sorry."

Léon gave him a suggestive smile. He bent down to press a warm, tempting kiss on the corner of Rob's lips. Rob tried to turn and capture those luscious lips between his, but Léon was faster, straightening his back.

Rob's pout made Léon chuckle. The latter ran a hand through his hair, pushing his bangs back with an incredulous expression. "We'll have time to ourselves when this is over, Bear. Just stop pushing Red's buttons. We need him to get out of here."

***

The trio reached a new fan after another hour of crawling through the air ducts. The place felt hotter than ever before, dimly lit by the orangish light coming from behind the spinning blades before them.

"Bloody hell, this damned plasmetal is starting to burn my hands," Rob said.

"Plasmetal is a piece of shit invented by an even greater piece of shit," Phillip said. He peered between the spinning blades of the fan, then nodded. "I think this is our stop."

"Where are we?" Rob asked.

"In the furnace room for block cell C." Léon took a deep breath. "We have to find a way to stop this fan."

Rob turned to Phillip and jerked his chin at the spinning blades. "Can't you turn into smoke and pass through, as you did before?"

Without turning back, Phillip slid his fingers over the plasmetal ring around the fan. "I could, but... feel this?" he spread a hand in front of the fan. "This is an exhauster fan. If some of my smoke were to stay behind, I could break the effect and show up with just half of my body or without a few organs." Phillip pulled back and smeared an orangish something between his fingers. "Usually, I just cover myself with shadow to blend in the darkness." He sniffed the tips of his fingers and narrowed his eyes.

Rob nodded. That would explain Phillip's agony after passing through the fan a while back. "Well, we just have to think about something else, then."

Phillip grimaced. " Yeah, well. I don't think I want to wait 'till you lovebirds have a new plan in mind." His voice was bitter. He grunted, sliding back towards Léon and Rob. Phillip turned around and supported his weight on his elbows. He hovered one of his over the center of the fan and took a deep breath.

Yeah, Léon raised his eyebrows. "Red, you can't be thinking of—"

Before he could complete the sentence, Phillip kicked the center of the fan once, then twice, making it pop from the plasmetallic ring and fall on the ground below with a loud noise.

With a smug expression, Phillip turned to a stunned Léon. "It was all rusted already, it just needed a push."

"Bloody hell," Rob said. "The bloke has no sense of danger whatsoever."

"Says the hero who waltzed inside a supervillain hideout." Phillip slipped off the air duct and into the furnace room as Léon turned around to look at Roberto.

"At least we'll leave these ducts," Léon said, shrugging.

Rob sighed. "I just want you to be in one piece when this ends," Rob said, shaking his head. The corner of his lips quirked up in a smirk. "There's a lot on you I want to kiss."

Léon bit his lower lip, fighting a smile.

***

*** A bit late, but here's the chapter I promised you! ♥

A bit late, but here's the chapter I promised you! Thank you so much for reading. If you enjoyed the chapter, please don't forget to vote. And I hope you liked all the banter in this chapter, cause we'll have a lot of action on the next one. >8)

Thank you so much for reading. If you enjoyed the chapter, please don't forget to vote. And I hope you liked all the banter in this chapter, cause we'll have a lot of action on the next one. >8) Here's a little something for you... Rob and Léon's different hairstyles. Which one do you think looks better on them?

Here's a little something for you... Rob and Léon's different hairstyles. Which one do you think looks better on them?

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





twenty-nine: a machine


— Léon —

— Léon — Léon There were still butterflies in his stomach when Léon got up, running a confused gaze around the room. He stared at the humming, big machine in front of him and frowned. "I was expecting an actual furnace."

Instead, a tubular glass pipe of at least one meter in diameter awaited, covered by rusty wires, plugs, and smaller tubes that hung from the ceiling as lianas from trees. The main tube connected the ceiling and floor and seemed to be drilled into the ground, carrying the dark, purple-red iridescent liquid to the prison's depths. From the plasmetallic rings around the tube, thick trails of the fluid ran across the glass, forming dense, glossy pools that drained into small holes in the ground.

Rob frowned and took a step forward, a stretched hand ready to touch the liquid. Before he could, Léon gripped his wrist.

"Don't," he said in a grave tone. "It's raw life force, there's no way of knowing what it'll do to you."

Rob's eyes widened. "Is it... like the farm?" His expression hardened. "In here? What is it doing here?" He let out a breathless gasp. "Don't tell me—"

"You guessed right. The prisoners' life force powers everything inside." Phillip gestured towards the machine and paced around the room. "But this shit's pretty small for the whole place. There must be others elsewhere."

everything "Bloody hell," Rob muttered.

"Yep." Phillip narrowed his eyes and crouched to check a small wire box beside a closed locker. "The Mayor said it'd help to neutralize criminals. It'd make them more affable. More... prone to rehabilitation. " He peered over his shoulder to look at Roberto and gave him a ghastly smile. "Didn't work for me."

neutralize prone to rehabilitation. "Let's just go," Léon whispered.

Phillip nodded and got up, walking towards the only door in the room.

Before Léon could do the same, Rob turned to face him. Something dark and violent glimmered in his eyes and made a cold shiver crawl up his spine.

"What's wrong?" Léon asked.

"What's wrong?" Rob echoed. His eyes wandered to the side, glaring at the machine. At times, the liana-like tubes would shake, pumping more life-force into the main pipe. "Look at that shite. Really look at it." He took in a deep breath. "What's not wrong? This place was supposed to rehabilitate people. To prepare them to go back to society as proper citizens, but instead, we're stripping them of their souls! "

not souls! " We are not doing it, it's those in power who—"

We "We're responsible too," he snapped back. Rob staggered a step and clutched at his chest. "I... was hoping Satina had lied to me about The Mayor using those monstrosities." His hold tightened. "I didn't want to believe it."

Léon sighed. No matter how practical he was, it hurt to see Rob that way. "The Mayor's a person. He has a good side, a bad side, and a hidden side none of us will ever see. We all have." He pulled him a step closer and rested a hand on top of his. "Truth hurts, but you can't ignore it forever."

hurt Rob raised his eyes to meet Léon's. There was pure ire in them. "I know that. But he made us give our lives for this ." He gestured towards the machine. "I trusted him. And there are still so many who..." Rob trailed off. His face grew darker.

know this trusted so many What the hell should he answer to that ? Rob had never been so open about his days in the League—or about anything other than Léon's past. Léon didn't know what had happened between Rob and The Mayor; he hadn't heard about Rob's aspirations for the future nor about his family. Parents, aunts, cousins... did Rob even have any?

that anything

Léon opened his lips to answer, but a voice interrupted him.

"Guys?" Phillip called. "The conversation about The Mayor is fascinating and all, but I think we have a problem here." He was standing in front of the automatic door they should use to leave the room. Phillip clawed at the plasmetallic door, trying to pry it open. "Shit won't budge, and I can't find the manual override."

"Maybe it's just stuck. Let me see." Léon strode to him and spread his hands on the plasmetallic doors. "Before I did that reno at home, the entry door would act weird every once in a while." He supported his shoulder beside the door and pushed it, groaning. "It seems to be stuck. Maybe if—"

"Fuck, Warp... get the hell out of my way!" Phillip shouted, pushing him aside.

Léon glowered at him. "Hey, what was that for?"

"Look behind you, dammit!"

When he did, Léon's blood drained from his face. "Oh, no."

In front of him, the raw life-force that pooled around the glass tube spread slowly towards them. It had already taken a good part of the small room, including the floor under the air duct entrance.

"Did the drain... clog?" Léon asked, his voice small and frail.

"Looks like it. Careful." Phillip took a few steps backward and rushed against the door, bashing his shoulder against it. "Open... you... damned... piece... of shit!" he shouted, pummeling against it, again and again.

"That's not all," Rob said in a deep voice. His eyes were set on the air duct entry. Without the metallic ring and the fan holding it in place, the once-circular hole on the wall was slowly starting to bend under the prison's weight.

"That's why Bureau insisted so much on not breaking things here, Red!" Léon shouted. "Now what?"

Thin, web-like cracks ran from the bent duct entrance and towards the ceiling. The delicate structure gave in no more than one centimeter or two—but it was enough to put tremendous pressure on the life-force tube.

The sound of cracking glass filled the room.

"Holy hedgehog," Rob mumbled. He staggered, and his back hit the wall beside the entrance.

"Quick, Red!" Léon said.

"I'm fucking trying to!" Phillip barked. He stepped back and tried a kick.

With a quick movement, Léon summoned the horizontal curtain over his hands. "B will kill us when she learns we used our powers," he said, pulling the curtain to reveal his battle staff.

"We either die to her wrath or to this purple vomit. You choose," Phillip said, trying to push the door open.

Léon thrust the tip of his staff against the door, trying to find even the smallest of gaps. As he pushed, he turned to Phillip. "When I crack it open, I want you to become that shadow smoke and get out. Find the others, complete the mission, then—"

"Shut up, Warp," Phillip barked. His eyes lingered on Léon's for a moment before he opened a smirk. "It'll be a cold day in hell before I leave you to your death," he whispered.

Rob pushed himself from the wall and stomped his way to them. "I'll make sure you won't need to." He shoved both men aside.

The liquid was inching closer and faster at each second as new trails of raw life-force escaped from the cracked glass. Rob spread his right hand on the door, closed his eyes, and twisted his face in anger.

"Stay as far as you can," he growled, activating two sets of tattoos on his arms and one at his face. The tattoos on his left arm flicked on and off like a faulty lightbulb, so Rob lowered his head even more, biting down his lower lip. "C'mon... c'mon...!"



He breathed in longer and deeper than humanly possible and finally managed to lit up the tattoos on his left arm. The bloodstain on the bandages grew, and a thin trail of blood escaped down his arm, but he didn't seem to mind. Rob groaned and skittered forward, thrusting both of his fists against the door.

The plasmetal was thicker there, maybe to protect the Life-force machine from the prisoners—or the opposite—but it bent and flew across the corridor as if it was a thin sheet of tinfoil.

Rob fell on his knees, drained and pale, blood dripping from his arm and nose. Léon and Phillip jumped over him and ignored the surprised faces of nearby prisoners as they pulled Rob to his feet.

"Stay back. Everyone stay back!" Léon shouted. "There's a tank of raw life force in there, and it'll break at any—"

A loud, metallic wail echoed in the corridor, and the glass tank shattered. A wave of raw life force pushed against the opened door. Phillip pushed Léon and Rob aside and stepped in front of them, shielding them against the liquid with his own body.

Phillip had his eyes shut as Rob widened his. Between the two of them, Léon stood still, his heart pummeling against his ribcage. The three were so close their breaths mixed.

When the metallic wails stopped, Phillip opened his eyes. "I think we survived." He was breathless and pale.

"I think we did." Léon looked around to find a translucent golden globe protecting the three of them. As the layer of raw life force ran to the floor, clearing their sight, they saw Mary outside, watching them from a good distance with a grin on her lips. Beside her, Satina and Medusa stood proud.

"Never felt so happy to see that bald-headed nutty," Phillip muttered under his breath.

Léon smiled, then chuckled. Maybe out of nervousness, he was soon sharing a good laugh with Rob and Phillip. The latter doubled over and sat on the golden surface of the orb, trembling. Phillip thrust his fingers in his hair and took in a deep breath.

"That was a brave move, mate," Rob said in a low voice. He offered Phillip a hand and a small smile that warmed up Léon's heart.

"Screw you," Phillip answered, furrowing his brows. Still, with a curl on the corner of his lips, he gripped Rob's hand.

***

Léon, Rob, and Phillip waited as Mary thrust her little hands into her bag, pulling out handfuls of golden dust. Instead of what she usually did, manipulating her dust to create anything she wanted, Mary threw the golden powder over the liquid and watched as it consumed the pools of Life-force, transforming them into solid plates of gold.

"Look how happy she is!" Mary set a tender gaze on the plates. "She was so hungry! Weren't you, Suzie?" she whispered, patting one of the plates.

so A shiver crawled up Léon's back. It was always creepy to see Mary feeding her dead friends.

Rob bent over Léon's shoulder to ask, "Who is Suzie?"

"You don't wanna know, partner," Phillip answered in his place, his face twisted into a grimace.

As soon as Léon felt safe enough, he jumped over one last pool of life force and ran to Satina and Mary. The first received him with a tight hug.

"I was worried," Satina said. "But I knew you'd try to regroup."

"Of course." Like an older brother, Léon narrowed his gaze and ran his eyes over the woman, looking for wounds. Once he was done with her, he did the same with Mary, who kept giggling. With a soft smile on his lips, Léon turned to Satina and asked, "What now?"

"Now we"—Satina stopped talking and mouthed a silent—"get Silvia's core." She looked around and, when nothing happened, she completed, "Then we'll escape, as fast as we can. I have no doubt she already knows we're here."

"No," Phillip said in a strong voice. "Not until we've—"

Medusa completed in his place, "Found Fred?" She smiled and let the straps of a backpack slid down her shoulder. She unzipped it and let the little slow loris peek its head out, slowly blinking its big, round eyes. "He's right here, darling. Now let's press on. I'm dying for a good massage."

dying ***

*** And if you don't know what a slow loris is, please stop what you're doing and search it RIGHT NOW on youtube. You NEED to see videos of these cuties!

And if you don't know what a slow loris is, please stop what you're doing and search it RIGHT NOW on youtube. You NEED to see videos of these cuties!

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Thank you for reading <3 Please don't forget to vote if you're enjoying the read! :D

Thank you for reading <3 Please don't forget to vote if you're enjoying the read! :D





thirty: Silvia (Part I)


"... And then, some of the prisoners went bananas and attacked us!" Mary completed. She let out a dreamy sigh and rested a hand on her breastbone. "First the walls closed around us, then the air vents started spilling fire, and then a mob tried to lynch us. It felt like an action movie... lots of fun!" She grinned, her blue eyes thin slits of pleasure. "What about you? What took you so long?"

bananas Rob choked on his own spit. He coughed and cleared his throat. "We just... we spent the whole time on the air ducts, really."

"Oh."

"Yeah, whatever." Phillip had a relieved smile on his lips. Fred snored and drooled on his chest, attached to him like another limb. "Can you explain why you forced Fred's transformation?"

Satina grunted. "This guy is a pain. He refused to come with us, said we'd never get out alive, and that Silvia would use our corpses in Saturday's barbecue ." She huffed. "I had to convince him to shut up."

Saturday's barbecue Phillip frowned. "Awkward. Until last week he was psyched about this heist. What changed?"

Medusa hissed, making a disgusted face. "Apparently, a prisoner tried to escape. No one knows how, but he ended up being processed with the nutritional paste for the week, and Silvia served him for dinner."

Rob's entrails churned, and his throat tightened.

"This is disgusting!" Léon said.

"Someone found a fingernail on their soup," Mary said. She chuckled. "At least it wasn't hair, right?"

"Holy fuck, baldie, what kind of comment is that?" Phillip mumbled.

"You know I hate hair." Mary took in a deep breath; her face softened, and then saddened. It was the first time Rob saw an expression like that on her. "They ate their friend. I pity them, I honestly do."

hate ate The group fell silent after that.

They sneaked through the dark corridors of Silverin Heights with tense shoulders and somber expressions. Unlike Rob expected, they weren't stopped by threatening robots, mortal traps, and they didn't meet other prisoners, either. Those they saw before the Life-force tank exploded had vanished, leaving no trace behind.

The closer they got to Silvia's core, the emptier and creepier that place felt. The silence was broken only by distant, metallic wails that spread shivers of Rob's back.

Satina led the group, followed by Mary, Medusa, Léon, Roberto, and Phillip.

Took them a while, but they finally reached the place they've been looking for. With his resolve steeled, Rob spread his right hand on the closed door in front of him. The plaque on it read Restricted Area — Authorized Access Only.

Restricted Area — Authorized Access Only. "Is this the place?" Rob asked. "Not a security room, not a place filled with noxious shite, but Silvia's main controls?"

Satina narrowed her eyes and took a few steps backward, trying to recognize the corridors they had just passed by. "I'm pretty sure it is, yes." She frowned. "But... it was too easy to get here." She clicked her tongue. "I have a bad feeling about this." She fished a lollipop from her front pocket and sighed, staring at it.

"And that's why I should've been the leader. I don't have bad feelings, I work with facts," Phillip said.

bad feelings, "Save that for when we're out of here, Red," Medusa said in a monotone.

"Just sayin', all right? Bureau's powers aren't even that strong, I just don't get why she is—"

she "Not. Now," Satina cut in. Rob couldn't identify any trace of her powers in those words, but Phillip still obeyed her like a scared child listening to his teacher. Satina turned to Rob and gestured towards the door. "Thoughts?"



Rob fought back a smile. He schooled his expression and squared his shoulders, trying to focus. "I, too, think this was way too easy. You'd think the most advanced piece of tech in New Continent would be exceedingly well protected."

exceedingly "Agreed," Medusa drawled. "I've seen up close how The Mayor protects his riches. Those vaults, like the one you found in the Hero's Retreat, prove he's careful with what he considers precious. We should be careful, there must be some type of defense mechanism."

"No need, silly billies," Mary said with a nasal voice and a chuckle. In a silent request, she stretched her hand to Satina, who handed her the lollipop after a dramatic eye roll. "Thank you, Tiny, I needed some sugar." She chuckled and mouthed the candy. "And don't worry. The Mayo-Naise won't care about something that's malfunctioning."

"What do you mean, darling?" Medusa asked.

Mary shrugged. "I mean... she shouldn't try to hurt anyone. Don't you agree, B?" She eyed Satina. "The Mayo-naise proly knows that too. Otherwise, he wouldn't lock her in prison, would he?" Her smile widened, and her expression became wicked. "Silvia knows that too. I bet she's the only one we'll have to deal with."

hurt Rob gulped.

Satina walked back to the group, her face harder and more livid at each new step. "Silvia does control everything inside," she said. "And while Life-force doesn't affect technology itself... Silvia's an AI. She's... sentient. What if...?" Satina trailed off. She shuddered. "Holy shit."

does A computerized voice blared through the walls. "I only did what I had to." Something hissed and cracked. It sounded like static and electricity. Like a power junction ready to explode. "I would never hurt one under my protection. I'm... Silvia."

hurt "Hello, Silvia!" Mary said with a smile.

If Silvia's voice had any hint of humanity before, now it was nothing but a soulless recording. "Parfait. Real name: unknown. Real age: unknown. Power trace: unknown."

"Parfait. Real name: unknown. Real age: unknown. Power trace: unknown." Mary chuckled. "She doesn't know much about me, does she?"

"... Class: mortally dangerous; do not approach without a fully-equipped squad. Sole survivor of The Pilgrim's Casino tragedy. De-villainization was futile. Kill on sight."

"... Class: mortally dangerous; do not approach without a fully-equipped squad. Sole survivor of The Pilgrim's Casino tragedy. De-villainization was futile. Kill on sight." "Oh! She knows something," Mary said, giggling.

knows Satina and Léon moved almost as one, putting themselves in front of Mary.

"Stay behind us, Fait!" Léon said. "Fait?" He turned around. Mary wasn't there anymore. Where she once stood, the group saw one of the plasmetallic panels sliding shut on the corridor walls.

"Holy shit," Satina muttered under her breath, hands trembling.

"We can't stay here," Phillip said.

Silvia's voice came back. "Red Menace. Real name: Meduscio Kolettis. Real age: twenty-three. Power trace: shadow and blood. Class: mortally dangerous, approach with caution. De-villainization was futile. Attempt to capture."

"Red Menace. Real name: Meduscio Kolettis. Real age: twenty-three. Power trace: shadow and blood. Class: mortally dangerous, approach with caution. De-villainization was futile. Attempt to capture." "What the fuck , Red?" Medusa barked, turning to Phillip. "You gave them my brother's name?"

fuck my brother's "She got Parfait. B, she got Parfait!" Léon mumbled.

"Everyone run," Satina shouted. "Run!"

They all obeyed, rocketing down the corridor they had come from.

"Red!" Medusa insisted.

"Your brother is dead and buried, Medusa," Phillip shouted back. "And I couldn't let my mom know I was arrested. Besides—"



"What about Fait? We have to help her!" Léon said.

Before he could finish his sentence, one of the panels on the ceiling fell down with a heavy, metallic thud that echoed around them. Satina, Léon, and Rob managed to jump forward and avoid being hit, but Medusa and Phillip rolled back. From the hole on the ceiling, mechanical claws hurled towards them. One of the claws gripped Medusa's head, while the other clacked around Phillip's chest.

"Medusa. Real name: Eurenna Kolettis. Real age: twenty-four. Power trace: dust, ice, and venom. Class: dangerous. De-villainization incomplete. Attempt to capture."

"Medusa. Real name: Eurenna Kolettis. Real age: twenty-four. Power trace: dust, ice, and venom. Class: dangerous. De-villainization incomplete. Attempt to capture." "Red! Medusa!" Léon shouted. He tried to jump and reach for them, but Rob laced his waist and pulled him back, keeping him in place.

As Phillip's eyes reddened and his body was covered by his shadow trace, an electric buzz crackled in the air. Then, a current of electricity ran through the plasmetal claws.

"Red," Léon mumbled in a shaky voice as Phillip and Medusa let out gurgling screams.

The claws pulled Medusa and Phillip's unconscious bodies as if they were plush toys. When they disappeared in the darkness of the hole in the ceiling, the fallen panel trembled, then jumped up again, sealing it.

"Let's go. Now!" Rob shouted.

"What the fuck is happening here?" Satina said. "Do something !" she shouted at Roberto.

fuck something "Bureau Assassin. Real name: Satina Dickens Hamman. Real age: twenty. Power trace: psionic matter. Class: unknown, last arrested in 2041, on the run ever since. Attempt to capture and de-villainize."

"Bureau Assassin. Real name: Satina Dickens Hamman. Real age: twenty. Power trace: psionic matter. Class: unknown, last arrested in 2041, on the run ever since. Attempt to capture and de-villainize." Another panel opened on the wall, and a third claw slid out.

"Over my dead body," Léon growled, pushing Rob away and standing in front of Satina.

"Reality Warp. Real name: unknown. Real age: unknown. Power trace: unknown. Class: harmless. Attempt to capture and de-villainize."

"Reality Warp. Real name: unknown. Real age: unknown. Power trace: unknown. Class: harmless. Attempt to capture and de-villainize." "We'll see how harmless I am," Léon whispered. He stretched his hands forward, and the thin, ethereal fabric of his power shone purple in the dark corridor. From the opposite wall, another panel slid open.

Resistance was futile. Like Mary, Phillip, and Medusa, Satina and Léon were subdued and dragged away.

Once Roberto was alone in the corridor, the lights turned on.

"Grizzly Bear. Real name: Roberto Tiaraju Tapir. Part of the Heroic League since 2040. Real age: twenty-five. Level of Clearance: National Security Clearance level nine. Access Authorized."

"Grizzly Bear. Real name: Roberto Tiaraju Tapir. Part of the Heroic League since 2040. Real age: twenty-five. Level of Clearance: National Security Clearance level nine. Access Authorized." Roberto let out a deep sigh. His tense shoulders relaxed, and his thudding heart started to slow down. He straightened his posture. "Thank you, Silvia. Please open the main control room."

"You're welcome, Mr. Tapir." A metallic whirr filled the corridor, and a small projector slid down from the ceiling. Silvia's projection flicked on. The image of an old woman smiled at him as the door opened. Her voice was sweet and gentle. "Allow me to treat your wounds, Mr. Tapir."

"Please do."

As the metallic arms slid out from the walls, following Rob's steps, Silvia's projection approached him again, narrowing her eyes.

"In the meantime, should I question your association with dangerous criminals, Mr. Tapir?"

Rob chuckled. "I merely brought them to you, Silvia. They're under your protection now and shall not be hurt or killed."

not "Understood, sir. Anything else I can help you with?"

Rob took a step forward, staring at the many controls and monitors in front of him. He slid one hand into his pocket and fished a small device from it. "Yes, Silvia. I have a favor to ask."

***

*** Hello, everyone! Thank you SO much for reading ♥ I hope you're enjoying the story so far. Rob's plan will start to unveil... are you ready for it? >8)))

Hello, everyone! Thank you SO much for reading ♥ I hope you're enjoying the story so far. Rob's plan will start to unveil... are you ready for it? >8))) Please don't forget to vote ♥♥♥

Please don't forget to vote

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





thirty-one: Silvia (Part II)


♥ Long chapter ahead. Happy reading! ♥

Long chapter ahead. Happy reading!

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. — Rob —



— Rob — — Rob —

"Of course, sir," Silvia answered.

Rob walked to the center of the control room. It was well-lit inside; fresh, clean, and grim like an autopsy room. Apart from the many screens and servers littering the walls, the only furniture inside was a red armchair.

Outside, he could hear the metallic wails of the prison walls bending to its own weight. Inside him, it was his innocence that crumbled.

Rob licked his lips and, after a moment of hesitation, he sat down. Silvia's mechanical claws finished cutting and removing the bandages around Rob's arm while a small tube sprayed warm water and antiseptic on the wound.

"Two months ago, Brash McCockay mentioned he kept my sister here." Rob fidgeted with the device in his hands. "Is that true?"

Silvia's smile widened. "Yes."

A new mechanical arm slid down from the ceiling. It was as thin as a needle, and it sank into Rob's flesh, leaving stitches behind. Silvia bandaged the wound and sent the mechanical arms away.

"Do you have any records of her stay here? Vídeos, reports from her doctors, anything?"

Silvia arched an eyebrow. Her lips quivered as she tried to keep her smile in place. "I have it all, boy. Oh , how she screamed."

Oh The story about the processed prisoner flashed on Rob's thoughts, and something thick churned in his entrails. He kept silent for a moment, afraid to make his next question.

processed "Did you or The Mayor hurt her?"

"Not her. Not on purpose." Silvia's projection flicked. For a split second, Rob thought he had seen tears running down the AI's projected face. With a blink, Silvia's face was normal again.

"What does that mean?"

"Not her. Not on purpose," she repeated. Her voice was deeper, more computerized than before.

Rob took a deep breath and leaned back in his armchair. "Do you know where she is right now? My sister?"

"Not your sister. Not on purpose."

" Okay ." Roberto huffed and thought for a moment. His eyebrows shot up. "Wait. Does that mean you hurt someone?"

Okay Silvia laughed. "He said—You're doing the right thing, Silvia. You're doing what's needed. You're protecting us all."

The room quaked. Distant screams reached the place, coming from the upper levels of the prison. That damned place was starting to collapse.

"Silvia," Rob called again.

"The doctor wanted to help, but The Mayor said no one could know about our little operation down here. When the chemotherapy stopped working, you see... when her cancer kept coming back, Rafaela's powers kept withering."



"Is my sister alive?"

"Beautiful Rafaela almost lost her powers... she weakened more and more and more and—"

"Is my sister alive?" Rob insisted in a stern tone.

"When the doctor said Rafaela couldn't stay here anymore, The Mayor took her and left the doctor behind. He said Rafaela still could help him." The glitch in her projection seemed more aggravated after each word. "She wasn't conscious, but she was ... alive, yes."

... Rob's lips trembled. He hid his eyes with a shaking hand.

"The Mayor said we needed to take care of the doctor," Silvia whispered, more to herself than to Roberto. "But he didn't. Did he?"

we he Rob raised his questioning eyes to look at the AI. The knot in his throat was still fighting not to be swallowed, while he tried to make sense of Silvia's words.

"Did The Mayor hurt the doctor?" Silvia continued in a mutter. Her projection seemed on the verge of collapse. "No. No! " She gasped. " I did it. I-I... I did." Her voice, her face, everything about her was wrong. "I killed her. I killed the doctor. She was under my protection and still... I... squashed her. A puddle on the floor, of blood and flesh and broken bones. No pity." she raised her eyes. "No pity, he told me. No pity. "

No! I squashed No pity. A wave of goosebumps crawled up his spine. Rob muttered a long line of foul words and rubbed his face. "Bloody fuck."

"He. Broke. Me. Not... on purpose." Finally, Silvia's voice cracked, and her projection lost form. Like a defective screen, her contours splashed the colors of her skin and clothes, showing the projected skeleton wavering underneath the digital skin. "Not on purpose. N-not, not, not..."

"I can't believe this." Rob groaned. He huffed as his eyes stung. Roberto had spent every second in the past two months to discover the location of this damned prison. He had broken a few laws and several arms and legs to get inside that room. He had risked his new team, and he had put Léon's life in danger... and for what?

To discover yet another soul motherfucker McCockay had shredded to pieces.

Cracks formed on the walls of the room and ran towards the ceiling.

Trembly and furious, Roberto jerked up from his seat. With a violent kick, he sent the armchair grating against the floor and onto the wall, breaking a good number of the screens on them.

"That bloody piece of shite!" he roared, his voice echoing inside the room. Rob was panting, his face distorted like his beliefs. This was the closest he had been from his sister in the past two years, and that's what he had to deal with:

Rafaela had willingly helped a fucking monster .

monster Helping his sister wasn't enough anymore; he had to stop The Mayor. Rob couldn't allow him to keep doing whatever he wanted.

had Silvia whispered, "That's what Doctor Brinn said as we took her. Your piece of shit. Murderous, insane piece of shit. "

Your piece of shit. Murderous, insane piece of shit. Rob's eyes jumped to the faulty projection, and he tightened his grip on the small device in his hands. "Doctor Brinn?" His chest hurt. "Was she the one treating my sister? In here?"

she "Yes."

Something cold stirred inside him. He had seen Doctor Brinn less than a month ago, after the heist on the Hero's Retreat. Doctor Brinn had treated them. She had saved Léon.

saved Gosh .

Gosh With a deep breath, Rob steeled his resolve.

"Silvia," he called with a strong voice. He stretched a hand to the projection and offered her the small device on it. "Copy every single entry about Rafaela Tapir, Antônio McCockay, and everything related to them to this chip. Then, delete completely every mention of them from your database. It's a permir chip, so prepare accordingly."

completely

Silvia smiled with what seemed to be relief. Rob could understand her. He would gladly delete what he had discovered from his mind if he could—but that wasn't an option.

"Yes, sir."

"One more thing, Silvia," Rob said. "Prepare your core for removal and as much of your data as you can. You're going to bring back those dangerous criminals I'm associated with. And you're going to come with us. With me."

dangerous criminals "You want... me... go rogue, Sir?"

"That's exactly what I want, Silvia. The Mayor can't be in power anymore. You and I will make sure he will pay for his crimes." Rob handed the permir chip to one of Silvia's metallic arms. "Will you follow me, Silvia?"

Silvia stared at Roberto for a long moment, her eyes distant and unfocused. She blinked and looked at him again.

"I will, sir. Although... there's no need to bring your associates back." She opened a smile. "They're already here."

Silvia had barely completed her sentence when the door to the room was busted by pure, dense, cosmic matter.

"Step away from him," Léon snarled, bursting into the room. His tigers followed his steps and stopped at his sides. They seemed bigger, stronger, and more ferocious than what they usually were.

Behind Léon, a horse-sized version of Fred, the slow loris, carried an unconscious Mary on its back, while Medusa and Satina held Phillip's arms around their shoulders. They were all bleeding; dust, blood, and cuts covered their skin and clothes alike.

Léon blew his bangs aside and took a step forward, raising his hands. Ethereal, purple smoke seethed from his palms. "It was a hell of a way back, so I won't repeat myself, Silvia. Step. Away."

"Hurt... not on purpose," the AI said.

Rob rushed forward and placed himself between Léon and Silvia. He knew what Léon's real powers were capable of, and Silvia wouldn't survive if he decided to use them. Rob couldn't let that happen... he still needed her.

real "It's okay. I'm okay," Rob said. He walked to him. Tentatively, he raised his hands to Léon's arms. "We can take the core. She recognized my rank in the Heroic League, so I convinced her that—"

"To hell with that core," Léon said between teeth. His eyes watered. "I thought you were dead . I thought she'd kill Parfait and Bureau. I thought she'd kill all of us !" He took a deep, shaky breath. "We won't take it back with us. She's degenerated and dangerous."

dead all of us Rob's chest warmed up, as did his face. He glanced at the tigers beside Léon and at the sheer power flowing from him.

"She's not evil," Roberto said. "She's just broken; we can fix her."

"No," Léon snarled.

"Nonsense! We need that core, Warp," Medusa said. Her voice was leveled and controlled, but something about her expression made Rob believe she was far from calm. "We've been through too much to get it, I won't leave without it."

"She's right," Satina said. "Besides, I'm in charge here." She turned to Roberto. "Ask her to release the core."

"Already did," Roberto answered. He was talking to Satina, but his eyes were locked on Léon. "We just have to take it and go."

"How?" Phillip asked.

"If I may, Sir?" Silvia said. A metallic arm slid down the ceiling and placed the permir chip in Rob's hand. Roberto peered over his shoulder at her and nodded. She continued, "My core is prepared for removal. It functions as my brain, as you well know it. It's a square processor, something you may carry inside... inside..." the projection flicked and trembled. "Inside a mint box."



"Great. Let's take it, then," Satina said. She stepped away from Phillip and stopped beside Léon. "Where is it?"

Silvia looked at Satina for a moment, then turned to Roberto again. "First, you must know something, sir."

The screams multiplied outside of the room, closer than before. Deafening wails of metal filled the place while the cracks in the walls reached the ceiling.

Rob's gaze snapped to the screens on the walls. Some of them had lost signal, while others showed pure despair—people running and screaming, trying to find refuge while the thin plasmetal ceilings buckled downward.

Without the memories in her data bank, Silvia's voice was clearer. "The prison started to collapse, and I'm doing what I can to slow down the process. Remove my core, and you'll have no more than a few minutes to evacuate." As she said it, metallic arms slid from the ceiling, acting as improvised columns. "But I refuse to leave my people here to die. You'll save them—or you'll let me here to rot with them. Make your choice."

My people , she said.

My people Rob clicked his tongue and huffed. He already knew they would come to a situation like this—he wanted to tear down another of Léon's barriers, after all—but he had hoped they wouldn't need to bet their lives on Léon's dormant powers.

Phillip scoffed. "So we're all gonna die 'cause this fucking human-sized toaster decided to develop a conscience?"

"Holy, stinky shit!" Satina blurted out. "We can always remove her core by force, right?"

"And how would we leave? We can't use a spoon and dig our way out of here," Léon said. "We can't leave all these people here to die, either."

Silvia took a step forward. "No one needs to die. Not on purpose. Not again."

"What is she talking about?" Léon mumbled.

Silvia continued, "You weren't completely wrong when you first came in. There is an escape tunnel connected to the surface, made for situations like this. I'll give you a choice. Agree to evacuate my people, and I'll open the tunnel for you. Refuse, and I'll leave you to your luck. You have two minutes to decide."

completely "We're no fucking heroes!" Phillip shouted. "I'm not gonna sacrifice myself for a pile of human waste!"

"I say we take the core and try to find our way out," Satina said. "At least now we know it exists."

now "I agree," Phillip said. "Medusa?"

She took a deep breath, pressing her lips into a tight line of disgust.

"Listen, B," Léon said. "We—"

Satina furrowed her eyebrows. "Shut up, Warp. We're talking about evacuating thousands of people in minutes , how do you think we'll manage to do that?"

thousands minutes "We have to try," Léon answered. "We have to."

have "No, we don't," Satina snapped back. "That's not who we are!"

not Phillip nodded. "Bureau's right." He turned around and unsheathed his daggers, walking towards the exit. "Take the core, Bureau. I'll make sure our path is clear."

Rob lowered his eyes as a strange bitterness spread on his tongue. It was too late. The mission is more important, he thought. The lives of the people in prison would have to be a sacrifice. He was willing to take the blame later on, but if they didn't get out of here; if he didn't stop the Mayor...!

The mission is more important, have "One minute left," Silvia said.

"Wake up!" Léon shouted. "All of you! What's wrong with you?" He staggered a step and pointed at the screens. "They are people. We are people. We can't just go and let them die ."

We die

Medusa rolled her eyes and took a step forward. Her voice was calm when she said, "I agree with Warp."

"What?" Phillip scoffed. "You're always the first one to run for your life."

first "And that's precisely what I did for Meduscio, thank you very much for reminding me , " she answered with a soft smile and an ironic tone. "Perhaps it's time to change a little." She waved the thought away. "Now go, all of you. I'll stay and help Warp." She turned around and faced Silvia. "We'll accept the deal, darling. Show us the exit, give us the core, and I'll make sure I will... save as many people as I can." She straightened her posture. "Goddess, what a strange word to use."

, save Satina ran her hands through her hair. "Holy shit."

"You can go if you want, Tiny," Léon whispered. "I'll stay."

"The audacity. You know I'd never leave without you. I just..." Satina's voice trembled. She huffed. "Okay, whatever. I'll help too."

Phillip smacked his forehead. "I can't believe this bullshit. You're all insane!" He spent half a moment in silence doing nothing but to stare at Léon. Then he huffed and said, "Well, fuck it . I'll help too. I don't think any of you would survive if I left." He shook his head. "You owe me, Warp. Big time."

fuck it Rob's cheeks burned with shame. He should be the one preaching the right thing, not them . He swallowed a cold, thick mouthful of guilt.

He them "What's the plan?" Satina asked.

Léon opened a wide smile. Before any of them could utter another word, Roberto took a deep breath and said:

"All we need to do is to make sure the structure can hold long enough for everyone to get out, all of us included. There are other supers locked up, so let's use them." He turned to Silvia. "Make an announcement. Every super able to use their powers to fortify the walls and ceilings must do it while the others go to the tunnel. Bureau, Red, you'll plan and help with the evacuation with Silvia. Medusa, you go with them and use your ice to make sure the way out will hold. Can Fred and Parfait help?" Rob locked eyes with Léon.

everyone must "I think they can, yes. Fred can move the wounded. My tigers can help with that, too. And Mary... well. I'm not sure what she can do, but I bet it'll be a huge help." Léon's cheeks were blushed, and even with all the dirt and the blood, he smiled.

Silvia raised her chin. "Don't forget—once you deactivate my core, you won't have my help anymore." She gestured around them, to the dozens of trembly metallic arms holding walls and ceiling in place.

Rob took a deep breath. He wouldn't let The Mayor influence his decisions anymore.

"Yes, I know it." He unbuttoned his trench coat and let it slide off his arms. His t-shirt followed it right after. "Warp and I will join our powers and keep this bloody place in one piece while you'll make sure everyone will get out. Bureau, you get Silvia's core on my mark." He smirked. It was time to invite Anhangá into his life again. His old friend probably missed the real world. "And someone please wake Parfait up. I'm going to use my real powers here. She won't want to lose this."

please real

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Rob is now *so close* to get what he wants... just don't let him fool you. It may not be what you're thinking. And do you have any idea of what his real powers are? 8D

Rob is now *so close* to get what he wants... just don't let him fool you. It may not be what you're thinking. And do you have any idea of what his real powers are? 8D Thank you all SO much for reading this chapter! I'm sorry for posting it a bit late but I hope the size can make up for that haha! ♥ If you liked it, please don't forget to vote.

Thank you all SO much for reading this chapter! I'm sorry for posting it a bit late but I hope the size can make up for that haha! If you liked it, please don't forget to vote. This chapter is dedicated to theprophet-chuck . Thank you so much for reading ♥ I hope you're enjoying the story!

This chapter is dedicated to theprophet-chuck theprophet-chuck . Thank you so much for reading I hope you're enjoying the story! And here's a small illustration for you all. I'm not sure if I already posted this not, but I hope you like it anyway. ^^



And here's a small illustration for you all. I'm not sure if I already posted this not, but I hope you like it anyway. ^^



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





thirty-two: Anhangá


— Léon —

— Léon — — Léon — The thin screen slipped through his sweaty fingers, but he managed to catch it before it hit the floor. Léon tightened his fingers around the acrylic surface and followed Rob's steps towards the far end of the control room.

"Seriously, why did you take your shirt off? Was that supposed to entice me or something?" Léon dropped his screen on the pile with a thud.

"It depends." Rob's voice was soft, but his face was covered with something Léon couldn't quite grasp. Rob grunted, pulling a few more screens from the wall and handing them to Léon. "Is it working?"

Léon chewed on his bottom lip and stopped, staring at him. Rob's muscles tensed and relaxed, sweaty and shiny under the white lights of the control room. Léon bit down harder. "Well, I'm not gonna lie. A little, yes."

Rob let out a breathless chuckle. "In this case, it was supposed to entice you."

was "You don't even know what the word shyness means, do you?"

shyness "Never heard of it."

Léon opened a smile and blew a lock of hair aside. His body ached and bled on so many places he wasn't sure if the pain came from different parts of him or if it had made him his new abode. And still, Rob managed to distract him from that. He made him smile.

"And why are we piling up screens?" Léon asked.

Rob peered over his shoulder. "When entities get locked away for almost a decade, they tend to be furious once released. You'll have to be careful, Tiger."

entities Léon took a step back, arms akimbo. Tiger. "What do you mean?"

Tiger. "You'll soon understand, I promise."

Rob and Léon had been creating a pile with the control room's screens for the past ten minutes, while Satina and Phillip worked on an evacuation plan. Medusa had left with Fred to help the wounded, and Mary kept slouched on the floor, yawning and humming. She had used too much energy to protect them from Silvia.

Léon turned around to look at the projection watching them. "Silvia, what's the situation around the prison? How much time do we have?"

Silvia's eyes lost focus. After a moment, as if she was back from a walk, she locked her gaze on Léon. "The internal structure is holding. Floors six to nine are only standing thanks to the prisoners. We—" Silvia stopped for a moment. "We lost the tenth floor and part of cell block G. We have casualties."

"Blasted," Rob muttered, rising to his feet. "We have to rush."

Satina's voice came from the entrance of the room. "Planning's complete. How are things there, Warp? Can we begin?"

"All done, I think," Léon said.

"Okay. Red and I will do a once-over in everything. Two minutes max, and we start."

Rob cleaned his hands on the back of his leather pants. "I s'pose I should begin, then," he said. Rob knelt in front of the pile of screens and called Léon with a gesture. He whispered, "Once I start to transform, tell Bureau to remove the core. I'll hold this place for no more than a few minutes while they escape. I can't hold the whole prison, as Silvia, so make sure the higher floors are empty."

"It's okay. Satina covered that with the evacuation plan." Léon cleared his throat. "But... how will you escape?"

"No, Warp. They'll go. You and I will stay. You're not helping with the evacuation, you'll need every ounce of strength you have. Once they're all in safety, you'll get the two of us out of here."

They'll all

Léon paled. "Wait, what? You're joking, right? How am I supposed to...?"

"Come here."

Rob beckoned him closer with a gesture, and Léon slipped the tip of the tongue between his lips. Léon crouched to level their eyes, fear plastered all over his face.

Rob supported a hand on Léon's shoulder and looked around. Mary was back to her nap, and Sílvia seemed to be in another galaxy. They were alone. Rob's hand slid up to Léon's neck and pulled him closer. "This... this thing —my power—will put me in a difficult place. I won't be alone in my body for some time, and I might say a lot of rubbish to you. Don't listen to any of it, all right? Just tell me what I need to do. I'll listen to you."

thing "Right," Léon said in a wary tone. "You're making me more nervous, Roberto."

more Rob chuckled. "You'll do fine, Tiger. Believe me. I... I trust you."

"I'm not sure I trust myself." Léon took a deep breath. The whole place quaked, instilling a sense of danger inside him.

"You should." Rob gave his shoulder a comforting squeeze. "You might not have realized it, but you're already so much stronger." A smile crawled up to his lips. "And you came back for me, Léon. Thank you." Rob leaned in and placed a warm kiss on his lips, his thumb caressing Léon's cheek. "If we leave this place, dinner's on me. I'll take you to the Sea Crab, I promise."

"I'll hold you to that," Léon mumbled.

Rob chuckled. He inched forward and gave him a second, longer, and gentler kiss, parting with a wet sound. Rob lowered his eyes, battling a smile. "Let's commence," he said in a louder tone.

Léon raised to his feet, cheeks slightly red—and only then did he notice Phillip's eyes burning against Rob's back.

From the door, Satina uncrossed her arms and schooled her expression, hiding the sweet smile on her lips. "Silvia, begin your evacuation protocols and open your core. Red, tell Medusa and Fred we're starting. Prepare the prisoners. Go."

Red nodded and dashed out while Satina marched to Mary and helped her up. Silvia's voice boomed through the speakers, telling people to stop using their powers on the walls and follow to the lower floors. A final group of mechanical arms slid down from the ceiling while a small drawer slid off the control room wall. Satina walked towards the drawer with Mary beside her.

"This is my core." Silvia pointed at a thin square chip. "I suggest taking the whole drawer. I'm sure your technicians will find it useful."

Satina nodded, holding the drawer. "Open the doors and unseal the escape tunnel. We're about to begin."

In the meanwhile, Rob had closed his eyes. "Yba, apó, apooca. Bring me Anhangá. Bring me the spirit of the forest," Rob whispered.

"Yba, apó, apooca. "Bear's starting. Take the core, B!" Léon said.

Without thinking twice, she jerked the drawer with Silvia's core, drowning the room and the whole prison in darkness.

A loud siren filled the place as the emergency lights clacked on, one after the other. The orangish lights were blurred by a dense white fog. Satina rushed out of the control room, carrying the drawer; the voices and the desperation outside multiplied.

"Keep going," Phillip shouted from the corridor. "I want order, people. Go, go, go!"

Léon bit the inside of his cheek. Rob was enveloped by a dense white light, and his eyes assumed a bright shade of red. Two black bumps appeared on his forehead.

Dust and electric sparks showered through the ever-growing cracks on the ceiling. The internal structure of the prison was starting to crumble again.

"Bear," Léon called. "We need you. Right about now!"

Rob grunted and growled as his balled hands started to shake. The bumps on his forehead got bigger and sharper, pushing against his skin until they ruptured it. Thin trails of blood ran down his face and painted bloody tears under his eyes. His muscles puffed up. Rob roared like a beast, showing a long set of sharp teeth.

"So cool!" Mary whispered with a grin.

Léon blinked a few times and turned to her. "Go with the others, Fait. You can't stay here!"

"I will. As soon as I see what our big Bear can do."

Rob's skin darkened, and his nails elongated. Like the horns on his forehead, bumps spread around his arms while the skin in his hands thickened. The bumps pierced through his skin, growing to create a natural armor around his back and shoulders. Wet sounds of swelling flesh and dry noises of breaking bones echoed inside the control room in a beastly crescendo until it all just... stopped.

crescendo Roberto—or the new version of him, taller and bulkier—huffed. As he bore his full height, he brought his hands up and stared at his palms. The air around him was filled with static and the faint smell of a rainforest.

When his beastly eyes locked on Léon, goosebumps spread on his back.

That was definitely something else.

definitely ***

Thank you so much for reading ♥ I hope you're enjoying the story! What do you think about Rob's REAL powers? They might still be a bit hazy, but you'll soon know exactly what he can do. >8)

Thank you so much for reading ♥ I hope you're enjoying the story! What do you think about Rob's REAL powers? They might still be a bit hazy, but you'll soon know exactly what he can do. >8) I'll post another chapter on Thursday with the final part of our Villains' adventures in Silverin Heights. It's already completed and ready to post, so I'll see you soon ;)

I'll post another chapter on Thursday with the final part of our Villains' adventures in Silverin Heights. It's already completed and ready to post, so I'll see you soon ;) This chapter is dedicated to the amazing HugiNevermore . Thank you a lot for reading and for all your votes! ♥

This chapter is dedicated to the amazing HugiNevermore . Thank you a lot for reading and for all your votes! HugiNevermore ♥





thirty-three: the Planeswalker


— Léon —



— Léon — — Léon —

The creature dashed to the pile of screens. With his fists and a loud growl, he smashed it, milling the screens into small, transparent shards. After a short while, when his fury had sated, the-other-Roberto grunted and took a step back to admire his work.

As he did it, the embers in his eyes burned out, leaving them covered in black.

"I'm feeling so much better now. Better and bigger, and lost. Where might I be?" He had a thick accent that Léon couldn't place among the seven main dialects from Old Continent. It had square Rs, squeezed vowels, and a weird cadence that sounded ancient to his ears.

so "Hello, Mr. Horns!" Mary started on Rob's direction, but Léon held her arm, keeping her at his side.

"Bear, can you... hear me? Are you okay?" Léon asked.

The-other-Roberto breathed in a lungful of air as the room quaked again.

"I'm well, child. Though my tongue tastes like fel and this hall whiffs of hell." He looked around, taking the time to study the room around him. "He brought me out of the between, into an iron maiden filled with steam, to solve his problems." Not-Roberto faced Léon and Mary. A crease formed between his thick eyebrows. "Funny, silly, little thing. You, sweet boy. I thought I had already saved your skin."

fel Léon's thoughts blurred. "What does that mean?"

"Oh," Mary said. "Now it all makes sense. You're not Robbie-bear, are you? You're more like a... a Robbie-deer!"

Not-Roberto let out a surprised, loud laugh. Little white flowers blossomed in the thick skin of his hands. "Finally someone worth talking to." The tall beast slouched on the floor and joined his fingers, moving them as if he counted beads in a necklace. "You may call me Anhangá. You know. The spirit of the Forest ." Flowers sprouted from his fingers, and he entwined their stems. "Come closer, child. I have a gift for you."

The spirit of the Forest Mary chuckled. In a swift movement, she freed herself from Léon's grasp, rushed to the creature, and sat at his side.

Anhangá placed the flower crown on her head. "There. You like it?"

Mary gasped and whispered, "It's beautiful. Thank you!"

What was happening? Weren't they aware of the crumbling tons of plasmetal around them? Léon opened his lips to complain, but Anhangá's eyes bore into him. Why couldn't he say anything ?

say ? "You too, boy." His voice darkened. " Come to me, Léon. "

Come to me, Léon. A cold feeling blanketed his body. Léon knelt beside the creature, resting his hands on the warmth of his strong arm. Anhangá smirked. His skin was coarse and covered in scars, and Léon's fingers slid from wound to wound, moving on their own.

"Here, my sweet boy." Anhangá placed a flower crown on his head. His claw-like fingers brushed on Léon's cheeks. "I hate it that young Roberto's feelings seep into me like this," he whispered.

From somewhere far, far away, screams and explosions reached Léon's thoughts as if piercing through a barrier. He shook his head and got up. "No. We need your help, that's why Rob brought you here."

The flowers withered on Léon's head; a thick, dark wave of fear washed over him.

Anhangá closed his eyes as another quake begun; grass and mushrooms grew around him, forming a natural cushion beneath his muscular body. He sighed. "And I'll help you, of course." He stretched his arms. "You weakling wreck will wake me again in a few hours. I'll then take care of it all."

then

A loud explosion broke on the higher floors. Dirt and pieces of plasmetal fell through the large cracks inside the control room. Outside, in the corridor, people screamed, crying for help.

Léon's chest tightened. "Just listen . This place is crashing down; people will die if you don't do something!"

listen Anhangá opened one of his eyes. "What do I care for you flimsy 'umans? They'll all lose their lumen, then fall on Earth's rumen, then cease to exist."

Tightening his hands into fists, Léon huffed. "Listen to me, demon. You'll help us. Now! "

Now! "Curious," Anhangá whispered. "Your spine has thickened since the last time I saw this serious face." He scoffed. "I'll have you know I'm no demon. These"—he pointed at the horns on his forehead—"should be antlers."

"That's not important right now, we don't have enough time to—"

The room quaked with even more violence, interrupting Léon's words. He lost balance. The cracks above him spread like a web; with a metallic wail, massive pieces of plasmetal fell.

Anhangá jumped to his feet and bent over Mary and Léon, using his back to shield them from the debris. Léon was trembling. His widened eyes set on the flat metal that would've crushed the life out of him. When he looked at Anhangá, the creature's features were contorted in fury.

"Tell me, serious face," Anhangá began. The poetry from before left his speech. "Why did that motherfucker invoke me here, of all places? So I could bloody watch you all die?" he barked.

Outside, some of the prisoners weren't as lucky as Léon and Mary. The blood running into the control room proved they wouldn't have much time.

The scene made Léon's stomach churn and his sight blur. "You have to hold this place long enough so everyone can escape. Please. The structure won't hold for long, so you'll reinforce it somehow. Once they're all out of here, I'll take us both to the surface." He faced Mary. "Go, Parfait. They'll need you."

Mary pouted and nodded. As she dashed outside—taking care to avoid the puddle of blood at the entrance—Anhangá took a deep breath.

"Very well. But teeth for teeth, that's what will cost you my deed." At a moment's notice, before Léon could answer, the tall figure raised his arms, eyes lit by fire. Anhangá growled and swung his fists down, bashing the already fragile floor. The quake intensified inside the prison.

"You're supposed to hold the place, not destroy it!" Léon shouted, losing his balance again.

When he fell, Léon found the softness of green grass and orange tropical flowers. Red begonias covered the blood on the floor, while thin vines crawled up the walls. With a roar, Anhangá pushed his fists harder against the floor. Through the cracks under and around them, thick roots sprouted, spreading on the walls and ceilings.

Léon's lips parted. He never thought he would see anything like this. He remembered the old tales about the first druids and how they tried to restore the land, growing entire forests overnight. No one really thought that was possible, but now, watching as the control room was swallowed by green, Léon wasn't as skeptic as before.

really He wasn't sure how much time passed, but it felt like he had stood there an entire century, watching nature reclaim the place.

A voice came from the door, waking him. "Warp! Move, we need to go!"

Léon raised his gaze to find Phillip and Satina's widened, tired eyes.

"They're all safe," Phillip shouted. "Let's go. Now!"



"I'm not going. I have to take him out of here." Léon jerked a thumb towards Anhangá.

Satina scoffed. "What do you mean, you're not going ? Bear can take care of himself. You'll come with us if I have to drag you all the way to—"

you're not going Anhangá's voice boomed in the control room. "Leave!" With that word, a curtain of roots hammered down, closing the entrance and cutting Satina's speech short. "And you... I can't hold it for long, sweet boy. Rush and take us out of here."

"Only when Satina and Phillip are safe," Léon answered in a firm voice. His lips quivered. Léon balled his trembling hands, weaving the thin fabric of his ethereal curtains around his shoulders. But... something was wrong.

He didn't feel it. His power.

" Inacreditável," Anhangá said through a choked laugh. "You have no idea of what you're doing, do you?" He barked out a guffaw that died out as his face twisted. "Oh, I'm gonna skin that stupid Tapir," he snarled. "Come closer, sweet boy."

Inacreditável," skin Léon stopped at an arm's length.

" Closer ."

Closer Léon swallowed hard and knelt in front of him, leveling their eyes. Anhangá's fists were still pressed against the floor, attached to it through the vines that circled his arms and lost themselves in the cracks.

"Put your arms around me and close your eyes."

Léon faltered.

"Senseless, silly boy. Rush! You don't remember it, but that's the second time I teach you. This time, though, I swear I'll bury all your friends with us if I have to repeat myself. Do as I say!"

second This He did, and Anhangá pressed their foreheads together, whispering a long line of words Léon didn't even begin to understand. The sounds pressed against his ears, warming and mollifying his body. When Anhangá stopped speaking, his full lips ran up, brushing against his lips, and then down Léon's forehead. He placed a kiss on each of his closed eyes.

Anhangá whispered against Léon's right ear, but his voice echoed as if coming from all around him. "You caged your power for the sake of others. You must release it. It's part you, strong and beautiful like the tiger who shies not before his true nature. Embrace who you really are, Léon. Fight for others like you once did."

must Fight Something cold stirred inside Léon.

"Follow your tigers, boy. They know the way. Open your eyes."

Open your eyes." Léon did. Everything was black, void of light or shapes or color.

The very fabric of things usually is.

The very fabric of things usually is. In the middle of that nothingness, a tree waited for him. It was a mapati tree with no more than two meters of height but with thick branches full of grapes. Under the tree, a man awaited.

Léon dashed to him with silent steps that sounded dry like knocks on solid wood. Bonee and Lampee stepped forward from behind him. They reached his shoulders in height and irradiated power.

irradiated "He is back, my female," Lampee said, his voice reverberating on Léon like a sacred call to power.

"And he wants us to guide him," Bonee added. Her muscles were bigger, her fur longer and braided, her whole being irradiating warmth and courage.

"Finally," they completed in unison.

"Where are we?" Léon asked.

"The cosmos. The void. The nothing," Lampee said.

"The undimension. The beginning. The in-between," Bonee added.

"We're inside you, Leo," said a new voice.

Léon raised his eyes to see Roberto lifting his body from the floor. Rob dodged the lower branches of the mapati tree and stopped beside it.

With a sigh of relief, Léon strode to him and pulled him into a hug. "I was so worried," he said against his chest.

Rob chuckled. His voice changed to say, "Just kidding. You're not free from my fantastic presence as of yet. I bet your Roberto will be filled with jealousy."

When he looked up, Léon saw two red eyes. His shoulders jerked, and he staggered a step. Rob wasn't there anymore. Standing in front of him, with a slight smirk on his lips, was Anhangá. He looked different; his antlers were ghostly, white, and he had geometric, shimmering red tattoos on his face and body, made entirely by thin, parallel lines. Against the deep brown of his skin, the tattoos seemed to be made with the blood of a God.

"He has no class, my male," Bonee said, eyes set on Anhangá. The tigress snarled and went back to her walk.

"No class at all, my female," Lampee agreed, rushing to follow her.

Léon shook his head. "You have to tell me what's happening."

Anhangá let out a loud laugh. Like Léon's steps, the sound was dry and dull. Anhangá bowed before him. "We can talk and walk, I suppose." With a gesture, he invited Léon to follow his tigers.

" Please tell me what's going on."

Please "The dust trace," Anhangá began, "coagulates whatever substance it touches. The fire trace burns out without oxygen. The poison trace mixes its owner and target—and kills from within. Each of your traces has roots in what your people call s cience. Your cosmic trace, on the other hand, taps into the flow that the 'uman's quantum physics call cosmic energy ... something that my people called Anhang a long time ago. Yours is the energy of every living thing, Léon. And you can travel within it, carrying with you anything you want. That's what's happening. As we walk, following your tigers, you're leading the way through a different plane. You're taking me—and an entire room—with you."

traces cience. cosmic energy Anhang That's Léon frowned. "You're shitting me."

Anhangá curled his lips in a wide smile. "Open your eyes, child. See for yourself."

"But my eyes are already opened," Léon mumbled.

"Think again, boy." Anhangá cupped a hand on Léon's cheek. His hand was warm and calloused, and it had a strong fragrance of wildflowers on it. "Look around you, Léon."

This time, Anhangá's voice echoed in the darkness, breaking the barrier around them when he said,

" Wake up ."

Wake up ***

*** Thank you so much for reading! If you didn't already, please don't forget to vote. I promise you, this will make this author's day! haha ♥♥♥

Thank you so much for reading! If you didn't already, please don't forget to vote. I promise you, this will make this author's day! haha I hope you're enjoying the story so far. We're close to a few revelations and conclusions. What do you think will happen now? 8)

I hope you're enjoying the story so far. We're close to a few revelations and conclusions. What do you think will happen now? 8) Anhangá was base in the native Brazilians' mythology, which is part of my heritage as a Brazilian, and I'm super proud and happy I have the chance to share it with you. ♥

Anhangá was base in the native Brazilians' mythology, which is part of my heritage as a Brazilian, and I'm super proud and happy I have the chance to share it with you. ♥ This chapter is dedicated to Traycharles24 thank you so much for reading and for your votes! ♥

♥ This chapter is dedicated to Traycharles24 thank you so much for reading and for your votes! ♥ Traycharles24 "Trevor Something" is one of my favorite musicians out there. This post-punk, synthwave with traces of pop music is part of what I imagine when I think about Mercurial Unicorn, Léon's """favorite""" band (being really sarcastic here hahahaha!)

"Trevor Something" is one of my favorite musicians out there. This post-punk, synthwave with traces of pop music is part of what I imagine when I think about Mercurial Unicorn, Léon's """favorite""" band (being really sarcastic here hahahaha!) Mercurial Unicorn will show up again in our next chapter. Can you imagine why? ;)

Mercurial Unicorn will show up again in our next chapter. Can you imagine why? ;)





thirty-four: an alleyway


A.N./ Long, steamy chapter ahead.

A.N./ Long, steamy chapter ahead. A.N./ Long, steamy chapter ahead. He opened his eyes and met Phillip and Satina. Their scorched skin and clothes, cuts, and blood made their expressions seem even more twisted, even more scared. Behind them lay the withering roots Anhangá had created, the large cracks on the plasmetal walls, and showers of electrical sparks.

Was this real? Léon closed his eyes. They stung with tears he wouldn't let fall; Satina's warm and tight hug made it all better... until a thought crossed his mind.

"Wait. What are you doing here?" Léon pushed Satina away and scrambled to his feet. He swept the room with his gaze. Around him, he found the control room of Silverin Heights. "Why did you come back? You have to leave!"

Léon staggered towards the entrance door. When Satina tried to get up and reach him, Phillip placed a hand on her arm, stopping her.

"You have to get to safety. I have to get you out." Léon reached the entrance door and growled. It was covered by a curtain of vines and leaves. Léon took a few steps back... he would tear those damned roots apart if he needed to! He dashed against the door, aiming his shoulder on it, but the dead roots offered no resistance. Like a beaded curtain, they opened and swung outside. Losing his balance, Léon fell through... and hit a hard, cold layer of sand and dirt.

Léon was panting. He raised his eyes and met New continent's starry sky marred by a dark-orange cloud of passing radiation. A few hundred meters away, a number of fires burned in the night, surrounded by thousands of faces he couldn't recognize. Closer to where he was, approaching at a slow pace, he saw Mary, Fred, and Medusa.

His fingers closed against the dirt. Léon raised the handfuls of dirt and sand and watched as the grainy mix ran through his fingers. Gentle steps came from behind him, and he heard Satina's voice saying,

"You're okay now, cous. We did it."

Léon smiled, chuckled, and guffawed as a stream of tears rolled down his cheeks. Behind him, dented, fuming, and bleeding, the control room lay amidst pools of raw life force, ripped from Silverin Heights' structure like a beating heart from its chest.

***

Once back at Invidia, no one could believe what Satina and Phillip's teams had achieved. Not only they had managed to steal the most advanced piece of tech in New Continent and every document related to it, but they were also responsible for the biggest prison escape in modern history.

Per Iara's orders, the prisoners were triaged based on their crimes. She acted as judge and invited a couple of them to join Invidia, pardoned a few and set them free, sent others to the Heroic League's headquarters—bound and blindfolded, ready to be arrested—and locked other three in her private prison. They were way too dangerous and degenerated to ever leave confinement, she had said.

The villains left Iara's office and split up. Phillip's team would celebrate having Fred back, Mary decided to go home for a nap, and Satina focused on the many reports she'd have to make. Roberto was summoned by Anachronica, and Léon, now alone, went to the training grounds.

Instead of trying to forget what had happened, Léon wanted to understand the new range of his powers. Anhangá's words circled in his head, haunting him like an unforgivable crime.

Léon and Anhangá had met before. But... what did that mean?

Perhaps that wasn't the first time Rob was forced to call for Anhangá to save him. And if Rob had let Anhangá use his own body only to help him, Rob certainly cared for Léon much more than Léon could have imagined. And he was grateful for that... but he was also afraid.



Léon's powers were too strong.

too It was only late that night that Léon left Invidia. His muscles were sore, but the intense training session had left his mind in a comfortable stage of exhaustion. Rob was nowhere to be found, so he left on his own for the first time in months, carrying his heavy backpack hung on one shoulder.

Once at home, Kaliandra cleaned his wounds, massaged his muscles, and put him to bed, popping a motherly kiss on his forehead.

Unfortunately, none of that shielded him from the nightmare he had that night.

It was the same as before, but more intense. Léon was in that damned forest, and his eyes found Rob at the other side of the rapids. This time, as Rob cried for him to wake up, Léon felt flames crawling to him, circling and engulfing him like a massive snake made of fire. He knew he was in danger. The fire licked his feet and legs, stretching and stripping his bleeding skin. It sunk burning fangs in his calves, filling his choked screams with the disgusting sound of sizzling meat and the thick smell of burnt flesh.

Léon, his vision wobbly under a layer of tears, looked up.

The figure that awaited for him was none other than Antônio McCockay. The Gunslinger. His blue eyes were dangerous, his face twisted, his smile crooked. Antônio's words reached him as if coming from another plane.

"I'll drink, and I'll eat, and I'll fucking consume you!" he shouted.

consume Léon woke up with a start and found Rob's scared expression. It took him a moment to hear what Roberto was saying, another to understand the cold wetness running down his face, and a third one to stop thrashing against Rob's hands.

"...Calm down, Leo. It's okay, mate. I'm here," Rob repeated, his voice only then breaking the thick layer of confusion. Léon let Rob wrap him in a tight hug, feeling the warm gentleness of his touch. "T'was just a bad dream, Tiger. I'm here. You're safe."

In a weak movement, Léon's fingers pulled Rob closer as he hid his face on the curve of his neck. "It was so, so bad," he whispered.

so Rob brought a hand up to his hair while the other crossed his back in a protective embrace. "Everything's okay now."

Léon wasn't sure how much time passed, but his tears had dried against the warm skin of Rob's neck. At some point, Rob let go of him, and Léon hugged himself, rubbing his cold arms while the other man tucked a lock of hair behind his ear.

Rob's hand still caressed his long hair when he asked, "Want a decaf? Or a movie or... or go for a walk?"

Léon shook his head no and buried himself in his covers. A new tear rolled down his face, and Léon dried it with a single, brute sweep of his sleeve. "I'm okay now, thanks."

"All right. Should I turn the lights off?"

"Mhm."

Rob got up. With a click, the room was dark again.

"You know, if you want to sleep with me, Leo... I'll help you feel safe. You don't have to be afraid, or—"

"I know," Léon cut in with a cold tone. Before his eyes, the only image he saw was Rob's scared expression in the forest. Only fear, flames, and horror occupied his thoughts.

Rob sighed. The darkness in the room concealed his expression. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have insisted."

Why was Léon pushing him away?

"Goodnight, Leo."

"Night."

Léon took a deep breath. As his eyes grew accustomed to the darkness, the shapes in the room were licked by moonlight. At his side, on the floor, Rob kept his back to him. Léon shut his eyes. He wanted so much to feel Rob's touch...



He glanced at his frame.

C'mon, Léon. He's right there.

C'mon, Léon. He's right there. He slipped from his sofa-bed, knelt beside Rob, and raised the corner of his comforter. As Rob turned around to face him, Léon locked their eyes in a silent request for permission.

Rob bit down on his lower lip and scooted to the side, leaving his arm stretched under the pillow and a warm strap of the mattress for him .

. "I changed my mind," Léon whispered, lying beside him. He turned his back to Roberto and pulled the comforter up to his chin. Léon's heart pummeled against his chest, burning his cheeks and ears while white, cold anxiousness filled his stomach.

Rob shifted in place and rested his head close to Léon's, his hot breath fanning the long hairs on his nape.

"I'm glad you did," Rob whispered.

His hand slid under the comforter to Léon's hipbone. Then, it slid up until his fingers reached the height of his heart. Rob's forehead rested against the back of Léon's head and his warm, solid muscles against his back.

"Goodnight, Leo. Sweet dreams."

Against everything he thought wise, Léon lowered his hand and intertwined their fingers. "Good night, Rob."

***

Pipo's childish voice broke the silence in the house—and possibly in the whole neighborhood.

"Amma!" he shouted.

Léon's shoulders jerked up; his eyes shot open. One of Rob's arms was stretched under his head, while the other hung dangerously low on his torso, the tip of his thumb brushing under his belly button. Léon's face flushed. He swallowed hard, carefully pulling Rob's hand up again.

"Amma!" Pipo repeated, this time louder.

The kid stretched that last A until Kaliandra's drowsy voice asked, "What's wrong, munchkin? It's Saturday, we don't wake up till ni—"

Léon looked up to see his mom, frozen mid-sentence. A glint of joy crossed her eyes as she bent forward to hold Pipo's little hand.

"Amma, Léon's sleeping in the same bed as Rob! Amma!" Pipo squealed as Kaliandra pulled him back to their room.

"Stop screaming, Pietro Dickens! It's six in the morning!"

Pipo and Kaliandra disappeared inside their room. Léon couldn' hold back an embarrassed chuckle. He looked at Roberto, finding his eyes half-opened and filled with mischief.

"See what you've done? What will my little brother think now?"

Rob raised his eyebrows and chuckled. "I thought you were the one who came to me last night. It's your job to tell him why."

your " You invited me."

You Rob smiled. "I'm glad I did."

Warmth crept to his cheeks. Léon chuckled, lowering his gaze. They hadn't properly done anything other than the several accidental bumps during the night. Sure, Léon wanted much more than that, but when he finally gathered enough courage to turn around and capture Rob's lush lips between his, he was already snoring, a soft smile covering his lips.

done wanted "You know what—"

Before Léon could continue his sentence, quick footsteps approached. Pipo rushed out of his room and ran to them—but Kaliandra was faster; she scooped him up and locked him in a tight hug as he squealed again. She went back to the room and closed the door behind her back with a bang, leaving them alone.



Rob, eyebrows shot upward, smiled. Pipo's childish laughs echoed from the closed room. "Your mom's an angel," Rob said with a gentle smile.

Léon smiled. "She is." He narrowed his eyes. The proper thing to do would be to go back to his bed now. Chewing on his lower lip, Léon supported his elbow on the pillow and started to get up. Rob sighed and pulled his hand off of his hip, letting him go.

What was he doing? Léon paused. "Don't think I forgot what you said. You will take me to the Sea Crab. You promised."

What was he doing? will The corner of Rob's lips quirked up as he locked eyes with Léon. "I s'pose I'll have to after you asked so nicely... your majesty."

have Eyes narrowed, Léon answered, "If the lion is the king of the savannah, the tiger is the king of the forest. Remember that."

"And you're the tiger," Rob whispered, inching closer.

"I'm the tiger," Léon echoed, smirking. Before Roberto could get any closer, Léon spread a hand on his chest. "And the tiger thinks the bear has to brush his teeth before any attempt at kissing."

Rob burst out a laugh. His body dropped heavily on his mattress, almost as if someone had turned his batteries off. "Oh, Léon," he drawled in a frustrated tone, shaking his head. He took a deep breath. "I'll go in a minute or two, I swear. I can't get up right now... nor lie on my back, for that matter." He glanced down.

Léon frowned. A moment later, his eyebrows jerked up. "Wait. Seriously , Roberto? You do realize I'm right beside you, right?"

Seriously do Rob's cheeks flushed, and he hid his face against Léon's shoulder. He whispered, "That's precisely why, Tiger. You smell really good. Just like in my dream last night."

really Léon bit his lower lip. A cold swirl started at the bottom of his stomach and crawled up to his chest as Rob's hand caressed his arm. How could that simple touch make him feel so much? "I'm not sure if I should ask about your dream or not."

"You definitely should," Rob answered in a deep voice. Another of Pipo's laughs came from the other room. "Once we're alone, that is," Rob completed.

definitely Léon swallowed. Hard. As hard as Rob's situation at that moment. Rob let out a comfortable laugh, tightening his arms around Léon. "Maybe you should go back to your bed. It's daylight outside... I don't think you'll be scared anymore."

situation "Thank you for letting me sleep here," Léon whispered. He opened a soft smile, got up, and climbed the sofa. "Hey. Rob? Just so you know, I wasn't just looking for comfort after my nightmare." As his cheeks burned, he turned around, facing the sofa. "I wanted to... to be with you. To feel you. And... I still want to."

After a long moment of silence, Rob let out a heavy sigh. "Holy hedgehog. I don't think I'll leave this comforter so soon."

***

Léon couldn't sleep anymore. There was this strange sort of energy in his chest and a bubbly smile on his lips each time his eyes crossed with Rob's. They had an almost-silent breakfast, during which Kaliandra kept trying to discover what had happened last night.

"I think I heard cats outside my window," she would say. "Did you hear anything? Were you... awake? You know. Late at night? No? What about you, Robbie?"

cats And when they answered their nos and tried to change the subject, Kaliandra would narrow her eyes and stare at them. After Rob and Léon changed and told her they were heading for work to an emergency meeting, she licked her tongue and said,

nos "Just don't take too long. I'll leave lunch for you in the oven—Pipo and I will spend the weekend with uncle Marco in the countryside." She smiled, pulling her keystick from over the table with a dramatic gesture. "You two have fun."

It was hot outside. Kaliandra's words still circled Léon's thoughts as he waited for Rob to lock the door. One of Léon's hands rested in his pocket while the other dangled beside him.

He raised his eyes to Rob. Under the sun, his hair shone with a caramel shade, and his new piercings glimmered each time they caught even the smallest bit of sunlight. He was handsome with those strong lines on his jaw, his thick neck, and broad shoulders—and his muscles made Léon feel all sorts of things every time he flexed them, even if just a little bit. Rob smiled as their eyes locked. Léon's cheeks warmed up.

"Ready to go?" Rob asked, placing the keystick on Léon's palm.

"Yep." Léon turned around to start their short walk to the train station, but Rob didn't follow. A few steps after, Léon turned around to stare at him.

"You will let me take you to the Sea Crab, won't you?" Rob asked.

will With a chuckle, Léon answered, "Yeah."

"You know what that means, then." Roberto stepped closer. "It's a date. It means we... we'll be..."

"Together," Léon offered. The heat increased in his face.

"Together," Rob agreed. He tried to fight a smile, but couldn't win. Rob walked up to Léon and gently pulled the backpack from his shoulders.

Not two steps later, Rob stopped again and asked, "Wanna hold hands?"

Léon laughed. He glanced at Roberto and raised his eyebrows when he met his embarrassed, lowered eyes.

"I just thought I'd do it right this time. At the right speed," Rob said.

right Ah.

Now it made sense. Léon remembered the kiss they had shared before the heist. Rob had gotten a bit too energetic then, but Léon never thought he would care so much about that. Léon bit down his lower lip and slid his fingers between Rob's, relishing the sweet coldness that swirled inside him. With a smile, he resumed his walk, saying, "Thank you for being so considerate. You're... cute."

Now too Rob smiled back.

A few meters later, Léon pulled Rob to a narrow alleyway. It wasn't planned or thought out. There, hidden behind clotheslines, they kissed again, with much more intensity than the first time. And as Rob pressed Léon against the wall, then went down on his knees, Léon tried to keep his voice down.

One single raven plummeted down and perched on the top of the building, staring down at them.

As Rob grabbed and licked and closed his eyes, moaning and doing what he was always meant to, Léon stared up to the peeping bird, holding back the moans Rob provoked. Somewhere in his mind, his thoughts advised him the bird was a bad omen, but...

Holy fuck, Roberto, that's...!

Holy fuck, Roberto, that's...! But he honestly couldn't care less.

***

*** Hey, love! Thank you so much for reading this chapter! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it ;)

Hey, love! Thank you so much for reading this chapter! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it ;) Rob's here, cooking up plans like...

Rob's here, cooking up plans like...

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. HAHAHAHA! ♥ See you next week ;)

HAHAHAHA! ♥ See you next week ;)





thirty-five: commitments


New Continent, May 4th, 2047

New Continent, May 4th, 2047 New Continent, May 4th, 2047 —Rob—



—Rob— —Rob—

In New Continent, May was a month filled with heat and summer showers—but on that sunny Saturday morning, Roberto and Léon were hidden in the shadows of Ragged street.

Rob pulled Léon's underwear up and pressed a warm, wet kiss above it. Cleaning the corners of his mouth, he got on his feet. Rob licked the sticky wetness on his fingers while Léon stood in place, taking in heavy breaths of the hot, humid air of May. Rob's knees hurt, he had a little wet stain on his white t-shirt, and his hair was a painful mess, thanks to how Léon had tugged on it for dear life.

But... Goddess , what a bliss.

Goddess "You all right?" Rob loved to see that expression. He lived for it. Léon would be a very happy man from now on if he had a say in it. Or... rather, if he had tongue and fingers and many other fun parts on the job.

loved lived "Yeah, give me a moment," Léon breathed out, placing a hand on his heaving chest. "Can you just...?" He raised his hand to Rob's shoulder and pushed him down. "Just once more, cause... Please? Once more."

With a chuckle, Rob held Léon's hand and placed a kiss on his knuckles. "Aren't we a bit too late for our meeting? I felt your mobile buzzing in your pocket. I'm sure it was Satina."

Léon huffed and groaned, lowering his eyes. "I guess." He bent forward, fished his phone from his back pocket, and unlocked the screen. "Yep. It was Satina. All seven times."

Rob chuckled again. He caressed Léon's thighs and pulled his pants up before turning his attention to the loose strand of hair escaping his always-perfect braid. Rob spread a hand on the wall beside Léon and lowered his lips to caress his temple with a soft, warm kiss.

The small bags under Rob's eyes puffed up, pressed by a barely-contained smile.

As he tucked that rebel lock of hair behind Léon's ear, eyes set on the naked skin of his neck, his mouth watered again. He slid an index finger down to his collar bone; his lips followed.

When Rob nibbed at his neck, Léon chuckled and let out a heavy breath. "What are you doing?"

"Only a small portion of what I want to," Rob whispered.

"You're a devil," Léon whispered, quivering under his touch. His cheeks blushed, his lips parted. With a naughty expression, Léon stuck his middle finger between his lips, sliding it in and out again.

Rob's breathing quickened. Just once more , Léon had asked. Well, that was a fucking great idea. Rob leaned in for a kiss, but Léon was faster.

Just once more fucking He stuck his wet finger into Rob's ear.

"What the bloody—? Léon!" Rob furrowed his brow and stepped back like a scared cat, rubbing his ear.

Léon laughed. "We'll have the house for us the whole weekend. You reminded me of our meeting. It's your fault."

You Rob huffed.

Holy hedgehog. How could so much beauty fit in one powerful, tasty body? He was bewitching . Not only on the outside, with the gentle shape of his face, strong shoulders, lean muscles—so suckable, all of them—and the spicy fragrance of his after-shave. No. Léon also had protected him. He had saved all those people in prison, even when Roberto himself only thought about their sacrifice .

bewitching sacrifice Léon was a good man, way better than Roberto, and he had his heart in the right place. No matter how much Toni or The Mayor tried to convince him of the opposite, Toni was crazed for power, not Léon.

Toni

Slits of daylight filtered through the many layers of clotheslines around them. The light shone into Léon's eyes, kindling one of them with a bright shade of honey and the other with a pure, translucent white.

"Let's go." Léon pushed his back from the wall to lock Roberto in a tight hug. With the tip of his tongue, he collected a droplet on Rob's chin and pressed a gentle kiss on the corner of his lips. "Before I drag you back home."

***

New Continent, July 6th, 2047 — two months later

New Continent, July 6th, 2047 — two months later New Continent, July 6th, 2047 — two months later That 4th of May was the first of many afternoons Rob and Léon spent together. A couple of months later, as the glory of their successful mission in Silverin Heights was starting to dwindle, the quartet found themselves with the difficult task of finding a new, worthwhile mission. After all, power and success moved the world of villainy... and they couldn't afford to lose the status they had earned.

The only thing harder than finding a new target was to separate Reality Warp and Grizzly Bear.

After a week of keeping their new relationship a secret, Léon threw discretion out of the window when L'amant Doré, one of the other Invidia villains—and the most charming of them all—confessed his interest for Roberto, in the middle of the cafeteria. Needless to say, when L'amant pulled Rob into a romantic hug, using his powers of seduction to keep him in place, a furious Léon summoned his tigers and stood on his chair, rising above the crowd.

"As is customary in Invidia," Léon had blared while Bonee climbed on the lunch table, "commitments shall be respected by all." Lampee circled L'amant as if he was a tiny, scared rabbit while Léon opened his arms; purple, ethereal curtains unrolled around his shoulders. "Grizzly Bear is committed to me . And you'll respect that," he drawled, summoning his battle staff. Léon spun his weapon over his head and brought it down with a loud thud on the table. When he did it, a dark-purple, curved blade materialized from the tip of his staff. "So I suggest you keep your hands off... or I'll rip them."

me rip Rob would never guess if L'amant was convinced by the tiger roaring at his face, the one at his back, or the one holding the staff-scythe, but it didn't matter. The villain did obey Léon's order, breaking his hold on Rob and letting him go without as much as a moment's doubt—and that meant Léon's power wouldn't be ignored anymore.

did Not even by Léon himself, which made Rob very satisfied.

very The scene was met with cheers and laughs that multiplied as a scared Roberto scrambled to take refuge behind Léon. Many of the villains in Invidia had never seen Léon's powers before, so the almost-confrontation between Reality Warp and L'amant Doré kept circling in Invidia's break room for weeks, as the villains' new favorite gossip.

Almost two months later, Satina still teased them because of it—and she did so with pleasure, knowing well how much it bothered Léon and pleased Roberto.

Now, though, she kept her coffee midway to her lips, frozen in surprise.

"Wait. You're shitting me, right?" Satina said.

"I'm not," Léon answered with a chuckle.

"A damned alleyway? That's where you first made out?" Satina turned around to glare at Roberto. "Where's the fucking romance, dude? I gave you specific directions and a list !"

fucking specific list Rob let out a loud laugh. "It was a moment's decision. Léon dragged me to that alley and kissed me—and I wouldn't stop him to buy gardenias and wine."

"Holy Lady, give me patience," Satina muttered.

"Oi! There was plenty of romance later on. I took him to the best restaurant in town, didn't I? And I am very romantic."

am

"True, but..." Léon furrowed his brow and turned to his cousin. "Satina Viveka Dickens Hamman, did you or did you not help this dork seduce me?"

"Huh. So your middle name is Viveka," Rob said. "I thought you're just taking the piss."

is Satina raised an eyebrow. "I wasn't joking if that's what you meant. And I told you already, my dads couldn't agree on a name, so they decided to—"

joking "And now you're ignoring me!" Léon interrupted.

Mary, sitting on the fourth chair in the room, clicked her tongue. "Well-well, wellie-ellie. You're all very cute, but I'd suggest keeping your willy-willies in check. You lost our meeting with Iara back then, and you lost it again today. She was furious . Tell them, Tiny!"

furious With a grimace, Satina crossed her legs and raised her hands like a scale. "She's gonna either dismember or kill you , I'm sure."

dismember kill you With a deep sigh, Mary gave them a grave nod. "It was scary ."

scary The joy disappeared from Léon and Rob's expression. Léon shifted on Rob's thigh, and the latter wrapped his arms around him in a protective embrace.

"Is that why there are so few people here today?" Rob asked.

The group was sitting in a corner of the empty break room. Invidia was oddly deserted that day.

Mary shook her head. "Oh, no. Nica said Lady Burgàrus wanted to talk to us about something important. She wanted to show us something."

Rob stretched his back, and Léon slipped to the side, falling on the seat beside him. "What do you think? Killed or dismembered?"

"Maybe both." Léon offered him a weak, worried smile.

Something cold and dense turned around inside Rob's stomach, bringing a nasty sense of fear to his chest. He tried to laugh it off, but couldn't.

What if Iara had discovered his plans?

Anacronica's voice came from the entrance. "Lady Bulgàrus is ready for you."

Rob swallowed hard. He tried to read some sort of warning or advice on Anachronica's expression, but he found none. "Is this about...?"

"No." Anachronica stepped back to give way to Satina, Léon, and Mary. With a gesture, Anachronica urged them to go first. When they were out of earshot, she turned around. "Here," she whispered, fishing something from her pantsuit pocket. She placed the permir chip in Rob's palm and pierced a cold gaze through his eyes. "We've found a location. There's an encrypted map in one of the files and two possible hideouts. You take it from here."

Rob stared at the permir chip as his eyebrows rose. He had almost forgotten about that! It was so good to be with Léon, and Iara's targets have been so fair lately—corrupted politicians, drug smugglers, people smugglers, dirty-business tycoons, and the eventual crazed Heroic League superhero—that he had almost forgotten about this .

fair people this Shite. Couldn't Anachronica have forgotten about it too? Celena and Toni were dead, anyway.

Rob cleared his throat and schooled his expression. "Took you long enough. Two entire months—if my sister is still alive, I'll be a very impressed man indeed."

There was the edge of a joke in his words, but Anachronica didn't laugh. Rob closed his fingers and tried to recoil his arm, but she held his wrist. Anachronica took a step forward to whisper a sharp, "Don't make me regret this, Roberto."

The fragrance coming from the coffee room and the soft flowery perfume Anachronica was using should be soothing and warm—but her tone and the many threats hidden behind it were nothing short of terrifying.

should "You won't," Rob said. "I'll get her powers back, as I promised."

Anachronica let him go and nodded. She stared long and good at his eyes and took a deep breath. "We'll see." The next moment, she rushed to catch up with the others.

Rob pocketed the chip, keeping his eyes down.

They followed through the spacious corridors in Invidia and then to the narrower, darker arteries around the HQ's heart. After a long while, instead of taking a right at the lowest underground floor, Anachronica led them to their left.

"I thought we're gonna see Iara," Satina said.

"You will," Anachronica answered.

"What is this place, Nica?" Mary asked with a smile.

Anachronica stopped in front of a narrow, wooden door painted in blue. It seemed ancient and out of place amid all the technology inside the HQ. "This is Iara's dungeon." She pointed at the door and said, "Go on in. She's waiting for you."

***

*** AN/ Hey, love! Thank you so much for reading this chapter. I hope you're enjoying the story. If you are, please remember to vote and to invite a friend to read it with you! ;)

AN/ Hey, love! Thank you so much for reading this chapter. I hope you're enjoying the story. If you are, please remember to vote and to invite a friend to read it with you! ;) We're starting to see a little more of Rob's intentions and secret sources. Will Rob find his sister? Why is he trying to unlock Léon's powers? And whose powers Anachronica wants him to restore? >8)))

We're starting to see a little more of Rob's intentions and secret sources. Will Rob find his sister? Why is he trying to unlock Léon's powers? And whose powers Anachronica wants him to restore? >8))) There's a lot more to discover in the next chapters. It's already July in New Continent, which means we're getting closer and closer to our Prologue... and I can't wait to see your reaction when we do!

There's a lot more to discover in the next chapters. It's already July in New Continent, which means we're getting closer and closer to our Prologue... and I can't wait to see your reaction when we do! BTW, I'm so sorry for taking so long to post this chapter. I've been through a tough couple of weeks, but everything's better now.

BTW, I'm so sorry for taking so long to post this chapter. I've been through a tough couple of weeks, but everything's better now. Here's an illustration of Rob and Léon, as a thank you gift for your patience and support:

Here's an illustration of Rob and Léon, as a thank you gift for your patience and support:

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





thirty-six: a guest


— Mary —



— Mary — — Mary —

"Holy shit. I don't wanna be locked up!" Satina turned around and set her pleading eyes on Léon. "We have to do something!"

Léon didn't answer. He made a sound—a snort mixed with mumble—and turned away, focusing on the descending steps of the plasmetal staircase.

"I wouldn't let Iara lock you up, Tiny-iny," Mary whispered.

Satina reached for Mary's hand and pulled her close in a protective way. Tightening her fingers, Mary smiled at her friend and earned a pat on the back. I'm here with you , Satina's eyes said.

I'm here with you Poor Tiny-iny.

She wouldn't be this gentle if she knew the danger she's in. Little did she know of what Léon could do. And of what Mary could do. Holy grains! Satina had barely scratched the surface of what she could do; how could she know of the monsters trying to claw their way out of Mary?

she Smiling, she brushed a thumb on the back of Satina's hand.

Satina reminded her of Giovanna, her best friend before her powers awakened. Giovanna was beautiful like her, but a tad taller and a lot sweeter. Still, both of them had this aura of... innocence and motherly care. And neither knew what kind of danger holed up within those around them. Giovanna's ignorance was her demise; Mary just hoped Satina's luck would be different.

Life taught her she wasn't very lucky, though. Mary learned it while she watched Giovanna and the others die, as one of Papa's enemies held Mary's ugly long hair, tugging at it as if she was a rabid dog in line for execution. As she screamed and cried, and as her blood throbbed in the veins of her neck, she let her monsters out for the first time. And as beautiful as the golden dust was, wafting around them and piling up on the corpses like snow, Mary knew how menacing it was. She knew she would lock her friends' souls forever—and her enemies' souls forever—and she would feed them, or refuse to feed them, after each new kill.

Still, she smiled. She couldn't help it.

"Well, I'm sure Lady Bulgàrus will be as gentle as always." The others chuckled while Mary completed, "Everything will be okay."

After all, Iara still had a hole inside her. She could try as much as she wanted, but in that state, Iara was no match for Mary—and Mary would never let her touch Satina, Léon, and Rob.

never "I don't reckon we should be worried," Rob said. "We didn't do anything wrong... besides taking a while more than normal to come up with new plans, that is."

"Can't you come up with something, Bhalu?" Léon asked.

Even in the darkness of the descending stairs, Mary sensed the smile on Rob's lips and the way his body heated. After Léon explained the nickname, Rob had the same reaction every time Leo used it. Cute and cuddly bear . If Rob knew how hungry those strong feelings made her golden dust feel, he would at least try to control himself.

Cute and cuddly bear try Rob shook his head. "I'm afraid I cannot, Tiger. I took you to the only two places I was sure we could get in and out alive. I know of others, but I honestly have no idea of how protected they are."

He lied, Mary was sure of it. And it hurt her sweet, little, cold heart. Why did Robbie feel this need to be untruthful? Weren't they a team already? Shouldn't they trust each other? Satina would be heartbroken when she discovered it.

lied, "But I'll try to come up with something. I might have a place in mind," Rob completed.

Maybe heroes-turned-villains were just different like that. Maybe, unlike what Mary first thought, Robbie would never let go of his orders-following side.

never

Maybe he would betray them in the end.

"I'm sure Iara will help if we ask her nicely ," Mary said, smiling.

nicely Rob scratched his neck. "You don't understand , Mary. It's not that easy."

understand Her expression soured. "Oh, Robbie-bear. I understand it perfectly. In fact, I understand a lot more than you can imagine." Her smile broadened. Seeing the doubts in Roberto's eyes, Mary completed, "Mainly about coffee. I know a lot about coffee."

understand Rob sighed. He seemed so relieved it was almost funny. How, she wondered, could Léon, Satina, and—almost—everyone around them be so blind to how anxious Rob looked, half of the time? Sure, he was trying to change. Rob seemed to think for himself now... but not always. He still had old-Roberto written all over him.

trying seemed "Well, we're almost there," Léon said.

"Onward! Super-fast." Mary jumped down the steps, passing by the others to take the lead. "I'm super-uber curious to know what Lady Bulgárus wants."

The steps ended, and what came after felt strange . It was a large, well-lit room with wooden doors on both sides of the corridor. Metallic numbers were hung beside each entry, indicating one to 42. The floor was burnt cement, grey and lifeless with a scratched surface that implied many carts or furniture had been pushed through it. The light was pure ivory, but it shone almost yellowish on the villains' features, giving them an odd tinge of sickness.

strange In fact, this whole place smelled and looked like sickness.

this whole place "Anachronica said Lady Bulgàrus would be waiting for us in room 21," Léon said. "Let's go."

There he went again. The new Léon was firm and brave, and a lot stronger than the old one. He was a lot more dangerous, though... and he could break so easily! Mary would have to keep an eye on him, to protect his mind, heart, and those around him.

"There. 21," Satina said, pointing at the door. She stepped forward and knocked.

"Come in," said the voice behind the door.

It was dark inside—a darkness so thick and so dense not even the white-yellow lights in the corridor could pierce through. The room smelled like disinfectant, mixed with vinegar and formaldehyde. Something, somewhere, dripped without stop. Standing in the center of the blackness was Iara, shedding an aurora borealis of her own—the only light slicing through the room. Her hands were clasped behind her back, and her smile was crooked.

Mary knew the darkness and the colorful lights weren't real... Iara's powers, even if weakened, were just like that: like a light in a white room, so intense and bright that everything else was swallowed by it. Not that the others would ever see that, of course. Léon, perhaps, in the near future... but none of the others would. Not with their limited perceptions.

"Lady Bulgàrus," Satina greeted. She bowed her head in respect, then slipped her hands into her pockets. "Anachronica said you wanted to talk to— Holy shit! "

Holy shit! Rob's voice echoed in the darkness. Mary looked at him; his eyes were red. "What the bloody fuck is happening here?" he asked. "What is she doing here?"

Mary looked at the direction Rob was pointing, but there was nothing there. No auras, no powers, nothing. Still, Rob's countenance and body language changed. He was more of a beast than a man now.

"Calm down, Bear," Léon said, holding his arm.

"How can I calm down?" Rob asked with a roar. His voice was so violent and so loud, Mary's shoulders shivered. "Explain this, Iara, or I swear I'll—"

"You'll nothing, " Iara said, not even a hint of worry in her aura.

nothing, " Stop , Bear," Satina said between teeth. "You'll get us all in trouble!"

Stop "I don't care. Tell me what you're doing with her," Rob growled.

Walking around something , Iara approached them. She had a sad smile on her lips. "As irrational as always, I see. That's why you're so good at following orders."

something "Answer me!"

Iara clicked her tongue. "We're trying to help her, of course."

"I don't believe you. Tell us what is happening here. Now." Rob demanded with a growl.

Ignoring him, Iara locked eyes with Mary. "Stay with us, child. This is important."

Mary shrunk the smile on her lips. It was always fun to see people's auras change shapes as their moods swung back and forth. Still, she was curious to know who else was in the room. Mary closed her eyes; when she opened them, the darkness, the aurora borealis, and the ethereal red shapes around Roberto were gone, revealing a sterile-white hospital room.

Rob's face was still dark-red, though. Very angry, Mary thought.

Mary looked at the hospital bed behind Iara. She froze.

The woman on the bed was dressed in a thin moss-green hospital gown. Her feet and legs weren't made of flesh anymore, but of pure plasmetal, tied to the bed by thick stripes of leather. Her muscular, tanned thighs had thin metallic lines around her knees that followed up to her waist. She was sleeping, healed patches of skin stitched together on her arms and torso with the same metallic threads from her thighs. Apart from a deep cut that stretched from her forehead to her left cheek and a few already-green bruises, only a scratch on the lower lip marred her face.

"Wait," Mary said, prolonging that first vowel. "Is this really Fire Sapphire? What is she doing here?"

really "It is," Iara answered. "Celena, as you all can see, is sleeping. She's... waiting." Iara stopped and turned around to face them. "She's waiting for us to bring her back. And I'll need you for that."

you ***

*** Thank you so much for reading this chapter! I hope you're enjoying the story. ;)

Thank you so much for reading this chapter! I hope you're enjoying the story. ;) In this chapter, you learned a little bit about Mary's BG story. You'll soon learn even more about her and Satina. In fact, m any secrets will be revealed in the next chapters. Ready for it? >8)

In this chapter, you learned a little bit about Mary's BG story. You'll soon learn even more about her and Satina. In fact, m any secrets will be revealed in the next chapters. Ready for it? >8)





thirty-seven: Ida's Second dream


— Léon —

— Léon — — Léon — It took a while for Rob to calm down and a lot more for him to stop sobbing.

He had cried , and Léon wasn't sure if it was out of sadness, happiness, or something else. Truth be told, Rob was still a mystery to him most of the time. His intentions, his motivations, and everything about him—everything but his feelings—were shrouded. They had a connection, an undeniable bond, and intense chemistry. But what else did they have?

cried Honest conversations about dreams and goals weren't in the list, that's for sure.

Rob now wiped his silent tears as he kept his back to the rest of the group. Léon waited at his side, resting against the wall beside him while caressing Rob's arm.

After the little show Rob had put, the door to room 21 opened. Ida and Vinda Tweedle, the twins, entered the room and hugged Iara, then followed to the hospital bed to make sure their patient was stable. As they checked Celena's pulse, temperature, and the beeping machine beside the bed, Iara explained to Léon and the others how Celena McCockay ended up in that hospital bed inside Invidia.

It started three months ago when Ida Tweedle had a nightmare.

She was drowning in sludge, scared and alone, as a greenish-yellow stream of light oozed through tons of water—a fire burned above the surface. She could try to swim back up and breathe, but she couldn't feel her legs or arms anymore; she couldn't move. The little conscience she had was only focused on the beautiful way the fire moved above her. It danced, printing beautiful shapes underwater.

She was watching a fire under a sapphire sea. It was a fitting death for her; an end to years of confusion, fear, and hate. It was a beautiful, peaceful end.

Still, Ida woke up screaming. While the girl wept and trembled, she clawed at her arms and legs to shield herself from the coldness of the water—and to make sure her limbs were still there. Vinda, her brother, pulled her into a hug, held her wrists, and felt that distinct shiver. He was sure the dream was a premonition.

"This is too important to be ignored," he had said. "We have to tell Mommas."

Together, brother and sister went to talk to their mothers. They insisted Iara and Anachronica should go take a look at the ocean that night, so they could save someone's life. "Midnight sharp," they had said, "when the darkest of clouds rolls over the fullest of moons."

"It's vital that you save her," Ida said.

"It'll be hell on earth if you don't," Vinda insisted.

Iara and Anachronica were already in contact with Celena by then, and they knew she felt unsafe, but they'd never imagine something like that would happen. After the automobilist industry replaced the humans behind the wheel with machines, car accidents were as rare as plane crashes—and a car accident involving a super could only be caused by another super; by someone who could neutralize other people's powers.

Iara and Anachronica knew they shouldn't ignore their children, so, eleven-thirty on a cold Thursday, the couple left in their AV. They didn't know where to look nor what to look for, but the screeching of plasmetal and the violent sound of something hitting the rocks on the cliff below were enough to guide their way.

The two women stopped at the roadside near Nicola's cliff, thirty-something miles away from the luxury apartment complex they lived in. Iara left the AV and stepped into the cold, caustic drizzle of New Continent, rushing to the edge in time to see Celena McCockay passed out in the driver's seat. She was locked inside her AV, and the crumpled shell of plasmetal was sinking in the sea like a cage in shark's water, surrounded by blood-tinted, bubbly water and filled with the distinct, grayish shade of death.



Iara wouldn't have much time, and she knew it.

She jumped.

She was a half-fish, and fishes aren't afraid of the water—but the ocean that night was furious, and the fire that spread over the strange, pearlescent oil poodles around the AV was as dangerous for fishes on the sea as it'd be under a frying pan in the dry land.

Iara swam towards the sinking AV, but it all happened too fast. AVs weren't supposed to have oil; they were supposed to be safe—technology allowed that. Still, that shit exploded like fireworks in Atomic day and up went Celena's body.

In pieces.

When the shock wore off, Iara channeled her lover's power. It was weak if compared with the original, and even weaker than what it'd be if she was "still strong," as she said, but it was enough. Iara saved Celena. She saved what she could of her, and, with Silvia-the-AI's help, the twins managed to glue her pieces together using graphene, like a modern version of Japanese pottery.

what she could After Iara finished the story, silence reigned inside the room.

"Let me get this straight," Satina said. "Before the accident, Fire Sapphire contacted you and asked for your protection. She said she had information about The Mayor and about something dangerous that could affect the whole city."

"Exactly," Iara answered.

"But why did she ask you of all people? Does she know you're the Water Dragoness? Does she know you lead us?"

you Iara munched on her thoughts and paced around the bed. Finally, she looked up. "I don't think so, no. I am a philanthropist, and one of my social programs is all about fighting against domestic violence. Perhaps she thought I could help her in a more... legal way."

legal Satina bobbed her head. "It'd make sense to go for a by-the-book approach, then. She did say The Mayor was gonna hurt her, right? She , his only daughter."

did She Iara nodded.

Satina crossed her arms. She had the kind of expression Léon classified as dangerous . It was an almost-calm façade, with a shadow of fury covering her eyes. The corners of her lips curled down, the vein on her neck started to bulge, and the muscles on her arms and legs tensed. "Celena found out something about him, and he fucking tried to kill her."

dangerous kill "It seems so, yes," Iara said. "The official reports don't mention the oil in the water. Someone lied in their report, or some other one changed it. But more than that, Celena's strength should've been enough to protect her in an accident like this. Someone neutralized her powers shortly before the accident—and the only two people who could have done that are The Mayor and his chaotic counterpart, Jackal."

other "But Jackal can't leave OC; she could never have done it," Anachronica said.

Satina took in a deep breath and rubbed her face. "Holy shit, that's so fucked up. How are we the villains in all this?"

we Iara gave her a sad smile. "It's a matter of perception, dear. We're not boxes to be labeled, but people won't stop trying to. The wouldn't understand Invidia is a stretched hand, ready to do what's necessary when necessary."

when "I've seen and done some pretty nasty shite in my life, but nothing like this." Rob lowered his eyes. "Things might be different now if Celena and I had been following you instead."

you Iara's lips curled in a wicked smile. "You flatter me, Bear. But don't be so sure about that—I have no need for mindless goons."

A shiver crawled up Léon's back. He wasn't sure he was following that conversation, but those words seemed to affect Rob more than they should.



His shoulders tensed. Rob, his cheeks flushed in anger, cleared his throat. "Just... just bloody tell me what to do to help her."

bloody Iara and Roberto stared at each other. She walked to the back of the room and sat down.

"Please, children," Iara said.

Ida and Vinda squared their shoulders and stepped forward.

"Momma can copy other people's powers for a short while every couple of days. That's how she saved Celena," Ida said, gesturing to the woman in the hospital bed.

"But Momma's copy is not like the original. It's a chainsaw, opening a door that should only be opened with a key," Vinda continued. "Mainly with healing powers, it's very dangerous."

Rob frowned. "But she's alive and in one piece, isn't she?"

" Her body is," Vinda said.

Her body "But her life force is not," Ida completed.

"Have you ever stopped to think about what happens when we die, Roberto?" the twins asked in one voice.

Rob shuddered. Léon didn't blame him—the twins gave him the creeps too, and things were only getting worse with that conversation.

"No," Rob said.

"Many religions were created to explain what happens after death," Ida said. "But we're not here to tell you that. We're not allowed to."

after Rob, Léon, and Satina had the same expression of mocking disbelief on their faces. Mary kept her serious eyes focused on the twins, listening carefully to their every word.

"But what is really important is that, as we die, our Lifeforce , soul, or whatever you choose to call it, is pulled away," Vinda continued.

really Lifeforce "It's peeled off of our anchor of flesh. Depending on how we die, it happens before or after our physical deaths. It can stay there for centuries or seconds, few people know why." Ida raised her chin and strengthened her voice. "I've foreseen Celena's death, and I know her life force would still be shackled to her body at the bottom of the ocean for at least a couple minutes before being embraced by the unknown. And yet, seconds after the explosion, as Momma glued her pieces together..."

"... Celena's life force was stolen ," Vinda completed. "Someone didn't want her to be fully healed. Someone wanted her to continue lost , unable to share what she knew. Momma's presence changed their plans."

stolen lost "So," Iara said, getting up. "What I need from each of you is very simple." Her expression hardened. "Bring. Her. Back. I want to know what The Mayor intends to do with my city. And I want to know now ."

my now Satina scoffed. She looked around to her teammates and turned to Iara again. "What makes you think we can do it?"

Iara smirked but didn't answer. Mary did in her place.

"Robbie-bear, Léon, and I will do our magic." Mary's eyes set on Roberto, who nodded.

Satina furrowed her brow and said in a bitter tone, "And what d'you mean by that?"

Mary stepped forward and slipped a hand inside her golden bag. She took a pinch of glimmering dust and smeared it against the center of Celena's forehead. "I mean I can try to find it, silly billy. My dust is always-hungry, she'll always try to find lifeforce."

"Then Léon can take us to it. And I can ask Anhangá to lead Celena's lifeforce back to her body," Rob completed. His voice was hard and severe.

Still frowning, Satina asked, "And who the hell is Anhangá?"

the hell Mary grinned. "Oh, Tiny-iny. He's so much fun. You'll love him."

so ***

It was a tense, lone walk back to Invidia's entrance, even if Léon was among some of the people he loved and trusted the most in the entire world. As they talked about their new mission, Rob seemed to avoid contact with Léon at all costs. Mary, though, kept herself closer to him in a way she had never done before. She seemed almost worried about him, what scared the hell out of Léon's poor brain.

"So, I can use my powers to take you to where her life force is?" Léon asked.

"Yeah," Rob said. When Léon walked closer, Rob rushed forward, holding the side door open with his free hand. "It's not as trivial as it sounds, of course. We first need to find where Brash is keeping Celena's life force."

When they left the building, the sun was just starting to set. The streets around Invidia were filled with life and conversation, but the alley they were in was detached from all of it. The cold shadows of New Continent seemed to congregate around the figure that stood before them. His voice boomed in the dark street.

"I've been looking for you, son." It was a raspy and rusty voice, heavy with the same kind of sadness Rob seemed to carry.

"Brash," Rob said in a quiet tone.

Something cold whirled inside Léon's stomach. That was Brash McCockay, The Mayor, right in front of him.

***

*** Hi, everyone! Thank you so much for reading this chapter. Things have been hectic here, I'm sorry for taking so long to update. I hope you're enjoying the read! Things will get a lot more complicated (and steamy!) from now on.

Hi, everyone! Thank you so much for reading this chapter. Things have been hectic here, I'm sorry for taking so long to update. I hope you're enjoying the read! Things will get a lot more complicated (and steamy!) from now on.





thirty-eight: exposed


— Léon —

— Léon — — Léon — The shock for seeing The Mayor still hadn't worn off when a dense mist rose around Léon.

"Put on your ID concealers. Quick!" That familiar voice sounded like Iara's, but it was too far to know for sure. Léon obeyed. He covered his face with a hand and let the ID concealer do its job.

He raised his eyes. What had happened to The Mayor?

The Mayor's hair was disheveled, his shirt wrinkled, and his eyes sullen. He was lanky, and his sad, emaciated face had an oily, thin skin sunk around his high cheekbones. His voice was like that, too—a moss-covered iron maiden lost in the ocean.

"How ironic." The Mayor opened a bitter smile. There was a detailed white pistol with golden accents in the hand he raised. He used the tip of its barrel to scratch his right temple. Pandemonium was etched on the metal. "I followed a trail of crumbs to my daughter's murderers, and here you are, Robbie. With them." He set his puffed up and red eyes—the eyes of a man who had been crying for days—on Satina, Mary, and then Léon.

Pandemonium Rob's entire body tensed.

"Calm down, Brash." Rob raised his hands like a vet dealing with a mad dog. "You're mistaken."

The mad dog didn't care. "My ass, Robbie. I can find my children no matter what—I know Celena is here." His free hand dipped into the collar of his shirt and pulled out an old necklace, holding it as if that piece of jewelry was enough explanation. "This is never mistaken ."

know mistaken Léon recognized the necklace in Brash's hands, but he wasn't sure from where. Rob certainly knew what that was, though. He paled, taking a protective step forward to stand between Léon and The Mayor. "Listen, Brash—"

The Mayor scoffed. "You used to call me Dad , Robbie. We used to be a family." He leveled the barrel of his pistol with Mary's head. "And now you're associating with people like her , the one villain protected by public opinion. Ask her about The Sheriff, Robbie. Do you remember him? Does anyone remember him?" He opened an ironic smile. "I'm sure your parents and your sister would be very proud of you."

Dad her one anyone Something snapped inside Roberto. "You hold your bloody tongue, Brash. You have no right to talk about my family!"

no right " I'm your family, Robbie!" The Mayor shouted. "And I've been your family since you learned how to walk, you ungrateful bastard. We all were!" he barked, gesturing around with his free hand.

I'm walk, all A shiver crossed Léon's back. He raised his eyes to the top of the buildings around them and saw the unending number of shadows against the sundown. Heroes. The entire Heroic League was there, armed and ready. Guarding the mouth of the alley, closing it like a wall, was Cotton Candy.

entire Rob frowned. His lips opened and closed, and he staggered a step backward. "You... you are out of your mind," he mumbled. "Don't you remember our last conversation?" His voice was trembly and filled with emotion. "Don't you know why I left the Heroic League?"

know "I honestly don't, Robbie. But I guess I'm starting to see you're nothing but a murderous villain like the ones beside you now. First Toni. Then your sister. And now my little girl..." The words stuck in his throat. He sounded so honest and so hurt Léon almost believed him. But Léon had seen Celena's body, and he knew The Mayor was behind her accident.

almost knew Unfortunately for them, the Heroic League and the rest of New Continent had no way of knowing that—and Rob seemed way too shocked to say anything else.

The Mayor cocked his pistol and aimed it at Rob's chest. He took a deep breath. "Now raise your hands and surrender. I don't want things to be more difficult than they already are."



While The Mayor spoke, some of the heroes jumped to the street. The ones still on the rooftops raised their arms, and from their fingertips, a dense white fabric unveiled and floated, creating large triangular plates of energy.

They were building a dome.

Léon and the others would never run away if the heroes managed to close that thing!

"Bear," Léon called in a low voice. "If we don't get out of here soon..."

"I know, Tiger." Rob closed his hands into fists. "Run, I'll keep them busy."

"What? No." He reached for his arm. "Bear, no . I'll stay with you."

no The Mayor sighed. "You'll all stay together, child. None of you will escape." With that last sentence, The Mayor lunged forward, grabbed Roberto's neck, and growled, "I'll make an example out of you, big boy." He crouched for impulse as his tattoos lit bright red under his shirt. Then, he jumped, taking Rob with him.

"Let's get him back," Satina said, grabbing Léon's arm.

"There's no need to," Mary said with a smile. "He's coming back down. Look!"

Instead of looking, Léon jumped towards Satina and Mary, pushing them back in time to save them from being squashed by the two druids. Smoke and debris went up as Brash jumped backward, leaving Rob in the center of a small crater in the alley's cement floor.

Cheers echoed down the cold walls, and the white fog became denser. Loud, metallic clanks echoed from the sky while the plates formed a dome around them. The sound was like a ticking clock, counting down the minutes they'd have to escape.

Léon got up and tried to run for his boyfriend, but a hand stopped him. He looked back at Iara and saw his worry mirrored on her black eyes. When she approached him, more of that fog circled them, painting everything in greyish-white.

"We'll run before The Mayor discovers we're in this together." Iara let his arm go and used her now free hand to better hold the body in her arms. She was taking Celena with her. Why was she taking Celena with her?

Why was she taking Celena with her? Iara followed his gaze and frowned. "Weren't you paying attention, Warp? Her dad wants to kill her; I want us all to escape!" Behind Iara, Ida and Vinda stood, fright paling their faces. As much as Iara's arms were holding Celena, her whole body was a shield in front of her children. "Bear can hold The Mayor while Anachronica will take care of all the others. Let's go , we can't let The Mayor see Celena or me. I can't be involved in this!"

go "We're at Invidia, Iara. You own the building we just left. The Mayor already knows you're involved," Satina barked. Her eyes watered. "We'll be sent to OC's prison, and we'll rot there."

"Calm down," Iara ordered. "For all he knows, you could be here to steal something from Invidia. That's why we need to go. Now!"

But Léon didn't want to go. He shook his head no and turned around to run towards Rob, but he froze when he met The Mayor's red eyes filled with fury. The red in them pierced the translucent fog like a lighthouse of evil.

"I can see and hear you." The Mayor licked his lips and let out a dry laugh. "Oh, Iara. You fooled me, you really did." He opened a bitter smile as understanding flashed in his eyes. "Treacherous snakes, the both of you," he mumbled, looking from Iara to something at his feet. "I can now understand how you bastards managed to invade two of my most protected properties." He raised an arm and motioned for someone hidden by the fog. "But you'll pay. I'll lock you up. Both of you."

and " Impossible. How can he see through my mist?" Iara muttered.

Impossible. The Mayor sighed. "Hit them, Bras. Disperse the fog. Show everyone who Celena's murders are."



It started as a breeze, but not a moment later, a gale blew past them, so strong and violent, Léon was pushed back against Invidia's walls. When he opened his eyes, the fog protecting them had dissipated.

A group of heroes stood behind The Mayor, staring at Iara with hurt expressions of disbelief.

"Is it... Iara Bùlgarus-Cumin? The CEO of Invidia? The one with all those social programs?" Bras de la Justice asked.

"Can't be, she's a good person," The Ghosthunter continued.

"This is nonsense. She'd never do something like this," said Northumbria.

never "Must be a shapeshifter. That's it!" Alden Dandy concluded.

"Calm down, everyone," The Mayor said. He turned to Iara and asked, "What say you?" His hungry eyes rested on her. Filled with sadness, they turned to the unconscious Celena. Furious, they set on Iara again.

Iara squared her shoulders and fixed her posture as best as she could with Celena's limp body in her arms. Léon mumbled a foul word—that prop Iara was holding surely didn't make her look innocent.

prop "Are you asking for a verdict, Brash? Really?" she asked.

He smirked. "It's Judgment day, Iara. What say you? Yah or nay?"

Iara lowered her gaze, her lips tinted by the softest shade of scorn. She gazed at Celena, living-dead in her arms. Then, she looked at The Mayor.

Her voice was sweet and soft when she answered, "I say fuck you , Brash McCockay. I lost all the little respect I had for you when you tried to kill your own daughter."

fuck you The same heroes who questioned Iara earlier now turned to The Mayor. For a short while, there were doubts in their expressions. They all disappeared when The Mayor sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. He seemed unmoved by Iara's words; that idea seemed so ridiculous to him, it didn't even deserve an answer. He merely shook his head.

"We're tired of your lies and tricks, Iara. You... you two hurt me, you really did." The Mayor turned to his heroes and nodded, then pressed two fingers on his ear. "Your turn, sniper. Capture Iara—capture them all. And bring me my daughter's corpse," he said in a tired voice.

hurt What the fuck?

What the fuck? Léon closed his half-opened mouth. Brash McCockay was probably the best actor in that damned city. He raised his eyes to Satina, whose gaze was locked on the body on the floor. Rob.

best "He's getting up," Satina said.

The Mayor turned around, his eyes widened and furious. He slapped a hand on Rob's shoulder, gripping it. The Mayor hauled him up and dragged him towards the other heroes. "Do your jobs. I'll take care of this one."

Alden Dandy was the first to step forward. He took off his top hat, turned it upside down, and thrust a hand inside. From it, he pulled an elegant, wooden cane encrusted with multi-colored jewels. "With pleasure, Mr. Mayor." Dandy threw his top hat aside with a flick of his hand, then aimed the tip of the crane at Léon. "Duel me, good sir."

While an orb of pure white energy grew on Dandy's crane's tip, a thin red dot danced through the villains and stopped at Iara's chest.

At his back, Léon heard rushed steps approaching. Anachronica skidded, stopping beside Iara.

"Not on my watch ," Anachronica said, raising her hands. Like the red dome of her healing powers, two bright red circles formed at the palms of her hands. Numbers spread inside the circle, and three thin stems took form, pinned at the ethereal clocks' center. Anachronica pinched the air, holding the hands of the clocks. "You all need to slow down a little," she said while turning the stems anticlockwise.

watch

The heroes on the ground slowed down to a stop, thin ethereal redness covering them like mantles. The only ones who seemed unaffected were The Mayor and Cotton Candy.

"This is futile, Tátia," The Mayor said, his eyes resting on Anachronica. "Can't you see? You. Don't. Win." More and more of the metallic clanks sounded around them. The dome was almost completed now. The Mayor cocked the white pistol and brought it up, aiming it at Anachronica's chest. "You can't stop me. None of you can."

Léon recognized that pistol. It wasn't a regular pistol; it belonged to Antonio, The Gunslinger.

regular The Mayor's finger slid to the trigger. He pulled it.

Bang . The sound echoed up and down the alley, spreading like a sickness. It was a loud sound, a scary sound—one that spread pure, distilled fear into Léon's heart. But it also sounded... muffled.

Bang "Thank you," Anachronica said, raising her chin.

Rob groaned and wailed in pain while the green of his tattoos dimmed. He held the barrel of the pistol, covering the muzzle while thin white smoke escaped through the gaps of his fingers.

"I won't let you hurt these people, Brash," he said in a raspy voice. Trembling, Rob pulled his hand and held it against his chest while getting up to his feet. The smashed round on his palm still burned in bright orange, the metal mixing with his chewed flesh.

"We have to go, love," Anachronica said, turning to Iara. "I can't hold them much longer."

"Go!" Rob shouted in a pained voice. "I'll go right after you."

Iara nodded. She exchanged a glance with her children, then with Satina, Mary, and Léon.

"I won't," Léon mumbled.

" Trust him , Léon," Iara said in a whisper.

Trust him More metallic clanks. One more row, and they'd be locked up inside that dome.

Following Iara's lead and ignoring his own instincts, Léon turned his back at Rob. Trust him . He took a first step, then a second and a third—then Rob grunted. Léon turned around and saw Rob and The Mayor's fight.

Trust him Roberto Tapir, as powerful as he was, didn't stand a chance.

"I said, stand down! " The Mayor shouted, throwing him against a wall. The impact was so strong, Rob disappeared inside the building, buried within debris and smoke. "You dare to disobey my orders, Robbie. You dare to choose those people over me !"

stand down! dare me Léon gritted his teeth. "He can't do it alone."

Satina held his arm. "Cous, please. We don't have time. We have to go!"

"I won't abandon him." Léon jerked his arm from her grip. "Go!" As he said it, he saw Anachronica, Mary, Iara, and the twins passing through the limit of the incomplete dome. "Go with them before it's too late!"

Satina grimaced. Her eyes flicked back and forth until they stopped on Léon. "Fuck... fuck! I won't abandon you either."

fuck! Debris and dust moved and poured at Rob's sides as he got up again.

"Fine," The Mayor grunted. "I could've given her back. I could've healed her like I'm healing Toni. But no . No, you refuse to listen to me. You refuse me! "

healed no me! "No. You'd only break her even more!" Rob barked.

The Mayor growled, his lips trembling. "I have no use for petulant children." He brought the pistol up again and placed it against Rob's forehead. "Goodbye, Roberto."

Rob's eyes widened. He froze.

"No, stop! Don't get in there!" Anachronica shouted from a distance.

The Mayor cocked his pistol, and the sound seemed to echo on the dome walls when the last row of plates clanked against the others, closing any possible chance of escape. Léon, too shocked and too afraid to move, stood motionless while two blurred silhouettes rushed past him.

Léon closed his eyes and turned his face aside as another gunshot echoed in the dome. The sound was so loud and violent this time, it was softened by the ring in his ears. When he opened his watering eyes, his knees lost force.

Two things had happened in quick succession. Before The Mayor could pull the trigger, one of the silhouettes sneaked an arm around his neck and pulled him back while the other hugged Roberto from behind, pulling him to safety.

The shot met the bricks outside Invidia and blew large holes in several of the internal walls before it exploded, meters into the building.

"Wake up, Warp!" Phillip shouted. His strong arm was wrapped around The Mayor's neck, making his face redder and redder by the second.

"Holy shit, they're fast," Satina mumbled, unrolling her whips.

"Let... me... go!" The Mayor ordered, cocking the pistol again. Even locked in that headlock, he still aimed the gun at Roberto.

Satina's whip flew at The Mayor's wrist and rolled around it. She tugged it to save Rob again but sent a second shot at Invidia building's entrails. That second explosion must've hit something big inside, for secondary explosions followed the initial one, and large cracks erupted in the outer walls.

"Nice save, darling!" Medusa let Rob go and jumped to her feet, spreading her arms down. "But I'm afraid we'll soon have to deal with more than we can chew, so I suggest being quick." She let a no-number of vipers slid down her arms.

"Medusa, Red, what are you doing here?" was all Léon could mumble. Without his command, Bonee and Lampee appeared at his sides.

"You'll need us, little one," they said in unison.

While a pool of vipers formed around Medusa, slowly following to the still-paralyzed heroes, a shot of pink foam hit Phillip's back. He, even if covered by his waving shadows, cried in pain. A second, third, and fourth shots followed until he finally let go of The Mayor.

Cotton Candy lowered his cotton cannon and hung it at his shoulder. He looked... empty. Cotton strode forward to help The Mayor up, but before he could, Léon's tigers pounced on him, pinning him on the floor.

Phillip still wailed in pain—his back a sizzling mess of burnt flesh and showing bones—when The Mayor turned around to tower over him.

Brash McCockay looked like a monster. His face was as red as his eyes, and the glow from his chest tattoos shed an evil light on his angled, furious face. "I've had enough. You'll die ." The Mayor raised a free hand, ignoring the pistol in his other one. The tattoos on his hand awoken. The Mayor drew his fist back, preparing a destroying punch; he threw it—but before he could connect with Phillip's head, Rob shielded him with his body.

die From where he stood, Léon heard the sound of Rob's bones shattering.

As tears welled up in his eyes, he felt—more than heard—the scream that scraped his own throat. Léon's vision blurred. He spread his arms aside and roared with his tigers while the purple, ethereal fabric of his powers rolled down his shoulders and spread like wings.

And then, as if reality itself was commanded by Léon, folds in space trembled and rumbled, spreading colors and distortions of light that shouldn't exist.

He blinked—and when he opened his eyes again, he was home.

"Amma," he cried, tears rolling down his face. Léon ran to his mother and found a safe harbor in her arms. "Amma, we need help. Now!"

***

*** Hi, everyone <3 Thank you soooo much for reading this super-long chapter! xD

Hi, everyone <3 Thank you soooo much for reading this super-long chapter! xD Please vote if you liked it. ♥

Please vote if you liked it. You all, we're slowly approaching the end... but don't fret, there's still A LOT to happen, and we'll have some time to breathe in the next chapters. I know these last ones had quite a bit of action, hehe.

You all, we're slowly approaching the end... but don't fret, there's still A LOT to happen, and we'll have some time to breathe in the next chapters. I know these last ones had quite a bit of action, hehe. And... wow, 5k reads. We have to celebrate that. hahaha! I'll make a second Art Giveaway soon, so... be prepared, eh. ♥

And... wow, 5k reads. We have to celebrate that. hahaha! I'll make a second Art Giveaway soon, so... be prepared, eh.





thirty-nine: give it to that traitor


— Phillip Esposito - Red Menace —



— Phillip Esposito - Red Menace — — Phillip Esposito - Red Menace —

Fred's house; 17:37h — 23 minutes before

Fred's house; 17:37h — 23 minutes before Fred's house; 17:37h — 23 minutes before Phillip was still glaring at Fred's back while the latter searched through the kitchen drawers, looking for a clean rag. The now-flat holo TV showed the paused screen of Resident Evil XXIII. During a particularly nasty boss fight, Fred had jumped and hit their shared cup of beer, making it topple over and fall on Phillip's lap.

From the little balcony facing Brash Street came Eureena's high-pitched giggle and another wave of smoke, car horns, and swearing. It was a damn hot day of July, and Phillip was still going easy on Fred after his time in prison, so he hadn't felt as furious as he'd usually do... but Phillip Esposito had a reputation to keep.

He couldn't be understanding.

understanding. Phillip let out a deep, dramatic sigh. "I'm starting to get annoyed, partner. You taking this long on purpose?"

"I said I'm sorry , Phil! For fuck's sake, man... don't be mad at me," Fred completed in a small voice.

I'm sorry Shit . It was hard to stay serious when Fred whined like that. Phillip got up. With a fake angry expression, he stopped at Fred's side and stretched a hand to him. "Give me your shirt."

Shit Fred grimaced. "C'mon, Phil. That's my favorite tee."

Phillip raised an eyebrow. " Now ."

Now With a huff and a teary expression, Fred obeyed. He undressed and placed the still-warm cotton t-shirt on Phillip's palm. Fred clicked his tongue and leaned against the rehydrator, crossing his arms. His brown eyes were set on the Sailor Venus printed on the t-shirt.

"I'm not gonna damage it." Phillip smirked, using the black fabric to dry the large stain of beer on his crotch and thighs. He raised his eyes to the resigned sadness in Fred's face, then lowered them to his naked chest.

Phillip certainly enjoyed the little pleasures in life.

The balcony door opened with a rasp and a clack.

"Phil? You need to see this," Eureena said.

Normally, Phillip would answer with a joke or a snarky comment about being too busy, but Eureena's expression was lined with a shadow of worry the man couldn't ignore.

The smile left Phillip's expression. He followed Eureena to the balcony and into the sultry bubble of hot air outside. At the beginning of sundown, Invidia stood proud in the middle of the block, taller and more powerful than any other building in that continent.

But not for long.

There, in the shadow-covered gap between Invidia and the neighboring building, he saw the thin, white fog of Iara's main protective power.

"Shit," he murmured. "Can you see what's happening down there?"

"I can," Fred said. "Look."

Phillip turned around to see the other man increasing the size of the holo TV. On the screen, he saw the Mayor. He was a few blocks from Invidia, and considering the street clock, the video had been recorded a few minutes earlier.

"I've spent months searching without success," The Mayor was saying, "but the murderers were careless. Whatever darkness was concealing my daughter's body, it's gone now. And I'll finally discover who killed my baby."

"I've spent months searching without success," "but the murderers were careless. Whatever darkness was concealing my daughter's body, it's gone now. And I'll finally discover who killed my baby." "What the hell? Should this be on TV?" Fred asked.

"It's the League. They do whatever they want," Eureena answered.



"Shh, let me hear it," Phillip said.

"One thing's for certain: the guilt falls on a villain. And if any other villain tries to get in my way, I swear I'll have them locked up forever. From now on, whoever dares to use their powers against the people in my city will be thrown back on Old Continent and forgotten forever."

"One thing's for certain: the guilt falls on a villain. And if any other villain tries to get in my way, I swear I'll have them locked up forever. From now on, whoever dares to use their powers against the people in my city will be thrown back on Old Continent and forgotten forever." Before the video was cut, as The Mayor reached Invidia's side entrance, Léon and Satina's voice sounded in the distance. The camera caught The Mayor's surprised expression. As it morphed to fury, the image went black, and the anchor of NC news reappeared.

A deep silence stretched between them.

"Phil," Medusa murmured. "I heard Bureau and Warp in that damned video."

Fred's eyes grew wider. "Yeah. But you heard The Mayor. If we go there, they'll kick us to OC! Do you know how many of us will risk our hides to save them? Zero ."

Zero Phillip's gaze hardened. Fred was right, which meant one thing: "Yeah. But we're the only ones who can help them. It's time to pay our debt."

***

The alley beside Invidia – 18h sharp, 23 minutes later

The alley beside Invidia – 18h sharp, 23 minutes later The alley beside Invidia – 18h sharp, 23 minutes later The sun set on the horizon as the last row of metallic plates closed the dome around them. Phillip's back burned in an effervescent mass of exposed flesh, Bear lay immovable on the floor, and not even Medusa's power was able to hold the other heroes anymore.

The Mayor tugged at Satina's whip with ease, bringing her close with a violent pull, and down with a punch in her stomach. In a blink, he reappeared in front of Medusa and spread a hand on her face. As if she was a ragdoll, The Mayor threw her aside and watched with wicked satisfaction as her body bashed against the debris of the already-broken walls of Invidia.

"Holy fuck," Phillip murmured. His gaze flicked between the lumps of broken bones on Rob's back, the blood trailing down Satina's lips, and the pile of debris where Medusa had fallen. Phillip tried to get up, but his hand slipped, and he fell once again.

They were lost. They were all lost.

all The Mayor turned around and set his eyes on Léon.

"Leave him alone!" Phillip shouted. He wouldn't let Léon get hurt. Not again. His voice was coarse and painfully tinted with fear as he said, "You touch a hair on his head, and I swear I'll kill you." Phillip managed to kneel and did his best to get up on his trembly legs.

Without turning back, The Mayor said, "Hush. I told you to—"

He didn't complete his sentence.

Léon's eyes turned white. "You won't hurt them. I'll crush you if you do." His voice was deeper and darker, drenched with power. He opened his arms and a wave of pure power bashed against Phillip and all the others. Phillip fell again.

The Mayor scoffed. " Really ?"

Really The other heroes went back to action, forming a ring around Léon. Still, different than their leader, the "good" guys seemed nervous, staring at the white-eyed man with twitchy fingers and furrowed brows.

Instead of the worry Phillip expected him to display, Léon opened a smile.

The other heroes lunged forward for a synched attack, but a surge of energy pushed them back. Léon raised his hand palm up, then tensed his trembly fingers as the floor quaked.

"Who... are you?" The Mayor asked.

Three ethereal-purple claws erupted from the earth, each with at least two and a half meters of height. They sliced their way towards The Mayor, cutting all the earth, asphalt, metal, flesh, and bone in their way. Screams spread as Léon's feet left the ground. He floated above them while the claws multiplied, and his tigers joined the fight.



The Mayor jumped to avoid the massive attack, but the claws followed, cutting through the cement of Invidia building like a hot knife slicing through butter, and worsening its structural damage. Huge blocks of concrete detached and fell from the building. The cracks on the walls stretched skyward, bursting the windows on their way and spilling more debris on the ground.

The stench of sweat, smog, and blood made Phillip's stomach churn as the smoke from Invidia billowed towards the night sky.

The Mayor fell, and the claws followed, sharper and more menacing than Phillip would ever be. The destruction Léon caused... his powers, his face, his voice.

What the hell was happening? How was he doing all that?

hell Léon raised a hand, and everything stopped. The claws, the tigers, the heroes, the falling debris, the smoke— everything . The Mayor was stock-still on the floor, half-covered by blood and dust.

everything With a stoic face, Léon—or whatever that was—floated down until his feet touched the ground, then walked towards The Mayor. He bent forward, thrust his fingers into the old man's collar, and snapped the necklace from his neck.

that "You won't hurt them," Léon said. The biggest of the claws fell like a guillotine and stopped inches away from The Mayor's neck. "Will you?" With a wave of his hand, time resumed. The Mayor's chest started heaving.

Phillip never thought he'd see Léon Dickens threatening someone.

threatening "No... no, I won't," The Mayor answered. Recognition flashed in his eyes, and his lips twitched into a smile. "I... remember you, Legend . I'm glad Robbie found you alive."

Legend "Yes. And you..." Léon looked around, and his white eyes locked with Phillip's. Other than The Mayor, Phillip was the only one still awake. The only witness remaining.

Léon walked to him, his confident strides squashing pieces of cement.

Phillip was scared. He was frozen in place, wide eyes filled with terror, but as Léon approached and his wooden musk perfume reached his nostrils, Phillip's heartbeat went back to normal. Léon placed a hand on his cheek and crouched at his side. Those hands were warm and gentle, and they slid down to his neck, feeling his pulse, then to his chest, making a hot wave of familiarity embrace him. When Léon reached Phillip's hands, he placed the necklace on his palm.

"You'll give this to my loved one. Give it to that traitor."

Everything hurt inside him. His pride and his feelings for Léon hurt the most. "Why would I?" Phillip barked.

"'Cause if you don't, I will die," Léon whispered. He leaned forward and brushed his lips on Phillip's cheek in a chaste kiss. When he got up, Léon offered his hand to Phillip. "Come, I'll take you all somewhere safe."

With his breathing still erratic and his heart pumping a hot wave of desire through his body, Phillip managed to get up. Léon's hand gave him strength.

"Where are you taking me?"

"I'm taking all of you home ."

home Only then Léon expanded his power, swallowing Phillip, Bear, Eureena, and Bureau. After a heartbeat, as they all reappeared in Kaliandra's living room, Léon opened his eyes. They were normal—filled with fear and worry.

Only then And Phillip finally let his conscience go, falling hard on the floor.

***

*** Hi, everyone! Thank you so much for reading this chapter ♥ Please vote if you enjoyed it! :D It took me a while to finish this one because it's *filled* with small hints of what's going to happen next. 8D

Hi, everyone! Thank you so much for reading this chapter Please vote if you enjoyed it! :D It took me a while to finish this one because it's *filled* with small hints of what's going to happen next. 8D In this chapter, you saw everything that happened before Phillip and Eureena arrived, plus what *really* happens when Léon uses his powers--and in the next one, we'll meet a new character who might help us understand a little bit of Léon's past and how Rob is involved with it. I can't wait to share it with you all!

In this chapter, you saw everything that happened before Phillip and Eureena arrived, plus what *really* happens when Léon uses his powers--and in the next one, we'll meet a new character who might help us understand a little bit of Léon's past and how Rob is involved with it. I can't wait to share it with you all! P.S. Phillip Esposito, our resident a-hole, might be one of my favorite characters in the book. There's a lot more to him than what comes to the surface, so I hope you can give him a chance too! ♥

P.S. Phillip Esposito, our resident a-hole, might be one of my favorite characters in the book. There's a lot more to him than what comes to the surface, so I hope you can give him a chance too! BTW, here's our new cover, do you like it? :DDD



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





forty: like a river (Part I)


— Phillip —

— Phillip — — Phillip — Phillip came to. A faint smell of disinfectant and cureburn medi-spray mixed with the fragrance of clean bedsheets—a cheap, floral-scented softening one could only find in the most shitty grocery stores in New Continent.

He was definitely at Léon's place.

definitely With a gentle smile and a sigh, Phillip opened his eyes. His head was fuzzy, and his thoughts were confused, so he raised his hand to where Léon's head should be—rested on his chest, his beautiful fingers brushing his cheek, his naked thigh laying on his own in a cruel tease—but Léon wasn't at his side. No one was.

A rustling of fabric came from his right. "Phil! Are you okay?" Eureena.

"Rena," he answered, sitting up.

"Oh, Goddess! I was so worried!" She hugged him, keeping her hands away from his back.

"How the fuck did we get here?"

"I don't know, darling. I passed out when The Mayor attacked me. Everyone did, apparently." She narrowed her eyes. "Everyone except Warp. I mean... Léon ." She grimaced. "His mom could've picked a less french name."

Léon french "Don't let your father's prejudices get into your head, Rena." Phillip rubbed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose.

"Right, right," she answered in a low voice, matching his. "Anyway, Léon was the last one to pass out, and he said something happened shortly after we joined the fight. He managed to teleport us here, as he did with Silvia's room in Silverin Heights. Except, this time he brought us all the way across the city. I had no idea he could do that!" She shifted in her improvised bed on the floor. "And here I thought Grizzly Bear was the strongest among us." Phillip gave her a sour look, and she chuckled. "Sorry, darling."

teleport Grizzly Bear He huffed and raised his gaze to look for the others. Satina and Fred sat around the square table at the corner, Mary and the twins played with little Pietro, and Iara stood beside Anachronica, who was sitting on an armchair while Kaliandra checked her pulse. Léon was closer, kneeled beside the sofa, and holding Roberto's hand.

"Teleport, uh." Phillip licked his lips and stared at Eurenna. "He can do much more than that." Phillip breathed in. A hammer pummeled his head from inside and did the same with his back. The images he had seen during the fight were still etched in his memory, violent and terrifying. "I saw all the shit that happened before we were poofed here." His eyes flicked from Eureena to Léon, as if Phillip was worried he would hear them. "Some weird fuckery happened while we were locked in that dome, Rena. Léon is different. He... he seemed to be another person."

poofed Furrowing his brow, Phillip set his eyes on Roberto. "I think that's why that motherfucker came here in the first place." He bit his lower lip and leaned even closer. "It's because of Léon. That dipshit Grizzly Bear wants something from him—something related to his powers. Léon changed after Bear arrived." He took in a deep breath and held it. "I have to tell them," he whispered, breathing out.

something changed Eureena stared at him in silence. She sighed and lowered her eyes.

"Phil..." Eureena considered her words for a moment. She focused her brown eyes on Satina and on Phillip again. "I know how it feels. All right? It hurts, I get it. But you can't project that feeling of rejection on Léon's new boyfriend. It's not healthy, darling." She caressed his cheek. "If he doesn't want to be with you, you have to let go."

have His blood boiled, painting his cheeks with fury-red. "I'm not projecting shit!" he barked—maybe a bit too loud.

The others turned around to face him.



"He's awake. He's awake!" Fred said, rushing to him. He skidded, then pinned his knees on the floor beside Phillip. In his eyes and in the way his muscles tensed, Phillip knew he wanted to hug him. Still, Fred didn't. Instead, he asked, "What happened? I tried to run after you, but that dome was already closed. And I tried to talk to Rena about it, but she wouldn't tell me anything!"

Phillip munched on his words. He looked at Roberto, then back to Eureena. Her gaze told him to keep quiet about his suspicions.

He huffed. "The Mayor attacked everyone. It's a good thing you didn't enter, you'd have no chance."

"Ouch." Fred's shoulders slumped, and he leaned back.

Phillip chuckled. He got up while a white wave of pain spread all over his body; looking down, he found a layer of bandages circling his chest and parts of his arms. He eyed Kaliandra. "Thanks for this, Kali."

She grunted and said, "Thank Lady Anachronica and Léon, Mr. Esposito, not I. As you probably imagine, burns are easier to deal with than multiple broken bones or cranial trauma." She pointed at Eureena.

Phillip's eyes widened, and he looked at his friend with a questioning gaze.

Eureena brushed her hair behind her shoulder. "I'm fine now, Phil. Being around you surely made my head a lot harder."

He sketched a smile, then frowned. "Wait. If Anachronica helped me, why did Leo bandaged me? Shouldn't I be fully healed?"

Iara answered, "Took us a while to arrive here after we received Léon's message. Anachronica did what she could to help all of you, but her powers have a time limit, as ironic as it sounds. Roberto and Eureena needed most of her attention, so the rest of you had little time with her. None of you is fully healed, but you're all in good shape."

At least that explained the pain.

"So... what are we gonna do?" Phillip asked.

Léon sniffed and turned around, drying the trail of tears on his cheeks. His eyes met Phillip's, but he averted his gaze as if avoiding an aggressive dog. Phillip was the dog in this scenario—a dog that had never seen his owner cry before. And if Léon was really shedding tears, then Roberto meant a lot more to him than Phillip himself ever did.

a lot "We called someone who can help take care of you all," Léon said.

Not a minute after, the ring bell buzzed, and Léon let go of Rob's hand. He looked at the small screen beside the door and let out a sigh of relief.

"Amma, Rio's here," he said. Léon opened the door and waited for a short man to get in.

That Rio guy would barely reach his shoulder if Phillip were to get up; he was around their age, had pitch-black curly hair bleached at the tips, and unnatural, steel-cold grey eyes. His frame was strong, but lean—a miniature version of a professional wrestler. Light brown skin, thin lips, thick eyelids, flat nose. Phillip couldn't say where that guy's family came from, but he was pretty sure he had ancestors from all over the globe.

Rio "Hey, Leo. What happened, man? I freaked out when I heard your message. Came as soon as I could." Not only his looks, but his voice was great too. Not too deep, not too high-pitched. It was soft, well-articulated, and creamy; it was perfect and balanced, like salted caramel. Rio frowned, running his weird-gray eyes around the room. "Holy Goddess. What happened here? This place looks like an infirmary." His eyes stayed on Roberto for a moment more than the others, and Phillip could swear a crease folded between Rio's eyebrows.

"And that's why I asked for my favorite nurse to help me," Kaliandra said.

She rose from her chair, walked to the new guest, and hugged him like she never hugged Phillip. "Thank you for coming, Gregorio."



Rio looked even shorter beside her. Hell, he was probably shorter than Léon!

"It's my pleasure, Kali." He hugged her back, popped a kiss on Pipo's forehead, another on Satina's, greeted the others with polite words, and turned to face Léon. "I brought everything you asked for. What you need me to do?"

"I want a hug first," Léon said in a low, jelly-like voice. "Then, I want you to help Amma look after the others."

Rio let out a chuckle and opened his arms. "Come here."

Phillip used every ounce of self-control in his body to move his gaze away. It hurt like a motherfucker... Léon wouldn't even accept to be his friend, and yet, there he was. Asking for hugs from a guy he had never even seen before.

seen He could be Léon's friend. Phillip couldn't.

He Léon told Rio the watered-down version of the truth, saying they were caught in the crossfire of a gang fight. And while that was sort of what happened, he never told him they were part of one of them—instead, Léon created a detailed story that could only be described as a huge, ugly lie. Léon wanted to keep their identities a secret, that much was clear.

"... And Phillip, too," Léon completed, snatching his attention again. "He tried to intervene but was hit. He'd be much worse if not for Roberto."

Phillip blinked and focused again on the conversation.

"His back was burned with acid or... something," Léon completed, nodding towards Phillip.

"Okay. Kali?" Gregorio called. "What do you say?"

"I'll focus on Rob and Eureena," Kaliandra said. "Their situation is much worse, and I have more experience with bone fractures. You help Phillip and Tiny. Start with him, he's a lot worse. In many ways," she completed in a whisper.

Kaliandra's distaste, Léon's distance, and the way they clearly loved Roberto made something twist in Phillip's chest. It was too much.

clearly It was way too much.

way Rio nodded and walked towards Phillip. He kneeled beside him and brought his hand up to touch his forehead, but Phillip slapped it away.

"Keep your distance, you piece of shit," he growled. There he was. The aggressive dog.

"Show some respect, Phillip!" Léon growled, eyes wide.

"Show some gratit ude, Léon! Who came back to help you all, uh? Who risked his life so you'd have the chance to escape?" And who are you avoiding like the plague? "Me. All me! You'd all be dead if not for me!"

gratit And who are you avoiding like the plague? dead "Yeah? And who helped you ?" Léon's face reddened, and his eyes sharpened.

you Phillip clammed his mouth shut. Léon pointed at Roberto, his weak fingers trembling with anger.

He was right.

Roberto's face was bruised, cut, and still smeared with blood. He had saved his life back there when the Mayor was about to punch him. A bone-breaking punch on Grizzly Bear's super-strong body would be a head-drilling hit on Red Menace's face. Considering what had happened to Roberto, Phillip was pretty sure he'd be dead by now if not for Roberto.

Phillip licked his lips and looked down; his shoulders slumped.

Léon raised his chin in victory. "Go ahead, Rio, do what you need to do." He turned around and walked to Kaliandra and Pipo's room. "I'm tired. I need some sleep," he said in a low voice. The door shut with a loud bang behind his back.

need Iara and Anachronica left to check the situation in the city; The Twins and Kali went for a walk with little Pipo while Fred, Eureena, and Satina went to the market to prepare a meal for their little army. Passed-out Roberto, deep-sleeping Léon, wound-cleaning Rio, and sulking Phillip were the only ones left in the small house.

When the wall clock showed five-thirty, Rio got up and took his latex gloves off, tiredness spread all over his face. "All done." He threw them in the bin and reached for the clean shirt Léon had lent to Phillip. "Normal cureburn medi-spray wasn't working," he said while he helped Phillip to dress up. "So I prepared a homemade version of it that can cause a few collateral effects, such as a high increase in—"

"I don't care." Phillip jerked to the side to free himself from Rio's hold.

"As you wish," Rio muttered, watching with satisfaction as Phillip struggled to finish buttoning the shirt. He turned around, and his eyes set, long and heavy, on Roberto.

Phillip buttoned the last row and frowned. "Do you know him?"

A flash of anger crossed his face. Rio adjusted the collar of his jacket and flattened the folds of the shirt underneath it. "I know he's a hero. And I know I don't trust his type."

The corners of Phillip's lips curled up as an idea pierced his mind. "I thought you were stupid, but I guess I wasn't completely right." Rio rolled his eyes, and Phillip chuckled, getting up from his seat. "We'll see, though. Let's go for a walk, c'mon."

completely ***

*** Hey, you. Thank you for coming back! ♥ If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote. ♥♥♥

Hey, you. Thank you for coming back! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote. I spent the last few days with my family, preparing to move to a new home, so I didn't have wifi to post anything new. I'm sorry i.i

I spent the last few days with my family, preparing to move to a new home, so I didn't have wifi to post anything new. I'm sorry i.i I'll make it up to you now, though. I'm preparing a nice Holiday gift for you all. Are you ready? 8)

I'll make it up to you now, though. I'm preparing a nice Holiday gift for you all. Are you ready? 8) See you soon!

See you soon! Ligia

Ligia





forty-one: like a river (Part II)


— Phillip Esposito - Red Menace —

— Phillip Esposito - Red Menace — They left Léon's place and walked in silence in the desert of Ragged street. A new day was dawning, and the city was starting to wake while their steps bounced on the dirt and ugliness of that place. Phillip stepped into a shadow-covered alley and gestured for Rio to follow, his eyes freezing cold. Before his hesitance, Phillip sighed.

Swallowed by the darkness, he stretched a hand and placed it on Rio's face, brushing a gentle thumb on the thick stubble covering his chin. Phillip whispered, "It seems I wasn't completely wrong, either. You really are stupid, Gregorio."

are Rio stiffened under his touch. Before he could step away, Phillip slipped his hand down and closed it around Rio's neck like a crane, yanking him into the alley. He bashed the short man against the wall and reached for the dagger sheathed at his back. The metallic sound of metal against leather filled the place.

Without success, Rio thrashed around, trying to break free. "I just treated your wounds! As messed up as people describe you, I never thought you'd be this much of a fucker, Red Menace ."

Red Menace Phillip raised the dagger and pressed the blade against Rio's neck, his lips stretching in a cruel smirk. He was mildly impressed Rio had managed to recognize him. Then again, his daggers were a legend in that city.

Dim stripes of néon light painted their eyes in hot pink and blue, while the sunrise dipped everything else in shades of orange.

"Well, it seems I'm even worse than you thought," Phillip said.

"That's pretty clear." Rio's lips curled up. "But I was prepared for that." His eyes slid downward, licking their way to Phillip's lower abdomen, where a long needle awaited, inches away from his skin. "I made this cocktail myself. One prick and you'll nap like the Sleeping Beauty—for a week."

Phillip gritted his teeth. "You're good with this medicine shit."

"I'm the best with this... medicine shit ." His smile was untouched.

medicine shit Phillip grunted and furrowed his brow. He stared at Rio's eyes and shivered before the steel-strong intensity of his gaze. With a huff, he lowered his dagger and sheathed it. "All right. No weapons, then. Take that away."

Rio shook his head. "You lost the little trust I had in you, Phillip. Raise your hands."

Phillip scoffed and obeyed.

Leveling the syringe with his heart, Rio stepped back towards the main street. "Léon and Kali still need me, so I'm going back. You're not . If you follow me, I swear—"

not "You're going nowhere," Phillip interrupted, making Rio freeze. The first lowered his hands and stepped forward.

"Stop. I said, stop! "

stop! "No," Phillip answered. Rio wouldn't hurt him. He was a nurse and a good person; he wouldn't have the courage . "Not until you tell me everything you know about that piece of shit sleeping on Léon's sofa."

courage A crease folded between Rio's eyebrows. His eyes lingered to the side for a moment, then set on Phillip's.

"Who said I know anything about Roberto?"

Phillip stepped even closer. "Your eyes did, partner." His voice melted and lowered when he drawled, "Tell me. You're Léon and Kali's friend, aren't you? You want to protect them, don't you?"

Without answering, Rio spread a hand on Phillip's chest to stop him from coming any closer. The fingers holding the needle lowered slowly, almost as if refusing to hurt him.



"Roberto is changing him. You saw it, Rio, just like I did." Phillip stopped for effect; Rio nodded, so he continued, "If I told you what I saw in that fight a while back... if you knew what happened!" He huffed, pursing his lips to avoid continuing. "I can protect him, Rio."

changing Silence.

"C'mon, partner," Phillip insisted. "You don't want to leave Léon with someone like him , do you? The way you look at Roberto... it's clear how much he disgusts you."

him "Gregorio."

"Huh?"

"It's Gregorio for you. We're not friends, and I don't like you using my nickname."

Gregorio Phillip scoffed. "Alright, Gregorio. Will you tell me what you know about Roberto or not? Cause I'm itching to see that motherfucker get what he deserves."

itching Rio stared at Phillip in silence. Finally, he sighed; his shoulders slumped. "I was there with them from the beginning, but I can't tell you anything. The only ones who know what happened in the past are Roberto... and Léon himself. But there's something you can do. Something I'm... too weak and too afraid to see through. Something that might hurt you. Beyond repair."

The faint sound of traffic down in Begony Avenue was the only thing filling the silence between them.

A cat jumped down a rusty iron staircase and rubbed against Phillip's leg. He lowered a hand to scratch the cat's back, and then took a deep breath, squaring his shoulders. "Tell me what to do, and I'll do it."

"Even if it means losing part of you?"

"If it means saving Léon... yes."

Gregorio narrowed his eyes and studied him for a long while. He moved the hand with the syringe, and Phillip's instincts kicked in. He held Rio's wrist and twisted it, pushing him and pinning him against the wall. Rio grunted and let go of the syringe, grimacing.

"You're hurting me!"

Phillip's eyes widened; he loosened his grip. The sudden scuffle and the proximity made his heart race. "You tried to attack me. It was self-defense."

"I was going to pocket the syringe, you brute! Let me go!" Rio looked up, and his dark locks danced under Phillip's breath.

He swallowed hard. Phillip hadn't been so close to another man since Léon broke up with him, years ago. Kisses? None. Make outs? Not for a second.

"I'm sorry," Phillip muttered. There was an uncomfortable heat under his belly button and a terrible idea dancing in the periphery of his thoughts.

"Wait, what?" Rio asked.

No. Control yourself! Phillip let go of Rio's wrist but didn't step away. The latter seemed to notice, for the anger in his eyes shifted to something else.

No. Control yourself! It was dark in that alley and silent in the streets as slices of a brightening-orange poured around them.

"Apologizing after showing how much you care about Léon makes me think you're not as bad as you seem," Rio said.

That was the second time someone seemed to believe in his good side. Léon was the first.

"You'll tell me what to do," Phillip announced in a definite tone. He swallowed whatever ideas were circling in his mind, then turned to face Rio. "Won't you?"

Gregorio was smiling. Why was he smiling?

"You must be joking. Right? You can't have a good side after all the shit you've done for the past ten years. You're broken ."

broken

That hit him hard, like a hammer to the chest. Of course he was broken... but he wasn't always like this.

Of course Once, long ago, he wanted to be a hero. Things just... went wrong .

wrong In the first mission he had set for himself, Phillip tried to help the police catch a group of robbers. The toughest of them all was a teenage girl with wavy brown hair, fire powers, and killer blue eyes. She was a good martial artist and a great acrobat, but Phillip was better... and angrier.

After winning a hard fight against her and the others, Phillip chained them to their van and waited for the police while the small crowd around him cheered and clapped. One boy managed to escape his mom's grasp and rushed to Phillip.

The bandit girl, a few years older than him, had tried to melt down the chains with her fire trace and earned a half-hearted warning stab from Phillip. His blade hit the side of the truck and bore into it, inches away from her head.

"Quiet now, little salamander, the police is on its—" was all he had managed to say before the strong smell of chemicals reached his nose. His eyes flicked to the side of the van and locked onto the slit in the metal where his dagger had plunged. A green, poisonous smoke poured from the cut, heavy and cold. When Phillip pulled his blade free, he saw the symbol of toxic waste in the barrel he had hit inside.

One spark and the van, loaded with barrels as it seemed to be, could make the whole block go boom .

boom The girl smirked. "Let us go, or I swear I'll kill everyone in here. You have three seconds to decide, hero. Three..."

Phillip gasped. The gathering crowd still clapped, oblivious to their imminent death. The police were still too far, pushing their way through the blocks of people.

"Two..."

He wouldn't die; he could use his shadow as a barrier. But the others... all the others!

He all the others! "One..."

The little boy had reached him and placed a hand on his thigh, smiling up to him.

Phillip panicked. The girl raised a hand and prepared to snap her fingers—but before she could, her whole body froze, then quivered as life left her eyes.

The world stopped.

Trembling, his eyes wet and his movements rusty, Phillip pulled the dagger from the girl's then-corpse and cleaned the gush of blood on his face. He turned around to look at the boy; the crowd wasn't clapping or cheering anymore. The people screamed, the boy cried, and Phillip's career as a hero ended, then and there. He had killed someone in broad daylight. People saw him do it.

saw Monster, they had called him. And Phillip still felt like one. He could've talked to her. He could've stunned her.

Monster, He could've... tried.

The very next day, Anachronica appeared at his door. "We know what really happened," she had said. "Come work with us, Phillip. No matter what happens, you'll always be a menace to them. You'll never be their hero. Be ours ."

menace ours Not being a hero was precisely what had pushed his name so high up in Invidia rankings. And yes, while he deemed some murders justified, like the gang who kidnapped and sold children to brothels—and the priests who visited them—others were just... practical. Poor souls in the wrong place at the wrong time.

There was no recovering his soul from that, was it? As guilty as he felt and as much remorse eating him up, he couldn't be forgiven, could he?

No. Rio was right. Phillip was broken.



And there was no way out.

As if reading the anguish in his face, Rio's expression softened. He patted his shoulder. "But if you have a good side... you can always make up for your wrongdoings, Phillip. I know your mom, and she's one of the best people in this wretched city. Talk to her—I'm sure she'll know what to do. She can help you, man. Look for help, Phillip."

have His lips quivered. He wanted so much to believe that. He focused his eyes on the weird-gray of Rio's gaze, and his chest warmed, as did his flushed face. Like grating gates, the entry to his heart swung out and stopped ajar.

Once again, he felt like the eighteen-year-old young man facing an impossible decision with consequences he couldn't foresee.

"Will you help me?" Phillip asked in a mutter. Slowly, he bent forward until his chin was supported on Rio's shoulder. "Please?"

you Rio hesitated. Phillip could never guess what was rushing inside his mind, but he felt the gentle hand that slid up his arms and stopped at his back. "If there's really something good inside of you... and if there's a chance to help you and Léon at once, I can't say no." He patted the back of his neck.

A surge of warmth blanketed his chest. Phillip moved his face to the side and pressed a shy kiss on Rio's cheek. His voice softened as a hot wave of longing washed over him. "Thank you, Gregorio."

"It's not going to be easy, you know. The thing for Léon and... changing. It will be harder than anything you've ever done." Rio tipped his head back to look onto Phillip's eyes.

The gray wasn't weird anymore. It was beautiful... and so very tempting.

"Yeah," Phillip said.

He wasn't sure how much time they simply stared at each other, but Phillip moved first. He inched closer, looking at Rio in search of permission. Gregorio nodded once, and Phillip closed the distance.

He took a deep breath against the other man's neck and pressed his waist against him. Rio's eyelids fluttered closed; his lips parted. Phillip pressed his lips against Rio's, kissing him with that painful urgency only a lone person truly knows. Tongue and teeth clashed in a not-very-good kiss while Phillip's thigh met the center of Rio's legs, making his body curl, weak, hot, and wanting in his arms.

One of Rio's hands followed down, while the other slip up, clawing at his back. Phillip winced and leaned backward, breaking the kiss with a grimace.

"Careful!"

"Sorry," Rio said. "I forgot about the burns."

Phillip licked his lips with a deep breath and stared at those beautiful-gray eyes in front of him. His mouth watered and the lower part of his body ached in pleasure in a way they haven't done in years. Rio believed in him. Rio could like him!

like "It's... okay." Phillip let out a hot breath filled with pleasure and pulled Rio closer once more. He kissed and sucked the path from his lips to his ear—and he couldn't help but notice how much he liked the way Rio rubbed his bulging crotch against his thigh. "Do it again, Gregorio. Hurt me again," he whispered against his ear, slicing a smirk on Rio's lips.

Hurt me "You like to be hurt, huh?"

"Perhaps."

And... hell, that was wrong, but as Rio lowered his lips more and more, working on his jeans' buttons—and sometimes biting the warmth of his thigh or clawing at the soreness of his back—Phillip leaned back and closed his eyes, picturing Léon on his place. Later, as he pulled Rio up and turned him around, pressing him against the wall, he said



"Good job. Now it's my turn. Prepare yourself, Tiger."

Maybe Rio was right. Maybe Phillip liked to be hurt.

liked ***

That thought still circled his mind as they walked back to Léon's house.

"... And once you do it, he'll have his memories back," Rio completed. "He'll know who to trust."

"Right. Leave it all to me."

Phillip took a deep breath. He was appalled with what Rio had told him and even more with what he'd have to do. Still, he was thankful for his help. Phillip's hand slowly caressed the back of the nurse's neck while Rio kept one of his arms looped around his waist.

They stopped in front of the window showing Léon's living room. In the horizon, the dark shapes of the Murilean Manors loomed behind the squeezed houses while kingbirds and flycatchers crossed the morning sky.

Rio slipped like silk from Phillip's side to his front and looked for his lips, kissing him with a wet , weird , and warm familiarity that made his skin crawl and his chest tighten. Rio looked at him, and his gentle lips curled in a soft smile, making his heart thump. He stepped back, and only then Phillip noticed the way he was holding him, his hungry fingers keeping him close with desperation.

, weird Rio believed in him. Rio would help him be a good person.

Rio believed in him. Rio would help him be a good person. Before he could think about his actions, Philip slid his lips up and pressed a very long, very thankful, and very tender kiss on Rio's forehead.

He froze. Phillip's feelings couldn't be this easy to change, could they ? Why was he acting like this?

easy ? His gaze flicked to the side, and he met Léon's surprised expression behind the glass of his living room. Phillip's body tensed; his sweetness went sour.

Shit.

Léon shouldn't have seen that. What would he think? What if he thought Phillip didn't love him anymore?

"What's wrong?" Following his stare, Rio looked to the side, opened a sad smile, and took a step back. "I won't say anything if you don't."

He couldn't be seen with Rio. He needed to push him away. Fast!

"There's nothing to say." Phillip cupped a gentle hand on Rio's cheek and drawled, "We're doing business, Gregorio. I'll follow your instructions to the letter, and you'll make sure you'll keep quiet about what I'm about to do." He raised a single brow, even if that was the last thing he wanted. "You know this meant nothing to me, right?"

Something dark and distant flashed in Rio's eyes. He scoffed, lowering his head and taking a step back. "Of course."

Phillip forced a smirk. A monster. A menace. That's what he was, nothing else. Rio would give him up, eventually. Phillip knew it. "But, hey, you're not all bad on your knees." He slid his hands into his pockets, a smug expression on his face. "Still... if you ever have the chance to give head again, mainly to me, show more enthusiasm, man. You're a little too—"

knew That sentence was cut short when a fist connected with Phillip's face. He growled in pain and staggered backward, holding his nose with both hands. Phillip chuckled, then cackled as a thick trail of blood ran down from a cut in the corner of his lips. His face ached, but his chest and his eyes ached even more.

Behind the window, Léon furrowed his brow and turned around, disappearing towards the front door.

"I never thought you'd have the courage!" Phillip said with a breathless laugh, fake cruelty downing on his features.

Rio didn't answer. He flared his nostrils, then cradled the hand he used to punch Phillip. It was smeared with a small stain of blood and red with the impact.

"It hurts you as much as it hurts me, but that's just how things are," Phillip said with a sigh, wiping the blood with his sleeve. He softened his expression and straightened his back.

Phillip could never get involved with another man again... he was so afraid to. They all left eventually. Rio would, too, just like Léon. What was the point of even trying? It was better to keep fighting for Léon.

so Rio swallowed. Hard. He studied Phillip's eyes for a long while as if trying to read past his words. Then he sighed...

There. Rio had just given up, hadn't he? Phillip wasn't worth the effort, was he?

"You know what you have to do, Phillip. Go in there and do it. " He turned around to get inside, but stopped in his tracks. Without turning back, he completed, "And don't you dare change your mind about that."

do it. Phillip cracked a sad smile, his gaze lost into the horizon. "I won't."

Believe me, it's for the best.

Believe me, it's for the best. ***

*** *** Might be just me, but I think the alleys in New Continent are quite... populated . 😂😂😂

Might be just me, but I think the alleys in New Continent are quite... populated . 😂😂😂 Messenger3838 thanks a lot for reading and voting <3 I hope you're enjoying the story, this chapter's dedicated to you! ♥



Messenger3838





forty-two: mind. heart. mouth.


— Léon —



— Léon — — Léon —

His hand folded around the entrance doorknob. Léon yanked it open with violence and a tinge of theatrical drama, letting a gale of cold morning air invade the small living room. He opened his arms, waiting for Rio, but the nurse walked past him and followed directly to Satina, calling her with a gesture.

As he walked with her to Kaliandra's room, Léon turned around and furrowed his brows. "What did you do to him?"

Phillip sunk his big hands into his pockets and snickered. "Nothing, I swear. It's not my fault if the guy is as soft as pudding." He smirked, sharing a gaze with Rio. The latter stopped at the door for a heartbeat. Instead of answering, he sighed and disappeared into Kali's room.

A low groan stole Léon's attention. He looked to his left and widened his eyes.

"Rob!" Léon rushed to the man lying on the sofa and held his shoulders when he tried to get up. "Stay put. Your wounds barely healed, Bhalu."

"How can I hold you if I don't get up?" Rob sat on the sofa and let out a ragged breath, pulling Léon by his nape until their foreheads met. "I'm so glad you're alright, Tiger." He tugged at his waist, forcing him to sit on his lap, cradled and safe in his strong arms.

Léon closed his eyes and hid his face on the curve of his boyfriend's neck. Rob's heartbeat sounded strong as he leaned back, laying again on the sofa—but this time with Léon on top of him.

"What are you doing?" Léon asked with a laugh.

"Keeping you close. We're taking a nap together."

With a chuckle, Léon tried to get up. He supported a hand on his chest to get up, but Rob winced and groaned in pain.

"I'm sorry! Where does it hurt?"

A soft smile spread on Roberto's lips. He placed a thumb between Léon's eyebrows and pressed, sliding it up to soften the frown on his face. "I'm alright, my love."

Rob pulled him to a kiss—a wet, slow, and passionate kiss that spread shivers all over his body. Léon slid a hand across his chest while Rob tightened his grip, a hand groping the inner, warm part of his thigh, pulling it with up with such hunger that—

Someone cleared their throat.

"There are children here, boys."

Léon opened his eyes and jumped to his feet, making Rob groan painfully again. Anachronica stared at them with her arms crossed, her eyes narrowed into a slit of mischief. Behind her, Phillip, Rio, and the others kept their faces turned to the side, too embarrassed, blushed, or furious to look at them. Satina was the only one staring, a proud grin on her lips. She raised a thumb, winking.

"S-sorry." Léon looked at Roberto and smiled as that big bear of a man hid his face with an arm, the visible part of his face as red as a tomato.

Iara walked forward and rested a light hand on Léon's shoulder. "Let the pleasure for later. We still have much work to do."

"What's the situation in the city?" Rob asked.

"Pure chaos." Anachronica uncrossed her arms and walked to the narrow holo screen, zapping through news channels. All of them showed images of massive, burning piles of debris. "This is all that remains from Invidia building."

"Holy fuck," Phillip murmured.

"The Mayor made sure to destroy everything. That shitfaced bastard," Satina said.

"He'll pay for it." Iara raised her chin. "But until then, we have no resources, no intel, and no way to communicate with the others. We are alone." She pinched the bridge of her nose. "In fact, considering Brash's threats, I doubt any villain would lend us their help, even if we could ask them. Now, more than ever, we must recover Celena's Lifeforce and uncover Brash's plan."



The silence in the living room became corrosive... for a while. A slurping sound came from the corner of the room, melting the cold seriousness around it. Mary sipped from a large mug, pure bliss smeared on her smiling face.

"Oh, dear Kali. Your coffee is exceptional !" Mary placed her mug on the table with a clink of porcelain, then cleaned her lips with a golden napkin. "In the confusion, then in the deliciousness of this coffee, I completely forgot to tell you... I know where Celena's soul is."

exceptional She raised her eyes and stretched an index finger to point at Phillip.

"He has it. I can feel Celena's fear coming from him."

Phillip was slouched on an armchair, one leg dangling from the armrest. When all eyes turned to him, he sat up like a scared cat.

"From me?" He thought for a moment, then his eyes flashed as if something came to mind. He jumped to his feet and reached for his uniform's jacket. Phillip dipped a hand into its pocket and fished a necklace. "This belonged to The Mayor. I..." He fixed his gaze on Léon and bit his lower lip. "You told me to give it to that traitor —your words, not mine." He walked to Roberto and locked eyes with him, smirking. "He was talking about you."

that traitor Roberto stared at what Phillip offered him. Traitor? Why on earth would Léon call Rob a traitor? Before Léon could say anything, Rob took the necklace, sitting up. The lightbulbs in the room flicked on and off, then weakened to a dim luminosity. After a few seconds, they became normal again.

Something was happening in the city.

"It seems whatever The Mayor has planned, it's already started," Iara said, a shade of foreboding doom downing on her face.

"Well... we have to rush, then." Rob offered a hand to Léon; his expression hardened. "Come, Tiger. We have a super to bring back."

***

"Are you really okay?" Léon zipped up his villain uniform and turned around.

"I am." Rob managed to slip his arms into his t-shirt, but the layers of bandages around them didn't let him raise it high enough to pass his head through. He huffed. "Tiger?"

Léon gave him a weak smile and hugged him from behind. He pressed a soft kiss on Rob's back and helped him with his t-shirt. Outside, a rivulet of rain trickled the window pane.

"Thank you." Rob slipped on his sleeveless trenchcoat. With a smile, he cupped a hand on Léon's cheek and captured his lips, wet kissing sounds filling the silence inside Kaliandra and Pipo's room.

Léon pulled back. As much as he tried to, there was no ignoring Phillip's words. "Before we go—"

" Traitor , right? You want me to explain myself?" Rob interrupted. When Léon nodded, Rob continued, "I can't explain all the rubbish Phillip creates in that hard head of his. If you want a guess, I'd say he's jealous."

Traitor That answer didn't feel right. Léon ducked his gaze and took in a sharp breath.

feel "Look... we can ask Phillip together once we come back." Rob brushed a lock of brown hair behind his ear. "Okay? Don't worry. I'm sure there's an explanation behind it, even if it's just Phillip being a dimwit tosser, as he always is."

"Yeah." Léon let out a weak chuckle. "Yeah, okay," he managed to say before the door opened at their backs.

Satina smiled at them. "We're ready. Léon, Buttface, let's go."

The lights in the streets and inside Léon's house kept flicking on and off while the humming and purring of the machines in the living room showed that something was wrong in New Continent's power grid.



Léon followed Roberto and knelt at his side, in front of the necklace that belonged to The Mayor. It was exquisite: an amethyst the size of a golfball encircled by thin filaments of gold that formed the branches of a tree. Léon's eyes widened.

"Wait. Is it...?"

"Yes," Rob said in a sweet voice. He covered Léon's hand with his and gave it a soft, knowing squeeze.

Léon's shoulders tightened; he balled a hand against his chest and shook his head no. It was the same type of relic that had unlocked his powers in the Heroic Club. Léon had lost control back then... what was stopping him from losing control now? Inside his home, with his family around? It was too dangerous.

Rob's hold tightened. "Oi. I'll guide you this time. I promise you won't hurt anyone, Tiger." As if that was not enough of a guarantee, Rob lowered his voice even more. "Anhangá will be there with us the second we start using the relic. He'll help us." He caressed his cheek with a thumb. "Trust me, Léon."

Trust. It was always a matter of trust. Yet again, he couldn't give it to Roberto, not completely. And he didn't know why.

"But I don't know what to do. I... what if... I mean, I'm... I'm scared, Bhalu." Léon's voice was barely a whisper.

A dovelike chuckle preceded the warm kisses Rob planted on his chin, then on his cheek, and finally on his lips. Léon thought he saw hesitance in Rob's eyes while he lowered the necklace, but it was gone the next moment. Rob's thick fingers strengthened their grip on the golden chain and brought it up again.

"I promise I'll be beside every step of the way." Rob ran a finger along Léon's collarbone. "Don't be afraid. I'm here."

Rob clasped the necklace around Léon's neck. When it's cold surface touched Léon's chest, his skin crawled.

"How can you be so sure this is going to work?" A weight lowered Léons's head until his chin touched his collarbone.

He frowned. Léon raised his head to meet Rob's eyes, but there was something different about them... a fire and a passion that wasn't there a moment ago. The weight around Léon's neck disappeared.

different Roberto smiled. For a moment, he was deep in thought, perhaps deciding if he should voice his next words or not. Finally, he got up and offered his hand to Léon. "I helped my sister use an amulet like this countless times to help her unlock her powers. She..." his voice faltered, but his resolve was like steel in the clear pond of his wet eyes. "She has the cosmic trace too, Leo. Like you... and like Antônio."

A chill ran down his spine; Léon accepted Rob's stretched hand and let his boyfriend help him up.

"Your sister had powers," Léon murmured. He wasn't sure if that was supposed to be a question or an affirmation; all he knew was that Rob had never told him anything about Rafaela.

"Yes. My sister was one of the most powerful heroes in New Continent. She was Cicinnurus, the legendary bird of paradise. The wisest of us all. And the bravest."

That made a lot of sense.

Antônio, the Gunslinger, and Rafaela, the Cicinnurus... they were both exceptional heroes. Of course they'd be blessed with the cosmic trace.

Léon was nothing like them. He would never be as great as they were.

Rob popped a sweet kiss on Léon's temple. Slow, hot, and provocative, his mouth slid to the side.

"I know what you're thinking. Don't . You're better than The Gunslinger could ever be... and I'm sure Rafa will love you." Rob pressed their lips together and smiled against Léon's.

Don't

As much as Léon tried to keep a children-approved behavior and a thinking brain, something in Rob's kiss was different. It was fervent, hungry, magical... and irresistible. Léon opened his mouth and let their tongues meet, feeling as his whole body heated and melted in response. Rob's hand rested at his lower back and ventured beyond, groping and pulling him closer as his lips slid down, his teeth softly grazing their way towards his shoulder.

"Let me mark you. To claim you as mine ," Rob asked against his ear.

mine A burning wave of desire washed over Léon. The sheer passion in Rob's eyes would suffice to make his heart race, but coupled with that request and the way he touched him, it transformed Léon's feelings into pure hunger. When their bodies touched and Rob's growing passion pressed against him, a moan caught in Léon's throat. He couldn't think anymore. Léon kissed Rob, his fingers sliding down those rock-solid muscles, then up under his shirt, pressing and caressing his body.

"Mark me. Bite me hard, Bhalu," Léon asked in a breathless tone, his fingers reaching the elastic band of Rob's underwear. Why couldn't he control himself?

Why couldn't he control himself? "Goddess, those hands." Rob bared his teeth and smiled like a beast. "This will give me great pleasure, sweet one, " he said in a husky voice. He pulled Léon even tighter against his chest, hovering his teeth over the crook of Leon's neck to—

sweet one, Wait.

Wait. Sweet one?

Léon's eyes widened, and he reeled back, covering his neck with a hand. "You're not.... him. Are you?"

Rob blinked a few times and let out a laugh. With an expression that mixed bliss and frustration, he buttoned his pants again. "You tell me. Look around you, Tiger."

Léon shivered as his eyes swept the room. They were inside Léon's living room—or something that looked like it—with the energy flicking on and off every few seconds. Still, the contours around everything seemed weak and wobbly, blurred like an unfocused lens. Also, there was no one in there but Léon and Roberto.

And... Roberto's face was... changing. Little by little, under the strobe-like light, his skin darkened and pointy bumps sprouted from his forehead. When the transformation ended, Rob wasn't there anymore.

"Anhangá!" Léon breathed out. He stumbled another step backward, eyes widening. He was so different!

"This is my true form. Or, rather, the way I want to look in this nether... and you just kissed me, sweet one. And your hands , ah"—he raised his eyebrows—"gave me such a delicious gift." Anhangá smirked. "It was as luscious and provocative as I remembered it." Anhangá's fingers slid to the corners of his mouth as if cleaning something that wasn't there anymore. "I'm so very glad gluttonous Roberto so gingerly gagged with your pleasure in his... mind. Heart. Mouth."

your hands He chuckled and turned around. "The taste still steals my thoughts, too often to be truly out of sight. Oh. Speaking of the devil, look who finally finished the crossing. What took you so long?"

"You bloody bastard!" shouted a voice at their side. Roberto—the real one this time—his face red and furious, approached them like a battering ham. Rob raised his trembly fist, grimaced, and lowered it again. "I can't bloody believe you locked me out just to... to...!" He growled. "You know you can cut our connection if you don't want to feel what I do!"

bloody "Roberto!" Anhangá spread his arms for a hug that was ignored. "Why would I ever do that, I wonder. As a willing, yet uninvited participant in our always-marvelous threesomes, I must confess I had not, in my wildest dreams, foreseen us three together in the flesh. So to speak." Mischief painted his lips. "What say you? Should I satisfy your many, many desires?"

Only then did Léon awoke from his shock. "Goddess, I'm so sorry, Bhalu! I thought...!"

"No need to apologize, Tiger," Rob said. His words weren't sweet, but there wasn't violence in them. "I know it's his fault, not yours."

his "Is it now?" Anhangá said with a smirk.

He reached forward to lace his fingers with Roberto, then used his other hand to tug on the fabric of Léon's shirt, pulling him closer. Anhangá was strong, bulky, and large like the trunk of a centenary tree. His face was gentle, thick eyelids downing slowly over his dark eyes. His slick, long, black hair fell with heavy weaves on his shoulders, embellished by feathers and seeds. As if linked with it, thin-lined tattoos ran down his muscular chest in parallel lines that followed down his arms.

Whatever native people Roberto came from, Anhangá looked like the origin and strength of it.

He smirked. "Imagine that, sweet Léon. Imagine having us two doing exactly what you want for as long as you want."

Roberto yanked his hand free and growled, "Stop! You're here to guide us to Celena, nothing else."

Anhangá shrunk his shoulders in a dramatic shrug and then smirked as Rob stormed off towards the door. When he was out of earshot, Anhangá looked at Léon and leaned in to whisper,

"Roberto has many secrets, sweet one. I told you only one of them. But remember, you have the power to know everything you desire." He opened a candid smile and offered Léon a crown of flowers, brushing a gentle finger on its purple petals. "Use it before it's too late."

***

But what a threesome that would be... A_A COUGH COUGH, I mean, thank you so much for reading!!! <3 If you enjoyed the read, please don't forget to vote and consider sharing this story with a friend! ;)

But what a threesome that would be... A_A COUGH COUGH, I mean, thank you so much for reading!!! <3 If you enjoyed the read, please don't forget to vote and consider sharing this story with a friend! ;) Love,

Love, Ligia

Ligia





forty-three: entertain me


Anhangá had dared to kiss Léon. He had fooled him. What's worse: that damned Entity knew Rob couldn't do anything against him. He was bloody weak without his cooperation.

kiss fooled weak No, not only weak. He was pathetic .

pathetic That made his blood boil like little else ever did.

As Rob digested what had happened, he stepped through the door and took in the sight around him. That place felt like a massive cardboard box inside which a child had drawn a neon-colored night sky. Stars hung from an invisible, black lid, their dashed lines shining while hand-drawn fireworks spat blue and green flashes of light. Shooting stars fell like shock-pink rain around them, splashing sand, warmth, and color—but no sound at all.

More than the place itself and its weird swirls of hue, the connection blossoming between the Entity living inside him and his boyfriend made him furious. He slowed down and assumed his rightful place beside Léon, between him and Anhangá.

"How are you holding up, love?" Rob asked in a whisper.

Léon hummed. There was unease and uncertainty in his smile and an edge of pain in his voice when he answered, "I'm feeling a bit lost. This place and everything about it..." He sighed. A shooting star bashed the ground in front of them and splashed their shoes with shock-pink goo. "It feels..."

"Weirdly uncomfortable, yet somehow so familiar you think it's always been a part of you?" Anhangá offered.

Léon stared at him. He walked as the lights in the sky painted his silky dark hair. An intense shade of purple shone overhead as if mimicking the color of Leon's power. Instead of answering, Léon smiled and bobbed his head, making Anhangá chuckle.

"How did you know that?" Léon asked.

"Haven't I told you already? I know everything , sweet one."

everything Rob swallowed. Hard.

Anhangá wouldn't reveal his secrets, would he?

Léon halted. He held Rob's arm to make him stop, then slid his shaking hand down, intertwining their fingers. He was pale, his brown eyes widened and unblinking. "It's here. You're not gonna like it, Bhalu."

Rob pulled Léon even closer under Anhangá's watchful eye. "Everything will be okay, Tiger." He looked around but found nothing; the scenery was exactly the same as moments before. Where were they?

were Léon rested his head on Rob's shoulder. "You know what would make me feel better right now?"

" Stracciatella ice cream and the smell of gardenias?" Rob answered, popping a kiss on the top of his head.

Stracciatella Léon chuckled. "Exactly." He nestled against Rob's body, lips curving in a tiny smile as he laced an arm around his shoulders.

"If it makes you feel better, I promise I'll have a box of ice cream and flowers ready when you wake up."

Léon smiled and gave a firm nod, taking a step forward. "Let's go, then."

When he said those words, an invisible cloak slid down before Rob's eyes, revealing a monstrous building behind a massive iron gate. The spiked rooftop was an open jaw, torn and welded upside down. Like gnarled claws, dry, black trees reached for the sky, scratching at the neon luminosity between the hand-drawn clouds.

The Murilean Manor had never looked this terrifying, and it had never made Rob's blood freeze the way it did at that moment. The hairs on his arms stood on end.

"Having second thoughts?" Léon asked.

Rob gulped, refusing to answer. He didn't want to admit how scared he was, nor how ridiculous he felt because of it.



"If you are, bitter boy, it's best to wait here," Anhangá said. "There's no space for doubts in that sick, strange place."

Léon stared at the Entity, then turned to look at Roberto. "I can go with Anhangá if you want. You could wait here."

Rob fumbled for an answer. "No bloody way I'll leave you alone with that... sexual... predatory... beast!"

bloody After a heartbeat in shock and silence, Anhangá let out a loud laugh while Léon clicked his tongue, caressing Rob's cheek.

"Says the Bear!" the first exclaimed, laughing even more. Anhangá dried imaginary tears from the corners of his black eyes, then heaved a delighted sigh. "Don't worry, Roberto. I am, although you sometimes forget it, an Entity with respect fiercely forged in every fiber of my flesh." He pressed a gentle, big hand on Rob's shoulder. "Now come. I can't wait to see if you can really best the challenges ahead." He stopped and smirked. "If you're not afraid."

Rob scoffed, following the other two. He pushed the thin metallic rods in front of him. The gates grated and caught on their hinges, but Rob heard nothing but their own breathing. Once he stepped through, however, the wild roar of fire consumed everything around him.

How could you? someone cried.

How could you? Rob blinked, and when he opened his eyes, there was a blue inferno around him. The rage and the repeated explosions quickened his pulse. His breathing shallowed, smoke invaded his mouth and nose, and the taste of burnt meat spread on his tongue like cold grease.

You're hurting him. Stop!

You're hurting him. Stop! He couldn't recognize the voice. It was deep and distorted as if coming from the other end of a collapsing tunnel—but it tugged at his chest, making him turn around. A shapeless shadow towered over him, staring at something. Rob followed its gaze to find a second shadow on the floor, coiling like a withering flower. Around the two shadows, a reflective, dark-blue river was lined with similar shapes. Human shapes, perhaps. Corpses.

Please, the voice cried, shaken by invisible tears. Please stop, you're hurting him. Please, please stop. I beg you. Please!

Please, Please stop, you're hurting him. Please, please stop. I beg you. Please! Remorse, sadness, and pain shot through Rob's chest, coming from a place he couldn't recognize. It was his fault again. The smoke thickened, and Rob gasped for air, clawing his chest and throat.

It was his fault again. I trusted you, Roberto. Why did you do it? Why?

I trusted you, Roberto. Why did you do it? Why? Why?

Wasn't it obvious? Because he thought it was the right thing to do. Because he wanted to protect as many people as possible. Because he was a hero and heroes make sacrifices—that's bloody why!

bloody But if that was the case... why was he feeling like this?

He grimaced.

What have I done? a new voice said. I am sorry. I am so sorry! Wake up, Leo. Please, wake up!

What have I done? I am sorry. I am so sorry! Wake up, Leo. Please, wake up! The bigger shadow dropped on its knees. It dipped its head back, opened a shapeless mouth, and wailed like a beast, its raspy scream echoing like a thousand, deafening voices. The sound was so sad, so filled with pain, regret, and guilt, that it pierced Rob's ears and gouged a hole in his chest, making tears to sprout from his eyes.

A hand silenced the scream when it touched his face.

"Rob!"

He blinked again, and the fire, the corpses, the noise—everything was gone. In front of him, Léon had watered eyes and a scared expression.

"Rob, what happened?"

He looked down at Léon's hands, balled against his chest. Rob took them in his, so much bigger and colder. What was that? It wasn't the past, it wasn't the present... would it be the future?



"Thank Goddess. You're awake, Bhalu. Are you okay? You stopped and paled, and I called out to you, but wouldn't wake up and—"

Rob held, then embraced him. Please, Goddess, don't let this be our future. The feeling of Léon's body safe and alive in his arms was the only thing that could calm him down. He tried to stop the tears from falling, but couldn't.

Please, Goddess, don't let this be our future. For a long while, they stood like this, shooting stars bashing the ground outside the opened gates of the manor until the trembling in Rob's body ceased.

"Bhalu," Léon called again.

"T'was nothing, my love." His hold tightened, and he turned to place a long, warm kiss on Léon's temple. "Just stay here with me for a moment."

Anhangá rested a hand on Rob's back. "Let's move on, bitter boy. Your super awaits."

Rob's posture stiffened, and he refused to move. With a tiny smile, Léon caressed his chest, swaying him to obey. "C'mon, Bhalu," he whispered. Still, Rob never let Léon go. He walked alongside him, keeping him in a tight embrace while Anhangá fell a few steps back.

The manor was massive as he imagined, but it seemed even bigger with all the destruction in its countless rooms. Destroyed chairs, ripped curtains, smashed china, torn wallpapers, shattered glass.

They found nothing for solid two hours when a shriek cracked the thick layer of silence around them.

"It came from the basement," Léon said.

"It always does," Anhangá said with a chuckle.

Léon rushed forward, escaping Rob's grip. He took a left, disappearing in the dark corridor. When Rob started in his footsteps, Anhangá held him.

"You've changed, bitter one," he whispered. "And if I didn't like our Tiger so much..."

"My Tiger."

"... I'd say I was glad." Anhangá's smile disappeared. "You have no idea how boring eternity can be." His eyes shone in a deep shade of red, and Rob's breathing caught in his throat. Anhangá took a step forward, his intense aura sending Rob back with the force of a hammer to his chest. "But I like your Tiger, so I'm not glad."

like not Rob's nostrils flared. His emotional was already fragile after that illusion with the shadows—or whatever that was—so Anhangá's admonition only made his blood boil hotter.

Yes, he had made a mistake when he decided to follow The Mayor. Yes, he had put his trust and faith in someone who proved to be a monster, and yes , he needed to fix that. He needed to free Rafa and make sure she was okay. With her guidance and Celena's help, everything would be okay again. They would stop The Mayor, and then he and Léon would finally be together. The past wouldn't matter anymore.

Yes, Yes, yes her Anhangá growled. "You know that's not that simple, bitter boy."

"Stop getting in my head!"

"You're putting him in danger... again!" Anhangá barked. Rob tried to walk away, but Anhangá gripped his arm, stopping him. "Listen to me, boy. There's no turning back after Celena wakes up—you'll either tell Léon the truth, or he'll discover it himself. The wheel is already in motion, so stop following your damned orders and think for once!"

think "Shut up!" Rob snapped back. His tattoos shone as he pulled his arm away. "No matter what, I'll have my sister back, I'll protect Léon, and stop The Mayor. That's all that matters."

Anhangá stared down at him, not saying a word.

"Hey, you two!" came Léon's voice. "I found her!"

"Well. The choice's yours," Anhangá said before leaving the room. "Don't say I didn't warn you."

***

In the middle of the basement, sitting in a simple chair, Celena waited in silence. Her hair was tousled and impossibly long as if she had spent decades in that place. Other than Celena, only a hospital bed occupied the room.

As much as Rob and Léon tried to talk to her, she didn't answer. Rob walked to the hospital bed and checked the files that lay at its feet. Covering the sheets of paper, from top to bottom, there was only one sentence, repeated thousands of times:

"Toni's not dead."

Rob gritted his teeth. The necklace belonged to Brash, and he was responsible for whatever psionic trap Celena was locked in. How could Brash do something like this? Rob took a deep breath to calm himself. Celena's lips were dry, her eyes deep in their sockets, and her body was as stiff as an ice cube. That wasn't his friend; it was only the hollow shell of a person.

Anhangá entered the room and rested against the doorframe.

"Help us!" Rob said.

With a sigh, Anhangá approached. He leaned in to whisper, "You meant what you said?" There wasn't poetry in his sentences anymore, only dry words of a worried man. "About defending the city, Rafa, and Léon?"

Rob glanced at Léon, but he was oblivious to the conversation. He was too focused on Celena, calling her with a sad voice that made his heart clench even tighter.

"Yes. I did."

Anhangá furrowed his brow, considering his answer for a good minute. Then, he uncrossed his arms and reached forward to touch Celena's shoulder. His skin darkened even more as he called forth his ancient power. Droplets of amber sap formed on his skin, then drifted up like a dozen little lights, flowing from him to Celena. When the amber pearls touched her skin, they were absorbed.

Celena closed her eyes and breathed in as Anhangá's essence flowed to her.

"I told you time runs differently in here. The poor thing spent decades alone." Anhangá bent forward to whisper something in her ear. He kissed each of Celena's cheeks, then placed a third kiss on her forehead.

"Now you," Anhangá said, turning to Roberto. "Can wake her up."

Roberto grinned in relief and stroked Celena's hair like a big brother. She opened her eyes. With a tiny smile and tears, she got up and pulled Roberto into a tight hug.

Later, Celena and Léon left the undimension through the same path they had used to enter. Rob was about to follow them when Anhangá's clawed hand closed around his wrist.

"I hope you know what you're doing, bitter boy."

Rob took in a deep breath. "Yeah." Then he said, breathing out the words, "I hope so too. There's no bloody way to undo what I've done."

Anhangá's lips sliced open in a satisfied smile. "I can't wait to see how this horror show is gonna end, Roberto. Nothing's more entertaining in this world than a mortal as powerful as your Tiger."

your As the world darkened around Roberto, Anhangá's smile widened even more. He bent forward and narrowed his eyes, saying against his ear,

"Go on, young traitor. Entertain me."





forty-four: Daddy's little plan


Holy cannoli! Thank you all so much for helping this story hit 7k reads! I hope you're having tons of fun. And prepare yourselves, this chapter will have loads of puzzle pieces and revelations. >8)

Holy cannoli! Thank you all so much for helping this story hit 7k reads! I hope you're having tons of fun. And prepare yourselves, this chapter will have loads of puzzle pieces and revelations. >8) Holy cannoli! Thank you all so much for helping this story hit 7k reads! I hope you're having tons of fun. And prepare yourselves, this chapter will have loads of puzzle pieces and revelations. >8) xoxo Ligia

xoxo Ligia xoxo Ligia — Celena —

— Celena — — Celena — Celena opened her eyes, and a wave of desperation washed over her.

The AV.

The AV. The controls aren't responding, I must jump... I must get out of here.

The controls aren't responding, I must jump... I must get out of here. I must survive!

I must survive! She sat up on that strange bed while a deep pang of fear pierced her heart. It was so strong and so noxious she needed to banish it. She needed to cry. Celena raised her fingertips to her cheeks and felt her dry skin, coarse like an old, long-forgotten book. The tears didn't come. She didn't have any.

needed Celena blinked, again and again. Her senses weren't working properly. Her sight was dark and blurry, there were pins and needles every time she touched anything, a long ring echoed in her ears, and her legs... oh, Goddess.

Why couldn't she feel her legs?

"What...?" Celena's voice cracked. Someone placed a cold glass in her hand, and she drunk from it without thinking twice. The foul liquid churned her tongue, then the path down her stomach, burning her insides. "Argh. What the hell is this shit?"

"It'll help you feel better, sweetie," said a female voice.

Celena's vision cleared, and the pain subsided, but she still couldn't recognize most of the faces around. "Might as well do, but it still takes like garbage."

"I like her," a black woman whispered to a bald girl at her side.

"Is she going to be okay?" asked a man behind them, caressing a long, brown braid.

"Soon, I hope," said a short man with piercing grey eyes. He produced a small lantern from the front pocket of his nurse uniform and checked her eyes. "She seems okay if only a little shocked. Kali?" he asked, turning around to look at an older woman.

Kali nodded. "The little ones did a good job patching her up. We can tend to her wounds if she lets us."

Celena wasn't in a place to refuse that, nor to demand her private doctor. In truth, all she wanted was to punch a hole in the wall and run, but... she was so tired.

so And so curious to know what had happened.

"Give her some space," said a woman with long wavy hair. Beside the woman, Celena saw Phillip, the commissary's son. What was he doing here?

Scratch that. Where was here? Who were those people? Was she... alive?

here? Celena pulled the comforters around her, covering herself like a scared little child. Two strong hands closed around her shoulders.

"Celena... can you recognize me?"

She turned to the voice as tears welled up in her eyes. "Robbie?"

"Oh, holly hedgehog," he said with a sigh, folding his arms around her in a tight hug.

It was always Robbie. As a teenager, every time she woke up after surgeries and medical procedures, he was the one to hold her hand and see how she was feeling. Not Toni, not Daddy. Robbie.

"You're gonna hurt yourself if you keep squeezing me like that, Robbie," Celena said between clenched teeth. Her powers weren't active, so the hug hurt her , but she would never admit that.

her

"It's like hugging a bloody boulder, I'll tell you," Rob said in a humorous voice, tinged with emotion.

Celena pinched his side hard, making him wince, then chuckle.

"It worked. She's back, she's really back!" he said with a grin, turning around to look at braided-man, who smiled.

really Back. That meant she was gone . Right?

gone Flashes of the accident invaded her mind, filling her heart with dread. The way her AV lost control, the shock against the metal guardrails, then the moment of suspension, right before she plummeted into the sea... and then the explosion, the fire, and the numbing pain that came with the red-tinted water.

Then, memories from before the accident came back. Everything she had discovered, all the information she had dug up, and finally, her conversation with Daddy.

before Oh, no.

Daddy, he... he had...

If she couldn't cry before, now she couldn't hold back her tears.

"Lena, what's wrong?" Rob asked. "Are you unwell? What are you feeling?"

"I'm... feeling anger. And pain! Daddy tried to kill me, Robbie." She shoved him away with a hard push. "Me!" she shouted, her voice cracking. "W-what's... what's wrong with our family? Things were different. We loved each other, what the hell happened?"

Pain flashed in Rob's eyes. "Lena—"

Celena looked around, a crease forming between her eyebrows. "What is this place?" She swept the room with her eyes and finally met another familiar face she could trust.

When their gazes locked, Iara took a step forward. Her fingers were laced with Tatia's while a soothing smile covered her lips. "You are safe, child. We helped you, Celena. Like I said we would."

Celena's heart warmed up. She wanted to thank them, but the words got stuck in her throat. She stretched a hand, and the two women took it, caressing her hair in a motherly, gentle touch. Roberto stepped aside.

Not much was said after that.

Iara introduced Celena to her children and watched as the teenagers checked the wounds on her legs. They explained how delicate her situation had been and how many hard decisions they had to make to keep her alive. Replacing her entire left leg and half of her right was one of them. They didn't know how her powers would be affected by that—if they would be affected at all.

As they spoke, many of the unknown faces left the room, maybe too scared or too embarrassed to keep listening to their conversation. After the medical appraisal, Iara told her about the accident, and Rob said what he and his boyfriend had done to recover her life force. When they finished, the only ones who were still there were Rob, the braided-man—who she now knew as Léon—Iara, Tátia, and the twins.

boyfriend Celena sipped the tea they had given her, then placed the mug on its saucer with a clink. She'd need at least a week to digest that conversation and even more to understand what was made to her body, but there was little importance in that. At least for now, she had to push that aside.

"Thank you for everything you did for me," she said to the twins. "And you," she told Iara. "And you," she completed, looking at Rob and Léon. "I don't know how you managed to do all that without powers, Robbie." She gave Rob a meaningful gaze. It was a precaution—something to discover if they knew about Rob's powers or not. "But I don't recognize you. You're not in the Heroic League, that's for sure. Who are you? Freelancers? Vigilantes?"

Iara opened a smile that didn't quite reach her eyes. "Well..."

Celena brought the mug to her lips and sipped again, turning her full attention to her.



"... First, you don't need to protect Roberto's identity. We know he is Grizzly Bear."

Celena's eyebrows shot up, and she almost choked on her tea. "You... what?"

Iara pointed at the twins, then to Tátia, and finally, Léon. "These are the Tweedle Twins, Anachronica, and Reality Warp." Iara raised her chin. "And I'm the one behind the villains in New Continent, Celena. I'm the Water Dragoness."

She stared at them in deep, frozen silence for long minutes while her brain worked. Under her scrutinizing gaze, Léon and the Twins cleared their throats, but Iara and Anachronica were impassive, waiting for her reaction.

Celena placed her tea mug on the bedside table, then joined her hands on her lap. When she spoke, her razor-sharp words sliced surprised expressions in Anachronica and the others—and a smile on Iara's lips.

"Good," Celena said. "I'll need every super I can convince to fight by my side if I'm to stop Daddy. Can I count on you?" She faced Roberto and stretched a hand to him.

"Always," he said with a smile, taking her hand. Something else shone in his eyes, but Celena couldn't quite identify it. Was it relief?

Pushing the thought aside, she turned to Iara. Months ago, if she knew her secret identity, Celena would be halfway to Silverin Heights with Iara locked in a cage, but now... she sighed. Now her father, leader of the Heroic League, was the greatest villain in the continent, while she sought the help of the lowest thieves she knew.

This was certainly a new level of irony, even for a girl of steel.

She scoffed at the thought, then turned her attention to Iara again. "How long was I asleep? I need to know how much time we have. When I left Daddy's lab to go talk to you, on the day of the accident, he was muttering about having about six more months of energy for his machine, so he needed to finish his plan before that."

energy "Two months of slumber, I suppose," Iara answered. She bent forward and sat beside Celena. Her eyes were hard, stone-cold as if empty of all emotion. "What's this machine you're talking about?"

machine Celena grimaced. "That means we still have four months left. We need to rush. It'll take time to plan and prepare everything, he's got the League behind him, and we can't just barge into his home." She tried to get up, but a wave of vertigo pushed her back in the bed.

"The machine, darling," Iara insisted.

Celena nodded and took a deep breath. "The machine I'm talking about is an abomination . Daddy was preparing New Continent's power grid for it. When he gets enough energy, he'll expand the potency of his Life-force absorbing plates to suck people dry. I heard him speaking to my brother's corpse like a madman. He said his former battery expired, and he's tired of searching for a new one, so he has no choice." She licked her lips and turned to Roberto.

abomination corpse She could recognize the emotion in his eyes now. The guilt was crystal clear, mixed with a wave of anger so intense it washed over her like a tsunami. The faces that remained in the room stared at her in shock.

"A... battery?" Rob asked, half speaking, half growling. His eyes flashed a dangerous red.

Exactly like her father's.

"That's what I heard him calling it," she said. "He never told me anything, Robbie. I had to dig it up myself. He has..." she groaned in pain, once again trying to slide her legs out of bed. "He has people on the ground looking for it. The Obliterator was one of them. Daddy would convince freelancers to help him and promise them a shitload of money if they came up with any info about it." She coughed and hacked, slowly getting on her feet. There were droplets of blood in the palm that had covered her lips. Unfazed, she cleaned it in her hospital garment.

"I've found conversations between Daddy and a huge number of freelancers in his permir chips. Cava, La Blanche papillon, Master of knives," Celena continued. "Even Doctor Brinn! They all worked for him. They all followed him . Blindly! One of them even had a lead on the damned battery thing... Master of Knives, I think. But he simply vanished one day. No one knows what happened to him."

followed him Léon stared at her with widened eyes, his face pale. He stumbled back towards the door and left the room, bashing the door at his back.

"What bit him?" Celena asked. Rob shrugged, just as confused.

"Léon is sensible, let him be with his thoughts," Iara said. "Do continue."

Celena frowned. "So Daddy wanting to be NC's soul ripper and let the whole city braindead is not enough for you?"

Iara arched an eyebrow. The warm façade of the socialite faded to show the soulless eyes of the Water Dragoness. "I did help to save the whole world once, and I survived a Nuclear apocalypse, amongst other things. This localized threat pales in comparison, darling. It's but one city." She narrowed her eyes. " One that I am, nonetheless, intent on saving."

did One "What mamma's trying to say," the twins said in unison, "is that you should tell us if there's anything else we should know, anything at all."

anything else "Things will be even more dangerous from now on," Ida said.

"We're all risking our lives," Vinda completed. "We could at least know what his intent is."

Celena stared at the twins and turned to Robbie again. "Yes, there is something else. In case I wasn't clear enough, Daddy plans to bring Antonio back at the expense of the whole city. We need to stop him."

need ***

*** OOOO:

OOOO: Thank you so much for reading! Please don't forget to vote if you're enjoying the story ♥

Thank you so much for reading! Please don't forget to vote if you're enjoying the story





forty-five: months in slumber (Part I)


*Massive* chapter ahead with a little thank you gift at the end <3 I hope you enjoy this chapter. Loads of love.

*Massive* chapter ahead with a little thank you gift at the end <3 I hope you enjoy this chapter. Loads of love. *Massive* chapter ahead with a little thank you gift at the end <3 I hope you enjoy this chapter. Loads of love. Ligia.

Ligia. Ligia. — The next day —

— The next day — — The next day — — Léon —

— Léon — — Léon — Léon drummed his fingers on his thigh. Amma's house was definitely too small for that many people, but none other than himself seemed to care.

He threw the bag of broken parts with the others. Satina had told them to check the old equipment they had stored at home. With luck, she had said, they'd find something to fix their broken gear. None of them had ever cared about it before—Invidia's storehouse had everything they needed—but now, in this state of emergency, they found nothing but old, malfunctioning pieces and chips that could only be used as a paperweight or impromptu poker chips.

"This is all we've got." Léon gestured to the pile of trash in front of him.

Rob shared a glance with Celena, and she stepped forward.

"I could help with that." Her legs still trembled at each step, but her eyes were filled with determination. "I have the forging trace, you know—the mythical blacksmithing—and although I can't use it right now, I will. Soon." She took in a deep breath. "It'll never be like your old gear, but... I can add my own touch to your powers. If you let me."

She gave Léon a nervous glance, then moved her eyes away, almost as if she didn't want him to see what she hid in her eyes.

Two things were clear by then. One, Celena wasn't giving herself time to deal with her feelings. And two, she knew something about Léon. For the first, he believed that, considering the situation they were in, taking action was far more important than crying over spilled milk. For the second, there wasn't much he could do.

"Good. One less problem to worry about." Iara didn't seem relieved, but the crease between her eyebrows softened. Her calculating eyes flicked from face to face. While at it, her majesty overflowed, and her body language changed; Iara wasn't in a small room in the worst neighborhood of the continent anymore—she was back at Invidia, sitting at her posh marble desk.

With a casual tone that didn't match her words, she said, "Celena will help us with our equipment and continue to counsel us against her father. You will search for metal scraps for her to work with." She looked at Léon, Satina, and Medusa.

You "We can do that," Satina said.

"I'm under your command," Medusa drawled, eyes locked on Satina.

Iara's eyes set on Phillip and Fred. "You will forget about your secret identities. Your affiliation with Invidia is still a secret, and you're well-established socially. I want you to use that to gather as much information as you can. We need eyes and ears on the streets."

forget "My followers can help with that," Fred answered. "I'll make a stream tonight. If anyone knows about anything, answers will start pouring in by eleven-thirty at xxxLordLoris's stream." He winked and finger gunned at Iara.

"Oh shit. You're Lord Loris? The pro player?" Celena gasped. "Holy...! Is Fred your real name? You don't have a villain moniker?"

shit. real "Who would think, right?" Fred said with a chuckle.

Iara cleared her throat. "Relay your discoveries to me , and I'll make sure to do what's best with the information."

me "I'm good with that," Fred said.



"Well, I'm not." Phillip crossed his arms. "This is utterly ridiculous. I can't believe you'll fucking let me out of the fight like an old, worried..." he trailed off.

utterly Iara shifted on her seat and narrowed her eyes, leaning forward. There was the edge of a threat in her voice, but the vicious glint in her eyes was enough to transform that edge into bone-chilling, open intimidation. " What did you say?"

What did you say?" Phillip gulped. "Nothing, I... just... agreed."

Kaliandra scoffed, eyebrows shot upwards. "Oh, wow. Now I get why my Léon likes you so much, woman."

Iara turned a surprised face to Kaliandra and—schooling her expression—faced Léon to give him a tiny smile.

"Right. Brilliant. But what about me?" Rob asked.

"You'll stay here and make yourself useful around the house," Iara said. "Help Ida and Vinda if you want. The important—and I don't think I can stress this enough—is that the Mayor saw you all disappear. As far as he knows, we are all dead... and that's exactly what we want him to think."

Rio shared a grim look with Kaliandra, who got up from her chair to address everyone in the room.

"Yeah, well." Kaliandra shoved her hands into her pockets and cleared her throat. "Uh. If what you want is to make The Mayor think you're all dead, I say we should dig up a few John Does in the morgue."

Léon was on his feet in a heartbeat. "Amma, no. If people discover—!"

"No one will discover anything , baby boy." Kaliandra's eyes steeled. "No one."

anything Iara studied the scene, her black eyes darting from Léon to Kali. When the silence had lasted enough, something wicked consumed her gaze. "I accept. Let's make a big show out of it."

big show — November - four months later —

— November - four months later — — November - four months later — The media repeated the news about the explosion at Iara's luxury apartment for weeks. Some said it had been an accident, some believed she was still alive, and some blamed The Mayor for what had happened.

When The Mayor addressed the people in his press conferences, he was calm and restrained. For a couple of days, people would mirror that... until someone stirred the subject again with a new piece of evidence—real or not—making the populace of New Continent flock around The Mayor like hungry crows.

someone Unfortunately for them, New Continent citizens had no idea what happened to hungry crows in that city.

When ordinary people started to disappear, the turmoil on the surface of that river of lies quieted down, and for a short string of days, things were... peaceful.

In those peaceful days, after long hours of scavenging through junkyards and collecting metal scraps, Léon, Satina, and Medusa would go back home and take scalding showers.

peaceful And while Satina and Medusa got closer, talking and laughing together, Léon... well...

Léon took a sharp, impatient breath as his eyes followed the tail lights of yet another police AV rolling on the street. His house was empty that night, with Pipo and Amma burrowed in uncle Marco's home on the other side of the city, and the others spread throughout New Continent for safety.

Someone had to stay here, though. Léon's place had become a base of operations for the villains, thanks to—as Phillip gently put it—the humbleness of the neighborhood and how unlikely it'd seem Iara would enter a house like this. Roberto, the always-eager-to-show-his-bravery Roberto, had stayed with him.



Those peaceful days were great to think, too. And Léon had a lot of thinking to do.

"Tiger," Rob called again.

Rob had arrived at Invidia on March 1st, and they ran their first mission together a few days after that. A week later, Léon was propelled from the last place in the rankings into a world of crazy powers he never thought he had, stories about his past, conflicted trust, and terrible secrets.

They had invaded the Hero's retreat—a club slash restaurant frequented and owned by heroes—where they found a real fortune. With that successful first mission, they changed the game in Invidia, making the villains target the heroes' weaknesses using Rob's knowledge of their systems.

Rob earned his place among the villains and made a fortune for himself.

But he wasn't satisfied.

"Hey." Rob kissed his temple, his growing beard scratching the side of Léon's face. "I miss your taste, love." His lips slid down to place a kiss on his earlobe. "Want to com'ere and let me love you a little bit? Or a big bit?" He chuckled.

big After the Hero's retreat mission, Phillip decided he wanted to join the party. With the teams working together, they planned and executed a heist to Silverín Heights, the most secure place in the whole Continent—or so Léon thought—with very different goals in mind. They managed to steal Silvia, the AI, free Fred, and keep most of the prisoners alive when the whole place was swallowed by the earth. Iara almost burst with pride.

It was after that heist that Rob and Léon finally got together.

But once again, Rob didn't seem satisfied. Rather, he seemed distant and worried.

Why?

Why? "You've been so quiet lately." Rob kissed his earlobe again, then the tip of his jaw and the crook of his neck. "Talk to me, Léon. I'm here for you."

On July 6th, 2047, the shit had hit the fan. The Water Dragoness was unmasked, and her real name printed on the screen of billions of gadgets worldwide. Newspapers, gossip magazines, and tabloids talked only about one person: Iara Bùlgarus-Cumin, the labeled Real villain in New Continent.

Real villain At the same time, Léon and Rob saved Celena's soul, put it back into her body, then discovered a dark, disgusting plan that endangered the whole city. The villain group agreed: they could never sit and let that happen.

never Villains or not, they would have to risk their hides to protect New Continent.

To make matters worse, Léon had been feeling worse by the day. His head ached, his powers were oscillating, and he couldn't summon his tigers anymore. They showed up and disappeared at will, sometimes in a fury, sometimes twice their normal size, and sometimes like dark-purple, attention-demanding cubs. Then, there was his mood. It changed from hopeful and happy to ice-cream-stuffing-melancholy, and to a savage kind of anger he had never felt before.

He had no fucking idea of what was happening to him or his city, but there was no hint of a doubt that things were very, very wrong with him.

very Then, there was that thing Celena had said about Master of Knives. That was the name of the villain who tried to kill Satina four years ago when she and Léon had just joined Invidia. If The Mayor was already preparing for his plan back then—two years before Antonio's death—he already knew what would happen with his son.

thing But here's the weirdest thing in all of this: only now , amid this shitstorm, about to face certain death against an army of heroes of at least ten times their numbers, Rob seemed satisfied.

only now

Again: why?

Rob's lips reached Léon's shoulder, and one of his hands slipped under the comforter.

"Tiger? Are you listening to me?"

For four months, since they discovered the Mayor's plan, Rob and Léon barely spoke to each other. They spent most of their time avoiding the Heroic League, scouting the demolished Invidia building, and completing the little tasks that Iara demanded. They still slept together now and then. They snuggled, ate together, joked, and worked side by side. Rob was also helpful in controlling Léon's mood swings and his tigers when needed, but... something was off.

Or was Léon just worried?

After all, The Mayor wasn't still either. He had declared war against all villains in New Continent. Young or old, reformed or not, when a villain or ex-villain was discovered, they were dragged across the city and closed somewhere, never to be seen or heard of again. The media called it a new prison. The villains called it certain death.

a new prison. certain death. Most of those who worked at Invidia had met that fate.

"Tiger," Rob called yet again, stretching the E. "Look at me, lover. Your eyes are open, I know you're awake."

It pained him so much to think Mary and Satina could be next...

so much Rob turned him around in bed and placed a gentle hand on his waist, pulling him closer. "I'm right here, lover. Talk to me when you're ready."

Finally, Léon pushed him away. "I don't want to talk, Bhalu. And I'm not in the mood for anything else."

Rob recoiled and watched him in silence for a long moment. The bed was too narrow to give him some real space, but Rob seemed to try. He schooled his hurt expression, but Léon could still see it in his moist, pinkish eyes. Rob propped his head on a hand and pierced his elbow on Léon's pillow.

"You haven't been feeling well for weeks now. Talk to me," he said in a low tone. "Are you mad at me?"

Léon inhaled and sighed again, rubbing his face. He didn't want to, but tears poured from his eyes. "I'm not mad at you."

mad Rob caressed his cheek. "Then what's the matter?"

On top of all that was already happening, to make sure The Mayor wouldn't find them, they had split up and kept moving from place to place. They had shared rooms, slept in AVs, and even on the streets, trying to be seen as little as possible. Meanwhile, Iara and Anachronica worked on their mysterious plans, and Celena tried to improve their gear.

As a result, Léon hadn't seen his mother and brother in two months . It was just safer for her and Pipo to be at uncle Marco's.

two months Léon sniffed and rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand. "Nothing, Bhalu. Everything is just great. Right?"

"Yeah, t' was a stupid question," Rob said in a whisper. "I'm sorry." He looked at Léon again, placing a comforting hand on his chest. Guilt and pain flashed in Rob's eyes. "But I'm here for you. I'll always be, no matter what happens in the future. I love you."

Léon's eyes stung. His breathing shallowed as he reached for Rob's hand, pulling it to his lips. Léon placed a gentle kiss on his knuckles, fighting back the tears.

"I love you too, Rob. So much . You have..." He took a shaky breath, pushing down the knot in his throat. "You have no idea."

So much Rob cupped his hands on either side of Léon's face, resting his forehead against his. His whole body radiated with warmth and tenderness. "Trust me, I know," he whispered. "Cause it's exactly how I feel about you, Tiger."



Trust. Trust! That fucking word again!

A tear rolled down Léon's cheek. For the Goddess, why was it so difficult to trust Roberto? Was it because of his past as a hero? What lived inside of Léon that made him so wary of his own beloved boyfriend like that? Léon was sure about Rob's intentions, so why...?

lived His thoughts stopped. Léon was sure about Rob's intentions today. What about the past? He closed his eyes, and a memory crossed his thoughts. A memory with a sly smile, demonic horns, and rhymed speech.

today. Anhangá.

Anhangá. There was only one way to find out the whole truth, and, according to Anhangá, he had the power for that.

Léon took a deep breath, held Rob's chin, and brought him closer for a peck, then a wet, slow, passionate kiss. He only needed to discover how to use his powers.

As they kissed, an immense surge of energy filled his body, coming from Goddess-only-knows-where. Léon gasped against Rob's lips, then frowned in pain as that raw power drilled through his muscles. As quick as the discomfort came, it went away, leaving only the certainty that Léon felt stronger than ever before.

ever With their lips still molten together, he raised his upper body, using his thigh to push Rob's waist aside, then down on the bed. Rob opened a mischievous smile when Léon straddled his waist.

"Honestly, love... we don't have to do anything if you don't want it. I'll wait as long as necessary, I promise."

Léon tilted his head back, basking in that newfound power. He smiled, his eyes closing and his heart racing. "There's something I want," Léon answered. Slowly, he slid backward, feeling how his powers intensified the ripples of pleasure on his skin. Their pants' thin fabric was the only thing between them, so Léon felt every curve and bump on Rob's hardening muscles grinding against his. It was... intoxicating. More than ever before.

"O-oh, Goddess," Rob whispered. "You're so handsome, Tiger," he said with barely contained desire, his husky voice grating his throat. "But... really... i-if... I mean, you sure...?"

He knew it then; he saw how Rob's whole body awakened to his touch. Léon called upon his powers, letting his intuition guide him. He placed a hand on Rob's cheek with a tender smile.

"I'm sure."

Perhaps when he had his answers, Léon would finally trust him. Fully trust him. When that happened, he would have a lot of fun with his Roberto, discovering the many ways in which that immense pool of energy could change their sensations.

Fully his Léon bent forward to kiss Rob's fiery lips again—but this time, he infused his power on the beautiful tattoos on his neck, making them light up green, then turn into a crisp shade of purple. With a smile, Léon spread his other hand on the other man's chest.

"Wanna know what I want?" Léon asked in a teasing whisper.

"Oh, yes please ." Rob smirked. "Tell me in detail."

yes please "I want you to show me your memories of me, Rob," Léon whispered. "Since the day we met."

Rob's eyes widened, then closed. His silence lasted for ages. As Léon's vision blackened, he saw a tear roll Rob's face.

"All right, Tiger. I will."

***

*** AHH A_A Thank you sooo much for reading! I hope you're enjoying the story. If you are, please don't forget to vote! There's a lot more to happen, but we're nearing the end now. Are you ready for it? O:

AHH A_A Thank you sooo much for reading! I hope you're enjoying the story. If you are, please don't forget to vote! There's a lot more to happen, but we're nearing the end now. Are you ready for it? O: Here's something I made especially for all you, to thank you for the reads and for being beside me in this ride! ♥♥♥ Commenting or not, voting or not, thank you! I can't believe we already reached 8k reads... I'm thankful to all of you for your support.

Here's something I made especially for all you, to thank you for the reads and for being beside me in this ride! Commenting or not, voting or not, thank you! I can't believe we already reached 8k reads... I'm thankful to all of you for your support. Aaand a special thank you this week to Messenger3838 for coming back after each new week, you're amazing ♥ And to rippedworm for the explosion of votes haha I hope you're enjoying the read! ♥

Aaand a special thank you this week to Messenger3838 for coming back after each new week, you're amazing Messenger3838 And to rippedworm for the explosion of votes haha I hope you're enjoying the read! rippedworm

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





forty-six: dry months in slumber (Part II)


— ??? - ??? —

— ??? - ??? — — ??? - ??? — — Rob —

— Rob — — Rob — Celena was right all along. As soon as Rob told her about Léon and the place he occupied in his past, the first thing she said was,

"You have to tell him, Robbie."

Did Rob listen to her?

No.

No. He opened his eyes. They were burning, dry, and felt hollow as if he had spent the whole night drinking in the worst dive bar in Old Continent. He still lay on Léon's sofa, sprawled among the cushions like a lazy bear, but his surroundings were different. All around him, childish stars fell and burst on the sandy floor like balls of goo.

He was back in the undimension, staring at the endless darkness around him. But... how?

how? "Oh, silly one. This senseless question should be answered by now. It was sweet-boy-Léon, of course."

Rob's stomach churned and turned. His head spun as he tried to get up, locking eyes with Anhangá. "So it's really time to tell him, huh."

Anhangá opened a cruel smile, crossing his arms over his muscular chest. He seemed satisfied, a violent glee in his eyes. "Oh, yes, it is. Whatever happens now, boy... it's your fault."

Rob's nails dug into his trembly palm. He tried to ignore Anhangá's words, but his voice betrayed him. "Where is he? Did you bring him here?"

tried "I didn't." He drew out his words. "Isn't it exciting , bitter boy? Léon's wandering about and discovering his childhood without any help. It's wonderful ."

exciting any wonderful "Are you happy about all this?" Rob shouted. His voice echoed up invisible walls until it was swallowed by the abyss around them.

happy The faintest hint of pity crossed Anhangá's expression. "Why, my bobo-bitter-boy. I did nothing. Your human friend did. Satina ."

Satina "Satina? How could she—?"

Rob didn't have time to finish his sentence. Something tugged at his forehead, stealing him of all strength and forcing him to fall on his knees.

"Ah, here it comes." Anhangá sat down on the sofa where Rob was, moments ago. "Léon finally found the first memory he wants to see with you." His face hardened. "I'll see you later."

Rob grunted, the pain in his head forming a wild crescendo that blurred and darkened his vision. Once he focused his eyes again, there was a presence at his side. He looked up and around; the sofa wasn't there anymore, and neither was Anhangá.

"Léon," Rob whispered. He reached for his hand, but something made his entire body freeze. This Léon was different. He had markings on his wrists... tattoos, like his. What was the meaning of this?

This "I'm glad you're here, loved one. That's how I used to call you, isn't it?" Léon set his gaze ahead. He seemed so peaceful now, with that soft smile and the gentle weight on his eyelids. "It was delicious to see us growing up together. To see our love blossom, the way you say it did. I remember it now." He took Rob's hands. Léon's fingers were so cold. "And I feel our feelings that much stronger, loved one."

Rob's palm was sweaty, and his fingers didn't quite close around Léon's hand like they usually did. Léon wasn't the same. His touch felt almost... wrong .

wrong With Rob's hand secured in his, Léon stepped forward with a sure stride, pulling Rob with him.

"Where are we going, Leo?"



"To the last day we saw each other, years ago."

Rob's eyes widened. He dug his heels, and the soles of his boots screeched against the dark floor. Léon stopped and looked back over his shoulder.

"What are you doing, loved one?"

"Call me Bhalu . Please."

Bhalu Léon narrowed his eyes, a soft crease forming between his eyebrows. "Don't you want to go back to what we were? Why are you holding back?"

With a huff, Rob reached for Léon's shoulder and turned him around, so the two of them faced each other. "I am sorry, Tiger. I will tell you. Show you. I'll do whatever you want, but..." He gulped, tension building on his shoulders. "Would you please let me explain it first?"

"Explain what?" Léon asked with a chuckle, his expression softening. When their eyes locked, his smile disappeared.

Rob gripped Léon's arms. He opened and closed his lips, then cleared his throat. Shite. There was a lot at stake. If Rob told Léon about their past, would Léon still help him? Would Léon believe in Rob's remorse?

Would Léon still love him?

love If Rob continued to lie, nothing would change. Léon might help him save his sister, defeat The Mayor, and protect the city—while still being together. On the other hand, the truth would only bring pain and tears, pushing Léon so far away from him, Rob would have no other option if not letting go.

With a grimace, Rob faltered. He drew a lungful of breath and held it, averting his gaze. How could he let this happen again? How could he be so stupid and so blind?

Léon placed a hand atop of his in an encouraging gesture, but not even that made the pain in his chest any weaker.

Rob was tired of keeping the weight of this secret. He was tired of the guilt and the sadness it brought. He wanted to dissipate the shadows of his mistake and to be punished for his poor choices. He needed to pay for following someone who wasn't worthy of his loyalty.

punished He wanted to do the right thing, no matter how painful that could be.

Léon smiled and caressed Rob's face with his gelid fingertips. Time passed differently in the undimension, but Léon was more patient than Rob ever thought possible. He stepped forward to place a gentle kiss on Rob's trembling lips. The gesture made Rob's breathing shallow. He took Léon's free hand and closed his eyes, leaning into his touch.

Besides, they were a couple. If Rob wanted Léon to trust him, he'd have to trust him with the truth.

"Very well." A tear rolled down his face, and Rob dried it with a rough brush of his sleeve. "Just... remember what I said before coming in here, Leo. I love you."

"I know," Léon whispered.

With those words, the floor crumbled under their feet. Grass sprouted and grew into knee-high green spades and overgrown flowers; massive trees fell from the dark sky and pierced the earth with thundering clashes that made the floor quake. A dense, dark-blue fog covered the night sky. The same fog seeped from clouds and dropped like ocean foam on the grass to form a rapid and two young men, separated by it. Rob straightened his back, regaining his balance and helping Léon do the same. The latter stepped forward, his eyes wide and lost while the first clutched a hand to his aching chest.

Léon stepped forward. "This... feels like a dream."

"A nightmare, more like." Rob gulped. He wanted to reach for Léon's hand but didn't have the courage. More than that, he wanted Léon to come to him... after seeing what was about to happen. "Up to this day, we had been meeting in secret. I haven't told you before, but... it was not only because trainees were not allowed to leave the training grounds, but also because... I was too valuable for them."

I

"Because you're a druid."

"Because I'm a druid, yes." Rob took in a deep sigh and slipped his hand into his pocket. "My parents were bloody great druids, yeah. The best among them. They were already delving in magic and connecting with nature even before the traces of power changed us all. Brash was friends with them so, when they disappeared—when most of the druids disappeared—he took me and my sister in." Léon turned around to look at Roberto. Rob continued, "We were probably the last three druids alive, that's why I was always so..." His voice cracked. He cleared his throat and steeled his words. "That's why I was always so keen to obey him. To listen to him. To... follow his orders."

great follow "But you're not anymore."

"No, I'm not. Not in a long time, Tiger. And whatever I'll do when the time comes... it'll be my decision alone."

Léon stared at him for a moment, his eyebrows knit together. There was the shadow of a question in his eyes, but the curiosity about his past apparently won over him. "You'll tell me about that later."

Steps on the grass caught Rob's attention. He looked to his left and saw a younger version of Léon approaching, exactly like he remembered. This was the last day they had seen each other.

"Tell me what's happening here," León said.

Rob took in a shaky breath. "When Toni discovered I was sneaking out to see someone —this someone being you—he first made me promise I wouldn't see you anymore, in exchange for his training me."

someone "And... you agreed to it. Right?" There was no hint of pain in Léon's voice, but Rob saw how he balled his hands, his fingers trembling for a short moment until he relaxed.

"Yes," was the painful answer. "But Toni didn't stop there. He pressed and threatened me for days until I told him all about you. He kept asking where you lived and what your powers were. And I... I told him everything, Leo." Rob sighed, combing his hair back with his fingers. "I didn't know it by then, but Toni and Brash used to... collect people with the cosmic trace. They had my sister under their thumb, and they wanted to bring you in. They said they could train you. They said your family would be relocated to New Continent and that we could meet every day. They also said I... would be stronger. More tattoos, more power..."

Léon sighed. He had an unreadable expression that thrust a dagger of doubt in Rob's chest.

"Let me guess. They didn't fulfill their part of the deal."

Rob pursed his lips. "To be fair, they tried to. I never quite understood my reaction, to be honest. There was no reason for me to fear Toni and Brash by then, but still I.... and then you—"

A voice interrupted him.

"Rob!"

"Rob!" In the memory before them, young-Léon arrived at the edge of the river with a broad smile on his lips. He had his hair down with an edgy, asymmetrical haircut that barely reached his shoulders, tight purple leather pants, and a baggy, net tank top that showed a good part of his chest. Real-Léon frowned.

"I can't believe I used to dress like this ."

this Despite all the pain and confusion, Rob couldn't stop from opening a tiny smile, glancing at his boyfriend. "You sure wasn't as elegant as you are today, but I quite liked your style."

"Of course you did, I was half-naked." Léon chuckled as Rob's cheeks warmed up.

"Cross the river or I will, loved one," younger-Léon said in the memory. "You promised you'd meet me that night. You didn't go. What happened? And what's the emergency?"

"Cross the river or I will, loved one," "You promised you'd meet me that night. You didn't go. What happened? And what's the emergency?" Young Roberto was torn. He looked around and prepared himself to jump over the rapids, but something stopped him. His eyes widened. "You need to go, Léon. I... I'm not sure this is a good idea. Please go home."

"You need to go, Léon. I... I'm not sure this is a good idea. Please go home." Young Léon laughed. He held the hem of his tank top and took it off in a fluid movement, throwing it aside. His boots soon followed. "Since you're not coming to me, I guess I'll have to swim to you."

"Since you're not coming to me, I guess I'll have to swim to you." Instead of answering, young-Rob's eyes widened. He staggered a few steps backward and hid behind a thick tree while young-Léon looked around, confused—but his expression soon changed.

The real Léon swept his empty surroundings with his eyes.

"It'll be hard to understand what happened if we stay this far away from your memories. Let's see it through your eyes."

Confused, Rob raised an eyebrow. "What? What do you mean by—"

Before Rob could complete his sentence, he felt something tugging at his forehead again. He closed his eyes, and bare affliction embraced him. Rob's head tilted forward, and when he opened his eyes again...

— Old Continent - June 17th, seven years ago —

— Old Continent - June 17th, seven years ago — — Old Continent - June 17th, seven years ago — — Rob —

— Rob — — Rob — The forest was thick around him, and his breathing burned his lungs. Rob had run here as fast as he could, trying to reach Léon before Toni or Brash, but he was too late.

Shite. Shite!

Shite! He thought about telling Léon to hide, but his sensitive ears picked Toni and Brash's soft steps again. If Brash discovered him there, he'd have an earful. Brash had been very clear about Rob not being present when they met Léon. Something about establishing trust directly, he couldn't really understand.

Rob turned around to peek from behind the large tree where he was hiding and saw Léon still standing on that same spot with his hands on his waist and a soft smile on his lips.

"Are we playing hide and seek?" Léon said with a chuckle. "You know I adore playing with you, loved one, but I don't have much time. A legend never stays too long far from those who need his protection, eh?"

A twig broke between the trees. Someone was there.

"So you're Rob's friend?" a third voice said. It was low and musical, with a dangerous undertone filled with something Rob couldn't quite grasp.

It was Toni. They had arrived.

***

*** Thank you sooo much for reading! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote ;)

Thank you sooo much for reading! If you liked this chapter, please don't forget to vote ;) You're about to discover what happened between Léon and Rob before they parted ways. Are you ready? In the next chapter, "Unbearable truth" you'll finally see why Rob was so intent on hiding the past from Léon. What will happen once he finds out what Rob did? And what this will cause on Léon?

You're about to discover what happened between Léon and Rob before they parted ways. Are you ready? In the next chapter, "Unbearable truth" you'll finally see why Rob was so intent on hiding the past from Léon. What will happen once he finds out what Rob did? And what this will cause on Léon? You'll find out this Friday. I hope to see you there!



You'll find out this Friday. I hope to see you there!



If you're enjoying this story, please consider sharing it with a friend. It's always nice to have fun together, eh?

If you're enjoying this story, please consider sharing it with a friend. It's always nice to have fun together, eh? Oooooh and a super-special thank you this week for Lucycorne and MidnightRoses14 for all the votes and for the support. I'm so glad you're here with me ♥ I hope you'll continue to enjoy this story. Aaand a huge thank you for all of you who added this book into your reading lists!



Oooooh and a super-special thank you this week for Lucycorne and MidnightRoses14 for all the votes and for the support. I'm so glad you're here with me Lucycorne MidnightRoses14 I hope you'll continue to enjoy this story. Aaand a huge thank you for all of you who added this book into your reading lists!

Loads of love,

Loads of love, Ligia.

Ligia.





forty-seven: unbearable truth


**Huge chapter ahead!**

**Huge chapter ahead!** — Old Continent - June 17th, 2040 —

— Old Continent - June 17th, 2040 — — Old Continent - June 17th, 2040 — — Rob —

— Rob — — Rob — Toni crossed the hem of the forest in that dense, dark night of June. It was chilly, and a thin layer of dew blanketed the overgrown foliage around them. Toni opened a smile so gentle and so sweet, Léon's cheeks tinted with a soft shade of pink.

Toni repeated, "You are Roberto's friend, aren't you? Rob there thought you'd be a great addition to the League." Toni pointed straight at the tree behind which Rob was hiding. How did he even know he was there? "And I think so too... so we all came to see you. We were hoping to talk a little."

Brash followed his son's steps and stopped at his side. He furrowed his eyebrows, gazing at the direction Toni had pointed. Shite. It was useless to hide now. Rob would have an earful once they went back to the camp.

Shite. Léon smiled. "It's a real pleasure. You're The Gunslinger, I take it?" He stretched a hand.

"Right as an arrow." Toni let out a charming chuckle. He gave Léon a long handshake, then took a step backward and placed his hands on his waist, close to where his twin pistols were holstered. "Pleasure's all mine, sweet thing."

Rob grunted. He was used to hearing Toni talk like that to everyone, but not Léon.

not The same irritation seemed to shrink Léon's smile. "So you want me in the Heroic League, is that it?" Toni nodded, and Léon continued, "Well, that's a pity. You live in that new city overseas, and that's kind of a dealbreaker for me."

Brash stepped closer. "We live in New Continent, yes. And we'd love to have you there with us, boy." Brash smiled. "We've heard of your work as a local superhero— the Legend , is it? We'd love to have someone like you among us."

the Legend Léon chuckled. There was genuine happiness about him that made Rob's chest tighten, but he didn't know why. Things should be fine—Léon and Rob would finally be together, and Rob would be as strong as he could get—but he still couldn't shake the feeling of dread piling upon his shoulders.

should "That... that'd be an honor, sir," Léon said. "But I can't leave Old Continent. My friends and family are all here, and there're many people who need protection in these parts. There will be even more of them after you leave." His smile widened, and he honey-coated his words to say, "I'm sure you're all prepared to give these people the cold shoulder, but I can't."

Brash didn't even flinch.

"Don't be so hasty to judge, son... nor to answer," Brash drawled. "You're what? Fourteen?"

Léon crossed his arms. His lips pressed into a line of disgust. "I'll be sixteen in a few weeks."

"Still too young to understand."

"Really? Am I too young to see you're abandoning this continent?" The crease between Léon's eyebrows was so deep it cast an angry shadow over his eyes. "It says something about our society when kids are more worried about our people than adults are." He tipped his head back, staring down at the heroes before him. "Keep your invitation, I don't want it."

adults Brash chuckled and took yet another step forward. "Let me rephrase what I said." He cleared his throat. "Your reasons to stay simply aren't strong enough, Legend." Brash smiled and fished something in his pocket. "Listen... you know who I am, I suppose." His tone wasn't condescending, but his words made Léon frown.

"Everyone knows who you are. You're The Mayor. The superhero."

"Indeed." Brash raised the necklace in his hands and walked the few steps that separated him from Léon. "I understand why you wouldn't leave Old Continent, boy... but your talent is wasted here. This is a dead stretch of land, and soon, that's all we'll find here: death. Follow me and you, your family, and as many friends as you want, will move to New Continent with us. You will all thrive ." His smile widened even more, spreading like a sickness.

thrive

Léon's expression soured. He stared at The Mayor for a long while before asking, "As many friends as I want? You sure?"

"Of course." Brash leaned in to take Léon's hand. With his other hand, he hovered the necklace over Léon's palm. "You just have to accept my gift. Reach for it, and you'll be one of us." He smiled. "I have insurmountable power waiting for you. All you have to do is take it."

Instead of reaching for the necklace, Léon stepped back, pulling his hand free. A curve formed at the end of his lips as he shook his head. "I am friends with this whole continent, sir. If we can take all of them, I'll be happy to join you. If not, I'm going to stay."

The Mayor's eyebrows twitched as a surge of pride filled Rob's chest. He stepped out of his hiding spot and moved into Toni's field of view, preparing himself to cross the rapids. If Léon wouldn't join the Heroic League, he and Rob wouldn't be together as Rob wanted to. But...

Maybe... just maybe he should leave the League. Maybe he should stay here with Léon! They could fight for Old Continent and be happy and free... together.

maybe Rob stepped even closer to the water when a piercing ache crossed his head like a bullet. Toni's eyes shone with fury, making the tattoos of Rob's neck shine in a deep tone of blue. Toni looked from Rob to Léon until his eyes finally rested on the necklace Brash was holding.

Rob's muscles tensed and stopped. He tried to move, but his body burned as if flogged by a flaming whip.

"Give him the necklace, Pa," Toni said. He walked forward and put himself between Rob and Léon. "Let him have a taste of what awaits him if he accepts our old druidic knowledge." Toni smirked and placed a hand on Léon's shoulder. "Let him see for himself what he'll be capable of if he becomes one of us."

"Antônio..." There was a note of uncertainty in Brash's voice, but when Toni set his gaze on his father, the old man cleared his throat and squared his shoulders, turning to Léon again. "Sure," Brash said. "Why not."

Toni opened a grin and took the necklace from Brash's hand. "Just stay put," he told Léon, walking around him until he was at his back. He raised the chain and prepared to place it around Léon's neck, but the latter ducked and stepped away.

"I said I don't want it!" Léon insisted. He pointed at the necklace. "I already have one of those. Except mine is meant to control my powers, not to enhance them. You're all blind for power, nothing else. Stay away!" He jumped to a safe distance, then turned around to look at Roberto. "What's all this, loved one? Tell your friends to go, or I'll force them to."

control enhance friends The corners of Toni's lips curled down. He clicked his tongue and crossed his arms, arching an eyebrow. " Loved one?"

Loved one?" Rob's breathing caught in his throat. He had to use every drop of his will force to step forward. "He gave you his answer, Toni." Another step. "Come here, Legend. I'll take you home."

Fury flashed in Toni's eyes. One of his hands slid down and rested atop his holstered pistol. "Don't be ridiculous." He raised the necklace with his other hand. "This will be good for him, and you know it."

"C'mon, son. We just want to see how strong you are, all right? Think about it like... training. Okay?" Brash smiled.

"I'm not your son," Léon snapped back.

son," "And I'm starting to lose my patience. Stay put." To each step Toni took, Léon reeled another.

"Toni, stop," Rob said. "He doesn't want it!"

"I didn't want it either—but my dad showed me how wrong I was." He stepped forward. "The pain is nothing compared to the power I gained. It's so worth it." He was less than a couple of steps away now.

so

"Stay away," Léon growled.

"You have the eyes of an animal, sweet thing." Toni's smile turned wicked when a metallic sound echoed in the forest.

Rob's body quivered like a leaf in the wind. Léon and Brash had a similar reaction, and for a moment, everything was still.

"You're not yourself, Toni," Rob whispered. "What's wrong with you?"

Those words seemed to hit him. Hard.

Toni lowered his gaze and stared at his hand holding the pistol. Finally, as his eyes watered and his shoulders slumped, he turned to Léon again. "I'm... sorry, Legend." Toni holstered his weapon, removed his influence on Rob's body, then took a step back. "You may go. You may all go."

all "Toni!" Brash exclaimed, furrowing his brow.

"Haven't you seen what I did, pa?" Toni shouted, massaging his temples. "I am very sorry. I'd never..." His voice faltered. "I'd never hurt any of you."

am Rob's heart ached. His breathing caught in his throat as some dark, sad feeling swirled in his chest. This was the real Toni. Good, respectful, sweet. Not that beast from moments ago.

beast "I'm so sorry," Toni repeated under his breath, brushing a tear away. "I'm so very sorry..."

A small kiskadee plummeted from a nearby tree and alighted near the riverbank. It was rare for a wild bird like that to be flying at night, and it was even rarer to see it so close—but Rob knew what the kiskadee meant to his people: it was a bird that announced the beginning or the ending of a cycle. As the little creature sang and ruffled its feathers, Rob met Léon's eyes. This late into the night, as a cold gale blew down the rapids and thick clouds blanketed the moon, the kiskadee sang only about death.

death. Toni sunk to his knees at Rob's left while Léon straightened his posture at his right. Both of them looked so drained...

With Toni's influence gone, Rob jumped to the other side of the rapids, where Léon, Toni, and Brash stood. Rob pulled Léon in a tight embrace. "I never should've brought you here," he whispered, his trembly hands caressing Léon's back. "Let's go."

Léon let out a deep, ragged breath and leaned closer to Rob's warmth, wrapping his arms around his waist.

Rob kissed the top of Léon's head, a thumb brushing his shoulder. "They're not like this. I don't know what's wrong with them, I swear."

not "We all know what's wrong, Roberto," Brash said in a dark tone. His voice echoed in the forest, strong and haunting.

Something stirred in Rob's conscience. The part of him that was still anchored to the present, watching that memory beside Léon, tried to move their thoughts away. Léon's power subdued him and turned his mind's eye back to the past.

Something stirred in Rob's conscience. The part of him that was still anchored to the present, watching that memory beside Léon, tried to move their thoughts away. Léon's power subdued him and turned his mind's eye back to the past. "We need the cosmic trace," Brash continued. By then, Brash was still like a father to him. He had taken Rob and his sister in; he had trained them, he had protected them, he had been their family when no one else was. "Toni is unstable. He's broken . We're not sure how much time he'll... survive." The word came out of his lips like a dagger piercing through flesh.

broken "Stop, father!" Toni barked.

Brash ignored him. "We need a cosmic trace wielder who is strong enough to mend him. We were hoping to see your friend's powers and... and we were hoping he could help us."

Rob paused. He was never that close to Toni, but Brash... Brash and Rafa were everything he had. How could Rob refuse to help him when he had the means to? "And what happens to Legend if...?"



Léon's eyes widened. He blinked in confusion, staring at Roberto as he would stare at the ghost of his own father.

"Nothing," Toni said with a weak smile, hope glistening in his eyes. He looked up at Rob. "We just need to unlock his powers—then we'll train him, and, when he's skillful enough, he'll know how to stabilize me."

Rob nodded. He glanced at Léon and then back at Toni. His head spun. His brain told him to heed Brash's words, but his heart ached for Léon's safety.

"Are you sure he'll be safe?" Rob asked Toni, keeping his voice low. The kiskadee batted its wings, flying away.

sure "I am more than sure." A tear rolled down Toni's cheek as he offered the necklace to Roberto. "Please."

Rob took in a deep breath. A crease formed between his eyebrows as a foggy layer of haziness covered his thoughts. In his chest, Anhangá stirred. He opposed it. He refused it. He wouldn't let Rob do that!

At his side, Léon stiffened. "You can't be serious, Roberto."

Toni tossed him the necklace, and Rob caught it with ease. A layer of horror spread on Léon's expression. Anhangá tried to break free from his seals and stop him, but Rob used his power of containment to strengthen the binds around him. "Nothing's gonna happen," Rob echoed as he rested his clouded eyes on Léon. "We'll guide you, my love. I promise."

Léon's eyes watered, his lips trembling. "I'll fight you if I need to." He enveloped his hands with a thick layer of purple energy, but Brash was quicker. He rushed forward and clawed a hand around his neck. A tattoo at the back of his hand shone in a bright shade of green, and he pressed his fingers with just enough force to cancel Léon's powers.

"I'm sorry, son. I promise we won't hurt you." Brash reached for the beautiful necklace around Léon's neck—the one that was supposed to contain his powers—and he tugged at it, breaking the thin chain that held it in place. "Fast with it, Robbie. This power doesn't last for long."

A flash of purple crossed Léon's teary eyes as his powers increased. Léon's body weakened, and his always calm countenance gave way to a dense layer of fear .

fear "Rob, no. Loved one... please. I'm begging you."

begging "We'll guide you," Rob repeated.

"N-no... Rob... you don't understand. It's too much. I can't control myself when... Rob, please. Please!"

"I'll be here with you, my love." Rob leaned in and clasped the jewel he was holding around Léon's neck. When he let the stone go, and it hit the exposed skin of Léon's chest...

All hell broke loose.

Léon tilted his head back to let out a drum-piercing cry that sliced through the haziness in his eyes—and there wasn't a Léon there anymore. His eyes were completely white, his arms spread like a God as ethereal purple chains were sucked into him coming from the sky, the earth, and every living thing around him. The earth quaked.

a Léon Rob staggered a step back. "W-what the... w-what's happening? What's happening?" he shouted. "You said it wouldn't hurt him!"

"You fool!" Anhangá shouted inside Rob's thoughts. " Let me free. Only I can protect him now. Only I can keep you two alive!"

"You fool!" Let me free. Only I can protect him now. Only I can keep you two alive!" Toni was quick to go back to his feet. He stared at the building mass of purple energy, and a greedy smile sliced his lips. "That's it," he said with dark gusto. "That's the power I've been looking for. Pa! We need to take him to the machine. Now!"

A strong monsoon howled like a thousand voices. Léon got up, his teeth and fingernails sharpening, and his hair elongating. The earthquake intensified.



"Pa!" Toni shouted again, raising his voice over the tempest that formed around them. Purple lightning painted the sky, while dark clouds melded above them. "The. Machine!" Toni repeated.

And that's when Rob saw it. The running waters behind Léon weren't running anymore. The rapids were dry. Where did the water go?

"We need to escape," Brash shouted. "He's too dangerous, we need to get the hell out of here!"

"No. Pa, he's the answer. I need his powers!"

"You need your life more, Toni!" Brash shouted, grabbing his arm. "Rob, we need to go."

"I'm not leaving," Toni said with a growl, slapping his dad's hand aside. "I call forth Boitatá, the spirit of the fire snake!" Fire tongues enveloped Toni's hands, mixing with the purple matter of his own powers.

"Roberto," said the dark yet calm voice coming from Léon's mouth. "You betrayed me, loved one."

Ethereal purple claws broke the earth's surface with a violent rumble and raised over the tallest trees in Old Continent. Léon moved a hand, and the claws sliced their way towards Roberto with the speed of a tiger, cleaving through the soil, trees, and rocks. From the cracks on the earth, a red luminosity started to glow.

Took him all he got, but Rob managed to jump out of the way of the first attack. "What's happening to him?" Rob shouted to Brash. "Make it stop, Brash. He's gonna destroy this whole area!"

When Toni finished his transformation, he stepped forward in time to raise a fire shield in front of Roberto and Brash, protecting them from one of Léon's massive claws. Toni's whole body glowed with golden scales and fire. As Anhangá would, the entity inside Toni would never let his host die without a fight.

"We need him," Toni repeated. He opened his arms, spreading a wave of flames around Léon—but not even that slowed his attacks.

Little by little, the shimmering of conscience left Léon's eyes, replaced by a thick layer of fury. As if to prove that, a massive wave raised behind him, uprooting trees and carrying everything in its path. Considering its size and strength, the water would flood Léon's village without pity or remorse.

There were thousands of people there...

thousands Rob couldn't let that happen.

While tears formed in his eyes and regret shook his shoulders, Rob broke Anhangá's seal, praying he would protect all those people... and save Léon. As he felt Anhangá's conscience taking over his body—his horns and thorns breaking his skin—Rob let out a cry of pain. He knew there would be no going back now.

As his memory faded and he drifted back to the real world, Rob knew it: he had lost Léon.

Again.

Again. ***

*** Thank you so much for reading this chapter! Please don't forget to vote if you liked it ♥

Thank you so much for reading this chapter! Please don't forget to vote if you liked it Oh, boy. How would *you* react if you were in Léon's place? :( I'd be completely broken. But... do you think Rob was right to do what he did to help Toni? Would you forgive him? :X

Oh, boy. How would *you* react if you were in Léon's place? :( I'd be completely broken. But... do you think Rob was right to do what he did to help Toni? Would you forgive him? :X ***

*** This week I'd like to say a huge thank you to vivivivivivivivivian , ReadingbooksRocks101 and JaneAuroraJohn . Thank you for reading and for all of your votes, you're amazing! ♥♥♥

This week I'd like to say a huge thank you to vivivivivivivivivian , ReadingbooksRocks101 and JaneAuroraJohn . Thank you for reading and for all of your votes, you're amazing! ♥♥♥ vivivivivivivivivian ReadingbooksRocks101 JaneAuroraJohn JaneAuroraJohn thank you twice! haha I could *swear* I've posted this chapter already, lol! If you hadn't commented, I probably wouldn't have noticed until next week. X)

JaneAuroraJohn thank you twice! haha I could *swear* I've posted this chapter already, lol! If you hadn't commented, I probably wouldn't have noticed until next week. X) JaneAuroraJohn I hope you're enjoying this story. If you are and you think it deserves to be read, please consider sharing it with a friend! ;)

I hope you're enjoying this story. If you are and you think it deserves to be read, please consider sharing it with a friend! ;) Aaaand here's a little something to thank you all for reading with me. It seems Léon and Rob like to read too, eh? >:P hehe

Aaaand here's a little something to thank you all for reading with me. It seems Léon and Rob like to read too, eh? >:P hehe Aaaand here's a little something to thank you all for reading with me. It seems Léon and Rob like to read too, eh? >:P hehe

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





forty-eight: finally, Satina


— Satina —

— Satina — — Satina — — New Continent, 2047 - today—

— New Continent, 2047 - today— — New Continent, 2047 - today— The old business card burned between Phillip's fingers for yet a long moment before the purple flame finished consuming it and died out. What was once a thick card containing Satina's most powerful contract, now was nothing but a molten, dark-blue pile of goo.

Phillip groaned in pain, watching as the last of the flames consumed the shadow trace of his powers. His hands underneath the dense coating of protection were in raw flesh, the deep burns spreading a sick smell of roasting pig.

Even amid all the pain, Satina opened a weak, satisfied smile.

"Is that it? Is it done?" Phillip asked. He was trembling all over, big drops of sweat covering his face and rolling down his already naked chest. "These flames are brutal ."

brutal There was pain in Satina's expression when she answered a low and ragged, "Of course they are. It's the process of Léon's powers consuming the barrier I built for them."

Rio knelt down beside her and rested a hand on her arm. "Are you okay?"

Satina gasped. The excruciating pain of having her powers back after so many years drilled white spots on her vision. She gripped the sides of her head and bent forward, groaning. When the intense wave of pain subsided, she sighed.

"Yeah." Satina jerked her chin to point at Phillip. "Go check the bacon. I think it's burning."

"Vey funny." Phillip staggered a few steps backward and fell on the armchair like a sack of meat.

Rio gave Satina a tight hug. "You did the right thing, Tiny." With those words, he got up and walked to Phillip, taking his burnt hands. "And that looks bad. I never thought you'd manage to go through 'till the end."

"Yeah, well. I have a surprisingly... ugh... great tolerance to pain. Shit hurts as bad as it looks, though." Phillip grimaced, a tear forming in the corner of his eyes.

"I told you it'd hurt." Rio ran a thumb across his cheek to wipe the tear away and reached for the can of cureburn, spraying it on Phillip's burns. He gently pulled his hands apart from one another, his face twisting in disgust as the burnt skin cracked and peeled off, showing exposed flesh and muscle.

Phillip was pale, covered in sweat. He trembled; considering the way he gritted his teeth and the tear rolling down his cheek, he was holding back a hell of a cry of pain.

Satina looked away. Her arms were too heavy, and her muscles too sore, so she rested her head on her red velvet sofa. She wasn't so sure this was the right thing to do. Maybe she should have asked for Léon's permission first.

Maybe she should have told him.

told Rio reached for a cold bottle of water and a bowl, which he placed on Phillip's lap. "Raise your hands above your heart." When Phillip obeyed, Rio turned to Satina. "What's wrong?"

Satina shrugged. "I don't get why we had to keep this a secret. Can you imagine what it'll be like for him?" She sighed. "He'll be so confused."

There was a moment of silence between them.

"Did it work, at least? Did you give him his powers back?" Phillip asked. Another tear rolled down, and he turned his face away to hide it.

"Yes," Satina said. The shocking-blue of her powers enveloped her fingers with an intensity they didn't have before. She missed it. Her power.

missed Phillip spent a long moment staring at her with a mix of amazement and fear while Rio washed his hands with cold water. Then, Phillip said, "What now?"



"Now," Rio answered, "everything's up to Léon. Satina sacrificed a portion of her powers to lock Léon's abilities for years so he wouldn't lose control as he did seven years ago... but you sacrificed a portion of yours so she could remove that blockade . Léon has his powers back... and this will make him able to access his memories if he wants to. Léon chose to forget everything, and he chose to have his powers caged. But Roberto can't be trusted, and Léon must see that for himself. I refuse to watch my friend suffer because of him again."

you blockade chose chose Satina's face twisted in pain. She sank it into her hands to hide the stream of tears rolling down her cheeks.

"I can't believe he was behind what happened to Leo." She sniffed, then balled her hands into trembling fists. "I'm gonna kill him. I'm gonna skin him and salt him and put his damn hide to dry!"

he kill skin Phillip gulped. His shoulders were tense, pulled up so high they almost touched his ears.

"Calm down, Tiny," Rio said. "I know it hurts, but..."

"No, Rio. You don't know. You don't have the faintest idea!" she shouted. "I was with aunt Kali when she found Léon's body seven years ago. He was limp and so cold! I was so afraid and Aunt Kali, she... she couldn't stop crying . She cried, and she's the fucking strongest woman I—" Her voice cracked. Satina sobbed and sniffed and swallowed her crying like she'd swallow a bitter pill. "And now I'm crying too. I hate this shit!"

crying "There's nothing wrong in crying, Tiny," Rio said in a soothing tone. "As long as you get up and go back to the fight afterward."

"How did you even know Rob might be behind what happened to Léon?" Satina asked. "And how did you know what would happen to him?" she pointed at Phillip.

"I spent a month of my nurse internship in Brash's training camp. We studied all kinds of power traces there... and I remember seeing Antônio, Roberto, and Brash coming back on the same night you found Léon. I treated them. I heard them talking about how that boy almost killed everyone." He raised his gaze to Satina. "Brash told Roberto 'the boy' would probably be dead." Rio leaned forward. "When I heard what had happened to Léon, I connected the dots."

that boy Satina bit down on her lower lip, thinking for a long moment. That explanation didn't make as much sense as she wanted to, and it definitely didn't explain where his knowledge came from... but Satina was too tired to question him.

"I felt like shit for years for keeping his power locked up. He asked me to and... I'd do anything to protect him, you know?" Satina closed her eyes, her words barely louder than whispers. "When Rob unlocked Léon's powers with that new necklace, in the Hero's retreat... and when Léon used his power in our heist on Silverin Heights... I really thought things were going to be okay. Maybe, I thought, if Rob and Léon were together... maybe Leo could use his power without problems. Maybe Rob could teach him." She grunted, rubbing her face. "Rob's a druid, for fuck's sake! Shouldn't he be good ?"

years asked really good Phillip shrugged. "The Mayor is a druid too."

Satina shook her head. "I refuse to believe this. Brash must've been behind Rob's actions. He must've... influenced him somehow."

must've Phillip scoffed. "Brash could've told Rob he was to be the queen of Old Continent; it wouldn't make him any less responsible for what he did. The decision was his . You can't ignore that, Satina. Don't be permissive with that sack of garbage."

his "But they love each other! How could Rob...?"

love "Well, I love Léon too!" Phillip shouted. "But that was never enough, was it? That never stopped me from being a fucker, did it? Why should it stop him? "

him?

"You never loved my cousin, Phillip. You were obsessed with him!" she shouted back.

loved Pain flashed in his eyes. It was there for less than a moment before it morphed into a dark satisfaction. "Well. Guess what, Satina? Rob's obsessed with Léon too. And he doesn't even see him as a person—he's obsessed with his power. "

with his power. "Shut up, Phillip!" she answered, her voice booming like thunder.

Rio got up. He placed a hand on Satina's shoulder while his other arm blocked Phillip's attempt to get up.

"Stop, you two!" Rio shouted. He mulled over his words before saying, "What I told you here is what I know for sure, and I can't be sure of Rob's intentions."

"They're pretty clear to me," Phillip said.

"Well, then respect Tiny's opinion about it and shut it ." Rio took a deep breath. "Léon will discover the truth, and he'll decide what to do with it. It's his choice. In the meanwhile, we'll have to get you a skin graft, Phillip. You'll have to come with me to the hospital."

shut it Phillip got up. His eyes lingered on the floor for a moment before turning to Satina. "Were my powers really consumed to unlock Léon's?" he asked in a mutter.

" Something was consumed, Phillip. A portion of your powers or something else, I can't be sure." Satina shrugged. "We'll discover in time."

Something Phillip nodded. "As long as Léon can see clearly from now on... I don't mind."

Satina's eyebrows shot upward.

Maybe it was the pain, Satina thought. Maybe the severeness of Phillip's injuries peeled off the layer of sarcastic cruelty he always had around him. Whatever the reason was, Phillip's answer knotted Satina's vocal cords, preventing her from answering.

"And... you know what? You were right, Satina. I never loved him." Phillip chuckled, shaking his head with a dull pain in his expression. "But I care. I owe him after everything I did. And I'll do whatever I can to protect him."

owe Those words silenced the room.

Satina nodded.

Rio had a soft, sad smile on his lips when he rested a hand on Phillip's arm. "Let's go. We need you ready to fight the Mayor when Iara discovers the location of his hideout ."

"Wait, what? I probably lost my powers, partner. I thought that would grant me some weeks on vacation!"

probably Rio let out a hearty laugh. It was almost as if nothing had happened. "Don't be stupid, Phil. We still have a city to save. And don't pout, you know it doesn't work on me."

"You're brutal," Phillip murmured.

"Way more than you imagine. Now let's go."

Rio closed the door at his back, and Satina found herself alone again. She closed her eyes, trying to get a little rest. She also tried to push away the feeling of impending doom swirling in her chest, but that was almost as hard as not breathing.

Hours later, her phone woke her up.

Satina reached for it and winced when the little machine discharged an electric shock on her fingers. "What the hell?" she mumbled, rubbing the sleep off her eyes. She swiped up to accept the call—and widened her eyes when she heard what Anachronica had to say.

They had found the location where Toni's corpse and the Lifeforce-stealing machines were kept... it was time to attack.

Satina jumped to her feet, heart racing. Léon was close to the eye of the storm, and he didn't even know it. She grabbed her phone, her jacket and rushed out of the door.

***

Ragged street was busy when Satina left her cab. New Continent's police force shouted at a large group of marching people. For the first time in almost two decades, people asked for a vote. They asked for a new mayor.

new Satina sneaked between the men and women holding posters and banners and slipped to the narrow stairs leading to the pulmonary alleys and into Léon's home. When she arrived there, a shiver ran down her spine.

Something was wrong .

wrong Satina rushed to Léon's place and found the door unlocked. Inside, Léon was shouting at a minuscule Roberto, who kept his head down, protected by his hands.

"...saw it all with my own eyes, Roberto!" Léon finished.

Satina's heartbeat raced. If that conversation was going to follow the path she thought it would, she couldn't let anyone else hear it. She rushed to the door and closed it, resting her forehead against the cold plasmetal.

"I just tried to help Toni, I never..." Roberto trailed off. His voice was small and weak like a hurt deer.

"You never thought about me," Léon completed.

"That's not what I meant!" Rob rushed to say. He lowered his hands and looked at Léon. His eyes were black, dark veins spreading like webs around them. "I swear, Tiger. Please. I just wanted to... I just..."

Léon staggered a step back. "Your eyes."

"It's nothing." Rob hid his face again. "I'm used to it. It happened every time Toni forced his way inside my head, it... it'll soon go back to normal."

Holy shit.

Holy shit. Satina's widened eyes focused on Roberto. What kind of life did Rob have with those monsters?

Léon reeled a couple of steps and fell on the armchair. He seemed drained and confused, his face warped into a type of tiredness Satina had never seen on him. A thick silence covered the room.

With a deep sigh, Léon shattered it into pieces. "I didn't tell you this in the past because I wanted you to take my side on your own will. I wanted you to show you respected me and my decisions." Léon raised his eyes. "You didn't. Still, you need to know— Toni and his father fooled you. He was never unstable. He was just hungry for power."

Toni Rob's gaze met Léon's. The whites in his eyes came back to show a dark expression of fury. "He... what ?"

what "You heard me." Léon got up. He turned to leave and smiled when he met Satina. Thank you, he mouthed, opening a soft smile. "And just so you know..." Léon peered over his shoulder back at Roberto. "I saw something else in your thoughts. I know you were trying to do the same thing these past few months. You were trying to unlock my powers to use them."

Thank you, "N-no... Léon... no!" Rob got up, shaky hands and lips and voice and everything. "T-that's not the whole story. I swear, i-it's..."

"Save it. I don't wanna hear it." León walked towards Satina and wrapped her in a hug. He popped a kiss on her cheek and stepped out of the house, closing the door at his back with a bang.

Slowly, in a deep silence that scared the hell out of Satina, Rob kneeled, weak and frail and small.

"What did you do ?" Satina asked.

do "He'll never talk to me again," Rob murmured. He sobbed, his face hidden. "I thought I could save Toni and Rafa, and I thought I could have him by my side... all I wanted was to do the right thing, Satina. To be a hero, like he was... but I was a monster instead."

***

*** Hey, you! Thank you so much for reading this chapter. If you enjoyed it, please consider voting and sharing this story with a friend! ♥

Hey, you! Thank you so much for reading this chapter. If you enjoyed it, please consider voting and sharing this story with a friend! Welp. Rob, Rob, Rob. What should we do with you? :\ What did you think of Phillip's decision? Should he really have given away his powers before facing The Mayor? o_o

Welp. Rob, Rob, Rob. What should we do with you? :\ What did you think of Phillip's decision? Should he really have given away his powers before facing The Mayor? o_o I'm posting a couple of illustrations of BISCA characters on my Instagram. If you want to see your favorite character, ask questions about them or just connect with me on ig too, I'm LigiaTheAuthor around there ♥

I'm posting a couple of illustrations of BISCA characters on my Instagram. If you want to see your favorite character, ask questions about them or just connect with me on ig too, I'm LigiaTheAuthor around there This week I want to say a special thank you to Glitter_bliss for all the reads and votes ♥ You're amaziing! ♥♥♥

This week I want to say a special thank you to Glitter_bliss for all the reads and votes Glitter_bliss You're amaziing!





forty-nine: the dirge (Part I)


— Rob —



— Rob — — Rob —

Two years ago, Rob's life had changed.

It happened in quick succession: in March 2045, Toni was killed in a mysterious fight during which Rob was just half-aware of what was happening. Toni's body was mangled and cut into tiny pieces as if by fear it'd be glued in place again, and when Rob woke up, covered in slits and bruises, he couldn't say where his blood began and where Toni's ended.

After Rob finally managed to control his gag reflex and the despair melting the strength in his legs, he cried for help.

He could endure how the heroes looked at him and how suspicious they became of him, but he could never sit through what happened next. One week after Toni's death, Rob and his sister had a strange conversation. Then, she left home. Their chat had been nothing but confusing and cryptic, but it was enough to know Rafa was about to risk her life for a mission she really believed in...

could really And if his sister had a duty she wanted to fulfill, Rob would never get in her way. He worried about her, of course, but he supported her decisions.

This changed when Rafa's reports stopped coming.

The days, weeks, then months went by without any hint of her whereabouts, no matter how much Rob looked for her. She had disappeared, and even if Rob had vowed to find her, he had no clue of where to begin searching—so he searched everywhere.

Until Brash called for him.

It was a moonless night in January 2047, and the wind whistled a sad dirge outside. Rob hugged his mentor—for, at the time, he was his only rock—and sat down across from him at the dinner table. It had been a difficult time for Roberto, and he was sure Brash suffered just as much since half of the children he used to care for were gone. But... with one sentence, Brash not only proved the contrary, but he also ruined the world for Roberto.

"I'm sorry to say this, Robbie, but"—Brash fished his wine glass from the table and took a swig—"Your sister, unfortunately, has cancer."

The spit in Rob's mouth turned to sand. He watched as Brash swirled his wine and took another sip.

"How do you know that?" Rob had asked. "My sister's been missing for 22 months. This is the first time you ever told me anything about her. Did you know where she was this whole time?"

On that cold, dark night of January, Brash told Roberto that yes , he knew where Rafaela had been all along. The "mission" she had accepted, the one which could scythe her life, was to make sure Toni wouldn't die —as if he hadn't already. Brash needed Rafaela's cosmic trace for that... and Rafa had offered it to him, out of the goodness in her heart. She was sacrificing herself to keep alive the minced meat bowl that Toni had become.

yes die Rob had to control the fury in his voice and the pain in his chest. Part of him wished to believe this was all a misunderstanding. Part of him wanted Brash to laugh and say he was joking... but that moment never came.

"There is only one problem," Brash had told him. "Rafa's sickness is siphoning her powers. Soon, both her life and her cosmic trace will end."

By this point in the conversation, Rob's jaw was closed so tight he couldn't answer anymore. He felt sick, angry, and confused. Was Brash so insane he thought his actions were... normal? Acceptable? Justifiable? Why was that bloody daft, that motherfucker, lying piece of shit, acting as if this was nothing?

Justifiable? It's his sister they were talking about!

It's his sister they were talking about! A good five minutes passed by in complete silence. Brash had placed his glass of wine on the table and—out of respect or good acting—didn't touch his food anymore. Finally, Rob spoke up.



"Why are you bloody telling me all this?" His trembly hand closed around the nearest knife on the table.

Brash looked at the knife, then back at Rob. "Oh, son. Because you're family, of course. I couldn't let your sister continue with this—and she wants to—without telling you. Your sister is a heroine, Robbie. A real one. And she's willing to give her life to the cause she chose: to bring Toni back."

wants Rob didn't believe him.

After this conversation, his search for his sister began. He kept his distance from the other heroes and plunged into his missions like a magnet attracted to nickel.

During a bank robbery, when Rob was about to give up for good, he saw Léon, and not even his ID concealer was able to hide him from Roberto. Rob had locked Léon in a rear chokehold when Leo touched his tattoos, making pure electricity run through his body. He recognized that touch.

Léon, the boy he thought had died seven years ago, was not only alive but locked in his arms, about to be arrested by his own hands. Rob let him go... then followed him.

It took him a while, but he finally found an old friend who knew more about Reality Warp. This friend , who became his contact inside Invidia, agreed to help him reach Iara but warned him their meeting would be a lot of pain. And she would want something in exchange, in case he survived.

friend lot Without thinking twice, Rob accepted the deal.

And that's how all this story began: with Rob, desperate to find his sister's location, Toni's situation, and the mysterious plan that got Brash siphoning Rafa's life.

***

Today, sitting on Léon's sofa in his small house in Ragged Street, Rob couldn't believe how much had happened since then. He always knew it'd be hard to follow his plan, but he never imagined how much . And he never thought he'd fall in love again, which made things even more complicated.

how much Léon alone could save his sister and stop Brash. He had enough power for that; he just needed the right instructor. Because of the mission's importance, Rob thought he could do what he had learned in the Heroic League. He should inspire Léon to save them, c onvince him this was for the best., and veer him into the right path.

inspire onvince veer But no matter how many different words Rob used to describe his actions, he was now noticing—with a disgust he tried hard to suppress—that perhaps only two words could describe the things he did: lying and manipulating.

Still, one question remained. Was it so bad?

Was it so bad? "Oh, boy." Satina's breathing shallowed, and the woman plopped down on the armchair as Léon had earlier. "I can't believe this shit." She raised her eyes, a sub-machine-glare zeroed in on Roberto. "I was ready to believe you were not the piece of shit Phil says you are, but... you reall y are a traitor, aren't you?"

reall Rob scoffed. His voice was small and tight, yet drenched in irony. " Phillip said I'm a piece of shit?"

Phillip "I'm not even gonna answer, man. We're not talking about Phillip here. We're talking about your foster father and that crazy... what? What was Toni to you? A brother? A brother-fiancé, if this shit couldn't be more fucked up?"

not father Rob tightened his grip on the thick locks of his hair. Anger built inside him.

What the bloody hell did any of them understand, anyway? Neither Satina nor his own boyfriend knew how much he was suffering. None of them understood how terrible Rob felt all the time and how much of a fucker he was forced to be.

forced

Steeling his voice, Rob pushed his tears down his throat.

"The Mayor raised me since I was four, and yes, I once saw him as my father, but that changed a long time ago. That changed when he and Toni tricked me into bringing Léon to them. He was a mentor. A master. A leader. And Toni was definitely never my brother. I only did what I did because I wanted Brash to accept me. To be proud of me. And... since Toni was his son, if I didn't try to help him when I did, he would... Brash would hate me."

four, never Brash hate "I can't believe it," Satina mumbled.

"Besides, they just wanted to see Léon's powers. I never thought that'd be a problem. Did I make a bloody mistake? Yeah, I did. A possible terrible one, for that matter. But is this a crime that deserves such a reaction? I don't suppose so."

see "Oh, Goddess."

"I... induced him to show his powers, yeah, because then I'd have Tony alive, Brash would like me, and Léon would be one of us. What's so bloody wrong with that? I was eighteen!"

induced "Holy shit. Listen to yourself, man!"

"I suppose I was wrong, but..."

"You don't suppose shit, Roberto. You were wrong. Period."

suppose were "But just tell me, Satina, was I really a bad person just for wanting him by my side?"

"Holy fuck, Roberto! Why are you making all this about you ?" She scoffed. "I'll explain the situation if it's that difficult to understand." She got up, her face darkening. "You were bad for thinking your opinion was the only one that mattered." Rob stared at her, and Satina continued, "You were bad for blindly following Brash and Toni's orders without thinking for yourself. You were bad for manipulating all of us. And you were bad for doing all that without thinking about your boyfriend. You just can't decide other people's lives in their place!"

fuck, you bad bad bad bad Satina let her words sink. Then, the lashing continued.

"But the worst of it all is that you keep vomiting excuses. It's all about me, me, me , poor hurt Roberto!" Her words cut like blades. "Sorry to say, but you're not the only fucker with a sad backstory here; we all have one. We're all hurting. And instead of caring about that, every single one of your words just shows me how much of an egotistical little shit you are!" she shouted. "I really wanted to believe in you, Roberto, but it gets harder by the second."

keep me, me, me all single really Rob sniffed and rubbed his face. She was wrong... wasn't she? Rob couldn't have been so terrible... could he?

wasn't she? could he? "And... and what was that shit Léon talked about? Did you really come back after all this time just to betray him again?"

betray Gingerly, Rob raised his eyes. When his gaze met Satina's, something cold swirled in his stomach.

She was holding a flaming blue business card between her fingers. "Tell me everything you told Léon. From the beginning. Now."

***

Léon came back almost one hour later to find Satina and Roberto almost in the same position they were in when he left. When his eyes met Rob's, he averted his gaze to focus outside the window, leaving Rob to the difficult job of facing the small gadget at his hand.

"I'm growing impatient," Iara said through the comms.

Satina answered, "Warp just arrived. He, Bear, and I are ready."

"Fred, Medusa, and I are listening. You know, those who really matter," Phillip said. " Ouch . Okay. And Grego... uh... The Nurse too."

Ouch The Nurse

"That's a stupid alias," Rio said.

"What about Needles?" Fred offered.

"Zip it!" Medusa ordered. "We're here too."

"The Twins and Parfait are here with Anachronica, Fire Sapphire, and I," Iara said. "I believe we're ready to begin. I don't think we'll have any more help than this."

Those words spread a shiver down Rob's back.

"Now that we're all here, I'll begin." Iara cleared her throat. "With Satina and Silvia's help, we've discovered The Mayor is keeping Antônio McCokay's body and a still-unidentified machine—supposedly the life-force stealing machine—in the Murilean Manors, stupidly close to Warp, Bear, and Bureau's current location. We can't access any information, blueprint, and we can't have any visual of the place through any of our satellites, so my first suggestion would be to have a scout team in there. We need information about how protected the place is, its layout, and how to get inside."

"I don't think we'll stumble on all that information just by climbing a wall and taking a peek inside." Léon's tone was detached and cold as he walked towards the armchair Satina was sitting on. He sat on the armrest beside her. "To prepare as a strike team is better. We should try to get in, test their defenses, then get out. If anything happens, I can get us out of there."

There was hesitance in Anachronica's voice when she said, "I don't think it's a good idea. This would only make our future attempts harder. And I must remind you we spent months trying to find this location—we only found it this time thanks to a small breach of security that, according to Bureau, never existed until then."

Satina nodded in a grave manner and propped her chin in one hand. "It should've been easier to find power spikes in the city using Invidia's satellites, but The Mayor found a way to mask it... and that's what makes the situation so strange. It's almost as if this breach of security was created specifically for us to find. There is a huge chance that this is a trap."

created is "I have enough power to completely destroy that place if needed," Léon retorted. "Trap or not, I say we march."

destroy Rob risked a glance towards Léon. His face was severe, cold, and hard as stone. This Léon was... unafraid. Calculating. Bleak as a piercing gale.

"You're insane!" Iara stifled a laugh. "What's gotten into you, Warp?"

"I just don't see any reason to drag this problem any longer." Léon's eyes bore into Roberto's with unmatched violence. "I'm tired of all this. I want this situation gone ."

gone Averting his eyes to the tips of his shoes, Rob sighed.

Phillip cackled. "I like that! I'm with Warp. I'll be part of his strike team if needed."

"Don't let your impatience get the better of you, Red. Once The Mayor discovers Iara and Bear are alive, there's no second chance for a surprise attack," Medusa said.

It was dark outside, and the rioters had long gone to their houses, so there was an eerie silence in the streets. Inside, the cold vibe Léon was emanating made Rob's throat tighten.

"Thank you, Red, but I think you'll all take too long to get here." Léon straightened his back. "If this is really a breach, it might be caused by an electrical problem, for instance. We'd have the upper hand since their defense mechanisms would be limited or damaged, wouldn't we?"

really Satina massaged her chin, deep in thought.

"Oh, silly-billies!" Mary said with a chuckle. Her voice was distant, as if she was on the other side of a room. "If The Mayor wanted the energy from the power grid to feed his hungry machine, and if this machine is sitting like a well-behaved little death-robot inside the Murilean Manors..." She trailed off.

"Shit. You're right, Fait," Satina said. "The Mayor is stealing the city's energy for his machine. There's no way the power would run out unless something catastrophic happened. Like an explosion. We're close to the Murilean Manors, we'd know if something was wrong in there."

for catastrophic "There is no question that this is a trap, then," Anachronica said. "The Mayor wanted us to find him. But why?"

"To him, Red Menace, Fire Sapphire, the Dragoness, Anachronica and I are dead," Rob said. "Whoever he wants, it's none of us."

Léon furrowed his eyebrows. He thought for a moment, then scoffed. "Me. He wants me."

***

*** Hi, love! Thank you so much for reading this chapter! :3~ I hope you're enjoying the read.

Hi, love! Thank you so much for reading this chapter! :3~ I hope you're enjoying the read. On a more serious note...

On a more serious note... With all this chaos happening in our society, I thought I should also leave a quick message here about it. I hope you're all keeping yourselves, your families, and friends safe. I know social distancing can be difficult, but remember we're all in this together! Still, if you're feeling alone and need someone to talk to, please feel free to drop me a message here or on Instagram. ♥

With all this chaos happening in our society, I thought I should also leave a quick message here about it. I hope you're all keeping yourselves, your families, and friends safe. I know social distancing can be difficult, but remember we're all in this together! Still, if you're feeling alone and need someone to talk to, please feel free to drop me a message here or on Instagram. This situation gave me a lot to think about, actually. Being together with people that have the same beliefs as you do is really rare. It's a precious thing to find someone who sees the world in the same light as you do, and if you're reading my book, chances are you share my views of a welcoming, just and equal society for everyone. A beautiful place where you're allowed to be who you are and love freely...

This situation gave me a lot to think about, actually. Being together with people that have the same beliefs as you do is really rare. It's a precious thing to find someone who sees the world in the same light as you do, and if you're reading my book, chances are you share my views of a welcoming, just and equal society for everyone. A beautiful place where you're allowed to be who you are and love freely... But not everyone out there thinks like us.

But not everyone out there thinks like us. I'm writing a story about LGBT+ supervillains who have to find their path and see the dangers of being selfish and egotistical. Honestly, I'm not sure if this book will ever make as much success as other books in Wattpad, but I'm okay with that because it means that you still gave me the *privilege* of telling this story to you, even though you probably didn't even know me before. And from the bottom of my heart, thank you for that. :)

I'm writing a story about LGBT+ supervillains who have to find their path and see the dangers of being selfish and egotistical. Honestly, I'm not sure if this book will ever make as much success as other books in Wattpad, but I'm okay with that because it means that you still gave me the *privilege* of telling this story to you, even though you probably didn't even know me before. And from the bottom of my heart, thank you for that. :) I believe people like us can make a positive change in the world, so I hope we can stick together. Today, to endure this difficult situation we're living. And in the years to come, to overcome anything in our way. ♥

I believe people like us can make a positive change in the world, so I hope we can stick together. Today, to endure this difficult situation we're living. And in the years to come, to overcome anything in our way. Don't forget to vote if you're enjoying this story. If you have a friend who thinks like us and who might like this story, please consider sharing it with them! ♥♥♥



Don't forget to vote if you're enjoying this story. If you have a friend who thinks like us and who might like this story, please consider sharing it with them!

Love you all.

Love you all. Ligia

Ligia AAAND this week comes with a huge thank you to the lovely Odair_Goes_A_Fangirl and bleachedbr3ad . Thank you sooo much for reading and for all your votes! ♥♥♥

AAAND this week comes with a huge thank you to the lovely Odair_Goes_A_Fangirl and bleachedbr3ad . Thank you sooo much for reading and for all your votes! Odair_Goes_A_Fangirl bleachedbr3ad





fifty: dirge (Part II)


— Léon —

— Léon — — Léon — "What makes you so sure, Warp?" Iara asked. "Turn on your projections and let me see your faces."

Léon scoffed but obeyed. Iara was supposed to be the strongest of them all—shouldn't she know all this already? Shouldn't she help him?

help All around the room, shaky projections of each one of them lit up.

Léon took a deep breath. He had part of his memories back, and with them came knowledge. And power. But there was so much pain in it too. His life in Old Continent, his family, his childhood friends... Every dead memory once buried in his brain was now starting to claw their way out of their graves—and this process was as confusing as it was painful.

But Léon didn't have time to lose.

"I started remembering things. From my past." His announcement was met with silent astonishment. "Thanks to Fire Sapphire, we knew The Mayor was planning to revive his son using the whole city's Life-force as fuel. But there are some things we didn't know..."

didn't With a leveled voice that betrayed little to no emotion, Léon told them what Rob had revealed. He told them about Rafaela's real identity, about her cosmic trace, and about how The Mayor had been using her to keep Toni alive. He also told them what had happened between Toni, The Mayor, and him, seven years ago, when they tried to convince Léon to join them.

"The Mayor thought I died that day. This means two things." Léon leaned back in his seat and cleared his tired throat. "First, The Mayor is only trying to reap the city because Rafaela's cosmic trace is about to end along with her life. Second—"

"He must see you as a good replacement for Rafa. For him, it's either you or the city," Iara completed in his place, her voice quiet and sharp. Something lingered in her gaze, a sharp-toothed predator circling under the dark ponds of her eyes.

Léon nodded. "The Mayor knows I have the cosmic trace. Now that he found me, he wants to use me the same way he used Rafaela."

"Wait. When you say he found you, do you mean... ?" Phillip perked up in his chair.

"Yes. I remembered what happened when The Mayor attacked Invidia." Léon rested his eyes on Phillip. "So... thank you."

A tiny smile formed on his lips when Phillip nodded.

"This is too much. I can't believe Daddy..." Celena sniffed and trailed off. Anachronica placed a hand on her shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze.

Léon looked at Rob to find him hiding his face again. For a reason Léon couldn't understand, he had left Roberto's name out of the story. Was it to protect him? Or was it a test? Not even Léon himself knew the answer.

The room drowned in silence. The faces spread in it showed different stages of grief, fear, and disgust. Only one of them seemed to feel something different.

"You..." Iara began. Considering the strain in her voice and how trembly it sounded, Léon knew she was furious. Still, her expression was a marble sculpture of dignity. "You should've told me all this sooner."

all "I only discovered it... maybe an hour ago," Léon answered.

Iara took in a sharp breath. "Do you know what the cosmic trace is? What it really is, past the glorified name it received?"

"Uh. Yes," Léon said. "It's the trace that can create ethereal weapons and creatures that—"

"No. The cosmic trace manipulates cosmic energy. This energy is a gentle flow; it's what connects peoples, worlds, and dimensions. It exists in everything and everyone ." She licked her lips. "Cosmic trace wielders have a choice. They can choose to tap into the ever-growing, infinite pool of cosmic energy, or they can choose to keep it, caging it inside them.

everyone

"The first group controls its flow, shaping it into what they want. They veer the course of the cosmic energy around them as if it was a river. Then, they give it back. It's dangerous to do it because it means you're not always powerful, not until you fully master it—and it can take decades to do that. To achieve this, you need to keep your emotions under control. You need mental, physical, and emotional training. This is the right way to do it." She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, saying with a hint of pride in her voice, "This is what you've been doing and what Rafaela Tapir used to do."

Iara's voice hardened as if she struggled to keep it leveled. "The second ones are the wielders who choose to ravish cosmic energy. They steal it, eat it, process it, and keep it. They grow strong. Their skin grows rigid, their minds grow sharper, and their powers grow more violent than anything any human could ever imagine."

ravish "That sounds amazing," Phillip breathed out.

"No, it doesn't," Iara said in a sharp tone. "When they get fed enough, their connection with the cosmic energy is severed. They interrupt the flow, and the only way to establish again is by stealing it from other people. They tear it from others! The result is catastrophic. It creates unbalance, chaos, and death." Her voice steeled, her tone got louder. " Antônio McCockay brings unbalance, chaos, and death. He's a harbinger of destruction who had the nerve to feed on Rafaela's powers. The father will pay for that... but the son must not be allowed to come back!"

Antônio McCockay nerve not Léon furrowed his brows while Anachronica set a questioning gaze on her wife. Iara hadn't reacted like this when Celena told them her father's plans. What kind of connection she had with Rafaela, to make Iara so much furious than before?

"Isn't it what your farms do, though?" Léon arched an eyebrow. "Don't they steal life force from Invidia workers?"

"Of course not!" Iara scoffed. "My farms suck the life-force people waste. We get what they don't use anymore, and that's about it."

"Still, the job you force them into is what causes their life-force to dwindle in the first place."

Iara stared at Léon. "I don't force people into their jobs, Warp. The work they do is what they choose to do." She clicked her tongue and brushed the thought away with a flick of her hand. "Say whatever you want, it doesn't matter right now. What matters is to stop Brash McCockay."

choose "Then let's get back to planning," Medusa said in a firm voice.

Celena interrupted her. "Uh..." she frowned, then handed a small device to Iara. "I think one of the heroes is trying to... help us?"

Rob's eyebrows shot up. "Who?"

"I have zero idea. Silvia just forwarded me a message."

"Can we trust it?" Medusa asked.

"According to Silvia, yes. Whoever this is, it has a direct connection with our favorite AI." Celena's brow furrowed even more. "But... I'm supposed to be dead. How could they know who to send this to?"

"What does it say?" Satina slid to the edge of her seat.

Celena sighed, shaking her head. "It says that going to the Murilean Manor tonight is a death sentence. It says we should go to the warehouse instead, to look for a... skeleton key?" She looked at Léon. "Daddy really wants to get you if he's ready to move the whole League into the Murilean Manor. But I have no idea what this key is."

the warehouse "How can a fucking key help us right now?" Phillip asked.

"I know what it is." Rob cursed under his breath. "It's more of an artifact than a key. It's... uh... tech stuff?"



"That's a very precise explanation, partner." Phillip scoffed.

Léon's first instinct was to bash Phillip's face for the disdain in his voice, but he calmed himself. Roberto wasn't worth the headache. "It's better than nothing. What else can you tell us, Bear?"

"Well," Rob's gaze set on Léon for the first time after their conversation. "There was this rumor in the Heroic League. People said Brash confiscated a lot of things back in the day, when the villains and heroes came up with their own weapons and tech. He supposedly hid all that rubbish in a secret place he called the warehouse . Nobody honestly believed it to be a warehouse, of course. He wouldn't make it so obvious."

warehouse "But, darling, his superhero codename is The Mayor ," Medusa said.

The Mayor "Even if he's more of a dictator instead," Satina completed.

"And hiding in plain sight is way more effective," Fred added with a shrug.

"Seriously, Friedrich." Rio shook his head.

Fred gasped. "Oi! Don't say my real name, dude."

"Go on, Bear," Léon said, raising his voice.

"Right. So... there's this one thing we secured together. The skeleton key. It was created by some girl named Gussyp, quite a few decades ago. She was a journalist-turned-vigilant, I suppose. She was tired of how much the media twisted the news to satisfy the government, so she decided to intervene and tell the masses what was really going on with the environment in Old Continent. She had four traces, and she infused them all in this small box that supposedly makes you invisible to people and machines alike. It's pretty much like the door you destroyed in the Heroic Club," he said to Léon. "Except this one is portable, fits in your pocket, and manages to hide up to five people."

four "You know, Deary-Bearie, Iara should hire you for her next Invidia TV AD. Now I want my own skeleton key!" She chuckled. Ida and Vinda pulled her closer, whispering something in her ear. Mary's eyes glazed over, and she got up. "Wait for me, Warpie-pie. I'm going with you too!"

"What? Fait... Parfait!" Léon called. It was useless. Léon shared a confused look with Satina as Mary disappeared from the screen.

"What about the skeleton key, Bear?" Celena asked.

"Oh. Gussyp used it for a few months—her reports on the environment were what convinced Brash to build New Continent, you know—and then she just... disappeared without a trace. What I know is that, years after she disappeared, Brash and I stumbled upon her Gussy-cave during one of my training sessions. It was empty inside, except for this small, golden triangle that made me disappear when I touched it. Brash asked to keep it, saying it needed to be protected from the wrong hands . He took it. I never saw it again."

wrong hands "That would be ridiculously useful for us," Iara said.

"I can get it. I'll blow my cover if I need to. I don't mind the danger." Rob straightened his back. "I know Brash and his tricks, and I'll know how to deal with anything in there."

"So eager," Iara said, narrowing her eyes.

"I'm sure he's just trying to pay for some unforgivable crime," Phillip said, his face painted with dark satisfaction.

"It's a good thing to look for redemption," Rio added, looking directly at Phillip. "People should do it more often."

Iara cleared her throat. "We'll end this meeting on this... positive note." Was that a fond smile on her lips? "I shall contact you all again in three hours. It's enough time to find a few leads on this warehouse of yours. I suggest you use this time to rest."

fond

When the screens turned off, a heavy silence set on the trio. Satina looked from Roberto to Léon, maybe trying to decide what to say. It must be difficult for her, Léon thought. Satina had taken an uncharacteristic liking to Roberto and had done her best to be their cupid... but she knew what Rob had done, and Satina Hamman was never one to forgive and forget.

With a huff and tongue-clicking impatience, Léon shook his head. "I don't think I can rest. It took us four months to discover where the Mayor was keeping his machine and Antônio's body. When we finally found it, we discovered we still need something else... this is frustrating." He shook his head and got up, crossing the small living room to stop by the front window.

Between houses and electricity poles, the Murilean Manor rose like a monster, as threatening as it had been in the undimension.

"It's hard to believe Iara will find that damned warehouse in three hours." He turned to face Satina. "What if the Mayor moves the machine to another place? What if he manages to complete his plan tonight? What if we wake up to hundreds of thousands of corpses lying on the streets?" His voice wavered. He cleared his throat.

thousands "Oh, Leo." Satina combed her hair back with the tips of her fingers. "Please tell me you're not thinking about invading that hellhole alone."

"You could come with me."

could Satina licked her lips, considering his words for a moment. "Is this Reality Warp speaking? Or the Legend?"

"That's the thing, Satina. They are both Léon ." He sighed and sank on the sofa. "If only we knew where that damned key was..."

Léon Rob jumped to his feet. Wide-eyed, he crossed the room and stopped in front of the narrow closet where he stashed his things. Under Léon's curious gaze, he shuffled in his bags until he finally found a small plasmetallic box. Rob threw it up and caught it a few times as if weighing what he was about to do. Finally, he looked at Léon with a soft curl of lips and tossed the plasmetallic box to him.

"You might want to check this. I... took this info from Silvia before we escaped Silverin Heights." Rob scratched the back of his neck and heaved in a deep, sad breath. "I was searching for my sister. It's a list of addresses Silvia compiled based on what Brash and Rafa talked about... some of them seem as protected as the crown's jewels. With some luck, perhaps one of them will be the warehouse."

For a moment, Léon considered asking him when he was planning to tell them about that permir chip and what else he was still hiding... but he was tired. Rob had done so much already that it didn't even surprise him anymore. Manipulation, lying, betrayal... what was a little information keeping in the face of all that?

Léon shook his head and handed the plasmetallic box to Satina. She snatched it, opened it, and took the permir chip inside. Without saying a word, she inserted the chip into a small device on her wrist and started skimming through the mountains of files. After each new one, her face twisted more and more in horror and disgust.

As she focused on the documents, Léon closed his eyes. It was hard to control the pain that sliced his chest every time he looked at Roberto.

"I can see how upset you are," Rob said in a low voice, taking one step towards him. "I..." he glanced at Satina, then at Léon. "I can see why you're feeling like that.

It was even harder when Rob talked like that. Rob was back to being that broken shield he was when he arrived at Invidia. It felt like ages ago.

"I'll... I'll do whatever I can to fix the mess I made." Rob took another step forward and reached for Léon's hand. "I promise you that, Tiger."

"I'm not just upset," Léon answered. There was a lot he wanted to say, but the words got stuck in his throat. Léon pulled his hand away and got up to put as much distance as he could between them.

Pain flashed in Rob's eyes. He ducked his gaze, setting it on the tip of his boots. Léon wanted so much to touch him. To hold him, hug him, and to say everything would be fine...

But he didn't believe that.

"You never did, though. Did you?" Rob asked in a whisper. "You never trusted me. Even when you didn't know what I had done, you still didn't give me a second chance." He swallowed, lips moist with sadness. "Now that you remember everything... you definitely won't give me one, will you?"

Léon's lips parted to give him an answer, but a knock on the door interrupted their conversation. He frowned and made a beeline for the entry. When he opened it, Léon managed a weak curl of lips. "You're fast, Mary."

"I have a NAV." Mary beamed and winked, stepping into the house. She slipped one of her little hands into her skirt's pocket while the other adjusted the strap of her golden backpack. "And I brought gifts. You puddings could use a little enhancement, methinks." She winked. "Two little birds told me you'd invade a warehouse tonight. I'll go with you. To protect you."

A shiver ran Léon's spine. "How did you...?"

"Mary!" Satina greeted with a wide smile. "Glad you're here." She got up, her smile shrinking into a smirk. "That's good timing, too. I know exactly where we need to go."

Léon beamed.

"Should we tell Iara and the others?" Rob asked.

"We can call them on the way," Léon said. "Right, Tiny?"

Satina nodded. "Gear up!"

***

*** Thank you so, so, so much for reading this chapter! Please don't forget to vote if you're enjoying the read. ♥ The next chapter will be filled with action and shall have a little surprise. Are you ready for it?

Thank you so, so, so much for reading this chapter! Please don't forget to vote if you're enjoying the read. The next chapter will be filled with action and shall have a little surprise. Are you ready for it? I hope you're all keeping yourselves and your loved ones safe.

I hope you're all keeping yourselves and your loved ones safe. Last week some of you asked me to draw Rio, sooo... here's a little gift for you all!

Last week some of you asked me to draw Rio, sooo... here's a little gift for you all! Let's have fun together online since we can't go outside hahaha. Who should I draw next and what's your favorite character?

Let's have fun together online since we can't go outside hahaha. Who should I draw next and what's your favorite character? Wishing you loads of love,

Wishing you loads of love, Ligia

Ligia

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





fifty-one: a warehouse


— Rob —



— Rob — — Rob —

The sound of waves under the wooden structure swallowed the noise coming from the busy streets around New Continent's east container port. Orangish lights that looked two-decades-old flicked on and off with buzzes. Moths the size of closed fists bumped against the bulbs, making repetitive knock-knock-knocks that were starting to grate at Rob's nerves.

knock-knock-knocks He was feeling like the big pile of shite he was.

"It's really a warehouse," Léon said. "I can't believe it's really a warehouse. A whole complex of them!" From a distance, a ship honked its horn, making Léon's shoulders jump.

really "We give Fred too little credit. Maybe I should change my codename to Bureau Satina ." She snorted and shook her head.

Bureau Satina Mary chuckled and peered around the large container the group was hiding behind. "I have good news and bad news. The good news is that I can see only one guard. The bad news is that you're not gonna like who it is."

"It's Cotton Candy. We already saw him," Rob said.

"Is it?" Mary smiled and peered at the hero again. "Funny. It doesn't seem like him. I was about to say it was—"

seem "Shush!" Rob pulled Mary back behind the container. He pressed a finger against his lips and listened. Through the long shadows that stretched beyond their hiding place, Rob saw a second shadow jumping down from the top of the warehouse, then drawing to their full height.

"Can you take care of everything while I'm gone?" Sniper asked.

"Shouldn't be too difficult."

"The complex has about five warehouses like this, man. I'll ask again—can you take care of everything?"

Cotton clicked his tongue. "Of course I can, what kind of question is that? Just tell me you brought what I asked."

Sniper remained silent for a moment, then pulled something from his backpack and handed it to Cotton. "A box of sashimi and the third volume of Werevampire-wolf, death machine. Collector's edition. I hope it helps to improve your mood."

"They went through my stuff," Rob growled in a low voice. "That comic is bloody mine !"

mine Cotton took the bundle and sighed. "I'm mourning my wife, Sniper. Nothing could improve my mood."

"Believe me. This will, even if your wife's death was ultimately your fault." Sniper patted Cotton's arm. Before Cotton could have any reaction, Sniper sneered and jumped away. "I'm counting on you. And don't forget to answer your comms. If you don't, I'll bring the whole League crashing down here." Sniper made a weird, computerized sound that resembled a chuckle. "Be careful." With those words, they jumped out of sight.

This " Puta madre ," Cotton growled.

Puta madre Rob waited for a heartbeat. He heard Cotton's steps distancing, and his shadow vanishing. When he was sure they were safe, he lifted his hand from Mary's shoulder, and she leaned forward to peek from behind the container.

"All sugar-clear." She turned around, a soft smile on her lips. "I like this Sniper person. Ignoring the fact they tried to shoot you, Deary-beary."

Rob smiled. At least Mary didn't want to skin him alive as Leo and Satina. "Yeah, well. Let's start looking."

Mary ***

Warehouses one and five were unlocked and almost empty, while others seemed as protected as the national bank of New Continent. The walls were too thick to break stealthily, there were no windows, and the roof was made of some shit , Satina had said, even harder than Phillip's head.

shit even harder than Phillip's head.

Honestly, Rob wasn't liking how much Léon and Satina were starting to talk about Phillip. He couldn't imagine a world in which that piece of shite would be considered a real man, much less a good one. He had no idea what that daft had done for Léon, but it couldn't have been impressive enough to start changing their minds about him. Could it?

good Léon wouldn't go back to him. Would he?

Léon wouldn't go back to him. Would he? His breath caught in his throat. A mix of guilt and desperation twisted in his entrails. It was the feeling of doing something wrong, and knowing it could never be changed.

He remembered Cotton and Sniper's conversation a while back. Then, he remembered one of his discussions with Rafa, his sister, years ago. Rob had once said the heroes in the League were built to be loyal. Rafa had answered they were meant to be loyal to the Mayor and no one else. According to her, that's why no hero in the city did more than date for a few weeks—months, if they were lucky.

to the Mayor Now, years later, he knew how right she was.

Rob almost jumped when a hand slapped his arm.

"I said I can hack the locks," Satina repeated, furrowing her brows. "Stop spacing out."

"I-I'm sorry." Rob cleared his throat. "What can I do?"

With a miffed expression, Satina turned to the narrow entry beside the massive double doors in warehouse three. "We will get in and out as fast as we can. Nobody can know we were here, so I'll make sure to lock after we leave." She pulled the lid from the electronic lock and stared at the glossy screen. "Be ready, I'll begin."

Not a minute later, the entry door opened with a soft click. Satina gestured to it and entered first, followed by Mary and Léon. As soon as Rob crossed the threshold, the door closed with a clack.

"Holy shit," Satina whispered.

A siren wailed outside.

She cursed under her breath, flicking her eyes around the room. "I knew it was too easy." Satina focused on the device in her wrist. She growled and furrowed her brows. "That's your fault, Bear! I was worried about having you here with us and... and...!" She trailed off.

worried Mary chuckled. "There's no time for that, B." She lowered her tone to say, "The Cotton is coming."

"All right. Let me think for a second," Satina mumbled.

Léon took a step forward. With a quick gesture, two ethereal curtains unrolled behind him.

"We can't attack him, Warp!" Satina said. "You heard what Sniper said. If Cotton fails to report, the whole League will show up here. And we need that Skeleton key!"

need "I know. Bonee and Lampee will help you find it. I'll surrender and keep him busy while you'll hide. Once you're safe, keep looking."

"I won't let you do it," Satina said.

"If I don't, this mission will fail, B!" He turned around to look at her. "Listen, I'm the only one who can still help even if I'm locked, tied up, or whatever. The Mayor needs me. Cotton would never..." he cleared his throat. "Uh... kill me."

"Be quick! Cotton is almost here," Mary said with a grin.

"Let's do this," Léon said. He focused on his curtains, opening his arms again. Two tigers crossed them in tiny, uncertain steps.

Two baby tigers.

baby "Ah, shit ." With a quick movement, Léon scooped the cubs and handed them to Roberto. "Protect them. I'll keep trying to make them grow." He popped a kiss on the cubs' heads—Lampee let out a gurgled yawn—then stepped away. "If I manage to do it, just ask them to take you to the skeleton key, all right?"

shit

"I know you're inside!" Cotton's voice boomed from beyond the walls. "Surrender, or I swear I'll melt this whole place to get you!"

"Leo," Rob called, his voice weak and uncertain. Baby Bonee climbed his chest and started licking his cheek, nipping at his chin while Baby Lampee tried to show his fangs to him, snarling.

"Do you promise not to hurt me?" Léon's eyes rested on Roberto. They were calm and composed... but they felt warm, too.

Was it wrong for Rob to have hope?

Cotton shouted back, "Maybe. You have ten seconds . You tried to steal from the Heroic League, and there's no coming back from that, champ."

ten seconds Léon swallowed hard and shouted, "Okay, okay, I'm coming out!"

Rob took a step forward. "We'll get you. As soon as we find the artifact, we'll go back to get you."

"You don't need to." Léon took in a deep breath.

"I'll open the door," Cotton said, "and when I do it, I want to see you kneeling down, hands up, your back to the entrance. Understood?"

"Yes." Léon's voice cracked. He cleared his throat and turned around to whisper to Satina, "Tell Phillip and the others what happened and ask their help for our extraction. I'll meet you outside, north of here. Don't come back for me . Take the skeleton key to Iara as fast as you can so we can end this once and for all."

Don't come back for me "How many inside there with you?" Cotton asked.

"I'm the only one," Léon shouted, walking to the door.

Satina pulled Mary and Rob, dragging them behind columns packed with boxes. When they were all hidden, Satina nodded.

"I'm ready," Léon shouted to Cotton.

The door opened, and everything was still for a moment.

Breaking the silence, Cotton said, "Oh, it's you." He sounded almost disappointed. Rob couldn't see it, but he heard the violence in the way Cotton pulled him outside. "I was worried for a moment. But you better be telling me the truth, you hear me? There's no ventilation inside; if your burglar friends die in there, that's on you."

"There's no one inside," Léon answered. "It's only me tonight. The League took or killed most of my friends."

"You should be glad that didn't happen to you, then." Cotton clicked his tongue. "You must be desperate if you're back to evilry after all that happened to the villains these past few months." He sighed. "C'mon, Warp. No funny business."

"Wait, you know who I am?"

Cotton snorted. "Oh, yeah. The Mayor told us to be careful with you. He said you're strong, though I can't really see it." He shrugged. "But I'll tell him you're here, so I'm sure he won't take long to show up. In the meanwhile, maybe I can convince you to be my friend instead of my foe, huh? That will save you a lot of suffering."

The door to the warehouse closed with a bang. Rob exchanged a look with Mary and Satina, then brought Léon's tigers closer, their soft fur brushing against his neck and face. They needed to be quick.

They needed to be really quick.

really ***

*** Thank you sooo much for reading this chapter! Please don't forget to vote if you enjoyed it.

Thank you sooo much for reading this chapter! Please don't forget to vote if you enjoyed it. This week I want to say a special thank you to unproblematictingz and kokonutty01111 for not only reading and voting but participating in the comments. ♥♥♥ And thank you foxdontcare for reading. You're so fast! hahaha I hope you'll enjoy this chapter too. ♥

This week I want to say a special thank you to unproblematictingz and kokonutty01111 for not only reading and voting but participating in the comments. unproblematictingz kokonutty01111 And thank you foxdontcare for reading. You're so fast! hahaha I hope you'll enjoy this chapter too. foxdontcare Here's a detail of something I'm working on. Hair-down-Léon makes my heart ache. A_A

Here's a detail of something I'm working on. Hair-down-Léon makes my heart ache. A_A I hope you're all safe and healthy ♥

I hope you're all safe and healthy Ligia

Ligia

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





fifty-two: Get your hands off of my woman (Part II)


**This chapter is also the conclusion of the Prologue; you don't need to, but you can reread it if you want, to remember all the details! ♥♥♥ **

**This chapter is also the conclusion of the Prologue; you don't need to, but you can reread it if you want, to remember all the details! ♥♥♥ ** **This chapter is also the conclusion of the Prologue; you don't need to, but you can reread it if you want, to remember all the details! ♥♥♥ ** — Rob —

— Rob — — Rob — It hurt to see Léon go.

When the warehouse door closed, the first thing Rob felt was regret.

felt The first thing he thought was how defenseless the cubs in his arms were.

thought The first thing he did was to say the oxygen in the room would eventually end.

did "That means there's no time to worry." Rob slid the tiger cubs into his tank top and turned around to look at Mary and Satina. "Get me your torches. We need to get out of here."

They turned on their flashlights and started their search.

Took them a while, but Satina, Mary, and Rob found the Skeleton Key in a small, old iron coffer in the fourth warehouse. As Rob remembered, it was a golden, plasmetallic triangle as thin as a leaf with the word Gussyp engraved on it.

Gussyp Although slow, their mission had been easy enough, and now, with the skeleton key in hands, they could continue their plan. Satina was about to start the slow, careful process of unlocking the warehouse door when Rob approached her. He had his eyes widened and a sheen of sweat on his body.

"Bureau." Rob's eyes widened as his hands trembled. A cloud of purple fog billowed through his fingers. "The tigers are gone. We need to get Léon back.

need ***

Rob had never run as fast as he did during those terrifying thirteen minutes that separated warehouses one and four. Mary's explosion, the fire it caused, and the dogs he had to control slowed him down, but nothing would stop him.

Not now.

Not ever.

"You forgot someone, mate!" he growled at Cotton Candy as he joined the fight.

Rob was brutal. There was still so much guilt inside him—there always was; it was his personality enhancement—but this time, the feeling was swallowed by his focus when he saw Léon needed his help. Rob had fought Cotton Candy with his bare hands, his powers forgotten, and he had won. It felt great.

great. The group took Cotton and ran through the golden statues around them, leaving the warehouse without looking back. Yes, Rob took his comic with him.

his What happened after that was just a blur. Images of warehouses and ships and street signs and rushed whispers of Holy shit, the police. Hide!

Holy shit, the police. Hide! Once outside the Heroic League's territory, protected by the good distance they had put between them and the now crowded warehouse complex, Rob let his back hit the cold brick wall of an abandoned building. His heart was still racing when the blue Maybach six drifted down the street and stopped beside them.

Rob, Mary, and Satina had saved Léon, but they had to use the special weapon Celena had created for Mary. The skeleton key was in their hands, but now The Mayor would know Rob and Celena were alive. Everything had a bitter counterpoint.

But the worst of them was that they were finally out of the warehouse complex, about to run away, but Léon was in Phillip's arms, not his.

worst Phillip's arms, Rob shoved Cotton's unconscious body into the NAV's truck and closed the lid with a bang.

"I said, I'm okay!" Léon repeated, trying to push him back once more.



Phillip staggered a few steps. "I tried to call you. Look! Thirty-four times!" He brought his phone up.

Léon's face darkened. "So it was you ."

you What was happening?

What was happening? Satina clicked her tongue. "You don't call people in the middle of a mission, Phil. Rookie mistake." She gave him a hard smack on the back, making him wince, then slipped to the front seat of his NAV.

What the bloody hell was happening?

What the bloody hell was happening? Phillip scoffed. "Well, I was worried. Sue me!"

"I might." Satina chuckled and closed the NAV door with a bang. "Let's go home already."

Mary rushed to the steering wheel and punched a button beside it to open three new seats at the back. She then jumped to the driver's seat, but Phillip raised her like a doll and plopped her on the spot behind it.

Why did they seem so... close?

Why did they seem so... close? A rustle of fabric caught his attention. Rob's eyes rested on Léon as he took his sleeveless trenchcoat off and pressed it against his chest.

"I'm okay now. You seem cold, Rob. Use it."

Rob lowered his eyes to meet the gentle hand heaving in the rhythm of his breath. He placed a hand over Léon's. "Leo, I just want to—"

"Thank you," Léon interrupted. "For coming back. And for lending me your coat." He slipped his hand out of Rob's reach and turned around to hop in the backseat of Phillip's NAV.

He felt cold, all right. When Rob sat down, Mary babbling between him and Léon, he met Phillip's green eyes in the rear-view mirror. He saw glee in them... and pity, too.

Almost an hour later, the NAV rolled to a stop in Ragged street. Léon, Satina, and Mary got out, but Rob drummed his fingers on the front seat's backrest. It was morning, sure, but he needed to sleep. Yet... he didn't think he was still welcome at Léon's place.

"You can stay with me if you want, partner," Phillip said. His eyes were set on Léon, but Rob knew the question was directed at him.

"Can you wait 'till I get my things?" Rob asked.

Phillip sighed and shifted on his seat to stare at the street before him. "Yeah, well. If you don't take too long."

There was only silence as Rob marched inside and grabbed his bag. With lowered eyes and a shy, "Thank you for everything," he left the house and climbed into Phillip's NAV.

***

"Thank you again for letting me stay with you." Rob looked at his host.

"Told you already, partner. Think nothing of it. The closer you are from me, the further away you are from Léon. It's a win-win situation." Phillip gave him a sly smile and swallowed the last gulps of his beer.

Rob rolled his eyes. "I was talking to the actual owner of the flat, mate."

actual Fred chuckled. "It's all good. I just hope you don't mind sleeping on the couch. Three in one bed is as packed as it can be."

"He doesn't." Phillip's smile morphed into a smirk. When he stared at the holo screen, his face soured. "What the hell was that, Friederich?"

hell "It's called a combo, you noob." Fred laughed. His swift thumbs tapped a quick combination in his controller. "And... there. A special." He supported the control on his lap and watched as the animation rolled on the screen. "And a loss for you, of course."



Phillip growled. "We had agreed on not using... you know what? I'll show you a combo." He pulled Fred's shirt and locked him in a rear-naked choke.

"Ouch, ouch, ouch... Rio!" Fred shouted in a gargled voice, slipping off the sofa and falling on the floor. "Help!"

"Don't go asking for help now, Friederich! My hands might be too fucked for combos on Tekken, but I still think my daggers can slice off an ear or two." Phillip unsheathed his weapon.

"Phil has as little control over his tongue as he has over his anger." Rio seemed unfazed. He raised his gaze from his digital newspaper and set it on Phillip. "Did you take your painkillers, Phillip?"

"No, Gregorio, I didn't!" he barked.

"You know you get moody when you're in pain."

"Well..." Phillip furrowed his brows. His hold on Fred loosened, and he fumbled with his words before answering, "Don't pretend to know me, Gregorio."

Rio chuckled. "I'm your nurse, Phillip." He adjusted his glasses and focused back on his read. "I know you inside out. Quite literally."

With a scoff and a soft shade of pink tinting his ears, Phillip got up from his place on the sofa and marched out of Fred's living room.

Rob blinked a few times. "I still can barely believe how well you can control him," he whispered to Gregorio. He massaged his temples and sighed. Rob wouldn't say no to a painkiller himself.

"I don't control him. Phillip does as he pleases, as he always did. The difference is that now he believes he can do some good, so he's actually making an effort."

now That was a quaint thing to hear.

quaint "Did you know he cheated on Léon?" Rio said. He didn't meet Rob's eyes; he never did. It was almost as if Gregorio couldn't bear to acknowledge his existence. Rio continued, "That's why they broke up. It was the last straw in their toxic relationship." Rio clicked his tongue. "Sure, it's not the same as pushing him to the edge of oblivion and trying to trade his powers for the approval of a megalomaniacal piece of shit, as you did, but it's close. Phillip is adamant in doing whatever he can to make up for the things he did." Rio flipped the page of his newspaper. "Have you already decided what you're gonna do?"

you're Rob blinked, confused. He repeated the words he had said to Léon. "I'll win his trust back. I'm gonna fix this mess."

Gregorio hummed, turning off the newspaper reader. "How, exactly?"

How? Rob frowned at the question.

How? He thought for a moment, recollecting his thoughts.

At first, Rob had felt betrayed . He was furious and blamed Phil, Rio, and Tiny for unlocking Léon's powers and showing him the truth. Then, he had blamed Léon himself. Then, he blamed The Mayor and Antônio. But now, Rob had to agree with Satina... he was the only one to blame in the entire story. He was the one blinded by his misplaced loyalty and by the ego hiding inside his sense of justice.

betrayed He How could he fix that?

fix Rob scratched his growing beard. His t-shirt was stained and crumpled, and the deep sulks under his eyes showed weeks of insufficient sleep. He felt broken, soul and body.

Gregorio sighed. He got up and reached for his medicine case. He took a small bottle from it and threw it to Rob. "Think about it." For the very first time, Rio raised his gaze to focus Roberto. "I thought you'd be miles away from here once Léon discovered the truth. Yet, here you are." He pursed his lips and breathed in. He said, breathing out, "I'm sure you already know this, but... you have to keep your head in place if you hope to fix anything. We'll all need you for what's to come."

Rob took the bottle. With a deep sigh, he fished one pill inside and swallowed it.

As Rio got up and shooed Fred from the living room, Rob bent forward and supported his elbows on his knees. Staring at the city outside—at the immense pile of debris that Invidia had become—he took in a deep breath and held it.

The only way to fix this was to be better than he was before and to undo what he had done. He needed to show Léon he was ready to change.

Rob would stop The Mayor, save the city... and protect Léon, no matter the cost.

***

*** Thank you sooo much for reading! I hope you're enjoying this story. If you are, please don't forget to vote and please-please consider sharing it with a friend! ♥

Thank you sooo much for reading! I hope you're enjoying this story. If you are, please don't forget to vote and please-please consider sharing it with a friend! Sigh. The end is coming and I'm already feeling all that strange stuff we feel when we're about to finish working on something we love.

Sigh. The end is coming and I'm already feeling all that strange stuff we feel when we're about to finish working on something we love. The next few chapters will have a lot of action, drama, some more truths, and the conclusion of this step on Léon and Rob's story. Do you think it'll be a happy one? A sad one? Or a bittersweet one?

The next few chapters will have a lot of action, drama, some more truths, and the conclusion of this step on Léon and Rob's story. Do you think it'll be a happy one? A sad one? Or a bittersweet one? I hope to have you by our side when we reach it. ♥

I hope to have you by our side when we reach it. Here's some quick painting of Phillip and Fred in one of Fred's competitive ESL matches. Needless to say, Phillip is competitive enough for the whole team. hahaha

Here's some quick painting of Phillip and Fred in one of Fred's competitive ESL matches. Needless to say, Phillip is competitive enough for the whole team. hahaha

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "You lose this shit and you'll be doing my laundry 'till 2054."

"You lose this shit and you'll be doing my laundry 'till 2054." "You lose this shit and you'll be doing my laundry 'till 2054." "You're not helping, Phil."

"You're not helping, Phil." "You're not helping, Phil."

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





fifty-three: roaring waves


— Rob —



— Rob — — Rob —

Phillip took exactly twenty-three minutes to cover the 45-min drive from Fred's place to Léon's. When the blue Maybech six pulled up in the alley beside Léon's house, a shiver crossed Rob's back. As dirty as the narrow street looked, this had been the place he had gone down on Léon for the first time.

Leaving the car, Phillip glanced at Gregorio. The first smirked and eyed a particular place on the wall. He winked.

"What an asshole," Rio muttered. Biting his lower lip, he shook his head, rushed to the entrance of the alley, and bumped against Phillip's shoulder, making him stumble forward.

"Hey!" Before Rio could run away, Phillip grabbed his arm and yanked him back. "Too slow, Gregorio." He held Rio's face with his free hand and pressed his cheeks. "That's for what you said in the car." Phillip let go of his arm to flick the center of his forehead.

"Ouch!" Rio shoved him backward with a small laugh and walked away, disappearing around the corner. Narrowing his eyes, a glint of joy in the ocean-green of his gaze, Phillip followed.

"Really, what's happening here?" Rob murmured, more to himself than to anyone else.

Fred left the NAV and closed the door with a bang. "It's weird to see him like this, isn't it?" he jerked his chin towards the direction Phillip had followed. "We've been working together for three years, and that's the first time I see him smiling at someone, not smirking." He crossed his arms and supported his back against the Maybach's door. "He's different."

Silence.

Rob scratched his nape and heaved in a sigh. He had to agree with that.

Fred shrugged and turned around, a tiny smile on his lips. "C'mon, let's go."

***

"What I mean is that The Mayor knows we're alive," Rob said. He was standing in the middle of Léon's living room, arms akimbo. Around him, the other few remaining members of Invidia Corp sat in silence. "Which means," he continued, "Brash will be expecting us. It won't be long until he realizes what we stole from the warehouse. We'll have to be very careful about choosing the first group to enter the manor."

Iara raised from her armchair and paraded to Rob, standing beside him. "This first group will have to be stealthy enough to not get caught, smart enough to deal with the guards, quick enough to avoid The Mayor, and strong enough to hold up until reinforcements arrive."

"Uh..." Fred raised a hand. "Can't Léon just teleport us inside? He did it before, didn't he? When you fought the Mayor at Invidia and all."

Every face turned to look at Léon. He didn't answer. His white-knuckled hands trembled at his lap, and Rob could only imagine what it felt like to have powers and not knowing their limits nor how to use them. Even with his memories back, nobody had taught Léon—not even Rob himself, who had been more worried about using Léon's powers than cultivating them.

using "He can only teleport when he knows what his destination looks like," Rob answered in his place. "My sister's powers worked the same way. Once the first group gets in The Mayor's lab and shows it through the camera, Léon can ask his tigers to take him there."

Iara licked her lips as if tasting those words. Her eyes jumped between Léon and Rob, studying them. They rested on Roberto. "Do you think he can do it alone?" There was something else behind Iara's words. They sounded like can he do it at all?

can he do it at all? "I'm positive he can," Rob answered. "I'd bet my life on it."

Phillip scoffed. " Someone is intense today."

Someone

"I'm serious," Rob snapped back.

Iara nodded. "Then Léon will stay behind to teleport the rest of us into the Murilean Manors once the first group manages to get in. After myself, Roberto has the highest endurance, so he'll join the first group, to protect them. I'll take it upon myself to make sure no one will touch Léon." Iara turned to the others in the room. "Our first group will be formed by Satina as our tech specialist, Tátia and Eureena, as crowd control, and Fred as team's support. Grizzly Bear, Bureau Assassin, Anachronica, Medusa... and Fred. Get ready to infiltrate the Murilean Manor."

Rob's jaw tightened.

"Wait, what ? Why am I in the first group?" Fred jumped to his feet. "What about Mary ? She's a monster in a fight, no one could stop her if she went all-in!"

what Mary Mary widened her smile. "Oh, Freddie, stop with the flattery." She narrowed her eyes, her lips hidden behind a porcelain cup of coffee. "We both know I'm much more than that."

"She gives me the chills," Fred completed in a low voice.

Anachronica smoothed the wrinkles in her red pantsuit. "While Mary does have a strong defense, it's stationary. She can't move once she casts her protection, and you couldn't shoot from inside or leave it without breaking it. Also, we don't want to kill them all. Medusa and I can hold their forces with non-lethal methods while Léon brings in the rest of us." Her eyes narrowed with mischief. "Besides, no one else has your abilities, Friedrich. It's time to use them."

does "I'll be there with you, Fred," Medusa said.

Fred let out a shaky breath and ducked his gaze to the tip of his sneakers. He only raised them when Phillip approached and sat down at his side.

As they talked in rushed whispers, a smile crept up to Mary's lips. She raised her hand and asked, "What will we do with him? " She gestured a pinky finger towards the bundled man in the corner of the room. Through the many layers of ropes and chains, his fluffy pink hair was the only thing giving any hint of his identity.

him? "I'll take care of my husband," Celena said. "Daddy de-villainized Cotton to make him obedient. That's what he does to people. He tried to do the same with me, but I guess it doesn't work with every super." Her eyes rested on Phillip. "Your resistance to it was particularly famous amongst us heroes."

Phillip winked, a smug smile slicing his lips. "I see my list of admirers never ceases to increase."

If Rob rolled his eyes any harder, they'd make a complete loop in their orbits. "Okay, Celena. We'll leave Cotton to you, I suppose." He looked at Anachronica. "I've heard you managed to map the basics of the manor during the security breach."

Anachronica nodded. She typed on her wrist-device, and a floor plan was projected in the center of the room. "We'll approach by sea." She pointed at the map. "This is the highest cliff in New Continent, and it works as a natural protection for the south side of the manor. Unlike everywhere else in the Continent, the rock in the cliff's face is slate . It's sharp, has low friction, and it's almost impossible to climb without the proper equipment." Her eyes hardened. "But we will ."

slate will ***

The ocean roared as the dim rays of sunlight disappeared behind the horizon. Massive waves—tons of dark, dangerous, polluted water—raged against the plasmetallic hull of their cabin cruiser. It was a small vessel with an open cabin that barely held the violence of the New Continentian sea, but it was enough for what they needed.

Water sprayed on the deck, drenching Rob's boots and the leather pants he was using. Fred was hunkered down in a corner, hugging a bucket and a bottle of water, Satina studied the floor plan flicking on and off through the sprays of foam, and Tátia and Medusa shared a quiet conversation. The former steered the ship towards the massive wall of rock before them.

Taking a deep breath, Rob approached Satina and sat beside her. "Anything new?"

A particularly tall wave made the ship tilt dangerously to the left. Clasping a hand on his mouth, Fred's shoulders quivered.

"Not really. I don't know how The Mayor is concealing this place from Silvia, but he's doing it with passion ." She slapped a button on her device, making the floor plan disappear. Satina glanced at Rob, then ran her gaze past him and onto the rock wall before the ship. "But if this is gonna be our easiest obstacle in our way to the lab, I'm afraid of what's coming next."

passion Rob nodded. His eyes wandered to the side, then climbed up towards the fog-covered building standing hundreds of meters above them. The ascent wouldn't be easy, but they would have to face it. Once up there, they'd have a better view of their targets, and it would be easier to prepare themselves for going in.

have "I still don't know why we couldn't go through the front door," Fred said in the low, sick tone of first-time sailors. He coughed a few times, then swallowed a sip of water from his bottle. "We have the damned skeleton key; we could go right in."

"If the tech The Mayor is using here is enough to conceal the whole place from Silvia, we can't be sure if the Skeleton Key will work. Gussyp invented it decades ago," Satina said.

"Well, why did Bear blow his cover to get it, then?" Fred spat back. He clamped his lips and shut his eyes. After a while, he swallowed and let out a disgusted, "Aaaargh. I hate the sea!"

Satina shook her head. "Because there's a chance the Skeleton Key will work, butthead. We need every advantage we can get."

will "Right, whatever," he answered with a tight voice.

Rob sighed and said in a low voice, "He must be feeling the pressure of coming here without Phillip. Those two are pretty close."

"Tell me about it." Satina sighed. "It's my first mission without Leo." She propped her chin in the palm of her hand. "It's sad he had to stay behind... I miss having someone to torment."

An uneasy feeling crept up to Rob's chest. He wanted to be around Léon too. His breathing caught in his throat, and he balled his hands, eyebrows furrowed in worry. Could they even trust Iara?

trust "Hmm. I know what you're thinking," Satina said. She took in a deep breath. "Not sure if you noticed, but... we were all afraid of her when you got here. Speaking for myself, after seeing Léon confront her a few times, and after everything she did to help us, I don't think I'm afraid anymore. I respect her. And I believe she'll keep her word about Leo."

afraid That seemed to catch Anachronica's attention, for she peered at Satina from the corner of her eyes. Medusa didn't hide her interest.

"She will," Anachronica said. "In our thirty years of history, not even once I saw her breaking her word." She looked at Rob. "Léon is safe beside her, I guarantee it."

"And to be honest, darling, I'm excited to see her in action," Medusa added. A faint rattle came from her hair, and, with a gentle smile, Medusa caressed it.

excited Rob nodded and looked at Satina again. If it wasn't for her, Rob wouldn't have become so close to Léon. He hadn't thought about that before, but... "Did you... could you ever forgive me? One day?"

could Satina studied his eyes. She took in a deep breath, got up, and rested her hands on her waist. "Enough chatting. Get ready, we'll start to climb soon."

***

*** Thank you so much for reading! I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Our villains prepare for another mission... will this be their last? *cue dramatic song

Thank you so much for reading! I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Our villains prepare for another mission... will this be their last? *cue dramatic song Aaaand guess who will post 2 chapters this week... I will! Saturday I'll come back with Part II of "child of woe". I hope I'll see you there!

Aaaand guess who will post 2 chapters this week... I will! Saturday I'll come back with Part II of "child of woe". I hope I'll see you there! A special thank you this week for the amazing CocoNichole and Late-Carmel-Latte . Thank you so much for reading and for all your comments ♥♥♥

A special thank you this week for the amazing CocoNichole and Late-Carmel-Latte . Thank you so much for reading and for all your comments ♥♥♥ CocoNichole Late-Carmel-Latte See you soon!

See you soon! - Ligia

- Ligia





fifty-four: child of woe (Part I)


— Léon —

— Léon — — Léon — Léon sat down on his sofa-bed and took in a deep breath. He tried to calm his racing heart, but slowing down was as difficult as keeping his mind out of what he was about to do. Teleport everyone. Face The Mayor. Save the city.

Teleport everyone. Face The Mayor. Save the city. His chest tightened, a knot formed in his throat, and pain rippled in his muscles. Could he really do all that without Satina and... Rob?

"Don't worry, Leo, I'm still here with you," Mary said with a gentle smile, placing a cold, small hand atop of his. She leaned forward to look in his eyes, then offered him a mug of coffee. "Here. It seems you need it more than I do."

Anxiety still gnawed at his heels as Léon smiled at Mary. "Thank you." He took the mug and breathed in the strong smell of coffee and vanilla cream. There was still something else in the mix, but Léon couldn't identify it. "Smells delicious, Mary."

"Well, you deserve it." Her smile widened. "You grew stronger and firmer, Leleo. And you didn't explode nor killed everyone." She patted his arm. "I'm proud of you."

Léon's lips twitched in an awkward smile. "I didn't know that could happen."

"It still can!" Mary laughed. "Go on, drink your coffee."

His shoulders slumped. "I think I have a stomachache."

"Drink your coffee," Mary insisted.

Léon raised the mug to his lips, looking around the room. Iara paced left and right, chewing her thumbnail. Phillip was hunched over a book, his leg shaking, and his shirt rolled up to show the mess his back had become. Behind him, Rio massaged his back with a thick, white ointment that smelled like honey and iodoform. Celena was on the floor, caressing Cotton's hair, and The Twins stood in silence, eyes closed and fingers intertwined in concentration. Léon sipped his drink and smiled.

"Mary?" he called. She faced him; Léon completed, "Did you spike my coffee?"

She giggled and tapped her golden backpack. Her voice was low when she said, "It's my best cognac. Only enough to steady your nerves, of course. We don't want you drunk." Mary smiled and got up. "Enjoy, Leleo."

"I will." Léon smiled. "Thanks, Mary."

As he sipped from the mug, Léon felt more confident and focused than ever before. He wasn't sure if this was thanks to the coffee, to the cognac, or if that was just the placebo effect of Mary's attempt at a pep-talk, but it worked. After his last sip, as Léon tilted the mug, the light in the room caught a thin layer of golden dust mixed in the remainings of his drink.

***

"Base to Anachronica. Base to Anachronica. Do you copy?" Iara moved her trembly fingers away from the comm button in her ear. She drummed them on the center table and waited. With a huff, she tried again, "Base to Anachronica. I repeat—"

"Maybe they're just late," Celena tried. She got up and down again, completing another series of squats. "It's only been ten minutes."

"You don't understand, Celena. Anachronica is never late," Iara answered. "When she's around, a lot can happen in ten minutes."

never Celena nodded. There was a thick silence in the room while Iara tried to contact her again. Léon closed his eyes and took in a deep breath. He was calm, his mind as clear as drinking water. Outside, he could hear a few AVs, dogs, and crying children, but Léon felt how silent the city was. It was dormant and distant, almost as if prepared for an endless slumber.

felt "How are your legs?" Rio asked.

Celena smiled. Her new uniform showed a good part of her plasmetallic legs and the thin filaments gluing it together. "The kids rechecked them this morning." She jerked a chin towards the Twins. "They said the tech is fine. I feel fine." Celena's voice was soft and cheerful, but there was no denying how worried she looked. For the tenth time that night, she dropped on the floor for a new series of push-ups. "My arms too... are just... as strong..." She let out a breathless laugh.

feel

Rio nodded, a soft smile on his lips. "If you start feeling pain again, tell me."

"I will. Thanks, Rio."

"Hey. My hands," Phillip said, stretching his arms towards Rio. "You didn't massage them."

Rio got up with a sigh.

In the center of the room, Iara pulled the comm device from her ear and threw it on the floor. "This is futile. We were too naive to think our comms would work where not even our satellites could." With a frustrated grunt, she stomped the small earpiece. Iara took in a deep breath and pinched the bridge of her nose. "That's okay, she's strong," she whispered. "Come here, Léon."

He walked toward Iara and stopped at arm's length. "You want me to contact them."

Iara smiled. "Can you? I know you have a special connection with the thing that lives inside Roberto. Can you use it to reach him?"

thing All eyes fell on Léon. His mind sent him the image of the gold dust mixed with coffee—and for a reason he couldn't understand, he smiled. "Why, of course I can."

"Then do it ," Iara said, her lips curling up with venomous satisfaction.

do it ***

The tigers showed up as adults this time. The golden dust peppered on their coat made Léon wonder what the hell Mary had done to him.

hell Bonee climbed the sofa and dropped her big head on Léon's lap while Lampee dragged a laughing Phillip and forced him to sit on the floor in front of Léon. Lampee sat down between Phillip's legs, his eyes half closing as the man stroked his fur.

"So that Roberto told you about the step-through, uh," Lampee said, deep in thought. Phillip set his arms down to rest, but the big cat snarled and pushed his snout against Phillip's hand.

Roberto "I didn't expect him to. It was selfless of a traitor like him." Bonee yawned. "He was right about it, though." Her upper lip rolled up; her bared fangs looked almost like a smile. "But he doesn't know you like we do, my little Léon."

we "What do you mean, Bonee?" Léon leaned back while the tigress got up.

She raised a massive paw and rested it on his head. "I mean his mind . You've entered it once, didn't you? Now you can penetrate it whenever you want. Use Roberto's eyes to see his surroundings... I'm sure he'll love it. The feeling is unlike anything in this world."

his mind anything Léon sighed and shook his head while Bonee made a laugh-like snarling sound.

Lampee's body mollified, and he leaned against Phillip's chest, his back paw twitching while Phillip scratched the right spot on his ribs. "Great way to put it, my female." Lampee purred. "We'll lead you to the other human. Once with him, make him open his eyes to you."

"Understood." Léon pulled Bonee's head closer to pop a kiss on her snout, then repeated the process with Lampee.

Minutes later, when the rest of the team was ready, Léon set a thankful gaze on Mary, who answered him with a wide smile. He placed a hand on his tiger's heads and closed his eyes.

"Hold my arms," Léon said.

"Make sure Fred is okay," Phillip asked. "Did you hear me, Léon?"

"Zip it, Phillip. He's trying to concen—"

Mary's voice was cut by a dense wave of silence that rippled around Léon. He opened his eyes to find the dark, empty undimension he was starting to get familiar with. At his sides, Bonee and Lampee turned proud, dark eyes to him, and Léon caressed their heads again.



Bonee purred. "We're so glad you're back, my little darling. You found your path alone this time."

It wasn't as difficult as Léon expected. As much as he thought it might have something to do with the golden dust Mary gave him, Léon was sure he'd eventually be able to find his way into the undimension even without her help. He had his memories back, so he knew how much he had improved through the years.

"Me too, Bobo, Lala," Léon whispered. The tigers whimpered and licked his hands, their big bodies bashing against Léon's legs in a type of happiness he hadn't seen in quite some time. Léon chuckled. "Thank you for being at my side for so long."

"May we be together for another hundred years," the tigers answered in unison.

***

Léon, Bonee, and Lampee walked side by side through the emptiness of the undimension. Different than the previous times, the stars didn't fall around him. Instead, they hung from the dark sky above in a profound calmness. He couldn't understand why that place was so different, but he felt it was in peace.

felt He felt as if he was welcome this time.

Bonee and Lampee mirrored that. They bounced around and played together, but the closer they got to their destination, the more serious they became. Finally, Bonee stopped. She raised her snout and sniffed the air; then, she closed her eyes and listened.

"We're here," Bonee said.

"Do you see them?" Lampee asked.

Léon's eyes swept his surroundings, and they caught a strong silhouette standing in the distance. The figure turned around, and his worried expression licked a cold layer of fear on Léon's back.

"My sweet boy," Anhangá greeted. "You're here for him, I believe." He jerked his chin towards something on the floor while Léon approached.

A ring started in his ears. Like feedback in a microphone, it turned into a screeching crescendo that made Léon grimace.

"What is happening?" he asked.

"I don't know for sure, but they're doing something to him. Our bitter boy Roberto can't seem to protect those around him. Again." There was something different about Anhangá. He seemed so... weak.

"Can't you help him?" Léon asked.

Anhangá moved his dark, curious eyes to him. Leaning forward, he held a rebel lock of Léon's braid and brought it against his lips. Anhangá let the silky strand run through his fingers. "I felt my bitter boy's despair, anguish, and much of his languid wish to repent." He sighed. "I felt jealousy, confusion, anger, and longing. Then... I felt nothing." Anhangá gestured at the figure on the floor. "They kicked me out."

Léon's stomach grew cold. The figure he supposed to be Rob was crumpled on the floor, shivering.

"I can't go back to your reality, so no, I can't help. I can watch him and nothing else." For the first time since they knew each other, Anhangá's voice wavered. "I'm his protector, and I can't help him!" Blood-red tears formed in the corners of his black eyes.

him "Tell me what you saw," Léon said.

With a wave of his hand, Anhangá drew red human shapes in the air. As he spoke, the forms moved, climbing an invisible scenery. "They arrived at the top of the cliff. One of the girls used the artifact, and they all entered the manor through the window on the second floor. Once inside, they started to disappear."

Léon's eyes widened.

"Anachronica was the first. Were they being followed? Hunt? Did The Mayor know they were there? All fingers pointed at Roberto. He betrayed Léon, he must've betrayed us too , one of them said."

He betrayed Léon, he must've betrayed us too "Shit."

"Then, your Satina disappeared."

Those words made something snap inside Léon. In the dark sky, the néon stars started to shake; the floor quaked. Léon lashed forward and gripped the beaded necklace around Anhangá's neck, pulling him down to look in his eyes. "What happened to her? What did they do to her?" he asked with a growl.

"I can only see bitter-boy-Robbie, I already told you. He still didn't sever our connection, but it's going to happen soon, I'm already feeling it." Anhangá's voice was low and weak. He didn't try to fight Léon's hold; instead, he embraced him. "That boy is seeing something horrific now, sweet one. His fear and sadness are as strong now as they were fifteen years ago when he lost his tribe." Anhangá tightened the hug even more. "Do what I can't, sweet boy. Help him. I don't want him believing in the old man's words again. Save him. "

Save him. On the floor, Roberto let out a cry of pain. If he was only a dark shape before, the more Léon looked, the clearer his features became. There was blood in his face but a challenging smile on his lips. Something or someone pulled Roberto up, making him kneel. Rob's lips moved, but no words came out. The answer Rob heard must've been terrifying because his expression changed. His jaw slacked, his lips trembled, and the fear in his face sliced Léon's heart.

"Okay." Léon furrowed his brows and walked to Roberto's image. He lay his hands on his shoulders and leaned in.

Startled, Rob peeked over his shoulder, meeting Léon's eyes.

"Let me in," Léon whispered.

Rob faced forward once more and rested his eyes on the mysterious figure in front of him. He nodded once—and when he did, Léon's hands dug into him, their bodies merging together in a way he hadn't experienced before. With his eyes wide-opened and Rob's strength pulsing through him, Léon saw the room he was in.

The lab wasn't too different from the evil lair in Rob's favorite action movie. It was deep into the mountain, surrounded by rock and sultry like an oven. A massive plasmetallic structure held the walls in place while the floor was nothing but a sterile pool of burnt cement.

The Mayor stood with his arms at his back and, behind him, Fred and Medusa were tied up and covered in blood, hung in thick chains attached to the ceiling. Past them, on top of a wide platform and inside a chamber-like transparent coffin, Léon recognized a face he hadn't seen in years.

Antônio McCockay.

All around Roberto, the Heroic League watched the scene, ready to attack.

He wouldn't let them. Léon tugged at his body and on the people holding his arms. He blinked—and when he opened his eyes again, they were all there, standing between The Mayor and Roberto.

The Mayor smiled. "Welcome, Legend . We've been waiting for you."

Legend ***

*** Hey, everyone! Thank you soo much for reading this chapter ♥ Please vote if you enjoyed it and please consider sharing it with a friend. ♥

Hey, everyone! Thank you soo much for reading this chapter Please vote if you enjoyed it and please consider sharing it with a friend. Things aren't easy for our villains. Will they manage to win this time?

Things aren't easy for our villains. Will they manage to win this time? A huge thank you this week for the amazing pumpkinpie67 who is possibly one of the fastest readers I've ever seen hahaha and TAPIOCAthepudding who is always answering and posting comments. I owe you a caipirinha! :D hahaha ♥

A huge thank you this week for the amazing pumpkinpie67 who is possibly one of the fastest readers I've ever seen hahaha and TAPIOCAthepudding who is always answering and posting comments. I owe you a caipirinha! :D hahaha pumpkinpie67 TAPIOCAthepudding I hope you're all safe and healthy. If things get rough and you need someone to talk to, I'm here! :)

I hope you're all safe and healthy. If things get rough and you need someone to talk to, I'm here! :) x Ligia

x Ligia





fifty-five: child of woe (Part II)


— Rob —



— Rob — — Rob —

Their only mission was to enter the lab, serve as Léon's eyes, and allow him to teleport the other villains for a surprise attack. But how the bloody hell were they supposed to do that without their comms? And what would they do about Satina and Anachronica's disappearances?

bloody hell He cussed. That mission was not only a failure—it was a total disaster.

Rob didn't know what to do. He decided to fall back and take a moment to think, but as they headed to the tunnels' entrance, Brash McCockay appeared in front of them.

He had tried to fight, but Brash seemed even stronger, while Fred and Medusa didn't make any effort. They looked like two ragdolls swaying left and right to avoid his attacks—and failing. Rob and his group didn't stand a chance.

tried Now, he opened his eyes.

Rob was in the middle of the lab, his arms and legs wrapped in thick roots attached to the floor. Around him stood the Heroic League, his former work colleagues. In front of him was The Mayor, his former mentor.

"Hello, Robbie." Brash weighed the Skeleton Key on his hand. Like he'd always do whenever Rob showed progress in his training, Brash patted his head. "Using this would've been a good idea if I wasn't around. I applaud you for your effort, but you're out of luck, son."

Rob swallowed the answer he was about to give and scanned the room. His gaze stopped on Medusa and Fred, hung by thick chains behind Brash. From where Rob was, he saw cuts and bruises all over their bodies.

"Let them go ," Rob growled. "What kind of hero would do that to people?"

go hero "Oh, Robbie, please. Don't be such a hypocrite. We're both the kind of hero that does what needs to be done—nothing else." Brash shrugged and turned around, walking towards Toni's coffin.

both "I'm nothing like you." Rob tried to free his hands, but the roots were too tight.

Brash chuckled. "I agree. I'm a leader, Robbie. You're a follower. But don't get me wrong, you are a great follower." He rested his fingers on a coffin's transparent lid. Brash shed a loving, fatherly gaze towards his dead son.

great Rob faltered. Inside the coffin, Toni looked the same as two years ago. Laying on his glass casket, it seemed Toni was doing nothing but taking a good nap.

Bloody hell.

Bloody hell. Brash removed his hand from the glass and walked past the coffin and onto a chair where a darkened silhouette awaited. He helped them up, holding their arm, and walked back towards Roberto.

If his heart had ached moments before, now it was pierced and sliced. The person Brash gently escorted back to light was none other than Rafaela Tapir, Rob's sister. Motherfucker Brash McCockay must've known how much he was suffering. Brash's expression showed a shimmer of pity and doubt before going back to his stone-cold façade.

"Don't look so surprised, Robbie. You knew she was helping me." Brash sighed. "You must be feeling pretty lost without my guidance, son. Join me again. We can be a family once more!" Brash offered him a genuine smile. "Toni loves you, Robbie. All you have to do to have him and your sister back is to convince Legend to give up his powers. It would be much more peaceful and effective than borrowing Lifeforce from the whole city! It's a small sacrifice for a much bigger reward, yes? You still trust me to choose your sacrifices for you, don't you, Robbie? The whole League does. That's why I'm a great leader."

and borrowing Rob couldn't form words. He couldn't cry, either—nothing in his body worked as it should. His lips trembled while Brash raised Rob's limp body, forcing him to kneel. Seeing his sister like this... it was too much.



Rafaela's expression was blank. The chemotherapy had left her bald and lanky, her face pale, and her lips cracked. Worse, she wasn't in there; her soul was missing, and it showed in her empty black eyes.

What had Brash done to his sister?

What had Brash done to his sister? Brash fished for something in his pocket. His expression hardened. "Besides, we need to wake Toni if we want to survive what's coming, Robbie." From his white suit's front pocket, he pulled an antique necklace with an opaque black stone that swallowed the light around it. "Here. It's the last one." Brash strode forward and pushed the jewel against Rob's palm, closing his fingers around it. "It belonged to your mother. Must be fate if this is the only tool left to help Toni and save your sweet sister, don't you think?"

Rob had barely enough energy to snort. He shook his head no, his vision blurry behind a thin layer of tears.

A presence took shape at Rob's back. He peeked over his shoulder and met Léon's weak, ethereal image. Rob's eyes widened. He had no idea Léon's powers were strong enough for something like that.

Brash's shoulders tensed. "He's here, isn't he? I can almost taste his power. Let him through, Robbie!"

taste He quivered. Rob was alone and lost, and he needed his Léon beside him. Without thinking twice, he let him in.

"Brilliant!" Brash said. "I'll leave the rest to you, son. You're too gentle to do what's necessary, but I'll help you. I'll be here for you, Robbie. All I need you to do is to convince Legend to free his powers. My machine will do the rest."

convince Those words clicked in his mind. When Rob fully understood what Brash said, he tried to break his connection to Léon, but it was too late. A purple slice in reality opened before his eyes; from it, Léon and the others stepped through.

clicked understood Léon, Mary, Celena, Cotton, Phillip, and Iara stood behind Roberto.

The smile curling Brash's lips spread like a disease over his face. "Welcome, Legend . We've been waiting for you."

Legend "You piece of shit," Phillip roared.

He, Iara, and Mary stepped forward, putting themselves between Brash and Léon. Phillip unsheathed his daggers, and Mary smiled while taking a handful of her golden dust. Iara kept her arms crossed, while Celena and Cotton fell back.

A condescending chuckle escaped Brash's lips. "He brought his friends. I'm glad I did too." Around them, the Heroic League answered by raising and powering up their weapons. The difference in numbers alone would make even the bravest villain shudder.

Léon turned around and rushed to Rob. "Are you okay?" His voice was but a whisper, but the pain in his eyes spoke volumes. Shaking his head, he raised a hand to materialize his scythe. The purple, ethereal blade flicked in and out of existence. A confused crease formed between Léon's eyebrows. "What's happening?"

A crackle of energy filled the place; all at once, the Heroic League opened fire. Mary did her best to protect them, using handfuls of gold dust to create a sphere around them. The roots tying Rob loosed and fell on the floor.

"Now, son. Give him the necklace now!" Brash shouted.

now!" Rob's eyes watered. He looked from the necklace in his hands to his sister, then to Léon again. Léon... so close, so good, such a better hero than Rob ever hoped to be...

With a scoff, a smile, and a single tear, Rob shrugged. "Fuck this shit."

I'm sorry, sister.

I'm sorry, sister. With a growl, he closed his hand into a fist. Rob crushed the necklace. A blast of energy expanded around him, pushing both heroes and villains backward. Mary's shield popped like a bubble, casting a spell of silence on them.



Until Brash shouted, "Useless child! Say goodbye to your sister, Roberto!"

Léon's hand closed around Rob's arm. Why did he look so hurt? It's not your fault, Leo. It's on me. It's all me.

Why did he look so hurt? It's not your fault, Leo. It's on me. It's all me. With a growl, Rob cast the shimmering black dust aside as if getting rid of his past mistakes' physical remains. He was tired of seeing that expression on Léon's face. Rob was sick of the guilt consuming him. He wanted a new beginning and to fix the pain he had caused!

sick Brash took a step backward and looked at Rafa. "Deal with him, my dear. I don't have time for this." He walked back to Toni's coffin and swiped his hand over the lid, making a translucent control screen appear. He tapped a number combination, and the machinery roared to life while the walls whirred and slid aside to reveal countless amber-encrusted panels humming with power. A silvery liquid pumped through the transparent tubes connected to Toni's coffin.

While Brash raised his eyes to the tubes, Rafa pounced. She raced towards Léon, her hands stretched and covered with orange energy.

Before she could reach him, Rob cut her trajectory. "Rafa, stop!"

He held her arms while Léon stumbled back and tried to summon his scythe. The weapon turned into purple smoke and was sucked to the ambers on the walls before it could take shape. Rob looked around. The silvery liquid in the tubes became purple-red, iridescent goo, like in Invidia's farm.

"Stand back, Tiger!" Rob shouted. "And don't use your powers."

It was starting. A mass of energy swollen inside the room; the machines were activated.

They didn't have much time.

Rob twisted Rafa's arm, pivoted around and tugged, throwing her over his shoulder and onto the ground. As much as Rob tried to keep her down, Rafa thrashed and growled like a dog, biting onto the air as she tried to release herself.

Bloody hell. It hurt to see her like that.

hurt Rob sniffed. Still holding his sister, he studied the room. The heroes were throwing attack after attack, closing in around the group while Mary, Iara, and Phillip tried to keep them back. A dense fog seeped from the transparent tubes while more and more Lifeforce was pumped into Toni's coffin.

Celena and Cotton knelt beside him. "Robbie! Are you okay?" she asked. Celena glanced at Rafa and gasped. Her watering eyes set on her father, her trembly lips curling.

"I'm..." Rob applied more strength to keep his sister down. As sick as she looked, Rafa was as strong as ever. "I'm okay. Plan?"

"We need to break these panels before they can suck much Lifeforce. We need to break the entire machine!" Celena shouted. She sprung to her feet in time to land a hard kick on an approaching hero. At her side, Cotton charged his cotton canon, aiming it at a hero across the room who was about to shoot an arrow at Phillip's back.

The display of camaraderie made Rob's eyebrows arch. He moved his eyes from Celena to Cotton in a silent question.

"I'm still not sure of what's right or wrong here," Cotton said. His voice was strong and clear. "Brash confused me, but..." He looked at his wife. "I won't let you alone ever again, Sapphi. I believe you."

A tiny smile curved Rob's lips, but it soon disappeared when Rafa started to fight against his hold again. Her hands reached his face, clawing at his cheeks and neck. Rob growled in pain.

A loud, metallic bang came from his back. "Stop this madness, Brash! Look what you're doing to her!" The whites in Iara's eyes turned black while dark, thick fish scales formed a natural armor around her body. She held a specially large shield-like scale in her left hand, as her right elongated to create a sharp bone-pike.



Armed like a medieval knight, Iara swiped her shield to stop the attacks coming from the right, while Mary raised a curved, golden wall to hold the attacks from the left. Between them, Phillip fought to keep the heroes at bay.

"I'm doing nothing more than protect us—all of us! Toni must wake up, Iara." Brash shouted. "He's my son! "

must my son! "You ignorant, selfish waste of existence." Iara faced her employees. "Destroy the panels!"

Brash shot her, but Iara raised her shield in time to block the bullet and used the momentum to swing it back down and bash it on a dangerously close hero. She faced Léon. "Do what Celena said. Destroy the amber panels!"

Mary opened a big smile. "We can push them back at the same time, can't we, Lady-B?" The bags under her eyes quirked after each shot Brash hit on the golden wall; the cracks in its surface spread to her face. Through the fractures in her porcelain skin, trails of golden dust wafted down like sand in a clock.

Iara thought for a moment and nodded. Thick drops of blood escaped from the bullet hole on her shield. "Prepare yourselves. Once they're down, rush for the panels and destroy as many as possible. Together, Parfait. On three."

"No! I'll not allow it!" Brash's heavy eyes focused on Rafa. "Take their cosmic trace, Rafaela. All of it!"

not Rafa screeched. The muscles in her arms and legs bulged, and she kicked Roberto off of her with ease. Rafa jumped to her feet and started towards Léon, but Rob's arm laced around her neck, keeping her in place. Orange energy coated her hands. Rob knew what that meant—once she touched Léon, it would all be over.

Léon's eyes locked with Rob's.

"I'll keep her here. Go! Help them!" Rob shouted.

"How?" Léon snapped back.

"Warp," came Phillip's stern tone. He unsheathed one of his daggers, infused it with his power, and placed it in his palm. "Do you still remember how to use it?"

Léon furrowed his eyebrows and gripped the weapon's hilt. "Yes."

"I'll count. One-two-three!" Mary said with a laugh, expanding her wall forward while Iara projected a wave of her high-pitched voice to knock down the heroes in front of her. Their combined attacks cracked some of the amber panels, but the bulk of the work was still ahead of them. Phillip, Celena, and Cotton dashed for the plates at the back of the lab, while Léon ran to the less protected panels, at their right.

Cotton overcharged his canon, then shot his pink foam on the walls. As they sizzled and cracked, Celena reached the far right of the laboratory. Her punch hit the center of the wall, sending a violent wave of energy that spread, crushing her panels all at once.

At the rear, Phillip dashed parallel to the wall. He unsheathed his other dagger and glanced at Léon at the other side of the room. Together, they hacked and slashed at the panels using movements that almost complemented one another—and even if Léon's seemed a bit rusty, they finished together, sliced their palms, and placed their bleeding hands on the plates. The shadow trace activated and expanded, blasting all the panels at once.

But it wasn't enough. One panel was left intact. Not enough to drain the whole city, but sure as hell enough for Léon.

As the heroes raised to their feet, Iara batted her pike on her shield. "Once more!" she shouted, preparing her attack.

"Stop. Stop, or I'll end them!" Brash roared.

Shit.

Shit. ***

*** Ooooh boy. I have no idea what I'd do in Léon's place.

Ooooh boy. I have no idea what I'd do in Léon's place. Welp... hello, you! Thank you for reading this chapter. This was a tough one to write and I hope you enjoyed it! If you did, please don't forget to vote and share it with a friend, if you think this story deserves the attention! ;)

Welp... hello, you! Thank you for reading this chapter. This was a tough one to write and I hope you enjoyed it! If you did, please don't forget to vote and share it with a friend, if you think this story deserves the attention! ;) OH, and here's a little gift for HimeReborn who asked me to draw Rio x Phil. Phillip after a shower and without all the hair gel looks like a completely different character, doesn't he? xD haha

OH, and here's a little gift for HimeReborn who asked me to draw Rio x Phil. Phillip after a shower and without all the hair gel looks like a completely different character, doesn't he? xD haha HimeReborn I hope this can bring a little joy to your day! ♥

I hope this can bring a little joy to your day! Loads of love,

Loads of love, x Ligia

x Ligia

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





fifty-six: three seconds


** Long chapter ahead! **

** Long chapter ahead! ** ** Long chapter ahead! ** — Léon —

— Léon — — Léon — "Did you forget I have hostages?" Brash said.

Phillip's dagger almost slipped through Léon's fingers—those words injected liquid ice into his veins.

"Here's what's gonna happen, Legend." Brash shoved the pistols against the back of Fred and Medusa's heads. "I'll pull the trigger. You either use your powers and save your friends—you know you're the only one here who's fast enough—or you sit and watch a big, loud, and very bloody firework show. You have three seconds."

bloody Shit. There was just one panel remaining. They were so close!

so close! "Did you hear me?" Brash insisted.

Without a word, Léon nodded, and ethereal curtains took shape at his back. He wouldn't let The Mayor take two lives in front of him, no matter the consequences.

"Don't!" Phillip shouted from across the room.

Léon froze. It was only one word, but the force of Phillip's voice was enough to make him falter.

The Mayor scoffed. As if to prove his point, he cocked his pistols. "Three..."

Something stirred in Léon's stomach. Around them, the Heroic League looked limp and lifeless. They stood motionless, void eyes lost in space.

"Don't use your powers!" Iara shouted.

"Two..." The Mayor pushed the guns, forcing Fred and Medusa to lower their heads even more.

"But Fred and Medusa, they—"

"Break the fucking panel!" Phillip shouted.

"One," The Mayor drawled.

They had a plan, right? They must have a plan.

They must have a plan. "Time's up, boy. Let's see how fast you are!"

Ignoring The Mayor, Léon shut his eyes and hurled the dagger into the last amber-encrusted panel. The blade pierced through, and the cracks on the plasmetal spat a shower of sparks.

The Mayor let out a cry of anger that seemed to resonate within the other heroes. As the Heroic League woke up, ire painted The Mayor's tattoos in red. "Disobedient child! What are you trying to prove, huh? You destroyed the plates from my lab, but the city is filled with them. You accomplished nothing more than this —"

filled this He pulled the triggers. The loud bangs bounced on the lab's cavernous walls. Between metallic buzzes from the broken panels and the distant echo from the shot came the dull sound of two bodies hitting the floor.

A shout caught in Léon's throat. He turned around to Fred and Medusa, but...

What the hell?

What the hell? Rather than the two corpses he expected to see, there was a boiling mass on the floor. Fred and Medusa's body jerked and shrunk until they were nothing but two cyan piles of goo. Léon was sure The Mayor couldn't do that, and neither could Toni's pistols. The goo shook, then flew across the room, disappearing into the shadows.

Mary got up, her face webbed by cracks. When she smiled, small pieces of her face dropped like shards of porcelain. "Oh, hello!" She waved to the darkness.

Iara smirked. She exchanged a glance with Phillip; then, she faced The Mayor and rotated her pike, aiming it at his chest. "Give up, Brash. You're surrounded."

The Mayor glanced at the pistols' barrels and stared at the place where the corpses should be. Finally, a laugh escaped him. "You fooled me!" He laughed again. "You knew I'd be too focused on the real Roberto to notice these disgusting replicas."



"Call it a countermeasure to the possibility Roberto would betray us," Iara said with a smile.

Rob lowered his eyes as The Mayor laughed. The short moment of joy disappeared as his mood swung back to anger. He raised his voice to shout, "Attack them!"

But... nothing happened.

Léon staggered a step, his eyes widening as he looked around the room. The lab's weak light caught the semi-transparent red smoke forming clock faces at the backs of half of the heroes, Rafaela included. The other half was either paralyzed by vipers crawling on the floor or petrified.

"When...? What...?" Léon mumbled.

The Mayor cried in pain. Snakes laced his legs, rattling and hissing; at least three of them already had their fangs deep into his flesh. He snarled.

Anachronica's voice came from the top of the stairs. "Your time is up, Bureau. Did you invade it?"

Standing at her side, Satina scoffed. "Of course I did. What do you think I am? An amateur?" She typed a new sequence of buttons on the gadget on her wrist and made a show of pressing one last button. The loud roaring of The Mayor's machine stopped. "All done. Amber-encrusted panels deactivated." She raised her cunning eyes to The Mayor and smirked. "Throughout the whole city. Thanks for granting me access, old man."

Right after, Fred finally lifted the mantle of shadows from around him and Medusa. He had a proud smile on his lips as he looked for Phillip's eyes. The latter smiled back, nodding in mute satisfaction.

"Non-lethal crowd-control done right, Darling," Medusa said.

"And a good manipulation of my pectin and shadow traces, don't forget," Fred added.

Celena raised to her feet. "It's over, Daddy." She lifted her hands like a circus tamer. "Let the vipers paralyze you. Don't fight it."

A rush of emotions flooded The Mayor's eyes. Maybe he hadn't noticed her before—or perhaps he had preferred to ignore her presence. Whatever the reason, Celena's voice weighted on his jaw, cracking his lips open.

"Toni is dead." Celena stepped even closer. "You have to let him go, Daddy. This is destroying you... and it almost did the same to everyone in this city. You're a hero ! This"—she gestured around her to show the lab and the mindless Heroes—"is not who you are. You can't be this selfish."

hero can't A few meters from them, Rob limped to Léon and placed a hand on his arm. "Are you okay?"

Léon nodded. Rob's face was clawed and bleeding, his expression layered with fatigue and sweat.

The Mayor shook his head. His eyelids weighed as Medusa's vipers pumped more of the paralyzing venom in his veins. "You don't understand, cub. Toni needs to come back. You've heard him talking about the great evil, didn't you? He said he's the only one who can face it!"

needs Celena sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose. "Daddy... are you listening to yourself? You can't use a supposed great evil as an excuse for what you and Toni did. Toni wasn't in his right mind... and you're not, either." She sighed and turned around. "Rob?"

great evil Rob's shoulders tensed. He raised his chin, but his bravado was as transparent as the pain in his words. "Toni was being consumed by his powers, Brash. That's the only explanation for everything he did." He tried to school his expression, but pain seeped through the cracks. "We shouldn't have let you believe his delusions. There is no great evil , Brash. And there's no excuse for the things you did." He pointed at his sister. "Look at her. You caused more pain than any evil entity could!"

great evil excuse You evil entity

Shaking his head, The Mayor shut his eyes. "No. I won't believe this."

"Daddy, please... it's over. We'll take you to the police, you'll face trial, and—"

"No. No!" he shouted. "You're with them ." The Mayor flexed his arms, and his fit white suit clung to the muscles underneath it. He clasped the snakes biting him and hauled them off, throwing them aside. "This is far from over." The Mayor joined his hands and lit up his bright red tattoos.

them Then, he attacked.

Léons wasn't ready for how much faster and stronger The Mayor was. Before he could even think of a reaction, The Mayor dashed to Fred and grabbed his hair. With a loud crack, he brought Fred's face against his knee. Fred had barely hit the floor when The Mayor turned around to look at Medusa.

think "Slow him down!" Iara ordered Anachronica.

With her arms raised, Anachronica tried to move a hand to the side and point it at The Mayor. She winced instead. "I can't. And I won't hold all these people for much longer... be quick ."

be quick "I'll destroy you!" The Mayor roared. If he had any shadow of control over his words and actions, now he was a beast. The Mayor rocketed to Medusa and connected a fist to her diaphragm, knocking her out. In a blink, he was before Anachronica, taking her out of combat with a violent kick.

destroy Her body flew across the room and met the half-destroyed walls with a loud noise. The dust of the impact settled, showing a crater around Anachronica's unconscious body. From the point of impact, cracks ran up towards the ceiling.

With the three support villains out, the group of heroes slowly went back into action. That's when the real battle began.

Phillip's second dagger flew from the panel as he lashed out on one-on-one's, focusing on slicing hamstrings and sinews. Cotton Candy tried to fight beside Celena, using his foam to slow down as many enemies as possible, so Celena could knock them out. Mary fought alongside Satina; while the former had created a golden tempest around them, the latter used her whips to breach a path towards Medusa and Fred. Closer to the coffin, Rob stood with Léon and his tigers, fighting back-to-back against the heroes who formed a circle around them.

"Fuck, Léon! Call those giant claws again!" Phillip ordered in a tired shout. He transformed part of his body in shadows to dodge a massive blade, but lost his balance and fell on his back. The hero fighting him raised her weapon, then swayed it down, aiming for his chest.

A hand gripped the blade, centimeters before it sliced Phillip in half.

"Get up," Celena growled, holding the hero's weapon. She took the ax for herself with a violent jerk and swung it around her to push their enemies back while Cotton helped Phillip up. "Fall back!" Celena shouted, her eyes flicking to and fro. "We need to get the fuck out of here!"

Giant claws, giant claws, giant claws...

Giant claws, giant claws, giant claws... There was a distant image of something like that in Léon's memory, but... he was scared. Whatever magic Mary had used on him, it was fading. His confidence was vanishing. What if he used his powers and destroyed the lab with everyone inside? What if he ended up exploding as Mary had said?

scared. exploding "It's all right. We can do it, Léon. Just focus," Rob said. His warm hand met Léon's, and his gentle, calloused fingers gave him a reassuring squeeze.

"Okay," Léon said, taking in a deep breath. "Thank you."

Rob nodded. "I'll try calling Anhangá. Buy me some minutes."

But they were losing—and The Mayor wasn't even fighting them yet. He stood frozen at a distance, a hyena waiting for his meal.

A sharp cry of pain came from somewhere in the lab. Through the crowd, Léon saw a wide gash on Satina's waist. His heart ached. He raised a fist, concentrating on the image he had in mind, and as he stretched his arm forward, the floor quaked. From his right, an ethereal purple something cut through the cement, increasing in size and slicing its way forward—it looked like a claw, but it wasn't giant ; in fact, it barely reached his shoulder in height. Still, it was enough to buy Satina and Mary enough time to run from the heroes around them.

something looked giant

Iara reached Léon and Rob at the same time as Phillip, Celena, and Cotton. Iara carried Anachronica's unconscious and bleeding body on her shoulder. "We've done what we came here to do. Now we leave. Retreat!" She shouted to Mary and Satina, who carried Medusa. Fred, transformed in a small slow loris, was perched on Mary's shoulder. Around the room, Medusa's vipers still crawled around the place, slowing down the heroes they managed to bite—but that wasn't enough.

Iara placed Anachronica on Celena's strong arms. Then, she pulled Léon's arm and dragged him towards Toni's coffin, lashing her pike on the heroes in their path.

"We've destroyed enough of this damned machine... now I want you to teleport us out of here." Iara let Léon's arm go and pointed at Toni. "Bring this bastard with us. I'll kill him with my own hands."

kill Iara's eyes widened. In one swift motion, she pushed Léon aside and raised her shield. With a loud, metallic bang, another of The Mayor's bullets hit her defense.

"You won't take my boy!" The Mayor roared. He holstered the pistols, and, like a bull, he charged.

Iara raised her shield and prepared for impact, but he was too strong. The Mayor's shoulder connected with Iara's protection and pushed her backward, her boots screeching against the cement. He only stopped when her back hit the coffin's transparent lid, knocking the wind out of her. The Mayor took a step back, and Iara's body slid down.

She raised two vengeful eyes to him and snarled. In a breathless voice, she said, "I'm ready to kill him as many times as necessary."

"I have no choice, then!" The Mayor shouted. "I wanted him to wake up peacefully . You won't let me."

peacefully Realization dawned on the villains, falling like heavy curtains after the second act of a play—but they didn't have time to stop what was coming. The Mayor raised a fist above his head and swung it with unmatched violence against the glass in Toni's coffin. "He's not ready, but he'll feed on instinct. When he has enough in him, his mind will go back to normal. I'm sure it will," he said in a trembly voice.

The smell of death spread like a miasma around the lab. If the place was filled with the sounds of battle, explosions, and shouts before, now it was dead silent.

death Fear , dense and cold, licked Léon's chest, and for a reason he could never understand, his knees weakened, and his trembly legs staggered backward, away from the coffin.

Fear He wasn't the only one. Around him, both heroes and villains seemed just as afraid. The tension increased while a pale, male hand slid out of the broken glass, leaving a blood trail on the transparent shards. Slowly, in a deep silence broken only by the clack-clack-clack of his joints, Antônio McCockay rose.

clack-clack-clack His chest raised first, his head tilted back as if it was too heavy to be lifted. Antônio took in a deep breath, and the bones in his chest popped while his lungs made a dry sound as if someone blew into a paper bag. Antônio slid his long legs aside and stepped out of the coffin. Then , he lifted his head.

Then Holy shit.

Holy shit. Like Rafaela's, his eyes were blank and empty. Unlike her, he seemed strong and healthy. He was dressed in an elegant, blue satin dress shirt and white pants that were starting to get covered in splatters of his blood. On the floor, broken glass pierced his bare feet, but he didn't seem to care.

The Mayor's shoulders shook, and he sobbed, looking at his boy. He shook his head. "Go on, son." He sniffed and turned around to show Léon and the others. "There they are. They're your ticket to live in this word again. To protect our city again." The Mayor smiled and opened his arms. "Go get them, Toni! Make your pa—"



The Mayor gasped. Then, he cried out a profound shout of pain. Toni's strong hand had clasped around his neck and now pulled him backward with ease. Toni covered his hands in pure white energy, then placed it on The Mayor's face.

From where he stood, Léon heard the sizzling sound of burnt meat. He watched in horror as Toni yanked the powers off of The Mayor's tattoos, all of them at once. When he was done, Toni let him go and turned around. Seeing those lifeless eyes was enough to jerk the villains back into motion.

"Get out of here, Léon!" Iara shouted, trying to get back on her feet.

Léon nodded, furrowing his brows. "Quick, hold my hands—"

But he would never finish that sentence. Toni didn't move; he simply appeared in front of Léon and closed his fingers around his neck, pressing them just enough to interrupt his breathing. Around him, the other villains tried to stop Toni, but a wave of his hand was more than necessary to send a strong wave of energy that pushed back every single one of them. Around them, the metallic structure holding the place let out a dying wail.

appeared It was like being inside the prison again, seeing the ceiling buckle under the weight of the earth.

Léon shut his eyes. Toni's hands were burning . His powers' purple energy was sucked to Toni's hands as Léon's cosmic trace was drained. No, not only his powers... his life, too. Clarity was dawning in Toni's eyes. The more cosmic energy he consumed from Léon, the stronger was the pressure he applied in his neck. As it seemed, Toni was not only trying to steal his powers but also to kill him.

burning kill Rob was fast to jump back to his feet. There was something in his eyes at that moment... a type of desperation Léon had never seen in his life.

"Let him go, Toni!" Rob shouted. His voice was half his, half Anhangá's as if the transformation hadn't been completed. Rob gripped Toni's wrists and tugged, growling, but Toni didn't even flinch; his body was as immovable as a steel sculpture.

Something crossed Rob's eyes. They looked at each other, and the emotion in Rob's brown eyes stole Léon's ebbing breath. Léon understood his intentions even before Rob's sights set on Toni.

"Rob, don't."

Rob's tattoos shone. He spread his hands over Toni's and infused his power into him, pushing Léon's cosmic trace away.

"Don't!" Léon cried.

Toni's attention turned to Rob, and the corner of his lips quirked up. "Mine," he grumbled.

As the green of Rob's tattoos dimmed and disappeared, Rob easily pushed Léon back, taking his place.

"Rob!" Léon shouted. His knees buckled; his vision blurred.

"It's my fault, Tiger. I'll fix it." There was still a smile on Rob's lips when Toni finished sucking the cosmic trace etched on his tattoos.

"Mine forever," Toni whispered, his smile widening. Instead of the green energy from before, Rob cried in pain as a dense, red-purple puissance was stolen from him. Raw Life-force flowed from him to Toni, while Léon could do nothing more than watch.

It was too much.

It was too much. As Léon's conscience slipped away, he saw two female hands reaching out from behind Toni. One hand clasped his face, short nails clawing at his skin, while a second did the same on his chest.

"Not my brother," Rafaela hissed. Her voice was dry and low as if she had spent centuries in silence. Her fingers were covered by a layer of orange energy as Rafaela tugged Toni backward and away from Rob and Léon. She was feeding on him. Weakening him.

feeding Around them, the structure of the lab started to crack and wail.

With a long grunt, Léon peeled Toni's fingers off of Rob's neck, making the disgusting sound of skin being flayed. While Rafaela pulled Toni, falling with him on the cracked floor, Léon struggled to catch Rob before he fell. Rob cracked his eyes open. He wrapped Léon's weakened body taking in deep, gasping breaths.

"I'm here," Rob whispered, big hands combing Léon's hair and pulling him closer as if he was the most precious human being in the entire world. "I'm here, love."

Léon's neck and lungs burned, and his face was sleek with sweat, but he was alive . They both were. He rested his forehead on Rob's chest and breathed in against his skin, the smell of wet soil after rain filling his whole body. "Hold me, Bhalu," he asked in a small voice, his tone barely louder than a whisper.

alive Rob laughed while his muscles relaxed, and his cold, wet lips met Léon's temple, his forehead, then his lips.

With a lazy smile, Léon moved his eyes up.

That's when something stung in his chest. Léon jumped to his feet, using his final energies to shoot his arms aside as a shield. He felt two, then three pairs of hands resting on his back...

And then, the explosion happened.





***

*** Thank you soooo much for reading! If you enjoyed this chapter, please don't forget to vote. ♥

Thank you soooo much for reading! If you enjoyed this chapter, please don't forget to vote. Hnnn Y_Y *cries in Portuguese* I think we have only two or three more chapters ahead of us before the season finale. i.i Writing this one was tough because all of our * eleven* main villains were fighting together. I hope I managed to make the scenes clear and flowy. :3 If you think any part is confusing, please let me know so I can fix it! ♥♥♥

Hnnn Y_Y *cries in Portuguese* I think we have only two or three more chapters ahead of us before the season finale. i.i Writing this one was tough because all of our * eleven* main villains were fighting together. I hope I managed to make the scenes clear and flowy. :3 If you think any part is confusing, please let me know so I can fix it! *cries in Portuguese* season finale. eleven* This chapter was filled with action, but the next ones will be more on the calm side, wrapping everything up. What do you think is gonna happen? 8)))

This chapter was filled with action, but the next ones will be more on the calm side, wrapping everything up. What do you think is gonna happen? 8))) See you all next *Wednesday* with the next chapter.

See you all next *Wednesday* with the next chapter. Love,

Love, x Ligia

x Ligia Aaand here's some Léon+Rob+baby tigers for you:

Aaand here's some Léon+Rob+baby tigers for you:

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





fifty-seven: a forest, a king


— Léon —



— Léon — — Léon —

Léon felt when it was about to happen.

felt The violent clash of Toni and Rafaela's powers expanded into a bright, all-consuming light that occupied the whole lab. The shock of two cosmic trace wielders would be enough to destroy the building, the neighborhood, and the entire city.

Everything in that confrontation converged to that night, seven years ago. The difference this time was that Rob had chosen his side, while Anhangá was nowhere to be seen.

Léon knew only a cosmic trace wielder could stop the blast. Only he could stop it.

he On instinct, he opened his arms, and his ethereal cape wrapped his shoulders. He extended his powers over every hero and villain inside the lab, creating a protective coat around them. He wanted to stretch it even further, but something was missing inside him. Toni had stolen part of his powers.

missing " Shit."

Shit." Then, he felt three hands resting on his back. Satina, Mary, and Rob. The three of them—his team, his partners, his friends—lent Léon their strength and helped him expand his protection over part of the city.

Before he could finish, though, the explosion happened.

It was like watching a silent film. The light pierced through the cracks on the walls and the layers of rock, milling each thing in its path into ever tinier bits of rubble. It swallowed the lab, the dirt, part of the mansion, then hammered whatever remained in its way, bringing the whole place down.

The light dimmed and disappeared, but only then did the floor rumble. A massive wall of cosmic energy radiated from Toni and Rafaela, creating a violent burst of air that pushed Léon and the others against the falling debris. As that wave ran the city, the sound of wrecking buildings and screams filled the night.

Then, there was silence. And darkness.

Léon opened his eyes and pushed rock, broken glass, and woodchips off of him. A ring echoed in his ears, and, in his chest, something was missing. His head throbbed; his whole body reverberated with pain. Still dazed—his eyes fogged by vertigo and a dense layer of dust—he got up and looked around him. The sound of police AVs and firetruck sirens filled the night, paired only with the distant waves in the ocean and the blue fire that consumed the place.

All around Léon, debris moved, and people got up. He saw his friends and the people he had protected, but he was also concerned with something else.

With tentative steps, he stumbled his way across the broken walls and climbed up the steep pile of rock and dirt before him. In the place where the manor once stood, a massive crater lay open. In the place where the city should be....

Léon took in a deep breath as his wobbly legs lost strength. His knees hit the broken cement with a dull clack, and he lowered his head, hiding his face with both hands.

This was the end.

His shoulders quivered. Léon tilted his head back and let out a sigh of pure relief. In front of him, New Continent was in the dark, yes, but the brightening sky showed that most buildings were still standing. There were large cracks in the closest ones; around those that had fallen, crowds of curious citizens looked up and around, trying to understand what had happened.

They were finally safe.

finally "Léon," a voice called. Rushed steps approached him. "Are you okay?"

He didn't have to turn around. Léon raised a hand and waited until his Bhalu reached and enveloped him in the warmest, most comfortable hug he had ever received. Léon inclined his head back and supported it on Rob's shoulder.



"Rob." Léon's eyelids half-closed, and he pressed his cold forehead against Rob's neck. "There's... a piece of me missing. But they're alive. We all are. That's what matters."

"We all are," Rob echoed. He caressed Léon's face. "Thanks to you."

"Thanks to all of us."

Léon didn't need an explanation or a long speech. Rob had come back for him. He had fought The Mayor, faced Toni, and given up his own powers to protect him. Rob had fought alongside Léon as he had never done before... not only because of him, though. Not only to be forgiven or to have his love back.

Rob had done all that because The Mayor chose to hurt those he needed to protect. Rob saw how wrong he was, and he fought to fix his mistakes. His every word and action showed that this was the real Roberto. This was the man he fell in love with.

this This This, in front of him, was the man he once trusted. And who, hopefully, he could learn to trust again.

With a broad smile and a warm heart, Léon placed a kiss on Rob's jaw.

Rob blinked to hide the emotion in his eyes and opened the biggest, most sincere smile he had ever shown. He spread his hands on the sides of Léon's face and brought it closer until their foreheads touched. "I love you," he whispered.

"I love you too, Bhalu."

Without another word, they kissed. Slowly. Passionately.

Finally .

Finally A few meters away, a large structural column slid down to meet the rubble on the floor, stirring the tongues of blue fire. Their friends' voices came from afar, shouting to overcome the police sirens. Satina, Phillip, Mary, Fred, Medusa... who else was trying to find them?

Closer, the sound of falling debris caught their attention. Down into the crater, Rafaela was slowly pushing her way through the fallen stone, her face shining with tears and sweat. "Robbie!" she called, her voice tight and weak.

Rob's lips trembled. He took one step in her direction, but his hands didn't follow—his fingers were still entwined with Léon's and didn't want to let go. He reeled back.

The dark blue in the sky was starting to turn indigo, and the first rays of light pierced the darkness. As the stars were washed away, Léon hugged his lover. Rafaela was alive, and Léon knew she'd be charged for helping the Mayor. She'd go to prison for killing, attempting to destroy the city, and for thousands of crimes he couldn't even imagine.

"I know someone who can help her. She'll probably die if I don't... if I...." Rob trailed off. His breathing quickened. "Leo...."

He was right. But Rob would also be putting a target on his back if he ran away now. The police would blame him. They would associate him with The Mayor, no matter what had happened in the past few months.

After all, what kind of innocent man runs away?

"I can't leave her, Tiger," Rob whispered.

"I know." Léon opened a sad smile and tried to pull his hand, but Rob didn't let him.

It was a matter of being considered guilty or watching his sister die. Léon knew which one Rob would choose.

Rob placed Léon's hands on his chest. Against his palm, his heart sang with sadness and a sliver of hope. "Come with me," he asked.

"You know I can't." Léon raised his eyes and locked them on Rob's. His mother, Pipo, Satina, and Mary were all here. Léon wouldn't leave them. He had abandoned Old Continent, and he wasn't about to do the same here. He was tired of running.



The voices were closer now, echoing and bouncing off the destruction around them. Police AVs pulled over at the Murilean Manor's gates, and the officers flooded the front entry.

"I'll buy you some time," Léon said in a soft tone. "Grab Rafa and go." He opened his arms and made curtains appear behind him.

"Tiger, you don't have to—" Rob was interrupted by loud bangs as the police officers tried to force their way through the gate.

"Commissary!" one of the officers shouted. "I'm seeing villains! They're behind all this."

Léon concentrated on the cosmic energy in him. He called for his tigers and felt when a furry body brushed against his leg.

Something was wrong.

Rob caught Léon's wrist and pulled him down. The sound of a gunshot pierced the night.

"I ordered not to shoot!" said a female voice. "Focus on the damned gate."

ordered The couple rushed down the crater. While Rob helped his sister, Léon turned to that one tiger hiding their big face against his chest.

one "Bonee." Léon's voice wavered. "Where's Lampee?"

"I can't feel my male," she answered. "I can't feel him!"

Léon's eyes widened. Lampee was missing. That's where that feeling of loss came from!

Lampee "Tiger." Rob caught Léon's arm and steadied him. He placed a gentle hand on Léon's chin and turned his face to him. "I'll help my sister, and I'll find a way to restore your powers." His hands slid to his shoulders. "Did you hear me? I'll find Lampee. I'll give him back to you!" He turned to Bonee. "I promise."

The tigress pressed her cold snout on Léon and Rob's hands. There was pure pain in her dark eyes.

"You don't have your powers, Bhalu. What can you do?"

your Rob breathed in. His voice sounded proud and confident when he said, "Powers alone don't make a hero. You showed me that." He pulled him closer once more. "Heroes are made when they forget their ego and fight for those who can't. Right? Brash stopped being a hero because of his selfishness. I stopped being a hero because of my ego." His arms wrapped Léon in another tight embrace. "You put me back on the right path." He kissed his forehead. "This is all the power I need."

The gates opened with a metallic cry.

Rob's muscles tensed. "We need to go. C'mon, you need to escape too."

Léon shook his head. "Go. I'll find Tiny and Mary."

This was harder than he thought it would be.

"I'll come back to you." Rob kissed Léon's lips again. When he stepped back, something shone in his eyes. "I'm your forest, Tiger. You're my King." Rob helped his sister up and walked to the crater's border, ready to disappear among the garden trees.

Léon chuckled, rubbing his eyes. His hands found Bonee's fur in a gentle caress. "That doesn't even make sense, you dork."

"Of course it does!" Rob shouted. "The tiger is the King of the forest. You told me that." Léon let out a loud laugh, and Rob repeated, "I'll come back to you, my King! Wait for me."

He shook his head. In a whisper, Léon said, "I will."

***

When Satina and the others finally found Léon, Rob and his sister were long gone. Without The Mayor's influence, the heroes ambled around the ruins with confused expressions, helping each other and talking to the police while the firefighters searched the rubble. Behind a massive piece of the manor's wall, Iara, Anachronica, and the others were hidden, watching as the blue flames consumed rock and mortar, leaving nothing behind.



Léon wished he could say something, but there were no words left in his mind. His head was heavy and empty as his eyes ran through the people around him. Roberto and Lampee were really gone, while Bonee could barely lift her head from his lap.

It was drizzling now, small droplets of rain forming a wet cover on her fur.

Satina peeked around the wall and let out a grunt. "I'm getting anxious. We can't stay here forever."

"We can't make any wrong moves either, Darling," Medusa said. "We have to be careful."

"Okay, I get it. So... what now?" Satina asked.

Iara studied her villains' expressions. After the explosion, she seemed more confident, happier, and stronger than ever before. "Now, I'll prove I'm innocent of everything The Mayor accused me of." She smirked. "Then I'll find a way to rebuild my beautiful skyscraper. And perhaps I'll run for Mayor."

stronger beautiful Medusa chuckled. "I'm sure that's not what she meant, Darling. Thank you," she said to Anachronica after the latter finished tending to her broken arm.

"What about us?" Satina asked. "What should we do?"

"Oh, none of you ever worked for me, of course," Iara said. "But I'll tell you what. Whatever happens next rests in your hands. I'm responsible for you, so I'll offer my help to those I can."

"What are our options?" Fred asked. "I want to focus on my gamer career, you know. It's a lot steadier than this," he said, pointing around him to show the manor's remainings.

"I can make it happen," Iara said. "The others can hide for a while until things go back to normal, which means you'll continue living a life of evilry. You can also run away and get a new identity to start anew. Or..." Iara scoffed. "What a ridiculous notion. You can stay and give yourselves over to the police."

The villains chuckled.

"And when you start Invidia again?" Mary asked with a wide smile. "I want to be the first in the rankings this time!"

Iara smiled and shared an amused glance with Anachronica. "You'll be the first ones I'll call, of course," the latter said. Her eyes rested on Léon. "But I doubt all of you will want to come back."

Léon's eyes drifted to the approaching police officers and then to the mass of journalists approaching. If Rob was here, he would be wearing that cocky expression of someone who looks great on camera. "I don't know what I want," Léon murmured.

"Well, you better choose fast," Iara said.

"Let's talk somewhere safer," Anachronica said, taking her wife's hand.

A voice at their left caught their attention. A police officer was peeking around the wall, her eyes widened and furious. "Villains!" she shouted. "Calling every unit. A group of villains is—"

Her words were cut short when a hand took the radio latched to her chest. Léon recognized its owner as Ghosthunter, one of the heroes they had fought moments ago.

Ghosthunter opened a gentle smile to the police officer and said, "They saved us. And as much as this sounds like a joke, I'm not trying to be funny this time."

The officer's eyes jumped to Mary, then pierced Phillip with so much hatred, he staggered a step.

"I know it's difficult to believe," Cotton said. He walked towards the officer side-by-side with Celena.

Upon seeing The Mayor's dead daughter, the officer tumbled back. Before she hit the ground, Satina grabbed her hand and steadied her.

dead "But... b-but... villains!" the officer stammered.



"If it wasn't clear enough, we won't let you take them," Celena said. "We're still the Heroic League, and we have authority over the police department of New Continent. So I suggest—"

still "You suggest nothing," said a commanding voice.

" Oooh, shit. We have to get the hell outta here," Phillip said. "Let's run, c'mon!"

Oooh, shit. But he didn't have time to. Closing their escape route, Commissary Lisbete Esposito and a new group of armed police officers formed a circle around Léon and the others.

The commissary crossed her arms and puffed up her chest. She was a tall and muscled woman with dark, short hair, a delicate face, and eyes so green they looked almost synthetic. "Brash was kicked from city hall," she said, "and our deputy mayor did us a favor by disbanding the Heroic League. Now..." She furrowed her brows. "I know what you all did here." Her voice was hard, and her expression was harder. "I'm glad you're all alive to see the consequences of your actions."

"You're surely not thinking about arresting those responsible for saving the city," Iara said. She paraded until she reached Phillip's side and rested a hand on his shoulder, opening a lopsided smile. "I've helped to save the world once. Now, we did the same with New Continent."

we The commissary gritted her teeth. "As I said, I know what you all did here. Someone was honest with me for once." She glanced at Phillip and took in a deep, calming breath. Lisbete turned to her police force. "Lower your weapons. Let them go if they want... this time."

know Someone Not saying a word, they obeyed as the feather-like drizzle turned into heavy rain.

Satina reached for Léon's hand, but he slipped it away. "Go," he said, turning a gentle gaze to Satina. "I'll stay."

Her eyes widened. "Are you really going to...?"

"I'm sick of running," Léon answered. He got up and kissed Bonee's forehead, opening his curtains so she'd go back home. "I don't want a part in this evilry stuff anymore."

evilry Celena left Cotton's side and held Léon's arm. "You can't. You're a hero now. You all are!" She turned to face the others. "You were the only ones who wanted to help me. You listened to me and... and you won't go to jail. I won't allow it. None of you will!"

all only ones listened "Doing one good thing doesn't erase all the bad I did in the past," Léon answered. "I'll face trial, and I'll accept the punishment I deserve... and I will start anew after that."

one Silence spread, burning the place like the bubbling chemicals from the lab.

Commissary Esposito snapped handcuffs around Léon's wrists. She placed a hand on his shoulder and gave it a firm squeeze. In a silent question, she ran her eyes through the other villains. When none moved, Commissary Esposito turned her back to them. "Let's go," she said.

"Little question." Satina stepped forward. "Since New Continent doesn't have a prison, let alone a female and a male one, can I assume we're all going to the same place? Like... a reward for saving your asses?"

have The commissary raised an eyebrow and scoffed. "That... can be arranged."

can Satina shrugged. "All right, then." She shot her arms forward and jerked her chin to show Léon. "I promised I'd never leave him, so I'll need you to arrest me too."

"Well, little ol' me didn't have this much fun in years! You'll have to take me too, 'cause I'll never leave their side," Mary said with a wide smile. "I just hope you have coffee in prison."

years! A second police officer approached Satina and Mary, then guided them to another AV. The situation was almost controlled when someone decided to stir it a bit more.

almost Phillip took a step forward. "Wait, Mom." He turned his ID concealer off, making a wave of gasps run through the police force and journalists alike. "Take me too. I... I want a new start."

"What the hell is happening here?" Medusa asked, sharing a confused look with Fred.

hell "Something I'm not sure I want to discover," Fred answered.

"This is an opportunity." Iara turned to the cameras and raised her voice to say, "I'll show you that I'm innocent and that I've gathered these men and women with a clear intention in mind. To be New Continent's true heroes." She opened a smile and turned around to face Anachronica. "Call Otelo, my love. Ask him to bring me his best lawyers."

true With those words, the commotion began once more. Reporters tried to pierce the police barrier while cameramen and women did what they could to capture the expressions of those who would become, in the following days, the heroes of New Continent.

Once the commissary closed Léon's door with a bang, the shouting was muffled. He stared outside and chuckled when one of the police officers stopped Mary to ask her for an autograph.

Slowly, things calmed down.

Léon moved his eyes to the side and searched the darkness of Ragged street. Among the buildings behind the crowd, still in the shadows of a new day, he saw Roberto. They smiled at each other, and Léon closed his eyes.

He knew their paths would soon cross again.

***

*** THANK YOU! For reading and voting and commenting and for walking this crazy road with me. This was a long chapter and it was hard for me to write it, but I hope with all my heart you enjoyed it! ♥

THANK YOU! For reading and voting and commenting and for walking this crazy road with me. This was a long chapter and it was hard for me to write it, but I hope with all my heart you enjoyed it! There's still one more chapter to share with you.

There's still one more chapter to share with you. Are you ready? >8)

Are you ready? >8)





fifty-eight: like lovers do


**AHHH! I can't believe this is already the last chapter. Thank you SO much for reading with me and for being part of this amazing journey! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I did writing. Final chapter, here we go!**



**AHHH! I can't believe this is already the last chapter. Thank you SO much for reading with me and for being part of this amazing journey! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I did writing. Final chapter, here we go!** **AHHH! I can't believe this is already the last chapter. Thank you SO much for reading with me and for being part of this amazing journey! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I did writing. Final chapter, here we go!**





— New Continent, January 2051 —

— New Continent, January 2051 — — New Continent, January 2051 — FOUR YEARS LATER

FOUR YEARS LATER FOUR YEARS LATER — Léon —

— Léon — — Léon — It must be a cold day in hell, Léon thought, because Phillip stood in front of him in civilian clothes and not in his tight leather uniform. He looked great on them, except for that awful Mercurial Unicorn t-shirt.

Phillip tried on a smile, scratched his beard, and opened his arms wide. "Welcome back to the world!" he said. There was a new calm in his eyes and a weird something in the lazy way he moved around, the hot breeze of New Continent playing with his dirty-blond hair.

Léon sighed. He kept a hand in his jacket pocket and the other holding the leather handles of his suitcase. Inside it, he carried his old uniform, a collection of moisturizing creams, an erotic vampire book, and three photos. He made sure to leave his toothbrush behind, of course. Léon didn't want anything that reminded him of those forty-seven and a half months in jail.

Still, he wanted to have those three photos close. They were the promise that the outside world awaited for him; the promise that one day he would be free again, alongside his friends and family. The first photo showed Mother, he, and Pipo. The second was Léon, Satina, and Mary.

Long ago, he thought, the three of them would've never had accepted a trial like the one they went through. His lawyer, a bright young man from Alakija & Co, was among the star lawyers of his company for a reason. Otelo—for this was his name—stressed how Léon, Mary, Satina, and the others had worked together to save the city, risking their lives and their very future while fighting against the man who should protect them.

After hearing something like that, being arrested was almost worth it.

Because of Otelo's defense, plus a good dose of good behavior, pulled strings, and some luck, Léon was released way before reaching one-third of his sentence.

Phillip pushed his back from the blue NAV and walked towards Léon, reaching for the suitcase in his hand. "Here, let me take it." He jerked a finger towards his hair. "It looks good on you."

Léon held a strand of his now short brown hair. It barely reached his shoulders, and the ends were dry, rebel sons of bitches who looked nothing like his silky, long hair. "They cut it in prison. I was sad at first, but"—he shrugged—"I guess I'm used to it now."

"It'll grow again if you let it." Throwing the suitcase on his NAV's back seat, Phillip opened the passenger door and gestured towards it. "My Liege."

Léon smiled. Tried to, in fact. "I just want some hair conditioner." The plasmetallic gate of the newly built Metropolitan Correctional Center of New Continent finally closed at his back, stealing his attention. As he spun around, Léon looked at the building one last time.

He spat on the Penitentiary ground, eyebrows furrowed. The cells were tight, the corridors dark, the people hopeless, and the food was the worst kind of nutritional paste Léon had ever tasted.

Worse than that, they didn't let the inmates have coffee.

"Léon?" Phillip called.

It was lonely inside. Lonely, dark, cold, and smelly. Very smelly. Léon walked to the Maybach 6 and hopped in, taking a deep breath. New Continent's toxic pollution smelled ten times better than that place. He closed his eyes. The sun that burned his skin felt different out here. It felt alive.



Léon wished Rob was at his side.

With crunching steps on the gravel, Phillip walked around the NAV and sat down behind the wheel. He closed his door with a bang, but there was no clink of keys, no ignition, no question. No accusation.

"Thanks for picking me up, Phillip. Satina and Fred still have a week, Medusa two months, Mary a year, and I really didn't want to ask Cotton Candy or Celena to come. I'm still kind of angry with them."

Phillip shrugged. "I couldn't let you walk all the way back to Ragged street, could I? Not when he's not here."

he's The third photo in Léon's suitcase came back to his memory. It showed Léon and Roberto. Together, hugging each other, lying on his old sofa-bed. He thought for a long moment before wearing a sad smile and saying, "Some things can't be helped."

Phillip tightened his lips. He gnawed at the bottom one and furrowed his brows. His chuckle was a low, clipped sound with a note of sadness behind it; his scrunched nose and the downward curve in his lips showed how hard Phillip was trying to be civil. "I'm sure he'll show up eventually. If he doesn't... you know I'm still here."

Léon sighed.

If this was four years ago, he would've ignored that answer. Perhaps he'd be angry, hurt, or offended. But things were different now. Léon was different. With a boyish smile, he gave Phillip a hard punch on the arm. "Rio would be disappointed to hear that," he teased.

"Rio? Why are you bringing him up?" Phillip looked at Léon's smile as if it was a lump of gold in a pile of pebbles.

"He used to visit me, you know. After Amma took Pipo back to Old Continent, Rio was the only one who did." Léon propped his chin on a hand and looked at Phillip from the corner of his eyes, studying his reaction. "We talked a lot. He told me how everyone was doing okay and that you were better each day, all things considered."

With a scoff, Phillip finally started his NAV, jerking the radio back to life. "Yeah, well," he said in a loud voice, trying to speak up over the guttural singer. He lowered his favorite death metal band and chuckled. "Before quitting the office, mom made sure Fred, Eureena, and I wouldn't go to jail for life. Two years in the worst prison of Old Continent was enough for me, she said, so she made them transfer me back to NC. The perks of being the former commissary's son, I guess."

"And now you're serving your sentence in open conditions."

Phillip nodded. "I have a curfew, a day-release program, all that jazz. You served your sentence, now you're free. I wouldn't be." His fingers tightened around the steering wheel. "I will never be."

"There is freedom in facing the consequences of your mistakes," Léon said in a low tone, a tiny smile on his lips. "Don't give it up."

"Huh." Phillip stared at him. "You're speaking like an old man. Did you spend four years in there reading philosophy?"

"Nah, only erotica," Léon answered with a grin. "Can you believe there's a whole smut saga of I, Werevampire-wolf Death Machine Nine Thousand? It's so much better than the action movies."

so Phillip let out a loud laugh. "So, you were converted into a fan, eh?"

With a smile, Léon nodded. He stared outside and watched as the orange nothingness of North New Continent ran by his window. Four years ago, somewhere in this desert-like area, Léon and the others had invaded Silverin heights. Today, he was going back home with a clean slate to fill in whatever way he wanted.

His world had changed in these past four years... he was eager to discover if the same had happened with the rest of the city.

Léon opened his window, and a hot wave of air invaded the NAV. "Is Invidia running the show again?"



With a scoff, Phillip threw a glance at Léon. "Of course. Iara's lawyers proved she was innocent of all The Mayor's allegations ," he said in an ironic voice, "so she and Anachronica are working on her election."

innocent of all The Mayor's allegations "And The Mayor?"

"Rotting in his cell in Old Continent."

Léon raised his eyebrows. "They sent him there?"

"Yeah. Mom said it would be poetic justice to the guy who did everything he could to escape his roots."

Something white crossed the afternoon sky. A falling star? Léon closed his eyes and made a wish.

Phillip cleared his throat. "What about... prison? If you... uh... don't mind me asking."

Léon shrugged. "Bonee was there with me most of the time." He studied his fingernails for a long moment. "Thanks to her, no one dared to get close to me. Sometimes, Fred and I were allowed to spend some time with the girls on their block, but they'd keep us separated and alone most of the time. Ignoring all the work and the cleaning I was forced to do, these four years weren't too terrible. They were just... silent, boring, slow, and lonely. Very lonely." He clicked his tongue. "I need a manicure."

"Huh. Lucky you." Following a sign pointing to New Continent urban area, Phillip took a right.

"Was it like that for you too? In OC's prison, I mean."

Something changed in Phillip's eyes. A long moment of silence breached an abyss between them. Finally, he answered, "No." Maybe in an involuntary movement, he raised his fingers to the high collared shirt he was using and tugged at it as if trying to breathe better.

Another shooting star crossed the sky. Léon could've sworn it had a red glow around it, but it was too quick to be sure. Without really knowing why, he wished Phillip would be happy for once.

"But at least I got some nice new scars," Phillip added.

Léon studied his face. Would Rob be looking this sad right now? Would he be having a hard time, like Phillip? "Rio said you're seeing a psychiatrist." The sky darkened outside. There was a storm coming.

Phillip growled. He huffed, the tips of his ears assuming a soft shade of pink. "Rio speaks too much for someone so small."

Léon sat back and chuckled. "He's an open book, you just have to know the right questions." A lopsided smile pulled the corners of his lips. "I was heartbroken when he said he couldn't pick me up today. I don't think I can forgive him."

"Hey. Don't be too hard on him." Phillip's voice was deadly serious. "He's on-call at the hospital, and it's not fair to demonize him for that. I'm sure he would come if he could; he's your friend."

"How could you know what he's doing? You had to cancel your plans together or something?"

Phil shook his head. "We only see each other on weekends. On Wednesdays, we make vid—" He stopped, eyes widening.

"Really?" Léon said with a mischievous smile.

Phillip pressed the gas pedal. He was almost pouting; his cheeks flushed. "You're terrible. I hate you, Dickens."

hate Léon laughed. "You're an open book too, Phil!"

A silly smile curled Phillip's thin lips. "Phil, huh."

"Yeah. Let's be friends, Phil." Léon lowered his window even more and closed his eyes as his short hair whisked on the wind. The smell of a coming storm filled his lungs.

Phillip chuckled. He let out a deep sigh and shrugged. "I can live with that."

Léon smiled.

"You know what?" Phillip slapped the steering wheel and grinned. "I'm taking you to this Thai restaurant in Brash street. My treat. I went there with Rio last week and—"



The words stopped.

The floor quaked when something hit the floor in front of them. Phillip jerked the NAV to the left and out of the highway as the tires screeched against the asphalt; it jumped and bumped as it met the rocks and cactus on the dry earth, and when it stopped, a dense layer of sand and dust wafted around them.

Léon left the NAV and coughed as he tried to recognize the humanoid figure lumped in the middle of the highway. His heart ached. Would it be...?

The figure shot their strong arms aside, and red, crystal-like feathers caught the sunlight. They gave their arms a hard shake, and the feathers fell, breaking like glass against the ground. The figure stood. There were crystals in his hair, bare chest, and shoulders, covering his body like armor.

"Léon," he said.

His heart pummeled its ribcage, and his breathing was so ragged and intense it was starting to hurt. Léon staggered a step, and his back hit the NAV's door. The figure approached.

He was so different. Holy shit, he was...!

Holy shit, He wore an imperial topaz necklace that covered most of his neck and fell with beaded, golden accents down his shoulders; an intricate bracelet sat around his right wrist and, around his left one, seeds and roots covered his hand like a sharp claw. His tattoos looked old and lifeless, but the fire in his eyes had never looked so intense.

"R... Rob?" Léon murmured in a weak voice.

"Not quite," answered the figure before him. He opened a smirk and stretched a hand towards Léon. "We missed you all the same, sweet boy."

As Rob's hand reached forward, the imperial topaz cracked and broke, falling around him like the feathers had, moments ago. When his fingers rested on Léon's shoulders, he was his old self again. His firm, calloused hands slid down to the mid of his back, then brought Léon against his warm chest. All around them, the number of red falling stars increased as the sky got darker and darker.

"I missed you, Tiger. I missed you every second," Rob whispered.

Now it was him.

Now Léon's body jerked into motion, and he wrapped his arms around Roberto's chest, pulling him as if their bodies could merge and unite, never to be separated again. "I missed you too, Bhalu. So, so, so much!" he said against the warmth of his neck. Léon had dreamed about this moment for so long. Without wasting a second more, he held Rob's face and caught his lips in a passionate kiss that made his knees tremble.

His warm lips felt like home.

With a low, rolling chuckle, Rob kissed his lips, temple, jaw, then the hot curve of Léon's neck, nibbling at it. Léon couldn't hold back a small moan, but something snapped inside him when he looked at Rob's eyes.

Léon looked around. Hitting the floor, the falling stars were now popping like balls of red néon goo. The sky overhead was dark and calm while child-like drawings of clouds passed by.

This was not real.

Léon's breathing caught in his throat; his eyes watered.

"It is real," Rob said. "And I'll fulfill my promise." He produced a small, triangular amethyst and placed it cold against Léon's palm. "Come and find me, Tiger." He closed Léon's fingers and placed a kiss on them. Rob cupped his hands on his face, looking at him with so much love and longing that a shiver crossed Léon's back.

is They spent a moment in silence as the falling stars hit the ground around them.

"I love you. And I'll be waiting for you," Rob finally murmured. He stepped back and opened his arms, making the crystal feathers grow once more.

"Wait. Rob, wait!" Léon shouted—but it was too late. A strong gale forced him to close his eyes.

His shoulders shook, and Léon looked around. He was still in Phillip's NAV, sitting beside him as if nothing had happened. The sky was an intense orange outside, and the breeze still hit his cheeks with a comfortable warmth.

"They have this Khanom chin —rice noodle, I think—with some weird-named chicken that is just divine. And for dessert..." Phillip trailed off and frowned, looking at Léon from the corner of his eyes. There was real concern in his voice when he said, "What's wrong, Leo?"

Khanom chin Léon sniffed and dried his tears on his sleeves. When he did it, he saw the shining amethyst resting between his curled fingers.

It was real, then.

It was real.

It was real. "Yeah," Léon said. He opened a wide, sincere smile and took in a deep breath. "I'm just glad, Phil." He sighed and rested against his seat. "I'm going back to Old Continent."





-- END OF BOOK 1 --

-- END OF BOOK 1 --





*sob* Thank you for giving me the privilege of telling you this story AND for reading it with me. I'm having mixed feelings right now. Did you like the book? The ending? Were your questions answered?

*sob* Thank you for giving me the privilege of telling you this story AND for reading it with me. I'm having mixed feelings right now. Did you like the book? The ending? Were your questions answered? Do you have a favorite character? 9.9

Do you have a favorite character? 9.9 You know, I grew to love Léon, Rob, and all the other babies in here--and I know some of you did too--so I'm glad to announce we'll soon have a sequel coming. YAAY! I hope I can count on you for the next book too! ♥

You know, I grew to love Léon, Rob, and all the other babies in here--and I know some of you did too--so I'm glad to announce we'll soon have a sequel coming. YAAY! I hope I can count on you for the next book too! If you loved this book and would like to help me reach more readers, you can always share it with a friend! BISCA will be my entry for the Wattys this year so I hope I can count on you to cheer for me, hihihi ♥♥♥



If you loved this book and would like to help me reach more readers, you can always share it with a friend! BISCA will be my entry for the Wattys this year so I hope I can count on you to cheer for me, hihihi

If you're a die-hard fan and want to show it to the whole world, I have several BISCA-themed avatars you can use wherever you want, however you want. If you're interested, just leave a comment here or send me a MP if you're shy. ♥

If you're a die-hard fan and want to show it to the whole world, I have several BISCA-themed avatars you can use wherever you want, however you want. If you're interested, just leave a comment here or send me a MP if you're shy. As a parting gift for our first book, here's a teaser illustration. It has ♥ Léon with short hair, ♥ the title of the sequel, and ♥ sexy Rob being sexy. dfgnlxeuhr ♥♥♥

As a parting gift for our first book, here's a teaser illustration. It has Léon with short hair, the title of the sequel, and sexy Rob being sexy. dfgnlxeuhr Thank you SOOO much for reading. It means a lot to me that you're here.

Thank you SOOO much for reading. It means a lot to me that you're here. Love you!

Love you! xLigia

xLigia

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. OH!

OH! And if you ever miss our favorite villains, make sure to head to the next book in the series, "Wild Tiger Chase!" I'll leave the link in a comment so you can jump right in! ;)

And if you ever miss our favorite villains, make sure to head to the next book in the series, "Wild Tiger Chase!" I'll leave the link in a comment so you can jump right in! ;)

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Cute Avatars +The next book + Thank you


>> Are you ready for a new adventure? <<

>> Are you ready for a new adventure? << Thank you so much for reading "Bear in sheep's clothing"!

so I hope you had fun and that you're already missing Rob and Léon ;) If that's the case, worry not! I have small snippets of history in this chapter , just for you.

in this chapter Oh, and don't worry. I'm already working on the second book of the series. ;) Wanna know more about it? Here's the title!

second WILD TIGER CHASE



WILD TIGER CHASE



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I post one new chapter of WTC every week, so you're more than invited to join the family and read the new book with us! ♥ I'll leave the link for the new book in a comment in this line here, so it'll be easier for you all to jump right to it.

WTC BUT THAT'S NOT ALL 8D Scroll down, lover, for I have many gifts for you. I have a little Villain Trivia of my own to tell you more about Rob, Léon, and the others. I also have cute avatars you can use if want, plus a list of ways to support and join me in my writing career. ♥

I hope you enjoy it all! ♥♥♥

OH! A huge thank you for voting or commenting!

OH! A huge thank you for voting or commenting! OH! A huge thank you for voting or commenting! Your support and love gave me a lot of strength and helped me through several tough moments of these past months. I consider you part of my Wattpad family now. ♥

If you wanna support my writing career , join the family! Here are a few things you can do:

support my writing career support my writing career ♥ Share! This might be the easiest of them all. Know someone who might like my stories? Send them the link. ;) Or, if you're feeling bold, maybe share this book on your social media profiles. If you do, don't forget to tag me ("LigiaTheAuthor" on Insta and Twitter and "LigiaWrites" on Tumblr) so I can thank you! ♥





♥ Follows, comments, and votes are always welcome and a huge boost of confidence! I'm always open to your feedback too, so if you think I made a mistake somewhere, or if you felt weirded out about something, I'm here to talk. :)

♥ If you can and want to, I'm also on ko-fi. I have many snippets of text from my books and from the games I'm developing there, plus and illustrations and news too! If you'd like to take a look, here's the link: https://ko-fi.com/A354LPQ (I'll leave it in a comment here, so you all can just click on it xD)

♥ Sign my newsletter and keep up to date with all of my projects! (I'll leave the link in a comment, too hehe)





Wanna know who's amazing? YOU ARE! ♥♥♥

YOU ARE!

Sooooo. Here are the cute avatars plus a small Villain Trivia:

Sooooo. Here are the cute avatars plus a small Villain Trivia:

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Roberto Tapir x Grizzly Bear

Roberto Tapir x Grizzly Bear Grizzly Bear Birthday: 07/29

Birthday: Age: 25 years

Age: Zodiac sign: Leo

Zodiac sign: ROB had his first kiss at 18 with none other than certain Léon Dickens . When Toni (Rob's ex-fiancé) proposed, they had just arrested Red Menace for the first time.

ROB Léon Dickens Red Menace Rob and Anhangá met when Rob was three years old. Rob was trying to help a big tapir caught in his father's trap when Anhangá, the protector Spirit of the Amazon Forest, showed up. Anhangá released the tapir for Rob and decided to follow him around, but Rob locked Anhangá inside him by accident, using his main power trace. When Rob finally learned how to release him, he was already under the watchful eye of Brash McCockay, The Mayor , who forbade him to use any powers related to Anhangá.

Anhangá Brash McCockay, The Mayor Only when Rob was already working in Invidia he started to trust Anhangá once again.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Léon Dickens x Reality Warp

Léon Dickens x Reality Warp Reality Warp Birthday: 07/22

Birthday: Age: 22 years

Age: Zodiac sign: Cancer

Zodiac sign: LÉON was a child-hero in the small village of Aíbetama , in Old Continent. His nickname at the time, "Legend", came from the old movie "I am the legend," which he and Satina always watched as kids. Satina's dads worked all the time, so she would sometimes travel with Léon and Kaliandra in the Egg Yolk (their NAV - Non-Automated Vehicle) through Old Continent.

LÉON Aíbetama He's allergic to red food dye. On his first date with his ex-boyfriend, Phillip , Léon was so nervous he forgot about this little detail and stuffed his face in a Japanese all-you-can-eat. He and Phillip spent the night together... in the hospital, after Léon had to undergo an emergency stomach pumping.

Phillip



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Satina Hamman x Bureau Assassin

Satina Hamman x Bureau Assassin Bureau Assassin Birthday: 07/22

Birthday: Age: 20

Age: Zodiac sign: Virgo

Zodiac sign: SATINA was basically raised with Léon and she considers him a little brother, even if he's two years older.

SATINA She was arrested twice. The first time, she was eleven and used her powers to make her neighbor beat himself up instead of beating his daughter. The second time, she got fed up when her misogynist boss kept passing her up for promotion. She hacked into his many personal accounts and donated hundreds of thousands of credits to several charities around Old Continent.

himself Then she beat him up.

Then While in prison, she was forced into a cult, but that's a secret not even Léon knows about.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Mary Sue x Parfait

Mary Sue x Parfait Parfait Birthday: 01/31

Birthday: Age: 17

Age: Zodiac sign: Aquarius

Zodiac sign: MARY was known as a prodigy even before she entered the world of evilry . She was a child actress and singer until the age of twelve.

MARY world of evilry Considered an angel by some and a monster by others, Mary was the only survivor of the infamous Pilgrim Casino tragedy , an event that marked history as one of the most terrible massacres in modern history. Even with all the horrors she witnessed and suffered in those twelve hours, Mary always carries a smile--if it's honest or not, that's another story.

Pilgrim Casino tragedy Before joining Invidia, she hired a small team and opened a cupcake bakery. It was too hard to serve clients and avoid eating all the cupcakes, so she turned to evilry instead.

evilry

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Phillip Esposito x Red Menace

Phillip Esposito x Red Menace Red Menace Birthday: 10/30

Birthday: Age: 24

Age: Zodiac sign: Scorpio

Zodiac sign: PHILLIP had a perfectly normal and loving childhood. He was abandoned by his father (a famous opera singer in Old Continent) but that never made any difference to him. He was raised by his mother and grandmother, who taught him all the good things he forgot about when he joined Invidia.

PHILLIP Before completing 18 years old, Phillip's biggest dream was to become a hero and to drive a Maybach 6. While he never completed the first dream, his missions as a villain gave him enough money to buy the second.

Rob's curiosities are two of the five main reasons why Phillip hates him so much.

Rob's five five And that's all for now!

And that's all for now! Do you want to know more about any other character? What was your favorite character so far? Let me know everything in the comments, I'm dying to know ♥♥♥

Do you want to know more about any other character? What was your favorite character so far? Let me know everything in the comments, I'm dying to know Much love,

Ligia

>> UPDATE: JULY 27TH

>> UPDATE: JULY 27TH I just posted Wild Tiger Chase and my cover reveal. Wanna see it? Here's a small detail of it:

Wild Tiger Chase

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. The full cover and the new book are already in my profile and I'd be super thankful if you could let me know your opinions about it!

Hope to see you soon! ♥





♥ Happy Valentine's day ♥ (comic strip)


Here's a little something for you all while I finish editing this week's chapter.

Here's a little something for you all while I finish editing this week's chapter. Hope you like it ♥

Hope you like it ♥

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Special issue of "Heroines & Heros" #97


I guess that's the power of art. Movies, books, music, paintings, sculptures. They give you this nostalgia over things you never experienced and make you miss people you never really met... real people. Real inside your head. And in your heart, sometimes. Maybe that's why so many people miss the deceased. They 'cease' being real; they become 'Art.' A memory. An image. The bad things are washed away and forgotten.

I guess that's the power of art. Movies, books, music, paintings, sculptures. They give you this nostalgia over things you never experienced and make you miss people you never really met... real people. Real inside your head. And in your heart, sometimes. Maybe that's why so many people miss the deceased. They 'cease' being real; they become 'Art.' A memory. An image. The bad things are washed away and forgotten. But here's the thing: they're real. Or were, once. And their actions sometimes reverberate through the years, like all the shit that happened to us.

But here's the thing: they're real. Or were, once. And their actions sometimes reverberate through the years, like all the shit that happened to us. Bear had a plan. He executed it. He ran away.

Bear had a plan. He executed it. He ran away. The explosions ate up half the continent and left the other half in the dark for weeks, and we all still deal with the consequences. I can't say who's to blame for everything , but I do have a name in mind, that's for sure.

The explosions ate up half the continent and left the other half in the dark for weeks, and we all still deal with the consequences. I can't say who's to blame for , but I do have a name in mind, that's for sure. And, you know? After meeting 'The' Grizzly Bear—after working with him for almost a year—I used to sit back and think about the time he was nothing but a distant Hero to me, an idea. And that's when I realized that... maybe he was in Sheep's Clothing all along.

And, you know? After meeting 'The' Grizzly Bear—after working with him for almost a year—I used to sit back and think about the time he was nothing but a distant Hero to me, an idea. And that's when I realized that... maybe he was in Sheep's Clothing all along. — Léon Dickens, 'Reality Warp,' in an exclusive interview for the special issue of the Heroines & Heros #97: What Happened to Grizzly Bear?



— Léon Dickens, 'Reality Warp,' in an exclusive interview for the special issue of the Heroines & Heros #97: What Happened to Grizzly Bear? — Léon Dickens, 'Reality Warp,' in an exclusive interview for the special issue of the Heroines & Heros #97: What Happened to Grizzly Bear?



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





-- NEW Art Giveaway (2021 - closed) --





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Lovesomes! My NEW art giveaway is now OPEN !

OPEN Have you ever wanted to see your favorite character illustrated specially for you? Yeah? Well, then--the time has come for you to lip-sync for your... I mean... it's your chance now! ;)





For those of you who don't already know, my name is Ligia. I'm a twenty-*mutters the rest* yo writer, freelance illustrator, game developer, and designer with a love for celebrations, memes, cats, and terrible jokes, as you probably noticed.

I just reached 1k followers, BISCA now has 87k reads, WTC just beat the 4k mark, and that's all thanks to you! I want to give back all the love and support this community has offered me over the years, so here we go!

BISCA WTC Rules are simple:

Rules are simple: Rules are simple: + Chose one of your favorite characters of any fandom (it might be your own character, one of the Avengers, your Grandma Kathryn, or even yourself);

one + Leave a comment with your choice, filling the form below. Tag someone who might want to join in the fun;

+ SHAZAM, you're participating!

Entries are opened from March 15 to March 30. I'll randomly select two winners, to be announced on March 31st . On April 14th , the icons will be revealed in this chapter. The winners will be immortalized in this chapter alongside the previous years' winners, and I'll send them the original art in HD. ;)

Entries are opened from March 15 to March 30. March 30. two March 31st . March 31st April 14th What are you waiting for? 8D

What are you waiting for? 8D FORM:

FORM: ++ Your name (or how you want to be called)

++ What character do you want me to draw for you? Is it yours?

++ Character's short description (face + personality/the expression you want your character to have in the portrait)

++ Your favorite color. This will be the base for the color scheme of the portrait.

++ Tag someone who might be interested in participating!

Aaand that's all. I hope to see you all in the comments! ;) If you have any doubts, just send me a PM or leave a comment here.

Kisses! :*

Kisses! :* Ligia

Ligia





Previous winners:

Previous winners: Previous winners:





Birdpaw who asked for a portrait of Nyra, her MC in Starfall.



Birdpaw



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. In her words:





Character: Nyra, from Starfall Description: Face: Tanned, slightly angular face structure. Storm grey eyes. Shoulder length, spiky black hair. Personality wise: Confident and sure of herself. Definitely can see her smiling as such in a picture.

Character: Nyra, from Starfall Description: Face: Tanned, slightly angular face structure. Storm grey eyes. Shoulder length, spiky black hair. Personality wise: Confident and sure of herself. Definitely can see her smiling as such in a picture.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Nablai who asked for a portrait of Tom Holland as Spiderman.

Nablai In her words: "Tom Holland is perfect in the role of Spiderman."

In her words: "Tom Holland is perfect in the role of Spiderman."





-- 2021 --

-- 2021 --

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. meganalexandria who asked me to paint the beautiful Miranda (her MC from Miranda Rites Series). I tried to go soft for this one, using very delicate shading and soft color transitions.

meganalexandria

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Knack4Things who asked me to paint Darcy, their character from Rattlebones.

Knack4Things Rattlebones.





In their words:

Description: I draw inspiration from 5 from Umbrella Academy, but also like, every emo/goth character in cartoon history. He can open portals into the spirit world by using a third eye. It's more of a crystal, not an eye, but still. Lmao

Description: I draw inspiration from 5 from Umbrella Academy, but also like, every emo/goth character in cartoon history. He can open portals into the spirit world by using a third eye. It's more of a crystal, not an eye, but still. Lmao I hope I captured him well with this painting! Since the theme felt heavier, I chose a different brushwork and a colder palette with lots of purples :) hehe

I hope you all liked the final pieces. Thank you so much to everyone who participated! ♥♥♥





Author Notes (important, please read)


Welcome to a new adventure!

Welcome to a new adventure! Hello there, love!

Thank you sooo much for checking my story! I'll be brief, I swear:

Name's Ligia Nunes, nice to meet you! I wrote this story to all my LGBT+ friends and supporters. You'll see BxB, GxG, Asexuality, Heterosexuality--and, mainly, you see love, friendship, humor...

love, friendship, humor... AND SUPERPOWERS!

AND SUPERPOWERS! AND SUPERPOWERS! So, if you're not comfortable reading about it, please don't, because there WILL be LGBT+ couples here!

WILL WILL Buuut If your heart is filled with love, if you know we're all equal no matter our gender, country, color, religion, sexual preference, etc, and you decide to read on, I truuly Hope you have Fun! I would LOVE to know your opinions, so please leave a comment telling me what you think about Léon, Rob, Mary, Satina and their friends (or enemies!) :)

Also, please-please-please don't forget to vote if you enjoy the story! ♥♥♥

Loads of love,

Ligia

Oh, and here's an illustration I made with my main characters. It's aaaactually a wallpaper, so if you want to see the full size or download it, you can check the link in this chapter ♥





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





