Introduction


Title: A Fantasy Real

Copyright by: jennylgale

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/156451841-a-fantasy-real

Synopsis: What's worse than having your friends set you up with a blind date? Introducing him to your family. That's what happens to Olivia Morton, television meteorologist and fuddy-duddy extraordinaire. She's too busy forecasting weather patterns and pondering blips on a radar screen to forecast her love life. What hard-working woman has time for romance? Besides, her relationships in the past have always ended in dismal failure. No sense beating that dead horse, right? That's what she kept telling herself. Until the day HE walked into her life. His name is Cal. He's tall, he's charming, he fills out a suit like nobody's business, and he's Irish. The perfect man, in Olivia's humble opinion. There's just one problem. He's a male escort. A fantasy man whose sole profession in life is to fulfill other people's fantasies. Not exactly the man a girl brings home to momma, but that's what she's about to do. Cal is a fantasy that's about to become a little too real. 2020 WATTYS AWARD WINNER in Romance Category WON 1st Place Chick-Lit/Women's Fiction category - 2020 Prime Awards #5 in Contemporary Romance, April 9, 2020 #46 in ROMANCE, March 26, 2020 (out of 1.5M stories!) Wattpad Reviews: "Oh my God... I honestly don't know why this book doesn't have millions of views wow. I love everything about it." @CherishedMephit 1/2/2020 "I'm more of a silent reader and I always forget to vote when reading books, but daaaamn girl. This was one of the best books I've read in a loooong time." @boredotaku_ 2/25/2020 "Your words have the ability to rope the reader into the story, be fully invested emotionally...all while giving an unpredictable storyline with twists and turns..." @octavia1201 3/27/2020 "You've absolutely ruined any other book for me because of how beautiful this book right here is..." @lllleeeennnn 2/20/2020 "This book truly is a precious gem that I don't want to share because it's too beautiful and valuable..." @WW_Heisenberg 5/18/2020





A Fantasy Real


Introduction

Chapters Foreword

Part One - "A Fantasy Real"

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Part Two - "Back to Reality"

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Part Three - "Leaving on a Jet Plane"

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Chapter 24

Chapter 25

Chapter 26

Chapter 27

Chapter 28

Part Four - "Don't Say That I'm Falling in Love..."

Chapter 30

Chapter 31

Chapter 32

Chapter 33

Chapter 34

Chapter 35

Chapter 36

Chapter 37

Part Five - "That Girl is Poison..."

Chapter 39

Chapter 40

Chapter 41

Chapter 42

Chapter 43

Chapter 44

Chapter 45

Chapter 46

Chapter 47

Part Six - KEEP CALM and Let Karma Do All the Work

Chapter 49

Chapter 50

Chapter 51

Chapter 52

Chapter 53

Chapter 54

Chapter 55

Chapter 56

Part Seven - "I Don't Want To Live Without You..."

Chapter 58

Chapter 59

Chapter 60

Chapter 61

Chapter 62

Chapter 63

Epilogue





Foreword





Have you ever read a book where, once you reached the ending, you thought, Man, I could've come up with a better way to tell that tale ?





Man, I could've come up with a better way to tell that tale That's where I found myself one evening when I was bored and wanted something racy to read. I came across a book about a male escort that, while well-written, didn't fulfill all I would have wanted as a reader out of such a story. Thus, this story was born.

A Fantasy Real was initially entitled Escort when I first started writing and posting it by chapters on FictionPress. It started out as a test to see if I had the guts to write an erotic novel. I had never written anything in that genre before, but I also knew that I didn't want to write a story that hinged solely on the sex lives of my characters. Sure, sex sells, but my goal was to create a story that was less about eroticism and more about people. I wanted fully fleshed-out, fully realized characters with depth, characters with motivation, characters that start out as flawed people at the beginning of the novel and end up better flawed people by the end.

A Fantasy Real Escort Hopefully, I've accomplished that and you as the reader will see that I've written a story about love and family and the inelegance of the human condition.

This is a story about a guy named Cal told through the eyes of the main character, Olivia. So, hop on this rollercoaster of emotions his story is intended to take you on. You'll probably shed a few tears, you might even get angry a few times , but you might also have a good laugh along the way. 😉

you you might even get angry a few times might even get angry a few times If you decide to continue reading, first and foremost, thank you . Second, please review and vote. I really want to hear from you. A writer is nothing without her readers. Give me your honest feedback on plot, character development, and the story as a whole. If you note any grammatical errors, drop me a note. Your critiques or thoughts will be most welcome.

thank you thank you This book is dedicated to tipprs not just for loving this novel and wanting to see it succeed but for for her tireless efforts to recruit new and appreciative readers. 😊🙏



tipprs

01/06/2021 - I'm usually the kind of writer who responds to her readers' every comment. Since the Wattys win, it has become nearly impossible for me to do that. So, if you're the kind of reader who likes to comment, know that even if I don't respond, I do try to read as many comments as I can. Sometimes they get lost in the shuffle but trust me, I am paying attention.



01/06/2021 01/06/2021



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Copyright © 2018 by Jenny L. Gale.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.

This novel is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

If you're reading or have read A Fantasy Real on any other site besides Wattpad, I have been ripped off. Please let me know immediately.

A Fantasy Real Image used in Foreword banner by Cassidy Kelley on Unsplash. Cover photograph: Photo 126502205 © Ulrich Allgaier - Dreamstime.com . Used by permission.

Photo 126502205 © Ulrich Allgaier - Dreamstime.com The fonts used on the cover and in subsequent title images are Gunny Rewritten and CopperplateGothic Light. The spacer images were created using fonts called KRWeather Dings and Separates . All graphics created using Paint ShopPro X4.



Gunny Rewritten CopperplateGothic Light. KRWeather Dings Separates



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Part One - "A Fantasy Real"





I had never been so mortified in my entire life.

never The most gorgeous man I had ever met was sitting across the table from me. This is no exaggeration. My ideal combination of manly perfection is tall, slender, and built, but not so built that his biceps would threaten to rip apart the sleeves of an expensive grey suit Incredible-Hulk-style. This man was comfortably well put together, enough for me to know that, were the clothes to come off, he would not disappoint.

Oh, and I almost forgot the ice-blue eyes, the brown hair, the boyish yet seductive smile, and a complexion that hints of ginger but doesn't quite make the leap. It was like somebody picked my brain for every scintillating aspect of the male species that flips my particular Twinkie, drew him to life in heart-stopping detail, then plopped him in the chair across from me and told him to have eyes only for me. Suffice it to say, my heart was beating its own special rhythm inside my ribcage. My Twinkie had officially been flipped.

my Okay, so you're probably wondering why a man such as that would have me mortified. Let me explain... And to do that, I'll have to go back a bit. Not too much. I don't want to bore you any more than I wanted to bore HIM .

HIM Name's Olivia Morton, but that's not really important. What you need to know about me right now is that I'm a country bumpkin. Yeah, the whole cowpoke, chewing on a piece of grass, cowgirl-hat wearing shebang. An Iowa girl, born and raised. No, I didn't grow up shucking corn on the farm, but it was pretty damn close. My parents raised show horses for a living. I, on the other hand, had my eyes to the sky, watching the clouds, tracking the weather. Who did everyone look to if they wanted to know when the weather would change? Who kept (and still keeps) a wind and a rain gauge on the property? Who is awed instead of terrified by the sheer force of a monster tornado?

That's right... Me.

I've wanted to be a meteorologist as far back as I can remember, and like any kid with a dream, I pursued it to the exclusion of everything else. Sure, I have friends that I've nurtured since high school, and even a few I gained in college, but romance... Well, let's say I'm about as experienced with romance as I was at sixteen. Don't get me wrong. I'm not an innocent little doe-eyed virgin. I've had a few (What would you call them? Relationships?) in my time. But nothing major, nothing especially long-lasting. I don't have the time. Becoming a meteorologist, not only in name but on paper, has been the passion of my life. It's a hectic job that requires many long hours of dedication and a serious lack of a social life.

But who needs a social life when you can have cumulonimbus clouds, am I right?

It's been about six months since I started working at KCAB, Sacramento's most popular local news station. The girls on the news team are great. Our "weather specialist" Bob is a super-duper, awesome dude. I've learned a lot from him in the first few months. But you know how it is when you're "the new girl" on the job. You remain "the new girl" until you find a clique you can jibe with and once you do, in walk the jokes about your social life and the pranks to spice up that social life and eventually, you're dragged out of your comfortable apartment for the prerequisite girls' night out. Right?

Well, maybe that's not so in everyone's case. Anyone reading this is probably way more outgoing and comfortable with that Friday-girl's-night-out lifestyle than I am.

Rosalyn, our six o'clock news anchor and chieftainess among the girls of KCAB, doesn't think I have enough fun. She calls me the quintessential party-pooper, the old fuddy-duddy of the group, and says I spend too much time with my nose stuck in a book than my hands down the front of some guy's pants.

enough And I haven't gotten to the mortified part of the story yet. That's still coming.

The new girl always gets the shitty schedule. That's how it works in the big biz of the local television news. Until you're The Shit , you work shit. Thus, my current career track has me pulling the late shift, or as the station likes to call it, "The Late Night Weather Review." Would have been nice if they had added "...with Olivia Morton" as the tagline, but I wasn't the only newb on the scene.

The Shit

On my way home one night, after a string of evenings standing in front of a green screen pretending I was super stoked to still be awake at eleven-thirty, I had the idea of spending the remaining hours of my evening pouring over the intricacies of the weather patterns for the week before falling over into bed like the Leaning Tower of Pisa, when Rosalyn called.

"Hey, Livy," she'd said with her chipper 'Good-Evening-Sacramento' voice at twelve o'clock in the morning.

Rosalyn is KCAB's own big-busted, flawlessly coiffed and ideal image of Sactowns's evening news. She's our own little Oprah. Funny, intelligent, and way too much ego for one body. I love her to death, but from the moment I met her I sensed a twinge of the devious in her. There's always something up Rosalyn's sleeve, and it isn't just her arm.

"The girls are getting together tomorrow night. We're meeting at O'Henry's. Thinking sevenish."

I wasn't thinking of Rosalyn the prankster when I responded. (This woman's idea of a welcome-to-KCAB-present was a "personal massager" because I'd made the mistake of reporting my singleness.) I was too busy cringing at the thought of spending another late night away from the comforts of my apartment. Seriously. So what if I'm not yet twenty-eight? I like to be in bed by ten o'clock when I can help it.

"Oh, Roz, I don't know. I've got so much work to catch up on—" And I was in the middle of a Gillian Flynn novel. Hello?

"No no no, girlfriend." When Rosalyn says 'girlfriend,' one knows the argument is over. "You always have work to catch up on. When's the last time you went out with the girls for a few drinks?"

work to catch up on. I shook my head and rolled my eyes even though she couldn't see me. "I have a perfectly good merlot in the refrigerator."

And though I couldn't see her, she invariably did the same. "Oh, sweet baby Jesus. Livy?"

I knew I had lost the battle. "Yes?"

"O'Henry's. Tomorrow night. Sevenish. Capisce?"

I acquiesced, but only because a black woman saying "capisce" was something you cannot say no to. I should have known she was up to no good when she told me to wear "something nice."

Arriving as ordered (more like six-thirtyish; I couldn't be late if you paid me), I found our usual girls'-night-out booth, which José the bartender told me had been reserved, ordered a tequila sunrise, and waited.

Patience is a virtue of mine. Dad says I have the patience of Job. He used to shake his head and laugh at the way I'd sit and watch a thunderstorm rolling off the distant mountains for hours on end. I was fascinated. He was baffled. His love of breeding or gelding horses baffled me . Never could get used to the sight of either occupation. Anyway, the point is, I waited patiently for the girls to show. I fiddled with Facebook. Looked at cute videos of kittens and puppies. Laughed at the silly stories my girlfriends back home posted. Pinned a few divinely awesome photos of weather formations onto one of my Pinterest boards. All while I listened for Rosalyn's exquisite laughter mixed with the duo of Anna and Patsy from the newsroom; the trio I had linked myself to since moving to Sacramento and starting work at KCAB. They were my bestus gal pals, my partners in crime. That is, they were my bestus gal pals until I realized six-thirtyish had become sevenish, and I was still alone.

me were I remember feeling my stomach muscles tense. You might think the usual concerns were going through my head. Had I misunderstood Rosalyn? Had she meant tomorrow-tomorrow and not tonight? No. I just knew without a shadow of a doubt that I was being royally pranked. I didn't know just how royally until...

"Livy?"

Yes, Livy is the name everyone has called me since I was a kid. (Kind of like having the name Elizabeth, but everyone calls you Liz.) I just never thought to hear it said in a soft-as-butter Irish accent, smooth like honey dripped from the combs. That sounds as stupid for me to write as it is for you to read, but hell, I'm not a writer! I'm a meteorologist!



I found myself caught on the end seat of a round booth swathed in purple velvet, my thumb still on a Pinterest image of a white as silk tornado veering from the sky to the Kansas-yellow ground while simultaneously looking up into the blue eyes of Mr. Tall and Slender. The very one I mentioned at the outset of my story, and he is every bit one of the most gorgeous men I have ever laid my eyes upon. It wasn't merely the eyes or the build. The man exuded a confidence most men could only dream of; myself included. Though, obviously, I'm not a man. (Trust me, I think he knew that.) I sensed in him, not arrogant confidence, but a serene self-assurance that held no air of haughtiness. He knew how well he looked, and he knew how to use it to the proper effect.

Question was: What the hell was Mr. Perfection doing at my table?

I gawked. I know I did. I must have looked profoundly stupid. Mouth hanging open. Eyes wide (and when my eyes get wide, it's like staring into two pools of green oblivion). He gave me this quirky half-smile that lifted one corner of his mouth, and his brows edged toward each other questioningly. Oh my God, did he have any idea how effortlessly sexy that expression was?

"It's Livy, isn't it?"

And what do I say? "Uh... Yeah."

I couldn't think of anything else. I was utterly and completely flabbergasted that this man would speak to me, let alone know my name. Had he caught me on KCAB's "Late Night Weather Review"? No way! This guy got his weather on the go from The Weather Channel. He didn't stay up late to catch his weather before bed just so he could eye the geeky looking redhead on the late-night news.

He indicated the opposite side of the booth with his right hand. The other held a martini. "Mind if I sit?"

"Uh... No."

I frowned as he took the seat, long legs bending luxuriously beneath the table. The tip of his shoe bumped my average heals, and I had the sudden horrifying thought he might stretch one of those Sequoia-sized legs between mine. Secretly wished he would, but horrified at the idea just the same. I decided it might be best to compose myself before I resembled an ice cube that had been scorched and melted into water. So, I cleared my throat, took a sip of my drink and acted the part of the well in control of herself meteorologist.

"I'm so—" My voice croaked. I cleared it again. "I'm sorry. Who are you?" I glanced surreptitiously at the cell phone in my lap, noticed it was now seven-oh-five, and thought, Yep. I am on my own.

Who Yep. I am on my own. The languid blue and lavender neon lighting at the bar, which I usually found restful, lent a playful twinkle to his eyes. Restful was not the word for what I was experiencing.

Mr. Perfection extended an open palm across the table. "Name's Cal."

For a second, I wasn't sure what he wanted of me. I had gone to Stupidville, where all the stupid people live. Those five long fingers with their trim nails and fine hair at the knuckles seemed like they might burn if I touched them, but I didn't want to look like someone from Stupidville. So, I faked a pleasant smile I didn't feel and took his hand. Just like I thought! The Devil's hand!

"It's nice to meet you, Livy," he finished.

Devil's hands aside, he shook with a firm grip. I've always appreciated a strong man. Reminds me of Dad, strong, hardworking. Problem is, I don't have time for men. I'm a career woman. I have places to go, people to meet, weather to predict.

All of which had me wondering... "Do I know you, Mr. Cal?"

"Just Cal, please. And no, you don't. Though, I've seen you on television. Your 'late night weather review.'"

"You have?" That was shocking, and I wasn't shy to show it.

He gave me that quirky smile again. "Sometimes I get home late."

I wasn't even going to touch that. Besides, I needed to get to the crux of this perplexing problem. "So, um, I'm confused. You know me from the weather and...?"

He frowned, marring his otherwise cool exterior for a fraction of a second. Then the smile returned, easy like Sunday morning. (Sorry Lionel...) "From your friend. She said this is where I'd find you. Right here in this booth, at around seven."

My stomach muscles didn't tighten. They clenched. I had to look like a deer caught in the headlights to this guy, because though his smile held (famously intrigued, of course), those blue eyes of his narrowed.

"She didn't tell you, did she?" he asked.

"Tell me what?" My voice begged to croak again. Both of us were beginning to get the gist of Rosalyn's little prank.

prank. That lovely, boyish grin, which had already turned me into mush, widened into a purely rakish smile that threatened to knock me out cold. "Your friend asked me to say, 'Happy Early Birthday.' She hired me to be your escort for the evening."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Author's Note : Part One image by Andy Grizzell on Unsplash. I used the free font "Gunny Rewritten" for the title and the individual parts of the story, and "KR Weather Dings" spacers.

Author's Note : Part One image by Andy Grizzell on Unsplash. I used the free font "Gunny Rewritten" for the title and the individual parts of the story, and "KR Weather Dings" spacers. Author's Note





Chapter Two





The probability is high that I'll go down in the annals of history as the first person to have nearly choked to death on a tequila sunrise. A combination of bad timing and a dry throat made me take a sip of my drink right when the word "escort" slipped from those salacious lips. Which was great, since I'd also made a fool of myself by spitting up like a baby in a highchair.

I made a quick reach for the napkin in the center of the table he'd slid it toward me, eyes alight with a barely held amusement.

"Are you all right?" he asked while I dabbed my chin.

I coughed, cleared my throat again, wished for another sip, and promptly pushed the drink away from me. My cheeks were already flaming. I didn't need alcohol to further the blush. "I'm sorry. Did you say—?"

"Escort?" he said with a quick raise of his eyebrows. "Yes."

I glanced cautiously on either side of me for wandering eyes or listening ears. "By escort, you mean...?"

"Date. Companion."

Ugh. He milked that heady accent for everything it was worth, the schmuck. So, I threw in my definition for shits and giggles. "Gigolo?"

I waited for an uncomfortable flinch or a frown, a sign that I'd insulted his standing in society. The answer my innocent ears expected was something along the line of, Absolutely not. Such practices are illegal in the state of California, and I am a law-abiding citizen. But his steady smile never faltered (though, I thought his eyes slipped from mine for a moment), and he answered candidly, "Sometimes. Depends on the client."

Absolutely not. Such practices are illegal in the state of California, and I am a law-abiding citizen. My eyes must have bugged because his eyebrows rose again. I brought my hand to my face to cover the ever-deepening blush and mumbled, "That bitch." To which he heartily laughed. It was a lovely laugh too, clean and unhindered, one a single woman like me could easily fall for. But, no. I was way too mortified knowing my so-called friend had tricked me and hired a gigolo to...

To do what? To get me laid? Or to get out of my apartment for the night? Happy early birthday, my ass! How could she do that to me? My only thought was, Just wait until I see her on Monday!

Just wait until I see her on Monday! "I'm sorry," he said on the tail end of laughter. A self-effacing grimace transformed his fine features, and he seemed to search for the right thing to say. "I thought you were waiting for me . Had I known you'd been set up, I would have approached you differently."

. "Set up isn't the word, buster. This was supposed to be a girls' night out, not a—." Wait. What did he say? "You would have approached me anyway?"

He shrugged. "We had a seven o'clock appointment."

"By appointment, you mean you're still getting paid."

His smile dimmed, and he seesawed his head from side to side as if to say Dad's favorite idiom, six of one and half a dozen of the other. "If that's how you'd like to look at it."

Granny used to say, 'Tell the truth and shame the Devil.' Sometimes, though (and I've learned this the hard way), telling the truth kinda has the tendency to hurt. Not that my new friend the gigolo was about to cry or anything. He still looked as confident as that old white stallion Dad had raised from foal to studhorse. That old beast had fathered a whole brood, and this guy looked just as capable. Maybe it was that —his overt man- ness— that had me as nervous as a teen on her first date. It took a heavy sigh and a deep breath to realize I was being rude. Even to a gigolo, it wasn't the best first impression.

that ness— I gave him a contrite glance. "Uh... Look, Mister..."

"It's Cal. Just Cal. Remember?"

"Yes. I apologize."



"No need. You were taken by surprise. It's understandable." He indicated the length of the booth between us. "You mind if I slide over a bit?"

I hesitated, looking at him from beneath lidded eyes, searching for any hint of trickery, but saw only honesty in those perfect features. Though, it might have been his clean-cut look—the short-cropped hair that adhered to the fine shape of his head, the not-so-subtle hint of stubble on his cheeks and chin, the finely tailored suit (it fit him like a damn glove, by the way). He was the kind of man one would be proud to take home to mamma. If he wasn't a gigolo, that is.

Hell, I'd settle for taking him home. What would mamma think then?

"I guess not," I finally said after much internal debate.

He gave me another smile, and though I tried to turn away from it, I found I didn't want to. There was something mesmerizing in the way he unbuttoned his suit coat and used a combination of sturdy legs and open palms to lift his rear from the velvet cushion to slide his way closer to me. If I told you I felt perfectly at ease right that moment, you'd laugh me off the page. Literally. But, though my cheeks matched the color of my hair, and my heart beat all the way down to my nether regions, I did a fair job of keeping control over my mental faculties. I was coherent enough to know that this guy (at that point, I had completely forgotten his name again) had been at this game for a very long time. He knew exactly what he was doing, and he was damn good at it. It was in his smile, his eyes, in the way he moved, and in every word he spoke. He was performing for me, like an actor on the stage. And if I weren't careful, I might let myself fall for it.

Thus, I had to put him into a realistic perspective. A disdainful frown could only help. "How do you do that?"

"Do what?"

"Pshaw!" That wasn't any disbelieving pshaw. It came out heavy with the breath I'd been holding as he sidled closer. "This ain't my first rodeo, bucko. I know when someone's putting on a show. Be real."

He laughed at my use of the term "bucko," even saying it under his breath. I liked the Irish way it popped from between his lips. "I should apologize to you," he said after taking a sip of his drink. "I've caught you off guard, and I'm truly sorry for it because I've given you the wrong impression."

He set his drink down. I half expected him to move a little closer and rest his arm on the velveted seat behind me, but he did something that let me see the man behind the act. He leaned forward, put his elbows on the table, and he looked away from me to stare at his drink. Nothing more than that, but it was enough. The confident man with the drink in his hand and the overly relaxed airs was the act. Be real, I'd said, and he was doing it. But for how long? And was "being real" an act too? Was he still playing me?

I decided the only way to find out was to hear him out.

"Here's the thing." He twined his fingers around either side of his long-stemmed martini glass. "I use the term escort because many times I am simply that—a date for the evening. A client of mine once hired me to stay the weekend with her elderly mother because she had to go away unexpectedly, and she didn't want to leave her mother alone. I spent three days reading Jane Austen's novels aloud."

escort All I thought was, oh my God, he must have given grandma a stroke, and I don't mean the medical kind. But, seriously, I could sit and listen to him read Jane Austen to me all weekend long, too. That accent!

He continued. "However, that doesn't mean I haven't spent an evening or a weekend providing other..." He rubbed the condensation from his glass as he pondered the best way to say it. "...extracurricular activities with my clients. Everyone is different, and I believe what happens behind closed doors is a private matter between two consenting adults." He sat back, one hand on the table, the other bringing his martini to his lips, his eyes intent upon me. I felt skewered. "Your friend hired me to take you out for the evening, show you a good time. What a good time consists of, Livy, is entirely up to you."

a good time A joke. That works when all other words fail. "Even if I enjoy robbing banks on the side?"

He laughed and took another sip of his drink. That sly, practiced smile remained. "Thing is, what you said is correct. I am still getting paid whether you toss your drink at me and walk out or not. But it's not your money. Am I right?"

He had locked eyes with me once again, and though I really wanted to stare at my drink like it was the most interesting thing in the room, I didn't. "Well... No."

"Mind if I make a suggestion then?"

I took a deep breath, let it out slowly. "Depends on the suggestion."

Reaching into his suit coat, he produced a credit card that reflected the neon lights of the bar. I couldn't see the name on it, but I had an idea whose it was. "I say go for it. I'm contracted 'til one in the morning. So, whether we sit here, drink and talk shit for hours, or we go for dinner, or catch a show, or we end up doing something else that's not on the menu... This is your night, Livy. Take advantage of me."

A summer heatwave had settled over O'Henry's. I needed a fan. All I had was self-determination to keep my cool. "And if I equate that to using you?"

He raised an eyebrow. "If I remember correctly, the one you referred to as that bitch doubted your resolve. She said you would cave inside of an hour." He waved the credit card in my face. "It's not your dime, Livy."

that bitch Rosalyn thought she'd planned the perfect prank. I could almost imagine her leafing through photographs of male escorts (from whatever escort service he worked for) with her wicked laugh while hunting for the man that would make me melt. I was betting Anna and Patsy were in on it, too. A good one on Livy Morton, the poor little never-gets-out-to-have-a-good-time country girl with no more room for men in her life than she has for a pet (actually, my lease agreement doesn't allow for it, which sucks). The three of them were probably in the restaurant next door, watching and waiting to see how soon I'd come running out of O'Henry's, humiliated and running for the hills. They'd have a barrel of laughs, no doubt.

We'd see who had the last laugh. Mr. Perfection was offering me the opportunity for some much-needed revenge. After the last six months of Rosalyn's ribbing about my "lifestyle," I damn well deserved it.

I snatched the credit card out of my escort's hand and returned his smile. He had a million gorgeous white teeth, and he was flashing every single one of them at me.

"I like the way you think, Mr. Gigolo. Let's go blow some money."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter Three





Some are brave out loud. They say what they feel, and they mean what they say. The rest of us are only brave in our heads. Anything goes in our fantasies. (And he was a fantasy, all right, "a fantasy real" like Maxwell sang in that song.) As long as the fantasies give us the freedom to be as glamorous as Elizabeth Taylor, as provocative as Charlize Theron, or even as raunchy as Miley Cyrus, we can then go about our little lives at peace with the fact that our reality is relatively dull. Thus, even though I had chosen to spend my evening with a man who made a living selling himself and his "services" out to women far braver than myself, my only brave intention was to have a good time blowing Rosalyn's hard-earned dough and making her regret every second she took to plan her prank.

a good time How the evening turned out, however, was not quite how I had envisioned it at the outset.

It started on the sidewalk outside O'Henry's. I wasn't in the mood to "drink and talk shit," as my gigolo had so elegantly put it, so we stepped out into the cool June air with no particular destination in mind. K Street, tree-lined and neon-brightened, was pretty enough for a place to hang out in my estimation, and the IMAX theatre across the way was an alluring what-to-do-with-Rosalyn's-money idea, but I wasn't too keen on sitting with this man in the dark. Besides, if the girls were in any of the restaurants nearby, I had to make the show convincing. Couldn't let them see me playing it safe by taking a gigolo to the movies, and they sure as hell weren't going to see a late-night meteorologist more afraid of a handsome man than she was a deadly tornado. No sireee, Bob.

So, instead of looking around covertly for Rosalyn huddled with Anna or Patsy beneath one of the shaded outdoor eateries, I made a point of standing beside my gigolo with a beaming smile on my face. It looked as awkward as it sounds.

Hands in the pockets of his slacks, suit coat tucked behind his arms, no tie, open collar, and a Cheshire-cat grin that could slap the stripes off a tiger, he stuck a thumb over his shoulder and said, "I think the banks are that way."

I snapped my fingers in an aw-shucks gesture. "Darn. I left all my bank-robbing accouterments at home."

aw-shucks "No masks? Not even a gun?"

I shrugged apologetically, and we shared a laugh as awkward as my beaming smile.

"Well, since we aren't robbing banks," he began, "what would you like to do for your early birthday, Livy?"

There was something about the way he said my name, as though he'd known me for years. The thought crossed my mind to clasp my hands in front of me and twist them like a nervous ninny, so I held my matching bag as if it was a pair of handcuffs instead.

"Oh, I don't know. I've only been living here for about six months or so. I don't have a good grasp of Sacramento yet." I held up a finger. "Except for its weather. I've got that down."

He chuckled. "How about we take a walk under the trees while you decide, then?"

"Okay, sounds nice," I said, chipper as could be. I had every right to be. I had four and a half hours to hang out with a gorgeous man and lots of money to spend.

We weren't the only souls out on this Friday evening. The street was packed. Music thrummed at differing beats, and the smell of marinara sauce, Asian spices, alcohol, and cigarettes assaulted me from various locations along the way. I guess I could have perused the shops and restaurants at my left, but my eyes were drawn to him, and boy was he tall. He dwarfed my little five-foot-five statured self by a good six inches. This wasn't any leisurely stroll, by any means. Looking into those baby blues, I figured we'd best get down to business. Wouldn't want to bore the man. I mean, he was getting paid to walk with me underneath the trees while I decided how he should entertain me.



"So," I began, "what does a—" His hand slipped around my waist. I then promptly choked on my words.

He wore a devilish grin. "You were saying?"

Clearing my throat again was not an option. I choked it down and smiled. He would not see my discomfort, no matter how good his hand felt at my hip, or that I couldn't exactly remember how I had intended to frame the question.

"What's a typical night for an escort? I mean, if this were a typical night."

"Well, as I said, every date is different." His voice lowered minutely, but it was enough that our conversation stayed private. It also helped that he'd pulled me a smidge closer, hip to hip. All the better to hear you by, my dear. He continued. "I usually try to ascertain what my role will be first."

All the better to hear you by, my dear. "You mean, whether she's looking for a Greek god to grace her arm for the evening or an Olympic romp between the sheets?"

It was his turn to choke. "Sort of."

"And once you know your role, what then?"

He looked at me through lidded, but curious eyes. "You ask a lot of questions."

"I'm a curious girl."

"I can tell."

"And I'm kinda nervous about this. This is not something I would ever do on my own."

"So I've gathered."

"Then, what do you do with someone like me who isn't sure she's made the right decision?"

"I let her call the shots. Whatever is comfortable for you is what we'll do."

"Oh," was all I could say. I had no idea what was comfortable for me. The last time I went on a date, the guy took me to dinner, took me to the movie, said goodnight, and we went our separate ways. It was pretty boring. What precisely was I looking for in this man tonight? A Hugh Jackman romantic comedy? Swashbuckling Captain Jack fun? A Mr. Darcey-esque walk beneath the trees? Or NC-17 excitement?

"Okay, so what if I was one of your typical dates? What would you do then?"

"I would start by asking if there's a particular fantasy you'd want to have fulfilled."

He could have at least stammered a bit at such a statement, but he didn't even bat an eye. I had to giggle, given my recent train of thought. "Fantasy! Do women really want that?"

"Some do. They want to escape reality. They want to experience something they wouldn't experience at home with their significant other."

"Husband or boyfriend. Go ahead and say it. I don't doubt some of your clients are married women."

"Some are, I'm sure, but I don't ask."

"I'm not. I mean, attached. I haven't been for some time."

Oh, that was cringeworthy. Why had I thrown that out there? It wasn't like I wanted to discuss the details of my private life with him or anything. I hesitated to look at him, but he seemed neither surprised nor concerned. He carefully guarded his every expression, as though he planned when to laugh or when to smile. And though I knew that wasn't entirely true, because when he laughed it was wholly genuine, it still knotted me up inside. I hated not knowing what he thought about me.

"What's wrong with the men in your life, Livy? Are they blind? You're an attractive woman."

My heart thudded uncharacteristically. Normally, it takes a massive supercell to do that. I gave him a sly grin. "She is paying you well, isn't she?"



"No, that's me being honest."

"You're sure there wasn't a compliment clause somewhere in the deal you two struck?"

He stopped and turned to face me. His hand, warm as an oven mitt right out of the furnace, slid across my lower back to rest on the opposite hip. "Enough questions, Livy. There's an entire city at our fingertips, and you haven't taken advantage of me yet."

He was too close. I took a step back, only to find a wrought-iron fence behind me. One of the outdoor dining areas for the restaurants in the strip. People were sitting at tables, talking, eating, drinking. Normal people doing normal, everyday things. It hit me all of a sudden that I was heading out into the night to God knew where to do God knew what with a man I knew nothing about. Hell, I didn't even remember his first name. He hadn't told me his last name. For all I knew, something horrible had happened to Rosalyn and the girls, like a car accident, and he was a serial murderer with a fetish for redheads. What was I thinking?!

And then he flashed that million-tooth smile at my sudden discomfort, took my waist in both his hands and pulled me back toward him. "Wouldn't want you to dirty your nice dress," he said. Thoughts of serial murderers flew out the window. He didn't need to know my fantasies. I was on a date with a devilishly handsome man. I was living the fantasy.

living "Um, doesn't matter what we do," I said, my voice sounding a lot breathier than it typically does on the Late Night Weather Review. "We have free money. How much do we have, by the way?" I diverted my attention from his eyes to my bag in search of the card I thought was a credit card, but later discover it to be a gift card as there was no name on it.

"Five hundred." His fingertips were little pockets of fire burning through the fabric of my dress. "Enough for dinner, excursions... Lodgings."

I intentionally ignored that last part. "That's all? I would have expected more from Rosalyn."

"Rosalyn? Is that her name?" The look on my face must have registered warning bells when I looked up at him because he was the one who stepped back this time. One hand dropped to his side. "Don't be alarmed, Livy. I'll meet with potential clients beforehand to discuss our plans for the evening. We met at a coffee bistro across town, and though I recognized her, we didn't freely exchange names. She told me about you, and then we arranged a date and a time."

Oh, I had a whole lot more questions about that, but I stuck with this one for now. "Well, how did she contact you?"

"She didn't. A friend of hers referred me."

I was instantly intrigued. I knew several of her friends. Many of them were high-profile socialites. "Really? Who?"

My gigolo grinned but shook his head.

"Seriously? Gigolo/client confidentiality?"

He frowned and scanned the crowds to see if my comment had drawn any attention. I didn't get it. Free advertisement never hurt anyone. Then I remembered. There were aspects of his "job" people might consider illegal.

I bit my lip. "Sorry."

He'd regained his former stance, both hands on my hips, his face and body close. "Livy, give me something to work with here. A fantasy, a dream, a desire. Anything. I want you to enjoy tonight. Just tell me what you would like to do."

I had to think hard about that. Work has all but encompassed my life since I came to Sacramento. To be honest, I still don't know what this city has to offer. I haven't had the time to explore much of it, and I damn well hadn't planned to spend that night, my first real night on the town in Sacramento, with a male escort. To my understanding, there was only one thing men of that sort did well anyway, and they were typically hung like a stallion.

It was a bad thought. Instinctively, I knew this, but it didn't stop my curiosity or the downward movement of my eyes. He had to have seen. There was no way he didn't, and what was worse, it looked like an answer to his question. He didn't attempt an appeal at modesty either. I cursed my curious mind and shot my eyes back upward as quickly as they'd gone down.

"I don't know," I blurted, frustrated with myself and the awkwardness of the situation. "Anything that doesn't involve lubricant."

I threw that final part out there like so much filth, partly for comedic effect and partly because I wanted to offend the gigolo in him (which I'd been half-heartedly doing since I'd met him anyway), but he didn't laugh, nor was he offended. He wore that quirky half-smile, the one that said, Look, honey, you have all the control, but guess who's running the show? All I have to do is touch you in the right place and I can make you melt like ice cream.

Look, honey, you have all the control, but guess who's running the show? All I have to do is touch you in the right place and I can make you melt like ice cream. "Are jokes all you have?" His voice was low and seductive. He returned the favor, making a quick survey of me below the neck. "Because I can come up with plenty of ideas that don't involve lubricant at all."

His Irish accent was like a tall glass of whiskey that reddened my cheeks and sent my heart pounding down into my toes. But I was a big girl, dammit. He was not going to get the better of me. I may not have been able to breathe properly at that moment in time, but at least I was in control.

"You mentioned adventurous." I pretended my voice hadn't cracked even though it widened his grin. "Anything adventurous?"

He merely chuckled, enjoying every second of my embarrassment. "Anything."

If I'm being honest, I was enjoying myself too. Way too much. I was with an attractive man who couldn't seem to drag his eyes away from me and was clearly trying everything in his little bag of man-tricks to end the night in a swanky bedroom. That had never happened to me before. Were any other man to talk to me this way, I'd be disgusted, offended, violated, but because he was a professional, it seemed to make it okay. And that really sucked, because it meant it was all fake. I probably wasn't even his type. What was his type? I realized I didn't even care.

was I looked him right in the eye. "Okay, so I have an idea..."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : Ascension (Don't Ever Wonder) by Maxwell. This song inspired the opening title, as well as the title of the novel, A Fantasy Real . Awesome song. Take a listen...

Author's Note : Ascension (Don't Ever Wonder) by Maxwell. This song inspired the opening title, as well as the title of the novel, A Fantasy Real . Awesome song. Take a listen... Author's Note : Ascension (Don't Ever Wonder) A Fantasy Real





Chapter Four





I wanted to scream.





His hands were moving as fluidly as oil over water. He'd removed his jacket altogether, rolled up the sleeves of his white shirt to reveal finely sculpted forearms, and was staring me down. Ice blue eyes, I had learned, can smolder as well as a carefully stoked fire (and the alcohol wasn't helping), but he couldn't beat me in intensity. I have a competitive streak, honed from the time I was a little girl, that Honey couldn't match if he tried. There we were, face to face, with nothing between us but...

...an air hockey table, two strikers, and a puck. The son of a bitch was beating me royally.

"Oh, come on!" I screamed when he sank the puck for what seemed like the hundredth time. "I had that one!"

He was laughing, holding onto the table like a man caught in a floundering sea. "I'm sorry, did you say you were the queen of air hockey?"

queen "Shut up before I chuck a puck between your eyes." I tossed the returning puck back onto the table, while he laughed at my chuck-a-puck pun.

"Give it up, Livy. I've beaten you three times. You've got nothing on the king, baby . "

king, . "King, my ass. The queen is back in town."

I gave the puck everything I had. It sailed over the pockets of air like a speedboat. The puck was going to glide home. His lightning reflexes were not going to block my shot this time. Seconds increased to minutes. Minutes became lifetimes. The goal was open. This time I had it! That is until Honey moved like time didn't exist and blocked my shot again . My chunky cheeks twisted into that classic expression of "Oh, shit!" Off the puck went, ricocheting off the sidewall like a bullet shot through the muzzle of a gun instead of a flat disc, and buried itself into the goal on my side of the table.

again Honey walked away from the table, striker down, arms raised in the air like he'd just won the friggin' Olympics. I should have known. Behind the seducer was a typical man.

"Cheater!" And clearly, I'm a typical woman.

He came around the table, taking his beer with him, grinning playfully. "How am I a cheater? I won fair and square. Don't get mad at me, Livy, just because you're a sore loser."

"I am not a loser, bub. I used to beat my brother to the ground in air hockey. I used to make him cry, okay?" That was an exaggeration, but it was also five years ago. I cringed at how sad I'd become. "Oh my God, what the hell has happened to me? I used to be really good at this. Is this what happens when you get old?"

It wasn't as though I were asking him for his elderly advice. He had some age to him, but he wasn't an old man by far. I guessed him to be in his middle to late thirties, which is a pretty good age, I think, for a gigolo. I didn't offend him anyway. Amusement played in his features.

"I sure as hell hope not. More than likely the queen is rusty from sharpening her skills predicting the weather." His gaze went over my head. "Let someone else have the table. We'll find something else to do."

What in holy hell possessed me to take this man to a game room? (Probably got the idea from the guys in the newsroom. Consummate professionals, that lot. Or at least, they're supposed to be. You'd think they'd spend their days wrapped up in writing Sacramento's most newsworthy events. Of course, they do, but when the news is off the table, gamer talk rules the room, and this place was on their list when they got together after work. God, I hope none of them are here tonight!) Sorry, I guess I missed the guidebook on gigolo etiquette that strictly says in chapter seven, "One must never involve their gigolo in mundane games." Hmmm, must have overlooked that section of the library in college. But what the hell was I supposed to do? Take him to the closest hotel room?



Yeah, I know what you'd say, and you're not funny.

The game room was the only place within walking distance that came to mind. Surprisingly, despite his fine attire, Honey more than comfortably fit into the game room arena. I thought he would hate the idea from the get-go, or find it demeaning for a man of his obviously swanky status. I mean, how many times had one of his clients dragged him to play air hockey? Not many, I would think. Then again, what do I know?

Honey pointed, beer in hand. "Pinball. Let's go."

"Oh, I hate pinball. I'm terrible at it."

He just laughed at me. "Don't be silly. You'll have fun."

He led me across the room, hand at my lower back, his touch not nearly as provocative here. Was it the Friday night crowd or the distraction of the arcade games? Hard to say. I was a bit distracted myself. His touch may not have been as provocative, but I still felt it. We found an open pinball machine. All the good ones were taken up, the ones with themes I recognized, like Star Wars, X-Men, and Jurassic Park. I really wanted to play the one with the bobbing T-Rex head, but Honey didn't seem to mind the generic western we'd acquired.

Setting our drinks aside, he positioned me in front of the machine.

"Not me," I protested.

"Yes, you. Put your tokens in."

With a mutter of resentment, I slid the required tokens into the machine, listening as it started up and played a distinctly western song that was instantly lost in a sea of arcade noise. My competitive nature was at a loss. The first reason being that this was my date. I should be the one making the rules. And the second? One assumes an unavoidable posture when playing pinball, and Honey wasn't shy about conforming himself to mine. As soon as our bodies met, every thought swirling around in my brain went, POOF! All I knew was the warmth of this man against me, his voice in my ear, and his breath fluttering my hair.

my I POOF! "Okay, this is what you do..." His hand encompassed my right wrist, where the pulsing of my heart had noticeably quickened, and placed my palm over the plunger. I could barely see the steel ball sitting in the cradle, ready to be shot out of a set of mock saloon doors and into the pinball machine's version of a gunfight. "You're going to pull the plunger with everything you've got and shoot the ball into the playfield." He then moved both of my hands to the buttons on either side of the machine, playing his palms over my knuckles, depressing my fingers into the buttons. "These move the paddles. Keeps the ball in play."

Breathe, Livy, breathe. "I know how to play. I'm just not that good at it."

He breathed for me, right into my ear. "Guess I'll have to teach you a few things then." The alcohol went right to my head. Must've been my elevated heartbeat cuz Honey wasn't talking about the game of pinball anymore. "Pull the plunger."

As he said this, the entirety of his hand went around mine. There was something terribly erotic about the move, the way one would guide the touch of a lover. It wasn't hard to imagine him directing the touch of my hands elsewhere. That was probably why I let go too soon. The ball barely had the momentum to leave the entry lane.

"Ooohh, misfire," he said in my ear.

With any luck, the game would be over before it began, but as soon as the thought entered my head, the ball hit a bumper which propelled it toward one of the flippers. Unlike myself, Honey didn't lose a beat. Quick reflexes put his fingers into action, helping me depress the button in time to move the flippers and send the ball back onto the playfield. Being a part of the gameplay helped steady my racing heart and calm my nerves. I concentrated on playing, listening to his instruction, learning the right time to move the flippers, how to aim for bullseye targets and collect the most points. He coaxed me with "good," "you've got it, Livy," "keep it up," "hit it hard," and "that's right." By the time we'd cued the third ball, I was far enough into the game that his touch became almost inconsequential ( almost ). My beating heart had tuned into the game and I was starting to have fun and enjoy my evening being the sole center of a gorgeous man's attention.

almost

Several rounds of this up close and personal attention, and I sorely needed a break. There was only so much raw sexuality a girl could take. I needed a breather, and a drink to banish from memory the outline of him against my backside. So I stood aside and downed a hard cider while I watched him play.

He gave me a smile reminiscent of gleeful triumph, rubbed the palms of his hand together and winked. "Watch the master at work."

Master. The nerve of the man, but he was right. He hit points I could only dream of. I watched his fingers move deftly over the buttons, driving the flippers to faster and faster movements with each depression. The refusal to allow my mind to dwell on what those fingers were capable of only implanted the images more into my mind. I found myself wanting to know, asking myself what I was afraid of. What could it hurt to let him 'teach me a few things'?

Master. It's not like he's going to call you tomorrow, demanding more of your time. He'll move onto the next date and forget you ever existed. That's all it took to give myself a good mental slap. He's a gigolo, dummy, and you're not that easy.

It's not like he's going to call you tomorrow, demanding more of your time. He'll move onto the next date and forget you ever existed. He's a gigolo, dummy, and you're not that easy. When he finished his playthrough, I was glad. My mind needed to focus on something with substance. "Hungry?" I asked him.

"If you are."

A game room isn't known for its epicurean delights. These kinds of places serve standard American fare; the kind of food the guys back home eat when they get together to watch the game, and what me and Mom lovingly refer to as "football food." Pizza, hot dogs, subs, nachos and beer. The pizza didn't look appetizing, but I wasn't looking to sate the palette. My date was currently filling that job just fine. I needed something to fill the hole in my gut, keep me going and avoid the sting of alcohol on an empty stomach, so I ordered a couple of slices. I thought Honey would order something to go with his beer. Hotdog with everything, maybe. Man food. Men needed more calories than women, right? Especially when they're contemplating a vigorous night. But he ordered what I did, two slices of pizza, which he finished long before mine had declined by half.

We sat in silence, listening to the sounds of a million arcade games and the drift of voices around us, while I ate the remainder of my meal and he finished off his beer. There were dozens of faces in the room, but his was the only one that had any focus. I had decided a long time ago that I liked the look of a handsome man with a beer in his hand. Maybe it's the country girl in me. Who knows? But I'd always found the sight soul-stirring. I'm not much for alcohol myself. Sure, I like to drink, I like to feel a buzz, but to imbibe is not something I do. Alcohol and I don't mix well. Burns my cheeks and makes me look like an overripe pepper. I had already begun to feel the warmth on my face. On him, however, the effect of alcohol looked good. It had given him a slightly ruddy complexion. The confident man I'd met a couple of hours ago had mellowed to a degree, but it didn't mean he'd lost any of his potency.

He had me feeling awkward in the dress I'd picked out for the evening, and it had nothing to do with the locale. It was his gaze and the way it caressed every inch of exposed skin the black sleeveless dress revealed. Why had I overlooked my good jeans and pulled this damn thing out of the back of the closet? Ah yes, Rosalyn told me to wear something nice. It wasn't as if the dress was anything fancy. I bought it at Macy's, for crying out loud. Straight back, high collar, knee-length, not too figure-hugging and not too loose. There was nothing to see, really. Yet, his eyes lingered, on my neck, on my arms, on the fiddling thumbs in my lap.

I crossed my legs nervously. He looked at my knees. I blushed. Better make the best of this. "So, is there a contractual agreement in which men of your particular vocation are required to be overtly sexual?"

He gave me a playful smile. "Funny, I've been wondering the same thing about the 'late night weather review' lady."

It's a good thing I'd finished my pizza, or I would have laughed aloud with a mouth full of food. "Good one, but no. The 'weather review' lady is about as mundane as they come. She stands in front of a green screen and pretends her arms are a fast-moving cold front moving down out of the west, so her fingers can become the falling raindrops on your morning commute to work." I had to act out the weather lady shtick, television personality and all, or else I'd never get through this. "She doesn't exert her energy toward being sexy, not when there's so much weather to report in northern California. She just smiles her ass off and pretends she's happy to be up past midnight to bring you 'your late night weather review.'"



"Had I known the weather lady would be funny as she is sexy, I would have looked her up months ago."

"Oh but, Loyal Viewer, you wouldn't make any money that way, now would you?"

"No, I wouldn't." He also wouldn't say any more, leaving the implication open.

But that only heightened my curiosity. "How much money are you making, by the way?"

He did that half smile, half frown thing again that looked so much sexier on him than it ever would the weather lady (who couldn't be sexy if she tried, no matter what he said). I gathered by his expression that he wasn't going to talk money with me. I found that strange. Wasn't I his client? Sure, a duped and conceivably unwilling client, but a client, nonetheless.

"Can't be an easy way to make a living, I would guess. On your game all the time even if your date doesn't do anything for you in that way. I'm mean, not everyone can be as sexy as the weather lady." Sexy went into air quotes, my fingers doing that old familiar bob. He was smiling, shaking his head, agreeing. Sarcastically, I'm sure. "Must be like acting to a certain extent."

that way. Sexy His frown deepened more than I'd seen this evening. "To a certain extent. I try to be myself most of the time, depending upon the desires of the client, and though some can be less..." He searched the air for the most politically correct expression. "...fetching than others, I look for beauty in every one of my dates."

certain "That's gotta be rough." He didn't elucidate, and I didn't want to imagine the kinds of women he'd been with. "I have trouble looking for beauty in everyday people."

He chuckled and tapped his temple. "State of mind. Take yourself, for example. I don't have to look for beauty in you, but you're a television personality, a woman someone might recognize on the street."

I ignored the first half of his comment and stuck with the latter half. "Not yet, anyway..."

"Still a little intimidating."

"Me? Intimidating?"

"Sure."

"Oh please, I'm about as intimidating as a ball of yarn."

He grinned. "That's not as true as you'd like to think. I'm the one who has to pretend it doesn't bother me that someone might recognize you tonight, and that someone might also be curious to know who you're with. Who I am, and how you choose to spend your evening might reflect back on you. Whatever happens tonight, Livy, I'll know more about you than any of your other viewers, and you'll know I'm watching when you stand in front of a green screen. How's that for intimidation?"

Oh, God. He's right. Play it off. "According to the numbers, I have a lot of late-night viewers. And a good number of them know a lot more about me than you do."

Oh, God. He's right. Play it off. "I'm sure that's true, but according to you, they don't know as much about you as I will after tonight."

Yep, I was dumb to blurt my relationship status to a gigolo. "My, aren't we confident."

He tapped his temple. His grin was positively shameful.

"Just so you know," I said, tucking hair behind my ear, a sure sign of nervousness, "I'm not that easy."

"I'm not saying you are."

"Nor do I sleep around."

"Not saying that either."

"Then what are you saying?"

He chuckled softly for a moment before regaining his composure and gazing pointedly at me, as though his eyes could see into my soul. "How I make my living isn't all about sex, Livy. I don't pretend to be more than I am, but I believe I've been at this long enough to know that what a woman wants most of the time is companionship, someone she can reveal her innermost desires to, someone who can fulfill the needs normal life doesn't offer her. If those needs include sex, then that's an added bonus I'm able to provide."



"I totally get it now," I said as if a light of understanding had suddenly dawned. "You're essentially a bartending psychiatrist with way more than beer on tap."

That comment lost me his lovely smile for a second. "And when jokes don't work for you, Livy, you turn to cynicism."

I don't think my cheeks could have blushed any worse than they did right then. The guy was trying to show me a good time, answer my inane questions to the best of his ability, and hold a serious conversation with me, and there I was knocking him over the head. Dad always did say my mouth is like a loaded gun with the safety off in untrained hands. You never know when it's going to go off, and when it does, it's usually deadly.

The worst part was, a light of understanding really had dawned in my befuddled mind. Not about Honey and his profession, but about me. My needs most definitely included sex, and lots of it. I hadn't had any in years. What was the name of that guy in college I jumped in the back seat of his car? We'd both graduated that same year and were excited as hell to begin our careers. That had translated, rather quickly I might add, into backseat copulation. Ever since then, I had essentially forgone all need for sex in my desire to rise to the top of the meteorology world. Tonight, Honey had awoken something in me I didn't realize I still needed.

"Look, Honey." I snapped my eyes shut. What a nitwit! "Oh God, I mean um, um...Ken?"

He smirked. "Cal."

"Is it? Oh shit." Blushing worse than ever, I covered my face with both hands. "I'm so sorry."

At least he was laughing and not cringing. "It's okay. When you stopped using my name, I figured you'd forgotten it as soon as you learned it. I forgive you."

Peeking between my fingers, I said, "Well, that's magnanimous of you, considering I've just reduced you to Barbie's emasculate boyfriend." And that's far from the truth, believe me.

"You make fun, Livy, but I get you. I know you better than you think I do."

I dropped my hands, surprised at his audacity. "You do, do you? My mother is still trying to figure me out, but you know me."

He cocked his head to the side, looked at me as though he were sizing me up. I got the feeling there was more in that gaze than a mere appraisal. "I may not know the essential you, the you your family would only know, but I know the person I've spent the last couple of hours with, I know the woman I've seen on television. She's tough. She's worked hard to get to where she is. She's sacrificed a lot, particularly in the relationship department. Though she has a thick skin and can give as good as she can get, jokes are her defense mechanism. And when the jokes aren't working, she pokes and she prods her opponent, looking for weak points she can use against them."

I think I began to hate him right then. "Did you go to college to reach this level of intelligence, Cal , or did you just pull that line of bull out of a book?"

Cal "There you go. Perfect example. You have an annoying habit of taking everything I say and turning it into shit." He said this without the malice you might assume. Laughter trembled on the edge of his voice.

"Forgive me if I react to bullshit with bullshit. That's the Livy you don't know."

That's "But it's not bullshit, is it? How close to the mark have I hit?"

I wasn't going to touch that with a ten-foot pole. The answer he got out of me was a poker face. Dad says I have the best in the business. No answers would be revealed in my expression. At least, I hoped not.

He smiled anyway. He knew he'd turned the tables on me. "I know that your flushed cheeks right now aren't just from alcohol. You're excited."

I turned away from him. Yes, I know what that meant, and he did too, but I just couldn't keep looking into those eyes. If I did, the poker face wouldn't hold. "About?"

"About how our evening might end. Or begin, depending on how it turns out."

Ah-ha! I'd just caught the fake palm-reader at his own game. "And you think you know this about me because... Why? Because my cheeks are flushed?"

"Because I've seen the way you dress on television. Very matronly, as opposed to tonight. You've been without romance in your life for some time."

My mouth had gone as dry as a bone. I didn't know whether to be flattered that a man such as him had noticed me, or terrified that he seemed to know me so intimately. "This isn't romance, Cal. This is seduction."

"And how long has it been since a man has seduced you?"

I could hardly breathe. The intensity of his gaze burned right through me. I had no more jokes in me. "A long time."

Truth? I don't think anyone ever had.

I had put space between us, but somewhere in between pizza and now, his chair had moved closer to mine. One hand reached out, found its way into my hair, and pulled the strands cautiously between two twined fingers. My scalp sizzled. Methodically, he slipped his fingers from my hair to run them down the length of my arm. How could he make me feel as though I'd never been touched by a man before in my life?

"Let me seduce you tonight, Livy."

Even the sound of his voice, intentionally thick and heavy and Irish as hell, made my toes curl in my shoes. His fingers made their way to the sensitive flesh in the crook of my arm, down my inner forearm until they rested firmly on my wrist. He had me tingling. It took everything I had just to breathe. Cal was reading my pulse the way he had been reading me.

"I thought that's what you've been doing."

Cal shook his head, his half frown, half smile as heady as his touch. "That was just foreplay." Long fingers thrusting between mine (no doubting his intent there), he pulled me up from my seat. Pizza forgotten. Half finished hard cider forgotten. He was leading me toward the door before I could protest. "Let's go have some fun. I know just how to start."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter Five





Fun is a relative term. What's fun to one person might be terrifying, or completely boring to another. Take my love of weather, for instance. You might walk out of doors with an umbrella in your hand and see dark clouds threatening rain as an inconvenience because the sky decided to open up on your best hair day. Whereas I, good hair day or not, see an exciting exchange of energy that powers the Earth's climate. I see evaporation, condensation, precipitation—the good old-fashioned water cycle you learned about in grade school. I won't bore you with the specifics. I'm sure you still have a pretty good idea how that whole system works.





The point is, I find weather in all its many and varied forms exciting, mesmerizing, fun!

fun! My heart was already beating an unhealthy rhythm when Cal led me out of arcade heaven and back onto the street. We were within walking distance of several prestigious hotels. The Hyatt Regency. Sheraton Grand. My befuddled mind believed he would saunter me over to one of them, rush me up to his boudoir and show me the true meaning of Wham Bam Thank You Ma'am. Cal's idea of fun, however, was to take me to a room full of moving sweaty bodies, flashing lights, pounding techno beats, and an overwhelming aroma of liquor.

By now, you've probably gotten a pretty good picture of who I am. Country girl. Homebody. Weather freak. Nightclubber? Nope. That's like light years away from what I consider fun. I stand out in a nightclub like a deer stands out on a country road in the middle of the night with two headlights staring it down. That's little ol' Livy Morton.

Cal, on the other hand, fit into the club scene like a fish in a fish tank. As soon as we walked in (past the line of people waiting to get inside, toward an extraordinarily humongous bouncer who waved Cal through like an old friend, where we then proceeded to enter through a nondescript black door, the name of the club having been spray painted in plain white blocky letters, which I might add creeped me out a little bit, and into this building of pulsating sounds and images), the lights seemed to invigorate Cal. The music moved him. His body had a rhythm I couldn't match if I tried.

Despite that glaringly obvious fact, he held my hand and moved me through the crowd anyway. In the space of a few hours, I had grown quite comfortable in Cal's presence. Had I come here in anyone else's company, I probably would have bolted. I am so not kidding. I sidled close to him, held onto his arm like a life raft. Being near him was the only thing that kept me from running. Though, for a guy who claimed to know me , he sure got me wrong here. This was gigolo psychology at its worst! Think I could put that in his Google reviews?

know me that Cal led me past the bar, where multicolored neon lighting exploded behind wine racks and shot through wine glass stems. The bar itself was nothing more than a glass partition, lit blue from within and flowing with moving water. It felt like being on another planet. These weren't people at the bar—mingling, drinking and flirting with each other. These were aliens, and Cal was introducing me to his otherworldly lifestyle.

He didn't waste any time either once we were on the dance floor. He didn't speak. Neither of us did. The music was too loud for casual conversation. All I saw of him in the dark, neon-lit area of the dance floor was the lights' reflection in his eyes and glistening on his teeth. I caught a roguish smile in flashes of neon blue. A clue to an equally roguish idea?

Within a throng of bodies, his hands found their way to my back, my hips, my arms, the back of my neck. Cal wasn't a dummy. He wasn't blind. He knew his nearness unnerved me. That's why he didn't let his roaming hands linger in one place for long, but every insatiable touch accomplished the same goal—of bringing my body closer to his, acclimatizing me to his physical presence, to his touch. This was Cal's way of changing my mind, and I almost hate to say it was working.



The last time I danced with a guy was at my cousin Marissa's wedding a year ago. Maid of Honor was the title she'd bestowed upon me, and I was pretty proud of it. After the wedding, I changed the title to maid-to-dance-with-the-best-man. Okay guy, but terrible dancer. He didn't know his left foot from his right, and he had the nerve to tell me I was leading. That was a worse experience than the one at prom.

I Dancing with Cal held no comparison to either. We moved together to the beat the DJ piped through massive speakers. Face to face. Body to body. There was no other way to move but against one another. This was no best man dance. Finding my comfort zone, matching his movements, took a while. I didn't have to think about the proper dance steps or the respectable placement of hands. There were no rules. Blood pulsed as rhythmically through our bodies as each new song pulsed the air; the music intoxicating, erotic, an orgy of musical beats and heartbeats and the beat of breath against breath. I loved it. I hated it. Being close to Cal terrified me, excited me, aroused me, angered me. I didn't know what to feel besides breathless, and I couldn't use the suffocating crowds as an excuse.

The DJ yelled something into the microphone. A song title? I don't know, but the beat changed. The tempo slowed, and Cal pulled me closer. As if we weren't close enough. He smiled down at me. Our foreheads met. Our noses touched. The idea that he might try to kiss me petrified me, so I raised my arms over my head, pretending to move to the music while simultaneously blocking the reach of his libido. His hands were quick to move up the sides of my torso, resting carefully along the sides of my breasts. If his eyes had teeth, he would have eaten me alive from head to toe.

The urge to run like a little girl running home to mama hit me worse than when we'd first walked in. He was too hot, too much man for me. I'm the sort of girl who needs to be courted, not escorted, but I couldn't find it in me to end this. I was enjoying him too much, enjoying the sensation (fake or not) of being desirable. I felt like a woman for the first time in a long time.

Cal's hand moved to between my shoulder blades, onto the back of my neck, into my hair, until his mouth found its way to my ear. "You seem nervous," he said, lips brushing against sensitive flesh.

"No, no, I'm fine." Liar!

"I hope I didn't make a mistake bringing you here."

"It's okay. I don't...club...often." I could hear him laughing in my ear. Was 'club' even the right word? What did people call it? I felt like such an idiot. I also wished he would say what he had to say so he would let go of me.

"We don't have to stay. There are other places we could go."

That's what worried me. "Can we just take a break?"

And that was all I had to say. He pulled away from me with no regret and led me out of the crowd. The air conditioning hit me full in the face. It was like walking from the furnace into an ice cold shower, and it woke me up. Not to reality, though. My sordid mind sank to a new low. Cal was leading me away from the flashing lights of the dance floor and the DJ's pounding beats, but in my mind he was also leading me out the door, into a waiting cab, toward a five-star hotel where a bottle of champagne waited in a bucket of ice and a king-sized bed with soft sheets had been turned down for the night.

When I woke up this morning and planned my day, nowhere on my schedule did it say anything about having sex with a stranger in a strange hotel, and yet, panicky as I felt, I was more than contemplating it now.

Cal wasn't leading me out the door. At least, for now, thank God. I breathed a sigh of relief and let him take me beyond the bar with its blue flowing water and neon alcohol, telling myself the whole time I wasn't contemplating anything. I'm a smart woman. I can think rationally. I went to college. I graduated with a Bachelors degree in Meteorology and Atmospheric Sciences, for Pete's sake! I'm hardworking, dedicated. I have a father who thinks I keep a cloaking device on the halo around my head so no one will feel inferior around me. Seriously. Dad actually said that. So no, I cannot...I will not end up in bed with this man tonight.

I'm a smart woman. I can think rationally. I went to college. I graduated with a Bachelors degree in Meteorology and Atmospheric Sciences, for Pete's sake! I'm hardworking, dedicated. I have a father who thinks I keep a cloaking device on the halo around my head so no one will feel inferior around me. So no, I cannot...I will not will not end up in bed with this man tonight.

But I continued to follow Cal like a good little puppy waiting for her bedtime treat. My hand was merely the fleshy leash he held onto.

At the other end of the bar, where people appeared to covertly mingle, was another door marked with another spray-painted logo and another massive bouncer. The door said VIP LOUNGE and Cal gave the bouncer one of his special smiles, exchanged a few pleasantries (which amounted to your standard manly greeting of "Cal, my man" and "what's up, brother") and a quick introduction which I met with a degree of trepidation. I waited for the recognition. It never came. Everyone was happy. Then, we were through the door and entering into another world entirely.

The dance floor beats went away (soundproof walls or something), and though the lights were still neon, they weren't flashing. Mellow colors, blues and whites with pops of fuchsia, met my eyes. That, combined with posh white couches (way cushier than the crap in my apartment), mushy pillows, and ottomans like little puffs of clouds helped me begin to feel something close to relaxed.

I get why it's called a lounge now. It's where people with money and connections go when they want to be lazy and drink. Heck, I could do that in my living room. Probably why I wasn't the one with the money or the connections, but I could definitely do with a drink.

a lounge You're probably laughing at me right now, right? But you've done stuff like this before. You've actually made a point of it, scheduled it, wrote it on the calendar for your twenty-first birthday or something. You wore the sexy clothes, hung with the right crowd, and probably shook your ass with the best of them. You want to know what I did for my twenty-first birthday? I got drunk with my weather-geek sorority sisters, in our sorority house, while watching Avatar and swooning over Sam Worthington . It was very sad.

Avatar . But, I digress, and you can probably guess why. I was rambling mentally at the same time as Cal led me toward a comfortable white couch in the corner by a window with billowy white semi-transparent drapes (and they were really cute, by the way). Rambling is what I do when I'm nervous. I can sometimes control it in conversation, but my mind will move like a locomotive. I was trying to avoid the obvious elephant in the room, or in my head. There was a whole lot of nighttime left before one o'clock rolled around, and a whole lot could happen between now and then. The truth was, I wanted to end up in bed with him.

wanted Oh God, what am I saying?!

Oh God, what am I saying?! A war was going on inside my raving mind. The timid me, the one who kept to herself at parties and loved being the wallflower at a dance, was asking: Is it wrong to desire sexual intimacy with a stranger? My head (which represents the sensible, rational me) screamed a resounding YES! Of course, it's wrong, doofus. It's not only wrong, it's dangerous. There are freaks out there, Olivia, and you know nothing about this man. Then my heart (which represents the romantic, impulsive me) whispered no. It's not wrong. It's perfectly natural. Cal is a handsome man, and satisfying a woman's desires is what he does for a living. He may not have told you everything there is to know about him, but why would he? He has to maintain a level of anonymity with his clients, and besides, a man in his profession cannot afford to take advantage of the women who seek his services.

no. My impulsive side sounded like an idiot, and my sensible side sounded like an irrational curmudgeon. The answer was simpler than that: I liked Cal. I liked everything about him. I liked his hands, his long fingers. I liked the way he walked, sure of himself, confident (unlike myself who struggled in the morning with whether to have biscuits or toast for breakfast), the way the straight line of his eyebrows framed a passionate set of blue eyes and the unaffected way he looked at me with them. I liked his easy manner, his lighthearted laughter. He seemed to not have a care in the world (but he must have cares; everybody has them.) And his smile was cuter than puppies.



Best of all, or maybe worst of all, he wore SEXY like a boss! It was in the way he carried himself, and I wasn't the only one who saw it. More than one woman turned an appreciative eye toward the man at my side. It's like I said, the lights inside the club had a way of spotlighting him. He was a magnet and I had become no more than a useless piece of scrap metal.

Cal sat me on the white couch, which looked neon-blue in this lighting. "Would you like something to drink?"

"Sure," I answered, and his questioning eyes asked for specifics. "Surprise me."

"I've been trying to do that all night," he said, his eyes crinkling with amusement. "Be right back."

I relaxed on the cushy couch. It was soft enough to curl up and fall asleep on if I were the least bit sleepy. I wasn't. Instead, I crossed my legs and straightened the skirt carefully over my knees. On top of that, I added a nervous sigh. More like an anxious huff of air. When I should have been looking out the window and watching Sacramento's night lights and traffic lights, I was watching Honey make his way to the diminutive bar (by comparison to the one near the dance floor) in an effortless strut.

It was hard not to call it a strut. I've watched stallions do their thing to gain the attention of a mare, and Cal was working it. He certainly had my attention. Of course, he had the attention of almost every other woman in the room, too. The ones who didn't look were either too caught up in their own man or they didn't share my taste in men. Their loss. Those who were looking were eager to make their move. Several of the women at the bar strived to make eye contact with him, and one of them openly sought his attention. I watched her place one hand on his arm, smile prettily at him, talk to him. I can't read lips, but if I could I might have felt a twinge of jealousy were he my man because she was drop-dead gorgeous. Long, dark hair, olive complexion, long legs made graceful with stiletto heels, full red lips, fuller bust. By comparison, my straight red hair, white as a sheet skin, short legs, and A-cup breasts made me look like a teenager. I wouldn't be surprised if Cal bought her a drink, chatted her up and walked out with her the way he walked in with me. Hurt, but not surprised.

Cal gave the female version of Adonis a tolerant, though cute as a puppy smile, took the two drinks slid his way, paid his money and strutted back to me. Okay, so maybe it wasn't a strut. That implies intention and arrogance. Cal didn't play to those sentimentalities. He was like a tornado, and I don't mean in its capacity to destroy. Tornados are raw power, cyclonic wind with the ability to push over two hundred and fifty miles per hour in a single gust. That kind of force is electrifying, awe-inspiring. Hell, out in an open field, away from houses and people, a tornado is sexy! It isn't trying to affect the senses, it just does. I think that's it. Cal wasn't trying to play the sexy gigolo for my benefit. He was simply doing what Cal did, and if that meant I couldn't take my eyes off of him, then so be it.

He handed me a drink I didn't see, sat down beside me and put an arm around my shoulders. He didn't look back out into the crowd, or to the beauty at the bar. He looked at me. His look said I was the only one in the room, and I believe that's where the act came in. That's the look Cal played. Sadly, I was content to let him play it.

I took a sip of my drink, looking helplessly into his handsome face, and almost spit it back into the glass. "Is this water?"

"You did ask me to surprise you," he said with a laugh.

"But water?"

"I'd rather it if you were clear-headed. Wouldn't want you to do something you'd regret later."

I narrowed my eyes playfully. "Sure you wouldn't."

He laughed. "I'm serious. It's better if you're sober, so you can make rational decisions."



"Oh, we're way past rational now," I said, taking a sip of water. It was good. I needed the hydration. "I see you have a drink."

you He raised his glass to me and took a sip, twinkle in his eye. "I can handle my liquor."

"Ha-ha. You're hilarious. You could have at least gotten me a piña colada. I could use it. I'm not much for places like this."

"I figured. Those wide eyes told me as much."

See, told you. Deer in the headlights.

"So, why bring me here, Cal? Please tell me this isn't how you seduce all your women...uh, clients. Sorry."

clients. "You're forgiven." The smile was sly, and the eyes moved lower than my face. "I brought you here because you were wound up tighter than a 'ball of yarn.' I wanted to relax you. Didn't know it would have the opposite effect. I take it you're not a lover of crowds."

'ball of yarn.' "No," I answered. "I'm better one on one."

"Funny, so am I." Cal leaned in closer. I took a sip of water to ease my dry throat. Damn him. "And to respond to your insinuation, no. With most of my clients, there's a prearranged meeting place, like a hotel or lodge, someplace secluded, inconspicuous."

"High profile types, eh?"

"Sometimes."

My eyebrows went up. "You must be pretty good." He shrugged. No arrogant answer there. "Okay, so answer me this: if the high profile types prefer to meet inconspicuously, but you feel free to take me dancing to..." Air quotes. "... relax me, what does that say about me?"

relax me, "Maybe the real question is what does that say about me ?"

me His thumb had started a gentle back and forth over my bare shoulder. "I—um—" I forgot how to speak. "I don't get you."

"I'm what you might refer to as a freelancer, I guess you could say. I don't work for anyone besides the client. Sometimes my dates like to go out for dinner to a nice restaurant, maybe to a play, an art gallery, that sort of thing, before moving on to other activities." Cal cocked his head to the side, grinned. "Rarely, does a date take me to play pinball and air hockey."

I knew it!

"I still don't get you."

The grin faded, and he stared over my shoulder, out the window, contemplative, before answering. "The high profile types do prefer anonymity. They'd rather it not be known they hire someone like me when they're lonely." When he returned his eyes to me, their intensity captured me. "You, Livy, feel free to let me take you dancing. What does that say about you? It means you're not afraid of me, and I like that about you. What does it say about me ?" He shrugged his shoulders, stuck out his bottom lip. "Maybe it means I'm attracted to you."

let me me He had me—hook, line, and sinker—until then. "Cal, please," I said, putting on an air of exasperation, rolling my eyes. It said 'you're full of shit' without actually saying it. "You're going to make me think you actually want to have sex with me, as opposed to just being paid to do it."

want I wasn't expecting to lose his smile again, or his response.

"Who says I don't want to?"

don't "Let me stop you right there." I put a hand on his chest, pushed him back slightly, and pointed to the bar. "You see that woman over there? The one with Dolly Parton's figure? The one who tried to get your attention when you were at the bar?"

"Yeah." He wasn't looking at her. He was looking at me.

"I'm serious, Cal. Look at her."

The playfulness had gone out of him. "I don't need to look at her. I've seen her already. What's your point, Livy?"



"My point is, there are women out there like her with way better attributes and who are much more capable in certain environments than someone like me. That woman would have jumped you on top the bar if she could have." He chuffed softly in my ear. "I mean, look at her body. Look at the way she's shaped. She has more curves than a rollercoaster. I'll never come close to looking like that, to being that. I'm boring as hell, Cal. I'm shaped like a stick. The weather is my lover. Men like you don't want to have sex with women like me. Men like you want to have sex with women like her."

environments being He was quiet for a moment, considering everything I'd said, then his brows drew together. "I don't know whether you've insulted me, or you've insulted yourself."

"Neither. I'm just speaking the truth."

"The truth according to Olivia Morton, you mean."

"The only truth I know," I said with a shrug, hoping I appeared more nonchalant than condescending.

Don't think it worked.

Cal sighed. "Don't belittle yourself, Livy. The woman at the bar has nothing on you. You're beautiful."

I should have stopped while I was ahead, but like the rambling locomotive I am, I laughed and shook my head, firm in my belief, no matter what he was making me feel. "That's the money talking."

"Now, I know you're insulting me," he said, his eyes narrowing, but something else smoldered behind them. He downed his drink and purposefully set his glass aside.

One leg crossed over the other made my calf an easy find for Cal's free hand. His touch was like finding a patch of sun on a cold day, and I shuddered. The skirt I'd so carefully stretched to its limits to cover as much of my skin as I could, he lifted easily with his thumb. My bare knee was free and open for his palm's perusal, and he made generous use of it. Cal dug his fingers all the way inside the back of my knee where my pounding heart was painfully obvious. He shattered all my arguments against him with a simple act.

Breath heavy upon my neck, Cal whispered, "You want to know what I think? I think no one has ever shown you how beautiful you really are."

Cal's hand began a slow and deliberate progression upward, four fingers riding the inside of my thigh. I closed my eyes and tried to lose myself in it, wanted to, damn did I want to, but mid-thigh I stopped him. It was too much, too soon, and we were in public, dammit. That didn't stop his lips from touching lightly along my jaw, or from his teeth nibbling my earlobe.

damn Cal's voice had dropped in tone, became raspy, harsh. "I'll show you, Livy, if you let me. I'll explore every one of your curves. I want to have sex with you , Livy, and that's not the money talking. That's me."

you His tongue, wet and hot, snaked along my outer ear like tiny firecrackers and a soft gasp left me. Any thought of ending this night alone in my own bed went with it. The knowledge burned me, flared my cheeks a bright red, and singed my conscience, though I ignored its warning. I wanted this man, stranger or not, like I'd never wanted anybody in my life. It embarrassed me, but more so the idea of his displaying my decision in public.

"Stop," I said, pulling his hand out from underneath my skirt, breathing heavy.

His mouth let go of my ear. The cool air left it feeling slick with his saliva, and I was surprised to hear him as breathless as I. "I'm sorry."

I opened my eyes, somewhat doubting my resolve (as Rosalyn said I would), and then I caught the eyes of the busty woman at the bar who'd pawed my gigolo before I had a chance to. She was smirking, scorn distorting her pretty features. She didn't like seeing that the man she had attempted to corner wasn't interested in her at all. He wanted me. Oh God, he wanted me .

me "Can you promise me I'm not going to wake up in the morning regretting this?"

His smile returned, but tentatively. "I wish I could, but what I can promise you is I'll treat you with the utmost respect, afford you every comfort and do everything in my power to make tonight a memory you won't want to forget." He grinned. "Not that I'm being arrogant or anything."

His hand was in my lap. I took it in both of mine. "As long as you promise."

"I promise, Livy."

"Do you have a place in mind?" I said this with all the trepidation you might imagine.

"I've already booked a suite in the hotel across the street. There's no rush. We can go whenever you want."

"Let's go now."

"Sure."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter Six





You know those movies where the two main characters are really hot for one another and they rush into a hotel room or bedroom and start ripping each other's clothes off? They are all over each other, bodies hard and hot and sweaty. You know the ones I'm talking about, right?





Just to set your mind right, that's not what happened here. Though I can honestly say, that's what I thought would happen. In fact, I expected to respond to him in just such a way, but Cal wasn't joking when he promised respect. From the club, to the street, to the hotel, he never got any friskier than a possessive hand on the hip. I don't know if that was his way of keeping me from running like a frightened little girl, but had I any intentions of running, it probably would have been a good idea to do so before things began to heat up in the elevator.

It started with an unspoken look and became fingertips on my thigh that slowly worked up to my hip and skirted the outer edge of one buttock, sending electrifying tingles to all the right places. Cal's lips had once again claimed the spot along my jaw he'd found inside the lounge. Grazing, tasting, nibbling, looking for what made Livy Morton tick. Aaaaheeee, I think he found it.

There's no good way to write that and make it sound as breathless as I felt.

My hands were lost in the short strands of hair on the back of his head when a ding and a bright light brought me back to the fact that there were other people who still inhabited the planet.

"Excuse us," said the older man who stood on the other side of the open elevator doors. Beside him was a woman, whom I'm guessing was his wife, though if they were enjoying our exhibitionism or frowning in disapproval, I couldn't see it. I refused to look, but I think the man laughed.

Cal was quick to straighten. "Sorry," I heard him clear his throat and say, while I buried my face in his shoulder (it only registered much later that he'd cleared his throat; I had been way too terrified of recognition to notice) and passed a few uncomfortable seconds waiting for the doors to close. When they didn't, Cal stiffened beside me.

"Is this your floor?" the man asked, again with a hint of laughter.

Cal must have realized it at the same time. I couldn't have been that much of a distraction, could I? But then Cal was agreeing with him. "You're right," he said and ushered me out of the elevator. "Sorry again."

that I walked out with my head held low, hair covering my face, cheeks aflame, only to hear the old guy say, "No problem. Have fun, you two." I had only glimpsed the old guy for a second, but all I could picture was Miracle Max and his wife (not his witch) waving from the open elevator and saying, "Have fun stormin' da castle!"

When the elevator closed behind us, Cal was laughing and I was once again mortified. "Oh my God, that was so embarrassing," I said into the palms of my hands since they were currently covering my burning face. God, please let them have been from out of town.

Cal pulled me closer as he walked me to his room. "You're okay, Livy. I don't think they recognized you. Relax."

"That's easy for you to say. You're not the castle."

"What?"

"What?" "Nevermind."

We stopped at the last door at the end of the hallway. Of course, his room had to be all the way at the end. Harder to run away from. Cal removed a card from the inside of his jacket and hovered it above the door lock. The sound of his voice was husky, but calm, reassuring, which made me think I didn't really want to run away.

"Okay?"

I took a deep breath that I then attempted to hide behind a glaringly fake veneer of self-confidence. "Yeah, okay."



The card dropped into the lock, the light went from red to green and Cal's fine fingers turned the knob. Deep breath or not, my heart was an unsteadily starting engine. And then, we were in.

I hadn't taken the time to really check out the color scheme in the hallway, but the deep and restful hues hit me as soon as we entered the room. There's no way he could have known what colors hit a spiritual note with me. We'd hardly spent that much time together. (Unless Rosalyn spoke more about my personality than she should have; I could hear her now: "Cal, honey, that girl is scared of her own shadow. You gonna have to pipe her down long before you lay her down, you know what I mean?") I guess I would call this look rustic chic; a bit of the old and the new, but with an Asian feel. The colors were what did it for me, actually. Natural beiges and browns, wood panels decorated with an earthy blue-green abstract art, a bamboo divider separating the main bedroom from the bathroom. (The bathroom was a tad out of my visual reach, but something told me we'd make our way there eventually.)

My eyes must have had an appreciative look, for Cal asked, "Like?"

"Yeah," I said. "It's nice."

A white light came from the direction of the bathroom, and a soft light illuminated the bed, but other than that, the room was dimly lit and should have been utterly peace inducing. So where the hell was my peace? I made the decision to come to a hotel with a male escort. I needed to own it. Still, I couldn't quite settle my gaze upon the bed. From what I could see, it looked like a big white puffy cloud. I tried to imagine having sex upon a big white puffy cloud and felt instantly wicked.

Cal removed his jacket (within which he held my small handbag and phone), and after carefully folding it, laid it across the back of one of the chairs at a small seating area just inside the room. There was a faux fireplace next to it, cozy enough for two people to sit back, relax, have a few drinks, and talk about stuff. We weren't going to be doing much of that, any more than we would sit at the casual but comfy couch at the end of the bed to watch the flat-screen television mounted on the wall.

When Cal ran his long fingers through my hair, something told me he had no interest in turning on the television.

turning on He was too near. I had to move away, so I went to the window on the other side of the bed. Maybe going near the bed was a bad idea, but I wanted to get away from my phone. I had turned it off a while ago, but I kept thinking about it sitting there inside his jacket, imagining Rosalyn had sent a text that said: "have fun." I'd strangle her. But I was also thinking about Mom. I know, bad time to think about Mom, right? My mom is the best mom ever. She doesn't judge, even when she asks if I've found anyone yet. Mom's always looking to hook me up with someone, arranging dates, telling me about this guy or that guy back home. My younger brother, on the other hand, was busy being a guy, having fun. She's not as worried about him, but me, her only daughter, she wants me to fall in love and get married as she had, and she wants to have grandkids so bad she can taste it.

I wonder what she would think if I told her being in a hotel room with a gigolo was as bravely romantic as I'd probably ever get. Better not to think about it. Better if I looked out the window and wondered what she was up to tonight. Then, Cal's fingers were in my hair again, pulling the strands away from my neck so his lips could find bare skin. I forgot about Mom. Sorry, Mom.

"So," his breath in my ear, "what relaxes Olivia Morton?"

And I thought the way he said Livy was sexy.

"Um, alcohol."

Cal softly laughed against my skin. It felt good. "You've had enough of that."

"Being at home with a good book?"



"We're not there."

His kisses trailed to the back of my neck, pushing more hair out of his way for better access. He left me feeling week kneed and flushed.

"I don't know then. What about you?"

"This isn't about me, Livy. This is about you."

"I think I'm pretty relaxed." Cal pulled away, brought both hands to my shoulders and gently squeezed. "Ow."

"I think not. You're tense."

"Okay, so what? I'm nervous." I opened my eyes, saw his concern reflected in the window.

"I don't want you to be nervous. I want you to relax. Here," Cal said, taking my hand, turning me around and leading me toward the bed.

"Oh yeah, take me right to bed. That oughta make me real relaxed."

I plopped down on the bed while Cal shook his head at me, clearly unsure how he should take my jokes this close to doing the dirty deed. Holy hell! My butt just sank two feet into the mattress. Damn memory foam. Bad enough I was going to have Cal conforming to my body. I didn't need the mattress doing it too.

"Talk about Cloud 9, huh?" I said, smooshing the mattress, feeling the pillows, running my palms along the soft satin sheets. Anything to keep from looking up at the man standing over me. His crotch was practically in my face. Not looking there again. "How much was this place?"

"Don't know," he said, and thank the Lord, knelt down in front of me. "Don't care." Cal began removing my shoes, and I don't mind admitting his warm touch around my ankles, coupled with his sexy half-smile, was beginning to rev my engine.

"You know, I um..." His mouth found the inside of my ankle. "...stayed at the Sheraton when I first moved here..." He began moving slowly up my calf. "...on the station's dime, I might add, until I found a pluh-place . Uh, it was really nice, two-hundred-dollars-a-night nice. I ate like a queen while I sla-hept on a king." He'd found the inside of my knee. "The food was awe—"

pluh-place sla-hept "Livy?"

I made myself look down at him, at his face between my knees, his lips hovering over my skin. They were nice lips. I forgot to mention how much I liked them too. They weren't thick and demanding attention (not the way his eyes demanded it), but sweet and...there.

"Yes?"

"Shush."

"Why?"

"I love the sound of your voice, but right now I just want you to be quiet."

Did he use the word love?

"Oh, okay."

Both shoes aside, one neatly beside the other, Cal sat back on his haunches and indicated the bed behind me with a raise of his chin. "Lay down."

Instant nerves. "Um, I—I don't—"

"Livy, on your belly," he said with that grin and returned to a standing position. "Come on. Bury your face in a pillow."

I scooted backward. "Oh God, why?"

"Jeez, woman." He said that under his breath, but outwardly rubbed his forehead. "Lay down on your belly, please. And relax. I'm only going to massage you."

I awkwardly complied, but not without a sneer. "Hey, don't 'Jeez woman' me, buster. Whatever happened to showing me respect?"

"You're right," he said apologetically, but there was still a twinkle in his eyes. "I'm sorry."

While I gripped a pillow like a buoy in the middle of the ocean, I watched him remove his shoes and set them neatly next to mine. They looked strangely good right there. Too bad this was all fantasy. Sorry again Mom. Better luck next time. Better luck next man. This one's profession had already spoken for him.

He next removed his watch and set it on the nightstand. I don't know watch brands, but by the look of that one, he hadn't bought it at Wal-Mart. Cal must be really good at his job. Judging by the painstakingly precise unbuttoning of his shirt, there was no doubt. I couldn't help but watch him, and he was watching me watch him. Another grin hinted at the corner of his sweet mouth as he pulled the shirt from beneath the waistband of his trousers, leisurely undid the last few buttons and slipped the shirt from his shoulders. That ice-cold smoldering in his eyes burned me from the inside out.

Why is it, in books and movies, it always seems to be the woman who reveals herself, while the man stands there salivating, hands in his pockets doing something nobody needs to know about? I like it this way better, and I knew I wouldn't be disappointed in his body. No rippling muscles or bulging veins, slicked with oil to display a steroidal wonder on this man. Cal had a man's body I could appreciate—flat belly, well-honed pectorals with shoulders and biceps to match. There's the statue of David and then there's Cal. Both are finely sculpted, but I think I appreciated this ginger over that one.

Yes, I know he's not perfect. Everybody has their flaws, and I'm sure Cal has plenty. I just couldn't see them right then. Then again, I was watching him with only one of my eyes. The other was buried in the pillow. He was more than my poorly acclimated brain could handle in 3D. Oh God, I didn't even want to think about when the pants came off! I buried the other eye.

Soft chuckling from him. The sound of the nightstand drawer being opened. "Are you allergic to scented lotion?"

"No," I said into the pillow.

Something small and plastic hit the bed beside me, the mattress indented and the next thing I knew, Cal was straddling the back of my thighs.

Oh boy. Here we go.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter Seven





Okay, no preamble this go 'round. Time to get down to the—I hate this word—nitty-gritty. Let me start by saying how exceptionally positive I felt about having sex with a man I'd only met a couple of hours ago. I, as an adult, confident female, was owning my choice.





...I think.

Or was it that Cal started working, of all places, on the top of my head? Probably so. It's a safe place, a place that doesn't require instant disrobing or intimate contact. Didn't mean I wasn't feeling it. He began by stroking with the palms of his hands from my forehead to the base of my skull. Deep, steady strokes. Every so often the tips of his fingers would dig into my scalp, massaging, circling, rubbing, and his thumbs would work all the way down the back of my neck. Every minute of primping I'd done before heading out for the evening, Cal nullified in seconds. My hair was an utter disaster. I kinda didn't care, though.

Cal now straddled my back, not resting heavily but leaning over me. I couldn't see him. My eyes were shut, soaking in his attention, reveling in it. Oh, but there was no doubting his presence. I've never been one of those girls who makes a point of noticing and/or analyzing every male ass that passes her sight, and then praising or criticizing said ass with some kind of predetermined scorecard, but if I were, Cal's ass would probably score a ten. His was a nice, round cushion that bumped against me every time he leaned back. And when it was gone, probably stuck somewhere up in the air, his mouth was on my neck, caressing the very places his nimble fingers had been.

If I wasn't relaxed before, I was now. A little more than relaxed.

"Everything okay?" he whispered.

"Yeah," I mumbled into the pillow. Now and then, I came up for air.

"You're quiet."

"I'm relaxing."

I could almost hear him smiling. "I'm going to unzip the back of your dress now. All right?"

"Um...yeah...okay," I said after giving the pillow a good long bite.

"Are you sure?"

I'm owning it. I'm owning it.

I'm owning it. I'm owning it. "Yeah, I'm good, Cal. I promise." Not sure if I sounded good , though.

good There are these ingenious little devices designed to help people who live alone (that would be me) to zip and unzip hard to reach zippers. Bought one on Amazon recently. Works like a wonder. Had I remembered that an organic set of the male variety worked much better, I would have gotten another set a long time ago, preferably one with Cal's touch. He worked the zipper down from the collar to the tailbone, sending a rush of cool air onto my heated skin. Gooseflesh rose on my back and arms, but not because of the change in temperature. Cal was slipping my arms out of the sleeves, leaving my back and shoulders free. He moved between my shoulder blades, two warm waves of flesh and pressure kneading tight muscles. I thought he would continue and move down my back, working out the tension I'd built up, but instead, lips soft as raindrops descended upon my spine, slowly moving upward until he was once again at my ear.

"Are you okay with me undoing your bra before I lotion my hands?"

I nodded. I didn't trust my voice.

"Speak, Livy."

Damn him.

"Yeah, okay." Yep, shaky as could be.

When his knuckles slipped under the clasp and over my skin, I expected him to work seductively, clasp by clasp, but he did it quick and easy, like an old pro. Probably a reason for that. He then slid the straps down either side of my arms. I heard the pop of a plastic cap, the rubbing of his palms together, and a few seconds later he touched the tip of my nose.



"Oh, jasmine," I said, breathing in the lotion's scent.

"Jasmine vanilla. I was hoping you'd like it."

Cal didn't have much to say after, other than to remark on the tenseness in my shoulders. He went right to work with long stroking motions from my shoulders down to my lower back, then all the way back up. No karate chopping, just gentle motions, working his thumbs into the knots around my shoulder blades and upper arms. But his focus was on the spine from neck to tailbone. He worked every vertebra, rippling skin like water. Every time he moved lower, connecting with the upper muscles of my butt, a quiet shudder ran through me and my feet did a silent little dance behind him.

He left me only once with a kiss behind my ear and a promise to return quickly. I lay on the bed half clothed, waiting patiently for him, feeling fully relaxed and yet, not. I couldn't stand thinking he wouldn't return. I couldn't stand knowing he would.

Cal came back less than a minute later with a hand towel draped over his shoulder, which meant he'd wiped his hands free of lotion, but that wasn't all he came back with. Or I should say, without. Somewhere in between massaging my back and his trip to the bathroom, Cal had lost his pants. Black boxer briefs clung like a second skin, revealing more of him than I was prepared to see. I knew what was coming next.

Before he returned his attention to my bare skin, he stood beside the nightstand with one hand extended toward the lamp. "Would you like for me to turn out the lights?" He paused for only a second. "Or leave them on?"

I think he knew me better than that by now. "Off please, Cal."

He didn't protest my self-conscious decision, and that relieved me. The next step would involve the removal of the dress, and I wasn't too keen on having my derriere fully exposed, even in the subdued soft light of a bedside lamp. Thankfully, the light went off. My derriere was safe. For now.

Cal returned to the bed, illuminated only by the soft and distant light from the bathroom. I made myself concentrate on the city lights coming through slats in the window, and on Cal's touch.

"Lift up on your elbows a little, Livy."

I complied and the dress slipped out from under my belly. Cal's warm hands were sure to find their way there, pulling the dress down to my hips.

"Now, lift your pelvis."

Taken on their own, these words could sound clinical and passionless, but said in Cal's honeyed voice, they were too sensual not for me to respond. The moan was low, barely audible with my face buried in the pillow, and probably pulled from me by the sensation of his lips on my lower back and his fingers hooking into the waistband of my panties.

"That's what I've been waiting to hear," Cal said against my skin and began a slow pull, moving the fabric of the dress over my backside, taking the panties with it, revealing the whiteness of my ass to the world. Boy, was I glad the lights were out.

Cal seemed not to mind, about the darkness of the room, or the whiteness of my ass. I wanted to curse him for touching such tender skin with his mouth so soon, but I couldn't and I didn't want him to stop. His lips trailed downward, following the descent of the dress down my legs. Mouth, teeth, and tongue grazed on the back of my thigh, behind my knee, my calf, and lastly, the sole of my foot. I was in breathless ecstasy and he hadn't even really done anything yet. One final reprieve, one last chance to catch a breath while Cal folded my dress and set it onto the arm of the couch at the end of the bed, before I heard him rubbing lotion between his palms again.

Seconds later, Cal began working the soles of my feet, concentrating his efforts one side at a time, pressing his thumbs into the arches and beneath each toe. I couldn't keep still. While he worked one foot, the toes of the other restlessly curled and pawed at the blankets. I forgot the cool air on my skin. I was baking and his touch wasn't making me feel any less enflamed. He worked up the calf and onto the thigh, palms pushing into the muscle, knuckles kneading the meatier parts of my upper thigh and buttocks.



It's silly the things that will go through your mind at the most inappropriate of times. Like when Cal began a slow and steady kneading climb up my inner thigh. I was biting the pillow again and worried I might actually chomp right through it when the image popped into my head of a civil war soldier biting down on a wooden dowel during a battlefield amputation. Strange, right? I could see the guy's face, feel his pain. As good as Cal was making me feel, this level of intimacy brought with it a painful anxiety. I wanted him to touch me, to bring his searching right to that secret and seldom touched place, but I feared if he did I might explode. And thank God he didn't. He came close enough to draw a gasp from me before pulling away, and then he started in on the other leg.

He began all over again, from foot to calf to thigh to buttock, and then working the inner thigh until I thought my body would overheat and steam would come from my ears. He knew what he was doing to me, knew exactly where this would lead because he never relented, his hands never left me. Even if one were to stray for more lotion, the other would stay in contact with my skin, as though to let go would be to end it. And I didn't want it to end, not for anything in the world.

With gentle pressure, Cal finished by working from the buttocks upward, returning to my back and moving up between the shoulder blades. He went back to kneading the muscles in my shoulders, working out any leftover tension his other doings may have wrought.

I'd come up for air. He found my right ear. His voice was a gentle whisper. "How do you feel?"

As if he even needed to ask. Couldn't he hear? "Good."

"Just good ?"

good " Really good."

Really He chuckled softly. "It's a good thing you're a meteorologist, Livy, because you'd make a terrible writer." He caught the lobe of my ear between his teeth and pulled ever so slightly, taking it into his mouth and suckling it, forcing my abdomen to tighten and a painfully pleasant sensation to work its way down from there. I had a feeling this was his way of promising more to come and he proved it with his next words.

"Since you're feeling really good, are you ready to turn over?"

really No, absolutely not, no way in hell. That was what I thought. What I said was, "Just keep doing what you've been doing, Cal, and you can probably get me to do anything."

"I want you to do only what you want to do, Livy."

"Spoken like a professional gigolo."

He sighed into my ear. Oops, I did it again. I had insulted the man who promised to show me the utmost respect while ravishing my body.

"I'm sorry," I said quickly. "I only meant that any other man wouldn't think that way. You've coaxed me this far, Cal. Keep coaxing."

He kissed behind my ear. I was forgiven.

"I can do that."

Cal sat back, his cushy butt resting gently against my plain one, but that wasn't the only part of him resting against me. Every bit of him rested there too. He had inched (no pun intended) the anxiety up another notch. I wasn't the only one feeling really good. I wouldn't have thought the return of his hands across my back could detract from that sensation, but he didn't remain at my back for long. He moved his careful touch to either side of my torso, caressing like faint feathers the side swell of my breasts and ribcage.

him really Writhing under his touch, I hardly felt him lift up from me. All I knew were his fingers slipping between the blanket and my skin. The left hip he lifted. The right hip he twisted until my body was turning like a corkscrew beneath him. I wantonly desired to give in to his every whim, and yet I wanted to fight every movement, every touch. Eyes closed and naked from the waist down, I stupidly held onto my bra for dear life. It was my safety blanket, my pacifier. That plain, black Wal-Mart bra I held to my breasts was the only free will I had left. That cheap junk was my lifeline. If I let go, it meant everything else would go with it—my morality, my good conscience, and probably my sanity.



But Cal had already shed me of every other ounce of clothing. He wasn't going to give up on one final piece. He started with my head again, pushing the hair from my face, tracing the outline of my cheeks, and then my jaw with his thumb. That tantalizing appendage found the edge of my lips and searched out its nerve endings. He pulled down on the lower lip, opening my mouth, raking it across my teeth. I was tempted to bite, and I think he might have wanted me to, but I lost my nerve. It then slipped over my chin, down to my throat and to the steady rhythm flowing through my jugular veins to finding the hollow at the base of my neck, touching, moving along the clavicles toward the shoulders, meeting up with the straps of my bra.

The moment of truth. Would I break or would I stall?

My mind ran back to the day in the back seat of that guy's car. What was his name? James? Jerry? I'd felt so confident then. Diploma sitting in the front seat, cap and gown thrown haphazardly to the carpeted floor, and me straddling his slender waist much as Cal now straddle mine. I'd rode him the way I used to ride show horses back in the day. I felt on top of the world. Why was I so afraid now? What was it about Cal that made me feel like a scared little girl?

I groped for the memory of that confident woman, tried to pick her up, put her back on. She helped me give in to Cal's gentle tugs and caresses as he pulled the straps past my elbows. Like the woman who stripped her panties in the back seat of a car without a second thought, the bra came lose in Cal's hands with little effort. The wimp stubbornly remained, though, and she defiantly crossed her arms over my shy, not-ready-to-be-seen-naked girls.

Cal could have laughed. He could have made me feel really stupid, but instead, he brought his palms to either arm and began to massage my meager biceps, weakening the muscles that held me rigidly together. "Relax, Livy," he whispered, his breath brushing over my skin. "Bring your arms down to your sides. That's it. Relax."

My limbs, jerky and hesitant, obliged to his coaxing, exposing me like a furnace to a blizzard of ice. Cal's palms were two hot coals warming me back up. They slid up my arms and over my shoulders. I readied myself for the moment they would move silently over my breasts, readied myself for the sensation, knowing it would be like touching a live wire, but it didn't happen. Cal's hands moved up my neck, cradling the back of my head. What he said next twisted a new level of terror in my gut.

"I want you to look at me, Livy."

He had exposed me to my deepest level, not just physically, but psychologically he'd exposed my passion, my eroticism, and my shame. I wasn't ready to look this man in the eye and see that staring back at me. I cringed at the thought. Better to keep the whole experience down to touch and smell. Sight would only make his presence and what we were about to do more real.

His knuckles grazed my cheek. "Open your eyes, Livy, and look at me." His touch was too gentle, his tone too full of feeling to leave me with a choice. I opened them.

Light emanating from the bathroom caught Cal full in the face. I could see him a lot clearer than he could probably see me. I saw a man who wasn't afraid to be passionate, who knew no fear of eroticism, and who embraced shame like a lover. He did not look upon me with the criticisms I lavished upon myself. His gaze was shockingly reverent, and I wasn't prepared for it.

Cal shattered my perception of sex forever. What I once saw as procreation, as a simple bid for pleasure, became ineffable, as close to sacred as I could describe it without calling it holy, divine.

Eyes magnetized to mine, he leaned over me. "Never sell yourself short, Livy. You're fucking beautiful. Own it."

What could I say to that? Absolutely nothing. I believed him. I'd never felt more fucking beautiful than I did right then, knowing it wouldn't be long before we were doing exactly that. And I wanted it. I wanted him. I wasn't hesitant or jerky in touching his bare shoulders and moving up the sides of his neck. His skin was burning and his heartbeat was keeping the same wild rhythm as mine. I knew better than to believe he was hot simply for me. He was a man. He was hot for what every other man was hot for, only this man made money taking his passion to the level of servitude. I didn't care. I wanted to be served, and I wanted to be served well.

fucking

This close to him, the muskiness of his body overpowered the lotion, and my nerves. I brought my hands to his face, tracing his brow and his jaw and the contour of his lips as he had mine. Touching him the way he had touched me gave me a powerful feeling of sensuality, but this was his game. I waited for him to make the move, to fulfill my fantasy, to sate my fears and kiss me as only a man like him could do.

He didn't.

He pulled away from me, slid his palms to the space between my breasts, and paused, feeling my heartbeat. What was he doing? Waiting for me to beg him? My earlier nervousness had vanished. My body and mind had gone past that point. I was ready for whatever he wanted to teach me.

"Cal, please..."

Desperate. That's how I sounded. He smiled down at me and I blushed like a ripe tomato. I'd succumbed to begging. Cal rewarded me by carefully cupping each breast. The sensation of his thumbs grazing over each nipple, first gently, then with increased fervor the more I writhed beneath him, was as electric as I thought it would be. I felt every friction ridge. He had me arching my back, reaching for him, trying to pull him down. I needed to feel more of him, and Cal complied.

Lips nibbled what his thumbs had discovered, tickling tender nerves with the tip of his tongue, circling, and gently biting. Then he stopped. I wanted to scream. What the hell was he doing to me? He trailed the kisses I wanted to feel upon my mouth down my ribcage, along my side, over my pelvic bone. My skin sizzled everywhere he touched me. I thought he was working his way down there . Instead, he climbed back up the center of my belly and took my other breast fully into his mouth. The shock was tremendous. Cal sucked deeply, like a man starved, while he continued to stroke and knead.

down there Somewhere in the middle of it all, he had moved from straddling me to laying alongside me. His body was what I had imagined it would be when I first stepped foot inside the hotel room—hard and hot and sweaty, with an emphasis on hard. His roving right hand moved my thigh up onto his hip and pulled me into his erection.

I'm not much for swear words. Other people liked them. Other people used them. I don't know, maybe I was raised differently. But I have to tell you, I have never wanted to scream the f-word more in my entire life. There are probably a gazillion words to describe what I was feeling against my lower belly, but I'm going to stick with "well-endowed." Equally indescribable was the shaky groan Cal released into the hollow of my neck. He shuddered against me, took a breath almost as if he were forcing himself to breathe and climbed kisses up along my neck to my jawline. I thought those kisses would surely find my lips, but again, he surprised me. His eyes met mine in the semi-darkness and held there while his hand trailed the length of my belly and slipped between my legs.

A gasp escaped me when he sinuously parted that highly sensitive area. He explored the outside before slipping in, grazing his thumb along the edges of my clit, finding what set off Livy's firecrackers, and drawing a measure of satisfaction from every expression of pleasure on my face, before sliding his middle finger inside me.

I couldn't let him look at me anymore, not while he gently stroked within me. I brought my face to his, blinding him with closeness. My lips brushed his, searching for him. Cal moved his face to the side and moved his middle finger out so the first finger could join in. Gentle was no longer the word for what he was doing. His fingers probed deep inside, reaching for something I didn't have the words to describe, almost finding it and then pulling away. A twinge of pain, but more so an avalanche of ecstasy. I felt like I was going over the edge of some unfathomable precipice.

"Oh shit, Cal, stop before I scream," I said, threatening to dig my nails into his arm.

Cal relented and pulled out from between my legs. "You're tight, Livy," he said, his voice harsh, twisted up with his own kind of pain. "I wanted to stretch you some before. How long has it been?"

has The nerve of the man to ask me (on the verge of an orgasm at that!) how long it's been since I've had sex. If I wasn't about to die in his arms, I would have punched him.

"Cal."

"Yes?"

"Shut up and fuck me."

A whispered chuckle and Cal moved himself over me. "Yes, ma'am."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter Eight





One of my best friends in all the world is a girl I grew up with. We played together as kids, went to school together, graduated high school together, and almost ended up in college together, but different career paths led us in different directions. Logan is self-confident, gorgeous and long-legged with breasts out to...well, here. You figure it out. Logan should have graced the cover of Cosmopolitan or ELLE, but she chose instead to become a wife and stay-at-home mom. The girl is certifiable.





here.

It's been good for her, though. Her husband has worked hard to tame the wild woman she used to be when we were in college. Hell, when we were in high school! She did things back then that widened my innocent eyes to the size of saucers. I'll not go into them here. Maybe later. The point is, Logan may have done some wild things in her young life, but I can guarantee you, she never did anything like this.

this. Maybe, in a weird sort of offhanded way, I'm documenting this for Logan, because she would never have believed me if I had called her up an hour or two after and said, "Hey, guess what I did?" Even if I never tell her, and I keep this night locked up in my head for an entire lifetime (until we're like eighty or something, sitting on the front porch, smokin' that hippie lettuce and swapping life stories), the chronicling of one's first one-night-stand sexual experience is no less awkward than the experience itself.

Yes, sex is awkward, even with someone as sexy as Cal. Don't get me wrong. His way of relaxing me into foreplay, of winding my body up was absolutely mind-altering. It was the moments between foreplay and sex that were awkward. Like helping Cal remove his boxer briefs and trying not to be embarrassed at the sight of his erect penis. (There, I said it!) Or, Cal's clumsy retrieval of a condom from the nightstand and its subsequent application. (I tried to help, I really did, but I couldn't bring myself to touch it.) Finally, Cal's insistence upon lubricating first. The sputtering and squeezing of lubricant alone was a mood killer; and anyway, he had to have been joking, because I didn't believe that part of me needed lubrication.

But the worst part was when Cal asked me what position I preferred. I wasn't prepared to answer that. I just wanted him to get on me, get in me and get the show on the road.

I settled for "Huh?" because anything else would have sounded silly.

"Position, Livy. Do you have a preference?"

"Um...no. Regular sex is good."

Cal smiled, mumbling "regular sex" under his breath. He really wanted to come back with a witty remark. I could see it in his eyes, but he kept it to himself. Wouldn't be very professional to make fun of the client.

really With one hand behind my neck, and the other at my waist, Cal said, "Let's try this."

He rolled onto me, sliding his forearms beneath my shoulders. Instinct and a rekindled desire said, "Open your legs, girl," but Cal stopped me with a hushed "wait," and rested comfortably on top of me. With his shoulder socked up against my chin, he brought his face down alongside mine and his mouth at my temple, kissing lightly. He wasn't crushing, but riding high, aligning his pelvis with mine, and positioning his erection down between my legs. I didn't know what the hell he was doing until he started doing it.

Never fully penetrating, but with the rest of him hard up against me, Cal began a soft rocking motion. He moved up and down, not back and forth. Even with my eyes closed, the gist of what he was trying to accomplish became clearer. Is this what they meant by "the motion of the ocean?" His slow and steady rocking was supposed to increase clitoral stimulation, I think, but I was beginning to feel it everywhere.

"Move with me," he said in my ear. "When I go down, bring your hips up."

I nodded wordlessly along his whiskered cheek and pushed my pelvis against him. The motion, though atypical, was not only incredibly sensual and far more intimate than anything I had ever experienced, but instantly gratifying. A tingling pleasure tugged in that secret place Cal pressed against. He wound one hand into the hair on the back of my head and found that now familiar spot on my neck, enflaming what was already beginning to boil over.



I forgot what it was to be embarrassed in his presence. I wanted to know every part of him. The soles of my feet explored the back of his calves, skimming over coarse tickling hairs. My hands roamed the rigid frame of his back. If I could have reached, I would have grabbed the roundness of his ass and pushed him harder into me. Instead, I went in search of taut muscles with my fingertips as he had with me, plunging over hot skin, exploring with touch what only sight had sought earlier in the evening.

The harder we moved together, the more intense the pressure built up between us, and soon, our bodies, slick with the sweat our rocking motion created, became one. I didn't know where Cal ended and I began. Breath came in shallow heaves. My body shuddered. The best sort of pain had begun to arc down toward my lower abdomen. I couldn't breathe. Cal cupped one cheek and pushed me upward as I had imagined doing to him. The pain reached a crescendo. Involuntarily, I cried out. My back arched so rigidly I thought it would break. It was coming. Oh my, I was coming.

I was coming. White lightning shot behind my eyes. For a moment, I forgot where I was, who I was, even how to pull air into my lungs. All I knew was Cal's burning body and the sensations he shot through me, and then, like the setting sun, it faded.

It would be too flowery and way too purple-prosey to call it earth-shattering, but it was the first orgasm I'd had in a long time (at least with another human being) and it felt so damn good. I can't remember the last time an orgasm worked a cry out of me. A few moans and a satisfied grunt, and I was usually good to go. But man, if the older couple from the elevator had stuck around to listen in from outside, they'd have been proud of me. Way to go, Olivia!

Poor Cal, though. He couldn't have gained any satisfaction in that position. Still, it surprised me, while in the midst of trying to catch my own breath, to feel his breath hot and heavy in my face. I opened my eyes to see him looking down at me, cheeks flushed, sweat on his brow. Maybe I was wrong.

"Good?" he said in a croak.

My voice wasn't much better. "Yeah."

"Really good?"

"Really really good."

really He smiled. "Good."

"Did you...you know...come?"

Eyes locked with mine, he shook his head. Our noses brushed. "No. Mind?"

"Why would I mind?" I hadn't experienced all of him yet, and he seemed pretty eager to introduce me.

Cal shifted his pelvis between my legs, and I gasped when he slid inside me. Not all at once, of course. He took his time, worked himself in inch by inch, slowly stretching my inner walls until he filled me. The fit of his fingers was nothing in comparison to his size. I was as tight as Cal described, but I felt no pain, only the fullness of him. Cal never once diverted his gaze from me, until then. It was like watching a wave of ecstasy roll over him. His eyes closed and a faint sigh escaped his lips.

His heady reaction was enough to start my engine running again. My pelvic muscles clenched involuntarily, and this time Cal was the one gasping. Emboldened, he pulled my thighs up around him, pulled out, angled my hips, and thrust in deeper. He started working the motion I was used to. They say it's like riding a bicycle. After the first time, you never forget, and it's true. The old in-and-out came naturally.

But Cal didn't move with the wild abandon I remembered with past partners. His movements spoke of a raw, sexual intelligence. He thrust at a steady pace, eyes ever on me, not only working himself but me as well. The thickness of him crushed into the place his fingers sought to find, but could never quite reach. So, I matched his rhythm, pivoting my hips into him, clenching and unclenching until I could feel him shaking. Yes, me, Livy Morton. I did that to him. The evidence was in the agony that twisted his handsome face. The wave became a full on crashing tsunami, and Cal buried his face into the crook of my neck.



In the darkness behind my eyes, I knew I wanted so much more, but it was hard to put a finger on what exactly that meant, or was. I searched for the answer in the taste of his skin. He was salty with sweat but sweet with lust, like the tang of dark chocolate. I grazed my teeth across his flesh, trying not to bite, but wanting to take the ache out on him in a fiendish way only a growing orgasm could inspire. The answer came when I turned to face him and sought his lips. With both hands, I pulled him into me. If I could have turned him over, mounted him and held him down while I kissed him, I would have, but neither of us had the strength, and Cal certainly had none left to fight me. He gave into me with a hunger I wouldn't have thought him capable of as often as he'd fought my searching lips. Our tongues met in a hot and tangled fury, and he groaned into me, reaching deep to find his own answers, while with one hand he reached down to find our secret connection.

I was almost there, with no more incentive than his steady rhythm, but all at once, his expert touch was pushing me over. The tsunami crashed over us both, faces pressed together, bodies rigid against each other as if electrified. Then, the final release came, the current shut off, and we relaxed into one another.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Losing my virginity my senior year is a memory I'd rather leave locked in a deep, dark vault, along with the guy who took it. (Unfortunately, he still lives back in my hometown. Married, I think.) The first time with my first real boyfriend in college was better, because he was sweet and good and gentlemanly, and he really cared about me. We lasted for almost two years until it dawned on him that he'd taken a backseat to my career. And speaking of the backseat, that last guy was, yet again, another case of 'not so much hot for him as for the start of my new career.'

real Cal was my first sex-for-the-sake-of-having-great-sex sex, and sex with Cal was, hands down, the best sex I've ever had. If he were to ask me How do you feel? now, I think my answer would be, Wow .

sex, How do you feel? Wow He didn't ask, though. He just breathed, labored at first, our heartbeats mingling, my fingers running through the hair on top of his head until his breath came steady against my skin. Then, without a word, he was up and sliding out of me. Still a tad sensitive down there, I had to bite down on my lower lip to keep from singing another tune.

"Be back in a sec," he said and disappeared into the bathroom.

No need to ask him why he needed to go. Best to let him take care of the dirty details. I laid there breathing and letting our combination of sweat dry on my body. The sound of running water from the bathroom brought an image of him standing naked in front of a sink under a garish white light which highlighted every muscle on his body from neck to calf. This time I didn't shoo away thoughts of, or my desire for him. I'd caught a glimpse of him as he walked toward the bathroom, and I liked what I saw.

What would I do with a man like that if I had access to him all the time? It made me wonder what Cal was like when he wasn't playing gigolo. There's no way a man could maintain such wanton sexuality on a regular basis. He was still just a guy, and guys are gross. Guys like to hawk loogies and scratch their balls and leave skid marks in their underwear. If you have a brother, you know this is true. But the thoughts kept circling: what is Cal really like? What does he love? What songs does he like to listen to? What's his favorite movie? What makes him laugh until his sides hurt?



He would be back soon. The cool air descending from the vent above wasn't going to blow away my curiosity of Cal, but it had fanned his heat from me. I didn't fancy the idea of him looking at my body the way I had been looking at his, so I grabbed the coverlet at the end of the bed and covered my shivering self to the neck.

A few seconds later, I heard, "Hiding yourself again, I see."

I opened my eyes to catch Cal staring down at me from the other end of the bed, naked as a jaybird. Oh, but the front of him was as nice to look at as the back of him, and he wasn't shy about showing it. Hard to look him in the eye that way, though. I looked at the ceiling instead.

"I was cold."

"Well, let's get you under the blankets, then."

From his side, Cal began moving pillows and turning down the blanket, making it comfortable for me to climb under. I really wanted to hit the shower, but I wasn't ready to stand toe to toe with him. On the bed or under the blankets, our bodies covering each other, I felt safe. Silly, considering I'd let him have his way with me, but self-consciousness has become a way of life for me, I fear. It's not something I can simply give the boot because I'm tired of it. It was nice of Cal not to question me when I slipped beneath the blanket without removing the coverlet first. I would have died if he had.

So, I reciprocated and didn't question him when he remained comfortably on his side of the bed. I could figure it out on my own. He'd given me what he brought me here to give me. Anything more would be up to me, and until then he would keep a respectable distance. I didn't know what else, if anything, I might be game for.

At the moment, I didn't need any more from him than what my eyes could appreciate. I let myself gaze upon him, and Cal let himself be gazed upon. Laying on his side, propped up on an elbow, the blanket covered everything from his slender hips on down. He looked like he was posing for a spread in Playgirl magazine. Too bad my phone was off and on the other side of the room. I could probably make a killing on the prints alone.

Cal brought my eyes back up to his face with, "Did I meet with your expectations?"

His expression wasn't any less scintillating. Intensely sexual would be the only way to describe it, which made it hard to follow his question up with anything resembling intelligible English. I was tempted to reach out and stroke his impeccably toned torso, and the ginger hair that marked him from breastbone to pelvis, but I didn't. As much as the sight of Cal moved me physically, I refused to incite the gigolo's ego.

I took a deep breath, gauged how I should answer, and exhaled it all in three words. "And then some."

For a second, Cal came back. He gave me a gentle smile. "I'm glad. Any regrets?"

"No...not so far."

An inquisitive grin. Narrowing eyes roving suggestively over me. "Did you have something else in mind?"

Nope, the gigolo was still there and he needed to go away. So I tossed a pillow at him.

"I said be real, Cal."

He caught it midair. Deftly, I might add. But it wasn't his only skillful move. Cal was also good at using his physicality to hide his emotions. A smile still clung to his lips, but he hid the chagrin of the real Cal by averting his eyes and using the pillow to cushion his elbow. The move flexed the muscles in his arm, tightened his abs.

"I am being real."

Not one to show my annoyance lying down, I sat up on my elbows. If anyone was being real in this room, it was me, holding the blanket up to my neck so my boobs wouldn't pop out.



"No, you're not. You're showing off. Being the gigolo."

The smile slipped. Maybe he didn't like that I had seen through the gigolo veneer. Or maybe it scared him that I could see through it at all. Whatever the reason, I'd hit a soft spot and I didn't know whether I was sorry I did or not.

Cal was quick to hide it, to accept the insult as part of the job, but he never broke eye contact. "That's what I am, Livy, like it or not."

"That's not all you are. Where's the guy I played air hockey with?"

"He's right here."

"And the guy on the dance floor?"

"Here."

"And the guy who was here a few minutes ago? He was real." Especially right at the end.

He Especially right at the end. Cal's jaw twitched. He was beginning to lose patience with me. "He hasn't gone anywhere either."

I relented. As much as I wanted to, I couldn't badger the gigolo out of him. But maybe I could coax Cal to keep him buried.

"Okay, okay," I said, and turned on my side to face him. "Then, tell me about him."

"There's not much to tell." He frowned when I frowned. "What? You wanted real. I'm giving you real."

"Oh please. You're Irish. That's a story in and of itself."

"Yeah, and it's a personal story I'm not inclined to divulge."

I gave him the famous Morton-family glare of suspicion. It never failed to make us laugh. "Are you an illegal?"

us He smirked, but he didn't laugh, nor did he answer. I realized a bit too late what a bad idea it was to try and crack a joke after I had already annoyed him.

"Oh, come on, Cal, I told you about me."

"No, you didn't. I already knew of you. That's different."

"Well, you know more about me than I do about you. For all I know, Cal is some made up name you pulled off a baby naming website."

"It isn't."

"What's it short for?"

Cal sighed. "Oh yes, I forget. You're half reporter."

"I only report the weather."

"That's almost the same thing."

I raised my eyebrows, waiting for an answer.

"It's Callum. Happy?"

"Yes." I tried the name on for size, let it roll off the tongue. Callum . It was smooth. I liked the sound of it. "What's your last name?"

Callum Again, he didn't answer, but at least he added a smile.

"You know mine."

"You're a public figure," Cal said, turning his attention and his touch to my skin. I batted his hand away. No way was I going to let him distract me without answers. He moved his roaming hand back to his side of the bed, a devious look in his eyes. "Do you think your viewers would believe the unassuming late night weather review lady could be so dominant during sex?"

I pushed up on my elbow. "Dominant?"

"I believe your exact words were..." Cal made a play of searching his thoughts before bringing a wicked gaze back to me. " 'Shut up and fuck me.' "

'Shut up and fuck me.' As sexy as he sounded saying it, hearing my words repeated back to me was like looking at an embarrassing picture of myself. I cringed, fell over onto my back, and brought the blankets up over my face.



"I didn't really say that, did I?"

I know I did. Cal didn't have to answer. I could remember saying it as vividly as he could repeat it. But that was another woman, high on dopamine and adrenaline. This woman, mellow on after-sex serotonin, could not imagine having ever uttered those words.

My cheeks burned under the blankets. "Oh my God, I'm sorry."

"Don't apologize," Cal said in a surprisingly somber voice. He pulled the blanket down and looked me in the eye. "I did as asked, didn't I?"

"Yeah, but...that's not me, Cal. I don't talk like that."

His knuckles grazed my arm. "That is you, Livy. Maybe not the language, per se, but the attitude. You've certainly shown me enough of it tonight."

is I sighed and apologized again without actually saying it. "I can't help it if I'm honest."

"I know you are, and I like that about you. You say what you feel, Livy. I've never been very good at that." Cal had moved closer. Leaned over me, one hand on top my head, the other on my chest, more real than I'd ever seen him. Then, in the blink of an eye, the real Cal, the man that actually intrigued me, returned to his hiding place behind the veneer. "But, since I'm pretty sure we didn't come here for my conversational ability... did you have anything else in mind? We still have time."

did "I'd rather fill it asking you questions. Like, how long have you lived in the States, and where do you live right now?"

"I wasn't hired to let you interrogate me."

I shrugged. "I'm curious about you. Can you blame me?"

"I guess not, but I prefer to maintain a level of ambiguity over my personal life."

"Why? Do you have trouble with love-struck clients stalking you or something?"

He drew his brows together, cocked his head playfully. "Livy? Are you saying you're love-struck?"

He turned the damn tables on me again. I rolled my eyes. "No."

"Pity. Then, do you like oral sex? Because if you're not love-struck now, just wait until I go down on you."

I didn't throw the pillow at him this time, I shoved it in his face and smooshed. If Cal weren't stronger than I was, he would have fallen off the side of the bed and onto the floor. He might have ended up there anyway with how badly my reaction tickled his funny bone. There went that lovely laughter again. So uninhibited. The laughter of a man comfortable with himself and his lifestyle. Couldn't say I loved the lifestyle, but I did love the laughter. I wanted to hear it forever.

But that wasn't going to happen. I had my own life to live and Cal had his. When this was over, we would go our separate ways—me to my career, while the memory of this night would live with me for a long time to come, and he to his, where I would soon become a face and a body in a long succession of faces and bodies. Cal would forget me. I would never forget him.

I could let it discourage me and end the fun we were having, but I chose not to. I pretended to shove this laughing, gorgeous man away from me. He pretended to pout, and then wrapped me up in arms I felt warm and safe in. For now, this was a good place to be. We could both be someone else for a while and both pretend this night would never end.

Cal kissed the back of my neck. His warm arms were beneath the blankets, wrapped around my middle and pulling. "Come on. I know the perfect way to end our evening."

Okay, make that: I could pretend this night would never end. Cal apparently wanted to hurry it along.

I "How?" I asked, somewhat irritated.



"With a tub full of hot, soapy water. I filled it steaming. It should have cooled some by now." Cal pulled me from the bed.

The blankets were coming away from me too quickly. "Wait, I want the coverlet."

I must have sounded panicky, for Cal stopped pulling and leaned over me. "Forget the coverlet, Livy. Put your arms 'round my neck."

I did, and without looking anywhere but in my eyes, Cal removed the rest of the blankets and carefully lifted me into his arms. I felt as light as a feather there, not physically, but emotionally, nervous but comforted. He was too caring, too gentle a human being to be anything but a good person, despite his career path. It made me wonder what led him to his choices in life, but if he wasn't going to tell me his last name or why he came here all the way from so beautiful a country as Ireland, he wasn't going to tell me that story either.

I let him carry me like a bride on her wedding night into the bathroom. I never really had a chance to see what the room looked like. I was too busy staring into his magnetic eyes. Cal had dimmed the lights, and candlelight lit the tub. There went my garish white light fantasy. One foot— spa-loosh —into the water. Cal hissed.

spa-loosh "Hot?" I asked.

"Not too bad," he said between clenched teeth. He lowered us into the water, slowly, carefully. My ass was the first part to feel the burn.

"Yow! Not too bad? Are you trying to flay the skin from my body?"

He was laughing again as we settled in and acclimated to the temperature. The tub was more than big enough for two, and I was in hog's heaven. I hadn't soaked in a hot tub in...hell, I can't remember. I leaned back and settled in up to the neck, letting the night's amorous events wash away from me. Cal helped the soapy water to do its work, running his hands along my belly and around my breasts and shoulders and back. He didn't neglect my most tender spot. Lubricant still clung to me there. Hot water had melted most of it away, but Cal's gentle touch cleansed what was left.

He wafted water up my neck to give his lips a clean surface to play along, while he continued to softly stroke with the other hand. I wanted to reciprocate, to make him feel the way he was making me feel. Cal was right. I guess I do become more dominant the more aroused I become. My hands, which had been swarming over his back and his arm and his ample pecs, decided to move lower over his belly. My fingers were skimming through the floating strands of coarse pubic hair when Cal stopped touching me and pulled my hand away.

"No, Livy," he said, his voice thick.

"Why not?"

"I told you. This isn't about me. Okay?"

"Okay."

He lifted my hand to his shoulder and went back to work. His light touch skimmed along my labia, then slowly opening me, dipping in, tracing the sensitive areas from my opening to my clitoris. I was already shuddering when his fingers slipped inside me. They reached deeper and farther than they had last time, exploring, massaging, searching for that which they had not found earlier. His strength lifted me out of the water, and Cal's hot mouth found one of my breasts. I held him onto me while he nibbled and sucked one, then the other, all while his fingers kept up their rhythmic movements. Soft, then hard, then soft again. My hips bucked. Ah damn, he found the sweet spot. His thumb left off its stimulation of my clitoris, and the palm of his hand applied gentle pressure, finishing me off. When I came, I came crying his name into his ear.

If he didn't hear me, he's deaf. Or I deafened him. One of the two.

I relaxed then, resting my forehead on his shoulder while he gently kissed the back of my neck. Lost in my own pleasure, his arousal wasn't apparent until he leaned me back against the tub and his lithe body rested beside mine.



Wet hands brushing the hair from my face, Cal asked once again how well he'd done.

"Awesome...but what about you?"

Water dripped from his fingertips onto my face. "Don't worry about me. I'll be fine. Hold your breath."

He grabbed the sides of my face and dipped me under, working the soapy water into my hair. When I came back up, I saw the same reverent man who had straddled and stared down at me in bed. This was the Cal I really wanted to know. He wore his heart in that gaze. What else could it be? Could it just be lust? Was I reading him wrong? I hope I was because if this was the last night I'd ever see him, I didn't want to be right.

Then again, I hoped his gaze meant he would kiss me like we kissed before. I wasn't so lucky, though. The next thing I knew, Cal was sitting me up, scooting behind me and grabbing a bottle of shampoo from the tray above the faucet. I tensed a little bit at the oddness of it.

"Just relax," Cal said, bringing his arms around me, unscrewing the cap and spilling a dollop into the palm of his hand. "I'm only going to wash your hair."

"Oh, I'm totally relaxed right now. I'm just—why are you doing that?"

"Because I want to." He rubbed his palms together, created a thick lather and began working it into my hair. "Is that weird to you?"

"A little bit."

Cal was back to massaging my scalp. It was like starting all over from the beginning.

"Is it an Irish thing?" I asked.

He laughed. "No. I didn't even use Irish Spring soap."

"Good. That stuff'll dry rot your skin."

Cal was combing soapy fingers through my hair, careful not to pull, when he said into my ear, "I just want to leave you feeling clean."

"I don't feel dirty if that's what you think."

"Not thinking it at all. Do you use conditioner?"

"Have to with this mop, or it'll tangle."

Cal leaned me back to rinse the shampoo from my hair. What I saw when I opened my eyes was his face inverted above me. He had that million-tooth grin, which instantly made me suspicious.

"You're enjoying this, aren't you?"

"Yes, actually."

Of course, he was. My hair was dangling and floating all over his manly bits. "This isn't about you, Cal. Remember that."

He laughed, pushed me back up and started in with the conditioner. It was weird, but I let him. It felt good to be pampered, especially by the man who had given me three orgasms in one night . That hasn't happened since...

in one night That just hasn't happened, okay, like ever.

The night was almost over. I could feel it. Cal wasn't letting me touch him. I asked to wash and condition his hair, but he wouldn't let me. He said something stupid like, "I don't have that much hair to bother." He was bringing this whole amazing evening to an end and he wouldn't let me thank him the only way I knew how.

"Can I ask you another question?"

"Sure."

"It's personal."

"Ask. I'll decide if I want to answer."

"What do you have against kissing on the lips?" I felt only the slightest of hesitation in his movements.

"Nothing, in principle."

"What does that mean?"

I heard a soft sigh, and Cal began combing through my hair again. "There are several things in which I draw the line with clients. I make them aware of those things before we begin. One of them is kissing the mouth."



"You didn't say anything to me."

"We didn't exactly have a standard agreement."

"No, but—"

"Kissing the mouth involves a level of intimacy that I consider unsuitable for the profession."

"And what we've been doing isn't intimate? Cal, seriously, come on."

"I'm not asking you to understand, Livy. I'm just telling you." If I could see him, I'd probably see his jaw twitching again.

Cal leaned me back down to rinse the conditioner from my hair. I stared up unabashedly up at him, into his magnificently open and yet, unreadable eyes. I wanted him to see my sincerity. This wasn't me being dominant or playing the reporter.

"I want to understand."

Hands in my hair, he looked down at me with an expression hard to decipher in candlelight. He was either grinning or grimacing. I couldn't tell which, and he didn't give me a chance to figure it out. He pulled me up before I could, and ran his palms along my scalp, squeegeeing water from my hair. But he never turned me to face him.

When he spoke, his voice was low. "The majority of the world may not look at what I do for living as a legitimate profession, but it's what I do. I perform a service, not unlike a repairman of sorts tinkering with a washing machine. Albeit, my tinkering is of a far more personal nature, but it's still just a service and I'm still just a repairman. Thus, when I kiss a woman's body, it's easy for me to separate the action from the person. There's nothing personal in it, nor in the sex. It's no more an emotional connection than a repairman finds with a washing machine. But kissing above the neck is like taking the washing machine home with you. The emotional connection lies in the nerve ending of the lips. On the tongue is where the heart of the person lies. The connection is sacred. It doesn't belong to strangers."

Not letting his every word slap me in the face was hard to do. I tried to understand the meaning behind them, tried to see it from his point of view, and not take it as an insult. After all, this wasn't a date. It was a business transaction, one in which I'd willingly and knowingly taken part in.

"Where does it belong then?"

Cal didn't answer right away. The moments passed in silence, with only the tinkling and rippling of water between us.

"With lovers."

This adorant notion he spoke of in hushed tones was ostensibly secret and unattainable, like Cal himself. Of course, he was right. We weren't lovers, not in the true sense of the word. Still...

"Then why did you kiss me?"

A towel came down from the rack over the tub, and Cal gingerly wrapped my hair in it. He ceased to touch me after. Pushing back, he stood up and wrapped himself in another towel before stepping from the tub and into my field of vision. I found it a strangely prudish move for his final act, but even in a towel, he was nonetheless appealing. His appraisal of me, and undoubtedly of my question, had me raising my knees self-consciously to my chest.

"I didn't kiss you, Livy. You kissed me." With that, he walked to the door, removed a hotel robe from the back of it and handed it to me. "I'm going to get dressed if that's all right with you."

Hearing him ask permission to get dressed was as unnerving as had been hearing him announce he would be my escort for the evening.

"Oh...sure...of course."

When Cal left the bathroom, I felt sick to my stomach. It wasn't regret. To regret the high Cal had awakened in me would be to regret living. It was an emptiness, as though every moment between us had been genuine and not simply the playacting of an artist. Yes, to a certain extent, Cal had been acting. How could he not? We hardly knew each other. What scared me was thinking, even when he was being real, he was still role-playing. Had I personalized his touch, his passion, even his playfulness? Had I read more into his worshipful expression? No man had ever made me feel the way he had or looked at me as Cal had. Did I really imagine all of that? Or was he that good of an actor?



It wouldn't be the first time. In between real boyfriend number one and the backseat guy, I misread a man's attention on more than one occasion. I'm pretty bad for it, in fact. Embarrassed myself good a few times. But I got over it. Played it off like he was the dumb one and he had misread me. I could do that again.

real By the time I'd worked up the nerve to get out of the tub, slip on the rob with a tight twist of the sash, and head back into the bedroom, Cal was fully dressed and reaching for his suit coat off the back of the chair.

He handed my handbag and phone to me. "I almost forgot I had your things."

"Thanks. You just would have given me an excuse to hunt you down." Sheesh, I wish I hadn't said that.

He slipped the coat on, looked at me, the faint hint of a smile playing on his lips. I couldn't fathom what was running through his mind.

"Staying the night?" he asked. "Or going home? I could call you a cab if you'd like."

And I thought letting him take my clothes off was awkward. These fake niceties were worse. "I haven't really decided."

"You should stay. Take advantage of the room. Get a good night's rest."

I crossed my arms, shrugged. "Maybe. I'll see." Wasn't sure if I could fall asleep in that bed.

"Oh, before I forget." Cal reached into the inside pocket of his coat. He held the gift card out to me.

I didn't reach for it. "Um, isn't that for you, for your expenses or something?"

"This isn't my early birthday," he said and tucked the card into the breast pocket of the robe. "Use what's left to buy yourself a wardrobe that accents the woman I know you to be."

I couldn't resist a roll of the eyes. "Smooth move, ex-lax," I said and watched that grinning grimace alter his face again. I knew I hadn't mistaken the expression. It was a combination of a smile and frown, the kind one makes when they don't know whether to be pleased or disheartened. Yes, I was showing him my attitude again, and yes, I know I'm a horrible person, but he was leaving and it seemed I was the only one who was feeling it.

So, I continued to give him attitude. "Off to the next conquest, huh? Anybody I know?"

Cal saw through me. All it took was for his grin to disappear to know. Those few words and in the right context said everything I didn't say aloud.

"You were never a conquest, Livy," he said and touched me. Not my hand, or on the shoulder, and certainly nowhere above the neck. He kept to a safe place. My upper arm. The transaction was over. Business completed. All that was left was to sign the invoice. The bill would come later.

"No," I said, faking a laugh but feeling abysmal. "Just a washing machine, right?"

The grin and the grimace were gone. Cal dropped his hand. "Goodnight, Livy."

Cal was walking for the door when the ugliness of what I said hit me. He had bared more than his body to me tonight. When we shared the tub, he bared his soul, showed me a part of himself he had probably never revealed to a single client. And I smeared it in his face like shit.

His hand was on the doorknob. In a second it would open, he would walk through it, never knowing how I felt, and I would never see him again. I was the one grimacing now.

"Cal wait." I tiptoed over the carpet toward him. He didn't have to listen to me. He could have kept walking, but he stopped. He turned around. "I'm sorry. You're right. I'm an insecure ass who says stupid shit she doesn't mean when she's feeling vulnerable. I really should be thanking you." Looking at him was hard. I looked at the wall, at the floor, at the ceiling; anywhere but at him. "You made me feel something I haven't felt in a really long time, and yes, it has been a long time. The last time was about..." I grimaced again. "...four or five years ago with a guy whose name I can hardly remember. I don't connect very well with people, Cal, okay? Outside of family and close friends, my connections run with the earth and the elements, and I find it difficult to meet the same level with the human population, especially with the opposite sex, but you... Cal, you've opened my eyes, you've awakened something in me I thought was dead inside, that I'd given up on ever—"

long

A finger went over my lips, one of the same fingers that had explored other areas of my body, and I looked up into a face swathed in deep shadows. I couldn't see his eyes, but I saw the faint light shimmering in them, highlighting his cheekbones and the ridge of his brow. I waited for him to say something, anything, even if it was just shut up, Livy . But he never said a word. He simply traced his finger over my lips, touching those nerve endings he'd spoken of. His touch was like a dose of lightning in a tender container.

shut up, Livy Cal cupped my face in both his hands, leaned down and pressed his lips to mine.

The move was so unexpected, it startled me, and though he didn't pull away, I think it startled him as well. His hands were shaking. Of all the ways he had touched me tonight, this kiss stirred me to the core. Not because he delved or opened my mouth or sought my soul with the tip of his tongue. The kiss never deepened to anything more than his lips to mine; a classic kiss like in those old black and white films. Maybe (and for the first time I felt this in him), he was too afraid to delve any more than that. It lasted for only a few seconds, but I understood what he was trying to tell me. In a moment, he would walk out the door, and we would never see each other again, but for a few hours, we weren't simply client and professional. We were lovers.

Cal pulled gently away. "It was a pleasure getting to know you, Olivia Morton."

"You too, Callum." I frowned. That was a lame and utterly uninspired response, but he smiled. I think he liked hearing me say his name.

The door opened, Cal stepped out into the lighted hallway and looked back at me one more time. "Have a nice life."

"Bye."

"Goodbye."

The door clicked shut. Though he was gone from my sight, the shadow of his feet hovered beneath the door. The sight of it stole my breath. I imagined he would storm back in, sweep me up in his arms and take me back to the bed, giving me the kiss he wanted to give me. The sweeping Gone With the Wind music would begin, and we'd live happily ever after.

Gone With the Wind Yeah, right.

His shadow moved a few seconds later and I listened to the sound of his footfalls descend the hallway. My breath exhaled in a heavy sigh. My knees were weak. I felt like sliding down to the floor and not getting up until the morning, but I wasn't going to let myself succumb to the weakness he had induced in me. I was stronger than that. My little foray into sexual adventure was over. It was time to get back to my life. I had plenty of work to keep me occupied, to put Cal on the backburner until he became another notch on my bedpost. A relatively unremarkable bedpost with minuscule markings, except for Cal's, but maybe one day I could add another one, or two. Who knows?

I walked back toward the bed and my dress which Cal had neatly folded on the end of the couch. Nope, I don't think I'd be staying here tonight. Probably take a shower, wash the rest of Cal away from me. Not from my mind, of course. He would always be there.

My gaze lingered over the bed and the rumpled blankets, the pillows we'd laid our heads on. I could smell the jasmine vanilla lotion. I could smell him. I could smell us .

us I walked around the bed to the window, peeked through the slats to the street, but I didn't see anyone. What? Did I think I was going to see him standing outside on the sidewalk, boombox in hand like John Cusack in Say Anything , proclaiming his undying love for me with an 80's song? Nice image, but no.

Say Anything I plopped my dejected butt on the edge of the bed, and that's when I saw his watch sitting on the nightstand.

"Oh no."

I stared a bit too longingly at the watch for a while before picking it up. Metallic and black but for the silver hour, minute and second hands ticking away the moments since he'd left it—and me—behind.

A part of me said, "Go after him, idiot! What are you waiting for?"

And what if I did? What if I ran like a mad woman out of this room, down the hallway and to the elevator, running to catch him as he walked out the hotel? What would happen? How would Cal react? Baloney! My life wasn't a Nora Ephron movie. I wasn't Meg Ryan hurrying to find Tom Hanks at the end of Sleepless in Seattle , or Rose running into Jack's arms as the Titanic sank. I'm just Olivia Morton, late night weather review lady.

Sleepless in Seattle Titanic I pulled the towel Cal had wrapped in my hair from my head. I wasn't exactly dressed to chase him to the curb anyhow. I took the watch from the nightstand. Maybe I'll keep it as a souvenir. The damn thing was probably worth more than two months' rent.

I was busily thinking it might give Cal a reason to hunt me down, when I glimpsed something on the floor near my shoe, right where his shoes had been. It was a rectangular card lying upside down as if it had fallen from the nightstand. I picked it up, curiosity beating the glumness out of my heart, and flipped it over. It was a plain white business card. Across the center in an unfussy, preprinted font was a series of letters, numbers, and symbols that could have been a jumble of nonsense given my current state of mind, but I did recognize the first three letters.

C A L.

It was a gigolo's email address.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Part Two - "Back to Reality"





"What the hell is this?"

"What the hell is this?" I hadn't been back to work long before Rosalyn found me. I'd been waiting for this, actually. Anticipating, eagerly, that high-pitched southern twang.

I swiveled around in my chair, playing the innocent while partly-cloudy Sacramento weather looped on the radar behind me. "What? I thought you liked the color red?"

Two steps and Rosalyn was at my desk, slapping the item in her hand down with a muffled clang. It was fire engine red, like Rosalyn's nail polish, and round with a silver plunger on top.

The guys in the newsroom around me snickered. I was close to losing it myself when I looked down at the gag gift, an old-timey service bell with the words "RING FOR BLOWJOB" painted in bright white across its red surface. Found it at Spencer's Saturday while on the hunt for a new greenscreen wardrobe. I hadn't been thinking of Rosalyn at the time. My thoughts had lingered elsewhere, and with another individual, while I roamed the mall. But when I passed the gift shop and remembered this is where my favorite busty news anchor purchased all her gag gifts, I went looking for the perfect revenge. It was the bright spot of my whole weekend.

Spencer's Hands on her wide but curvy hips, Rosalyn looked down her nose at me. "You are not funny, Olivia." With that, she turned on her pointy heel and went back to her office.

Along with the offices of the other lead anchors and the news director, Rosalyn's office was close to but segregated from the main newsroom. The rest of us newsies were centered around a raised circular assignment desk, from which came the bulk of KCAB's news flow. The station likes to call it The Hub . We affectionately refer to it as The Blob , mostly because of its hideously outdated peachy-pink color. The place was seriously overdue for a remodel.

The Hub The Blob "That was awesome ," came a groveling whisper from above. I looked up to the raised portion of the assignment desk to see Ian, our local webmaster—the guy who oversees all of KCAB's social media content—struggling to muffle his laughter. Wiry-haired and bushy-bearded, Ian looks like a modern version of Shaggy.

awesome "Go, Olivia. You finally got her back." The journalist next to me could have been his Great Dane sidekick. With his height, olive skin and big schnauz, Marc was Scooby Doo on two legs. Three things kept my silly thoughts to myself: one, I didn't want to offend; two, Marc's thick mane of dark, curly hair; and three, the idea that they might start calling me Velma.

Marc laughed as cautiously as his buddy Ian. Neither man wanted to incur the wrath of Rosalyn Harris. "The Gag Queen hath been brought low."

"All hail the new Gag Queen," Ian said, bowing over the ledge of the desk. Marc, ever the faithful puppy, followed his lead.

I crumpled a ball of paper and tossed it at Ian's shaggy head. "Stop. I'd better go apologize."

"Apologize?" Marc said. "Are you crazy?"

"Yeah, seriously, Olivia. After the shit she's done, you want to apologize?"

I stood up, grabbed the bell and looked at Ian as if he'd lost his mind. "You don't have to join her at the news desk, live, on camera, for the six o'clock weather."

live, on camera, This was my first night anchoring the segment on my own. Our chief meteorologist, Bob, requested today off for a family birthday or something, and I pulled the short straw. No, scratch that. I pulled the long straw. It's definitely a step in the right direction, and one I have been yearning for since I hired on at KCAB. I'm fourth in line behind the station's two top meteorologists, and the intern who had hired on before me; all men, I might add. I'm lucky Bob even put me on the list. Even in this day and age, a woman has to fight for her place in the world.



Ian snapped his fingers, pointed at me. "So right. God knows what she might do."

"I'll pray for you, Olivia," Marc said with a straight face.

Of course, he was joking. Those two were always joking. Aside from the ladies who typically drug me out of my hidey-hole on the weekend for an imaginary girl's night out, Ian and Marc were my two buds. I guess the three of us were sort of like Shaggy, Scooby, and Velma. We got along well. We just hadn't found our Daphne and Fred. Though, if Fred (whoever he turned out to be) called Daphne and I "girls" once, I'd kick him in the nuts.

I walked away rolling my eyes and shaking my head, trying not to think about sitting at the news desk with Rosalyn and her balding co-anchor Skip Schott (he couldn't have a better news anchor name if he made one up on his own) in a few hours time. Skip is a good guy. It's Rosalyn I always worry about.

"Oh, Olivia," Ian said, his voice booming now that the conversation no longer revolved around the face of KCAB news. When I turned back, his gaze had gone lower than my face. "Lovin' the new look."

"Yeah, you look hot," Marc added with a goofy grin.

So I was wearing something different, something colorful, form-fitting, maybe even kinda low cut and above the knee. So what? Shaggy and Scooby weren't supposed to look at Velma that way.

I cringed. "Thanks...I think."

I high-tailed it to Rosalyn's office. Better to face her wrath than Ian and Marc's wandering eyes. Why had I bought this outfit anyway? Oh yeah, I remember.

Tucking that errant thought away where it belonged, on the latent-memories shelf of the back of the mind, I marched into Rosalyn's office without knocking and shut the door behind me. Unlike the lusty men who worked in this fine establishment, I could ignore the beautiful woman with her dark, wavy hair and the curves she attempted to hide behind a lavender wraparound dress. I knew the personality behind the curves, and sometimes she could be a real pain in the ass.

"Boy, you've got your nerve." I clanged the bell right back onto her desk where it belonged. "After the personal massager gift and the random condoms with pervy quotes on the packaging that show up under my keyboard from time to time, you're angry at me for putting a 'ring for blowjob' bell on your desk?"

Rosalyn was angry, but a hint of mischief played in her eyes. I had long suspected her with the condom-gag, now my suspicions had been proven true.

"Anderson was in my office when I returned from lunch," she said, lips pursed in renewed anger. "He saw it." Rosalyn spoke each word as if it were its own sentence.

I clapped a hand over my mouth. "Oh crap, Roz. I'm sorry."

"I got a whole lecture on sexual harassment in the workplace, and I just covered a piece on that two weeks ago! Why are you trying to put me on the outs with the bossman?"

On Mondays, Rosalyn co-anchors the morning and the noon news. When she jets off for a quick lunch around eleven, I come in. The timing was perfect. I waltzed in, went into her office, unboxed the gift and set it on her desk, the well-deserved quote facing the door so she would see it as soon as she walked in. Wasn't expecting Anderson, the news director, basically our boss, to be the one to see it first. However, it did raise an interesting question. I tried not to laugh.

Failed. "Did he ring it?" The idea of straitlaced Mr. Anderson ringing Rosalyn's bell for a blowjob was too funny not to laugh.

Rosalyn smirked. "That old man knows better than to tussle with Mr. Harris's woman. He'd have rang that bell, I'd have rung his neck. The question is, dearheart," she said with crossed arms and an arched eyebrow, "did he ring your bell?" The smile that spread across her face left no room for doubt of whom she spoke.

he your

By now, you're probably wondering what has happened since Friday night. Not much is the answer. Besides going to the mall on Saturday and blowing what was left of the gift card, mostly on clothes, some on lunch, and the rest on Rosalyn's gift, I spent my weekend trying to bury my face and my thoughts in a book. Nothing of the romance genre. God no! I had a need for something suspenseful, scary, like a good serial killer novel with lots of blood and mayhem. Between that and preparing for today, I pretty much numbed my brain of thought.

It was at night, staring at the ceiling and not at the top dresser drawer where a black watch and a business card lay amongst my bras and panties (appropriate place, considering), that my thoughts went involuntarily to Cal. In the dark, I would see his blue eyes, his smile, the shape of his body and the sound of his voice as though he were right in front of me. Then, at ten o'clock sharp for the last two nights his watch alarm would sound. It drove me insane and deprived me of sleep. I couldn't figure out how to turn it off—the watch or my thoughts.

Since I picked up the business card off the hotel room floor, I haven't found the nerve to do anything with it other than hide it. For all I know, he dropped it by accident. Maybe, when he was slipping on his shoes and forgetting the watch on the nightstand right in front of him, it fell out of his wallet. It could happen, and that's why I haven't sent him an email or bothered to research the domain name. (That's what reporters do, even reporters who report the weather.) Besides, what would I say? "This is Olivia Morton. You know, the weather lady you did the nasty with on Friday night. I have your watch. Here's my number. Maybe you could give me a call and we could discuss interesting ways in which I could return it to you."

I actually have this written out on a piece of paper in my apartment. It's crumbled up and in the garbage, of course. I never sent it, let alone typed it. I'm not an idiot. It sounded too much like that Carly Rae Jepsen song anyway. I don't know if I'll ever work up the nerve to email Cal. For some reason, the idea terrifies me.

I thought I had been doing pretty well getting back into my Monday routine...up until now, that is. Rosalyn just killed it. What happened that night was not a topic of conversation I wished to have with anyone, let alone Rosalyn Harris. Gag Queen wasn't her only claim to fame. She loved to gossip, too. But what choice did I have? She had to answer for turning my life upside down.

Clearing my throat of discomfort, I pointed at the bell. "That's why I got the damn thing. It's called revenge, Roz. How dare you do that to me?"

I should be thanking Rosalyn for my night with Cal, right? Wrong! Because of her meddling, I haven't slept the last two nights. Before Friday night, I was a well-adjusted, twenty-eight-year-old meteorologist from Iowa who wanted nothing more out of life than to move up the corporate ladder at KCAB (and yeah, maybe someday work for the NOAA) so that I could pursue what I love, and hopefully afford rent in a pet-friendly apartment complex. Now, I'm like one of those frazzled females you read about in romance novels who can't stop thinking about the man.

the man. Rosalyn laughed. It was hard to tell if she were laughing because she knew exactly what was going through my burnt brain, or if she were merely enjoying the discomfort she had put me through. I tried for the hurt look. I was hurt, dammit! I trusted her.

was "Do you have any idea how embarrassing that was?"

"Embarrassing?" Her smile dropped like a stone. "Honey, I spent good money on your birthday present. You better not tell me you scared the poor man away. He was cute...for a white boy."

Yes! The admission I hoped to hear. Not about Cal being cute. When it came to the many ways I could describe Cal, I was way past "cute." My relief came in hearing that some of my worst fears about Friday night were unfounded. Rosalyn hadn't been hiding in the shadows watching as Cal and I left O'Henry's, or following us to the club, or anywhere else. She had simply set up the meeting (and probably laughed at me from the comfort of home with Mr. Harris). She had no idea I spent the night with Cal and that's the way I'd like to keep it.



"You did spend good money." I turned three-sixty to show off my outfit. "On my new wardrobe."

Beautiful black woman or not, when Rosalyn frowned, I always got the impression she could shank me with her perfectly manicured nails alone. "He did not give you that gift card."

I pranced around one more time. "There's three more where this one came from, and Macy's did not have a sale."

did not "What the hell happened?" Manicured nails now poised on her hips, Rosalyn looked oddly hurt at my manufactured proof.

I shrugged. "We had a few drinks, talked for a bit, and I sent him on his merry way. After he gave me the gift card."

After "Oh, no he didn't? I invested a lot of money in that manwhore?"

Here's where my carefully planned story began to unravel. I thought I had this conversation with Rosalyn well in hand. I had her convinced that nothing had happened over the weekend other than a good day's shopping. My mistake came in revealing my dislike for her descriptive word choices. Profession aside, I never thought of Cal as anything but a gentleman. He was kind to me, and nothing but straightforward with his intentions.

" Manwhore ?"

Manwhore It wouldn't hit me until much later in the evening how well she played me. Rosalyn played coy, trying to hide it by turning away and covering her mouth with her blood red nails, but her expression most definitely changed from offended to amused. Before long, she was giggling under her breath.

I didn't feel good. "What's so funny?"

"You are," she said, coming around her desk to lean against the front of it. "If you think you can take Rosalyn Harris for a fool."

"What are you talking about?"

"I'm talking about you trying to hide that you had a good time Friday night." Rosalyn beamed. "You're welcome, by the way."

"I didn't thank you."

"Well, you should. I worked hard to get that man for you."

"And that's another thing. I don't need you to 'get men' for me, Roz. I can do that just fine on my own."

"How? Sitting up in your apartment reading Danielle Steel?"

"I don't read Danielle Steel. I happen to prefer Tami Hoag, thank you very much."

"Hoag-Schmoag. That's beside the point, and you know it. How many times have I tried to hook you up with one of the guys here at work, and you don't bite? You gotta get serious, girl. You ain't gonna find a man in the pages of a book, and you sure as hell ain't gonna find him in a satellite image."

I rolled my eyes. "First of all, I never asked you to play matchmaker. Secondly, you're terrible at it. The last guy you tried to hook me up with was married—"

"I didn't know that."

"Thirdly, I don't need a man in my life. I'm perfectly happy living the single life."

need "Celibate, you mean."

"I mean single. Fourthly, I never asked, or even slightly hinted, that you should set me up with a..." I lowered my voice even though the door was closed. "...a male escort."

single. "...a male escort." Like the evil queen that she was, Rosalyn rubbed her hands together and snickered manically. "What was he like? Was he good? I hope he was packin', honey, cuz you have some serious walls to shoot down."

I could actually feel the color climbing up my cheeks. She wasn't believing a word of my carefully crafted lie, and images from Friday night were starting to pop into my mind. Packin', indeed. Time to get out of here.

"You know what? I actually have work to do, unlike some people." I started walking for the door. "You can torment me on live television later." I stopped. Why did I say that? "Actually, maybe you shouldn't do that."

Why did I say that? "Why? Is he gonna be watching?"

When I mentioned preparing for today , I didn't mean laboring over the upcoming week's weather and how I would report it. No, it meant I spent hours deciding upon which dress I wanted to wear. "Buy yourself a wardrobe that accents the woman I know you to be," Cal had said. This was too touchy a subject for Rosalyn to breach. Cal might, in fact, be watching tonight. He as much said so, and my nervousness about it did nothing for my complexion. My cheeks went from color to inferno.

preparing for today "Mmmmm," she giggled, following me to the door. "Yep, soon as I saw all that gingery goodness and those pretty blue eyes, I knew he was the man for you. Looks like he worked you up good, Livy. What hotel did he take you to?"

If I heard one more word out of Rosalyn's mouth, I think I would choke on air itself. "I'll be sure to advertise your new services to everyone," I said, indicating the bell with a nod and reached for the door. "See you on air."

Rosalyn stopped me with a flurried, "Wait wait wait!", and leaned herself against the door to keep me from leaving. "Just answer me one question...and I promise it's a serious one."

I sighed. "What?"

Smiling like a woman eager for all the juicy details, she asked, "Did you like him?"

I looked at my hand on the doorknob, at the plain short nails on my plain fingers, and I remembered the way they had touched his brow, his cheeks, caressed his lips, explored the length of his back. For a moment, I couldn't see anything else but Cal. My hand hadn't looked so plain against his skin.

And then I remembered where I was. Couldn't say how long I was gone, but by the time I came back, Rosalyn was looking at me strangely. "You okay, Livy?"

"I've got to go, Roz," I said, and left her office feeling suddenly lonesome. It was an entirely unexpected feeling, unwelcome and disquieting.

Despite my self-conscious streak, I'm pretty comfortable in my own skin. When I'm alone, and I have no one and nothing else to worry about but myself, I'm okay. Work and my own form of leisure activity have always been enough to keep me occupied. I have never had a reason to feel lonesome for anything except family. So, why now?

I couldn't have answered Rosalyn's question. How could I tell her what I can hardly admit to myself? But I can tell you, dear reader. You'll listen, won't you? You'll understand. The answer is Yes . I like him. I like him a lot more than a woman should like a man she'd only known once in her life. I can actually feel his absence as though it were tangible, like a hole in the air where he should be. That's not right. He's a male prostitute, a manwhore , for crying out loud...

Yes a manwhore But I miss him. What is wrong with me?

miss This is too unsettling. I'm done! I don't care what I have to do; I will find a way to banish him.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : Part Two photo by Loren Gu on Unsplash.



Author's Note : Part Two photo by Loren Gu on Unsplash.

Author's Note

Part Two's title is inspired by this 1989 song from Soul II Soul. One of my favorite songs from back in the day.

Part Two's title is inspired by this 1989 song from Soul II Soul. One of my favorite songs from back in the day.





Chapter 10





Turns out, banishing anything is really hard to do ten minutes before you're about to go on-air. My hands were shaking. Sweat beaded on my upper lip, and Rosalyn's warning before she left for the day to "call me when you get off" still rang in my ears.





Liselle, the station's makeup artist, must have retouched my foundation for like the millionth time that evening.

"Are you okay, Olivia?" she asked.

I replied with the standard lie. "I'm fine. Why?"

"Because you look like you're about to hurl."

I tried to laugh it off. "No, I'm good. Just a case of stage fright, I guess."

"Yeah, but you've been in front of the camera today like...what? Three or four times?"

Liselle, God love her, was as ditzy as a bad blonde joke, but she usually had a good grasp on who she prettied up and when. Her count was probably about right, but (and God bless her) she didn't answer her own question after I gave her a shut-up-and-put-my-makeup-on look. Her only response was to raise her eyebrows and get back to work, which inevitably left me feeling horrible about myself.

bless Yes, I was nervous as hell standing before the green screen for my first six-thirty spot, but that was nothing compared to what I was feeling minutes away from The Late Night Weather Review...with or without Olivia Morton. Try saying that with a smile on your face when you feel like you're about to blow chunks.

The Late Night Weather Review...with or without Olivia Morton. Liselle could have highlighted the fact that I hadn't shown an ounce of nerves when I shared the desk with Rosalyn and Skip, or when I stood in front of the greenscreen earlier showing off my best weather-lady moves and predicting a dry start to the week. Liselle could also have highlighted my lack of nerves during the in-between commercial spots in the afternoon right before Judge Judy kicked on.

She didn't, and for that, I was grateful. Though, I still felt bad. "Really, I'm fine, Liselle."

A head poked in the door. "Five minutes, Livy," the assistant producer said.

"Okay, thanks," I said after a deep breath.

Liselle frowned at me. "It's just the weather."

"Yeah, that's what I keep telling myself.

My new dress and I walked on set squeezing an imaginary stress ball in both hands. Thank God the producer was more concerned with setting up the shot than he was with my stress level. He led me toward our one and only greenscreen that stood cattycorner to the news desk, where Anna and Patsy (part of Rosalyn's "all-girl power team," as well as potential suspects in the Friday night birthday surprise) smiled into the camera and prattled on about some news topic or other before they introduced the late night weather segment. I stood there, secretly wishing I hadn't neglected to quiz Rosalyn on their involvement, and simultaneously trying not to feel suspicious at their every laugh or glance in my direction. I felt cold. I felt hot. I felt sick to my stomach. I felt like I was about to stand naked in front of a million eyes. Yet, only one set of eyes meant anything, and he wasn't even in the building.

Ugh, me and my stupid make-stuff-up-that'll-never-happen brain.

The introduction came. Anna stared into the camera as though she were staring at me across the news desk from her, when in fact neither one of us could see the other without turning our heads at an awkward angle. Her voice squeaked out over the airwaves. "So, what can we expect this week, Olivia? I bet you've been enjoying these cool evenings."

What the hell did she mean by that?!

What the hell did she mean by that?! No time to guess. The light above the camera came on. The operator pointed at me.



Oh shit.

Oh shit. I put on my best smile and said with the fakest girly laugh I've ever uttered, "That's right, Anna." Who wasn't "being real" now? "I've always been a sucker, but especially for cool air in June."

There wasn't a trace of nervousness in my voice. Sarcasm, on the other hand, came out by the buttload.

"We have been experiencing some unseasonably cooler temperatures for this time of year. Tonight, we are sitting at a comfortable sixty degrees, but by mid-morning...and you can set your watch on that...temperatures will be climbing into the upper seventies."

Watch? Aw jeez. Extend palm. Insert face. Clear throat. Move on.

"Expect to enjoy several days of clear skies and sunshine, but by the end of the week, we are going to see that humidity moving back in with our chances of rain increasing by Friday or Saturday. You might want to postpone that girls' night out, Anna. Anything could happen."

And nobody knows that better than I do.

From the news desk, Anna and Patsy giggled like a couple of awkward teenagers who couldn't tell if the joke directed at them was supposed to be funny or insulting. Wish I knew, because their giggles were as counterfeit as my composure.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Girl, you are a special sort of crazy."

That was the first thing I heard when I walked up the stairs to my apartment door, struggling with a bag of groceries in one hand and my keys in the other. I hadn't quite found the door key when I looked up to see Rosalyn standing outside my apartment. Dressed in jeans, a t-shirt and a pair of flip-flops, she didn't look any happier to be standing there than I was to see her.

"What are you doing here, Roz? It's after eleven o'clock."

"I told you to call me. Didn't I?"

"Yeah, but I didn't think you meant tonight."

Well, actually I did, but I refused to call her only to pick up on a conversation I didn't want to finish. Now, it seemed she wasn't going to give me a choice. Choice rarely belonged to anyone else when Rosalyn was around.

"After you acted a fool on live TV, you're damn right I meant tonight." She raised an eyebrow at the plastic bags hanging from my arm. Necessities mostly—toothpaste, toilet paper, a loaf of bread—but nestled in a bag all its own was a half-gallon tub of vanilla ice cream. "And based on the junk food, you ain't been right all day. What is going on with you?"

"Nothing!"

A curtain moved in a next-door apartment. Rosalyn noted it as well as I did, and she wasn't budging. She wasn't going to quiet down until I let her in, either. With a roll of my eyes, I put my key in the door and ushered my annoying guest in.

"Get in before my neighbors call the cops," I said.

"I wasn't the one who raised my voice."

Closing the door behind me, I gave Rosalyn a glare and marched my purchases through the living room and into the connecting kitchen. "If you came all this way to gloat, Rosalyn, do us both a favor and leave."



"Gloat?" Rosalyn raised one well-manicured finger and tapped the tiled island countertop with the five on her other hand. "I do not know what you are talking about. I came here to talk about your craziness."

what " My craziness?"

My "Yes, ma'am. Now, are you going to serve the ice cream or do I have to do it?"

With a sigh, I slid the bag her way. "Be my guest. Scooper is in the drawer by the sink."

Throwing the loaf of bread on the counter, I tossed the other bags on top of the dryer in the laundry room. It could wait until tomorrow. Maybe Rosalyn was right. I felt like I had gone a little crazy since Friday night. But whose fault is that?

I was about to round the corner and tell her that when I heard a beep and the sound of my mother's voice in the kitchen. "Livy, honey, are you okay? You sounded odd tonight."

I froze like a fugitive. Mom always did have a sixth sense when it came to her kids. Of course, she made sure of it in the most convenient of ways. She had my little brother, Baylor (the only tech-savvy Morton in the family) set her up online so she could watch my segments from the comfort of her home in Iowa. For a second, I thought mom had popped in unannounced because of her motherly "sixth sense," until I heard: "Call me as soon as you get home. All right?"

Voicemail. Rosalyn was playing back my messages. Either I was relieved to know Mom wasn't actually in my apartment, terrified at the prospect of coming up with an excuse Mom would believe, or pissed at Rosalyn for prying. Couldn't say if the emotions hit me one at a time or all at once, but I knew which one I was feeling when I entered the kitchen from the laundry room, hands on my hips (exactly as Mom might have).

"Just make yourself at home, why don't you."

Rosalyn raised two bowls of ice cream, each with their own spoon. "I have." She indicated my old-timey answering machine with a nod. "You see. I'm not the only one who thinks you've lost your mind. Now, be a good girl and put the container in the freezer."

Even in my own apartment, choice was out of my hands. Everyone who knew her knew wherever Rosalyn went, she ruled the roost. The woman could have her own reality series. They'd call it Life with Rosalyn. She'd have her own catchy theme song, probably written, produced and rapped by Will Smith, no doubt. I'd probably even watch it for shits and giggles. But please God, don't ever let her run for president!

Life with Rosalyn. "I have not lost my mind," I said, wiping down the counter and stashing the tub of ice cream far to the back of the freezer.

have not From the comfort of my couch, Rosalyn sat up, spoon of ice cream poised precariously. "Really? Then, maybe you can explain why you told Patsy on-air that you were going home to get 'white girl wasted.'"

I waltzed into the living room. "On ice cream! I said the weather was perfect to go home and get 'white girl wasted on ice cream'!"

"Anyone in their right mind does not say shit like that on local television."

"I was making a joke." But I wasn't making one now.

"Mmmm-hmmm." Rosalyn would have crossed her arms in that chastising way of hers if it weren't for the bowl in her hand. "Like I said, you have lost your ever-lovin' mind. All I can say, Livy, is you are lucky it's me sitting here, and not Anderson. If you had pulled that stunt on the six o'clock segment, you might not have a job right now."

Ever felt like you were standing on a stage under a bright spotlight and all you can hear are crickets? That was me. I went from overly defensive to mildly traumatized in a matter of seconds.

"Did he call you?"

"He wanted me to make sure you were...'stable' was how he put it."

"Oh, my God."



That was all it took to see my on-air presence in a more sobering light. I had lost my mind. Surely, Anna and Patsy thought so, too. They would never have said anything to me. We didn't spend our usual fifteen minutes chewing the fat before I left for the evening. They did wave from a distance, though, sort of the way ancient Israelites would have waved at a leper and yelled, "Unclean! Unclean!" Not only did I make a fool of myself to my coworkers, to my boss, and to all of Sacramento, but I made a fool of myself in front of my mother. It wouldn't be long before it got back to Dad, and to Baylor, and Logan. Oh God, I don't even want to think what Cal—

had to my boss, Nevermind.

"Look, I have a lot on my mind right now, okay." As if that's an excuse.

"Well, sit down, eat your ice cream and tell me what the hell is wrong with you? Because this is not the Livy Morton I know."

Plopping down on the couch like a scolded child, I grabbed my bowl of ice cream and got wasted on the first whopper-sized bite. I pointed a streaked spoon at Rosalyn and said with a full mouth, " You are what's wrong with me."

You "Me? What did I do?"

The air-conditioning kicked off. Until then, there had at least been some spatial noise between us. Now there was an eerie quiet and the clattering of spoons in ice cream bowls.

"Yes, you. If it weren't for you—"

"What is that noise?"

"Stop trying to change the subject, Roz."

"I'm not. What is that beeping noise? You got something in the dryer?"

The drone of the air-conditioning, coupled with the cacophony of craziness going on between my ears, must have muffled the sound.

"No," I answered after a long, drawn-out sigh.

"What is it, then?"

"It's a gigolo's watch."

If Rosalyn's eyes didn't pop out of her head simultaneous to her mouth dropping open, I'm lying. As my granny was once fond of saying, "If I'm lying, I'm dying." She had that Tom & Jerry look of surprise.

"If I'm lying, I'm dying." Tom & Jerry "Hold up a sec. Did you have sex with him?"

I shoved another bitter-tasting spoonful into my mouth. I couldn't look at Rosalyn. All I knew was the incessant beeping and its constant reminder. So I set the bowl down on the coffee table with a clatter and went straight to my bedroom. In there, the beeping was so damn loud, it was a wonder I hadn't taken the watch to the parking lot and beaten it to death with a hammer. Who cares how much it was worth? I pulled it out of the dresser drawer, jabbed the shut-up-damn-you button and saw that, yes, it had gone off once again at ten o'clock.

What could be so important to a gigolo at that time of night that he had to set a watch alarm? His nightly Viagra? And why hadn't it gone off that night?

that night? All of these were questions best left to a time when I no longer cared to ponder them. I marched the watch back with me into the living room and tossed it onto the couch beside Rosalyn. I didn't sit and I didn't pick up my ice cream.

"As I was saying, if it weren't for you, none of this would have happened, so don't act all surprised. You already knew. You said as much earlier today."

Rosalyn looked up at me, down at the watch, then back up to me. Her jaw hadn't clapped shut yet. "I was messin' with you, Livy. I didn't think you'd gone and had actual sex with the man."

"No?" I crossed my arms, all at once self-conscious and cursing myself for my suspicious, over-analyzing idiocy.

" Hell no."

Hell no."

"But you asked me what hotel he took me to!"

"Oh, my Jesus. You let him take you to a hotel?"

"Well, where the hell did you think we were supposed to do it? In the backseat of a cab?"

"Girl, that is not what I expected out of you... or him. You just shocked the shit outta me."

or him. "Then why would you set me up like that?"

"I didn't set you up! It was supposed to be a..." She searched the air as though the rest of her sentence had flow away from her. "...a damn birthday present! I only wanted you to spend some time with someone other than yourself or us girls for a change. You know, like a good-looking man. I was hoping he'd take you to dinner or take your skinny white ass dancing or something. I wanted you to have a good time. I didn't ask him to show you a good time."

show "You didn't?"

"Of course not! What do you take me for?"

I wanted to cry. Everything about Friday night suddenly felt like a lie. Questions about the conversation Rosalyn had with Cal in some downtown coffee shop bounced about in my head, giving me a headache. I wanted to know every teensy tidbit about how and why she would set me up on a blind date with a male escort, but my insides were too hollow to ask.

I crossed to the couch, sat down and laid my head in my hands. "But he said..."

"He said what?"

I never finished saying what I was going to say, but between me and you, I was thinking about what Cal said about Rosalyn. "She said you would cave inside of an hour." Why would she say that to him if she didn't expect him to at least attempt to do what he's good at? Then again, Cal also said, "Your friend hired me simply to take you out for the evening." So, then, why had he tried so hard to get me to...? "Maybe it means I'm attracted to you."

"She said you would cave inside of an hour." "Your friend hired me simply to take you out for the evening." "Maybe it means I'm attracted to you." Oh...my...God...

Rosalyn touched my shoulder, bringing me back to the present where Cal's scent and the sound of his voice hadn't yet completely taken over my mind. Only when I looked in her eyes did I realize the firestorm I had set off behind them. Rosalyn saw my moment of comprehension as something else entirely.

"What happened, Livy?" I had never heard such concern in her voice before. "Did he do something to you? Did he... hurt you? " Her tone then changed dramatically. "Oh girl, if he hurt you, I will hunt a muthafucka down—"

hurt you? I took Rosalyn's hand, shook my head. "No, it wasn't like that."

She huffed in relief. "Then what was it? Was he just not that good?"

I had to laugh, even if it was only for a second or two. "Definitely not that, either. I'm just feeling incredibly foolish." I picked up the bowl, took another bite of ice cream. It tasted better this time.

"Why? Because you had sex and actually enjoyed it?"

I smirked at her. "No, because I hated on you all that night, and planned my revenge all weekend long. All I could think was you were somewhere laughing at me because you thought I'd run like a frightened little girl. I had to prove you wrong."

"Girl, if that's the only reason you had sex with the man, you need some serious help."

The final bite slipped into my mouth. I heard the clank of Rosalyn's spoon as she took her last. I didn't want to say the real reason I let a stranger take me up to a hotel room, so I shrugged my shoulders. The silence passed for too long. When I looked at Rosalyn, she was smiling.

"What?"

"You liked him."

I turned away from her and shrugged again.



"Correction. You like him."

like I shrugged yet again, followed by a heavy sigh like I was blowing on a trumpet. I must have looked like Louis Armstrong. Grabbing my bowl, I took it into the kitchen, set it in the sink, then went to the freezer for the entire container and started gorging. Yep, gonna get white girl wasted on ice cream tonight , I thought.

Yep, gonna get white girl wasted on ice cream tonight I had a mouth full when Rosalyn came back into the kitchen. She had an empty bowl in one hand and the watch in the other. She set the watch before me where I could see it and went around to wash our bowls in the sink.

"First of all, I don't see why you're letting yourself get so worked up over a man. There are better things in this world to let work your nerves."

"Because, men have always been problematic for me. Don't get me wrong, romance and all that other malarkey, it's a sweet notion, it really is, but it's never worked for me. It works for my best friend back home. It works for you. It works for half a billion other people on the planet, but it doesn't seem to flow in the Morton genes. We've all had bad luck there, and I don't want the hassle again."

Rosalyn huffed. She didn't seem to like my explanation. "Second of all, you see that watch right there?"

Mouth full. "How can I not?"

"That's a Tag Heuer," she said, setting the cleaned bowls upside down in the sink.

"So?" I had more important things to worry about than the name brand of a stupid watch.

"How'd you get it?"

I stuffed my face with another spoonful. "Dummy left it behind on the nightstand in the hotel."

"Left it behind?"

"Left it behind?" This time, Rosalyn didn't merely dislike what I had to say, she was absolutely flabbergasted. Thus, I felt it my duty to give her a believable excuse. "I'm sure it's because he found me so incredibly distracting, it made him forget all about his fancy watch."

"I doubt that's the reason."

"Yeah, me too."

She smacked my arm. "That's not what I mean. That's way more than a fancy watch. You have any idea how much a watch like that is worth?"

"It's pretty expensive, I guess. Why?"

"Guess."

Inhaling another bite, I raised my arms and my eyebrows at the same time. "I don't know. A couple thou'."

Rosalyn craned her neck back. "Try ten thou'."

ten I choked. If I hadn't slapped a hand over my mouth, I would have ruined the whole container of ice cream, and after that news, I was going to need plenty more. I tossed the spoon in it and brought it with me to the kitchen table. I was also going to need a seat.

"Now don't go acting all crazy again," Rosalyn said. She sat across from me. When I looked up, she had the watch in her hand. I didn't want to look at it. "This particular Tag Heuer is probably not worth quite that much. Maybe seven or eight thousand."

That didn't make me feel any better. "If you're trying to make a point, Roz, I don't get it."

"My point is, honey, a man ain't gonna leave a watch like this behind on accident. I don't care how distracting the woman is."

"So? What? He left it on purpose?"

"Of course, he left it on purpose," she said with a touch of annoyance.

"I know I called him a dummy, but he is far from stupid. Why would he do something like that?"

Rosalyn sat back in her chair and laughed up to heaven. "Lord God, please help this girl here." With a smile, she moved the ice cream away from me and set the watch in the center of the cold ring it left on the table. "He likes you, Livy, and he's hoping someday to come back for his watch."



My whole body went hot like I'd taken a seat on hot coals. My mind played through our last few moments together: the way he'd looked at me as he stood putting on his suit coat, the kiss, his last words to me, seeing the watch on the nightstand. I had glumly thought something similar as I'd sat on the edge of the hotel bed looking at the watch; that it would give him a reason to hunt me down. I never really thought he'd actually go through with it, and I don't know if I believe it now. If Cal wanted to hunt me down, he didn't need to leave an expensive watch behind. All he had to do was come to the station.

My sordid mind was busily imagining such a scenario (and my cheeks were turning an unhealthy shade of purple) when a mental picture of the business card lying on the floor hovered behind my eyelids. I had assumed it fell from Cal's wallet or dropped out of his pants pocket. What if it didn't? What if he left it intentionally? What if he'd propped it up against the watch just so and a puff of air from the vent, or the closing of the door, or something I did, or maybe even something he accidentally did knocked it to the floor? What if he wanted me to hunt him down?

me him Oh shit. And what did I go and do right after he set the watch and card so neatly on the edge of the nightstand? I said something stupid and mean. Cal had probably second-guessed his decision the whole time he hesitated outside the door. No Gone-With-The-Wind ideas had been going through his mind. He'd been deciding whether or not he should knock and ask for his watch back.

Gone-With-The-Wind I am such an idiot! And that's why I had to quickly squash Rosalyn's idea like a bug. I refused to believe any of it.

I am such an idiot! "No, no," I said, waving both hands in the air, my head down. "That's...no...Cal's married to his profession."

And so am I!

And so am I! "Cal, huh? First name basis already?"

I gave her a heavy-lidded glare. Teasing me right then was a dangerous move. "That's the only name he gave me," I said, though, I wasn't about to tell her he'd told me his given name.

"Whatever. I don't care, but I do know men. Men love their women almost as much as they love their watches. I come with firsthand knowledge of this fact. Mr. Harris collects watches the way I collect shoes, and the blingier the better."

"Great," I said, still reeling over the mental connection I'd made. "So, you're saying Cal has a watch fetish."

"I'm saying," Rosalyn said with a smile, every bit as pleased with herself as I had imagined earlier in the day. "You may not like it, Livy, but you've just snagged yourself a man. He will be coming back. That I can promise you, and you better be ready when he does."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Rosalyn left five minutes later. I turned the lock in the door and shoved what was left of my melting ice cream back into the freezer not long after. Sitting on the couch, in the dark, staring down a watch more expensive than my used Accura in the parking lot, I attempted to analyze everything she said. Over analyze would probably be a more accurate description.

Over The only side of me on duty was my rational side, and she wasn't letting me second guess the decision she had come to. She said overanalyzing and second thoughts were for doubters. And probably losers, too. So, I listened, went straight to my bedroom and yanked open the top dresser drawer. Hiding in the back, snuggled up like a cozy bedfellow with my underwear was the black watch's coconspirator—the plain white business card.

I took both of them—card in one hand, watch in the other—and passed from the kitchen into the laundry room. Here, the apartment complex's standard washer and dryer take up one wall, but what I'd gone in search of was the linen closet where I store all excess pillows, sheets, blankets, and kitchen linens. First, I grabbed a step stool (because I'm short, dammit), stuffed the watch as far to the back of the closet's top shelf as I could, beneath a pile of old blankets I hardly ever use anymore. There it would stay, its alarm tone never to be heard again.

Next, I walked back into the kitchen. That's when Impulsive Me stepped out of the shadows and put up her hand. She told me I was making a mistake, that I'd regret my next move if I made it. And believe it or not, the damn card in my hand was saying the same thing. It called out to me. It begged me to look at it, to memorize the letters and numbers imprinted across it. I ignored her and it, and tossed the card upside down onto the kitchen counter. White cardstock against white porcelain tile in a dark kitchen, it almost disappeared, but I could see the embossed symbols. They screamed at me like little convicts desperate to avoid the noose because they knew what Rational Me had planned.

I touched the card. Like telepathy, it seemed to tell me, What's it going to hurt, Livy? Pick me up, take me to your computer, and use me to shoot a quick email. All you have to do is say hi. God, why did it have to sound like him?

What's it going to hurt, Livy? Pick me up, take me to your computer, and use me to shoot a quick email. All you have to do is say hi. This was going to take more than simple determination. It was going to take a white-knuckled, cold-blooded, bottom-of-the-gut reaction.

I opened the drawer of mixed tools, fumbled for the familiar plastic handle, the one perfectly designed for the thumb and fingers. Not letting myself think too deeply on what I was about to do, I snatched up the card and used the business end of the scissors to cut it to shreds.

Once done, the scissors found their way to the counter with a clatter that might have woken someone had there been anyone else in the apartment but myself. The business card lay in tiny pieces. My hands were shaking again, but I ignored them and quickly swept the remains into the sink. I turned the tap and watched them go down the drain.

It hurt. Kind of like cutting the umbilical cord. But it was a start.

If Cal comes in search of his watch (and I seriously doubt that he will), it won't be because I initiated it.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 11





No doubt you've experienced this...





Someone comes into your life that was never there before, like a new baby, or a new little brother or sister, even a lover. Heck, it could be a dog. Doesn't matter. Before they came along, you didn't know what it was like to have their influence in your life. Everything was hunky-dory before they showed up, right? But then, there they are. Suddenly, this new person or pet or whatever it is, you can't imagine your life without them. You can't even imagine how your life seemed hunky-dory before they popped into your existence.

I already have firsthand experience with this the day my little brother, Baylor, was born. I was eight years old and didn't care that the little shit existed until the day Mom came home from the hospital to tell me I was going to be a big sister. After that, I couldn't live without him.

But that's the worst part about the whole experience, isn't it? The one moment in your life you dread ever happening; that unspoken fear that plays in the back of your mind like a disease—What if they walked out of my life? What if something horrible happened to make me lose him...or her...or it? That person you didn't care a hoot about until they invaded your life, and before whose existence you couldn't say how you survived, is now the person you cannot imagine ever living without.

That's exactly how I feel about my job as a meteorologist!

You have no idea how close I came to being bumped down the ladder of importance after my Monday night on-air fiasco. I know, you're probably saying: "Livy, it wasn't that bad. So you said some stupid shit on-air that didn't mean anything to anybody except for a handful of people. Grow some woman-sized balls and deal with it." But see, here's what you're not taking into consideration—I'm a woman trying to make it in a man-controlled world. Let them detect even a hint of estrogen-induced crazy in you and you will never live it down. I came way too close (pulled-into-the-news-director's-office close) to losing everything I have worked for my entire life.

Over what? A damn man! I don't need that kind of drama in my life. And you wonder why I'm still single?

Hard as it was to do, the shredding of the business card was necessary, not only for the sake of my career but for the sake of my sanity. It was cathartic in a way, like my work. Work is always good medicine. When the mind is bogged down with too much bullshit, work has a way of pushing it all out (cleaning out the bowels of the mind, so to speak) and filling up the space left over with what's important in life. Like more work.

And I've been keeping my mind quite busy.

"Hi, Olivia."

For example, say hello to our new pm sports anchor, Mr. Jansen Jacoby. Mr. Dark, wavy hair. Mr. Square jaw. Mr. Dimples. Mr. Cute.

Cute. "Hey, Jansen. Back for seconds already?"

"Thirds," he said while pouring a wide mug full of steaming coffee.

I've only known him a week, but I'm beginning to think he's addicted to coffee. Or is it the caffeine? He took a straight sip, no sugar, no creamer. Yuck. I think I kept the distaste from curling my good-afternoon smile.

"After the game last night," he said after a sip, "I need it to keep me going."

Yep, it's the caffeine. "Bad run this season, huh?" I guessed. I know baseball about as well as I know watches.

"Ugh," Jansen said. He rolled his brown-sugar eyes, looking acutely perturbed, but it hadn't put a damper on his cuteness. "Don't remind me. I've got to report on it tonight. What about you?"

'Don't remind me ,' I thought while taking a bottled water from the fridge. "Oh, I'm on backup this evening." Which essentially meant I was on probation until I could prove I was "stable." I added the next in a whisper, "...in case Bob gets the runs. Then, I'll be filming a few mid-show spots before tackling late night again. My usual run."

me "stable."

"Oh man, I remember those days. At my last job, we called it 'working the janitor's shift.'" I laughed, he smiled and the shadows found his dimples. "Don't worry, Olivia," he said with a pat on my arm. "Keep working the way you do and you'll get there."

As far as I knew, Jansen Ja cutie had no knowledge of my on-air fiasco, and I would like for it to stay that way. Maybe a pretty smile would blind him to any negative remarks that might have been said about me.

cutie "Thank you! That's so sweet of you to say."

Uh-oh. Pushed the prettiness too far. He shooed my thank you and then he backed out the lounge door with his bowl-sized mug of coffee.

"Aw, no problem. It's encouragement that moves us forward."

I made up for it with words an actual adult might say. "Well then, I'm sure you'll do amazing on your segment this evening no matter how bad the Padres are playing."

That was still just as horrible.

"Wish I had your confidence," he said, slipping through the door before I could say something else to embarrass us both. "Talk to you later."

"Yep." I waved. We parted ways. He to his workstation and me to my mid-afternoon snack of water and granola bar. Yum.

I told myself not to sneak a look at his bum on his way out, but I didn't listen. Jansen didn't wear the typical news anchor attire—dress shirt, suit and tie. Shirt and tie, yes, but every day since he hired on, he wore a light cardigan (no matter the weather; crazy man ) and it usually hugged or rode above his nicely shaped derriere. I rated his bum a seven the first day we met. Not flat, but not quite round enough to suit me.

crazy man Yes, I know what you're thinking. Man drama, Livy! Don't worry. I'm not about to get myself caught up in that again. I haven't started thinking I'm romance-capable. We all know I'm past that point. I have become as useless as a wadded ball of paper. But I'm not dead, you know. I can look. It's somewhat like being an armchair meteorologist. You gauge the forecast by glancing at the stats—temperature, wind direction, chance of rain—and without really delving into the radar or listening to people like me, you go about your day. This was the same. I wasn't delving. I was simply taking a glance at the stats.

Besides, it's been more than three weeks since an Irish gigolo walked into my life, and I've done pretty damn well keeping his memory from twisting my life into an origamic shape. Not all of my distraction methods involved rating the asses of new male employees. There is plenty of work to be found at KCAB. Weather lady isn't my only job. I helped out in other areas, too. Like assisting the forecasting team, or researching weather-related stories, or taking my turn at the assignment desk; generally putting my journalism degree to good use.

Of course, not everyone felt the same as I. I wish I could say I had completely banished him, but some people...and I'm not mentioning names (ahem, Rosalyn)... had yet to let it go. She kept offering to set up another date. I kept refusing. She kept offering to put an ad in the newspaper about the watch to garner what I would call unwanted attention. I again kept refusing. All this because her prediction had not come true. No phone calls have come through to the station in search of a redheaded weather reporter harboring a fugitive black watch. No drop-dead gorgeous gigolos have "come back" for me as promised. Rosalyn was wrong, and she handled being wrong about as well as a prisoner handled being in an iron cage.

Rosalyn)... "come back" Aside from work and Rosalyn, all remained quiet at KCAB. Cal had gone on with his life, and so had I. My life was quiet, once again back on an even keel, just the way I liked it.

Even life home in Iowa had gone back to what it used to be. The family had eventually gotten wind of my slight psychotic break on live television. Of course, how could they not with my mother around. I did call her back, by the way. I had to or she would have hunted me down.



"Are you sure you're okay?"

"Yes, Mom, I'm totally fine."

"Because you didn't sound like yourself."

I wrote it off to a lack of sleep and a winded story about menstrual cramps, both of which eased my mother's worry and revved it up at the same time.

"Why don't you come home for a while, Livy. Take a vacation. You've been gone too long. I haven't seen you in months."

I wouldn't call Mom overprotective. She's just a single woman with too much love for her kids, and maybe a tad too much time on her hands. Since the split, her biggest endeavor has been sculpting. (All the talent went from mom's fingertips and into Baylor's brain. I never saw an ounce of it.)

"I will, Mom. I promise...just not right now." At the time, mending fences at work was all I cared about.

Baylor, on the other hand, thought my foray into brief psychosis was the funniest thing he'd ever seen. He swore I was either drunk or high, or both, and wanted to know when the next party was so he could come. Jerk.

Logan completely understood my explanation, being a mother and a woman, and let me know what she thought of the news director pulling me into his office the next day. "Screw him! That old fucker probably thinks all women should be barefoot, pregnant and cooking dinner." Which made me laugh since that was Logan in a nutshell. "Who cares what any of them think? You rocked that new dress, Ollie, and you looked sexy as hell." (Logan has called me Ollie since we were kids.) What are best friends for, am I right? Not that I agreed with her. Sexy as hell is Logan's realm. Not mine.

Dad's reaction was altogether different. "Lord, Livy, are you sure it was a good idea to go on-air when you knew you weren't feeling well?"

He was probably worried that I'd stained my cloaked halo. (Been there, done that, and nobody could see it anyway, so who cares.) But Dad is a good guy, and he has the greatest sense of humor. When it comes to family and business, though, he's more serious than a heart attack. His worries run a different gamut from mom's. It always comes down to the Morton family name, and everyone back home knows that Olivia Morton, part of the KCAB news team in Sacramento, hailed from the Gypsum Equine Breeding Farm of Fairfield, Iowa. If I looked like a fool, the Mortons as a whole looked like fools.

I took Dad's rebuke as any good daughter would. With a joke. "Well crap, Dad. If I thought getting in front of the camera that night was going to bring out the Baylor in me, I would have taken the night off. I swear." That got a laugh out of him.

It's all in the past now. Water under the bridge. If there are any similar colloquialisms out there, I can't think of them. What's important is that I'm over it. I'm getting on with my life, and if that means I have to make believe my night with a gigolo never happened, or use a cute sports reporter as a distraction, then so be it.

My cell phone was ringing when I got back to my desk. I didn't recognize the number and there was a post-it stuck to my monitor with Rosalyn's curvy script. Come see me, it said. The sight of both had my stomach churning.

Come see me, At the station next to mine, Marc sat preparing the teleprompter script for the evening news. Presently, he stopped and looked up at me. "Are you going to get that?"

I pulled my eyes away from the caller ID and looked at him. We both looked wide-eyed and dorky. "Yeah...in a second."

"Several seconds have already come and gone."

"Shut up, Curly." I would never call him Scooby to his face.

Ian laughed down from the assignment desk above. "She's afraid it's the television police calling to issue her a citation."



The implication was clear. I gave him my best sneer and pushed his head back over the partition. "Shut up, Shaggy." His nickname I could say without fear of retribution or hurt feelings.

I picked up the phone with a barely noticeable tremor and turned away from both of them. "Hello?"

"Hello?" Okay, just shut up all of you. So what if the paranoid part of my brain kept thinking I'd pick up the phone one day to find him on the other end of the line. If it weren't for damn Rosalyn planting that evil seed of thought in my brain, I would never have had this problem. So, leave me alone!

him "Hey, hun, what's up?"

"Oh, hey Dad!" And so what if I felt the tiniest twinge of regret. I'm getting better. "I didn't recognize the number. Where are you?"

"I'm home. I'm calling from Linda's phone."

Ah yes, Linda. Dad's new girlfriend. Haven't technically met her yet. We exchanged a few hellos over Facetime once, but I have heard plenty about her from Dad... and Mom.

and "Oh, okay. What happened to yours?"

He grumbled. "Dropped the damn thing out in the pen yesterday and Cobalt stepped on it."

Cobalt, a spotted blue roan, was one of the ranch's newest and randiest of stud horses. If anybody were going to step on an iPhone with an iron shoe, it would be Cobalt.

"Ouch. Time for a new phone."

"Yeah. Thinking about going with the newest one."

"You? Wanting the newest thing on the market? Nah!" Dad was a sucker for everything new and pretty. Thus, the new girlfriend.

He laughed, probably because I didn't mention the girlfriend, but I think he caught my drift. "Hey, did your mother call you?"

My Mom-radar went active. "No. Why?"

"She has a showing in a couple of weeks."

"She does? She didn't tell me anything about it."

My mom-radar was really starting to ping. Mom never missed a chance to tell me what's going on in her life. She's been dying to have her first real art show. If her dream really had come true, why hadn't I heard from her?

"I just found out from Baylor."

"Weird."

"Yeah, it's weird. He says she's been acting strange for the last couple of days, but when he asks, she acts like nothing's wrong."

"Okay, now I'm worried."

I heard Dad clear his throat. Oh crap. He never did that unless he had something serious to say. I could see him, pacing the living room or the kitchen in his jeans and cowboy boots. It was a Morton family thing whenever one of us was on the phone. We all performed one act or another. I was currently turning little circles beside my desk. Baylor usually sat in a chair and worked his knee like a jackhammer. Dad paced.

"You think maybe she's seeing someone?"

Of all the serious things I thought he might tell me, I wasn't expecting that. In answer, no, I didn't think she was seeing anyone. Mom stilled pined after a man who didn't love her anymore, but I wasn't going to tell Dad that.

"And if she is? What would it matter? You're seeing someone."

You're I'm not going to lie. My parent's divorce still stings. Five years is not nearly enough healing time for two people who had been together as long as they had. And it sure hadn't been enough healing time for Baylor or I.

"Hey, look, I'm just worried about her," Dad said.

"Yeah well, she's not for you to worry about anymore, right?"

A second or two passed in silence. I figured Dad had stopped pacing. He stopped pacing when he was feeling something, and right then, it was probably anger. At me.

"Let's not go there, okay," he said, and yep, I felt like a big stinky horse turd for bringing it up. Dad and I had gone this round a number of times.

I scratched my head. "You're right. I'm sorry. I'm just worried about her, too."

"Why don't you call her, check on her, make sure she's okay."

"Yeah, I will. But I'm not asking her if she's seeing anybody."

"I'm not asking you to," he said with a sigh. "I just want you to check on her because you know, if she does have a show, she'll want you to come up."

"I know, and I'll be there." Movement in my peripheral vision. On the right side was Bob, and his effervescent bob of grey hair, waving me over to the forecasting center. On the left was Rosalyn, waving me over to her office. "Dad, I gotta go. Duty calls."

"Always." Dad was as much a workaholic as I was. "Just don't forget to call your mom."

"I won't."

"Love you. I mean it."

"I love you, too, Dad." And I meant it, as well. Not too many people in this wretched, screwed up world we live in are lucky enough to have a tight-knit family that loves them. Mine might be splintered, but in the Morton world, there is nothing but love. My family will always be the biggest hole in my heart. I don't get to see them enough and when I do, our get-togethers are fleeting.

My heart ached for a few seconds after I hung up the phone. I missed Dad, and Mom, and hated that they weren't simply Mom and Dad anymore. So much had changed in the space of five years and I hadn't been there through most of it. No wonder my mom was so clingy.

In my worry for Mom, I'd forgotten all my other cares, one of which was the current tug of war between my boss and the woman who thought she was my boss. What could Rosalyn want now?

"Hey," Marc said. "Bob the Grey hath summoned thee."

"And I shall answer," I said with my best British accent, to Marc's unbounded delight.

Bob the Grey (Marc and Ian's play on the name Gandalf the Grey), our local prestidigitator of weather, was still trying to get my attention. Holding up one finger (not the bad finger), I told him I'd be there in a second. I pushed aside my worry for Mom, my frustration with the man I loved most in the world, as well as my latent nagging fear of the ringing of the telephone, and glanced over at Rosalyn standing at her open office door with her hands on her hips. I wasn't going to see her first and she knew it.

On my way to see Bob, giving Rosalyn my back, came a third pull on the tug of war. "Olivia." This time it was our office manager. She had the handset of another phone in her hand. "You have a call on line one."

I froze. "Who is it?"

"It's your mother."

How can one experience relief and anxiety simultaneously? I looked at Bob who was looking at his watch. "Tell her, I'll call her right back. Five minutes. Tops!"

For now, work had to come first.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : This was originally a longer chapter, but I've decided to truncate it for Wattpad. Please let me know how you're enjoying A Fantasy Real. I would love to hear from you.

Author's Note Author's Note This was originally a longer chapter, but I've decided to truncate it for Wattpad. Please let me know how you're enjoying A Fantasy Real. I would love to hear from you. A Fantasy Real.





Chapter 12





I almost forgot to call Mom back.

I know! I know! I seriously lack good daughter skills, but I had a very good reason. His name is Bob. Yes, he's older and he's short and he has a bald spot on his head like a Jewish kippah, and when he talks about the weather you'd swear the man had a hard-on, but I think I'm in love with him.

About thirty minutes ago, he pulled me off to the side and told me, "I talked to Anderson, and he's agreed to let me give you a second chance."

My jaw hit the floor. Literally. I might even have a bruise on my chin. "Really?"

"Absolutely," he said with a nod.

"But... But I thought... Well, I mean Anderson said something along the lines of me needing to learn more about on-air accountability and becoming a stable person..." God, that was embarrassing to repeat.

Bob rubbed his brow and gave me a skeptical frown. "Between you and me, that old bastard doesn't know his ass from a hole in the ground."

I kinda laughed, but it came out sounding more like a whimper. "Boy, am I glad to hear someone else say that." After telling my dad what Anderson said, I had to talk him out of hopping a flight just so he could punch the news director in the face.

"We all make mistakes, Olivia. You are an awesome meteorologist and I think it's high time you graduated from intern to a full-time member of our meteorology team."

If I remember correctly, I gave Bob a grizzly bear hug, a kiss on the cheek and told him I'd marry him if I weren't young enough to be his daughter. Yes, it was embarrassing, and yes, I made another fool of myself, but I was too ecstatic to care. It was as if Gandalf the Grey himself had imbued Jansen's words with magic. Everything he said came true.

For a little while, as I hopped about the station on the best high ( not literally), I forgot about Rosalyn and all her little ploys. My fear of a ringing telephone lay dormant in the back of my mind. I didn't even mind that Ian and Marc mocked me with the temporary nickname of Livy Baggins as if I had become Bob the Grey's hobbit protégé.

not None of it really mattered because Jansen was my other good reason for forgetting to call Mom.

"That's awesome," he said after I told him the news. Like I said, I've only known him about a week, but he didn't hesitate to pull me into my second hug of the day. "I knew you could do it. Congratulations, Olivia!"

He was taller than me (who wasn't?), so my chin was resting on his shoulder when I thanked him. I hugged him back. It was nice. He smelled nice, and I thought how nice it would be if he decided he didn't want to let me go when my phone vibrated in my pocket.

Nope. Check that. My dress didn't have pockets.

"Oh, sorry about that." Jansen stepped back and pulled a phone from his pocket.

his "It's okay," I said, watching him glance at his phone. It must have been a text message. As I waited, watching Jansen frown at whatever he read, Marc passed by on his way to lunch with a knowing grin and bobbing eyebrows. Ian wasn't long behind him, walking backward and running one finger across the other, the universal signal for "no-no, bad girl." I tossed both of them a murderous glare.

"Damn."

I straightened my expression quickly while Ian and Marc left laughing. "What? Is everything okay?"

"Nothing that's going to end the world, I guess." Jansen forced a smile. "Catch you later. Congrats!"

I would have given him another corny thank you, but the office manager saved me. "Olivia, it's your mother on the phone again."



"Oh shit! Tell her to hang up. I'm calling her on my cell phone right now."

Grabbing my phone off my desk, I saw I already had several missed calls from her. Mom-radar pinging like a nuclear sub in Jack Ryan movie. I wanted to take this call someplace private as I was probably about to scream in Mom's ear about my good luck, but as I tapped MOM in my favorite-contact list, Rosalyn stepped in front of me.

"Let me talk to you first. All I need is five minutes." She had a red-light warning look on her face and I didn't want to contemplate what it meant. Rosalyn wasn't going to ruin my good day!

I walked around her. "Can't. Family comes first. You know that." And besides, I could hear the dial tone in my ear. I know my mother. She doesn't let it ring long. In fact, Rosalyn was calling my name when she did. I didn't even give Mom a chance to say hello.

"Mom? Oh my God! You are not going to believe it. I have the best news!"

I had found the lounge and was taking a seat when she responded with less enthusiasm than I would have expected from her. "Oh. What would that be?"

I almost didn't know what to say until I remembered what Dad said. She's not herself. Maybe the good news would cheer her up. "Bob the Happy Weatherman just promoted your daughter to one of KCAB's Weather Specialists."

"Oh, baby, I'm so proud of you." That did the trick. "Did that just happen?"

"Yes! That's why I didn't call you back right away. I'm sorry. I kinda forgot."

"I see." There went that unlike-mother tone again. "Is there anything else you've forgotten to tell me?"

Huh?

Huh? "Me? What about you, Mom? I got off the phone with Dad a little while ago. He said you have an exhibit coming up for your sculpting work."

"I was going to call you about that."

" Was going to? You never delay in telling me news, especially when it's good. When did this happen? And when is it so I can plan to come over there?"

Was "Well, I've known for a couple of days now, but I've been too pissed with you to say anything."

If I weren't seated at a table, my jaw would have hit the floor for a second time. "Pissed? With me? What did I do?" I'm a good daughter, dammit. I never do anything to make my mother angry.

Mom sighed. It wasn't her usual sad sigh; the sigh that said she missed her daughter and wanted to see her. This was an angry sigh. "When did you think would be a good time to tell me you were seeing someone, Livy? Were you going to just wait for the exhibit? Or Christmas?"

She couldn't have said what I thought she said. "Mom, what? What are you talking about?"

"Don't lie to me, Olivia Rosamund."

Mom pulled out the middle name as if I were still ten years old. That's when I knew this wouldn't be a good conversation. "I am not lying to you, Mom. Who told you I'm seeing—? Wait a minute. Did Dad put you up to this?" He would use a ploy like that just to get me to finagle an answer out of Mom. "He did, didn't he? He was asking me the same thing about you."

"I have not spoken to your father in— He asked you if I'm seeing someone?"

I'm "Yes," I hesitantly said. Mom sounded strangely curious, but it didn't last long.

"That son of a—I mean, the nerve of that man."

"What did he say?"

"Nothing. I told you, I haven't spoken to him in months, not since he took up with that, that person ." Mom wouldn't even condescend to call Dad's girlfriend a woman, let alone call her by her name.

person

"Well then, where are you getting this crap from?"

Then it hit me all at once, like a big curvy news anchor in a tight red dress. Mom didn't have to say a thing, but she did anyway.

"I spoke to Rosalyn yesterday."

The room spun. The fridge, the tables, the plain grey walls all become a blur. All I could see was Rosalyn stepping in front of me holding up five fingers. Five fingers which stood for five minutes. Five minutes in which she would confess to me that she told my mother about Cal. That bitch! How had I not seen that coming? How could I have been so stupid? Mom and Rosalyn became fast friends the day Mom came down to help me get settled in Sacramento. They had each other on speed dial, no doubt, and there were ulterior motives buried in their fast friendship. Mom needed an inside source into my life, and Rosalyn liked to have an inside source for her dirt.

"She said you've been seeing a man for several weeks now. You know how important your happiness is to me, Livy. Why would you keep something like that a secret, and from your own mother?"

I didn't know how to answer her. Should I lie? Should I tell her the truth? Should I tell her to hold one second while I hunt Rosalyn down and choke the life out of her?!

I do know how important my happiness is to Mom, and if Rosalyn considered herself such a friend, she would have too. Mom lives for my happiness. Before the divorce, she was content to let me lead my life the way I wanted (running off to college, making my own way in life, the two years I spent with sweet Dean), but after, she changed. She became fragile, so unlike the tough woman I grew up knowing, that she could no longer focus on her own happiness. She didn't believe she could ever be happy again, so she doted on Baylor and I, threw all her hopes on our future. For Baylor, she wanted the career and the comfortable life. For me, she wanted a happy marriage and more kids she could dote on.

do such There wasn't an inch about this that Rosalyn didn't already know. What the hell was she thinking?

"Livy? I'm talking to you. Now you answer me. Why would keep this from me?"

"I...Mom..."

"Is he good to you? Please tell me he's not abusive and that's why you haven't said anything."

I held my forehead in one shaky palm. "No, Mom. It's not...he's...um..." Oh God, what do I do?! I sunk in my chair. My good day just went bad. "He's a good guy, Mom. I'm sorry I didn't tell you." I sent a silent scream into the air and clutched the table in a death grip, wishing it was Rosalyn's throat.

Oh God, what do I do?! Mom released her pent up anxiety in one heavy sigh. "I can't believe you wouldn't tell me about this."

And I didn't want to imagine what she must have been thinking about me since Rosalyn opened her goddamn mouth! "I'm sorry, Mom. I didn't want you to get your hopes up. I wanted to be sure, you know, about him."

"What's his name? What is he like? Rosalyn said something about him being Irish."

I had to pull the phone away. It burned. Seconds later, Mom was saying my name over the distance of air between the phone and my ear. "It's...C-Cal." I cringed. My face met the tabletop with a bonk. It was a struggle just to keep my voice normal. "Yeah, he's...um...Irish. He's a really nice guy. You'd like him."

I know she would, minus the gigolo bit.

"I'm so happy for you, Livy." I couldn't tell if she meant it or not. She sounded as uncertain as I did. "You'll bring him with you to the exhibit, won't you?"

Shit! Shit! Shit!

Shit! Shit! Shit! "Yeah, sure. I was going to talk to him about it tonight, actually." I heard the clomping of heels enter the lounge door behind me.



"Well, tell me all about him. Send me a picture or something."

I was tempted to look over my shoulder, but the idea of looking at that red demon right then was sending me into fits. For the sake of my mother and my sanity, I had to ignore her.

"I will, Mom. Look, I've gotta go. Can I call you tonight and get all the details about the showing from you then? We can make arrangements for me to come up and spend a week or something." And I'll spend the entire time explaining to my mother why an Irish someone hadn't come with me.

Mom and I ended our conversation on a better note than it began—her, super stoked to meet a boyfriend I didn't have, and me, super pissed that I had to tell the most egregious lie I believe I've ever told anyone in my entire life. And to the woman who gave birth to me and always taught me to be honest in every endeavor of all people. I hate myself!

"Livy?"

And I hate Rosalyn Harris.

"Let me explain—"

"Do not speak to me." I stood. The chair scraped back and almost fell over. "Not right now."

Without looking at her, I walked out of the room and out of the building.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Life is about control. I know I said that life is hunky-dory, but it hardly ever is. Sure, it might seem that way at first, when you have a solid family life and your biggest worry as a teenage girl was that your stinky little brother was going to one day hijack your room and dig into all your things and read your diary, learn about all the guys you were hot for in school, then laugh at you and tell Mom and Dad. This all changes when you become an adult. The cutsie things about growing up go away and you have to face the reality of what it means to be an adult. Your little brother isn't stinky anymore. He's actually a handsome young man that girls ogle and giggle over, even if he looks like he fell out of an 80's Bon Jovi music video. Your own life is no longer about your best friends and your bedroom posters and the Jonas Brothers, or that cute guy at school. It's about work and moving up in the world.

Then, one day, the two people who you think are more in love than Johnny Cash and June Carter, and will be together forever like Hume Cronyn and Jessica Tandy, decide one day to call it quits. And your life falls apart.

So, what do you do when your life falls apart? You look for a way to keep it together, to control it. And that's what I've done. That's what I do .

do It took two good hours of riding around town to calm myself. I didn't abandon my job. I called, said I had a doctor's appointment I'd forgotten about and prescriptions to pick up. It was almost true. The appointment was with my medicine cabinet and the prescription was the mound of aspirin I took to alleviate a stress headache. I then spent the thirty minutes in between with my face buried in the cushions of my couch, suppressing the need to scream like a two-year-old who had her favorite dolly taken away.



Eventually, however, I was able to pick myself up, go into the bathroom, wash away the ridiculous 'what-the-hell-am-I-going-to-do-now' tears, reapply my makeup and pull it all back together. When complete, I saw a different woman from the one who had first stepped in front of the mirror. This one was in control and she had a job to do.

I went back to the station after stopping for a bite to eat (I couldn't stomach any more than fries and a soda). No one in the building besides she who shall not be named (yes, she had become like Lord Voldemort to me) knew of my inner turmoil. Everyone believed my life was hunky-dory.

she who shall not be named Having control also means you can take that inner turmoil and put it aside; forget about it for a while. The all too Happy Weatherman would expect it. I had to keep reminding myself that Anderson didn't know his ass from a hole in the ground. Olivia Morton, the station's newest weather specialist must appear not only stable but appear that she understood the importance of on-air accountability. I couldn't let Bob down. I couldn't let myself down.

myself So, Rosalyn and her mischief were forgotten. Temporarily.

I didn't have to go on-air for the six o'clock segment, thank God. There's only so much one's personal control can handle. I still had to work behind the scenes, though; making sure Bob's on-air stint went smoothly. That wouldn't happen if I were distracted. So, I waited off-camera just in case, listening to his forecast, schooling myself on his pacing, and even learning a few things in the process. I didn't let the cool eye of the evil anchor behind the news desk affect me, but I guarantee you I did not hesitate to sneak her the stink eye whenever the camera was trained on her. With Sacramento staring her down, she couldn't retaliate.

stink Having control also meant that what one person did to ruin your day wasn't allowed to affect how you dealt with others, even the person who ruined your day. Everyone had to see that I was still the happiest person alive. I had been promoted in a field that I'd probably been in love with since the moment I was born. I couldn't let what she did, or its future ramifications, affect my current situation. I needed a way to pull myself out this anxiety-laden funk, and to pretend that the red dress and dark hair hunting me down out of the corner of my eye was not in fact there.

If anyone could distract me from my approaching nemesis (should I call her Rozdemort or Voldelyn? ), it was the man removing his cardigan on his way out for the evening. Forget Calgon. Ja cutie take me away!

Rozdemort or Voldelyn? cutie "See, Jansen," I said as I approached him near the exit, ignoring her and concentrating on someone worth looking at. "I said you would do an amazing job, and you did. Padres be damned."

her "They probably are at this rate," he said with a laugh, placing his often worn cardigan on a felt hanger on the coat rack, alongside several actual coats left over from cooler temperatures. "Thanks, Olivia. It turned out a lot better than I thought it would."

"Just returning the favor. My magical words for yours."

"What?" He wore an equally magical grin that dimpled his cheeks.

And I got an awesome little heart flutter out of that grin. "You told me that if I keep working hard, I'd get there...and poof! I'm there. Magic!"

"Ah, I get it. Thank you for the complimentary magic, Olivia."

"You're welcome." I could feel Voldelyn's eyes on me like a couple of boring lasers, which made what I was about to do all the more satisfying. I tucked an errant hair behind my ear, put on my prettiest smile and...

"So, um, I was thinking maybe, if you're not busy tomorrow night, maybe you could thank me with a drink."

Yes, I said "maybe" twice in one sentence, but I wasn't really thinking about grammatical correctness whilst asking a man out on a date. That was a true first for me, and this had certainly been my month for firsts. Oh, but the high was da bomb! I felt one hundred percent like a sophisticated modern woman, and I bet it hit Rozdemort right in her little matchmaker's heart.



One problem, though. Jansen made a face. "I'd like to but, I'm going to be tied up tomorrow night."

"I hope you don't mean that literally." Control helped me not to take the rejection like a kick in the gut.

"No." The face he made—a wince, a grimace, whatever it was—went away when he laughed. Jansen probably just didn't want to hurt my feelings, but then his eyes went wide like a light bulb going off in his head. "Hey, you know what? Do you like performance art?"

That was random.

"Yeah." I would have asked what kind of performance art, seeing as how there were so many different kinds, but I didn't want to sound too picky if he were about to ask me out.

"Cool, then I know exactly how to thank you. Remember earlier, when I got that text message?"

I nodded a bit too enthusiastically.

"I had bought two tickets for a show this Saturday in San Francisco weeks ago. My friend had just canceled on me while we were talking. It's probably too late to sell them on such short notice, and I really don't want to go alone. Would you like to come with me?"

Someone nearby was clearing her throat and quickly gathering her things at the door. It was no secret she disliked that I'd taken so quickly to Jansen, but I didn't care. My heart was doing a little dance in my ribcage.

"I have nothing planned this Saturday night. I'd love to!"

How pleased was Voldelyn when she heard what I had to say? Answer: not pleased at all. I heard a muffled harrumph nearby.

"Yeah?" Jansen asked.

"Yeah, some people around here think I don't get out much. It'll be fun. Hell, I'll even pay you for my ticket."

"You'd do that?"

Ja cutie smiled, Rozdemort (I think I like that one best) tossed a purse strap over her shoulder and headed for the door with her dark eyes staring straight ahead. Jansen threw a "Goodnight, Roz" over his shoulder and she returned in kind, but he never seemed to notice that she had excluded me from her well wishes.

cutie So much the better, I say. Jansen, however, seemed completely captivated by our date plans. Or was it I who had completely captivated him? Hmmm.

"Wait, what I am saying?" he said as if he'd actually considered it for a second and had to shake the thought out of his head. "Of course, you're not paying for the ticket. Are you crazy? Though, if it'll make you feel better, I'll let you buy dinner."

"Um..." Okay. Awkward.

He caught my confusion and grinned. Dimples galore! "Oh, come on now, Olivia. You can't go to the Orpheum Theatre without getting dinner before, right?"

"The Orpheum Theatre?"

Holy Toledo, that place is older than my parents. It had real history, had withstood nearly an entire century of earthquakes. Conan O'Brien used to hang out there for The Late Show. I think I could take a hit for women everywhere in this instance.

"You bet I'll buy you dinner. What time? What show?"

Jansen threw a thumb over his shoulder. "I've got to get home, but why don't I call you later and we'll make plans."

We exchanged phone numbers, each of us texting the other to save it to our contacts. When Jansen left for the evening, saying "Goodnight" and grinning from ear to ear (yes, I brought out those dimples, thank you), I was grinning from ear to ear, too. This was the best thing to happen to me all afternoon. I almost danced all the way back to my desk. After the day I had, I needed this twist of good luck, even if Jansen had rejected my initial request for a date. One chunk of bad news sandwiched in between two bits of good news was better than I could have hoped for in one day.

For a little while, I could ignore the rift Rosalyn had put in our friendship, and for a few more hours, put aside the gnawing worry of how to handle the Mom-issue, which was also my continuing Cal-issue. Several weeks from now, I might be wishing I was in a pine box in the middle of a cornfield, but come Saturday night I wasn't going to have a care in the world.

I have myself a date!



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : One of our most famous meteorologists here in Southern Louisiana is Bob Breck from FOX8. He's retired now, but I rescued him from retirement just for the sheer joy of writing him into my story. Miss you, Bob!

Author's Note Author's Note One of our most famous meteorologists here in Southern Louisiana is Bob Breck from FOX8. He's retired now, but I rescued him from retirement just for the sheer joy of writing him into my story. Miss you, Bob!





Chapter 13





Here's an odd bit of useless information for you. There are eighteen Orpheum Theatres in the United States, two of them in the state of California alone. There's also one in San Francisco and another in Los Angeles. There are two more in my home state of Iowa, believe it or not (because I didn't). I only recently discovered this seemingly unknown fact on the internet, and here I've been, chatting up my trip to the Orpheum Theatre as if it were some super famous locale like Radio City Music Hall or something. I feel like such a dweeb.

However, before you San Francisco Orpheum critics out there start beating me over the head for showing a hideous lack of respect, let me clear the air. So what if I felt duped after learning the theatre was but one of a number of siblings across the country. Doesn't mean I was any less awed. The place took my breath away.

That's the best you're going to get in the way of descriptive prose out of me, though. If you want to read about the building's history or its palatial twelfth-century Spanish interior, either you'll have to hire somebody who knows their stuff when it comes to evoking a sense of wonder and mystery with their words, or you'll have to go to the Orpheum yourself. Although I can say, as soon as I walked through those magnificently carved doors, it was like stepping into another time.

I've never been much of a theatergoer. The movies, yeah. Take me to the cinema any day. But to make the pointed effort of going to see a Broadway play or musical, not me. Remember, I'm a homebody. Once I was there, however, I didn't know why I never took the time. Walking forward really had been like stepping backward in this place. My eyes swept over all the intricate detail that had been lovingly and painstakingly created to give the feel of an ancient Spanish palace. From the artwork and the sculptures on the wall (Mom would have loved it) to the sun motif chandelier on the ceiling in the auditorium. Breathtaking!

Jansen had been to the Orpheum on more than one occasion, so the sights didn't astound him as they did me, but he sure got a kick out of my childish wonder. He must have laughed at me a million times while I pointed and gasped at features here and there, exclaiming the theatre's beauty in a variety of expressions: "Oh wow, look at that!" "Oh my God, that's beautiful!" "Look at that sculpted balcony! My Mom would freak!"

"You're like a kid walking into Disney World for the first time," he said.

"I've never been to Disney World."

That made him frown. "What sort of sad, twisted childhood did you have?" To which I laughed.

Being with Jansen was almost as breathtaking. The more I learned about him, the more I liked him. He was a funny guy. Quick with a joke, as you can tell, but also super attentive. He let me pick the restaurant we went to (since I was paying and hadn't had good Italian in a while), pulled out my chair when the waiter seated us, opened the passenger door of his vehicle to let me in before going around to the driver's side, and made sure no matter where we went, he was the one who opened the door for me. Jansen was the king of gentlemen. I'm not putting that mildly, either. It was almost too perfect, but then, so was the evening.

I'm not complaining. I can look past the excess perfection and gentlemanliness beyond prudence. (He never laid a hand on me. Not once. Not on the drive, not at the restaurant and not while we sat waiting for the show to start. I didn't get so much as a handshake.) After the week I had endured, you bet I could look past the lack of touchy-feelies. Spending the evening with Jansen was like stepping out of the fiery pits of hell to bask in the cool breeze of heaven, and I basked like a mad woman.

My reasons were simple. A few unwelcome thoughts continued to loiter like groupies in the back of my mind. I didn't dwell on them (couldn't really, not with all there was to see), but they were there like snapshots, not to be forgotten. One of those nagging thoughts was Mom, and spending every day since the nasty shock she laid on me coming up with new and interesting ways to put off introducing her to someone who didn't exactly exist. And Mom was starting to get suspicious.



The first night was, "No, Mom I don't have a picture of him yet. Why? Because he doesn't like having his picture taken. He's very private that way."

Why? The next night went something like, "Oh sorry, Mom, I'd let you talk to him, but he just left. He has an early start tomorrow."

And the following night, "No, Mom he's not here right now. He doesn't spend every waking moment with me. He's a very busy man."

Each assuaging comment she met with an "Oh..." and thereafter, a cautious silence. If suspicion had a stench, I would have smelled it through the phone line.

My Mom, more curious than a cat with one life left. One evening, she finally proved it by deciding to bite on all the paltering hints I put out there. And she bit rather quickly the last time as if to see how quickly I would answer.

"Well, what does he do for a living?"

She had been careful in the days prior not to ask too many questions. She didn't want to seem as if she were prying, even though she wanted to know everything there was to know about him, down to his first tetanus shot. All of which were questions I had no answer to. Except that one. My response?

"Um, he's kind of a jack of all trades."

An apt description for a man of Cal's many skills, but also a prime example of how one lie can turn into another lie, and then another, until the lies compound into one big snowball that, when it hits you in the face, might break your jaw. In this case, my mother's jaw.

Thus, another unwelcome thought came in the form of a question: What to do?

With each day that passed, the lies got more and more out of hand. For a little while I thought, If things go well on our date, maybe Jansen would be willing to help me out. Until I remembered Jansen wasn't any more Irish than Arnold Schwarzenegger, nor did he have the acting chops to pretend to be someone like Cal.

If things go well on our date, maybe Jansen would be willing to help me out. Forcing myself to face Rosalyn didn't help to settle my dilemma either. I'd caught her in the lounge one afternoon when everyone else was out of earshot.

"You realize you made me lie to my mother."

"So, you're speaking to me now?"

"Not like I have a choice. We do work together, and now that I've been promoted, we'll probably be working together a lot more."

"Yes, I heard," she'd said, shaking up her afternoon power smoothie. "Congratulations on moving up in the world, and on your date."

and I swatted her last word out of the air when what I wanted to do was swat her, right across the face. I came to say what I had to say. I wasn't discussing anything else.

" My mother , Rosalyn. Why would you lie to her? Why would you make me lie to her?"

My mother me "It's not like it was really a lie, now was it?"

"The hell it wasn't." I wanted to raise my voice, but I forced myself to whisper, albeit vehemently. She looked around anyway as though someone would hear. What would it matter when she'll probably blab it to everyone before the end of the week. "When I'm forced to tell my mom I'll bring my imaginary boyfriend with me to her exhibit in a couple of weeks, I'm telling a damn big lie."

She gave a frustrated sigh. "It was an accident. I didn't mean to tell her. It just kinda...slipped out."

"Slipped out? She knew more about him than she should ever have. How does that just slip out ?"

slip out She shook her head, shuffling the smoothie bottle from one hand to the other. "I knew you weren't going to believe anything I said."

"Why the hell should I, Roz? I know exactly what you're trying to do, and it's not going to work. Cal and I knew each other for four hours. Count'em." I held up four fingers. "That does not equate to a relationship. And now, because you opened your mouth, I have to break my mother's heart and tell her the truth wrapped in a lie . You know what that's going to do to her?"

wrapped in a lie

"Livy, it's not like I can't contact him for you again. My friend—"

I'd put up both hands as if I had a mutant power which could stop her from speaking. " No. This is on you. Accept it."

No. "Fine," she said, one hand on her hip. "I will call her and tell her I made a mistake."

"It's too late for that now. She already knows his name. She already thinks he's coming. She's even expecting a picture of him that I'll have to think of a reason for not having."

Rosalyn slammed her smoothie down on a nearby countertop. "Okay, you don't make any sense. Why would you tell her all that? Why didn't you tell her the truth to begin with?"

"What was I supposed to tell her, Roz? That you lied to her?"

That put Rosalyn in her place. Her dark skin shown with a hint of rosiness in her cheeks, and I was sure it wasn't makeup. At least she had the gumption to be embarrassed. It was good to know I wasn't the only one capable of making a fool of myself.

"No," she eventually said, softer than a mouse.

"I wouldn't do that to you, Roz, and I will not do it to Mom."

Lips pursed in embarrassment, Rosalyn said, "Then, what are you gonna do?"

"Right now, I've got to get back to work."

"That's not what I mean, and you know it."

not "All I know is, Saturday I'm going on a date. A real date that no one can take credit for acquiring but me. Whatever happens after that, I'll deal with it when I come to it."

real I started to walk out of the lounge and away from her when she called my name. I came to a dead stop. "What?"

"I'm sorry, okay." Real regret had shown itself in the glistening of Rosalyn's eyes. "I screwed up, and I'm sorry. You're not the only one who's gotta deal with it."

Why is it, when I finally give someone a piece of my mind, I always end up regretting it? I'm like a serial killer with a remorseful side. Still, I wasn't ready to accept her apology.

"Yes, I am the one who'll have to deal with it. You won't. I'm also the one who'll have to live with it when I see Mom in a couple of weeks. Think about that the next time you plan my birthday present, Roz."

live with it I left without giving her the forgiveness she wanted, and in the end, felt like the bad guy. We haven't talked much with each other since, except for the times when we were on-air together, and then it's all pretend. We talk of weather or some upcoming event in town the weather might affect. I've learned something about myself in all this. Not "being real" is something I'm quite capable of, as well.

So, that's my baggage. Tell me about yours. Boy, do I wish you could. I could use some sympathy right now.

You know what? Scratch that! We're talking about Saturday night, the night of my self-acquired date. I wore a cute red dress with a frilly skirt and a sleeveless top, which I'd topped with a black fitted jacket. (Logan helped me pick it out over Facetime. Her fashion sense knows no bounds, and she was super excited to learn I had a date. Though, getting her help only worsened my already compounded lies. Not only did I swear Mom to secrecy about my "boyfriend," I swore Logan to secrecy about my date with a co-worker, because Mom thought I was going out with someone else. I also promised to get a picture. Ugh!) I was in a breathtaking theatre. I was with a handsome man who was taking me to see probably the most popular Broadway musical this year. I wasn't thinking about Rosalyn and her mischief. I wasn't thinking about what the next few weeks were going to bring in terms of ripping my mother's heart out of her chest like that poor guy in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom. Nor was I thinking about that "come to it" moment, that future time and place where I would decide, "This is how I'll handle my current conundrum."

Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.

Nope. I was way too busy following Jansen down the aisle of an absolutely awe-inspiring auditorium, my sight glued like a couple of doe-eyed magnets to the artwork on either side of the stage. I'm not going to get technical in my descriptions, but inside was a combination of the old gothic cathedral style mixed with Middle Eastern arches and conical towers which would have made Mom wet herself if she saw it.

Jansen led me through the throngs of people finding their seats to ours on the far left of the stage, one row back. Sure, I would have preferred if he held my hand and made me feel like a real date than a chick he took to a show, but again, for the majesty of the experience, I could overlook it.

A few minutes later, the lights dimmed (save for a few that emanated from the sun-shaped chandelier shimmering on the walls of the auditorium), the crowd hushed, the stage curtain rose upon a brick wall façade with wooden decks, and a black man came out of stage right wearing 18th century clothing, not singing, but rapping...

"How does a bastard,

"How does a bastard, orphan,

orphan, son of a whore and a Scotsman,

son of a whore and a Scotsman, dropped in the middle of a forgotten

dropped in the middle of a forgotten spot in the Caribbean by providence,

spot in the Caribbean by providence, impoverished,

impoverished, in squalor,

in squalor, grow up to be a hero and scholar?"

grow up to be a hero and scholar?" I know I said I'm not much for the theatre, and I'm even less for musicals. Rogers and Hammerstein be damned! However, when the first act of Hamilton began, a buzz of electricity moved through the room that I could actually feel. Jansen was right. I was like a kid, lost in the magic. I couldn't stop myself from breaking the supposed cardinal rule of our first date. I grabbed his hand and gave it a squeeze. He didn't fuss, but he did laugh at me as one 18th century rapper after the next popped onto the stage and delivered the next rhythmical lyric. When the star of the show appeared, singing his character's name, I scarcely felt Jansen remove his hand. Remember, I was lost in the magic of the show. It was here I guess I can truly say I didn't think about my troubles. For a little while, they sat down back there and behaved themselves. They were probably lost in the magic, too.

Hamilton Troubles, though, always seemed to find a way back, and they made sure they reasserted themselves during the intermission.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. The lyrics "the world turned upside down" were still ringing in my ears when the curtain dropped on act one. It wasn't the last number, but it was the one that would stick with me the rest of the evening because my world was about to turn upside down. I just didn't know it yet.

"the world turned upside down" Over thunderous applause, Jansen leaned in and said, "Enjoying it?"

"What? Oh man, that was like... wow. I feel like I need to scream now."

wow. Jansen showed me his dimples. "I guess that about sums it up," he said, and we both laughed.

What else could I say? I'm only good at reporting the weather. Besides, I had to pee like a racehorse.

"How long is the intermission?"

Jansen scoured the playbill. "Uh...about fifteen minutes."

I frowned. Not much time. "I'm going to hit the ladies room, then. Be right back."

"Want a drink when you come back?"

"If you're buying, the answer is yes."

I gave Jansen another little hand squeeze and made my way back through the throngs, hoping he didn't mind that I wanted to touch him. It's like the feeling you get when you know you can't have something. Like dieting or trying to quit smoking. Suddenly, you crave whatever it is you can't have. Same thing here. Jansen didn't seem to like overt displays of affection, but I grew up in a family where if you weren't hugging or squeezing on somebody there was something wrong with you. Maybe that was why I felt the need to force physical contact. Jansen is a handsome man, and strangely enough, I tend to find myself attracted to handsome men. He didn't only make for the perfect distraction.

I pushed that final thought out of my mind and went in search of the ladies room. Lo and behold, while men popped in and out of the bathroom like flies on and off a corpse, I had to wait in a line for my relief. Thank God it was a short one or I would have done the pee-pee dance while waiting. I distracted myself by listening to everyone talk about the play so far. Some of the women were praising the musical numbers, some the dancing, but pretty much all of them were in agreement on the actors, particularly the star of the show. I had only glanced at the playbill, and I didn't remember the actors' names, but I figured the one they kept referring to as Lin-Manuel was Hamilton.

By the time I'd overheard enough conversations to realize the actor had more creds under his belt than Broadway (the man had even lent his voice and musical talent for a scene in the last Star Wars movie), my bladder was experiencing blissful relief. While enjoying the renewed sensation of lightness, I didn't register the annoying voice that entered the bathroom until I overheard her belittling the show. I had no idea who owned the high pitched and nasal voice, but she wasn't short on her criticism. She didn't approve of the rapping or the use of swear words, and she called it historically inaccurate. I wanted to call out, Seriously, lady? It's a freaking musical! But I held my tongue and kept my toilet seat, at least until my bladder was once again happy.

Star Wars Seriously, lady? It's a freaking musical! Washing my hands like a good girl, I checked my hair and makeup in the mirror to make sure I still looked pretty for Jansen, all while I and several other women attempted to ignore the annoying hag now arguing with some other woman through the stall. Her voice was like the grating of nails across a chalkboard. I had to get the hell out of there! I practically ran out of the ladies room, feeling sorry for whoever had to sit next to that woman during the show, when across the way my eyes fell upon a sight I never thought to see again in a million years.

Tall, slender, wearing the same grey suit our night together had imprinted on my mind, and which made his ice-blue eyes stand out like neon lights, was the very man who had turned my world upside down. He was leaning against the wall, hands stuffed in the pockets of his trousers, suit coat tucked behind his arms (a stance he seemed fond of), and watching the crowds slowly mill back into the auditorium.

It was my ginger gigolo. It was Cal.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : I've not seen Hamilton , but I sure would love to. Here are the few videos I found of the musical with Lin-Manuel Miranda:

Author's Note Author's Note : I've not seen Hamilton , but I sure would love to. Here are the few videos I found of the musical with Lin-Manuel Miranda: Hamilton

This one has explicit lyrics, so listen with caution:

This one has explicit lyrics, so listen with caution:





Chapter 14





My heart stopped.





Isn't that the romance novel phrase for feeling the world fall out from under you? It's the same as the moment in a movie when a significant event happens in the main character's life. The camera zooms in and focuses on the actor, while the background appears to distort and regress. The "vertigo effect," I think it's called, but I didn't think it was possible to experience it in real life.

The area bustled with people coming to and from the auditorium, but the only one with substance was the man I'd been trying to run away from since I met him. Cal was exactly as I remembered him. Not one thing had changed. His hair was thicker and longer, perhaps, and he lacked that Cheshire-cat grin I'd relished, but everything else was the same. The gentle hint of an Irish ginger. The subtle stubble on his cheeks. The casual confidence. All those things about him I couldn't banish thanks to Rosalyn and my own incessantly turbulent mind.

My focus seemed to pull him closer to me than away, but he never moved so much as an inch. At the same time, I knew if I didn't get moving he would look this way. He would see me. He would see the effect the mere sight of him had on me. He would see my shocked and desperate desire. But I could hardly move one leg in front the other. I wasn't only experiencing the vertigo effect, I had also become stuck in another famous camera trick. Slow motion. I froze mid-step. Voices around me muffled and warped. People passed me in a blur. Cal was my focus, and I couldn't have made good an escape fast enough if I tried.

Two blue eyes found me standing like a statue in the middle of a moving museum. As quickly as the world froze, it resumed its normal pace. People passed by me on their way back to the auditorium. Voices bombarded the space between here and there. Despite every moving distraction between us, Cal's expression was not lost on me. Unblinking eyes. Mouth slightly open. Recognition pulled back the muscles of his finely contoured features. Cal was as shocked as I was, and maybe even just as moved.

"Livy."

Three weeks since...no. Had it been four? I couldn't remember, but I had not forgotten the sound of his voice. There had been a few mornings, upon waking, when I could recall his Irish echo in my ears. Its effect was hypnotic. I forgot about everything: the troubles knowing him had started with Rosalyn and Mom, the play, my promotion, Jansen.

Jansen who?

Cal was crossing the crowds toward me. I couldn't breathe. For one crazy moment, I thought when we met he wouldn't stop. He would blend into me seamlessly as though we were to be not two individuals but one. Though, a couple of feet from me, Cal stopped with enough space to keep anyone from passing between us but not enough to touch one another. (When am I ever going to learn? Once you imagine a thing, it will never come to pass.) I was imagining this. The man who had undone me with the most passionate kiss of my life could not be looking at me as if he had found something he'd lost.

"How are you?"

I felt the ache in his voice. It hurt.

"Um..." Finding my own voice was harder to do. "Good. I'm good."

"I'm glad."

"H-How are you?" We were two people who hadn't seen each other in a while, saying hello. That was all.

Cal opened his mouth. Closed it. Shrugged. "I'm good." Whatever he was going to say, he changed his mind. "It's really good to see you, Livy."

"You, too, Cal."

I had never wanted this to begin, and yet I also had this horrible sensation this was how it would end. We'd say our goodbyes again and that would be it. But both of us lingered, looking at each other, looking away, looking at each other. It was sad. I had once been more intimate with this man than I ever had with anyone else. We had shared with each other a little bit of who we are, and we were suddenly tongue-tied like a couple of strangers. Was that a good thing, or a bad thing? What did it mean? I still don't know.



Cal grabbed at the first straw. "I see you've spent the gift card well."

He must have meant my red dress. "Oh, this. I actually bought it this afternoon...with my own money." I hadn't meant for it to come out as mean sounding as it did. "I'm sorry."

Cal shook his head. "Doesn't matter. You look beautiful. Red's your color, Livy. You should wear it more often."

Well, if that wasn't like Cal. Hadn't seen each other in weeks, and the first thing he did was give me advice.

Wait a minute. This was more awkward than if we would have been standing naked in front of a crowd of theatergoers. Actually, no, that would be way more awkward, but it still didn't make any sense that we should be standing here talking about my dumb dress when there was so much else we could say to each other. I'm not a mind reader or a heart reader, but seeing him again, there was no way I had misunderstood him the night he left me alone in a hotel room. He had been swathed in shadows, but the reverence on his face then was the exact expression he now wore, and my heart was pounding as much as it had then. This was the real Cal, the one who wore his heart on his sleeve.

Oh God, he missed me.

I took a step toward him. "Cal, I—"

I don't remember what I was going to say. A nasal and annoyingly high-pitched voice ripped the rest of the words right out of my mouth.

"There you are!"

Cal winced. The nail-grating-over-chalkboard-voice I'd heard in the bathroom, "the hag," was snaking an arm around Cal's waist.

"I've been looking for you all over the place, Sexy." The woman who swatted at Cal playfully, and who wasn't a hag by any means, turned a derogative glance my way. "Who is this?"

How could I have forgotten? Cal is a gigolo, and he was obviously working. My stomach hurt.

The hag (let's call her what she is) was older than Cal by probably ten or fifteen years, but shaped like a racetrack and wearing a tight, low cut dress to prove it. I saw more of this woman's fifty-year-old, surgically altered boobs in the soft light of the theatre than I'd ever want to see in the cold light of day. Based on the stylish haircut, the professional black dye job, the rings on her fingers and the bling-bling around her neck, this woman had clearly been conceived and birthed upon a bed of hundred-dollar bills. I couldn't help but wonder how much she was paying him, and then quickly wished I had never thought it.

Cal met my eyes over the hag's head, and what I saw in them was an apology. Even as I stared at him, wondering, not if, but when it was going to happen, the real Cal dissolved into the man I'd first met that night at O'Henry's, with the smoldering good looks and the salacious grin. Mr. Gigolo. His hand went around her waist, where it fit quite nicely. She was suddenly the only woman in the room. I thought of the woman at the bar, and how I would have felt had he walked out with her instead of me. Looked like my sad imaginings had come true.

her "Megan, this is Olivia," Cal said in his confident gigolo voice. I hadn't realized there was a difference until now. "Olivia, this is Megan."

The hag's frown hadn't gone away. "Hello." Neither had her ear-grating voice.

"Nice to meet you." Pleasant as I was, that sounded eerily too close to, I hate your guts, whore.

I hate your guts, whore. "Olivia is an old friend of mine. I haven't seen her in some time." Cal squeezed the hag's hip, getting her attention. "Perhaps you recognize her from Sacramento's evening news."

Megan rolled her eyes and gave me a smirk that said she could care less. "I don't watch the news, Sweetheart. Boring as hell, if you ask me."

I smirked back. She hadn't meant the news. The way she looked me up and down said so.



"You know what," I began before either of them could get another word in. What I wanted to say was, I'm not going to stand here and be jealous of a woman who looks like she crawled out of the plastic surgeon's office. This is beneath me. I am a better person, a better woman than this, and I deserve better.

I'm not going to stand here and be jealous of a woman who looks like she crawled out of the plastic surgeon's office. This is beneath me. I am a better person, a better woman than this, and I deserve better. But I didn't say that. I had hurt Cal enough with my words in the past and I wasn't going to do it again, no matter how much he was hurting me. What I said was, "I need to get back to my seat. Someone's waiting for me."

"Olivia," Cal said. I heard the orchestra warming up in the auditorium. All I wanted to do was leave, but I gave him his chance. "I wanted to ask you; the last time we saw each other..." Some thought played on the edge of his lips, something he wanted to say, but like before, he changed his mind. "I may have misplaced a watch. Black, with a silver face. You wouldn't have seen it, would you?"

And it was his last chance. He knew it, too. I saw it behind the gigolo veneer. Couldn't really blame him, though, could I? Cal seemed content to play his part. I just as soon let him.

"A watch? No. I guess you lost it. Sorry."

"That's too bad," he said, and I think he understood exactly what I meant. "I really liked that watch."

"Good to see you, Callum." I meant it, too. Despite everything, it was good to see him again.

I nodded at the hag, who looked royally confused (I could hear her behind me saying, "Callum?"), and went on about my way. There was no point in lingering. What had begun on a Friday night, and coalesced into weeks of troublesome thoughts and anxious nights, was now over. It ended a lot smoother than I thought it would. It wasn't easy, of course. These sorts of things never are. When Dean broke up with me years ago, I'm sure it wasn't any easier for him. Not that this was a breakup. I'm not naive enough to think that. It was more a solid parting of ways. It had the finality our last parting didn't.

I found my seat and my place next to Jansen feeling completely confident in how I handled myself. I didn't freak out or panic. I kept my calm. I handled it like an adult.

"Whoa," Jansen said when I returned. "I didn't think you were going to make it back in time."

The house lights were beginning to dim again and people were quickly returning to their seats. "Long line at the ladies room," I told him. "Sorry."

Jansen handed over my drink without a word. I brought it up to my nose long enough to catch a whiff of mercy liquid, and took a long sip. That's when I noticed my hand was shaking. The air in the room felt abruptly thin as if I had hiked up a thousand feet. I couldn't catch my breath. Oh man, looks like I'm not the adult I thought I was.

"Hey, are you all right?" Jansen asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine." But I knew, and he knew, I didn't sound fine.

I made myself breathe deeply and let it out slowly. In and out. One at a time. Chugged the rest of my drink, too. I needed it, because there he was to my right, returning to his seat with Megan. Of course, they had front row center stage seats. A woman with that much bling could probably get whatever she wanted, including an expensive gigolo.

The house lights were going down, and still, Cal hadn't taken his seat. He was looking out over the crowd, his eyes skimming over heads, looking for one color in particular. Mine. Damn him. Someone behind Cal was trying to get his attention. Probably wanted him to sit down, but our eyes were already locked. He had found me and he wouldn't let me go. My heart was running ninety miles a minute. The look in his eyes was like the touch of his hands. Tangible. Tender.

Forgive me.

Forgive me. He didn't speak it aloud, but in the gathering darkness, as he became formless, I read the movement of his lips. Forgive you for what, Cal? I would have asked if I could. For being who you are?

Forgive you for what, Cal? For being who you are? It took everything I had to turn away from him.

"Are you sure you're okay?" Jansen asked.

I gave him a smile. It couldn't have been a pretty one. "I'll be okay. Will you hold my hand?"

Jansen wasn't a dummy. He was more than the sum of his dimples. In truth, he was a damn smart guy. He could look across me at someone finally taking his seat and figure it all out on his own. Jansen and I weren't what you would call "going out," but I still felt like a cheater. On a date with a guy while still pining for another was never a good way to start a potential relationship. So, I kept my gaze on the stage as the lights rose on the late 1700's, ignored Jansen's curious frown, and held out my hand.

Jansen nodded and took my hand. He gave it a squeeze, and I gave him a thank you.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : Want to know what the "vertigo effect" is? Watch this short snippet from JAWS. This scene gives me the goosebumps every time I watch it. Of course, the effect works better when you're watching the whole movie.

Author's Note Author's Note : Want to know what the "vertigo effect" is? Watch this short snippet from JAWS. This scene gives me the goosebumps every time I watch it. Of course, the effect works better when you're watching the whole movie. JAWS.





Chapter 15





We were stepping out of the Orpheum, keys jingling uneasily in Jansen's pocket, lights under the box office highlighting the strain around my eyes, when Jansen stopped me next to the Hamilton poster.





Hamilton "What was that all about? And who was that guy?"

I had been expecting this question. My fault. I acknowledge this. Partly.

"Nothing."

"Nothing?" he said with raised eyebrows. "It was definitely something, Olivia. You couldn't possibly have gotten a thing out of the final act."

Jansen was right. As much as I loved act one, act two was kind of hard for me to follow. During the final hour of the play, I applied as many of the Morton ticks as I could possibly work into my body while in a seated position. I bit my fingernails. I cracked my knuckles. I twirled my hair. I bounced the heal of my left leg, so much so Jansen, despite his apparent concerns about physical contact, felt the need to put a hand on my knee to steady me. (I must have been annoying the people on our row.) Not to mention I couldn't find a comfortable position in my seat. I didn't know if I wanted to cross my legs or hold them together, sit forward or sit back.

The worst part was my gaze continually slanted to the right. I didn't have any control over it. It just kept happening. One second I would focus on the performance, and the next thing I knew, I was staring at the back of Cal's head (what I could see of him from my seat, anyway). Once, the person sitting next to him sat forward, and when my eyes did their involuntary thing, I caught Cal looking my way. Guess he couldn't concentrate on act two, either.

When the show ended, I walked out of the auditorium in the middle of a standing ovation. Maybe that was why Jansen's jingling keys sounded so loud. We were the only ones out here. I just couldn't continue sharing the same room with Cal knowing I couldn't have him, knowing some other woman would have the pleasure of sharing the same bed with him during the night, knowing an untold number of women had shared the same bed with him in the time since I last saw him. How could I tell that to Jansen? How could I make him see that Cal had touched something deep within me I didn't know how to acknowledge? No, that I was too afraid to acknowledge. Why? Because he's not mine. He's not the sort of man I can go on a real date with. He can't take me to dinner, and I can't sit next to him in an auditorium and hold his hand.

too afraid "Jansen, I'm so sorry I ruined this evening for you. I didn't mean to." My voice had gone all quivery and shit. Ugh, and my bottom lip tugged downward like I had a weight attached to it.

"Hey," Jansen said with an empathetic sigh. "You didn't ruin anything, Olivia." As he had the day he learned of my promotion, he pulled me into his arms.

Okay, so I cried like a baby on Jansen's shoulder, but I was also extremely confused, so don't hold it against me. Emotions were running through me like a freight train, emotions I was not typically used to dealing with. I didn't know how to handle it, and Jansen was so warm and soothing. I didn't want him to ever let me go. However, if Cal had picked that exact moment to walk out the door looking for me, I hate to admit it, but I'd have dropped Jansen so fast his head would have spun. I learned at an early age not to bite the hand that feeds you, as they say. I couldn't have Cal, but Jansen was right there holding me in his arms. With Jansen, I could do all those things I couldn't do with Cal. Jansen is not only handsome, he's funny and he's kind, and most importantly, he's accessible. And I knew he liked me because, how many guys have you known only for a few weeks that will allow you to sob on their nice clean shirt? I mean, what if I left a snot stain?

"Tell me what's wrong, Olivia. What happened?"

We women, God help us, do stupid things when we're confused and emotional. That's why most men think we have no business being in the Oval Office. Poor Hilary. But I bet Hilary Clinton never made the mistake of taking her running mate's face in her two hands and kissing him right smack on the lips.



Yep. That's right. I pulled my crybaby eyes off Jansen's shoulder, took his dimpled cheeks in both my hands and kissed him.

And the crowd goes wild!

Not really. While the kiss was nice, and for a few seconds, I thought this was how a kiss should be—no frills, no tingles, no loin-bursting desire—and for even fewer seconds, I thought Jansen reciprocated, turned out everything my crazy head thought was wrong.

Jansen grabbed both my wrists, pried my hands from his face and his lips from my mouth. I had never seen a more shocked man in my life. "What are you doing?"

"Um...kissing...you?" With each word, I found it hard to look him in the eye. "Is that bad?"

Light bulb moment. Jansen's face glowed with it. He laughed...kind of. "I thought you knew."

"Know what?"

He froze, his look one I knew quite well. Deer caught in the headlights. Then he said two words that shocked me worse than seeing Cal again.

"I'm gay."

"What?"

"What?" He frowned. "I think you heard me the first time."

"No, I don't think I did."

"I'm gay, Olivia. Have been for a long time. I've been in a committed relationship with my partner of two years. I thought everybody at work knew this."

"Well, nobody told me!"

The crowd of people who attended the showing of Hamilton chose right then to exit the theatre in droves. Every door opened almost at once. I didn't wait around to see if Cal would come looking to find me again. I stuck my hand through the crook of Jansen's arm and pulled him away from the box office down Market Street.

Hamilton He went somewhat reluctantly, pointing over his shoulder. "We're going the wrong way. I'm parked back over there."

"I don't care."

"I apologize, Olivia," Jansen said. I was hardly listening to him at this point. I needed to put some space between me and Cal. "I should have paid more attention to your interaction with me. You didn't think we were on a date, did you?"

"Oh look, Burger King. I'm hungry." I wasn't, but a large vanilla shake would hit all my spots, particularly the emotional ones in my gut that had taken two very large wallops.

"Wait."

We had cleared the end of the building, and would have continued on to the end of the curb, across the street and into Burger King, had Jansen not stopped and pulled me aside. The end of the building turned the corner at such a slight angle that one could easily disappear, but still peek around if one wanted to. Apparently, Jansen wanted to.

"Is that him?"

I, however, did not want to. Nor did I. I stood with my back against the masonry and mumbled, "Him who?"

"Oh, stop it."

Jansen pulled me to the edge of the building, made me look. Sure enough, there was Cal standing at the end of the curb, hand around the hag's waist, clearly waiting for the black Lincoln pulling up.

"Is that him? "

him? "Yes," I said, sounding like the world's most dejected human being.

Jansen raised an eyebrow. "Damn, he's hot ."

hot "Hey!"

"What? He is."

A part of me wanted to punch Jansen in the gut, but I didn't have to fight the desire. I was too distracted by the sight of Cal opening the rear passenger door for the hag with her dyed hair and her bling as Jansen had done for me all evening long. (He'd been so nice, so gentlemanly, so perfect. Shit! How could I not see how gay that was?!) Cal wore the grin I now thought of as cheesy instead of Cheshire-catlike, while he ushered her into the vehicle; but as soon as he closed the door and turned away, he dropped the act. There was just Cal, looking for my face in the crowd with every step he took around the car. I didn't know whether to be flattered or nauseated. He didn't look for long, though. He got in, closed the door and the hag's driver pulled into the traffic. A few seconds later, the vehicle disappeared down Market Street.



"What, is he an old boyfriend or something? Cuz, damn girl."

This time, I didn't hold back. I gave him a good slap on the arm.

"Ow!"

"Why do you have to be gay?"

I had it all figured out by then. Jansen had nothing against physical contact. It was women, in general, he didn't like!

Jansen scowled and rubbed his arm. "Excuse me, I didn't know being gay was something bad in your world."

My eyes bugged. My jaw dropped. I had enough troubles without getting drawn into that argument. "I'm not saying that. It's just—ugh—you don't look gay."

look That didn't help. Jansen put his hands on his hips. "I'm sorry. Gay has a look?"

"Well, yeah...I think. I don't know! I mean, when you put your hands on your hips like that ..."

like that Jansen instantly dropped them.

"Oh, God." I covered my face with both hands. "I didn't mean that the way it sounded."

I heard him sigh. "Okay, okay. I'm going to forget you said it, but only because you're acting like an erratic, emotional woman."

"Oh shut up!"

And that was it. Jansen began to laugh uncontrollably, resting his hands on his knees to keep from curling up on the ground. I crossed my arms, gave him a sideways glance, tried not to laugh...and failed.

"Come on, Olivia. You totally deserved that one."

"Yeah, I guess I did." But I didn't laugh for long. The chin started tugging, and before I knew it, I was crying like a damn baby again.

It's true. I am an erratic, emotional woman.

Jansen put his arm around me with an emphatic "Oh" and laid my head on his shoulder. "You can tell me all about it at Burger King. I happen to be a very good listener when milkshakes are involved."

Baylor's name for Burger King is the BK Lounge. He started nicknaming his favorite places when he was in high school with his buddies. He eventually nicknamed all his favorite fast food restaurants. Mickey D's. Sub-no-Way. Toxic Hell (for Taco Bell). Pizza Smut. Jack-in-the-Crack. I think he pretty much has a name for every restaurant he frequented. Oh, and there's Crapplebee's. My personal favorite.

It was comforting, having those thoughts in my head while Jansen ordered us a couple of milkshakes and fries. We found a corner booth far away from any prying eyes or ears, and I told Jansen the whole sordid story. He was a good listener. He never interrupted, never counseled, never judged. He let me spill it all out, and devoured his fries in the process.

It's strange now that I think about it. A blade to the throat couldn't have dragged that story out of me half an hour ago when I thought there was a possibility Jansen liked me in that way. Why was it knowing he's gay, and not into me at all, suddenly made him my confessor? I didn't get it, but I felt like I could tell him anything. When Logan finds out she wasn't the first one to hear my story, she's going to be so pissed at me.

that way. Jansen polished off the rest of his milkshake. I was still working on mine. Got a large. Needed it like a drunk needed a bottle of vodka.

"Holy shit, Olivia. I can't believe Rosalyn did that to you."

I shrugged. "She meant well."

Jansen sat back as if I'd slapped him. "If you believe that line of bullshit, you're an idiot."

"What do you mean?"

"Olivia? Who are you trying to kid? You can't tell me Rosalyn didn't know what she was doing when she set you up."



At first, I couldn't speak. Jansen hit me with a truth I'd been trying to bury, and I was still doing it. "No. She told me she hired him to get me out of the house, to make me go out with somebody, have a good time."

Jansen scratched his head. "If I want a friend or a coworker to go out and have a good time, I introduce them to people, take them to my favorite hang out. When someone hires a male escort, they are not looking to be taken out to dinner and seen home with a kiss on the cheek. That's not how it works."

"Look, Jansen. I know right now I might seem a little flighty, but I am a level-headed, rational woman. I'm not dumb and I'm certainly not naïve about how the world works, but even Cal said he'd only been hired to show me a good time. It was up to me to decide what a good time meant. I'm the one who made the decision to spend the night with him. Nobody did that but me."

"Okay, I'll grant you that, but..." Jansen tapped me lightly on the head. "The seed was planted the minute he told you why he was there, and judging by the way he works his mojo, I gather Cal was pretty persuasive."

That dropped a hole in my gut the milkshake couldn't fill. "You think they both played me."

"No, I think Rosalyn played you; maybe not maliciously, but still... As for Cal, I honestly think he's an innocent in all of this. I don't know the guy, and I probably shouldn't guess at his feelings or motives, but from what I've seen, he seems to genuinely care for you. And hell, why wouldn't he? You're a good person, Olivia."

I raised my head and gave him the best smile I could. I needed to hear that—about me and about Cal. "Thank you."

"And don't beat yourself up if you think you might have hurt his feelings. Sure, he's hot as hell, and if I weren't already in a committed relationship, I'd climb him like a tree, but..."

I hit him. He laughed.

Jansen continued, "The thing is, we all make our choices, Olivia, and he made his."

I gave him a smile that was as fake as a two-dollar bill. "Yeah. I can't blame him, I guess. If someone were to force me to choose between him and my career, I'd probably choose meteorology. It's my first love, and it's not like Cal and I are star-crossed lovers or anything. We hardly know each other. It was just a thing that happened."

Jansen gave a short laugh, which made me self-conscious.

"What's so funny?"

"I'm sorry. What you said made me think. You want to know how I met Chad, the love of my life? Wrong number."

"Really?"

"Yep, I didn't recognize the number, but on a whim, I decided to answer, and on the other line was a voice right out of heaven. We must have talked for hours. Found out we knew some of the same people, and before the week was out, we were on our first date."

"Oh wow." I stole one of his fries as penance and munched. "Some people have all the luck."

"No, what I'm saying is, sometimes it's not just luck. It may not happen the way we expect it to, but sometimes the universe brings people together for a reason."

Yeah right, I thought, but I didn't say that to Jansen. His kindness deserved better than my negativity. The universe, karma, God, whatever—they didn't work together and they sure as hell didn't work that way. Not in my life, anyway. Besides, there were too many variables Jansen didn't know about. I didn't tell him about my dilemma with Rosalyn and Mom. Wouldn't be right to completely soil Rosalyn's rose-colored reputation. I would simply be stooping to her level, and after my experience tonight, I wasn't about to do that. I already felt low enough.

Yeah right,

My floundering emotions hadn't swum any higher when I got home, either.

I wasn't home five minutes when my cell phone rang. Could have been the uneasiness in my gut, or my daughterly intuition which prognosticated the caller, but I wasn't surprised at all when I saw the word MOM lit up the face of my cell phone.

I didn't want to answer it. The good daughter in me couldn't stomach lying to her anymore. If I answered the phone, I might tell her the truth, and I didn't want her to know what a horrible daughter I really was.

Yeah, I know. You're thinking, Get over it, Olivia. We've all lied to our parents at one time or another. And I have in the past when I was a teenager trying to pull the wool over her eyes so I could do what I want, but that was the past and my mother was a different person back then. Now, she's as fragile as her sculptures. She doesn't trust so easily anymore, and she looks to me to make things right for her. Problem is, I hardly know how to make things right for myself.

Get over it, Olivia. We've all lied to our parents at one time or another. I shrugged off my jacket, threw it on the couch, and answered the phone. My arms were instantly littered with gooseflesh.

"Hey, Mom."

"Well, how was it?"

"It was good. I really enjoyed it."

A pause. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing."

"Olivia, I know my own daughter. What's wrong?"

"Nothing, Mom. I'm just tired."

"Is Cal there?"

This time the pause was on my end. Do I keep up this charade? Keep lying? Or do I tell her the truth and be the good daughter who ruins the rest of her mother's night? Mom sounded like she was in a good mood.

"No. Mom, I...I need to tell you something...about Cal..."

"Oh no. I knew something was wrong."

"No, it's nothing like that. Nothing is wrong. I just—"

"You broke up with him, didn't you? Oh, Livy, I'm so sorry."

I froze. Why is it all mothers seem to have a sixth sense about their children? Even when they are off the mark, they seem to have a way of knowing exactly what's going on in their child's life. Did she hear the finality in my voice? Did she, through some parental osmosis, understand without fully understanding that the connection between Cal and I had been severed?

As if! She can't read minds. She has no parental osmosis. The problem was my guilt. No. Wait. What am I saying? The real problem was not my guilt, but the two people responsible for making me wallow in this misery. Things were going good, dammit! I was moving on, putting Cal behind me, letting him live his life so I could live mine. And what happened? Rosalyn opened her big mouth. I've been churning in this hell for almost a week, making a complete fool out of myself in front of a man who wasn't any more interested in me than a turtle would be interested in a cat.

As if! Right then and there, I decided No more! I was going to take charge of this situation.

No more! I'm not the sort of person to seek revenge. It's not in my nature. It's not the way my parents raised me, but by God, Rosalyn and Cal were going to make this right. My mom was in a good mood, so why should I be the one to ruin it?

"Mom, no, that's not what I was going to say."

"No? Then what's wrong?"

"I told you, nothing is wrong. In fact, everything is about to be very right. I talked to Cal tonight and he said he is going to do his level best to make it to the exhibit."

"That's wonderful news!"

"Well, he does have a bit of shuffling to do in his schedule, and he claims he's not one hundred percent sure he'll be able to work it out, but Mom, if I have to call his clients and cancel his appointments myself, he will be there."

And I could think of one client, in particular, I'd like to call and give a piece of my mind.

"Are you sure? I don't want you to make him mad at you."

"I promise. He won't be. I hold a certain sway over this man."

Mom laughed. "And here I was thinking you had made Cal up to keep me happy."

I laughed back. "If anyone had made him up, Mom, it would have been Rosalyn. She's the one who can't keep her big mouth shut."

On Monday afternoon, I waltzed into bigmouth Rosalyn's office while she busily typed away on her computer, and tossed a folded piece of paper on her desk.

She glanced down at it with wary eyes. "What's that?"

Arms crossed over my chest, a less than comical look on my face, I said plainly, "That's a message."

"A message to whom? And when did I become your courier?"

"The day you told me you could contact Cal. I don't care what you have to do, or who you have to do, just get it to him."

who I didn't give Rosalyn a chance to ask me another question. Surely, her curiosity would get the best of her. I hadn't sealed it in an envelope. If she read it, then she read it. She would find nothing of a scandalous nature within the folded page. It was simply my cell phone number, a time, and a request.

Call me.

Call me. No one was going to twist my life around anymore. Both of them were going to do what I wanted them to do for a change.

I

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 16





Jansen might have a bit of worldly wisdom in him (enough to soothe my weary conscience for a while), but there's one thing I'm absolutely certain of. The universe had not brought Cal and I together for a reason. I believed that about as much as I believed Bigfoot hung out in my backyard. Even if the universe had, in its all-seeing, all-knowing way, brought Cal and I together, it probably only did so for kicks.

"Hmmm, let's see," it probably said. "Who can I screw over this month? Oh yeah, that Morton girl. She's been having it good for too long. Let's see what I can throw at her."

Well, bring it on, Universe! Nothing and no one is going to orchestrate my destiny but Olivia Morton, and I have a pretty good idea what's destined to happen over the next couple of weeks. Cal was the one who couldn't see that the universe was about to hit him broadside.

The phone call came near midnight on a Tuesday evening. I had been in my bedroom, freshly showered and dressed in my PJs when I answered the phone. I had let it ring a few times first. The vindictive side of me? Maybe, but I had wanted him to squirm a bit. He deserved it for all the squirming he had worked out of me since we met. Besides, the caller ID didn't reveal a number. Just the word BLOCKED. Could have been anyone.

Let's just pretend my hand didn't have the slightest shake when I picked up my cell phone.

"Hello?"

"Hello, Livy."

"Only you would pay to block your phone number, Cal."

"And you, Livy, have lost none of your sting."

His smooth voice had given me a moment's pause. It was an affectation. The smooth and practiced voice of the gigolo; though, I did catch a twinge of vexation.

"It's still good to hear your voice," he said. "After Saturday night, a message from you was the last thing I expected."

"Yeah well, I need to talk to you."

"So I gather. What about?"

"Not on the phone. I'd rather discuss this face to face."

Silence passed on his end for several seconds. What could he have been thinking?

"Whatever it is, Livy, just tell me."

Cal might have sounded as calm as a breeze, but an underlying tension had tightened his voice. If I truly had a vindictive streak where he was concerned, I could have played with it, stretched it out, led him on. I had an inkling of what might be going through his mind, and though he kinda sorta deserved to think I was suffering from morning sickness, and the prank would be oh so much fun to pull on him, I'm not that spiteful. Besides, I needed his help.

So, I told him nothing. "When are you free?"

"I'm free right now."

"You're a night owl, Cal. I get that, but I have to work early and it's almost midnight."

"Then, what about Thursday?"

"Thursday evening?"

"Whenever you would like to meet. It's up to you, Livy."

With Cal, it was always up to me. I wondered if that would change.

He asked where I wanted to meet, I gave him an address, he didn't appreciate my vagueness, and I didn't care. I didn't want to be alone with him, but to keep my cool, I would need familiarity, a place grounded in what I know, where I could feel comfortable. That location wasn't in a public place, like a coffee shop or a diner. Too visible. Cal would have the upper hand in a public setting. This might be mean to say, but I wanted him to be the uncomfortable one this time around. I wanted him on my turf.



When the second phone call came on Thursday night at exactly six o'clock, I was expecting a dubious response.

"Livy?"

"Yes."

"The address you gave me...it's to an apartment complex."

"Correct. Number thirty-five."

"This is where you live." It wasn't a question.

"Yep, for the past seven months."

There went the silence again. "Be right there." As well as the tightening of his voice.

Good. I wasn't the only one wrought with nerves. Fingers flexing away the anxiety of seeing him again so soon, I waited impatiently for the knock on the door, and when it came, I thought seriously about making him knock twice before I opened the door. Couldn't bring myself to do it, though.

I peeped through the door to see the casually confident man I knew so well and yet didn't know at all. I was about to let him into my apartment, into my world, where all that is me will be on display for him. I'm guessing he was faking his confidence as well as I was faking mine. I opened the door.

What I do know about Cal is his keen sense of dress. I imagine he has a closet loaded with expensive, designer brand named suits and ties. He didn't disappoint tonight, either. An impeccable black suit, black tie, crisp white shirt, and a totally uncomfortable expression. You'd swear, by the look on his face, he thought he had knocked on the wrong door, especially when he saw my bare feet, and that my dress consisted of a plain KCAB t-shirt and my favorite worn-in jeans. I sure hope he didn't think I had invited him here for a date.

I smiled. I was nervous as hell, but seeing him again was good for the soul, so I smiled. "Hi, Cal."

He peeked over my shoulder, into my apartment, but he didn't make a move to step in. I had hoped for a smile, maybe a return hello, but based on his straight-face, I wasn't going to get either.

"What am I doing here, Livy?"

As much as I enjoyed watching him squirm, I couldn't keep stringing him along. I grabbed his hand. "Oh, good Lord, Cal. Come in. You act like I'm going to murder you as soon as I close the door."

"The thought crossed my mind."

I pulled him in, closed the door, locked it and put my back against it. He wasn't going to get out of this as easily as he had gotten away from our first meeting at the theatre. What I wouldn't give for a steak knife right now just to see his reaction. Cal didn't turn to face me, though. His back to me, he roamed his gaze over all that was me: family pictures on the wall, the framed photographs of dark clouds and rolling thunderstorms beside them, the alabaster-hued furniture, the slate-topped coffee table, and the faux Turkish rug beneath it in an amalgam of grays and blues. His fingers grazed the top of a sculpted picture frame of me and Mom. Baylor, the other artist in the family, had taken the photo of me in Mom's arms outside in her vegetable garden before I left home for Sacramento.

Cal tipped the frame back, looked at it, put it back. Good. He'll need to get used to seeing her face.

While he looked over my life, I looked over his body. Even through the perfectly cut suit coat, I saw the rigidity of his back and the tenseness in his shoulders. He looked worse than I did on our night together. But damn, he looked good, too. Tempting was the thought of stripping him to the waist and massaging the worry out of his muscles. I would love to put my hands on his skin again, but I didn't invite him here for that.

"I wouldn't murder you, Cal. Even after Saturday."

He looked over his shoulder at me. "No?"

"Of course, not. I'm going to need you." With that, I pushed away from the door and went into the kitchen.



Okay, I lied. I could totally keep making him squirm. The role reversal had given me a buzz. The problem was, Cal wasn't about to let me. I was crossing the threshold into the kitchen when he caught my arm and turned me gently to face him. Anger hung like a cloud over his head. It didn't manifest itself in his demeanor or even in his touch, but he was done with me playing him.

"Livy, stop it. Tell me what this is about."

I turned and gave the hand on my arm a reassuring pat. "If you're worried I have some big bombshell to lay in your lap, Cal, don't. I'm not pregnant or anything. I just want to talk." The sigh of relief that greeted my ears should have been satisfying. Instead, I found it slightly alarming. "Boy, you were really worried, weren't you?"

"A little." Cal dropped his hand and stepped back.

"Why?"

"Because..." He seesawed, one foot to the other, almost like a little boy who had done something wrong and knew he was about to get in trouble. It was kinda cute, but... "There was a slight tear in the condom that night."

"What?" Had I been another foot away from the kitchen island, I might not have caught it in time. "Tell me you're joking."

Another sigh. Cal looked away. "I've since changed brands."

"Holy shit."

"That's what I said."

Spots swam in my vision. I started replaying the entire hotel room scenario in my head again. The way Cal left the bed so abruptly. The sound of running water in the bathroom. The way he wouldn't let me touch him in the tub.

"Why didn't you say anything?"

"Because I didn't see the point."

"You didn't see the—are you insane?"

Cal shook his head, but it wasn't until he started laughing that I knew I'd been had. "I'm just fucking with you, Livy."

I didn't tell him what I wanted to tell him, which was "don't you think you've done enough of that ," but (*cough cough*) I think we both knew he hadn't. So, I gave him a good two-handed push.

that "Asshole!"

Cal kept laughing. "Turnabout, as they say, is fair play."

I wanted to kick him where it hurt, and good, but I also wanted to wrap him up in the biggest bear hug. There was something about this that I missed. His laugh was one of them, yes. It was so good to hear it again. The other was this teasing banter we had developed the last time we were together. I guess you could call it flirting, but I think we've moved past that point. No matter what I thought of his methods for getting me into bed with him that night, there was one truth I couldn't dispute—Cal and I got along well with each other. Strange, considering we've only spent a grand total of six hours (and maybe about five minutes) together, but we connected somehow. Thus, I felt completely comfortable calling him a...

"Jerk."

"Keep going. Work the angst out of your system. Please."

"Angst?" I rolled my eyes. "Jackass. If anyone is feeling angsty, it's you."

That grin, the one that always threatened to weaken my knees, spread across Cal's gorgeous face, and he stepped toward me. "Done?"

"I don't know," I said, subdued by his nearness. "Still contemplating."

Cal made his nearness tangible when he tucked an errant hair behind my ear. "Well, let me know when you are because I'd like to know why you asked me here, of all places, to where you live."

His hand lingered too long for my comfort. I batted it away and crossed my arms, satisfied with myself. "Uncomfortable?"

Though a smile played at Cal's lips, the hilarity of the moment had passed him. "Perhaps."

"Not used to having a client invite you into her home?"

" Former client."

Former Cal had moved forward another step. One more and he would tower over me. He was working the same half-smile that sparked the senses and weakened the resolve. He was doing it again. That mix of both Cal and yet not Cal. Damn him. He wasn't going to get one over me. Not tonight.

"Oh," I said, pretending to be unaffected. I think he knew I wasn't. "So, what am I now?"

The half-smile softened. It was hard to believe and even harder to look at up close, but the real Cal emerged as I'd seen him at the theatre. This time he wasn't a fleeting shadow, there to appease my soul for mere moments until the gigolo took over. He was really there, and what he said pulled at every heartstring.

"A friend, I hope."

I could do that. I really wanted to...but not now. I needed the businessman.

"Good," I said without hesitation, and with an agreeable pat on his arm. "Get comfortable, Cal, because that's what I wanted to talk to you about."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 17





There's this awesome American restaurant near the river called Ten 22 that I try to go to as often as I can. They have some of the best food and some damn good brews. When I'm in the mood to drink, that is. Their brick oven pizzas are to die for, too, but since Cal and I had already eaten pizza together, I figured I should go for something different. Besides, I particularly love Ten 22 's lasagna. I had ordered early so that it would be hot and ready when I got there. Brought it home, stuck it in the oven on warm in time for Cal to show up. He must have smelled it when he walked in, but he didn't say anything until now.





Ten 22 Ten 22 "You cooked?" Cal asked, watching me take the warming tray out of the oven.

He seemed a bit doubtful, as though he already had firsthand experience of my lack of talent in the kitchen, but the honest truth was that Cal's unease had increased. I hadn't just invited him over to talk. I'd invited him over for dinner. That had to be weird for him.

"Hell no," I said, plating the tinfoil ramekin of lasagna onto a saucer, next to a bowl of one of Ten 22 's famous salads. I couldn't wait to dig into the honey-balsamic vinaigrette. "Are you crazy? I burn Pop-Tarts. I'm not to be trusted in front of the stove."

Ten 22 "Why?"

"Because of the one time I nearly burned down the house trying to cook fries when I was fifteen. My best friend and I were watching Gone with the Wind . Yes, Gone with the Wind. Completely forgot about the fries and the oil caught fire at the same time as Georgia was burning down around Scarlett O'Hara." I went to the refrigerator for a bottle of wine, took two wine glasses down from the cabinet next to it, and brought them to the kitchen table while I continued my rambling story. "Mom lost her nut, ran around the house screaming 'FIRE!' My little brother thought the sight of towering flames was the coolest thing he'd ever seen, and Dad's first reaction was, 'Let's douse a grease fire with a pot of water.' The only one with any sense was my best friend, Logan. She took the pot off the heat and smothered the flames. And from that day forward, Olivia wasn't allowed to make toast."

Gone with the Wind Gone with the Wind. 'FIRE!' Cal was softly laughing when I finished my story. It took the edge off, helped him relax somewhat. The removal of his suit coat and tie could only help. With his sleeves rolled up and the top two buttons of his shirt undone, he looked just as he did at the arcade room.

"Excellent story, but I meant, why dinner?"

I shrugged. "It's dinnertime, and I'm hungry. Sit down."

Cal had been a different person at the arcade; relaxed, at ease with himself and his company. Now he seemed to be on pins and needles, as I had been. He was out of his element here, and though it was a nice change from before, a part of me wanted the man from the arcade room back. Did I really want to keep him squirming? Or did I want him comfortable in my presence as he had wanted me comfortable in his presence that night?

I took my seat and waited for Cal to reluctantly make his way to the table. He sat at my kitchen table, looking about as apprehensive as I had been the night Rosalyn came to visit. As I've since learned, ice cream is no remedy for nervousness. Only the cause of an upset stomach.

"Somebody looks like he could use some alcohol." I picked up the bottle of wine and poured him a healthy share. "I hope you like Merlot."

"I do. It's one of my favorites, but I prefer it at room temperature."

I pulled back on the bottle. "Oh."

"I'll drink it," he said, beckoning for me to keep pouring. "It's best not to chill red wines. It can damage the flavor, and a merlot probably isn't the best pair with such a heavy meal as lasagna. You want a wine that can challenge the acidity and the richness of the dish."



I couldn't resist a long stare before I set the wine bottle down. "Now, who's rambling?"

Cal chuckled over his glass of wine. "Merely informing the uninformed," he said and took a sip.

"That's why I'm not allowed in the kitchen. I can no more pair a wine with a meal than you can explain the atmospheric anomaly behind the Santa Ana winds."

"You're probably right."

"So, what? Are you a wine expert on the side?"

His grin was soft but hesitant. Uh-oh. Poked at the gigolo's sensitivities again. "It's a hobby of mine."

We ate in silence for a while, both of us gauging the other tentatively over our plates, wondering what was going through the other's mind. He wanted to know why he was here, and I wanted to tell him, but it also wasn't something I wanted to jump into. Too much info too fast and Cal would probably give me another "have a nice life" and move for the exit. I needed to find the right moment, a way to ease into the conversation. It appeared "preparing a meal" wasn't a bad way to start. Cal could definitely have used some alcohol, but stress wasn't affecting his appetite one bit. He was hungry. He ate as I had assumed he would have when we ordered pizza at the arcade, and I liked the sight of it.

"Wow, am I feeding the homeless?"

He took another sip of wine and gazed those mesmerizing blue eyes at me over the rim. "I haven't eaten much today. I appreciate the meal. Thank you."

"You're welcome." It pleased me more than I'd ever admit to have heard it. "Good?"

"Very good. Pity you didn't cook it. I'd have more reason to be thankful."

If there was a good way to respond to that, I didn't know it. So, I faked a giggle and said, "I did pour the dressing on top of the salad."

He smiled. "And plated everything so nicely."

"See, I'm good at some things."

"You're good at a lot of things, Livy."

I couldn't quite tell if he were being devious or just honest. I settled for honest, but there was a twinkle in his eyes.

"Did you prepare the same meal for him?"

I frowned. That came out of left field. "Him who?"

"The man you were with at the theatre."

Of course, Cal had seen Jansen. There's no way he hadn't, but it still surprised the hell out of me to hear Cal ask about him. I hadn't expected him to turn the conversation in that direction given the way we parted. Either the temperature or the tension went up in the room. Couldn't quite tell which. Whichever it was, I had trouble maintaining eye contact.

"Um, no. Jansen and I went out to eat."

Cal nodded. "Jansen..."

"Jacoby. The station's new sports anchor."

"So, the two of you are...?"

"Friends. Co-workers."

"Ah." He speared a wad of leafy greens and stuffed them into his mouth.

"Jansen had a last minute cancellation on the tickets he'd purchased and I offered to pay for one. He let me buy dinner instead."

"I see."

Cal seemed unimpressed with my explanation. It was stupid that it should bother me, considering the aged bimbo he had on his arm at the theatre. My date hadn't paid me to spend the evening with him, and yet I worried that Cal would think Jansen and I had been on an actual date, that Cal would think me a liar. And even though I believed for a few hours that Jansen and I were on an actual date, Cal didn't have to know that.

me

"Jansen's a great guy, but he's also very gay." I watched for a reaction. Nothing. He wasn't giving anything away, and for Cal, that was a bad thing. Guess I would have to force a reaction. "He thinks you're hot, by the way."

Cal nearly choked on his drink. It was awesome to see, and he showed me his half-grimace, half-smile. "Good to know."

"How about your friend? What was her name again?" Yeah right, as if I'd forgotten. "Megan?"

"Client," Cal said with a tolerant glance. "Not friend."

"How did she work out for you?"

His jaw ticked. "Not well."

"No?" I think I did well not to show the wicked glee I felt inside.

"She wasn't pleased with my services."

"Imagine that." I shook my head, showing my own displeasure, and hoping I wasn't pouring it on too thick. "Don't feel bad, Cal. I don't think anyone could please that woman. You should have heard her in the bathroom complaining about the show."

"I heard it in the car," he mumbled while he finished off his lasagna. "But, it wasn't that. I cut our evening short."

I almost dropped my fork. Over-eager, conscientious Cal The Ginger Gigolo ended an evening with a client early? No way.

"What? Why? Did she want something weird or kinky?"

"No," he said with that grimace again, though stifling a laugh at me. "Other than the fact that her voice had given me a headache, she was a perfectly normal client."

"Well, what happened?"

Cal downed the rest of his drink, as though he needed the liquid courage, and set his glass down on the table. When he looked at me, his eyes cut right into my soul. "I couldn't stop thinking about you."

"Oh."

I had no choice but to look away. To hold his gaze would have been to court my own death. His words lit my cheeks up like Christmas lights, burned them like fire, and turned to ash every rational plan to reach the businessman in him, to play to his sense of reason. Cal had to go and reveal a piece of himself to me. Thoughts of me, Livy Morton, affected his ability to do his job? Was that what he meant? Couldn't be. Not me. Maybe I was reading more into it than I should. I wasn't thinking straight anyway. Best if I centered on something that made more sense—our empty plates. Stacking one on top the other, I grabbed both glasses in the other hand and took them to the sink.

Running water. Dish soap. Sponge. Scrub, scrub. Clean, clean.

Seconds later, Cal was at my side. "I want to apologize for my behavior that night."

"You did, Cal," I said, furiously scrubbing his empty wine glass. His lips had touched the rim. "In your own way."

"I want to apologize the right way."

He brushed my cheek with his knuckles. I jerked away like they were ice. They weren't. They were warm and inviting, but that sort of touching was not conducive to business.

"Don't. Okay?"

I watched him nod out of the corner of my eye and step back. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be," I said, forcing myself to give him an apologetic glance. It was horrible of me to act as if he had leprosy when his touch had felt so good, so right. "That's sort of what I wanted to talk to you about."

Cal walked around me. He began rinsing the dishes I'd washed to set them in the drainer. A sure-fire way to get to my heart. Way to go, Cal.

"You invited me into your apartment to talk about what happened at the theatre?"



"No, of course not. I invited you into my apartment because I would like your help." I dried my hands on a dishtowel, handed it to Cal and let him dry his hands.

"With what?"

"I wanted this to go differently, but..."

Over Cal's shoulder, the framed photograph of Mom and I caught my eye, so I went to the living room, grabbed it and present it to Cal. Maybe I should try to plead to his sensibilities instead.

"This is my mom. Her name is Susan. She married my dad, Bryan, when she was nineteen. She and dad didn't have kids right away. They waited until later in life, when they thought they were both emotionally mature enough to handle it. And they were. Baylor, that's my little brother, and I had a good life growing up. Then, one day, when I was in college, I got a phone call from dad telling me that he and mom were getting a divorce."

Cal didn't say anything, and really, what should he say? This wasn't his life, and Susan and Bryan weren't his parents. I was presenting him with a problem that had nothing to do with him. It worried me that I was wasting my time, but at least, he had the good sense to listen.

I shrugged. "You know, there's all sorts of advice out there for kids and teens with divorced parents, but there's not much to advise an adult whose parents decide to divorce late in life. The experts don't tell you how that changes you, and they certainly don't prepare you to deal with the backlash of a devastated mother."

Or revealing your personal life to your favorite gigolo...

" He left her?"

He "Well...no. It was a mutual decision to hear them tell the tale, but Mom has never been the same since. Dad has moved on. New girlfriend. Several new girlfriends over the years. But mom hasn't moved on. She still loves him, even though she won't admit it, and because of that, it's left a void in her life that she thinks she can only fill with her children."

Several "I'm sorry, Livy," Cal said. He shook his head, clearly confused. "I don't mean to sound harsh, but what does this have to do with me?"

"I was hoping that maybe you and I could work out a..." I looked like I was conjuring a damn spell when in fact I was hoping the words I wanted would magically pop into my head. "...a mutually beneficial arrangement in which you could help me to help my mother."

Cal frowned, looked down at the photograph, then back up at me, clearly confused. "Livy, I hope you're not asking me to...with your mother."

My eyes bugged, and I snatched the picture frame and pressed it to my chest as if I had to protect Mom from the evil gigolo. "No! Oh God, no. Absolutely not."

Cal stifled a laugh at my reaction. "Then, what are you asking me?"

What the hell was I asking him? At that point, I don't think I even knew. Plan of action. How the hell should I begin? Better to just be honest, right? I had a feeling Cal was good at sniffing out a lie.

"Oh shit, I hadn't planned on talking about this. Um, do you remember Rosalyn?"

He nodded. "Captivating news anchor."

"She's captivating, all right," I said with a roll of my eyes. "She's also a gossipmonger. Mom knows everything about you."

Have you ever seen a turkey fight? Seen it all the time growing up at the ranch. Dad raised them strictly for the holidays. Their backs stiffen, and the hackle feathers on their necks raise. That was Cal. He stood away from the counter, back straight, arms crossed. His hackles had been raised.

"How does she know anything about me?"

anything I looked away rather sheepishly, wrapped one arm around myself and scratched the back of my head with the other.



"That's partly my fault, but it's mostly Rosalyn's."

"Please explain."

"Rosalyn told my mom that you and I are...seeing one another." Before Cal had a chance to break in with another annoying question and ruin any chance I might have of securing his assistance, I said, "You see, my mom has always lived through her kids, but since the divorce, it's become more pronounced. It's tough for her, me not being home much. She wants me to be happy, the way she had been happy when she and dad were together, and in her mind, that means I should be in a relationship. So when Rosalyn spilled the beans, it was...I mean I found it incredibly difficult to tell Mom that she had been lied to, basically."

"So, you told your mother that you're in a relationship with me?"

"Yes, I... no ...Rosalyn is the one who told her." My hand floundered in the air like a dying fish. "I just filled in the blanks."

no Cal chuffed, half shock, half sarcastic laughter. I think it was safe to say he thought I was crazy. "How?"

"I told her your name."

His eyes bugged this time.

"She asked! What was I supposed to call you? Fred?"

"Did you tell her how we met, and why?"

"No! Why would I tell her that ?"

that "Because it's the truth, and you're alarmingly honest, to a damn fault."

"Look, Cal, I know I'm crazy, but—"

"I don't think you're crazy, Livy." Okay, so maybe he didn't. Or was he just faking it? "I understand what it's like to have a parent who expects more from you than you can give. I simply would like to know what you expect me to do about it."

I took a deep breath, both at what I was about to say and at this additional tidbit of information about Cal.

"Come home with me."

Cal leaned forward, eyebrows raised. "Excuse me?"

His surprised ruffled me. Remember how I said when I'm nervous I ramble. Well...

"I've never told you about this, but my mom's an artist. She made this frame, actually, from gypsum. She's really good at it, too. She makes these sculptures of people and animals that are so lifelike. She made this frame for me several years ago when I was going away to college, in fact. There's a mine not far from the ranch and Dad used to buy huge pieces for Mom. Still does. He gets them shipped to her house. I think he does it out of guilt. But anyway, the thing is, she has a show coming up in a little more than a week from now, and I sort of told her that you promised to be there."

Just when I thought Cal couldn't get more flabbergasted. "Why would you do that?"

"Because I figure after Saturday night, you owe me," I said, suddenly irritated with him, and myself.

That calmed his ire some, but he was still unconvinced. "If I owe you anything, it's an apology."

"Well, this is how you apologize. I need you to do this."

"Livy, I cannot just jet away with you to...to..."

"Iowa."

" Iowa? Jeez." He ran his fingers through the short strands of his hair. "I have engagements. I can't."

Iowa? I cringed. It was involuntary. I couldn't help it. "Cancel them."

"I can't cancel."

"Based on the piece of work you brought to the theatre, they're likely all perverted old ladies anyway. You can cancel on them."



Cal laughed, but he mellowed quickly. "It's not that I can't cancel, Livy. I won't. I have a reputation."

can't won't. "Oh, Lord. Then, I'll hire you." I looked around for my bulky old lady purse, found it sitting on the coffee table. "How much?"

"No. I won't take your money. Forget it."

I dropped my purse on the island, rummaged for my wallet and gave Cal a scowl. "I said, how much?"

"For how long?" he asked as tolerantly as he could.

"A week...or so."

He smirked. "You couldn't possibly afford my weekly rate. Not on an intern weather lady's salary."

"I just got promoted, thank you very much."

"Congratulations. You still couldn't afford me."

"Then, do it for my mother."

"I don't know your mother."

It was like pulling teeth, but I said it anyway. "Then, do it for me."

Cal stepped toward me, closing the distance between us as he had at the theatre. Again, he stopped just shy of melding us into one and stared down at me. My heartbeat quickened. I could smell his cologne. I didn't know what fragrance it was or what it was called, and I wasn't interested in figuring it out. I only knew he smelled the same way he did the night he took me up to a swanky hotel and showed me how good sex can be. I would have given anything right then for him to show me a second time. Cal could have swept me up in his arms and carried me off to the bedroom if he had been of a mind to, but he simply rubbed the pad of his thumb over my chin. That touch, in and of itself, was electrifying.

"Spending an entire week with you, Livy, is more tempting than you know, but right now, I can't. I'm sorry."

That was both nice to hear and heartbreaking at the same time. I didn't know whether to kiss him or kick him. Though I was on the verge of kicking and I think he could see it.

Time for my backup plan. "Okay then, if you won't even do it for me—"

"You misunderstand me, Livy. I would love to help you, but—"

"—do it for your expensive Tag Heuer."

That got his attention. Hmmm, maybe Rosalyn was right after all. About men loving their watches more than their women, anyway.

"So, you do have it."

"Yes."

A hint of a grin played on Cal's sweet lips. "And you're blackmailing me with it?"

"No, I'm not blackmailing you. I wouldn't know how. Just think of this as collateral." One of his eyebrows raised in question, so I answered. "Right now, your watch is wrapped safe and sound within a box, stamped with a label, and probably sitting in a UPS truck bound for the outskirts of a little town in southern Iowa. If you want your watch, Cal, then I guess you're just going to have to come with me, because that's the only way you're getting it."

"Now, here's the side of Olivia Morton I haven't gotten to know yet. When backed into a corner, the woman presents her claws."

His knuckles brushed mine. Intentional or not, there was no doubting he felt it too. It lit a fire in his eyes I hadn't seen since that night.

"Not claws," I said, fighting to keep my breath in check. "Planning and forethought."

That he could appreciate it was evident in his smile. I only hoped he wasn't ascribing the wrong motives to my choices.



"You're either very desperate or very devious."

"A little of both right now."

Maybe he wasn't. His smile turned to an uneasy frown. "I find it hard to believe you want me to come with you just to help you lie to your mother."

"It's not really lying."

"If you're telling her we're a couple, then yes, it's a lie. We don't know each other enough."

"Maybe we don't know each other as well as we could, but we get along better than most married people. And..." I looked away. "...we've been intimate. We wouldn't be lying about that."

"No, but that doesn't make me feel better about this."

"That only means you have a good heart, Cal," I said, patting his chest. His skin was so close. "My mom will appreciate that side of you. In fact, I know she will. She'll probably love the hell out of you."

Cal grinned in response. I hadn't said that with any excitement. Mom was going to love Cal. I had no doubt about that. It was the fawning and buttering up she would do that worried me. Mom had always been a sucker for a nice guy, especially one I happened to bring home. I think that's why Dean found it so hard to break up with me. Breaking up with me is the same as breaking up with my mom.

Leaning against the kitchen island, Cal sighed.

"So," I began. "Does that mean you'll come?"

I knew it wasn't an answer. It felt more like I was the one who had backed Cal into a corner, than the other way around.

"What will happen to my watch if I don't?"

"Well, right now, it's safe. I've marked it FOR LIVY, DON'T OPEN. If you come, I'll give it back to you, like a gift or something. If you decide not to come, then I don't have to shop for Father's Day. A win either way, in my humble opinion."

Cal crossed his arms over his chest and narrowed his eyes. I really nicked the gigolo right in the tender spots. "How Machiavellian of you."

I shrugged. "Hey, don't get mad at me. I wasn't the one who left it behind."

"I left it behind for a reason." With a huff, he walked past me and into the living room. "I had hoped you would have contacted me a long time ago." He sat on the couch, rested his elbows on his knees, and looked at me. "You never did."

Damn. Rosalyn had been right, after all. I didn't know what to say to that. What could I say? Well, I thought about it, Cal, but... How hideous would that sound? I wanted to change his mind, not solidify it.

Well, I thought about it, Cal, but... Cal shook his head. "I should have known better than to expect someone as cynical as Livy Morton to take a chance."

From the beginning, I haven't seen this from Cal's point of view. Everything I had done, every reaction to him, to Rosalyn, to mom, none of it had been rational. I'm like a chicken with its head cut off, running in foolish circles, spouting blood by the bucket load. Cal must have thought I made no sense at all. I wouldn't doubt if he was wondering what he'd gotten himself into. I was starting to think the same things myself.

I cleared my throat, looked away. "A chance is the same thing as a risk, and I try to avoid those. Besides, you don't know what I've been through since then. This has been a very confusing time for me, and it doesn't help having a psychotic co-worker who thinks it's her sole mission in life to hook me up. She means well, but her methods are—"

"Devious?"

"Okay, I deserved that, but..." I went to him, sat down on the edge of the coffee table across from him and continued. "I'm begging you now, Cal. Please, come with me. I can't go home empty-handed."



We were face to face now, closer to each other than we had been in a long time. I had invited him to appeal to his business sense, now I was selfishly appealing to his manhood, the sort that with hope liked helping damsels in distress. Yes, I admit it. But, this close to him, I was also dangerously close to appealing to that other version of manhood. If Cal wanted, he could easily take command of me again. Instead, he appeared miffed and unconvinced.

"For what purpose? A week's pretense? You know, for someone who harped on 'being real,' you certainly are in a hurry to pretend I'm someone important to you."

pretend Now, that hurt. I sat back. "That's not fair." And when someone hurts me, I usually hurt back. "I need you, don't I?"

"Do you really? What did you do with the business card?"

Okay, he had me there. I looked down at my hands. "I...I misplaced it."

"You threw it away, didn't you?"

"Well..."

I heard him chuckle, but there wasn't a lot of mirth behind Cal's eyes. He sighed, rubbed his forehead. "Ah, Livy."

"Look, you don't know anything about me. You may think you do, but you don't know me at all. Do I make mistakes? Sure. Do I make stupid decisions, say stupid things? Yeah, all the time. I mean, hell, I thought a gay guy liked me, for Christ's sake! So, don't get all pissy with me. If I shredded your stupid business card because the idea of contacting you scared the shit out of me, you have no one to blame but yourself."

"You're afraid of me?"

"No!" I thought better about that. "Yes, actually. You're a damn gigolo, Cal! I need stability in my life, reality; and you're just a fantasy. That's why I never tried to contact you."

The reality was that when Cal leaves me again, tonight, tomorrow night, he'll be in the arms of another woman, and another woman, and another woman. That's what I couldn't handle, and it's the other reason I never tried to contact him.

Cal took both my hands in his. "I understand that more than you think I do. I've been afraid of the same thing."

"You? Afraid?"

His grin was small and somewhat sad. "Fantasy or not, I still have flaws, Livy."

"Name one."

"Anxiety at the idea of meeting your family and having them see right through me."

That wasn't what I wanted to hear. I had hoped he would tell me how every email indicator, every phone call made him sick to his stomach because it might have been me. That's what I went through. I wanted to know that he'd gone through the same thing. Though, hearing that he feared what my family thought of him was a step in the right direction.

I smirked. "My family? Please. My little brother wishes he was a rock star, a famous cartoonist and a photographer all in one, but sits his ass in front of the television playing World of Warcraft all day. My mom is a struggling artist living off of alimony and the good-will of her children. And my dad runs a horse brothel. Essentially. He's a horse breeder. I think your secret is safe with me."

World of Warcraft His thumbs moved over the back of my hands as he thought. I gave him all the time he needed. He'd done as much for me that night. He'd taken care not to rush me, and I owed him the same, but it was odd for me to see this indecisive side of his personality. I was too used to seeing the confident man. Eventually, he looked up at me, and what I saw in him was encouraging.

"If I go with you, can you promise me something?"

"Sure."

"Promise me I won't end up regretting this."



There were so many ways I could have taken such a comment, but I knew exactly where Cal was going with it. I had asked him the same thing when he was attempting to coax me up to a hotel bedroom. Hearing him repeat my words back to me made me smile.

"I promise you, Cal, that I will treat you with the utmost respect, and do everything I can to make your week in my hometown a time you won't want to forget."

Cal tilted his head forward. "As long as you promise."

There was intent there. It glowed in his eyes and clung to the edge of his sweet lips. He wanted to kiss me, and though I wanted it as much as he did, I knew better than to pursue it. Cal still had a reputation to maintain. Wouldn't want to mess that up for him. So, I kissed the tip of his nose.

"I promise. Does that mean you'll come?"

that "It means I'll consider it."

I huffed and got up from the table. That man could twist my gut like he would twist a knife.

"Let me see if I can adjust my schedule and I'll call you," Cal said, getting to his feet.

"If you're afraid of canceling on your clients, give me your appointment book, and I'll clear your schedule in a heartbeat. There's one woman, in particular, I'd love to give a piece of my mind." He knew who I meant.

me I'll "The last thing I need is Livy Morton in control of my appointment book."

"What? I'd be great at it. I'd have you in a clown get up for birthday parties, blowing balloons and making children cry, or singing at bar mitzvahs."

"That's what I'm afraid of." Cal had followed me all the way to the door. It was a gentle signal, and though I know he got it, he moved toward me with intent. "What dates am I looking at?"

"Not this Wednesday, but the one after."

"A week...or so?"

"A week or so."

Cal nodded. "I'll call you."

"Can I have your phone number?"

He grinned, and instead of reaching for the door as he should have, he touched my face. One finger ran the arch of my brow while his thumb traced down the bridge of my nose and over my lips. I was breathing heavy, tingling from head to toe, when Cal pulled away, grabbed his coat and tie from the rack by the door, and said, "I'll call you. Keep my watch safe."

"Oh," I breathed, finding my voice. "Either you will or Dad will. Depends on you, Cal."

Cal opened the door and stepped out. I wanted so badly to drag him back, but my better sense, and a brief image of another woman like Megan waiting for her turn, reigned me in.

"Speaking of that watch," I said, standing on the other side of the threshold from him. "What could possibly be so important at ten o'clock at night that you have to set an alarm? It's driven me nuts for weeks."

He frowned. "You mean you haven't figured that out yet?"

"Figured what out?"

He smiled, and when he did, I saw a hint of color on his cheeks. Did I just make my ginger gigolo blush?

"Ten o'clock is when my favorite late night news program airs. I never miss the weather." He returned a kiss the tip of my nose almost too tenderly. "Good night, Livy. I hope we see one another again soon."

Cal turned and was gone, disappearing down a flight of stairs where all I could see was the top of his head, and then even that sight was gone. I can't remember if I told him good night. My mouth was too dry, my heart beating too hard, too shocked to do anything but stand there looking stupid. I realized I had never gotten a picture of him for Mom. My thoughts were too caught in wondering...

Just how long had Cal been watching me on the news?



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : Ten 22 is a real restaurant. Never been there, though. Hope their food is as good as Livy says. LOL! Also, Livy's story of nearly burning down the house actually happened to me and my younger sister, and yes, we were watching Gone with the Wind when it happened. Thank goodness I'm still allowed in the kitchen. :)

Author's Note Author's Note : Ten 22 is a real restaurant. Never been there, though. Hope their food is as good as Livy says. LOL! Also, Livy's story of nearly burning down the house actually happened to me and my younger sister, and yes, we were watching Gone with the Wind when it happened. Thank goodness I'm still allowed in the kitchen. :) Ten 22 Gone with the Wind





Part Three - "Leaving on a Jet Plane"





"Powerful Stuff" by Sean Hayes. It's one of my favorite songs. Listened to it in the car on the way to the airport. I had forgotten its tune in the long commute from the parking garage to the terminal, through check-in and security. Sitting here in a hard plastic chair, waiting to board, the song came back to me.





"Aw, yes, this is powerful stuff," Hayes sang in my head. "Got me circling like the moon 'round the sun. Acting crazy like a fool all drunk. Mmmm, here me, this is powerful stuff."

Then, the song gets really good. The snare drum kicks in, the tambourine jingles to the beat, your toe gets to tapping and you start to resemble a bobblehead on the dashboard.

"There's no way for you to give this up. It's in your body; it's all in your blood. It'll tear you down; it'll lift you up, and keep you turning like it's never enough."

Yeah, the song can get a bit repetitive. It can even be maddening when you hear it for the first time, but once the groove hits you after maybe the fourth or fifth time, it's like the song says, "can't give it up, won't give it up, even when you're yearning, burning, turning..."

According to what I've read, a lot of people well versed in the ways of the hippie lettuce think the song is talking about marijuana, and while I guess it's highly possible, I also believe you can let a song mean whatever you want it to mean. For me, "Powerful Stuff" is about passion and romance and sexuality.

Why this particular song should pop into my head at six-thirty on a Saturday morning in Sacramento's busy international airport, you ask. I happened to look up and caught sight of Cal walking the concourse.

It wasn't the plane ticket in his hand. It wasn't the scowl on his handsome face as he searched for the matching gate number from his ticket. It wasn't even the way he walked, because he wasn't keeping in time with the beat in my head. It was the way he looked.

My mind had associated a certain appearance with Cal every time I thought of him—impeccable suit, matching tie, crisp white dress shirt, glossy wingtip shoes, and an expensive watch. That was the man my mind expected to see. What I saw on this early morning was mussy hair, an untucked black shirt, sleeves rolled haphazardly above the elbows, worn jeans, and canvas sneakers. Put that image on an average man, it probably would not have had the same effect on me. Seeing Cal look as if he had just crawled out of bed, thrown on the first thing he pulled out of the dresser, brushed his teeth and ran out the door, put the music pumping in my head and my heart beating in time with the rhythm.

Hayes was asking, "Are you ready when a thing's so strong?"

No, I was not. Cal was powerful stuff, indeed.

You don't have to say a thing. I already know what's brewing in your little mind: "Whoa, thanks for the time jump, Livy. Last time I was here, Cal was walking out of your apartment, promising to call. What happened between then and now?" Legitimate question, but the honest answer is...life went on.

I went back to work. Spent a few days doing a little late spring cleaning. Had my oil changed and my tires checked. Forecast rain for the weekend but got soaked going home on a Monday, to which I felt the need to tweet an apology to my viewers. I also tried my hand, out of curiosity, at making Mom's lasagna one night with Mom's help over the phone. That went over like one of Dad's favorite euphemisms—"like a turd in a punchbowl." I started out okay, but where I started screwing up was trying to do too much at once. Meat sauce in one bowl. Lasagna noodles boiling in another. I cut my finger chopping carrots for the sauce and probably bloodied the sauce at some point. Got confused about the difference between ricotta and cottage cheese somewhere along the way. The noodles I undercooked. The meat sauce I overcooked, and when it came out of the oven, it tasted like the lasagna you ate as a kid in the school cafeteria. A dry, blah-tasting square of stuff!



I am never going back in the kitchen again, by the way.

The rest of the time I spent placating Mom with promises I felt positive I could make good on and dodging a nosy Rosalyn for a week and a half. No one can rival that woman's curiosity. She had more questions for me than a trial attorney.

"Well, did he get back in touch with you? What did he have to say? What did you two talk about? Are you going on another date? Do you need me to get back in touch with him?"

Thank God I had Jansen to back me up. He pulled me out of a few inquisitions once my vague answers started hitting Rosalyn's brick wall. I've kept her in the dark about Cal intentionally, despite her many apologies. I can forgive and forget I guess, but it's best to not feed the beast, especially when she's hungry. However, where I've tried my best to keep the Harris Inquisition out of my personal life, for you, I think I can spill the beans and let you in on my conversation with Cal.

To be honest, though, I didn't hear from him right away. A couple of agonizing days went by after he left my apartment, in which I spent my off-air time staring at the phone, and my on-air time avoiding the desire to say into the camera, "We have temperatures in the upper sixties with overcast skies for the majority of our week, and Cal, call me!"

Cal, call me!" Suffice it to say, I was more nervous when he finally did call than when I waited for him to walk through my door. Over the course of two days, I had convinced myself he was going to say no, that he either couldn't rework his schedule or that he had changed his mind. I had this horrible notion he would call me out for being the weirdo I already know I am, and that he had better things to do with his time than please my normal-chick fantasies.

Instead, the phone call went something like this...

"Hello, Livy."

"Well, Cal? Don't beat around the bush. Just tell me you're coming."

"Don't I deserve a hello first?"

"Not until I get an answer."

"And what if my answer isn't satisfactory?"

"Then, I'll have to hurt you."

"Is that typically how you react to not getting your way?"

"No, I rarely employ violence, but for you, I'll make an exception."

"If I ask your brother, I wonder if he'll tell me a different story."

"My brother would defend me to the—wait...does that mean you're—?"

"I'm coming."

No, I didn't jump up and down or do a quiet mini-dance on the living room floor, but I did bring my palms together and send up a couple of silent praises. If Cal had been standing anywhere near me, however, I probably would have hit him hard enough to hurt. Us Morton women can throw punches, both physical and verbal. So, it was good we worked all the details out over the phone rather than face to face. Spending an entire week with the man would be more than enough for me to handle.

Airports never sleep. For such an early flight, the place was bustling, full of the sounds of squeaking shoes, rolling carry-ons and early morning chatter. Cal was verifying the gate number on his ticket to the one on the sign above the boarding desk (you'd swear the man had never stepped foot in an airport before) when I stood to get his attention. Amidst the many moving bodies passing between us, Cal managed to see me waving to him. He looked understandably bleary-eyed, but when his gaze fell upon me, he smiled like a man reenergized. All one-hundred and one million of those pearly whites said they were happy to see me.

I overestimate in jest, of course. Cal doesn't really have one-hundred and one million teeth (he would look pretty funny if he did), but they certainly are one of his best attributes. And I was just as happy to see him as I was to see nearly every single one of his teeth.



Cal made his way to me, leather duffle bag slung over his shoulder, wearing that soul-melting smile. Seeing him again brought on what I could only describe as a sudden panic attack. Not the physical kind where you struggle to breathe, and you sweat like a hog, and your heart beats like rhythm is going out of style. It didn't even reflect on my face. This was all in the head. More like a sudden worry attack.

As I watched Cal walk toward me, everything that would happen in the week to come all became very real. I was taking this man home with me, a man I've known for a grand total of maybe two weeks, to meet my family. I was going to introduce him to my cynical father, my self-effacing and somewhat needy mother, my ambitious yet lackadaisical brother, and my best friend who can read people better than she reads books. (Trust me on this. Logan could barely get through Dr. Seuss when we were kids.) I was about to introduce a gigolo to my family, not as a best bud or even as my willing sex slave for the week, but as my "boyfriend." I was setting my foot in a place one only goes when they are serious about someone, giving Cal a window into my world, a peephole into my childhood, my teenage years, my everything.

There's a phrase for that. It's called "too much too soon," and it means I've lost my bleepin' mind. Sure, it's like we've known each other forever, but what do I really know about him? Other than that he's an Irish gigolo named Callum who loves expensive watches and he's been watching me on television long before he ever "knew" me... Nothing! This is no romance novel. I know there's an attraction between us that's potentially as electrifying as the attraction between a negatively charged cloud and the positively charged objects on the ground during a thunderstorm. I do not want to think where this attraction might lead, however. There are too many variables to consider, too many ways it could go horribly wrong, and too many ways it could go dreadfully right.

Leave it to Cal to start things off on the wrong foot (...or was that the right foot?). He leaned forward with a "good morning" and planted a kiss on my cheek. I smelled minty breath and clean skin. All I wanted to do was grab him in a bear hug and never let go. Ugh.

I settled for patting him on the arm and saying, "'Morning. You look terrible."

He narrowed his eyes, but his smile remained. "Thank you. You look lovely."

I looked down at my jeans, my plain polo, and taupe slip-ons. Didn't know if I would have used that term to describe myself this morning, but I did feel like a jerk. "Sorry. I just meant that you clearly aren't a morning person."

Cal took the seat next to mine and we sat. "No, and you clearly aren't very good with hellos," he said, shoving the duffle bag under his seat.

"Not my strong suit, no."

"Best get used to my good morning's and all of my hellos, Livy. I'm going to be here with you for a while."

That's what I was worried about. Knew better than to say it, though. I gave him a pensive smile. "Then I guess we should get to know each other better before we get to Iowa."

before "Good idea. Would hate for someone to ask me what we did for your birthday when I don't know when it is."

Oh, that evil devil man. "And I would hate for someone to find out, considering I don't even know your last name. Might be awkward."

"Might be."

My eyes shifted from him to the boarding pass in his hand. I had a million questions I wanted to ask him, several of which I had asked and he never answered while we lay in bed together. The answer to one of them—his last name—was on the boarding pass. I tried to snatch it out of his hand, but Cal expertly avoided my reach and tucked the sheaf of paper into his breast pocket.



"Sneak," he said.

"Hey, I own you this week."

"Funny. I don't recall receiving any money from you."

"You didn't want it."

"And I still don't." That quirky half-smile worked its magic. "But there are other ways you can pay."

And there went the hot, red blush taking over my face like a couple of apples were hanging from my cheeks. "It's way too early in the morning for that, Cal, and we're in public, so..."

Cal tsked, shook his head. "Livy, Livy, mind in the gutter already. What makes you think I was talking about sex?"

For a man who looked like he was on the edge of sleep deprivation, Cal had no problem throwing on the charm. I stuttered like a broken record for a few seconds until Cal's smile widened from one side of his beautiful sleepy face to the other. He was playing me. The ass! But I sort of deserved it, didn't I?

"Okay, I get it," I said, raising my hands in surrender. "I got us off on the wrong foot." Which meant I shot off at the mouth and acted like a jerk the moment I saw him, and Cal's way of returning the favor was to be exactly what I despised—the gigolo. Yeah, I deserved it. "Can we start over?"

"I would like that."

"Like, with good morning."

Cal nodded, leaned over and kissed my cheek again. I wasn't expecting that, but I also wasn't going to argue with it either. "Good morning, Livy. You look lovely."

Heart beating all over again. "Can't give it up, won't give it up, even when you're yearning, burning, turning..." Stop it, Sean Hayes!

"Can't give it up, won't give it up, even when you're yearning, burning, turning..." "'Morning, Cal. You look..." Like a walking box of sexy! "...slept in." I dropped my head. Cal laughed. "I'm sorry. I'm trying. I really am. But you do kinda look like you just woke up."

Like a walking box of sexy! "That's close to the truth. I overslept by an hour. Rushed to get here on time. Almost didn't make it. I knew you'd never forgive me if I missed our flight."

"Very true. Up late?"

Both of us knew what I was asking without me actually asking if he had been on a date.

"No, I went to bed early, but I had trouble sleeping."

"Why?"

Cal twisted in his seat, sighed heavily. "Nervous."

"About what? Not about my goofy family, I hope."

Why would anybody possibly be nervous about that? thought I with dripping sarcasm.

Why would anybody possibly be nervous about that? "Maybe a little, but..."

A boarding call came over the loudspeaker. Cal jumped. Everyone around us was grabbing carry-ons, purses, books, MP3 players and whatever else, and getting to their feet. Cal glanced over his shoulder, watched the line building to board the plane. I found the antsy squirming kinda cute on him. It was different from any side of him I'd seen so far, and I was eager to see more, but when Cal turned back, he shot that thought right out of my head. He was already a white-skinned ginger, the perfect reflection of everything Irish. Now Cal looked like a ghost.

"I hate flying," he said.

"How bad?" I asked, mouth agape.

Cal closed it with one finger to my chin. "You'll see when we get on the plane."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : Videos to some of the songs in this chapter. The first one is in the title image, "Leaving on a Jet Plane." Most will recognize it as a John Denver song, but I thought this was a prettier version. It's from the Armageddon soundtrack and sung by Chantal Kreviazuk.

Author's Note Author's Note : Videos to some of the songs in this chapter. The first one is in the title image, "Leaving on a Jet Plane." Most will recognize it as a John Denver song, but I thought this was a prettier version. It's from the Armageddon soundtrack and sung by Chantal Kreviazuk. Armageddon

The next one is, of course, "Powerful Stuff" by Sean Hayes. It's such a great song and perfectly captures the moment Livy sees Cal.

The next one is, of course, "Powerful Stuff" by Sean Hayes. It's such a great song and perfectly captures the moment Livy sees Cal.





Chapter 19





Dad prefers to travel first class. Dad always wants the best and the newest, but I think I mentioned that. What I haven't mentioned is that Dad prefers that I travel first class, too, but I'm not like that. I feel like a snob in first class, even if you sometimes get to meet celebrities that way. Those guys can be snobs, too. So, when I reserved our flight (with Cal's permission to use my own money, even though he insisted upon paying me back), I tried to choose the simplest flight—single-aisle, coach, with the shortest duration I could find and only one layover. Still, we were going to be in the air for a total of four or five hours, landing in Des Moines around one-thirty in the afternoon. Cal was not happy about this at all.

He was okay (sort of) when we boarded the plane, and he seemed okay as he loaded our bags into the overhead compartment, but it wasn't until it came time to sit down that he froze.

"Mind if I take the aisle seat?"

"No," I said with a cautious amount of cheer, hoping not to draw attention to his obvious nervousness. "So much the better. I get to look out the window."

No one had purchased the third seat on our row, so we had it all to ourselves. My first inclination, given the awkwardness of our "relationship," was to distance myself from Cal and leave a seat between us, but his current level of anxiety called for much-needed support. I took the middle seat next to him.

We hadn't yet taxied down the runway, let alone backed from the boarding gate. Cal was already buckling himself in. Once done, his hands gripped the armrests and he looked up as if he expected the oxygen mask to come tumbling down any minute. I held the laughter back for as long as I could, but eventually, it came sputtering out.

He gave me a sideways glare, but a smile hinted at the corners of his mouth. "Don't. It's not funny."

I choked it back. "I'm sorry. There's nothing to be concerned about." Didn't want to use the word afraid or scared. "People fly every day, Cal."

concerned "It's not the flying that bothers me. Once we're in the air, I'm sort of okay, as long as there's no turbulence. It's the takeoff and the landings I can't handle."

"Oh, yuck. You don't get pukey, do you?"

"No," he said with a smirk.

"Is it just acrophobia?"

He shrugged. "There's something about having thirty thousand feet between me and the ground that I don't like."

I had a feeling there was more to it than that, but I didn't press the issue except to say, "Thirty-two thousand."

He glared at me again. "Thank you."

"Merely informing the uninformed." If the look in his eyes could kill... "So, what if a client pays you for a week in, say, New York, do you just not go?"

"No, I would offer to pick the client up at JFK."

"So, you'd drive from California to New York?"

"Yes."

"You realize that's ten times more dangerous than flying."

His expression said he believed that not at all. "I'm better behind the wheel."

"You could miss a lot of work that way."

"I plan ahead. In the early days, if I was hurting for cash, I could pick up jobs at the hotels I stayed at."

I grimaced. "Oh, Cal." The idea of him soliciting at God knows what age in hotels across the country made me feel bad for him, but Cal seemed unfazed by the past.



"I was careful then, and I'm more careful now. The only difference is now I don't have to pick up jobs along the way."

"I don't know how you do it," I said, my voice low. "The idea of meeting up with such a long line of strangers..."

"Not everyone is a stranger." When Cal looked at me, the fear had gone out of his eyes. He meant me. I know he did. "I've been doing this for a long time, Livy. I know my limits."

"Do you ever think of quitting?"

Cal must have forgotten we were sitting in an airplane ready to arc into the stratosphere. He was looking into my eyes with such intensity it felt as if he were searching my soul instead of calculating how to answer my question, and I think he might have answered it had the captain not broken into our conversation.

"Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking..." In one of those sleepy radio host voices, the captain asked us to please fasten our seatbelts and secure all baggage underneath our seat or in the overhead compartments, then went on to tell us about the weather in Des Moines and how long our flight time should be; all things I had already ascertained long before getting on the plane.

It was six-forty-five. The sun was coming up over the horizon. The airplane had begun to move, and the flight attendants were drawing our attention to the video monitors to review safety procedures in the case of an emergency. Cal went from intense to anxious in seconds. He forgot all about my question.

Willing myself not to laugh, I slipped my hand under his arm, pried his hand from the armrest and forced him to link fingers with me. Cal had shown me the epitome of gentleness with those fingers once, and I wanted to show him the same, but it wasn't happening this day. His grip could kill, too.

"I have an idea," I said as the plane turned onto the runway. "As a way of forgetting about the fact that we're about to climb thirty-two thousand feet into the air..."

"Do you have to keep saying that?"

"...we'll ask each other questions. Get to know one another."

His eyes narrowed. He didn't seem to like the idea. "As long as whatever question one asks, the asker is also willing to answer herself."

I looked away momentarily. Seemed neither of us was too keen on giving ourselves up. I just as soon get used to it. He was going to learn a whole lot about me in the coming days. I sighed and acquiesced. "Okay, deal."

"Fair. What's your phobia?"

"No, you have to wait until we're taxiing."

He looked out the window. "We are. Shit. "

Shit. I wouldn't laugh, but I couldn't promise not to grin. "Um...okay...crawly things."

"Crawly things?"

"Yeah, you know, bugs, spiders, roaches. Eegghh."

roaches. The jet engines began to roar. Cal groaned. "I'm talking about a real phobia, Livy, real fear."

"I real- ly hate bugs."

real- "Bullshit. What terrifies you, Livy, the way this terrifies me?"

this "We're about to take off, Cal," I said, throwing my only free hand in the air. "I don't want to think about answers. Why can't you just ask what's my favorite movie or something?"

"My God, you are a stubborn woman. Just answer the damn question."

"Ugh! Okay, fine, whatever. Losing."

"Losing what?"

"Anything," I said, and quickly, without thinking, followed up with, "Any one . The way my parents lost each other."

one

The engines had become almost deafening in the silence after my comment. Cal looked at me as though he were seeing me for the first time. That is, until he caught how fast we were moving out the window behind me. He then looked away with a nauseous moan and shut his eyes.

"Good answer," he said. "Your turn."

Saying that left a hole in my thoughts, so I asked the first questions off the top of my head. "What's your favorite movie? And don't say American Gigolo. "

American Gigolo. Cal might have laughed were we not racing down the runway at about one hundred and fifty miles an hour. " Lawrence of Arabia."

Lawrence of Arabia." I had never seen it. Couldn't even tell you who's in it. But I still wanted to know, "Why?"

"Because I prefer classic films over today's nonsense, and Peter O'Toole is a god among men." I surely would not have told Cal right then that I didn't know who Peter O'Toole was, or that I've probably never seen a thing he's been in, but he never gave me the chance, even if I would have had the guts. "It's more than that. I relate to it, I guess. A man thrown into a difficult and alien world who endures some serious shit, is triumphant in battle, but who is still blatantly imperfect and selfish."

"Are you saying you're selfish?"

"More imperfect than selfish, perhaps. Certainly more selfish than triumphant."

The more I learned of Cal, the more confusing he was to me. He exudes the airs of the confident modern playboy. He has the strut down, the fancy clothes, the expensive watches (in fact, he wore another one that looked just as flashy on his left wrist), and a new woman on his arm every week, yet he's into classic films and admires a character because of his imperfections. Cal is a walking contradiction, and it made me wonder what he'd been through in life.

But there was no time to ask. The plane was lifting off the ground. Cal's eyes were clamped shut and so was his grip. He had my fingers in a vice. Pain.

Pain. "Okay, Cal. Ow. You're about to break every bone in my hand." I started to pry his fingers from me when he relented.

"Sorry," he said, his voice shaky. "Your favorite movie?"

"Well, if we're sticking with old movies, I'd have to say... E.T. "

E.T. Even with his eyes clamped shut, I could tell when Cal was annoyed with my answer. "That's not an old movie. It came out the year I was born. I loved the shit out of that movie."

Hint, hint. Got to find out what year E.T. was released.

E.T. The plane had begun to angle upward, pushing us back into our seats. Cal muttered curse after curse. Over the time I've come to know him, I've begun to suspect that he's lived in the states for many years. Part of that was the Americanization of his Irish accent. When Cal cursed, however, he transcended to his homeland, and he never sounded more Irish than he did saying fuck, fuck, fuck in a long and unending succession as the plane angled steeper and climbed higher into the sky.

fuck, fuck, fuck So, I just kept talking. "Well, it's old to me. I wasn't even born when that movie came out. But my favorite movie of all time is probably Titanic. Anything with Kate Winslet makes me happy, but I love Titanic . Of course, it helped that I had a total crush on Leonardo DiCaprio at the time. He was such a babe, and he had the cutest smile." I said the last part in one of those squeaky girl voices.

Titanic. Titanic That had Cal opening his eyes and looking at me with the most irreverent and incredulous frown. "Subject change, please. That movie was shit, and you're starting to scare me."

The man had just tread on my childhood, but at least his dislike of my movie choices was helping him through the ascent. Still, this would not go unchallenged.



"It was not," I said with all the disdain I could manage. "I love Titanic. It's a classic."

Titanic. "A classic piece of shit. Both actors have gone on to do more noteworthy performances than what they gave in that film. Don't bore me." His eyes returned to a closed position.

"Oh my God. Terror really turns you into an ass."

That worked a shaky laughter out of him. "No, it just makes me more truthful."

"Good, then, why did you leave Ireland to live in the States?"

The plane had begun to level out, but just as soon as Cal turned a pair of tolerant blue eyes at me, the plane banked left and it looked like the bottom of the world fell out from underneath him. He was back to crushing my hand and shutting his eyes, but he still managed to sputter a few more f-words before saying...

"It's my turn." His voice was thick and full of fear. As mean as it might sound, seeing him like this was a wonder to behold. This was the realest Cal had ever been with me. "Favorite band, musician, whatever. Say New Kids on the Block , though, and I'm jumping off the plane."

New Kids on the Block I laughed. "Actually, I was partial to The Jonas Brothers as a girl."

The Jonas Brothers If Cal's eyes were opened he would have rolled them. "Jeez. I mean real musicians."

Yes, he was being an ass, but he was a cute ass, and I was having fun intentionally irritating him. Probably why I couldn't help curling into him. He looked like he could use the comfort anyway. I hooked my other hand around his arm and rested my head on his shoulder. It was nice, and he smelled nice, and I knew he appreciated the gesture when he laid his head upon mine. Hearing his sigh was nice, too.

"Real musician?" I said, thinking and tapping a finger on his shapely bicep. "That's easy. John Mayer."

"Better choice. For me, it's always been the Eagles. They've written some of the truest lyrics I've ever heard."

Eagles. I couldn't help but smile. "Cool. You'll have something in common to chat about with Dad when he picks us up at the airport in Des Moines."

Cal's hand tightened around mine for a second or two, and he raised his head. Seeing that I wasn't going to add anything more, he laid his head back down. I'd just given him another something to worry about.

"He's an Eagles fan, too?"

Eagles "Devout. You'd swear 'Hotel California' was his theme song as much as he listens to it."

Cal's laugh was hesitant, but genuine this time, and there was no shakiness with it. It was good to hear. The plane was leveling out. He was relaxing. His thumb was playing lightly along the side of my hand.

"'Desperado'," he said, his voice taking on a wistful quality that made me curious. "That would be mine. And I'm extremely partial to 'The Sad Café . '"

. It's sad. The things my dad loved I never paid attention to when I was growing up. I never cared to listen to the Eagles , even when Dad encourage me to, told me I would love this one song. Which one, I can't remember. I was too lost in my own little world of boy bands , Leonardo DiCaprio and Titanic, my fascination with weather and my desire to become a meteorologist . I didn't know these songs that ran with such feeling for Cal. Made it hard to connect with him, but it also made me wonder what the lyrics might reveal about him. For the first time, I really wanted to listen to the Eagles.

Eagles , Titanic, . Eagles. I didn't know what to say in response, so we sat in silence for a while. I'm sure the people around us were relieved.

Somewhere during the silence, while Cal and I held hands and I listened to him breathe, the stewardesses began their march down the aisle with breakfast, or what they called breakfast—plastic-wrapped pastries, granola and yogurt, or semi-fresh fruit. When they reached us, Cal planted a kiss atop my head, patted my arm, and sat up. Was that his way of saying thank you? If so, I would hold his hand on the next take off as well as the next two landings.



I asked the stewardess, whose nametag read Lisa, for a yogurt and a lemon-lime soda. That would hold me over until we landed.

Lisa, "And for you, sir?" she asked Cal. She was pretty. Blonde hair. Red lips. Attractive legs. She made sure Cal knew it, too. See what I'm saying? He just has this thing about him. All women see it. Who cared that he had been holding my hand!

my "Coffee, black."

Black coffee? Bluckey. Everything with Cal was to one extreme or the other.

"Anything besides coffee?" Lisa the stewardess asked as she poured. I was waiting for her to add, Tea? Me?

Tea? Me? "No, thank you. I don't eat this early. Coffee will do."

Lisa popped a lid on his cup and handed it to him with an appreciative smile. "Let me know if there's anything else I can get for you."

If Cal poured on the charm, I would poke him in the ribs.

"We're good," he said with nothing more than a nod. "Thank you."

She left him with a "you're welcome" that would have knocked the socks off any other man. Cal seemed unfazed. Me, on the other hand, was tempted to choke her flirtatious little stewardess's neck with my seatbelt.

I whispered in his ear as she passed. "She probably sells little children in the slave market on the side. I wouldn't trust her."

He turned to me with a smile. "At least she doesn't rob banks."

I couldn't say anything to that. He just laughed with me, silently reminiscing the first hour of our Friday night "date," the night we met. He took a sip of his coffee and quietly reveled in it.

"Good?" I asked him.

"Not the best in the world, but it'll do in a pinch."

I took a bite of yogurt. Same. "Sure you don't want something to eat?"

"Not here. Maybe later."

I almost laughed. "You look like you're feeling better, at least."

"Sort of."

"Only sort of?"

"We still have to land."

This time I did laugh. He said that with such dismay it hit my funny bone. "If you were this afraid of flying, Cal, why did you agree to it? We could have driven."

He looked at me like the answer was so obvious it made my question redundant. "It's what you wanted."

His answer shook me up a little. Cal was almost as self-effacing as Mom. How much of his life had been about performing whatever action was asked of him? Cal had only vaguely alluded to it, but the scary part was, he admitted he wouldn't have gotten onto a plane for a client no matter what they offered him. And yet, he boarded a plane for my sake. Cal hadn't needed to, nor should he have done a thing just because I wanted him to. I haven't been that good to him for him to bend over backward for me.

"Well, next time we do what you want. Deal?"

Cal raised and lowered his eyebrows uncommittedly. "If we make it down to the ground in one piece...sure."

"Oh no," I said, giving him a reassuring pat on the hand. "We're making it to Des Moines. I don't care what I have to do. I can't wait for you to meet Dad."

The wariness in his expression was almost as bad as when the boarding call came over the airport's loudspeaker. "Don't remind me."

"No need to worry. Dad might be on the fence about you at the moment, but as soon as he finds out you're an Eagles fan, you'll have made a new best friend."

Eagles My assurances hadn't convinced Cal, but that was okay. I had a feeling their introduction wasn't going to be as bad as I had initially thought. Cal would have to give up his last name before it happened, though. I couldn't very well introduce him as Cal the Ginger Gigolo, now could I. The question was, how would I pry the information out of him?



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : I wanted to put a few of the Eagles' songs here, but most of the original recordings have been pulled from YouTube. They're probably available on Vimeo if you want to take a listen. "Hotel California" - released in 1977 and written by Don Felder, Don Henley, and Glenn Frey. "Desperado" - 1973, written by Glenn Frey and Don Henley. "The Sad Café " - 1979, written by Don Henley and Glenn Frey.

Author's Note Author's Note : I wanted to put a few of the Eagles' songs here, but most of the original recordings have been pulled from YouTube. They're probably available on Vimeo if you want to take a listen. "Hotel California" - released in 1977 and written by Don Felder, Don Henley, and Glenn Frey. "Desperado" - 1973, written by Glenn Frey and Don Henley. "The Sad Café " - 1979, written by Don Henley and Glenn Frey.





Chapter 20





The landing in Phoenix went about the same as the take off in Los Angeles. While the plane descended toward the runway, and Cal muttered a string of incomprehensible curses, we asked inane questions about each other only best friends, family or lovers would know.





Favorite car: Cal—Ferrari, typical male response; me—Nissan Juke, which Cal found hilarious.

Favorite color: me—anything that represented home, blue skies, green grass, yellow corn, white gypsum; Cal—blacks and grays. He called them "dependable colors," and for his line of work, I believed him.

Dream vacation: me—the French countryside full of vineyards, lavender fields, and castles. Cal—Venice, Italy. Why? He said it's because of the history. I said it's because he's a hopeless romantic and doesn't want to admit to it, to which he laughed but didn't deny.

We might have discussed most embarrassing moments if Cal had been willing to give one up, but since he kept silent, I kept silent. I filled Cal in on my love of horses and wide-open country, and what it was like growing up on a farm as a kid. Cal told me of his similar fondness for animals, but particularly dogs, big dogs like Great Danes or German Shepherds, though he had never owned a dog in his life. Too high maintenance to fit his lifestyle, he said. (I could have said something to that as well, like "change your lifestyle," but I decided I would be a good girl and keep my thoughts to myself.)

For all Cal did divulge about himself, he never once got personal. I have never met someone so secretive, so unwilling to give up what makes him who he is. Nor did I have the right to press him on it, but I had already told him so much about me. I showed him pictures on my cell phone of Dad with his fuzzy red beard and told him how we called him Red Beard the Cowboy sometimes. He had already seen the picture of Mom and me, but I showed him others of her and her attempts at remaining young looking with modern hairstyles and stylish clothing (though she refused to go under the knife for anyone). I even revealed my goofy-looking, but much beloved little brother. Baylor is the epitome of everything a nineteen-year-old should be—thinks he knows everything, long hair half hanging in his face, gothy wristbands, t-shirts of his favorite bands—but nothing like the cute little boy he used to be. I miss the kid. The nineteen-year-old gets on my nerves sometimes.

I didn't skip on Logan, either. He saw all of our silly pictures together, even the ones where I made corny faces at the camera. He saw Logan's kids, her husband, pictures of us by the pool at her house last summer. I had revealed so much about my family Cal would know them by sight if not by heart when he met them.

And what did I get in return? Cal likes to drive fast cars and he wished he had a dog. Sounded like he had a super fun childhood. Just wish I knew what the truth was. What am I going to say when people start asking me questions about him? Because you know they will. Family, even distant family, is some of the nosiest people in the world.

"So, what does Cal do for a living, Olivia? How long has he lived in the States? What part of Ireland is he from? What's his family like? Are they good people? Have you met his parents yet? What about his close friends? They ought to be a good judge of his character. Does he have any siblings? Is he marriage material? What's his temperance like? Does he seem like the sort of man who will make a good father?"

At which point, I would begin to scream the scream of a woman gone recently insane. I have no answers to these questions. Not one. Well, the first one yes, but I couldn't very well tell everyone Cal is a gigolo. The point is, I had given my whole self to him, body and soul dammit, and he wouldn't give me anything. There I was, seated next to the man who was supposed to be my "boyfriend." We were taxiing toward the airport, getting ready to deplane, and all the while I was quietly realizing that I had nothing left of my life to give up. In return, Cal had given me nothing. I didn't even know the man's last name!



As the city of Phoenix, Arizona passed by out the window, Cal touched my hand. "Are you alright?" he asked.

I gave him a smile. "Yeah."

"You've been quiet."

"I'm all talked out."

The plane came to a stop. The engines revved down to silence. Cal stared into my eyes, trying to figure me out. He knew, and I think I saw an apology in his eyes. He had the same look on his face he wore the night at the Orpheum. But did he open up? Nope.

When the captain started rambling about the layover in Phoenix, Cal turned away; and when the stewardesses directed all passengers toward the exit, he took it as an opportunity to get our bags from the overhead compartment (in other words, avoid me). He was eager to set his feet on the ground but gentlemanly enough to halt the gathering crowd so as to let me out first. He followed me out of the plane, down the gangway, and toward our next gate without saying much at all. His growling tummy talked louder than he did.

We found our gate, and found seats in time to freshen up and grab a bite to eat before our next flight boarded. There wasn't time to be choosy. The closest place had soups, salads, and sandwiches. We ate in uneasy silence while I went back to a book I'd started reading in LAX, and Cal popped in earbuds. Every so often, I would steal a glance at him over my book (as surreptitiously as possible, mind you) only to find that he was looking right at me or at some part of me like my bobbing foot that I'd hooked over one leg or my hand as I stuck a strand of hair behind my ear. Big boost to a girl's confidence, right? You better believe it! But that wasn't even the most interesting part. It's that every time I caught him looking, he'd look away and pretend he was looking at something else.

That went on for a while, and each time he got better and better at not letting me catch him, until about fifteen minutes before boarding time. Cal stood and took a smaller carry bag out of the duffle.

"I'll be right back."

"Where are you going?"

He raised the bag. "Change."

"What for?" I asked the question in all seriousness. He looked fine to me, but then, he always looked fine to me. So, I had to tease him. "Oh, clean underwear, right?"

"Right," he said with that grinning grimace of his, which couldn't help but give me the giggles. Cal rolled his eyes at me and then pointed at his rumpled shirt. "I'd like to look a little more presentable when we get to Des Moines. First impressions and all that."

I shooed his concerns. "Dad dresses like a cowboy, Cal. You look fine."

"You said I looked terrible and slept-in."

"I didn't mean it in a mean way. So, your hair is a little messy and your clothes are wrinkly. At least you don't smell like a horse."

He smirked. "I'll be right back."

He turned and I, feeling guilty, called him back. His frown said he was expecting the worse. "Actually, Cal, I like you disheveled as much as I like you flawless."

And I meant it. That won me the half smile, which always managed to curl my toes. God, he's gorgeous! Corny to keep saying it, I know, but they say honesty is the best policy. It wasn't fair that he should have this sort of effect on me, and yet be so unattainable. When Cal stepped back toward me, his baby blues were like magnets. I had no idea what he had in mind until he leaned down and kissed the side of my mouth. It was the first time we had come close to a real kiss since our stay at the hotel. His lips were as sweet against my skin as they had been then.

Cal rose and would have turned to walk away once more if he hadn't stopped to look at me. Something sat on the edge of those sweet lips, wanting to be said. I waited, breath bated, for it to voice itself. He reached into his breast pocket and handed me his boarding pass.



"Hold it for me. In case I lose it."

I grabbed it as if he might yank it out of reach at the last second. Cal didn't wait to see me look at the thick strip of paper like a child examining a wrapped Christmas present—he disappeared through the crowd—but that's exactly how I felt. He had just given me a piece of himself and I was nervous to discover it. It was stupid to react this way. It's just a name, dummy, I told myself. But it wasn't just a name. It was his name, his last name, a connection to who he is and where he came from. I know I shouldn't have been excited, but I was.

It's just a name, dummy, a his his I didn't look until I was sure he was lost in the crowd. My book was forgotten. I searched the printed paper for the one name I recognized—Callum. There beside it, as Irish as anything I knew, was the last name Kearney.

Callum Kearney. I liked it. It fit him.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I have a lot of nerve calling my family, and even Rosalyn, nosy. Livy Morton is a nosy busybody herself. Insatiable curiosity has always been a bad Morton trait. It's what got Baylor into trouble so often as a kid. Dad's curiosity about life outside of marriage was what put he and Mom on the outs. It's what put me in the field of meteorology, and it's probably what would piss Cal off when he came back (which, when I think about it, might be interesting to see, as I have yet to see him pissed off). Bad Olivia Morton with her terrible bout of curiosity was currently digging in Cal's duffle bag.

I don't know what I had hoped to find, or thought I would find, besides a change of clothes, couple pairs of socks, a zip-up hoodie (in case he got cold, I guess), sunglasses, earbuds, iPod, cell phone charger, back up battery charger (this man prepares well), and...ooohhh, an iPad. Not as good as a cell phone, but close.

I looked up, ready to zip it closed if he was on his way back, but I didn't see him. Discretely, possibly by accident, maybe on purpose, whistling while I looked at the ceiling, I pressed the home button. Saw the standard starry sky background, pressed it again. Damn. Password locked. Should have known.

No new news there.

So, I popped in his earbuds and tried to rifle through his music, but his iPod was locked, too. Maybe if I knew more about him, I could guess at his password. I was sneering at the stupid thing when a hand appeared over my shoulder and pulled on the earbuds. They popped from my ears in time for me to look over and see Cal standing over me, suspicion framing his features.

"Have you been rummaging through my things?"

Damn, he cleaned up well. Cal walked around the aisle of seats for me to notice he was still wearing the same jeans, but he had swapped canvas shoes for black dress shoes, a black shirt for a tucked-in white shirt, which he held in place with a black leather belt, and he topped it all off with a black blazer. Oh, and he'd combed that mussy muffin top on his head. If we weren't in the middle of a crowded airport, and if my stomach wasn't doing flips for being caught with my hand in the cookie jar, I could ravish him where he stood.



I covered it up good, though. I gave him the same sneer I'd been giving his iPod. "What kind of friend do you think I am?"

"The sneaky kind." He was grinning when he took the iPod out of my hand, the duffle bag off the seat and sat down, but the suspicious expression never left his face.

"I just wanted to see what sort of music you listened to."

Cal tossed in the iPod, as well as the small carry bag and zipped the duffle shut. "I thought we discussed that."

"Oh my God, you told me about one musical group. You could have elaborated."

"So, my last name isn't enough for you?"

"No, Mr. Kerney, it isn't." I said this with a smile, happy to say it aloud for the first time.

"It's Car- nee," Cal corrected with a frown, "not Ker ney."

Car- Ker Well, there went that. "Oh. Sorry."

Stretching an arm across the seat behind me, Cal leaned toward me, his gaze as intense as direct sunlight. "What more do you want from me, Miss Morton?"

My throat clicked when I swallowed. "Oh, not much. Just everything...you feel comfortable telling me."

He smiled at my slip-up, knowing it wasn't exactly a slip-up, but not for long. "And I would love to give you everything you want, Livy, but I'm also very protective of my private life."

"I know you are, Cal," I said, patting the hand that wasn't trying to sneak its way around my shoulder. "But either you're honest with me about some things, so neither of us looks like complete liars in front of everyone I know, or we create convincing corroborating stories only fit for a client's ears."

Cal's hand had eventually made its way around my shoulder. He now squeezed my upper arm. It wasn't a crushing squeeze, but it wasn't gentle either. I think I found out how to piss Cal off. Bringing up the other side of his life seemed to do it.

"You're not my client, Livy. You're my friend."

"Friends are honest with each other."

"A friend also respects the other's wishes," he said with such finality it made my heart ache. "My personal life is mine, and that is how I wish it to stay...at least, for the time being."

The vehemence in his eyes made me lower mine. "Okay, I'm sorry, but I'm not playing the reporter here, as you seem to think—"

"That's not what I think, Livy."

I forced myself to meet his eyes. "Still, you should know, every person you're going to meet over the next few days isn't going to care how protective you are of your private life. You are going to meet country people, Cal, and there are no secrets with country people. Everyone knows everything about everyone in our little corner of Iowa."

The frown on his face grew by the second. "I'm not from Iowa."

"Exactly. That and the fact that you're Irish are going to make you something of a celebrity. Everyone is going to want to know who you are and where you're from and why you're there."

"You know the answers to all three of those questions."

"Yes, but it's going to seem pretty strange if someone asks me what you do for a living and I don't have an answer for them."

Cal sighed and removed his arm so he could rub both hands over his face. This was trying on him. I could see it, but it was high time he got used to it. If he thought this was bad, just wait until he met my dad.

"I've been trying to dodge the occupation question with my mom for weeks, Cal. I've just been making shit up. She thinks you're an astronaut right now."



Cal turned a flabbergasted look at me. "Are you serious?"

"No, I'm joking," I said, trying not to laugh and doing a terrible job of it. "Of course, she doesn't think you're an astronaut, silly. She thinks you're a traveling salesman and that's why we're hardly ever together."

Cal raised eyebrows and shoulders and hands all at the same time as if to say, True enough. "Well then, if anyone asks, you can tell them I'm a traveling salesman paying his way through culinary school."

True enough. He had to be nuts. I laughed. "Culinary school? You couldn't come up with a better story than that?"

"It's the truth."

It was hard to tell by his voice if that was a question or a statement, but the look on his face said he wasn't joking. "Oh. Really? For how long?"

"For longer than I've known you."

That wasn't exactly an answer. "Are you any good?"

"I think you asked me that question once before," he said with a devious grin.

I responded with my own. "If I did, I wasn't talking about cooking. Besides, you couldn't have mentioned something about this secret ability before I regaled on my lack of skill in the kitchen?"

"You might have made me cook dinner."

"Possibly. Doesn't mean I won't still ask."

"Now that you know, I'm sure you will. You'll probably bribe me into cooking for your entire family."

"Now, Cal, I wouldn't put you on the spot like that; though, since we're on the subject of family, what do I tell someone who asks me about yours?"

Cal turned away from me and sighed again. "Well, I would tell you it's not up for discussion, but you'll badger me to death anyway, so..."

"Oh, come on, Cal."

When he sat back, I saw that his face had reddened. Anger? Embarrassment? Frustration at my questions? I didn't know, but he was gentle when he touched his hand to the side of my face.

"I don't have a family. My parents are both deceased and I was an only child."

"I'm so sorry, Cal."

Sometimes family can be hell, but I wouldn't give my crazy Morton Bunch up for anything. Hard to imagine not having a family at all.

His frustration eased, and he looked away from me. "Don't be. Anything else?"

"Only a gazillion different little things, but I guess it could wait." I shrugged. "I can't promise you anyone else will."

"Do me a favor? Let me worry about it. Okay?"

I nodded. It was hard to say anything else, especially with him so close. When he touched my face, brushing one thumb along my cheek, fingers losing themselves in the hair behind my ear, I swear every person in the airport disappeared. There was only Cal and I, him irritated by my prying questions and yet moved by my sorrow for his loss; and I, completely enraptured, held captive by his nearness, his touch, and the ice-cold burning desire in his blue eyes. They flit between his focus on me to searching for my lips. He wanted to kiss me. Here, in the airport, surrounded by hundreds of people who were at this moment mere figments of my imagination.

The airport might have disappeared, Phoenix itself might have disappeared, Cal might have kissed me with all the frustrated passion he had in him, and I might have let him, had I not come to my senses in time.

"Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity..."

"Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity..." Thanks, Eminem, but it wasn't you. It was the second boarding call of the day coming over the loudspeaker, and one simple fact. Next week, Cal would go back to being a gigolo.

Cal pulled away when my imagination told me he had pulled me closer. I felt empty for a few seconds when Cal grabbed his bag and I fumbled with a bookmarker and my own carry-on. It was a struggle to get sensible, rational Livy back together, but I managed it.

We were standing in line, ready to board when I asked, "Ready for your second take-off of the day, Mr. Kearney?"

I used that last name like a weapon and made sure I pronounced it right, too.

"No, I'm not," Cal said with no smile at all.

Despite his irrational fear and his annoyance with me, he sure did smell nice. Wonder what brand of cologne he preferred? I took his hand, smiled up at him and said in a low voice, "Don't worry, Cal. I'll be right by your side when the plane goes down."

When he looked at me, I saw both exasperation and adoration in his expression. "Then, I guess I'll die happy."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 21




Believe it or not, Cal fell asleep on the final leg of the flight. That's how I found out the reason for the old hoodie in his bag. Neck pillow. You'd think he would have splurged for an actual one, but then again, I thought he would have reclined the seat like everyone else. What did Cal do? Rolled the hoodie into a comfortable shape, slunk down in his chair and set his head on my shoulder. He showed minor interest in the mystery novel I was reading, and then before I knew it (probably before he even knew it) he was out.



His soft breathing, his arm linked through mine, the mere essence of him this close to me made focusing on the words in the novel difficult. Tami Hoag is an excellent novelist, but her words were not as captivating as my ginger gigolo.

I closed the book (reading was pointless anyway) and reached for my phone in the purse crammed next to me. Cal and I hadn't gotten the row to ourselves on this flight. Another woman sat with us, and Cal had been kind enough to offer the window seat even though she didn't pay for it. Generous, isn't he? I sensed the chicken's ulterior motive, but I didn't say a word. Didn't really matter anyway. His comfort gave me the perfect opportunity to do what I had been meaning to do for weeks.

Opening the camera app, I turned the phone this way and that, looking for the best angle. Camera sideways worked best. I leaned my head against Cal's, carefully closed his slightly opened mouth (to which he squirmed, righted his head and went instantly back to sleep), and after a second's hesitation, I smiled into the camera and snapped the shot. Not to worry. I had the volume on mute, so the fake shutter click wouldn't wake him.

I examined my selfie skills and smiled at the results. Cal looked handsome as usual. I had a feeling he would be photogenic, even sound asleep. He probably couldn't take a bad photo. Sometimes he made me sick.

Quickly, before he could wake up and see it, I instant-messaged the photo to Mom via the onboard Wi-Fi, with the caption: See, I told you I didn't make him up. Mom kept her phone glued to her. It wouldn't take long to get a response. The little ellipses were bobbing seconds after she saw the photo.

See, I told you I didn't make him up. My word, honey. Is that Cal?

My word, honey. Is that Cal? Leave it to Mom to ask the obvious.

Yep! Isn't he a cutie?

Yep! Isn't he a cutie? Isn't that what a smitten girlfriend would say? Or what a mother would say about her newborn child? I'm mostly new at this, people! Don't ask me what I said about Dean the first time I introduced him to Mom. I don't remember.

Livy, he passed cute up a long time ago. Cal is on the high side of handsome.

Livy, he passed cute up a long time ago. Cal is on the high side of handsome. I had to hold a hand over my mouth to keep from laughing. Yes, he is. Wait 'til you see him with his eyes open. He didn't sleep well last night. Hates flying.

Yes, he is. Wait 'til you see him with his eyes open. He didn't sleep well last night. Hates flying. Oh, poor thing.

Oh, poor thing. Don't tell him I told you.

Don't tell him I told you. Why?

Why? He's super private and would hate if I said anything.

He's super private and would hate if I said anything. Then, tell him he's coming to the wrong part of the world.

Then, tell him he's coming to the wrong part of the world. I've been trying, but if you can, pass the word. Make sure everyone knows not to ask him too many questions.

I've been trying, but if you can, pass the word. Make sure everyone knows not to ask him too many questions. Mom sent a laughing emoji.

I'm serious, Mom. And tell Dad, too. Send word through Baylor, if you have to.

I'm serious, Mom. And tell Dad, too. Send word through Baylor, if you have to. I'll do what I can, but I can't promise anything. Tell Cal I can't wait to see him with his eyes open.

I'll do what I can, but I can't promise anything. Tell Cal I can't wait to see him with his eyes open. Cal stirred. I texted like a madwoman. A nd don't say anything about the picture. That's for your benefit, not his.

nd don't say anything about the picture. That's for your benefit, not his. She next sent the thinking emoji, the one with the raised eyebrow and the thumb and first finger on its chin. Mom is an emoji overachiever. Every opportunity she gets to use one, she will, but sometimes I wonder about her emoji choices. What was she thinking?



He's not a weirdo, Mom. I promise. He's just... Just what? And why the hell am I making excuses for him? ...super private.

He's not a weirdo, Mom. I promise. He's just... ...super private. Then tell Cal I can't wait to meet him.

Then tell Cal I can't wait to meet him. We texted our goodbyes and see-you-soons, and I pressed the power button. Cal's steady breathing told me he was still asleep, so I rested my head against his and told myself not to worry. "Everything will be fine," had to be my mantra. If I started to think about all the things that could go wrong, I would go crazy.

For example, if Dad didn't get the word from Mom or Baylor, the first thing out of his mouth would be, "So, Cal, tell me about your father." Dad's thing was you can learn a lot about a man by knowing about his father, which is a load of malarkey if you ask me. Baylor and Dad are nothing alike. But Dad believed it. It didn't help that he was already suspicious of Cal, mostly because his daughter was "dating" a man he knew nothing about, but when he discovers Cal's private side his suspicion will crest like a river about to overflow.

Oh, stop it, dummy. You're making it worse!

If I let myself, I could make this an utterly miserable week for both of us simply by treating Cal like Humpty Dumpty. He wasn't an egg, and he wasn't going to break into a million little pieces because someone asked him a question. I need to do as he said. Relax and let him deal with it.

My phone vibrated. I looked down to see I had received an instant-message from Logan. When I opened it, this was what I read: Holy shit, Ollie! Your mom just sent me the picture. Tell me you've already tapped that.

Holy shit, Ollie! Your mom just sent me the picture. Tell me you've already tapped that. Oh my God. Mom pays attention about as well as a kid with ADHD. How do I not worry?!



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I always forget to factor in the time zone change when I travel. When the plane landed in Des Moines, my brain and the watch on Cal's wrist said it was after one o'clock, but the captain fastidiously declared the time as three-ten Central Standard Time. I blame Cal. Listening to the soft beat of his breath as he slept made me drowsy, and even Logan's predictably inappropriate comment couldn't keep me awake (God only knew what would come out of that girl's mouth when she meets Cal). Cal and I were both out when the stewardess woke us to say we were about to land.

"Did I sleep through the whole flight?" he said in a sleep-addled voice, which I found curiously sexy and was sad it went away after a sip of water.

"You must have been more sleep deprived than you thought," I said, handing Cal his hoodie-pillow and buckling in.

"Must have." He snapped the seatbelt into place and pulled it taut, giving me a sly sideways glance. "You're a comfortable pillow, by the way."

"Thanks." Couldn't look him in the eye. My cheeks were too busy smoking.

Cal was chuckling at me, that is until the captain reiterated we were about to begin our descent. "Oh, shit. Here we go again."

I took his hand. "Last time."



"You're damn right it's the last time. We're driving back to Sacramento next week."

"Whatever makes you comfortable, Cal, is what we'll do," I said in an overly sweet voice, giving his oft-used gigoloisms back to him. The tense grin he threw my way so tickled my funny bone, I couldn't help but laugh while the plane landed and Cal vice-gripped my hand.

I joke, but if I'm being honest, my stomach was showing off its acrobatic abilities as much as Cal's. I wasn't about to let him see that my gut was one big knot of nerves. From landing to deplaning to baggage claim, I kept my worries inside. I was sure Cal had enough of his own without me adding to them. Pretending to be my boyfriend and meeting my crazy family just to make my mother happy had to be high on his list. I guess his fear topped mine even if it didn't lessen it.

Cal would not have to face my dad, not the way in which I would. My dad is like the cowboy version of Sherlock Holmes. He could smoke out a lie with very little clues, and he knew how to see around a ruse. I could never get away with anything when I was younger. Didn't do my homework—Dad would figure it out. Blamed something on Baylor—Dad would know who the guilty party was. Made up a story about spending the weekend at Logan's house, when in fact, the plan was to sneak out and worm our way into a party all the cool kids had been invited to—Dad would know what I was up to before I could spin a yarn.

Logan said it was because I couldn't lie to save my skin. I say it's because the man has a sixth sense. He's like that kid from the movie with the same name only without the ability to see dead people. He'll take one look at my face when I introduce Cal as my boyfriend, and say, "Now, hun, tell the truth. How long have you really known him?"

Speaking of Logan, and the picture I fear has gone 'round the world by now, I haven't responded to her yet. (Tapped that, my ass. If anyone had been tapped, it was me. Cal wouldn't let me do any of the tapping.) It was bad enough the picture made it to Logan. If it made it any farther, like to anyone other than Logan, I'm going to spit nails.

While I inwardly feared for Cal and I's sanity over the next several days, we gathered our luggage from baggage claim. Mine was a mix-n-match of different colors and styles that didn't really go together. Some I bought on my own. Some were gifts from Mom and Dad when I went off to college. (Yes, I have luggage that old.) Once we had collected mine, a strategic line of brown leather bags made their way along the baggage carousel toward us. I knew they were Cal's before he took a step toward them. The man certainly had taste; I'll give him that, but those bags had to cost a fortune. My family has money. I don't hide that, but I don't flaunt it either. I make my way with what I earn on my own dime. Cal, on the other hand, spent his hard-earned money like a man who hadn't had money to spend and flaunt in his not too distant past (a past we weren't talking about, but that I was carefully piecing together in a memory folder labeled C A L).

I couldn't look too hard on Cal's expensive fashion sense, though. It might be a point in his favor. Dad was never one to shy away from spending exorbitant amounts of money if he thought the purchase useful and showed reasonably sound judgment, like exotic or foreign wood species as building materials, or purchasing Arabian stallions for stud service. Dad was also one of those guys who appreciated manliness. He looked for the strong handshake, the assertive personality, the hard worker (and if you wore a cowboy hat, spit chewin' tobackie and adjusted your junk in public, so much the better).

This "rule" was a state of contention between Dad and I when I first started dating Dean. He wasn't manly enough to suit Dad. Dean was an accounting major. He loved crunching numbers instead of bones in manly arm wrestles, and to Dad, that made him a "sissy," but Dean hadn't taken long to win him over with his quick wit. Intelligence counted as a high score in Dad's world. When I told him Dean and I were over a couple of years ago, he had been heartbroken, not to mention a little angry with me.



Cal had several attributes in his favor, however. He certainly had manliness down. One of the many things I remember noting about him the first time we met was his firm handshake. Dad would appreciate that. His wardrobe choice, his confident demeanor, even his no-fuss hairstyle would all be a plus for Dad. Cal's Irishness could only help. There's a touch of Irish in our family. Accounts for the red hair Dad passed down to me.

These things I told myself if only to calm the anxiety building within as we left baggage claim. Dad would be right around the corner. Then would come the first meeting, the first handshake, the first words. Pushing the luggage cart, Cal looked more calm and collected than I did. I found myself straightening the collar of Cal's blazer and the hair on the side of his head where he had laid his head on my shoulder. Eventually, he got fed up with me.

"Would you stop."

"Your hair is sticking out."

I licked three fingers and raised my hand to smooth the errant hairs before it hit me... Oh my God, I had become my mother! Cal still had to catch my hand and stop me. The urge was too great.

"It is not," he said, looking at me and my three wet fingers as if I had lost my mind. "I checked."

"But it's a small spot." I reached again. He swatted my hand.

"Livy, leave it. Your father is right there."

"What? Where?"

Both hands on the cart, Cal raised his chin. Sure enough, standing in front of a line of automatic glass doors was my large as life cowboy father. He looked the part, too. The black suede hat, the rugged boots, the buttoned denim shirt, the beard. Dwindling daylight outside silhouetted a man in his early sixties who looked like he had just ridden in on his trusted steed. The pudginess around his middle meant he ate one too many Twinkies while riding said steed.

"How did you know?" I asked Cal.

"Because you showed me a picture, remember?"

"Oh yeah."

"And I see the resemblance."

Dad caught sight of me through the crowd, put on a big cheesy grin and waved. I might be quaking in my imaginary boots on how he was going to take Cal, but boy, it was good to see him again.

"Okay, he's coming this way." I patted Cal on the arm. "Don't be nervous."

"I'm not nervous. I have it under control."

After all the fretting Cal had done over the course of our two flights, I thought he was full of it until I really looked at him. Calm as a cucumber. He had snuffed his worry out like a match and thrown on the suave smile I well remembered from our "first date." I swear it was like watching someone slip on a mask.

For all the good it did him. Dad didn't spare Cal a glance. "There's my girl," he said in his gravelly voice from one too many cigars over the years. He came straight at me and wrapped me up in the biggest bear hug. "It sure is good to see you, hun."

"You too, Dad."

Is there anything better than being in Daddy's arms? It's a feeling I've missed every day since I moved to California, even when he was being a dad. Like now, for instance. Ignoring Cal as if he didn't exist. So, I humanized him a little.

Pulling away, I patted Dad's belly. "Looks like Linda has been treating you too good, Dad. Gaining a little weight, are we?"

"Maybe a little," he answered, chastising me with a look and a wag of his finger. "But I'm working it off. Cobalt puts me through my paces."



He looked up then to Cal standing a few steps away. Though I wondered at his reason for hiding behind the luggage cart, Cal didn't flinch. Still calm as a cucumber, he met Dad's eyes squarely and stuck out his hand. I couldn't determine if it was an act or if he really was that unruffled to meet my dad (considering the chicken I met on the airplane; note to self: don't tell Dad that Cal is afraid of heights), but I determined one thing right away—I wasn't the only one Cal knew how to read. He had my dad pegged. For how long? Hard to say, but Cal seemed to know Dad would respect directness, and he was right on the money. Waiting to be introduced was what put Dean on Dad's "sissy list" the first day they had met.

Watching the two of them shake hands weirded me out and eased my nervousness all at the same time. It was hard to explain. My dad was appreciating the firm handshake of a man who had used that very hand to do things to me Dad would likely kill him over, and yet with it, they were forging a manly bond, though miniscule and hard to see at that moment. See what I'm saying? Weird.

"Cal, I believe?"

"Yes, sir." Cal went full boyfriend and put his arm around me. How sweet. "It's nice to finally meet you, Bryan. I've heard a lot about you."

Dad smiled, but I would know his fakery from a mile away. "Really? That's interesting. Olivia hasn't told us a thing about you."

Only my dad would be so abrupt. I waited for Cal to stiffen beside me, but he didn't. He was as relaxed standing there talking to my dad, as he had been terrified on the airplane. I'm the one who stiffened.

Before Cal had a chance to defend himself, I opened my mouth. "Oh, don't be a crab, Dad. I had my reasons. Let's leave it at that."

"Simple Iowan curiosity, is all, hun," he answered before turning his eyes back to Cal. "And I think the man can speak for himself, can't he?"

"He can," Cal said with a humor I didn't think he would be able to find.

"Good, then I'd like to know more about the second man in eight years to catch my finicky daughter's attention."

"Oh God," I muttered.

Cal squeezed my arm. "I take full responsibility for catching her attention, and for the non-disclosure. I apologize. I have a tendency to not give away too much of myself until I know someone better. Livy knows this quite well."

"You can say that again...sweetheart," I said, looking up at him with my fake girlfriend smile.

I saw a hint of his world-famous grimace before he added, "And I well know of her finicky nature."

Had we not been standing in front of my dad, I would have kicked him in the shin. The jerk.

Something curious passed in Dad's gaze. I couldn't tell if he believed us, didn't know what to make of either of us or if thought we were a bunch of lying lunatics. Either way, he came to some conclusion with a nod of his head.

"Well, let's get your luggage loaded into the Humvee. We've got a good drive ahead of us. Plenty of time to get to know one another."

Yes, a Humvee. You heard him right. Dad the showoff and his many toys. Right outside on the curb sat Dad's camouflage-painted vehicle that he coined Desert Storm , or as I like to call it, the Gas-Guzzling Road Hog. No, it's not really a Humvee (it's a Hummer), and Dad did not fight in Desert Storm. He just liked to name his toys the way he named his horses. Never joined the military, either. That was Granddad. Dad's gun-toting days involved little more than him, the early morning, and an unsuspecting deer. The Humvee did have one positive point—its large rear storage capacity. Cal and Dad were able to fit our luggage behind the back seat with room to spare, like if their manly conversation bored me to such terrible tears that I wanted to climb back there and listen to Cal's iPod.

Desert Storm

"These leather beauties are yours, Cal?" Dad said, patting the last of Cal's bags before shutting the back hatch. Yep, Dad loved them as I thought he would.

"Yes, sir, they are."

"Where'd you get them?"

I mostly ignored this conversation. Again, men and their toys. I listened halfheartedly while Cal talked about his favorite manly store in Malibu and how he shopped there wherever he was in the area. All I really heard was "whenever I'm in the area," which invariably meant "on business," and which also invariably forced me to think about who his regulars were in Malibu when I really didn't want to know. My job here was simply to give the two men as much free space as possible, to let them have the front seats to themselves, to let them talk, find common ground. Not an easy job for someone like me, who preferred to steer the conversation than let it flow. I was nervous for Cal. I was nervous for me. I was nervous Dad would ask something completely inappropriate.

"So, Cal, before we take off into the wild blue yonder, tell me...do you love my daughter?"

Like that! I thought my stomach was going to come up into my throat. Worse than that, worse than having Dad call my fake boyfriend out on his fake love for me, was Cal's non-reaction. Other than a questioning cock of his head and a slight frown, he was completely unfazed. I, on the other hand, sat forward, crammed myself in between the two front seats, seatbelt be damned, and put an end to the question before Cal could even think of answering it.

"Oh my God, Dad." I hit him on the arm. "Are you for real? The two of you have only just said hello and had one serious conversation about luggage ."

luggage I felt Cal touch my wrist, but I didn't look at him. I knew what he would say. Let me handle it. I'm sorry, but he didn't know my Dad. He was a big teddy bear, but he could also be a big jackass.

Let me handle it. "Cool your jets, Livy," Dad said, turning in his seat to look me square in the eye. He knew where I was going. I have called him out on his jackassedness before. "I'm not being an ass. This is a legitimate question a father is required to ask."

"A legitimate question you don't ask the minute you meet someone, Dad." Or should I have said, a legitimate question I don't care to here Cal struggling to answer? "I don't recall you ever asking Dean that question."

"The situation with Dean was different."

"How?"

"How?" "Who's Dean?" Cal said.

The interruption was timely for Dad's side of the argument. He indicated he had won with a raise of his eyebrows; the winning answer being that Cal knew nothing of my ex, which in turn meant Cal and I couldn't possibly be serious as a couple, thus the legitimacy of his question. See what I mean when I say Dad knows how to sniff out a ruse? Dad one, Livy zero.

He was trying to protect me. I know that. That's what good dad's do, but sometimes I could punch him in the nose.

I turned away from Dad's annoying you-know-I'm-right look, sat back and answered Cal's question. "My ex-boyfriend."

Cal did his own eyebrow raising. "Ah, that guy."

No, I hadn't mentioned a thing about Dean to Cal. He was playing along, trying to get us out of the hot seat. I guess I should be grateful and relieved that Dad hadn't jumped out with the "tell-me-about-your-father" line, but I wasn't. Cal was acting, playing the agreeable boyfriend for my dad's benefit. It was the one ruse Dad couldn't see past, simply because Cal was that good. I could see it. I knew the real Cal, the one who didn't hide behind a different mask, each one suited for the occasion or the person he encountered. Cal wasn't stupid, either. He could see it was getting under my skin.

I

He turned in his seat and rested a hand on my knee. He wasn't helping.

"Now I see where Livy gets her candor," Cal said, his eyes on me.

"Yep, it's a Morton family stigma, a cross we must bear," Dad said, apologetic. "I'm sorry, hun. I'll rephrase the question."

"No, it's okay. I want to answer it."

One of those horror-movie chills crawled up my spine. "You don't have to, Cal. Dad's just being facetious. Aren't you, Dad?"

Dad threw it right back at me with a big cheesy grin. "If that's what you want to believe, hun."

I was ready to go on a nose-punching rampage when Cal patted my knee. He was curiously glancing between Dad and I, the realization slowly dawning on him how much like my dad I really am. The attitude truly is a family stigma. Some families only have to deal with lazy eyes or extra digits on their hands or big ears. We Morton's have been jackasses for centuries. Still, this was no reason for Cal to look so thoroughly entertained.

"It's okay, babe."

Did he call me what I think he called me? What he told me in Phoenix, Let me deal with it , still played on the edge of his lips, but it's what was about to come out of his mouth, and what I saw in his eyes, that had me on edge.

Let me deal with it "I absolutely adore your daughter."

Cal's eyes were on me when he said it. Any normal woman, stupidly mesmerized and in love, would have grinned like a fool. Oh, honey, I adore you too, she might have said. I just stared back, a little in awe, a little in shock. This was the first time since I figured him out that I couldn't tell if he was being for real, or playacting.

Oh, honey, I adore you too, "I adore her bluntness, her honesty, her dry sense of humor, even if it's sometimes directed at me, and the way she'll defend what she cares about, to her own detriment if necessary." He squeezed my knee then; an indication he was speaking of himself. "That is where we differ, though. I'm a loner of a sort, or was before I met her. Where Livy is open and outspoken, I tend toward reticence. I wish I could be like her. So yes, I love her. I've loved her since I first saw her on television. Livy is everything I am not."

was Do you remember the scene in your favorite movie, where the main character confesses their love for their significant other—example...Mr. Darcy confessing his love for Elizabeth, or that scene at the end of The Lake House where Sandra Bullock and Keanu Reeves finally meet face to face? Remember that? Your heart is soaring. You're grinning like a loon and gushing like a fire hydrant at the same time. Remember?

The Lake House Well, that was not happening here. If crickets could have been heard over the sounds of a busy international airport, all three of us would have heard crickets inside my dad's Humvee. If anyone was grinning like a loon, it was Cal. I, however, had become a frozen statue. Dad looked questioningly between the two of us, totally believing Cal's every word and yet dumbfounded at my blank expression. I knew I had to make this right. I had to make Dad believe my heart was swelling with love for the man giving quite the Oscar-worthy performance. He had to be. There's no way he was actually confessing his love for me.

I threw on a smile that I hoped made me appear completely enamored. "Oh, Cal..." Say, I love you, too, dammit. Say it! Ugh, I can't! "You're such a sap."

Say, I love you, too, dammit. Say it! Ugh, I can't! The stalemate ended right there. Dad cracked up laughing, and if Cal could have given me a thumbs up, I think he would have. I read the approval in his eyes. Good job, it said.

Good job, "And that is why I adore her," Cal said.

That was the truth. Everything else he said might have been a bigger load than a pile of dinosaur poop, but those words rang true. Guess I adore him, too. From the hairs on his head to the tips of his toes and every single part of his sexy body in between, Cal had a lot to adore.

"Good answer, Cal," Dad said and cranked the engine. "That's my Livy. She's one of a kind."

"Yes, she is."

I ignored how good that sounded to my ears, as well as the absolute adoration in Cal's eyes. I had to, otherwise, I would start to think everything he said was the truth. The back of Dad's seat took a smack from me before I buckled myself in for the ride.

"Yeah, yeah, you're both saps. Let's get moving. I'm ready to go home."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 22





With Dad behind the wheel, a "good drive" (about an hour or so) turned into forty-five minutes. We got out of Des Moines, bypassed the biggest part of the city and hit country roads in no time. Our ride through southern Iowa stretched across flat, open country interspersed with cornfields, farms, churches and a few populated small towns like Oskaloosa and Ottumwa. All of it familiar to me, part of who I was growing up, and who I am (I've never been much of a city girl), but for Cal, it was all new.

Once we hit the road, something other than me or the fear of flying captivated Cal's attention. Dad talked him to death about Iowan agriculture and commerce, and while Cal watched the scenery race by, he drank it all in, pointing out the sights that drew his interest. To me, it all looked the same. Sometimes a few low sloping hills broke up the long miles of flat country, making for jaw-dropping landscape eye candy, but Cal relished every sight. I liked seeing this side of him, though, and liked even more that Dad generously sated Cal's curiosity. I added my two Iowan cents as often as I could, but it was Dad who answered most of Cal's questions, and thankfully didn't ask too many of his own. Maybe Mom had reached him after all.

The subject of "love" didn't rear its ugly head again, thank God. I was content to pretend the conversation never happened and thus got over it rather quickly. It didn't seem to weigh too heavily on Cal's conscience either, which was good. The conversation did get deep once or twice, though. Cal managed to slip up and reveal where he did his growing up. I had always pictured the rolling hills of Ireland whenever I imagined his childhood days, but Cal confessed he never knew country life when he was a kid. He grew up in Dublin, far away from the comfort of pastures and farms and countryside churches. Dad and I both tried to draw more out of him, but when Cal was done talking about the past he was done. His answers grew vaguer with every question until I forced a subject change. Dad wouldn't have let go otherwise. He was like a dog with a bone. "There's meat in there somewhere. I can taste it." I could too, but I knew when to leave Cal alone.

Despite those few "bumps in the road," the trip was relatively peaceful. That all changed when I remembered I hadn't powered on my phone. I could have lived my whole life alone on a deserted island and been happy if it meant avoiding what happened next.

Forty, maybe forty-five minutes into our drive, I dug in my purse, pulled the rectangular contraption made of aluminum and glass and electronic parts, and pressed the power button. In less than a minute, my iPhone blew up. Not literally. I didn't have a lithium battery meltdown. The damn thing blew up with instant messages, texts and missed phone calls. Like, did somebody freaking die?! My phone beeped and dinged so many times it drew Cal and Dad's attention. The notifications flashed across my screen and scrolled up so fast, I never had time to read them all. The few I saw on the display screen mere seconds before it gave way to another notification and another, gave me a pretty good idea of what had transpired while Cal and I were in the air. Mom had not listened to me at all .

at all "Congratulations, Livy!"

"He's so handsome!"

"Save a spot on his luscious lips for me!" That was my Aunt Jeanine. Ewww.

"So happy for you!"

"What a hottie!"

Based on the few I saw, everyone believed I was either about to get married, just had a baby boy, or I haven't had a boyfriend in a very long time and now that I supposedly do, it's big big news. I'll take door number three, Monty, because it's the only one that applies.

I typed in my password, accessed Facebook without holding out any hope, and was not pleasantly surprised. My notification box was in the double digits, as was Messenger. I went back to the originator—Mom—and there it was, in vivid color. She had tagged me in the photo. Cal asleep on my shoulder and me grinning like an idiot with a caption underneath that said, My daughter's new boyfriend. Isn't he GORGEOUS?! And in the comments section, question after question, adulations and congratulations, all underneath one big confabulation.

My daughter's new boyfriend. Isn't he GORGEOUS?!

"Oh no."

"Everything okay, babe?"

How I wished Cal would stop calling me that. I kept my phone out of his sight and gave him a smile that said everything was a-okay. Then, my phone rang and I practically jumped out of my seat. It was Logan.

He chuckled. "You sure?"

"I gotta take this," I said as if it were the most important call of the day. "Hello?"

"Hey, Sugar Tits!"

"Hey, Notorious V.A.G." I lacked Logan's enthusiasm, but I managed to make Cal laugh. How to ask about the upcoming Facebook repercussions I'll have to face, that was the question. "I just heard all about Susie Q's big announcement on Facebook. What's going on?"

Susie Q being code for Mom. Dad and Logan would know of who I spoke, but to Cal, I would simply be gossiping with my girlfriend, and he would remain pleasantly unaffected by my screw up. For the time being, anyway.

I could almost hear the smile in Logan's voice because she could hear the tension in mine. "Uh-oh, was someone's picture not supposed to make it over the internet?"

"Logan, I'm serious here."

"You dis me on messenger and now expect me to reveal the consequence of your hasty actions? My dear sweet honey bunches of oats, I know you know me better than that."

"I did not dis you, Logan." She didn't need to see my rolling eyes. It was in every word I spoke. "We were in the air. I had to turn my phone off."

"Really? That's odd. You had time to send the pic to your mom, which, by the way, you should have sent to me first."

I didn't care to be reminded. "I shouldn't have sent it to her , so why would I send it to you?"

her "Hello?" I could see her—her eyes going buggy, her mouth hanging open. Even then, Logan couldn't look bad if she tried. "I'm your best friend, and best friends always run dating choices by their besties before their mothers. We've done this for years."

"Correction, Logan. You've done that for years. Not me."

You've "Oh, baloney! That's this whole secret boyfriend thing talking. How dare you not tell me about this guy? I should have been the first person you told. You knew the second I had eyes on Troy."

the first person I huffed. "I was standing right beside you when you met him."

"That's beside the point. I want a full accounting, Ollie, including the answer to my question."

"It wasn't a question. It was a demand, and I'll tell you about it later."

"What? Is he right beside you?"

"What do you think? Just answer my question please."

my "Oh darn." Something sinister lurked in that statement.

"What?"

"Troy is calling. I have to go."

"Troy is working, Logan."

"Then it must be one of the girls. Buh-bye now."

"No, Logan, don't you—"

"Buh-bye." No doubt she ended the call with a pleasantly malicious grin. Without wasting any more time, I turned the damn phone back off. I didn't want to hear any more well wishes.

Cal met my eyes through the rearview mirror. "Was that the friend you keep telling me about?" He was wearing one of his handsome smiles, still humored over my name for Logan, but like I said before, the man isn't stupid. He's quite intuitive. I was forcing a smile and the drawing of his brows together said he knew it.



"Yeah. That's Logan."

Completely oblivious, Dad said Cal, "Those two have notoriously terrible nicknames for each other," though I hardly heard him or Cal's response. I couldn't quite concentrate on anything except for the online meanderings of a selfie of me with a handsome stranger.

notoriously Not having the constant reminder helped to ease some of the worries as the final miles rolled along. I managed to bury the majority of them listening to Dad talk on and on. By the time black iron fencing began to race by on my right, the rest were mostly gone. The main reason stood off in the distance, down a long and winding road, caught up with the gathering trees. A big rustic house with several silos and stables beyond, and one big red barn whose roof was barely discernible behind the more prominent structures. That was home. It felt like I had been gone forever.

"And there she is," Dad said, pointing to the house in the distance after a very long-winded description of Fairview, a town the Morton's had called home as far back as the late eighteen hundreds.

We turned onto a drive barricaded by iron gates and overtopped with a grey stone arch marked with black letters. Gypsum Equine Breeding Farm, it read. Dad keyed the fob attached to the visor, and the gates opened.

The ranch sat well outside Fairview's city limits. It was at least a good twenty-minute drive into town. Dad always preferred being as far away from the city as possible, and I agreed with him. Country was in our blood. And by the look on Cal's face, it was beginning to seep into his. I watched him from the best seat in the vehicle. He sat forward, mouth slightly agape, watching the horses of different colors and breeds on their afternoon run in the front pin. Some of them were running along with the vehicle as we passed. They knew Daddy was home.

"Beautiful, aren't they?" Dad asked Cal.

"Absolutely."

His enthrallment didn't disappear when the house came into view. It wasn't massive, but it was eye-catching. Half log cabin, half traditional brick home, half medieval castle, the house had three chimneys built from the same rounded river stones as the arch at the front gate. Stone steps led to the log-cabin-style ground level with a wraparound porch and rocking chairs. The whole country nine yards. Beneath the porch, which rested on stone pillars, the land steeply declined, leading to an open lower level basement. From the angle inside the Humvee, all Cal could have seen were the tops of windowpanes and a glass door. The basement was part game room, part man cave. Dad made sure to expound upon his pool table and the full movie theater he kept down there (while I hoped he hadn't spent the money in my absence to install a pinball machine). And on the third level was the traditional brick home, where all the bedrooms were located. The two largest rooms on either end of the house came replete with their own balcony.

I guess if I had never seen a house designed with Dad's particular fancies in mind, I might have gawked myself, but I didn't get why Cal would. He has money. I've no doubt he's slept in far more luxurious surroundings with luxurious women in luxurious locales. Why should this Iowa backdrop mesmerize him so?

Dad drove around to the front of the house, pointing out additions he had added over the years, including the two weather-beaten oak doors that might have welcomed us inside, had he stopped the Humvee and let us out. Instead, he drove around to the rear of the property, toward the stables.

"Dad, aren't we getting out?"

"I want to show you what I had built while you were gone."

"What?"

"I can't tell you. It'll ruin the surprise."

"Oh, I don't like surprises. You know that." Surprises were what got me into this mess.



His eyes sparkled behind the wrinkles that gathered around his temples when he smiled. "You're going to like this surprise. I promise."

"Oh, Dad."

I begged. Dad ignored. Cal grinned from ear to ear. We kept moving on, passed the first set of stables where a tall, grey-haired black man was setting a saddle on a grey mare. He waved as we passed.

"That's Joe Jackson," Dad said. "We call him Shoeless."

"Because he doesn't wear shoes?" Cal asked, frowning curiously.

Dad and I both laughed. I rolled down the window and waved back. Good old Joe. He was a sight for sore eyes.

"No," Dad said. "After that old ball player. Shoeless Joe Jackson."

"I'm sorry," Cal said, a reddish hue on his cheeks. "I don't follow baseball."

Dad patted Cal on the shoulder. "Not to worry, Cal. That'll change while you're here."

Cal turned a raised eyebrow to me. I shrugged and tried not to laugh, while Dad went on to tell the story of Joe Jackson and how he came to work on the ranch. Joe's father and my granddad served in the military together in their younger days, but since they hailed from different states, their two boys had never met. Strangely enough, Dad and Joe met as young men in college and became fast friends, never knowing their shared history. Dad grew up hearing stories of Joe's father and how the two had stuck together in the military despite racial barriers and hatred. It wasn't until after their first year of college that the truth came to light. From then on, the two saw themselves as "related," no matter the differences in their skin color.

"When Joe's pop passed, oh about fifteen years ago now, and Joe fell on hard times, I convinced him and his family to move out here and I gave him a job on the farm. He never looked back." Dad patted Cal's shoulder one more time. "Think about it, Cal. After this week, you might not want to go back to city life."

Yes, my dad had just slyly offer Cal a job.

"I don't know," Cal said, turning that raised eyebrow to me again. "This is beautiful country, but I have a deep love for the city."

He wasn't lying. My memory of how well he fit in with the club scene had not dissipated one bit. A part of me would love to see that side of Cal again, to dance beside him, but not if it meant missing the wonder he expressed for this place. Besides, if I didn't change the subject, Dad would have Cal hired on as a stable boy before he even settled down for a visit.

"So, where's Linda, Dad? Is she in on this surprise?"

"No, she's out of town right now."

"Oh no," I said but thought the exact opposite. Cal was looking at me, reading my faux sad face for all its hidden meanings and finding every one of them.

"Yeah," Dad said, his sad face a genuine one. "She apologizes for not being able to be here. She really wanted to see your face when you see what I've built."

"Oh, well darn. She could have been in on the surprise...whatever the damn thing is."

"Be patient. We're almost there."

We had passed the second stable, the silos were behind us, when ahead, around a bend in the road was a building that stood right where Dad's old tractor shed used to. At first, I didn't know what I was looking at. My mind had always expected to turn that bend and see the tractor shed with its battered oak boards and rusted iron hinges. In its place was the big house in miniature form, decked out with one stone chimney and that old log cabin feel. The biggest difference from the main house, other than its size, was that the lower level was all stable. The upper level was an apartment with a balcony that overlooked the back edge of the property and Cross Creek.



I couldn't poke fun at Cal's gawking anymore. "That's for me?"

"Hell yes, hun. All for my famous meteorologist daughter."

"Oh please. Where's the tractor shed?"

"Tore it down. Repurposed a good bit of the wood for the apartment, and built a new one out by the barn."

We drove around to the side and I almost squealed in delight when I saw my Mitzi munching on hay in the connecting pin. I reached two arms around the seat and gave Dad a squeeze but not the chance to say 'you're welcome' to my wordless thank you. I was out of the vehicle and running up to the pen before the vehicle had even come to a complete stop.

I've heard from people who either have never owned a horse or a dog or have only ever had a goldfish for a pet, that an animal can't love. I call bullshit. I haven't seen Mitzi in more than six months, and I kid you not, my girl knew me on site. She neighed, reared her dark brown head, and came trotting to the edge of the pen like a kid running to jump in mamma's arms. She lowered her head so that I could wrap my arms around her neck. There was love in those warm brown eyes. I swear it.

"I know, girl," I said close to her ear and leaned back to scratch and kiss her nose. "I missed you, too."

"She's beautiful," Cal said beside me. "What's her name?"

"Mitzi." He frowned at me. "I named her when I was a kid, silly."

"Told her she should have named her Oreo because of the mare's coloring, but she didn't want to listen to me," Dad said behind us.

"I was seven years old, Dad."

He was right, though. Mitzi was dark brown on her head, neck, forelimbs, and hindquarters, but solid white right down her center. She looked like one big Oreo cookie, but you can't tell a kid of seven anything when she thinks the name Mitzi is the cutest thing in the world.

"She's an old Saddlebred," I told Cal. "Bred as a show horse, but she's just been my friend for...forever it seems like."

Cal reached to scratch behind her ears, and I waited for Mitzi to take a few steps back. Instead, she not only let him but even lowered her head so he could rub her neck. I couldn't believe it.

"Wow. She's usually skittish around new people." Mitzi hadn't taken to Dean at all. "I think she approves of you. Of course, you do have a way with women, don't you?"

Cal grinned knowingly at me. What that did to my lady parts is not up for discussion.

The click of the Humvee's rear hatch opening caught our attention. Dad was taking out the first of the bags. "You have any riding experience, Cal?"

"Some," he answered. "I learned a few years back, but it's been a while."

"Well, Livy can reacquaint you."

That grin had not yet departed from his lips when he said, "I'm looking forward to it."

I swatted him. "Go help Dad."

"Yes, ma'am."

No, I didn't leave it all to the men, as much as I would like for Cal to pay for his flirting. I departed from my sweet Mitzi with another kiss to the nose, grabbed the smaller bags, and followed them into the stable. There were no other horses inside. Mitzi had the whole place to herself. Just inside the stable doors was a set of stairs that led to the upper level, and Dad opened the door onto a wonderfully open living space with vaulted ceilings and thick oak beams that ran from one side to the other. I recognized them instantly as having once been a part of the tractor shed. The colors here were rich and natural, but not as dark as the inside of the main house. The walls were a dusky cream, the couches a sky blue with wooden cutouts of horses on the walls above them. Next to it was the kitchen, designed with steel highlights in the lighting fixtures and appliances.



Dad rapped his knuckles on the kitchen island slash dining table. One end of it was a varnished steel countertop, and the other end was the rounded and rough center cut of a tree, lacquered smooth. Circular growth marks branched out from the center to the edge in fine detail.

"This is Sequoia. Had it shipped straight from California."

Tactile Cal had to touch his open palm to it.

Dad led us from the living room and through a sliding barn door into the bedroom. My dad knows me. He knows me from start to finish. This bedroom had Olivia Morton written all over it. The only thing Dad hadn't thought through was how the sight of one King-sized bed would affect me. Of course, I hadn't thought this through very well myself. Where in my thought processes did I believe Cal and I would sleep in different rooms throughout this ill-conceived endeavor?

Dad was talking. Best listen. "We reused a lot of that old wood right in here for the floors, Livy."

"Oh, I loved those old weather-beaten boards," I said, trying not to think about the awkwardness of figuring out sleeping arrangements. "The floors look awesome with a dark stain."

The rest of the room was just as awesome. Same dusky walls with pops of naturally soft colors to contrast with the rich, dark floors. That dreaded king-sized bed had a cream-colored frame painted to look like someone had dug it out of a storage shed. And on the far end, two big windows and two big wide open glass doors let out to the balcony. It was so quiet once Dad and Cal set the bags down by the bed that I could hear the creek a half-mile away.

I dropped the few bags I had carried in and gave Dad a hug. "Thank you so much."

"I figured you would prefer the privacy to being cooped up in your old bedroom."

Told you, my dad knows me. Definitely hadn't been looking forward to reliving my teenage years through Cal's eyes. Sharing a bed with him in there would have been worse than awkward.

"But," Dad continued, "now that you have company, you might really want the privacy."

I smacked him. "Oh God, Dad," I said, which tickled Cal's funny bone. I ignored his quiet laughter.

Dad started on his way out, looking at his watch. "Dinner will be in a couple hours." He pointed at the phone beside the bed. "I'll call, but for now, you two get comfortable, relax, take a load off. Cal, I hope you're not one of those straight-laced Californians who thinks it's a sin to eat beef because we're having steak tonight."

"Then, it's a good thing I'm not Californian."

Dad stuck out his hand and Cal took it. "I don't think I got your full name yet, Cal."

"Callum Kearney."

Wow, how easily that rolled off his tongue. I had to pry it out of him!

"Good Irish name. We Morton's have a little Irish in us, too. I don't know if Livy mentioned that to you."

"No, she hasn't," Cal answered with a questioning look at me, followed up by Dad's frowning chastisement.

"I didn't think it was that important."

that "It's family. Of course, it's important. I'll see you tonight, Cal. Good to finally meet you."

"You, as well."

"Livy," Dad said and waved me over. "Walk me to the Humvee."

Uh-Oh. I looked over my shoulder at Cal as Dad led me out the door. I worried that Dad's furtiveness might worry him, but he simply winked at me and started unpacking. Great, he's smart enough to know what dads with daughters are all about. I followed Dad outside and to the vehicle, where he leaned against the driver's door.



He started with a gesture of open hands. That meant he was about to speak the truth and I'd better listen up. "Okay, I like him, hun. Cal seems like a genuinely good guy. He's friendly and honest, if a little close-mouthed. And he's not as Californian as I thought he might be, but..."

"Cal is like that when he meets someone for the first time. You know, like the way Mitzi is around new people. You've gotta let him warm up to you." Dad nodded. Throw in a horse-level analogy, and he'll usually catch on. "But, don't worry, Cal appears to hold you in high regard, as well."

"What I don't get is all this secretiveness, Livy. Why didn't you say something about him when you started dating?"

"Well, you know..." Oh, what should I say? Go back to Dean. It always went back to Dean. "After the breakup with Dean, I was leery about getting involved with someone else. I sort of figured for you and Mom's sake that I shouldn't make a big deal of it, in case things went south."

Good answer. Good answer. Yet, Dad still didn't seem convinced. "How do you feel about him?"

This was not a moment in which one should stammer. "Why would you ask that silly question?"

"Because the man tells you he loves you to your face, and you joke in return. Don't get me wrong, it was funny, but still..."

I waved his concern away. "Cal knows what I'm all about and how I feel. Feel lucky you got out of him what you did. He's an intensely private person."

and "Your mom did mention something about that."

Good, at least she had accomplished that. "Don't be offended by it. Cal just doesn't talk much about his past, Dad. That's all. There's still some things about him even I don't know. He has..." How do I put this? "...reservations about who knows him and who doesn't."

I How do I put this? The Facebook picture flashed before my eyes and my stomach turned again. What was I going to tell Cal? How was I going to keep my cool when I finally saw Mom?

Dad frowned. "Secrets are never a good way to start a relationship, Livy."

"I know it isn't," I said, thinking that it was never a good way to end one either. "But it's like you said. He's a genuinely good guy, Dad. He really is. Just give him some time."

"Alright, alright. I trust your judgment. I always have." Dad pulled me into another big hug and I told him I love him. "Love you, too. See you in a couple hours."

After Dad drove back to the house, I stayed outside a couple of minutes longer to give Mitzi a little more love before going in and wondering why Dad hadn't brought us into the house when we arrived. He would have wanted to gloat at all his architectural accomplishments or show Linda off if she had been around. I shrugged to myself. Maybe he planned to gloat after dinner.

I went back upstairs to find Cal emerging from the closet with an empty garment bag in his hand. "Coming out of the closet, are we?" I asked with a grin. "Jansen will be so excited to hear that."

"Funny." Cal stuffed the garment bag inside another. "So, how did I do? Did I pass the Morton family muster?"

"You get to pass GO and collect one hundred dollars," I said with a pat on his arm and started in on my own luggage. "Later on, you might be lucky enough to earn a Get-Out-of-Jail-Free card."

"Seriously, though, how did I do?" The tone of his voice said he was actually serious.

"You're really that concerned?"

"Why wouldn't I be? I came here to help you, Livy. If I'm not concerned, then I'm not convincing."

"Oh," I said. That pained me more than it should have, so I came back with, "Convincing like that confession of love, you mean."

"Exactly like that." There wasn't anything close to spite in his expression. I didn't know how to take what he said.

I grabbed all of my underclothes in one big heap, (no need to let him get a peek at those; he'd had enough peeks), patted him on the arm and walked to the dresser. "Don't worry, Cal. Dad approves. He wishes I had been more forthcoming about you, but on the subject of Mr. Callum Kearney, he's ninety-five percent positive."

"Only ninety-five?" Cal zipped up the largest of his bags after having stuffed all the smaller ones within it.

"That's better than eighty-five."

"If you say so."

"Well, if you wanted one hundred percent, you should have played the Eagles card."

Eagles Cal passed me to stow his luggage in the closet. "The time wasn't right."

I would have dropped what I was doing to ask what he meant by that (it's not as if my terribly laid plans had become Cal's poker game and my dad his opponent), but I had already opened the top dresser drawer. I scowled at the sight of men's socks, t-shirts and boxer briefs.

"Hey, you stole top drawer!"



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 23





The bathroom to the apartment was just as gorgeous as the rest of the place. Slate floors, an aged bronze tub, walk-in shower with stone walls. I was head over heels in love with the place. Dad hadn't designed the apartment to lure me back for long vacations. He had it made to keep me from ever wanting to leave home again. Oh, and I felt it working.

I was picking up the last of my toiletries when I happened to notice a familiar tube of lotion sitting beside the vanity. I picked it up between my thumb and first finger and walked it back into the bedroom like I had a rat by the tail.

"What's this for?"

Cal had just taken off his jacket and was laying it across a leather chair before heading out onto the balcony. He stopped to smile at the tube of jasmine vanilla lotion in my hand.

"For later, if you would like."

I gave him my most withering glare, but I think I just came off looking embarrassed. "There's not going to be a later, Cal. This is all pretend. Get that through your head." Though that Cheshire cat grin remained on his face, he walked out onto the balcony without an answer. "I'm going shower," I told him and he nodded.

Undressing, knowing that only one wall separated me from Cal, felt indescribably weird. I had a fleeting image of what could transpire once it was bedtime—the two of us standing on either side of the bed, looking at each other, and while I try to figure out how we should comfortably pass the night, Cal crawls across the mattress on his knees, pulls me onto the bed and puts an end to my decision making. It wasn't a thought I wished to have, so I busied myself with the routine of showering. Run the hot water. Lather up the washcloth. Scrub scrub here. Scrub scrub there. Wash the hair. I refused to think of what might simultaneously be going through Cal's mind as I stood naked one wall away from him.

Apparently, he hadn't been thinking of me at all. When I stepped out (towel on my head, but fully dressed), Cal was in bed, flat on his back and sound asleep. Lightly snoring, he looked too peaceful to wake, so I went out onto the balcony to read a while before getting ready. It was good to smell the familiar scent of home—grass and trees, hay and horses, and the far-off fragrance of the creek. I missed the hell out of this place.

Cal slept for about an hour before I decided to wake him. I had a flashback when I sat on the bed next to him, of Mom waking Dad from an afternoon nap. Baylor and I had wanted to jump on the bed and scare the bejesus out of him, but Mom wouldn't let. She had sat beside him, just as I was doing now, and ran her hand over his chest and through his hair, gently coaxing him awake. I remember thinking just how sweet that was, how loving. The strongest urge to do it here and now came over me. I wanted to touch Cal, to put my hand to his chest, to run my fingers through his hair, but my heart was beating so hard, I figured it was best not to.

"Cal, wake up," I softly said, giving his shoulder a light shake.

He stirred, opened his eyes, looked at me. For a second, I think he forgot where he was. "Hmm?"

"Did you want to shower before going to the house?"

"Yeah," he said, voice husky with sleep.

Damn that memory of Mom and Dad. It made me miss them together. I hated being reminded that they were apart. She had kissed him then too, the afternoon she had woken him, leaned down and kissed him. The urge to replay that old memory in my own life was still too strong, so I got up.

Cal was dressed and once against standing on the balcony when Dad's call came. The sun was a fine point behind the trees, gently silhouetting him, but it didn't hide how incredibly handsome he looked in a pair of pressed grey slacks and a short-sleeved and striped polo.



"That was Dad," I said when I met him outside. "Ready?"

"When you are."

I watched him stare out at the trees, the creek and the setting sun beyond. He was strangely quiet this evening. I couldn't help but wonder what he was thinking. My curiosity lingered too long. Pretty soon he stared back.

"It's beautiful, isn't it?" I said, turning my attention back to the property and the earring I was trying to put in my ear.

Cal's eyes remained fixed upon me, though. "Yes, you are."

"I meant the view, Cal."

"So did I."

I had intentionally chosen something plain and unpretentious to wear. A gold-colored blouse with a high collar, and a pair of black slacks. Still, he ogled me. I don't get it. I should have been flattered, not annoyed. I was flattered...and annoyed. God help me.

I was "Here, let me help." Cal reached for the earring I fought with.

Fingers moved strands of my hair out of his way, knuckles brushed against my skin, he slid one earring in easily and affixed the clasp. The other he took from my open hand, moved around me and made short work of it, as well. His skin felt hot against mine. The scent of his cologne filled my nose. His nearness had come close to overwhelming when he bent down and pressed his lips just beneath my earlobe. The move was so unexpected, and secretly hoped for, that I gasped. I quickly brushed him away with a hand over my shoulder, but before I could say anything, he leaned over the opposite side and kissed behind my other ear.

"Cal, stop."

"Sorry," he said at my ear, bringing back all sorts of memories. "You smell like jasmine vanilla."

He was right. I had avoided all other temptation but that one, but that didn't mean I would fall to all the others. "Not for long. I'm about to chow down on a big, juicy piece of steak. I'll probably have chunks of beef stuck between my teeth the rest of the night, and...I'm sorry that I have to tell you this, but I'm going to have gas from hell. You don't wanna know what beef does to my innards. It's scary. You might want to sleep on the couch tonight."

Cal was shaking his head and inaudibly laughing at my antics. "You're going to make this difficult for me, aren't you, Livy?"

I shrugged, seemingly as innocent as a child. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"No, of course, you don't." Cal made sure I knew exactly what he meant when his eyes raked over me from head to toe like hot coals. I saw every memory of my naked body reflected in his blue eyes in vivid detail. I was raw and open to him. He could have taken me right there on the balcony if he wanted to. I wouldn't have protested, gas or no gas.

He took my hand. "Let's go, babe."

"Stop calling me that."

"As long as I'm your boyfriend, Livy, you're 'babe.' Get used to it." Cal pulled me toward the door, a playful grin dimpling his cheeks.

"Just don't expect me to come up with any pet names for you."

"I thought you already had one."

"I do not."

"She doth protest much. What was that one you called me at the arcade room?"

I racked my brain, trying to remember if I had called him anything other than tactless spur of the moment nicknames because I couldn't remember his first name. What were they? Mr. Gigolo. Tall and Slender, and—

"Oh yes, 'Honey.'" Cal said it before I could. "I liked that one."

"Don't hold your breath, Callum," I said, hand on my hip, death glare meant to cool the horny beast.



He smiled. "I like that one, too."

What could I do? I rolled my eyes and left him behind. His laughter followed me all the way downstairs.

I had saddled Mitzi for the ride to the house while Cal showered. She was a good, gentle horse for newbs like Cal, and for those who didn't ride as often as they should, like me. Mitzi was as ready to get out of the pen as I had been to get out of the apartment.

"Do you remember how to mount?" I asked Cal, and before he could respond with a snide sexual joke, I added, "A horse, I mean."

"Yes, I remember," he chuckled. "You take the reins, though. I don't remember that part."

"Which means you'll be riding behind me. Oh, joy." Mitzi nickered as if to say hurry up. "Okay, girl, keep your britches on."

hurry up. I mounted with ease despite Mitzi's height and waited for Cal to follow.

"Right leg first," I told him as he approached and he gave me a glare. I waited for him to firmly secure his foot in the stirrup. "Need to hold my hand?"

He batted it away, trying to keep a straight face, and then lifted himself up, but he forgot one crucial step.

"You've gotta swing your left leg out, Cal."

Cal went back down, right foot caught in the stirrup. "I know, Livy, I know."

By the time he finally got on, Cal had turned beet-red and we were both in stitches. He turned the tables around on me pretty quickly though. It wasn't long after I took the reins and gave Mitzi a nudge that Cal snuggled in close and put an arm around me. He placed one hand flat on my belly and the other on my thigh. As good as it was to feel his touch again, it held no comparison to having him right up against me, body to body. We hadn't been that close since...well, you know. If Cal had his way, that night would have a repeat.

"You know," I began after a few minutes to catch my breath, "this could be considered sexual harassment. The whole world has gone quite doe-eyed over the idea lately."

A second or two of silence passed before Cal spoke. "Are you uncomfortable?"

I swallowed. "With you? No."

"Good."

Hard to be. Mitzi's slow, undulating gait meant that Cal and I were moving together in a manner not dissimilar to another movement both of us were familiar with. It was hard not to enjoy being this close to him, knowing the effect I was having on him. Cal's breath was hot at the back of my head, but he kept his cool.

"Maybe we should put some space between us," he whispered and shuffled backward until we weren't sharing the saddle anymore.

should "Uncomfortable?" I whispered back and he chuckled under his breath.

"No, not with you."

We quietly rode along, Cal asking questions and me pointing out the interesting facts about the ranch that Dad didn't get to. Like the chicken coop on the west side of the property, and the goats and pigs we keep on the east side. Goats' milk and bacon are some of the ranch's biggest exports, and he sells fresh eggs to the markets in town. Cal's amazement never ceased.

"So, you grew up like this?"

"Yeah, pretty much. Dad has expanded a lot since I was a kid. We had only one stable and the house wasn't nearly as big as it is now. He added wings and levels on over the years, but we used to be crammed into a single story. I remember the hell of sharing the same room with Baylor when I was ten."

"Hell, huh?" Cal said with a huff, his breath ruffling my hair. "Sounds like you had it good, Livy."

"Well, yeah, but...I don't know." He was making me feel guilty for complaining. "I guess when you're ten years old and your little brother is always getting into your stuff, you can't see that. What was it like for you at ten?"



Cal didn't say anything right away. My question wasn't innocent in the least. He knew it and I knew it. He must think me sadistic the way I keep picking at his past like a wound.

He finally took a deep breath and said, "At ten, I would have been happy simply to have a room to sleep in."

"What do you mean?"

I felt him shake his head behind me. "Later."

"Okay." I knew better than to pressure him. Better to let him take it at his own time, so I put my free hand atop his and interlaced our fingers. He squeezed my fingers in a wordless thank you. I squeezed back.

"So, explain 'Notorious V.A.G.'"

Back to our usual banter, I proceeded to laugh. The rear of the house was closing in, a few rocking chairs and a light in the window to the kitchen. "Oh, just my terrible nickname for Logan. It's in reference to her—"

"You don't have to go into detail. I think I can figure that part out."

"No, I was going to say, it was in reference to her reputation in high school."

"Ah, that kind of girl."

"Sort of. Not really. She wasn't the school whore. Let's just say she got around. Me, not so much. I remained an angelic virgin all through high school."

"I wouldn't have expected anything else from you, Livy."

"Oh, hush."

I could feel the man's smile at the back of my head.

"And what about you? What's Logan's nickname for you? Confirm what I think I heard over the phone."

Instant panic. "You heard that?"

"Some of it."

"How much is some of it?"

"Some. Now, answer the question."

"Ugh." I squeezed my eyes shut. "Sugar tits."

I waited for the laugh. It didn't come. Cal slid in as close as the saddle would allow and whispered in my ear, "They were sweet, if memory serves."

Cal's lips found their way back to my ear, where I had shewed him away earlier. We weren't far from the house now. I knew I should make him stop. We weren't here for that. I wasn't going to let him coax me into having sex with him again. I couldn't. Whatever this attraction was between us, it was only that, an attraction and it could never work. Not in a million years. We were too far apart, professionally and emotionally. That didn't stop his hand from traveling up my thigh to my breast and squeezing hard enough to work a moan out of me.

"Cal, please stop."

"I want you, Livy."

I already knew that, and I shared the sentiment, but I pushed his hand down anyway. "We can't. Okay. Please stop."

Cal brought his hand back to my thigh. "I'm sorry," he said, a note of dejection in his voice I didn't want to hear.

We continued on to the house in silence, Mitzi oblivious to the cooled air around Cal and I, and me worried that I might have angered him. Please God, don't let him think I was leading him on.

"Are you angry with me, Cal?"

"Why would I be?"

"I just don't want you to ever think badly of me."

Cal kissed the back of my head. "Never."

We were almost to the pin near the house, where I would let Mitzi graze for the evening while we ate dinner with Dad, when I noticed a face in the same window I had seen a light. I leaned forward in the saddle, and whoever it was, quickly moved away, but for a moment I could have sworn it was...

"Is that...?"

"What?"

"I saw a face in the window. It wasn't Dad. I could have sworn it was..."

"Who?"

The curtains ruffled. The light flickered and went off.

"Oh no. No, no, no, no."

Cal's grip around me tightened. "What's wrong, Livy? You're starting to scare the shit out of me."

I brought Mitzi up to the pen and motioned for Cal to dismount, then I followed. "I'll explain it to you in a minute, but first..." I pulled Mitzi in, removed her bridle, bit and saddle, and laid them across the fence.

Cal stood with his hands on his hips, not mad, but definitely miffed. "But first what? Will you tell me what's going on?"

"First you have to promise me that you mean it when you say you'll never be mad at me." He narrowed his eyes at that, so I continued. "It's nothing terribly earth-shattering, it's just that when we go inside, you're probably going to hear a lot about it."

"About what?"

I know it's cruel to let Cal find out about the stupid picture I took of him on the plane from someone other than myself, but I couldn't bring myself to make my own confession. I took his hand and led him toward the house and up the back steps, but just before we went in, I turned around and pleaded with every facial expression I knew how to emote.

"Promise?"

Cal sighed. "Livy, I promise that most of what you do in life will not anger me. I'm not an angry sort of person, but I can't promise you anything without knowing what's on the other side of that door."

It was my turn to sigh. I knew what awaited him on the other side of the door. All I could hope for was that Cal would be willing to forgive. We went in. The door led into Dad's massively large, old-world kitchen that he had completely remodeled after Mom moved out. I won't go into too much detail right now. Suffice it to say, Cal was once again enthralled, but that all changed when I led him into the living room.

It was dark. Couldn't see a thing. I heard Cal ask where my father was, and then BAM. Every light in the room went on and what seemed like a million people jumped to their feet.

"SURPRISE!"

"SURPRISE!" A colorful banner hung from the ceiling that read, HAPPY BIRTHDAY, LIVY! WELCOME HOME! And below that in smaller letters, Welcome to Iowa, Cal! It was my entire family. They had thrown me a surprise birthday party, and every single one of them already knew about Cal.

Welcome to Iowa, Cal!

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 24




Deer in the headlights. That was me the night Cal dragged me into a creepy neon nightclub, name spray painted furtively on the door like a speakeasy, full of strangers hyped up on alcohol and techno-beats, and God knows what else.



My, how the tables have turned.

Cal was the deer this time. I was the one who dragged had him into a room with an albeit non-creepy rustic living room dominated by a floor-to-ceiling stone fireplace that looked like something Dad might have pilfered out of a medieval castle, full of strangers hyped up on a potluck dinner and country music. Not joking. Where Dad usually kept an accent table full of trophies and equine photographs, there was a folding table holding up the weight of at least a dozen crock pots, and the radio was pumping out Keith Urban singing one of his favorite pickup lines, "Baby, blue ain't your color." (I don't know about you, but it wouldn't have worked on me.) Cal and his otherworldly lifestyle of neon lights and nightclubs had just stepped over the threshold into Countryville, and he was not prepared at all.

The first sign, as the last few echoes of Surprise! faded away, was Cal tensing up beside me, clenching my hand. He went slack-jawed and wide-eyed, but only for a second or two. Long enough for me to catch sight of it and feel like the world's worst fake girlfriend, and I admit, slightly vindicated.

Surprise! Cal claimed he wasn't an 'angry sort of person.' This room full of strangers, descending upon us like soldiers on the beach at Normandy, were anxious to put that theory to the test. But like gigolo magic, Cal quickly recovered with one of his many masks. In the snap of a well-trained finger, he relaxed and out came the charming, million-dollar smile. He continued to clench my hand in a death grip, though. My penance, perhaps? Hard to say conclusively, but I did see a twinge of vexation in his eyes when he looked at me. It was all the communication Cal had time to impart before they were upon us.

Hugs and kisses and handshakes, oh my! The greetings came by the bushel-load, forcing us to let go of each other's hands. We had been set adrift in a storm of people and lost hold of our life raft. Time to see if either one of us could stand up to the Morton family's world-famous curiosity, and there was none better to start us off than my Aunt Jeanine.

"Livy, darlin'," she called, arms extended.

She was my mother's older sister. Anyone could see the resemblance in her face, but you wouldn't be able to tell it by the rest of her. Where Mom was as thin as a scarecrow, Aunt Jeanine was pear-shaped and pudgy. All the women on Mom's side of the family were small-breasted and thin-hipped, which, were any of us to gain as much weight as Aunt Jeanine had, turned us into what closely resembled a walking baked pear. This can also make hugging difficult, but since she's my aunt, I make do.

I smiled, because it was good to see her, and leaned in for the hug because that's the only way she was going to get one.

"Hey, Aunt Jeanine."

She gave me a tight squeeze and kissed my cheek. I don't think there's an aunt in the world who isn't keen on kissing or pinching those. "Oh, my word, you are positively glowing."

"I'm sure it's just the makeup," I said, with a tolerant little laugh. Next thing you know, she'll be asking if I'm pregnant. "One of the girls at work taught me this highlighting technique..."

"Now, now. We all know why, don't we?" Aunt Jeanine just had to reach over and touch his arm, catch his attention. "Where did you find this gorgeous man?"

Dad had been quick to rope Cal into an introduction to old Joe and some of his field hands. They were as much family as my aunt. It still worried me that Dad might be trying to recruit him, though. Seriously, Cal was not the horse wrangling type. He would probably look damn good in a set of chaps and cowboy boots, but I couldn't imagine him roping or breaking a horse. Cal was more the type of man who excelled at making an old woman swoon with a roguish smile, which was exactly what he was doing. Maybe because Aunt Jeanine had called him gorgeous aloud and he felt the need to play up to it or Cal was capable of exactly the kind of gigolo psychology he claimed. It helped that Aunt Jeanine was like Blanche Devereaux on steroids, with the addition of an extra fifty pounds.



I caught Joe coming up to me out of the corner of my eye while I introduced Cal to my aunt. "I found him on the corner of the road in Los Angeles," I told her. "Panhandling for beer and shepherd's pie. Took him home, cleaned him up and found myself an Irishman!" I flavored that last bit with a really bad Irish accent.

"You sound Jamaican, not Irish," Cal said. His voice said he was being playful, but I got the feeling he was holding onto his casual confidence with all his might.

Old Joe was laughing when he pulled me into one of his burly hugs. He was a beefy guy. Not fat, but tall and broad shouldered. "There's my little spitfire," he said in that thick voice of his while I overheard Cal entertaining my aunt behind me. He had her giggling like a schoolgirl in no time. "How you been? You look like you got prettier."

"You're imagining things, Joe," I said waving a dismissive hand and pretending I didn't hear my aunt mention something about a picture. "It's that California sun."

"All that city life went to her head," said a voice at my ear that was not Joe.

Two arms went around my waist right about the same time I thought I heard Cal say "What picture?" Then, a pair of lips made their way to my cheek from behind. I might have panicked if I hadn't already known exactly who it was.

"Tell her like it is, Logan. It's time our spitfire came home."

She had been a jerk on the phone earlier today, but what good is a bestie if they don't piss you off every once in a while. Am I right? So, while I could have fussed her, I did what besties were good at. I screamed a happy girl scream to see that blonde hair and those chunky cheeks again. She screamed in return and I promptly wrapped my favorite curvaceous little hooker in both arms. You know how it is? Besties can never stay mad at each other for long.

"Damn right, Old Joe," Logan said and smacked me on the ass. I didn't have the tight jeans Logan had on to act as a protectant from her hand. That stung!

"Ow, hoochie! You act like I've been gone for seven years instead of seven months."

It gave Joe something to laugh at again before he wandered off back to the boys. Embarrassed perhaps. He always had been around Logan's antics. He had watched us grow up alongside his own kids. Still saw us most of the time as kids instead of grown women, but he didn't put much past us these days. He knew when to hightail it. Logan always gave the best signals.

At least, that's what I told myself. It might have been the sudden sensation of a warm hand soothing my stinging rear end that sent Joe to seek solace in other company. I wouldn't have put such a gaudy gesture past Aunt Jeanine, but...

"Hey, nobody smacks that ass but me."

Turned out to be Cal. If his hand weren't so warm on my tender flesh, I might have hit the ceiling. Shooing his hand away was impossible. He wouldn't budge.

"Hold up a sec," Logan said, hands on her hips, not waiting to be introduced. "That ass was mine long before you ever entered the picture. So, don't even go there."

"I hope you're not proposing we share. I happen to be rather territorial."

"You're just a boyfriend, Sweetie. Besties run deeper."

On that note, Cal gave my bestie a grin I thought he only reserved for his special clients, like me. For like a second or so, it stung worse than the slap to my butt. It shouldn't have, but it did. With her high heels, tight jeans and tank top bustier, Logan out-styled and out-sexied (is that even a word?) me one hundred percent. But then the little synapses of understanding started clicking together in my noggin.



After the incident at the Orpheum with Megan, and then watching how Cal interacted with dad, and now Aunt Jeanine and Logan, I think I get Cal now. Cal wasn't some pop psychologist of the gigolo variety, or otherwise. He had a gift, an extremely rare gift that not too many men possessed. It wasn't magic and he didn't have some internal divining rod in which he could fathom a person's deepest inner being. No, he just had a knack for figuring people out really quick and matching his personality to suit theirs. His tactics were no different from a phony psychic. They look for the dropped clues, the tell-tale signs in body language or personality, or they store little tidbits about a person that someone like myself tells outright. Cal didn't need much. He took what information he could glean and became a damn shape-shifter, conforming at will to be whatever he needed to meet the situation or the person. Right now, he was being as flirty as my flirty best friend. Not quite sure what I should make of that, but I knew better than to take it too seriously. I guess, if it kept him in his comfort zone, I could be okay with it...for a little while.

Cal held out a hand. "I take it you must be Logan. It's nice to finally meet the best friend. I'll be curious to see if you live up to the reputation Livy has given you."

Logan took his hand while giving me a wry look, to which I quickly corrected Cal with a nudge at his side. "And you must be Cal," Logan intoned. "Nice to finally meet the secret boyfriend someone hasn't been telling anyone about."

"Oh, would you two stop," I finally interrupted. I might be okay with the flirting, but it didn't mean I couldn't object. "You're freaking me out. And..." I pushed Cal's hand away. "...get your hand off my ass."

Logan looked at Cal with a knowing smile. "Ollie has always been a super prude."

"This I've learned," Cal answered and graciously moved his hand to my hip, where he gave me a gentle squeeze.

I chucked a thumb over my shoulder. "My dad is right there, you guys."

"Oh, ppptt," Logan spat. "I saw your dad put his hand on Linda's ass when Troy and I had'em over for New Years."

That I hadn't needed to know. Hearing about Dad being affectionate with any other woman invariably made me think about my lonely mother. That's when her absence hit me. I didn't look around, though. I had to stay in the moment. Couldn't let the conversation between my bestie and my gigolo lover go too far.

That I pointed accusingly at Logan. "And you, stop flirting with my secret boyfriend."

Cal turned a playful frown to me. "Speaking of that, I didn't know I was a secret."

"You were a secret," Logan corrected. "Most of us only found out about you today."

were "This I'm learning ."

learning His playfulness had turned to suspicion. Damn my aunt. If anyone had mentioned the secret selfie to Cal, it would be her, but I decided to play along and pretend Cal was talking about something else.

"I wasn't keeping our relationship a secret, not like this surprise party," I said, then wrapped an arm around Cal's waist and looked up at him. "Cal and I just wanted to make sure we did this the right way. Isn't that right, honey?"

"Absolutely," he said. "Would hate to mess this up, like with a random snapshot, for instance."

Logan snickered. Oh, I get it now. This was Cal's version of retaliation. He found out about the selfie quicker than I thought he might, and while he might not allow himself to express his frustration with me, he wasn't going to shy away from making me pay for it. It was a good thing Dad showed up to snatch Cal away again when he did because I was about to pinch him where it hurt.



"Cal, I'd like you to meet a friend of mine," Dad said.

"Sure. Be right back, babe," Cal said with an emphasis on babe , and kissed my temple. "Logan, it was nice to meet you."

babe "You too, Cal."

As soon as he turned, her eyes went wide with questions, but so were mine. Usually, when Dad wanted you to meet a friend of his, it had something to do with business. Cal and I had yet to discuss the particulars of his "traveling salesman" job, let alone the particulars of a random snapshot. I felt a leery ache in my gut, but I hadn't forgotten about my missing mother. I was just about to ask Logan when she grabbed my arm and pulled me off to the side.

"Okay, fess up. I want to know everything about him. There's way more going on with you than Mr. Secret Sexy Boyfriend."

When it came to me and relationships, Logan always had a sixth sense. She knew when Dean and I were having trouble long before I did. But I wasn't playing her little game. Not tonight.

"Seriously, flirter?" Maybe I did have a problem with it.

Logan rolled her eyes. "Oh, God. I wasn't flirting."

"Of course, you weren't. Not with the man of your dreams standing two feet away." I waved to Troy across the room. We had affectionately coined him Superman when the two of us first met him because he had the same physique. His muscled arms were holding one of their girls.

"Bite me, Ollie."

"Later. First, give me the chance to say hello to everyone before we sit down and have girl talk."

"Okay, fine, whatever. We'll talk later, but when we do, you have to tell me everything."

"Everything, as in..."

"Everything."

"Everything." I didn't like the sound of that.

"Liv-meister!"

The voice came from across the room, deeper then I remembered it. Through the crowd came one of my favorite people in the whole wide world. Hair like a heavy metal rock star. Asking Alexandria t-shirt on his slender frame. The button-nosed face I still associate with the cute little boy who used to torment my existence as a teenager.

Asking Alexandria Saved by the bell, or should I say, saved by the Baylor. Had he ever the chance to become famous, all the little girls would go gaga over him.

"Bay!"

He wrapped his arms around my waist and lifted me off the floor. God, I could still remember when I used to do the same thing to him. He would laugh and laugh in that effervescent laugh of young boys. Some memories never fade, like hearing his fourteen-year-old-self crying with me over the phone when we found out Mom and Dad were getting divorced.

"What have I told you?" he said when he set me down. "Don't call me that. It's Bay lor. "

lor. "You get to call me Liv-meister."

"Because you're the Liv-meister."

"And you're the Bay."

Baylor rolled his eyes and made like he wanted to choke me. "You're lucky you're my big sister and I haven't seen you in almost a year and I missed the shit out of you."

"Language, child," I fussed, then smiled. "I missed the shit out of you, too." We hugged again, but he wouldn't let me give him a kiss for nothing in the world.

Once he had finally extracted himself from me, Baylor looked over by the fireplace where Cal stood with Dad. "So, who's this dude?"

"Dude?"

"Dude?"

"Question of the day," Logan said in a singsong but annoyed voice. "He seems like a cool dude, though."

"Yeah?" Baylor asked, genuinely curious. For a kid, he was always trying to look out for me.

"Yeah," I said. " Cal is a great guy and you should go introduce yourself."

Cal "Cal, huh?" He still seemed unsure.

"Short for Callum."

"What's he like?"

"Go find out. Be an equally cool dude and go save him from Dad's friends." I pointed Cal out to him and froze when I saw who Dad had introduced him to. Baylor started laughing. "Oh shit."

Logan peeked over my shoulder. "What? Who is that?"

"That's Dave," Baylor said, barely able to contain himself. "The gelder."

I could only imagine the conversation. So, Dave, why don't you tell Cal here what you do for a living? followed by Dad's famous innuendo, a subtle warning, and a pat on the back.

So, Dave, why don't you tell Cal here what you do for a living? "Dammit, Dad. Go, Baylor, go save him, please." I gave Baylor a shove in their direction until I remembered something and pulled him right back. "Wait. Where's Mom?"

"Oh, yeah, that," Logan said.

I didn't like the sound of that, and the look on Baylor's face didn't hold any promise. "She wouldn't come."

"Why the hell not? This is my birthday party, right?"

"You know why, Liv. She won't set foot in this house."

"But Linda isn't even here." Even as I said it, I knew better. I knew Mom. It wasn't only the woman. It was also the memories. Damn you again, Dad. "Okay, whatever. I'll call her. Just go save Cal from our maniacal father."

Damn you again, Dad. I was feeling heartsick over Mom and angry at my unthinking, unfeeling Dad when Logan once again took me by the arm and dragged me out of the living room.

"Hurry, come with me," she said.

"No, Logan. I'm not talking to you about this tonight. Not here."

She stopped. "Would you be quiet and follow me into the kitchen. We have some serious shit to discuss."

"With you, everything is serious shit," I said, pulling my arm out of her grip.

Hands on her hips, Logan unloaded her best weapon—the Bestie Death Glare. "Make like you're having an orgasmic time and casually look in the direction of the trailer park buffet."

I frowned at her. Logan raised her eyebrows and jerked her chin. Sometimes best friends can be a pain in the ass, but usually, when they're working on being a pain in the ass it's for a good reason. I did as Logan asked and made like she and I were laughing it up over some girly joke while I took a look around the room. Thank God Logan played along or I would have looked like a real idiot scanning the living room as if I weren't looking for someone.

weren't "Who am I looking—?"

I never got to finish the question.

Dad had also remodeled the living room after he and Mom broke up. That same rustic medieval log cabin feel he'd come up with on the outside of the house followed into the interior design—a stone fireplace that reached the ceiling with jutting, angled rock edges framed by dark paneled oak walls and paired with leather couches and armchairs the color of mahogany. There were paintings of horses, and busts of horses, and statues of horses all over the room, along with a goodly smattering of family photographs. All those things, as stunningly aesthetic as they were, was not what my eyes settled upon.

"I didn't invite the Pretentious Professor," Logan whispered at my ear. "He just sort of showed up."

I knew the nickname like I knew the face. Logan had never really liked him. She had a lot of little nicknames for him, this one being the least vulgar, but also the one that fit him as well as his wavy hair.

Standing beside the table of crock pots, looking stuffy and out of place while he filled his plate with a few sandwich triangles and a pickle, was Dean.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : Not a huge country music fan myself, but it's not that bad a song. :)

Author's Note Author's Note : Not a huge country music fan myself, but it's not that bad a song. :) Keith Urban – "Blue Ain't Your Color" (2016) From the Album Ripcord.

Keith Urban – "Blue Ain't Your Color" (2016) From the Album Ripcord. Ripcord.





Chapter 25





I would have known those sandy-colored locks anywhere. On a crowded street. In a bustling restaurant seated at a table across the dining room. Or even in the dark. I had run my fingers through his waves often enough to know each strand by heart.

What the hell was he doing here?

What the hell was he doing here? Dean must have felt my stare, for he looked up from his plate and stared back. For a second or two, both of us were lost in what we once were and what we once had, and then he smiled. It was a lonesome smile, sweet and endearing, as I'd always remembered Dean to be. The subtle cleft in his chin, the pointed nose and the dimples that pitted his cheeks when he smiled—it all came back to me. If I had to tell you right then how it felt to see him again, I couldn't have articulated it, not in any sort of way that made sense. I experienced all the differing emotions someone might feel, I guess, if they found themselves staring down an old flame: love, hate, regret, anger, hurt, the flood of old memories. Still, something told me to smile back. We were together for close to two years. Somewhere in that time frame, I had even entertained the notion he would get down on one knee and ask for my hand (it never happened...). It was more than that, though. I smiled because I hadn't seen him in a long time, and there were oh so many good memories in that face.

The moment lasted all of about five seconds.

Logan yanked me so hard and so fast into the kitchen, I didn't know where the hell I ended up, until I recognized Dad's over-the-top kitchen design (with my dad, everything was over the top), the highlight of which were the four saddle bar stools he had specially made to suit his décor. But Logan wasn't fascinating over anything she had already seen a million times. What she seemed overly concerned with were my temperature and my heart rate.

I pulled my wrist out of her hand and batted her hand away from my head. "What are you doing?"

"Checking to see if you're coming down with something. I sure as hell hope you are, because if you're not, then you're one twisted sister."

"What are you talking about? Speak English."

"You know exactly what I'm talking about. The bastard dumped you in college. How dare you eye-fuck him?"

My jaw dropped. Relatives, distant cousins and such I hadn't seen in forever, who were mingling with glasses of wine and snacking on crock-pot sausages, turned away from their conversations to look at us. I grabbed Logan's arm and practically dragged her into Dad's open pantry.

"I was not doing that...that thing you said. So I smiled at him. So what? Dean and I parted as friends. You know that."

"I was not "And what about the guy you brought home, the Irish Loverboy who's supposed to be the new boyfriend."

supposed to be "One has nothing to do with the other."

With a snarky grin, she said, "Oh yes they do, Honeybuns. Unless, of course, you haven't tapped that yet."

I had to turn away from her then (otherwise I might have smacked her around a bit), but I never got the chance to change the track of the conversation. My question would have been to ask her what the hell Dean was even doing here, but seeing as how he was standing just inside the pantry doorway, offering me that endearing Tom-Hanks-ish romance-movie grin, I couldn't say a thing. His was the face I thought I had seen through the window when Cal and I rode in on Mitzi. I had been hoping it was all in my imagination. I was not so lucky, then or now.

"Olivia, there you are. I looked away for a second and you were gone." He exhaled, looking like a man who had run a marathon to get a glimpse of the Mona Lisa. "Wow, you look...amazing."



I am not Mona Lisa, but I did feel as trapped as that poor woman. This was like a scene out of a bad movie, where the two main characters (that's me and Logan), full of fake smiles and innocence, go silent as if they weren't talking about the third character to walk onto the scene. Having Logan around only made it worse.

I had barely gotten a word out when Logan rested an elbow on my shoulder and quipped, "Hey, Dean. Long time no see."

He forced a smile. "We saw each other at the grocery store just a couple of weeks ago, Logan."

"Oh yeah," she said, eyes glazing over, drawing out yeah for all it was worth. "Too true. What was it you went in to buy? A pizza for one and like a six-pack of beer?"

yeah The love between these two was about as thin as whipped cream icing on a store bought cake, but then I could hardly blame Logan. She was one of the many whose shoulder I cried on. When Dean broke things off between us in college, he not only moved out of the apartment we shared, he moved out of town and finished college elsewhere. Our separation had been complete, not to mention completely painful. I heard from Mom (or was it Dad?) that he had recently moved back home. This was months ago, before Cal and I met, before my ginger gigolo agreed to enter into a fake relationship with me to please my mother.

"Not exactly," Dean answered Logan with little amusement. "If you don't mind, I came to talk to Olivia."

With as apologetic an expression as Logan could muster, she slapped her hands on her thighs and said, "Oh, damn. I do mind."

"Logan, don't," I said. She was trying to protect me. I get that. But this was my birthday party and I could cry if I want to.

"Don't what?"

"You know what."

Logan huffed and I turned my attention back to Dean, silently praying, Dear God, why tonight of all nights did he have to come back into my life, smiling at me as if he hadn't called me egocentric and overly career-oriented all those years ago. Couldn't you have warned me? I can't handle this intrusion right now. I have too many other egocentric concerns to worry myself over.

Dear God, why tonight of all nights did he have to come back into my life, smiling at me as if he hadn't called me egocentric and overly career-oriented all those years ago. Couldn't you have warned me? I can't handle this intrusion right now. I have too many other egocentric concerns to worry myself over. "Hi, Dean." I wasn't going to alter my smile, though. Logan could just deal with it.

"How have you been, Olivia?"

"I've been doing well."

Logan put her arm around me. "Yeah, our Livy has been working her ass off. You heard she's a weather anchor over in California, right? On television all the time. Never has time for anything else. She's practically a celebrity over there."

"That's a bit of an overstatement," I said. I had not failed to notice that Dean paid no attention to Logan at all. His eyes were on me and only on me.

I'm a strong woman, I told myself. I can handle it.

I'm a strong woman, I can handle it. "Would it be okay if the two of us talked...?" He looked briefly at Logan before pointing a thumb over his shoulder to the door Cal and I had walked through not that long ago. "...alone?"

Oh God, I don't know if I'm that strong!

Oh God, I don't know if I'm that strong! "We are sort of in the middle of a birthday party, you know," Logan said, her smile laced with a lethal dose of strychnine.

"Don't worry," Dean said to me while holding out his hand. "It won't take long."

Seeing his outstretched hand brought back to mind the ridiculous daydreams I used to have of seeing a ring on that finger. Me in a white dress. Dean looking handsome in a black tuxedo, taking my hand because the priest had just pronounced us man and wife. I gave up on romantic daydreams the day he left and concentrated on what was real, on what I could see and feel and hear. The weather. Radar screens. A magical green wall that could transport me into my own imaginary world. A perfectly-sculpted, Irish fantasy man with storm-blue eyes and a ginger complexion who knew how to light my fire quicker than a match to gasoline-soaked logs.



I took Dean's hand.

"Ollie?"

"Ollie?" "I'll be right back, Logan."

Letting Dean lead me away wasn't a good idea. Logan knew it. I knew it, too, but I couldn't help myself. I wanted to know what he had to say. I wanted, even if it was for a few moments, to be back in the past again when everything was the way I remembered it. Mom and Dad together, the way they used to be. Me in love with my man and the flow of my career and my life. Everything had been right with my world. I'd been happy.

Dean led me outside onto the porch, past the handcrafted rocking chairs and a chimenea Dad had bought in Mexico, past a window looking into the living room. I caught a quick glimpse of Baylor having quite an animated conversation with Cal. They seemed to be hitting it off. Cal looked so relaxed, and baby bro had a bigger smile than he'd probably had his entire teenaged life. So weird. The Baylor and Dean matchup had been completely opposite. They never could find common ground, certainly not enough to have interesting conversations.

What the hell am I doing?

What the hell am I doing? Dean and I ended up standing on the far side of the porch, away from windows and anything but moonlight. Dean had always looked good in moonlight.

Mitzi snorted from her pin. She didn't think this was a good idea, either.

"Logan certainly hasn't changed," Dean began.

"No, and she's not likely to."

"I never did get what you saw in her."

"And she never got what I saw in you."

"Yeah," he said, looking up at the stars. "Guess that makes us even."

"I guess so."

"It's gorgeous out tonight, huh?" Small talk. Dean had always been one for small talk, especially when he wanted to avoid the obvious, like his own mistakes.

"What did you want to talk about, Dean?"

He looked at me, grey eyes almost black in the moonlight. He still held my hand, and now he ran the pad of his thumb over my knuckles. "I'm making you uncomfortable, aren't I? I'm sorry, Olivia. I don't mean to. The fact is..." He sighed. "...when you're mom told me you were coming home tonight—"

"Wait. My mom told you?"

My mom "Yeah, strange right?"

Strange wasn't the word. Shocked was more like it. I had thought living in California would keep me from ever having to lay eyes upon the man who broke my heart in a third place after it had already been broken in two by Mom and Dad's separation. What does my mom do after I had come all the way from Cali for her benefit? First, she doesn't come to my birthday party over some silly insecurity about stepping foot in Dad's house; and second, she tells my ex I'm coming home when she knows I brought my "new boyfriend" with me. My mom was the one who needed her temperature checked, not me. That woman would receive a serious phone call from me before the night was over.

Dean continued. He's bad for asking questions and never giving you a chance to answer them, and as you'll see, he's also a loquacious talker. You'd swear the Energizer Bunny powered his tongue.

"Anyway, when she mentioned you were coming home, I cleared my schedule. I knew Bryan wouldn't mind if I stopped by out of the blue. He and I always got on well, and since I moved back to town, we've gotten together for drinks a few times to talk about the state of his equine business and, you know, chew the fat about family and old times. So, when I drove up about an hour ago, I figured it would be much of the same. Business talk, family and all that, which I would eventually steer toward your visit, but..."



I ramble when I'm nervous. Dean rambles because, well, that's what Dean does. I used to think it was cute back in the day. I used to love to listen to him go on and on about nothing. Now, I don't know. It was kind of digging into my nerves at the moment.

"...I wasn't expecting such an assemblage when I pulled in—"

"Dean, I don't mean to interrupt, but what's your point." I caught myself too late, covering my face to chastise myself for being rude. "I mean, what are you trying to say?"

He took a deep breath and smiled sheepishly. "I'm at it again, aren't I?"

"Yeah, kinda. It's okay, though. I should be used to it by now."

"Well, it's been a long time. That's why I came. Seeing you again has been on my mind for a long time, Olivia."

"Dean, we shouldn't—"

He halted me with an open palm. "I came all this way to talk to you. Granted, I thought it would only be you and Bryan here. I wasn't expecting to have to fight for your attention..." His eyes slanted toward the living room window where Cal and Baylor had stood. "...but can I just say what I came to say?"

I hesitated, waiting for him to barrel on without waiting for my answer, but strangely, he gave me a chance to speak. "Yeah, okay."

"Okay, that's good," he said with a nod. "Four years and nine months ago, I hurt you when you were down, and I apologize."

I felt that like a needle to my heart. Not a bad needle. The kind with suture thread. I opened my mouth to speak, but he brought up his hand again.

"It's taken me a long time to see it, Olivia, but I know now that you weren't the selfish one. I was. You were hurting, burying yourself in your schooling and career to get over the pain of your parent's divorce, and I couldn't see that. What I saw was a girl who wouldn't let me help her to solve all her problems. I thought you didn't need me. I couldn't see what you needed was space, and the time to figure things out in your own way. It was selfish of me, and I'm sorry I allowed it to damage our relationship."

I didn't know what to say to that. I never thought he would come to me and take the blame squarely onto his shoulders. He wasn't the only one to have made mistakes in our relationship. Funny that he should realize it as I had, after the fact, after we were over. I couldn't see what I needed back then either. I thought burying myself in work and school, essentially putting a band-aid over the wound, would make everything right again. It only made things worse. I pushed him away when I should have let him comfort me. I had been selfish, too, but even right then, I didn't know how to say it. I didn't know how to let it go.

I dropped his hand. "You're several years too late, Dean."

He nodded. "I know."

"If you know, why did you come?"

"Because you deserve to know that it wasn't your fault."

I nodded, too, but unlike Dean, I had tears in my eyes.

"And," he continued, taking a step forward, "I really wanted to see you again. I had this notion that I would come to the home you grew up in and things would fall back into place. You know, like they used to be."

I did know. He hoped what we had hadn't been lost after all, that somewhere in my heart I still had feelings for him and maybe we could work things out. Dean had no idea how much I wished for that after our break up. For months on end, I prayed he would come back groveling, begging, telling me how wrong he was. The stages of grief don't only apply to the death of a loved one. They can apply to the loss of a relationship, too, and at that time, I had been in that first stage. Denial. It wasn't true. It couldn't have happened. Any day now, he'll come running back to me, begging to start over, until I hit the second stage. Anger. It hit me hard and fast. I hated him. For a long time, I hated him, destroyed every photo we had ever taken together, deleted every text message and voicemail he had ever sent. The last three stages hit almost at once. Bargaining. Depression. Acceptance. Once they came and went, I was over him. I was riding a guy whose name I still don't remember in the back seat of his car, and starting a career in my chosen field hundreds of miles away from where we first met. I was done. I had moved on.



And now here the bastard was, making me hope what we had hadn't been lost after all, that somewhere in his heart he still had feelings for me, and maybe we could work things out. Shit! This was not supposed to happen.

I blotted the tears with my fingertips, hoping not to smear eyeliner under my eye like a football player, and avoiding Dean's eyes so he couldn't see every single emotion I went through over the last couple of years reflected in them.

"You're a couple of months too late for that, Dean."

months "Yes, I got that," he said, hands jammed into his jeans, head lowered. "I saw the Welcome to Iowa banner. Actually, Logan told me about your friend when I came in."

Welcome to Iowa friend I cringed. "Oh no. Did she—?"

"Rub my nose in it? Yes. Quite effectively, in fact."

I didn't want to know. "I'm so sorry, Dean."

"Hey, as long as you're happy, I'm happy," he said, but he knew that I knew him better than that. No one ever really believed that line of bull. That was just something you said to feel better about yourself. The truth showed on Dean's face not long after.

"Are you happy, Olivia? I mean, really happy."

really "Cal is a great guy," I said, sticking with the go-to answer since anything I said might seem like a lie, until I realized what I said was a lie. Cal was more than a great guy. "Since I've known him, he's been nothing but..." I thought to say attentive, kind, considerate, but those were clichés and nobody wanted to hear that. "It's been interesting. He makes me laugh, makes me feel desirable, wanted. He makes me feel like I'm important to him, and I haven't felt that in a long time. He's there for me when I need him. He gets me."

Every attribute I listed made Dean's eye twitch. Every single one was a low blow to his ego. But it was true. Cal understood me better than I understood myself sometimes. Dean was far from satisfied with my answer, though.

"But do you love him?"

Why was it the one question I dreaded to have asked of me all night had to come from Dean?

Only the most uncouth of people (like my aunt, for instance), would ask a question like that, but having it come from Dean, who was clearly looking to punch as many holes in my story as he could, meant I couldn't mess this up. This was the true test. If I screwed up in front of Dean, I couldn't make this pass in front of anyone else, not my brother, not my bestie, and most importantly, not in front of my mother.

I hesitated. I know I did. I think I may have even stammered, but the Lord up above must have been looking out for me, for out of nowhere Cal appeared as if I had called him. I heard the sound of his expensive dress shoes across the porch decking before I saw him. Cal had a distinctive stride that I could probably pick out of a crowd as well as I could the sight of Dean's wavy hair.

"Hey babe, everyone's looking for you. Something about birthday presents and blowing out candles. I don't know what they're talking about, but they want you inside." He stopped mid-stride, recognizing Dean's presence in the dim lighting on this corner of the porch. "I'm sorry. I'm interrupting something."

"No," I quickly said, eager to get away from the question I hadn't answered. I went straight to Cal and let him slide a set of searching fingers around my waist. It was the first time I felt grateful for his touch, and to hear that silly, made-up term of endearment. "Have you and Dean had a chance to meet?"

Of that, I wasn't so sure. Cal answered my question by drawing his brows together at the stranger across from him. " The Dean?"

The " The Dean," he answered. He stuck out a hand and Cal took it. "Dean Gardener."

The

"Cal Kearney. Nice to meet you."

"Yeah," was Dean's answer, a not so subtle way of saying not nice to meet you . Dean turned to me. "Ireland is a long way to go for a new boyfriend, Olivia."

not . I would have responded had I known if it were coming from sarcasm or genuine curiosity, but then Cal seemed eager to speak, so I let him. "I've lived in the States for many years. She didn't have to go too far."

"If you want my opinion, California is too far away for anything."

"It's a fair distance from Iowa, but it's not so bad. You're enjoying your life there, aren't you, Livy?"

Nothing in all my life will ever be so amazingly uncomfortable as hearing my ex-boyfriend verbally spar with my one-time lover. Maybe, as you read this, you understand. Or maybe you think I'm being ridiculous. Maybe you've had more than your fair share of lovers, and they've all met at one point or another. I, however, haven't had all that many. I can count on one hand how many men I've had sex with, and one of them wasn't even technically a man at the time (and from what I hear, he still isn't). The point is, I found myself involuntarily comparing Cal and Dean, while I stammered out a reply that ended up sounding as dumb as I thought it did, "Um, yeah, sure, I love Sacramento and its unpredictable weather patterns."

I saw more than the obvious differences, as in height or looks. I looked at the way each man held himself or held my gaze, the manner in which each spoke to me, and how they spoke to each other. Wasn't hard to pick out which one was less sure of himself. Thus, I found myself also comparing their sexual prowess. Dean would probably ask me not to go there, whereas Cal would welcome the comparison since he knew which side of that coin he fell. There was really no comparison. Cal won my secret contest hands down. I've already mentioned that sex with Cal was the best sex I've ever had in my life. He had a secret key to the female body most men only wished they had, and he had my key secured to a chain around his neck. In that department, Cal had Dean beat.

There was a different arena in which Dean prevailed, however. By contrast, sex between Cal and I, amazing as it had been, was merely sex. Sex for the sake of sex. Good sex. Hot sex. Blot everything else out of existence sex. The difference? Dean and I had sex because we loved each other. It wasn't always good. It wasn't always bad. Sometimes it was really wonderful and very fulfilling, but because we had love. Love made a world of difference between the sheets.

That love was gone now, dissolved, wadded up like a piece of paper and thrown in the trash, just like the love between Mom and Dad. Now when I think about the sex Dean and I had, in contrast to the night I spend with Cal, it had been average, what Logan would call "boring." What a waste! Being in love is a waste. A waste of time, a waste of effort, and in most cases, a waste of money. If you're in love, that's great! Go with it. Don't let it go. But for me, I figure it's better to have sex for the sake of hot, mind-altering sex with someone the likes of Callum Kearney, Irish gigolo extraordinaire, than work hard to build something that doesn't last.

Being the bold and adventurous woman that I've become, ready to throw caution to the wind because I own my choices, I wrapped an arm around Cal to show Dean I wasn't the sort that gave up on people because of emotional or physical distance. I didn't go for his waist. No, sir. Wasn't interested in it, no more than I was interested in love. I stuck my hand in the back pocket of Cal's trousers and gave his nicely shaped derriere a light squeeze. It was partly revenge, on Dean and on Cal, but I also hoped they took it as a hint.

Dean's eye twitched again and one corner of Cal's mouth lifted in response. What had started out as an uncomfortable moment ended on a note of self-assurance. At least, it did for me. In Dean, I saw only defeat. He wasn't angry or sad. He'd simply lost. He hadn't gotten what he came for. But I saw something else. A lingering question.

Do you love him?

Do you love him? Thank God Logan arrived when she did. It might have been interesting to watch Cal and Dean get into a pissing match in my behalf. It might have even been interesting to watch them fight over me. I've never been fought over before. Would have been cool, but I sensed neither man was interested in physical or verbal conflict. Dean had never been one for arguments. He was a turn the other cheek kind of guy, who let the insult burn in his chest instead of letting it roll off his back, and yet never had a meltdown. I didn't know enough about Cal to make an assumption either way, but he struck me as the kind of man who held to the old Michael Jackson epithet: "I'm a lover, not a fighter."

And I also sensed Logan was about to blow a gasket. "Ollie, stop playing around with Cal's ass and get in here if you want your presents."

"I'm coming!"

Oh, I could have killed her. Logan's comments had a way of evoking raised eyebrows. It worked on both Cal and Dean. Logan had an ulterior motive for hurrying along the festivities, though. She was quick to usher the three of us into mixed company. Logan no more worried about a battle to the death than I did. Her worry was for me. She knew the toll the double-breakup-whammy had on me. She knew my sensitivity around Dean, and because of it, she thought I might easily cave to him.

No chance in hell. I had Cal by my side. I didn't need Dean anymore.

Perhaps Dean felt the same. He walked around us and into the house without a word, hands jammed into the pockets of his jeans. Had his defeat begun to translate into anger? Hard to say. Cal wouldn't let me follow him inside. He slipped his fingers into the crook of my arm and stopped me before I could.

My eyes continued to follow Dean for a few seconds. I figured Cal had to play up my touching his rear end with his own sort of foreplay. When I turned back to him, the last thing I expected to see was concern.

"Are you alright?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. Why?"

Cal brushed his knuckles against my cheek. "You look like you've been crying. Did he say something to upset you?"

I shrugged, shook off his concern and his knuckles. "We were just talking about the past," I told him, looking to see if he would search for answers in my expression or ask them outright. Cal nodded and that was all. "You're not in the least bit curious about the details?"

"Your past with him is yours, Livy. I'll not get in the way of that, as long as he didn't hurt you."

That was sweet, but I wanted him to be curious. "Dean wouldn't hurt a fly. He just thought he could get back what he gave up. Don't worry about him."

No doubt he wondered what I meant by those last four words. Don't worry, Dean wouldn't think of hurting me? Or, don't worry, Dean won't be an intrusion? He had to be wondering it, because I was wondering it, too. What the hell did I mean by that?

"I won't," he said, a ghost of a smile playing a positive note across his features. His soft but electrifying touch slid from my arm down to my hand, and he led me into the house. "Come on. I want to sing Happy Birthday to you."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 26





Believe it or not, boys and girls, Cal has a really nice singing voice. Surrounded by every other voice in the room, they almost drowned him out, but considering he stood behind me, singing in my ear, arms around me like a good boyfriend should, I heard him quite well. Must be the Irish in him. Good Lord! Is there anything he's not good at, besides flying? Whatever it was, I had to find a way to bring this man down to earth in my own mind. I should have known, though, with that Irish tenor. The smooth quality of his voice tingled all the way down to my toes.

not Happy Birthday sung and done, my dad carried a cake into the living room that could only be described as one big confection of sunny day happiness. Two-tiered, round, with my favorite chocolate and cherry filling, layered with blue fondant icing and puffy white fondant clouds, and stuck through the top with a yellow fondant sun, the cake was a perfect representation of what everyone thinks a meteorologist loves to talk about—beautiful weather. Uh... NO . We like tornados and microbursts, snowstorms and torrential downpours, mudslides and firestorms. Gives us something to talk about. If the weather was beautiful all the time, there would be no need for the weather lady.

NO I guess I had no right to complain. A sexy man had his arms around me and was singing Happy Birthday in my ear. I was surrounded by family and friends who love me. I could take the corny happy birthday cake. Besides, the corny cake went around the room pretty quick and soon looked like the destruction and mayhem after a tornado. In the end, I got my stormy weather cake after all.

Stormy weather was in the room, too. I could feel it from Dean. His eyes never strayed from me, even as the conversation in the crowd around us shifted to my "relationship" with Cal.

Aunt Jeanine wasn't shy about putting a hand on Cal's knee to get his attention. "So, tell us, you two, how did you meet?"

"Did you meet in Ireland? That must have been so romantic."

That was my younger cousin Marissa, from Dad's side of the family. Only twenty-two, newly married, annoyingly happy, and working her way through college to become a fashion designer. She had more aspirations to leave home than I ever had.

"Ollie never went to Ireland," Logan said as she set several wrapped presents on the coffee table in front of me. Suspicion hovered over her like a rain cloud. "You would have told me if you had, right?"

I never got the chance to answer. Neither did Cal. The answer came from my other cousin, Aunt Jeanine's eldest daughter, Vera. "Impossible," Vera said nonchalantly, long straight hair making her look like a hippie out of the sixties. "My guess is you've lived in the US for many years, Mr. Kearney. Your accent is strongly Americanized."

Vera and I were about the same age but on two different levels of existence. She still lived with her mom, didn't get out much and always looked as if get-togethers like this bored the hell out of her, like she had better things to do. (I don't know what. Reruns of The Big Bang Theory , maybe . ) I found Vera to be plain and bookish; and she found me flighty and impulsive, which might be true.

The Big Bang Theory . "It's Cal," he was quick to say. "But you're right. I moved here in my teens."

That young? I thought it, but I didn't say it aloud. I'm supposed to be his girlfriend. I should know everything about him.

That young? "So, how long have the two of you known each other?"

Something by Garth Brooks played in the background. I only deciphered the voice because the crowd around us had gone silent. The question came from Dean. He was standing by the fireplace, arms crossed like an interrogator, no slice of cake in his hand. He had declined the piece I offered him.



Cal looked down at me. I looked up at him. Neither of us had solidified a safe story. "What's it been, Cal? Two, three months?"

"I would say so," he said, playing along. "The time has flown since we met. I've not been keeping track."

"A couple of months, huh?" Dean said. "Must have been some whirlwind romance."

Cal's a quick study. I think I've mentioned this. He had Dean figured out in no time, and came up with an answer to suit the question that was beginning to fluster even me. "I don't know about you, Dean, but I believe a couple of months can be all two people need. A couple of days for some." Cal looked pointedly at me. "A couple of hours for others. I happened to turn the television on one night to catch the weather before going to bed and saw this gorgeous redhead. I didn't remember what the weather was supposed to be..." That drew a laugh from everyone, but Dean. "But I did remember those big green eyes and the subtle laugh lines around her mouth. That was it. She had me. I was lucky enough to discover we have mutual friends or we would never have met. We've been inseparable since. Right, babe?"

Oh, if only that were all true. Cal could talk a good talk, but it all sounded like a barrel of bullshit to me. I still went with it. "Yeah, it was like magic ."

magic Vera fussed me with a frown. "That was too Meg Ryan in Sleepless in Seattle. "

Sleepless in Seattle. "That's the whole point," I said, around a bite of cake. "What else do I follow up all that romantic mumbo-jumbo with?"

"Ignore her, Cal." Logan again, setting the last of the wrapped boxes down. Ten in all. Smiley face emoji! "Ollie turns into a toad when you try to compliment her."

Cal nodded. He knew that already. "What did you think when you first saw me ?" he asked.

me I looked him up and down, and said, "Dayum."

"Dayum." That drew the biggest laugh of the evening and won me Cal's million-tooth smile, as well as a coat of color on my ginger gigolo's cheeks. I liked seeing him squirm. He wasn't to be the only one that night. It wasn't long before I was barraged with requests to open my presents. The wacky gifts I got served as proof that my family knew me not at all. What does an Iowan buy for a weather reporter who lives in California? Hmmm, let's see...

Socks. Shirts with goofy weather sayings. A gift basket of girly things like scented soap and body lotion, which was sure to give Cal ideas. I even got a cookbook as a gag gift. Nice cookbook, though. I was seriously expecting to open a box and find a stack of fresh, unshucked corn, but I knew to expect the worst when I set Logan's gift box in my lap. It was thin and wrapped in Valentine red.

"If this is something bad, I'm going to kill you," I told her and smacked Cal when he begged aloud for it to be something bad, making everyone laugh. I wanted to get this over as quickly as possible because I knew Logan. The minute she found out I was bringing a man home, I've no doubt she went and bought the most embarrassing thing she could find, and everyone in the room was watching anxiously to see what I would find in the box. Cal included.

I opened it, slid aside one sheaf of paper, spied red lace and quickly slapped the box back down again. "Logan!"

"Open it, open it," she said, giggling like a banshee if banshees could giggle.

"Are you crazy? I have a little brother in the room!"

To which Baylor rolled his eyes. "Are you kidding me? I'm going to be twenty in December. Jeez, Liv!"

Mostly, my concern was for Dean, who continued to stand off to the side with nothing much to say. I didn't want to do anything to offend him or make him want to leave. I wanted him to feel welcome as he would on any other day of the week in my father's house, but Cal took that choice out of my hands when he snatched the box away from me.



Without my sense of prudery, Cal opened the box and out popped an outfit that was sheer and red and came with a matching thong for everyone to see. My cheeks turned about the same color. Logan didn't play around when it came to purchasing sexy lingerie. She knew my size, and she knew exactly what would embarrass the hell out of me.

"Yes!" Cal said comically, laying on the boyfriend act a little too thick for my taste. This was followed by hoots and hollers, some overly loud applause, and a few uncomfortable glances. Vera looked away. Baylor shook his head, embarrassed at the mental image of his big sister in that getup, but laughed. Dad didn't like it at all, but that's a dad for you. I could hear him fussing Logan for making a spectacle. Dean? I don't know. I wouldn't look at him. What I did was snatch the offending item out of Cal's hands and stuff it back in the box.

"This isn't a bachelorette party, you guys. And Logan, you're on my shit list now."

"I'm always on your shit list, Honeybuns."

"Alright, alright," Dad said, ready to put the whole lingerie business away. There wasn't an ounce of manliness in the whole display and I think it bothered him. "We've got one more present to go, and let's get it done, cuz I need a drink."

While everyone laughed, Dad dug a rectangular box from underneath a mound of torn wrapping paper and handed it to me. "This one came from UPS. I don't know who it's from. It just had your name on it."

I knew this box. I'd put it together myself with a little help from a jeweler. The girl behind the counter had cleaned it up and packaged it in an original velvet Tag Heuer box. Associated with it was a mental image of Cal removing the watch from his wrist as he stood beside the hotel bed smiling at me, followed seconds later by the methodical removal of his shirt.

"This one isn't for me," I said, handing him the box.

Cal didn't have to be told what it was. There's no way he had forgotten about his priceless watch, but he raised his eyes in surprise anyway.

"For me?"

"Of course, for you. Consider it my way of saying thank you for coming all the way out here to Iowa with me."

"You didn't have to do that, Livy baby."

Cal leaned over and kissed my cheek. He was playing the boyfriend so well I had begun to wonder how much he'd had to drink. He worked it right into the opening of the present. This one hadn't been wrapped, so it was a matter of opening the packing tape the UPS Store had used to pack and ship it. About a dozen country boys, my dad included, offered the use of a pocket knife. If that moment had been a scene in a movie, it would have been the comical highlight. Everyone had a good laugh, and Cal took the politically correct offer and chose Dad's over anyone else's knife. Then came the slow reveal with Cal playing it up the whole way, from the look he gave me when he opened the box, to the widening of his eyes when he saw the brand stamped in gold on the watch box, all the way to his measured opening, the creaking of hinges, the first peek and the full reveal. He even went so far as to pretend shock at the watch's elegant black face and silver hands.

"This is... Wow babe, I don't know what to say. How could you afford something like this on your salary?"

I could have pinched his ass until it left a bruise. Instead, I nonchalantly swatted the air as if the sort of money it took to buy a watch like that grew out of my ears. "Ah, it was nothing. Some idiot left it laying around, so I pilfered it, took it to the jeweler, had it cleaned up, battery changed. The whole nine yards. Cost me less than twenty bucks."

With every word, Cal's smile grew. We were the only two people in the room for a few seconds, thoughts of our night together a thin veil of memory between us. To everyone else, I had spun a silly story, embarrassed at his praise. To us, it was more than an inside joke. It was a shared secret, a moment in time that brought us together as friends and as lovers. The lovers aspect of our relationship had ended. Cal asked for a friend afterward, and he would always have one in me, but the look in his eyes smoldered with something more than friendship.



Cal's hand was on the back of my neck before I realized what he was up to. He said, "Thanks, babe," leaned in and kissed me. He didn't waste the sentiment on a quick peck either. His open mouth met mine in a kiss less about friendship and more about lovers. He could have delved into the kiss more than what some would consider appropriate for public, but his kiss was intimate enough that I could smell the heady scent of alcohol on his breath and enjoy the taste of it on his lips. He broke from me only to come right back and plant one more. That was more than a thank you. That was a promise of more to come.

Then it was over and we weren't the only people in the room anymore. More hoots and hollers followed that kiss than I was comfortable with. My cheeks burned and my heart pounded with more than embarrassment. Having his lips upon mine again brought back all the wicked sensations he made me feel, but it didn't last for long. I wasn't the only one left flustered by that kiss. Two eyes met mine from across the room. The suspicion and the folded arms of the interrogator were now gone. In the wake of their absence, I saw only sorrow. Then the crowd seemed to swallow him and Dean was gone.

Presents gathered and put away (except for the one I'd "given" to Cal; he proceeded to wear a watch on each wrist, the dork), the crowd dispersed to imbibe in some much-needed libations, more crockpot creations and more pieces of my birthday cake. Baylor and his band buddies, all of which looked like hairy 80's rock stars, arrived to ferry my fake and fluster-inducing boyfriend away. "You want to help us set up?" he asked Cal, and by 'set up,' he meant help them set up their musical instruments. They were going to play, which was cool. I'd only ever heard them play via Skype. Cal agreed with the excitement of an eighteen-year-old, patted my knee and let the boys abscond with him, while my dad warned them only to play "the soft stuff."

I was perfectly happy with the attention not being all on me anymore. That was surely what the girls still wanted. They had their bevy of questions pouring from every pore. Logan wasn't the only one who wanted to know everything there was to know about Cal, but I absconded with myself momentarily and went in search of Dean. I found him after not too hard a search in the foyer, on the way out.

"You're leaving?" That wasn't a tiny ache in my heart. It wasn't. I promise.

He turned around, surprised to see me. "I've got some work to catch up on before bed."

"Work? This late?"

"Didn't Bryan tell you? I opened my own business in town. Taxes, accounting, bookkeeping. I've been doing well." He shrugged. "Might have something to do with the fact that I'm the only one in town."

"That's awesome, Dean." I touched his arm and he looked at my hand like he never wanted me to let go. I let go. "But you should stay. Just for a little longer. Baylor and his band are about to set up."

He scratched his forehead. "I've never cared for Baylor's taste in music, Olivia. You know that."

"Right," I said, remembering his love of the classics. Not the Eric Clapton type of classic. The Mozart variety was more Dean's style. "But you didn't even have a piece of cake."

He made a sound I should have taken as a laugh, but I knew better. "I also don't care much for sweets, if you remember."

"I do remember, but I haven't forgotten your sweet tooth for pastries and cake. Remember that pastry shop we went to in Des Moines? You ate yourself sick and I had to baby you the rest of the night."

"Yeah, I remember." I got a smile out of him this time, but it faded rather quickly. "That's part of the reason I avoid sweets this late at night." He glanced down at his watch. "Look, I should let you get back to your party, and your friend. Who knows? Maybe we'll run into each other later in the week."



Something told me to reach out and hug him, but I didn't listen to the voice as I had when it told me to return his smile earlier in the evening. He had said friend , not friends. He meant Cal.

friend friends. I sighed. "Okay, well, it was good to see you again, Dean."

"You too, Olivia. Happy birthday."

"Yeah. Thanks," I said, feeling let down, feeling guilty. Why?

Dean gave a nod and walked out. Again. The front door closed softly behind him.

"Hey." The voice made me jump. It was Logan standing with arms akimbo. "Don't forget who dumped who. He will always walk away, Ollie. That's just how he is."

Logan was right. He left me ! He walked out on me. He gave up on me. Instead of fighting to keep what he came here to win back, Dean gave up just like he had before. I should write him off, let him go, but it was hard to do. He still owned a piece of my heart.

He me He He "I know, but sometimes I wonder if it isn't me scaring people away."

She made a spit noise. Logan is especially fond of the spit noise. "If that were the case, I would have run a long time ago. As if you scare people away! You're like a puppy. You're cute as a button, and it's annoying."

I spit back. "Oh, please."

"Don't even, Sugar Tits." She pointed into the living room where Cal was holding Baylor's guitar and fiddling with the cords. "You got that sexpot's attention and all you did was give a weather report."

"Don't listen to him. He's full of shit." I wanted to tell her that Cal was just pretending, that it was all an act, but then he turned, searched the room and found me. He gave me the most beautiful smile and pretended to rock out on the guitar. It's the alcohol, I told myself, It's not me, but then I couldn't stop laughing.

It's the alcohol, It's not me, "You see," Logan said. "The man only has eyes for you." She responded to the shaking of my head with, "Unless there's something about him you haven't told me."

"I can smell girl-talk from a mile away." Ah, saved by the bell again. Logan hadn't seen my aunt shuffling toward us, her daughter and my other cousin, Marissa, in tow. But she did jump as I had.

"Hey, we're having a private conversation."

My aunt was all girlish smiles. "And I'm sure it's the same conversation we all want to have. Let us in on the four-one-one, Livy. Tell us all about your new beau."

"There's really not that much to tell, Aunt Jeanine."

"Don't play the innocent girl," my aunt said. "You bring home a man with an Irish accent who looks the way that man does, and there's nothing to tell? Who do you think you're fooling?"

The look on Logan's face said I told you so. This was the moment of family interaction that I most dreaded, and confronted with it, I became as vague as Cal in my answers. I hid a sigh. "I'm serious. I don't have a story for you other than what Cal said."

I told you so. "We already know how the two of you met. Tell us about him. "

him. I hadn't envisioned any dreamy tales or cute stories of how our imaginary romance played out, nor had Cal and I discussed it. He wanted to take each question as it came. I wanted to plan it out. I wanted to know exactly what to say when the question was put to me. I wanted a damn script. I'm not good at improvisation, not even on camera.

"Um, I don't know what you want me to say. Things between Cal and I are still...new."

"New? That's all the answer you have?" Logan has another best friend. Its name is Sarcasm. "So you met through mutual friends because he saw you on the news. Who cares? We want the juicy stuff, Ollie. We want to know how sexy that Irish accent is when he's whispering naughty things in your ear."



"Tell us where all of his sweet spots are," Marissa said, she with the perpetually happy face. "He looks like he has a bunch of them."

Logan laughed. "One would be his ass because I caught Ollie feeling him up earlier."

Vera, on the other hand, chastised, "A more appropriate question would be where did he take you on your first date?" She didn't give me a chance to answer her question. Her cheeks turned an apple shade of red when she next said, "A less appropriate question would be what manner of roguish sensations he's capable of with his impeccable teeth?"

I had firsthand experience with those impeccable teeth, and they were quite capable of some serious roguish sensations, but I wasn't about to tell them about it. My cheeks weren't any less red than Vera's.

"And tell us all about what he can do with those long, perfect fingers." Aunt Jeanine. The woman knew no bounds.

I balked, remembering perfectly what he could do with them. "You guys are horrible. I am not satisfying your perverted questions, so stop asking them."

"Hey, that's why horny girls get together at a party, Ollie," Logan said, drawing a round of girlish laughter, even from Vera. "We want details about this man you've been tapping."

Cal caught my eyes again across the room. He knew as sure as my cheeks were red that we were talking about him. How do I give details about a man I only had sex with once? How do I pretend I know where his sweet spots are when I've only ever been on the receiving end? I tasted once of his skin and twice of his lips, but I gave him nothing in return, and I had nothing to tell.

Logan was quick to jump on my hesitancy. "Or, haven't you tapped that yet?"

"Well, of course, she has," my aunt said, a reassuring arm around my shoulders. "They are too comfortable with each other to have not engaged in a little bit of naked wrestling."

The mere mental image had me hiding behind a hand, so I decided to take a cue from Cal. "What happens behind closed doors is a private matter between two consenting adults. Cal is a very private person, and he wouldn't appreciate me going on about our sex life."

"You can't keep us completely in the dark, Livy," Marissa said. "We know he looks good with his clothes on. What's he like when they come off?"

Well, maybe I could go on just a little bit, seeing as how Cal was enjoying my embarrassment way too much. My cheeks flushed redder when I remembered him standing naked as the day he was born beside the hotel bed.

"Better," I answered. "He's not rippling with muscles, but he's toned. He takes good care of his body. You'd swear somebody sculpted him."

"Nice glutes?" Vera asked.

"Very nice. Very round...firm." I snickered. God, I sounded like an idiot.

"Speaking of firm..." Logan said, making the rest of them snicker.

"Oh yes," Aunt Jeanine said, with a leering smile. "Tell us all about little Cal."

"Judging by the size of Loverboy's trouser snake, there's nothing little about him." Leave it to Logan to have given Cal a head to toe once over.

"What are you doing looking at my man's private area?" I wasn't about to use the term 'trouser snake,' but it was satisfying to say "my man." He was my man, at least for a little while.

"I always do," she said. "You can tell a lot about a man based on the size of his package."

"Oh, bullshit."

Vera scoffed. "I agree with Livy. That's not only bullshit, it's scientifically and psychologically inaccurate. It would be more accurate to say you can tell a lot about the size of a man's penis based on his choice of automobile. What kind of car does he drive?"



My eyes might have widened for a second, hopefully not giving me away. I realized I had no idea. Did Cal even own a car?

"Why look at his car when I can just look at his crotch to tell if he has a big dick or not?"

That raised the level of laughter in the foyer to painful.

"Because, dear," Aunt Jeanine said, "most men know how to place their member in inconspicuous locations. I still don't know how Bart did it and we were married for thirty-three years."

"It's not hard to determine, especially when a man wears sweatpants," Logan said as though she were teaching a class full of inexperienced girls.

"I've heard shoe size is also a good indicator," Marissa said. Her husband had big feet.

"Oh, and the length and girth of fingers," my aunt added.

Hand over my eyes, I decided it was time to bring an end to the debate on the subject of Cal's penis. "Not that it matters to me either way," I said loud enough to silence the rest of them, "but if you horny old women really must know, he is of larger than average size. Okay? End of discussion."

"What are we discussing exactly?"

That was not a woman's voice. I dropped my hand to see that a man's shape had darkened the foyer entrance, instantly muting any raucous laughter that might have followed my comment.

"I certainly hope you ladies aren't talking about me." It was Cal. He stood with one shoulder resting against the entrance, hands in his pockets, stretching the front of his trousers over the subject in question.

A group of women getting together to discuss sex and the size of men's penises would be a volatile concoction for any man, but Cal wasn't just any man. His flirtatious half smile set them all to giggling and blushing like high school girls, even Logan. I, on the other hand, thought I was going to die. I burned so hot with embarrassment the idea that humans could spontaneously combust became plausible.

"Of course, we're talking about you," Logan said, embarrassed or not. "Who else would we talk about?"

While the rest of the women laughed, Cal hid behind another one of his grimaces. "I don't know. Whoever sensible women discuss at parties—the band, the host, whoever put together this lovely feast..."

"Your husband ," I added. Logan's reply was to childishly stick her tongue at me.

husband "Where's the fun in that?" Aunt Jeanine said. "We wives gossip on our husbands all the time. We like more interesting subjects from time to time." She had to touch Cal again. Anything to cop a feel, the old dirty bird.

Cal didn't hide his laughter this time. He held out his hand to me and I didn't think twice about taking it. I had a desperate need to get away from these crazy women. The sight of Cal directing his half smile to anyone else but me was bringing back the Orpheum Theatre and that grating, middle-aged version of Jessica Rabbit named Megan. (That sounds suspiciously like jealousy and I don't really care.)

"I'm going to steal Livy away from you for a while if that's alright."

A chorus of "quite alright," and "sure," and "okay," made the rounds, and then Logan threw in, "Take her. She's not giving up the dirt on you anyway."

I replied as childishly as Logan and stuck my tongue back at her, letting Cal lead me out of the foyer and back into the living room. Good. I wanted to get away, not just from them, but from the image that still lingered of Dean walking away in defeat. He'll always walk away. So why did he come back? I've moved on. After all this time, why would he come back and pull my heart in the opposite direction?

He'll always walk away.

"Dirt?" Cal asked.

Someone had moved all of the living room furniture to one side of the room. I heard the tinkling of a keyboard, the strum of a bass guitar. The band was about to play, and I realized Cal had walked me out into the center of the floor to dance.

"They just wanted to know everything about you."

"I see."

"And I'm not in the clear yet."

"Why?"

"Because I don't know everything about you."

Cal's hands went to my waist. "This is true."

"Are you having a good time?"

His smile was sly. "Well, considering your father threatened to have my balls cut off and your aunt groped me, I'd say I'm having a better time than I thought I would."

I had forgotten all about Dad introducing Cal to Dave the gelder, but that last comment overshadowed everything else that had happened tonight.

"My aunt did what? "

what? "Let's just say you haven't been the only one squeezing my ass tonight." Cal used the hand on my waist to pull me closer, while I covered my face in embarrassment. Cal lowered my hand. "Unless that was an accident."

I bit my lip. "You're right. Clutzy me. My hand just sort of fell into your back pocket."

"It must have because I got the distinct impression earlier that intimacy was off the table."

"I did give that impression, didn't I?"

"You did."

I couldn't help but laugh at the renewed interest burning in his eyes. "Maybe, after the party, we could see if you still get that impression."

"You're trying to confuse me, Livy. You're trying very hard."

"Maybe."

His grin was so deliciously malicious, I felt guilty to enjoy the thrill it gave me. "Maybe we could also discuss the matter of a snapshot that's made its way to every female member of your family."

I froze. "Oh yeah, about that..."

Cal put a finger to my lips. He hadn't done that in a long time. "When we're alone, I plan to have a nice long discussion with you about that."

Oh, shit...

Over the newly set up microphones, Baylor announced they were about to begin playing and that the living room had been converted into a dance floor for those who wanted to dance. Thanks, Baylor. Good distraction.

"Ugh," I said. "I know my brother's band. They don't play nightclub music. Are you sure you're going to be able to dance to Metallica?"

"I don't think Metallica has songs you can dance to, and I'm not much into thrashing. Besides, your brother's band has a larger repertoire than heavy metal."

That said, Cal raised his chin to Baylor and his buddies, and what followed was a softer tune than I would have ever expected out of my brother's band. The keyboardist started with a light tinkling melody while Baylor came behind with the bass guitar. I was waiting for the lead singer, a skinny nineteen-year-old who looked like he should be frequenting Comic-con instead of headlining a band, to reach for the microphone when Cal pulled me against him. The world around us was fading again. All I could make out were his eyes. I struggled to maintain my hold on the real world, however, to see the other couples walking onto the living room floor and linking bodies. We weren't the only ones as close as lovers, but I might be the only one who's heart was racing a mile a minute.



A deep voice came over the speakers, singing, "Is it my turn to wish you were lying here? I tend to dream you when I'm not sleeping..."

"Is it my turn to wish you were lying here? I tend to dream you when I'm not sleeping..." "PM Dawn," I said, forcing myself to speak, to keep reality and not lose myself in him as we moved against each other.

"You know it?"

"I love this song. I'm just surprised my brother knows it."

"Is it my turn to hold you buy your hands? Tell you I love you and you not hear me."

"Is it my turn to hold you buy your hands? Tell you I love you and you not hear me." "The lead singer knows it, and the rest are a quick study."

"You requested it?"

Cal nodded. "It was playing in the cab the night we parted at the hotel, and ever since, it's been stuck in a loop inside my head. I can't get rid of it."

"Is it my turn to totally understand? To watch you walk out of my life and not do a damn thing..."

"Is it my turn to totally understand? To watch you walk out of my life and not do a damn thing..." "I take it that's a bad thing."

"Not in the slightest. It's one of my favorite songs. I associate it with you now."

"Then, that's a really bad thing."

A second passed between us where I thought Cal's frown meant he was thinking how he should fuss me for my self-effacing comment when he leaned in and kissed me instead. The world threatened to melt away once again. His sweet lips were the only thing that seemed to exist. His taste held more promise than the last time, and I felt him stir against me.

"Oh, I apologize for all the things I've done, but now I'm underwater and I'm drowning..."

"Oh, I apologize for all the things I've done, but now I'm underwater and I'm drowning..." I was drowning alright. Lost in him, arms around him, the tips of his fingers digging into my skin, holding me tight against his desire. Cal had little shame when it came to outward displays of affection, but I had no familiarity with it. Such displays had their place in my relationship with Dean, and it was usually designated for alone time, not in public. My cheeks burned and not only from Cal's touch. Everyone was watching. I couldn't see them. I wasn't about to look, but I knew they were. I didn't want to imagine the look on Dad's face.

Gently, I pushed on Cal's shoulders. "Stop," I said against his lips.

He broke from me, saw the color of my cheeks and grinned. "I thought boyfriends were supposed to kiss their girlfriends."

"Yes, but not in front of everyone."

"Who told you that? Dean?"

He silenced my heart for a second, as if he'd been reading my mind. Cal shook his head. "I'd never be that ashamed of you, Livy. I've never known a bad thing about you. Annoying sometimes, but never bad." And then he sang, following the lyrics to the song he seemed to know by heart. "So, take every little piece of my heart. Take every little piece of my soul. Take every little bitty piece of my mind. 'Cause if you're gone, inside I'd die without you."

"So, take every little piece of my heart. Take every little piece of my soul. Take every little bitty piece of my mind. 'Cause if you're gone, inside I'd die without you." When Cal leaned in to kiss me for the third time, I didn't flinch, I didn't move away, I didn't even push against his shoulders. I let him take what he wanted, because I wanted it too, and because I wasn't ashamed to call a man like him mine.

"If I have to give away the feeling that I feel,

"If I have to give away the feeling that I feel, If I have to sacrifice whatever, babe, whatever, baby,

If I have to sacrifice whatever, babe, whatever, baby, If I have to take apart all that I am,

If I have to take apart all that I am, Is there anything that I would not do?

Is there anything that I would not do? 'Cause inside I'd die without you... "





'Cause inside I'd die without you...





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : "I'd Die Without You" by PM Dawn - 1992 - from The Bliss Album...?

Author's Note Author's Note : "I'd Die Without You" by PM Dawn - 1992 - from The Bliss Album...? The Bliss Album...?





Chapter 27





An hour or so later, I was riding Mitzi and pounding a path back to the apartment... alone!

alone! You're confused. I get it. Things were starting to look pretty damn promising. Cal and I were dancing, he was kissing me, holding me close, serenading me. Hell, he was jonesing for me in a bad way. I could feel it. Romantic, and a little sexy, right? The logical assumption would have been for us to head back to the apartment after the party and engage in several rounds of "naked wrestling," as gropey Aunt Jeanine had called it. But when was the last time you've known me to follow the course of logic, huh?

feel Maybe Vera's right. Maybe I am flighty and impulsive, but after working so hard to charm the socks off of me, Cal made the mistake of pissing me off. Let me elucidate...

The party had begun to round down. I was hugging what felt like a gazillion people on their way out, hearing sentiments of "happy birthday" and "so good to see you again" enough times I would probably hear it in my sleep. Vera and Aunt Jeanine had gone (thank God) after helping to clean up. Logan and Troy also said their goodbyes for the night, their sleepy-eyed girls snuggled in their arms. (I didn't get to spend time with those little angels like I would have wanted, but there was a whole week left.) The only ones left after the midnight hour struck, were Baylor and his buds, me, Cal, and Dad.

Baylor and his friends were packing away their instruments. (They would sleep the night in Dad's house. Trust me, he had plenty of room.) Cal was helping Dad to put the final touches on a clean kitchen (a plus in any woman's world), while Dad talked Cal's ear off. I, being the guest of honor, didn't involve myself in any household duties. I had a score to settle with someone, and I knew even at this late hour, she would be up. Mom claimed midnight as her most creative hour.

I rang her number and she answered after a few rings. I didn't even give her a chance to say hello. "What are you doing?"

"Hello to you, too."

"Mom..."

"What do you think I'm doing? I'm sculpting." I could see her in her studio, an open room off the end of the house full of windows designed to let in natural light. She would be dressed in scrubs, which she claimed were light and airy, perfect for sculpting, and covered in flakes of white dust. "Oh, and speaking of, I can't wait to see Cal. I would like to do a bust of him. Do you think he would be willing to sit for me?"

I ignored her. "Mom, there was a birthday party thrown in honor of your only daughter. Why didn't you come?"

She huffed into the phone. "Do we have to have this discussion right now?"

"Yes, we do, especially since you invited my ex-boyfriend to the party without warning me." I said this in hushed tones as I walked out of the foyer and into the living room.

The scrape of a sculpting knife against stone issued over the phone. So, Mom was calm enough to continue sculpting while we talked. Nice. Guess she wasn't as disturbed over the whole idea as I was.

"Now, I didn't know you were bringing Cal home with you when I told him."

"Mom, you knew weeks in advance Cal was coming with me."

"Yes, but I also know my daughter. I wasn't about to believe in your Irish boyfriend story until I had proof."

"Oh, great. My mom thinks I'm a liar." I am, but she doesn't need to know that. "I cannot believe you would do that. You should have told him about Cal. Dean was heartbroken."

The scraping stopped. "I'm sorry, Livy. He seemed so eager to see you again. I thought if the two of you could work things out, you could be happy again."



"I am happy, Mom. I'm perfectly happy with the direction of my life. What makes you think I'm not happy?"

am perfectly "I don't know. You just sound so lonely over the phone sometimes."

"I don't need a man to be happy, Mom."

Yes, that sounded as mean as you think it does. It's true. I don't need a man to be happy. Granted, things were rough after Dean and I split, but it doesn't mean he was essential to my happiness; and besides, Cal has been a wonderful distraction to any case of loneliness. But those words, as innocent as I might have meant them, could only have the effect of a knife to mom's heart. It was missing three words to drive the knife home, "like you do." I hadn't said it, but I knew it was what she heard.

don't "like you do." "What you likely heard on the phone wasn't loneliness for Dean; I was missing home, missing my mom. That's why it would have been nice, and perhaps somewhat appropriate, if you could have come to my birthday party."

I heard the sculpting knife clatter onto a workstation or something. Oh crap...

"Why do you do this to me, Olivia? You know why I refuse to step foot into that house."

"Mom, I didn't mean any—"

"I am going to tell you the same thing I told Baylor. I will not walk through those doors again unless I am a ghost come to haunt your father for all the wrongs he's done to me. That man took the last forty years of my life and tossed away every sacrifice I made for him as if it meant nothing. After everything I gave up at nineteen to be with him, he doesn't deserve the privilege of having me walk the floors of that house again. If he had wanted me to be at the party, Olivia, he would have chosen a different venue. Never again ask me why I refuse to go there, ever ."

Never ever When she finished, her voice was breaking and I had tears in my eyes.

"Okay, Mom," I said with a sniffle. I had wanted to fuss her for spreading the selfie all over Facebook, but now I didn't have the heart. "I'm sorry."

"I have to go. I'm in the middle of a piece."

I told her goodbye, thinking in the back of my mind that I had also wanted to make plans for Cal and I to go see her tomorrow, but I knew she had to hang up. Not because she had to get back to work, but because she needed to cry her eyes out for a good five minutes. The wound to her heart was still raw. Women on Mom's side of the family never had the stoic resilience to bear the brunt of an affront like a badge of honor. We had a tendency to crumble. I would like to think I had broken away from the weak side of my family heritage, but I fear the opposite was true. I was struggling to maintain my own composure when a blurry version of Baylor appeared out the corner of my eye.

"You okay, Liv? What's wrong?"

I sniffed, wiped the stupid tears off my face and looked at him. Who I saw wasn't the nineteen-year-old. I saw the little boy I used to chase around the house. I miss the little boy. Mom did, too. Those were the old days. The days Dad stole away from us all.

"Yeah," I sniffed again. "I was talking to Mom."

"Oh crap," he said, doing as we always had when talking about our parents, reverting to childhood curses. "You didn't ask her why she didn't come, did you?"

I didn't have to say anything. Baylor could read the answer in my red-rimmed eyes.

"Oh man, you shouldn't have done that. She okay?"

"No."

"Double crap."

"Just answer me one question, Bay. Was Dad given the option of holding the party somewhere else?"



Baylor sighed. He knew where this was going. "When Mom said she wouldn't come, Logan offered her place."

"What did Dad say?"

"You don't want to know."

"What did he say?"

"What did he say?" He looked away. "He said, if she wants to be that damn selfish, she can stay home."

"The heartless bastard."

I avoided the use of an exclamation point here for a reason. I didn't yell it. I didn't even raise my voice. It dropped an octave or two, in fact. I was pissed, but I hadn't gotten to raving lunatic. Not yet, anyway. At this point, I still had some sense of propriety. Though, you wouldn't have been able to tell it by the way I marched straight for the kitchen.

Baylor marched after me, begging, "Liv, wait, okay?"

But I wasn't listening. The haze of red over my eyes was so great, it had veiled my vision as well as plugged up my ears. The only thing I knew was the distance I needed to cross to get myself to the kitchen, remembering all the times Dad talked shit about Mom without an ounce of remorse for what he did to her, and how many times I bit my tongue to keep the peace. I can strangely remember hearing the sound of Cal and Dad's laughter coming from the kitchen, and counting each step toward it like it was my last. I had never, even directly after their separation, gone off on Dad for what he had done. Mom had told me everything. She cried on my shoulder, and I returned the favor when Dean and I broke up. But even then, I kept my cool.

That night, something in me snapped.

"What the hell is wrong with you?"

"What the hell is wrong with you?" To this day, I don't think I could tell you how loud my voice rose. In my mind, propriety hadn't flown out the window. I was angry, yes, but I felt grounded, rational, and ready to confront Dad for treating the woman he had spent forty years with like she didn't matter. However, the two faces that greeted me when I marched into the kitchen weren't frowning as if to say, now, now, there's no reason to be upset. They were in wide-eyed shock. Particularly Cal.

now, now, there's no reason to be upset. They had been standing at the end of the counter, looking at and talking about something, Dad's relaxed nature meaning he was spinning some yarn or other. I didn't know. I didn't care. As soon as I fixed my mark on the man who had ripped our family apart, I zoned out anything and anyone else, including Cal.

Dad stepped away from the counter, lines cropping up like deep valleys between his eyebrows. "What are you talking about, girl?"

Girl. Dad's name for me when he's angry.

I crossed my arms. "I'm talking about you , intentionally holding the party here to keep Mom from coming."

you "That is bullshit. Who told you that?"

"Who do you think? Baylor."

"Liv." Baylor gave me a light, backhanded shove. "That's not what I said."

"Don't start backpedaling now, Bay."

"I'm not. I told you Logan offered to hold the party at her house, but Dad said no."

"That's the same damn thing!" I didn't give Baylor a chance at rebuttal. This wasn't a trial. Just judge and jury. I pointed an accusing finger at Dad. "You knew if you held it here, Mom wouldn't come."

"No, I did not, Olivia." Dad held an even tone, holding onto propriety when I couldn't, even though fury and shame burned high on his cheeks. "Logan offered her place, but I thought it was too small. I thought it would make for a better surprise with you staying at the guest house."



"You're a damn liar."

Dad raised two palms in surrender. They were shaking. "That's fine, Olivia. Believe what you want."

"Come on, Liv. Just drop it. Please. " Baylor, always trying to play the peacemaker.

Please. "No, he knows just as well as you and I do how Mom feels."

Dad took two steps toward me. " Do not blame me for your mother's choices. If she chose to think about herself instead of her daughter tonight, then that's on her, not me."

Do not "The hell it isn't!"

"Livy, calm down," said the only voice of reason.

I had forgotten about the fourth presence in the room. I turned to the source of that voice and saw Cal standing on the other side of the counter. Blue eyes brightly lit not only by the overhead lights but with indignation, as if he were looking at a stranger.

It should have collared me right then, but I was too busy being appalled at his audacity. "Don't tell me to calm down! This isn't about you! Remember? You have no idea what he did to her—"

Dad whirled on me. "That has nothing to do with this, girl, and you know it!"

"It has everything to do with it!"

everything "Livy."

"Livy." Cal had never raised his voice to me. He didn't do so now either, but his voice held a weight to it I had not heard before. It silenced me in a heartbeat.

"Step outside and calm yourself." He wasn't asking.

"Excuse me?"

Cal didn't budge from his position, neither the one in which he stood nor the one he demanded. "You heard me," he said as stern as a father chastising his teenage daughter. "Go outside. Take a breather and calm yourself."

"Who the hell do you think you're talking to?" I could barely say it.

"You. Now, please do as I'm asking you and step outside."

You've been there. Sure, you have. You're pissed. Someone has lit a flame under you a battalion of firefighters couldn't put out. You're ready to explode. Then, someone comes and tries to butt their nose into your business where they don't belong, and no matter how hard you try to bite your tongue, stuff comes out you would never say to your worst enemy. I was there! I was about to spit out the ugliest things about Cal taking his boyfriend act to higher and higher levels of unbelievability when he gave me a look that shut me down and shut me up.

Color had crept onto his face, and his lips were a thin line, but I didn't sense fury in him the way I felt it coming from Dad. What I saw in his eyes was a warning. Be careful, he was saying, and that's when I noticed his fingers tapping on the edge of a picture frame lying flat on the countertop. Me, Mom and Dad. The photo had faded with the passing of twenty-eight years. I had only been a couple years old when it was taken. I don't even remember the day we stood before the photographer, but I remember the young faces of my mother and father. They looked so happy. They had been so in love. What went wrong? And why didn't they ever tell me about it?

Be careful, I stormed out.

I passed by Dad without so much as a glance, my feet stomping like clogs over cobblestone, drawing satisfaction in the creak and slam of the screen door, and ready to unleash ten kinds of hell on Cal when he followed me outside.

He didn't. He stayed. Through the window, I watched him talk to my dad, watched him walk around the counter and place a hand on his shoulder like Dad was the victim. I wanted to punch him. I wanted to break his nose and mar his perfect features, but instead of acting on my violent tendencies (since I'm no Charles Manson and I probably couldn't punch a fly without hurting my hand), I put Mitzi through paces neither of us had been through in a long time.



This is where you find me.

I didn't go back to the apartment. In the dead of night, with nothing to guide us but moonlight, I ran Mitzi from one end of the property to the other, not thinking, not allowing myself to think. I only wanted to feel the wind in my hair, the leather reins in my hand, the pounding of Mitzi's hooves and the huff of her breath. I simply wanted to move and keep moving until I could outrun the hurt that had crawled up from the fissure in my heart like the undead. I ran Mitzi until she gave up on me in exhaustion on the far side of the property near the barn. She was old. She couldn't handle a full out run like she used to. Or did she know what I was outrunning? Did she know what I needed more than I did? Was she trying to make me face it?

If so, she was doing a wonderful job, because the hurt caught up. It didn't settle back into a comfortable place with ease as if my heart was its cushion. It jumped me, tackled me to the ground, wrestled its way back in, split the crack in my heart, and reopened old wounds that had never really healed. The few sutures Dean had added tonight ripped apart. Like ghosts rising from the fissure, the ugly memories came pouring out.

Dad on the phone, voice firm, emotionally mute: "Your mom and I are...we're splitting up, Olivia. We've filed for divorce. I know, I shouldn't be telling you now, while you're away from home. It's bad timing, and I'm sorry, but you deserve the truth before you come home." Mom trying to tell me the same thing over the phone, but so incapable of finding her voice through the tears she hangs up. Baylor and I trying to console each other over the loss of that which brought us into the world, feeling hopeless, feeling lost, but only able to listen to the other cry. And Dean there, feeling awkward, not knowing how to comfort a hurt-crazed woman who only knew how to vent her pain in anger and in pushing away anyone who tried to make her feel better.

I thought I had killed it. I thought I had buried it. But the old hurt was still there. My heart was still broken in three places.

But my arms weren't. I leaned over, wrapped them around Mitzi's neck, and buried my face in her mane. I cried. I cried the tears of the most wretched, feeling angry with myself for letting my emotions get the better of me, feeling stupid for losing my cool in front of Cal, and feeling guilty for lashing out at Dad and making Mom cry. I cried until I felt hollowed out, empty.

The tears didn't stop even as Mitzi walked us back home. They continued to slip from my eyes and onto Mitzi's neck like a line of weary soldiers. I must have stayed out for more than an hour. God only knew, because I sure didn't. When I walked in after putting Mitzi in her stall, Cal was sitting on the living room couch, house phone to his ear, an elbow on one knee, the other bobbing anxiously, and I thought, what a way to welcome Cal to the family. He got to see the ugly side of me, and not only in my attitude. I know what I look like after a hard cry. Red and blotchy, makeup smeared, eyes puffy like a couple of inner tubes, lips swollen. I looked like a five-year-old who had her favorite toys taken away.

what a way to welcome Cal to the family. Cal stood. "No, no. She's here. She just walked in."

I don't know how long he stayed at the main house consoling my dad, but there he was still talking to the bastard over the phone. Yes, I was still pissed! Pissed at Dad for breaking Mom's heart and for all the shit he had ever brought to our family. Pissed at Cal for taking his side over mine, for being there for him when he should have been there for me. Pissed at myself for being pissed at either one of them. I was the bad guy. I was the one who couldn't keep my cool. I was the one who made a fool of myself. No one could do that, but me. Cal should be the one angry with me. He should argue with me. He should scream, What the hell is wrong with you?, right back at me.

What the hell is wrong with you?, But like always, Cal wore his damn heart on his sleeve. "Oh God, Livy, are you alright?" he asked as he hung up the phone.

I hid my red face with my red hair and made the quickest beeline I could around him to the bedroom. He tried to reach for my arm, but I kept out of his range and made my way past him.

"Livy..."

What? I should have let him take me in his arms, huh? Hold me until I melt into him? Let him comfort me, protect me, care for me? No! I was acting completely irrational, and I didn't care. I went straight for the bathroom, closed the door and turned the shower to hot on full blast. I needed to wash away the residue of ugliness plugging every pore and I didn't need Cal to help me do it.

No! Pushing people away. It's what I'm good at.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 28





They say it takes about ten minutes or so for your fingers to prune in hot water. I had been in the shower for over half an hour and my fingers and toes looked like I had aged a hundred years. I felt that old, too. Naked butt on the shower floor, knees drawn up to my face, arms curled around my legs, hot water falling over me in a torrent to wash away the hell of crying uncontrollably. I never wanted to leave. I wanted to stay there until I shriveled up and died.

That's when I heard the door open, and softly close. Then silence.

I raised a glance over my shoulder. How does a gigolo handle an upset client? Does he call it a night, or does he ply the client with sexual overtures meant to rechannel her aggression elsewhere? No, it would appear he quietly picks up the clothes she threw all over the bathroom floor and tosses them in the hamper. I groaned. I didn't deserve for him to be so nice to me, but then again, maybe he wasn't. My gold shirt was a bitch to iron once it wrinkled.

Inevitably, he would want to talk. He would ask me if I was all right again. He would rap on the glass door and ask to come into the shower with me. He would try to comfort me, lie to me and tell me it was okay to be angry, that I could talk to him, tell him everything when he refused to tell me a goddamn thing about himself.

The door closed. I was alone again.

Just when I thought I knew what Cal was all about, he went and did the opposite of what I expected. He was a conundrum, a five thousand piece abstract puzzle to be worked out, and yet none of the pieces I'd received seem to fit together. I didn't know what to do with someone like him. The other men in my life fit into their required pegs. Dean's is a perfect circle, ordered, neat, never changing. Dad's peg is square, hard, obdurate. Baylor's is a trapezoid, four sides, but with an interesting skew.

Cal? I don't know. He has no defined shape. He doesn't appear to fit, and yet he fits so well, so perfectly. How does he do it? How does he know how to be what I need him to be?

I thought back to how he held his composure as everyone else around him was losing theirs. He knew telling me to calm down would piss me off, but he did it anyway. He hadn't sought to calm the brewing storm. He wanted my attention on him. He wanted to open my eyes, and he accomplished it by tapping on the photograph, reminding me where I came from and who I was attacking. I couldn't see it then, but I could see it now.

Stepping out, I saw my clothes were in the hamper, the shoes I had kicked into a corner were gone, and on the stool beside the shower were a folded towel and my PJ's, one lying neatly beside the other.

Sometimes, I hate having that boilable Morton blood. We have short fuses, the lot of us. Baylor didn't have the mixture as heavily as I did. It's why he could plead with me not to start trouble. But me? When my blood boils, I turn into a bitch. It made Cal's kindness hard to swallow, but I forced myself to use the offered towel and dress myself in the clothes he brought me. I had intended on wearing a baggie t-shirt and shorts. The most unflattering thing I could find. Cal must have thought I wore the tank top and matching boyshorts to bed all the time. Guess I could be grateful he didn't bring the sexy lingerie Logan had bought. Probably still at the main house anyway.

The bedroom was wonderfully dark when I came out. No one could see my puffy, sad face. Cal lay on the bed, shoes off, but fully dressed. I didn't know if he had been sleeping, but he raised his head off the pillow as I came round to my side.

"Would you rather I sleep on the couch?"

I didn't look at him when I sat on the bed to towel-dried my hair, but I answered him quickly, and forcefully, "No."

"No." Hair as dry as I could make it, I tossed the towel onto one of the chairs and slipped beneath the sheets. I was sharing the same bed with a man who had taken me to the edge of passion and eternal bewilderment over the last month, and yet I was light years away from understanding him. I wanted to apologize. I wanted to pretend he didn't exist. I warred with whether or not I wanted to kill him for his kindness or kiss him until both our mouths hurt.



His knuckles brushed mine. I looked out the double doors to the balcony, listened to the crickets and the breath of the wind on the other side, but I didn't move my hand. He was awake. I could feel his eyes on me. How good it would feel if he took me into his arms and held me, but if he did, I think I would probably slap him. I was on fire. I was cold as ice.

"Do you mind if I ask you a question?"

"I don't want to talk," I said, biting back a tarter reply.

"Okay."

For a while, in amidst the chirping of crickets and the quiet of the night, there was only his restless breathing and the beat of his heart in the raised veins on the back of his hand. Then...

"If you don't, I will," he said.

I sighed audibly.

"My father used to beat the living shit out of me."

My heart stopped to hear him say that, but Cal kept talking.

"Didn't matter what for. If the sun hit him in the eyes in the morning, it was a good enough reason. Drunk. Sober. Good mood. Bad mood. When the need to strike hit him, the old fucker took it. Couldn't hold down a job to save his worthless fucking life. What little money he made, I supplemented by stealing. Food, clothes, alcohol. Whatever he needed, but God help me if he found I stole anything for myself. I rarely went to school, and when I did, it was with bruises or broken bones. Or worse. He didn't spare a single part of me. Do you understand what I mean?"

I could hardly breathe. My stomach ached for him, but I couldn't look at him. What he hinted at wasn't something I could fathom, let alone try to understand.

"I don't know if I want to," I said and I hated myself for it.

Less than twenty-four hours had passed since he told me his past was his own, that he wasn't ready to give it up. I'll never know what it took for him to open up to me, all so he could tell me what he next said.

"Your father loves you, Livy."

"I know." My voice broke.

"Whatever his mistakes are, he loves you. You don't know how lucky you are to have that."

My eyes burned with fresh tears. "Stop. I don't want to cry anymore."

He could have stroked my arm or held me, snuggled against me or kissed me. Instead, he hooked one finger with one of mine. He knew any of those actions would have been too much for me. It made me think of Dean and the night I found out about the divorce. He had wanted to comfort me, hold me, kiss me, and tell me how much he loved me. There was nothing wrong with that in and of itself. Those were good things, but he never could understand how I get when emotions overtake me. Touch becomes excruciating. The simplest gesture becomes nails across a chalkboard. Dean said it himself. He couldn't see that what I needed was to be left alone. And I was feeling it now, gritting my teeth against Cal's touch, but having a tiny piece of his puzzle made it bearable. That he had the courage to give it up, gave me the courage to withstand the comfort he wanted to give.

I sucked it up, bit it back. I had cried enough tonight. I wasn't going to cry for myself anymore and I had a feeling Cal wouldn't want me to cry for him, either. When I turned to him, I saw the past didn't live in him. He didn't hold onto it, not like I did.

"He cheated on her," I told him. "He cheated on all of us."

Cal took his hand away, used it to prop his head as he turned on his side, but he was quick to replace it with the other. "Have you talked to him about that?"

"I can't."

"You should, or it will keep coming up this way."

That wasn't something I didn't already know. What I wanted to know was how he handled things with his own father. Had he followed his own advice? But I wasn't willing to ask. Cal had told me more than I was ready to know about his past.



So, I asked, "What did he say after I left?"

Cal sighed. "I'd rather not say."

"Why?"

"Because he should tell you. Not me." When he saw the dejection I projected, Cal squeezed my hand. "But I will tell you, no matter what he did, you need to talk to him. You need to air this thing out between the two of you, or you're going to end up hating him the way I hated my father. You don't want that."

It was on the tip of my tongue to say, You should still hate him, but I kept my thoughts to myself. Whatever reason Cal had for moving on, it wasn't my business to squash it. Besides, it brought out a side to him I never understood before.

You should still hate him, "You remember when I called you a bartending psychologist?"

He smiled. "Vividly."

"I was wrong." I played with the collar of his shirt. "You're wiser."

The smile softened. His eyebrows raised once in a shrug. "Worldly wisdom. I guess I see things from a different perspective than most."

I touched his face. "I'm sorry, Cal."

"For?"

"For showing you my ugly side..."

"No, Livy, you didn't."

"And I'm so sorry you didn't have any love as a child."

Try as I might, I couldn't fight the tears that welled up or the tremble in my voice. Not for saying what I felt, but for seeing the truth of it in Cal. He may not live with the pain of his past, but it surfaced briefly on his face. Even in the dark, I could see it glistening in his eyes and quivering slightly on his chin.

He wiped at the tear making its way over my nose. "I thought you didn't want to cry."

"I don't," I said.

Without thinking about what it might mean, or whether it would have repercussions, I leaned forward and kissed Cal on the mouth. He needed it. For the lack of love in his life, and for anything else he might have gone through that he wasn't ready to talk about, he deserved it. He deserved to have someone show him tenderness.

I thought he might pull away from me. Every other kiss this evening had come from him, from "the boyfriend," from a place of make-believe. This kiss was real. This was Olivia kissing Callum. Maybe I wasn't very good at it, but I made the first move and Cal melted into it. Our lips were touching, teasing, playing at a deeper intimacy. He coaxed for more with an open mouth, his tongue grazing the underside of my top lip. I met him halfway. We touched, taste as sweet as honey, as intoxicating as wine. The hand that held mine sought my waist, pulled me closer, and then like fire, we consumed one another. Arms and legs and tongues intertwined. Lips became one. Taste and breath came as though from a single mouth. Cal leaned into me until he was almost on top of me, but it wasn't enough. I wanted more.

I pushed away from him.

"Are you alright?" he rasped, hands seeking me, in my hair, at my waist, trying to pull me closer.

"Yes." Of course, I was. My body might have been on fire, but I was just fine.

I I kicked the blanket and sheets off me, pressed my hands onto Cal's shoulders until I had him on his back, and then I straddled him the way he had me a more than a month ago. I didn't say anything. I simply moved my fingers through his hair, mussing the short strands. Nails scraped across his scalp. His eyes rolled back and closed, relishing the sensation. His face was next. His gorgeous face with the thirty-something age lines that had already marched across his forehead and crinkled around his eyes. I traced every one with my fingers and kissed them with my lips. I kissed his eyelids, loving the flutter of his eyelashes against my skin, ran my thumb down the bridge of his nose and kissed the end of it. His entire face was in my hands when I found his sweet lips. I thumbed his mouth open, grazing over his perfect teeth, letting him bite the pad of my thumb. Not hard, but enough to make me gasp, and then shudder when he gave it a loving caress with the tip of his tongue.



Hungry Cal's hands went into my wet hair. He tried to lift himself up to me, to touch me, to kiss me, but I pushed him back down.

"No," I said and gave him the kiss he sought. We searched for each other in it, reaching for the soul, looking to find the place where we both hurt so we could heal what ached. Our breaths mingled. Our voices hummed together, resonating and warming our bodies.

I wasn't the expert Cal was, not by any stretch of my imagination. Finding his "sweet spots" would take some work, and Cal wasn't making it any easier. He could only do what he was good at. He put many long years into the art of pleasure. He knew not only what a woman wanted, but what she needed to reach that precipice of exquisite desire. When his hands found their way to where my thighs held him on either side, I fought hard with the thought of letting him do what he was good at, letting him push me over the edge. Caressing and coaxing, digging into the space between my thigh and my calf, working his way to my hips and over my ass, parting tender flesh, letting his fingers slip beneath my panties to reach for my center.

Into his open mouth, I cried. He could do things to me no one had ever done. I could have caved right then, relaxed my body and let him have his way, but that's not why I came onto him.

I pulled Cal's searching hands away from me and stuck them over his head.

"Leave them there."

"What's wrong?"

"Can't you lay still?"

"I want you."

"And you'll have me." He sighed, as though he worried I wasn't going to give myself to him. "Haven't you ever let someone make love to you, Cal?" I took his inability to answer as a no. "Can I ?"

I His lips moved, but still, no sound issued from his mouth. He couldn't. He hadn't the words in him to speak what he felt, but I didn't need to hear them any more than he needed to speak them. His answer was in his eyes, in the nod of his head. Eyes open, knowing full well the move we were both making. I saw my own fear reflected in him. There would be no going back from this. We had already kissed as lovers. Sex for the sake of sex was one thing. To make love was quite another. If I kissed him now, I sealed the deal.

My rational side told me if I did, I would regret this move for the rest of my life. He'll break your heart in a fourth place, it said, and you might never recover . But my heart looked into his soul and saw a man who may not have ever known what it meant to be loved. Okay, so maybe this was no different than finding an abandoned puppy on the side of the road, dirty, wet, beaten, bruised and wanting to save it...but dammit, I kissed him. I pushed aside my fears, I told my rational side to shut the hell up, and I kissed him. Consequences be damned. The smile on his face when I pulled away told me there would be no consequences.

He'll break your heart in a fourth place, and you might never recover Hands over his wrists, I mirrored his smile. It lightened the moment, calmed our hearts, but it wasn't the reason I smiled. "You still have two watches on, you dork."

"Your fault."

My fault or not, they didn't stay on him for long. I tossed them onto the bed beside us, to Cal's warning of "careful with those," and proceeded to run my hands down his arms, over his armpits, and down his sides until I found the hem of his shirt. That didn't stay on him for long either. The striped polo shirt that I thought looked so handsome on him now covered his watches. He looked better without it. I gazed down at his body in the light of the moon coming through the balcony doors. Cal hadn't let me touch him before. This was my chance to trace the length of his neck with my lips, to find the hollow of his throat with my tongue, to worship the rush of blood through his jugular. I went back to his face again, caressed his flawless features, the straight line of his eyebrows, the hard angle of his jawline, and the delicate flesh of his earlobe, but I wanted even more.



I wanted to explore every part of his body as he had explored mine, to make Cal know the intense pleasure he had given me, but his was an alien landscape I had never sought to discover. Below me, his chest expanded beneath my touch. His heart slammed like a jackhammer behind pectorals that could have been sculpted out of marble, but I had the real thing. Flesh and blood, warm skin and a smattering of light colored hair running from the center of his chest, down his belly and into his trousers. I ran my hand over him, down his chest, over nipples taut and raised, over his ribcage expanding with every quick intake of breath, and down a flat belly of well-defined abs toward where his trail of hair disappeared.

I knew then what I wanted. I curled my fingers into the top of his trousers. He was right beneath me, the button and zipper holding the most sensitive part of him from my searching hands. But my hands weren't all that wanted to touch him. My lips were wet to find themselves against that part of him, and yet I was hesitant. Dean hadn't been particularly adventurous in that regard. He had never sought my secret places with his mouth, nor had he ever let me venture down south. By the way Cal's mesmerized gaze begged me, from the top of my head to the rise and fall of my breasts, I had a feeling he wouldn't be so finicky.

I tried for the same reverence with which he had once looked at me. Wasn't sure if I got it. Hell, I wasn't sure if I could go through with this all the way, but there was only one way to start. I grabbed the hem of my top and pulled it over my head without hesitation. Didn't mean I wasn't nervous as hell, and when Cal said in one long breath, "My God, Livy, you're beautiful," the room spun. Briefly. I recovered quickly, but it damn well spun.

He reached for me, but as much as I wanted to feel his hands on me, I wouldn't let him. I caught his wrists and brought them back over his head.

"Let me touch you, Livy."

"No," I whispered into his mouth. "My turn."

I went in search of his sweet spots and knew I'd found the first one when Cal drew in a sharp intake of breath. His nipples. I hadn't paid close attention before, but they were hot, erect points on his chest. They demanded attention and I gave it to them. I let my mouth dance lightly around one, enjoying its hardness against the flitting of my tongue, while my hand teased the other, working from the outside to the center, licking and gently nipping. I switched sides, taking my queues from the quickening of his breath to the warmth and humidity of his body, and then I moved lower, closer to the destination both of us wanted. I trailed my kisses along his ribcage, down his side while my hands played over his abdomen.

And that's where I halted, shaking, my lips trembling along the waistband of his trousers. My breath playing over his sensitive skin as hot as he was hard. There were only a few layers of fabric between him and me. I looked up into Cal's eyes. It was one of the hardest things I've ever done, knowing what I was about to do, but I made myself do it. My cheeks flamed. My body throbbed with a dull ache. I wanted him to feel the same thing, so I found the outline of him with my hand and brought my open mouth upon him through the fabric of his trousers. Cal's entire body trembled as my lips trailed down his length, remembering how good he felt inside me. The dull ache became a painful arc in my lower abdomen and I whimpered against him.

Cal opened his legs, letting me slip between them for better purchase, and I found my bravery in his groan of arousal. Button loose, zipper lowered, I pulled on the fabric that separated us and set Cal free.

Let's take a breather...

I'm going to be honest with you. I had never been this up close and personal with a penis before. I didn't know what I was doing. Suffice it to say, I was a little overwhelmed, particularly with Cal's. I have never spent an afternoon researching the proper technique, nor have I Googled to discover all of its erogenous zones (the whole damn thing looks like an erogenous zone to me), let alone the scientific or slang names for all of its individual parts, so forgive me if I get the lingo wrong. (Ask me one day about the shaft of a tornado and I'll be able to tell you all about it.) I didn't know what would feel good or even what would feel out-of-this-world amazing to Cal. All I had to go on was what felt good to me—a light touch that grew slowly in intensity and pressure until I felt like my world was going to implode. Basically, I had to improvise...

So, without going into any heavy detail... (Hey, you should be grateful. At least you're getting a breather. I didn't.) ...I worked my way from the bottom up, concentrating on the spots I had only heard were the most sensitive, kissing his tender flesh and running my tongue from one end of him to the other before taking him fully into my mouth. Well, maybe not fully. Cal's a bit much for that. I gag on a toothbrush, but anyway, the point is, judging by Cal's fevered reaction—" Oh fuck , Livy..."—I was doing pretty good. He pawed at the bed, disobeying a direct command, trying to reach for me, wanting to touch me, breathing like a man close to taking his last. As aroused as he made me the first time, I didn't believe it was possible to be so close to coming merely from knowing I could have this effect on a man like Cal.

Oh fuck I could have gone all the way, I guess, but I wasn't prepared to, and I was far too inexperienced. Besides, my desire to taste of him had been sated. I wanted him in more ways than one.

I made our separation as fleeting as possible, hating and loving the ache in Cal's voice when he asked me where I was going. "Not very far," was my answer. I slipped from the bed long enough to remove my boyshort PJ bottoms. Cal, always one to think ahead (the dirty bugger), didn't shirk on the quick application of a condom; though, I did help him this time, and not only with my hands. He relished every second of it.

Cal's desire was so ramped up, his need to touch me so palpable, to plunge deep into me, that he couldn't speak. If a man could beg without saying a word, Cal would win the award for it hands down, so I let him win the intimacy he so desperately desired. I mounted him, slid over him, enveloped him within me. Cal sat up, taking me into his arms, burying his face in the crook of my neck, breathing deep of me and expelling his heat. His lips found those places on my neck he knew well how to tweak to his advantage. Hands in his hair, I pulled until he looked up at me. I rocked hard against him, clenched my muscles around him, watching as exquisite pain altered his handsome features. And he thought I was beautiful. Nothing else felt as beautiful or as right as letting him fill me again.

he I We kissed. We had once during sex the first time, but it was nothing like this. We hadn't been so wrapped up in each other, arms and legs, hands and mouths, bodies rocking to the beat of a rhythm only we could hear. There was no desperate need in our kiss. We weren't searching for anything. I think...(Oh shit, it's so hard to write this, let alone to have thought it at that moment)...I think there was no longer any need for us to search for what was missing. We found it, found it in the way our mouths met, the way we caressed and kissed each other's flesh, and the way we looked at one another as the crescendo of our union obliterated all other thought or existence. There was only the two of us when we came, and there was only the two of us after, lying in each other's arms.

Sure, I might have written all that with a bit of poetic fluff, but Cal said it better than I ever could.

"I missed you, Livy."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Part Four - "Don't Say That I'm Falling in Love..."




It's been years since I've shared a bed with anyone. It's been even longer since I've lain naked with another warm body. Two surefire ways to keep me from getting any sleep, and not for the reasons you think. Cal and I did not spend the rest of the night finding ways to push our sexual envelopes. We were both way too tired for that. It was nearly two in the morning when Cal snuggled next to me beneath the sheets, put his head on my shoulder and whispered goodnight.



The problem is, I'm a light sleeper. Always have been. The other person moves, and my eyes open. It took a long time before I became completely comfortable sleeping in the same bed with Dean. And on the subject of sleeping naked, it's never been my forte. Not even when I sleep alone. Can't do it. I'm awake for hours. Some people, like Mr. Callum Kearney for instance, might prefer feeling fancy-free between the sheets over the restriction of clothing, but not me. I want that swaddling-cloth feeling. Lulls me to sleep.

That said, I slept like a damn baby.

Contributing factors: the late hour, jet lag, alcohol, too much cake, fighting with Dad, my crying jag (which could probably knock anybody out), and the indescribably fantastic sex I had with Cal.

Strike that. I guess I should say, the indescribably fantastic...love we made?

There was much that had been different about our coming together last night, and I'm not talking about the fact that I took the bull by the horns, either. (I could make a joke out of that, but I'm trying to keep this part of the story clean.) I'm talking about the one in which we didn't talk after like we had before. Cal didn't ask how well he did (neither did I, for that matter), and I didn't accuse him of not being real. Neither of us had any reason to. Saying how much we missed being with each other was all we needed to say.

Of course, I told him I'd missed him, too. He wasn't the only one who felt it. It was like finding the answer to a question you couldn't quite put the words to.

But the other, the most important difference, was that Cal didn't leave. He didn't walk out the door and tell me to have a nice life. He stayed. He held me in his arms, we kissed without speaking, and then I don't remember much after that. Except for somewhere in the wee hours of the morning, when the sun was peeking over the horizon to get a glimpse of the moon. I woke groggy-eyed, caught in a dream I can't remember, to Cal moving restlessly behind me in his sleep. He mumbled a string of incomprehensible words, only one of which I understood, before I touched his face and whispered to him that he was okay. He quieted, his arms went tighter around me, and then I was out again.

You want to know the one word I understood? Cal said, "Stop."

I had been too tired then to feel anything but the greedy hands of sleep pulling me back into its embrace, but once I was awake, there was an ache in my heart for him. Events unimaginable to me have colored Cal's childhood, the depth of which I am afraid to fathom. I can't help but wonder how the past might have altered his adult life. How did it make him choose the course he's allowed himself to take in life? Who might he have been had he been raised in a stable family? Would we have ever met? Makes me think how selfish I had been that first night in the hotel. I said ugly things to hurt him because I hadn't wanted him to leave. Now, I know Cal never would have stayed. Sleeping the night with a client was probably on his no-no list. He was far too private a man to explain away his bad dreams to every client.

Speaking of clients, that was another problem.

I'm the one who used the word "love" this time. I'm the one who put it in conjunction with sex and turned it into "make love." I sealed the deal, didn't I? Kind of changes the game, and guess what, boys and girls, I do not share well.

Daylight had been kissing my skin for some time when lips, with their familiar prickly whiskers, began to kiss the space between my shoulder blades. Fingers found their way into my bed hair, moving it out of the way so that those lips could find their way to the back of my neck and behind my ear. I was tingling from head to toe when Cal slipped his arms beneath mine and settled over me.



"Good morning," he whispered into my ear.

"G'mornin'," I mumbled back.

"Time to wake up, babe. You've been asleep all morning."

"What time is it?"

"Almost ten-thirty."

My eyes popped open. "Ten-thirty?"

Cal chuckled softly. "I know. You're supposed to be the morning person. Me, the night owl." He kissed the base of my neck. "But I'm not complaining. I've enjoyed watching you sleep."

"Ugh, did I drool?"

"No, but you will be."

I threw him a skeptical glance over my shoulder, and he laughed.

With one more kiss, this time to my cheek, he said, "I made breakfast."

"Oh." I knew I smelled something wonderful other than Cal, but that wasn't the best part. "You made breakfast for me? That's so sweet."

"Well, brunch, and I'm hungry, so get up off your beautiful lazy ass or there won't be any left." Cal was up and off of me in a heartbeat, smacking said lazy ass on his way out.

"Ow!"

Someone's in a good mood this morning, I thought. Of course, he would be, after last night. I should have been, too. I was , but I was also apprehensive. I had a father and a little brother to face this morning, and a late night decision to contemplate. Ugh, indeed.

Someone's in a good mood this morning, I was While Cal huddled behind an open refrigerator door, I got up in search of my clothes. I didn't have the slightest idea where I tossed them last night, and I couldn't find them anywhere. Cal had tossed his clothes onto a chair by the balcony doors. I lifted a pant leg. Low and behold, there were my tank top and boyshorts buried underneath. The undies I grabbed, but instead of the tank, I opted for Cal's striped polo. It was big on me, the hem low around my hips, but the smelled of him and his cologne made my late night decision easier to bear. If I let myself, I could easily get used to this.

The sentiment doubled when I walked out of the bedroom to the smell of breakfast. The scent of toasted bread, butter, egg, and something that smelled suspiciously like bacon, but not. Cal was at the range, putting the final touches on whatever dish he had concocted when a ding-ding prompted him to remove a cell phone out of his pocket. He looked, frowned at the screen for a second or two, saw me walking out of the bedroom, then pressed the power button and put the phone back in his pocket.

ding-ding "What are you doing wearing my shirt?" he asked with a playful grin.

I had to put what I had witnessed aside for now, but my Morton curiosity had been amped. Two thoughts crossed my mind—one, I hadn't seen him with a cell phone before (I figured he had one, but it had never once crossed the light of day in my presence), and two, he had frowned. Not the sad or upset kind, but a worrisome one.

I grinned back. "Well, I wouldn't have had to if you hadn't hidden my PJ's."

He was laughing like a guilty man when I wrapped my arms around his middle and pressed a kiss to his back through the white t-shirt he wore. I had to stand up on my tiptoes just to see over his shoulder.

"What's for breakfast?"

"Eggs Benedict."

"Oooohhh, Eggs Benedict. So fancy. Is it a Kearney culinary masterpiece?"

Cal ladled hot hollandaise sauce onto poached eggs. I slipped my hands under his shirt.

"Not exactly. It's my take on a classic."



"Learned it in culinary school?" I pressed my lips lightly to an open patch of skin near his neck the collar didn't cover.

"I taught myself," he said, sounding strangely off-kilter as he sprinkled chopped parsley over top.

I ran my fingers along the inside waistband of his shorts, hoping to remind him of last night. His abdomen tightened. "What's different about your version?"

"Prosciutto instead of Canadian bacon." His voice had thickened exponentially. "And if you don't stop we're never going to get to eat it."

I giggled and pulled away from him, letting Cal alone long enough to set our plated breakfast on the sequoia tabletop at the end of the counter. I offered to pour our coffee, to which Cal quickly refused and hurried me to take a seat, but the back of my mind kept playing the image of him frowning at a message on his cell phone. Curiosity wouldn't leave me alone. So much so, I had been sorely tempted to caress a little lower than his waistband while simultaneously slipping my other hand into his pocket just to get a peek at what he saw. I managed to refrain myself, however. You should be proud of me.

I took a seat. "Where'd you get the prosciutto?"

"The main house," Cal said, setting a cup of coffee before me. I took a sip. Just the way I liked it. "I took Mitzi for a ride while you were sleeping."

I almost choked on the coffee. "You? By yourself? She let you? "

She let you? "Yeah," he said, stifling a laugh at my reaction. "It wasn't that difficult."

"Yeah, but..." Mitzi never let anyone ride her, but me. Sure, Dad from time to time, and maybe old Joe, but no one else. She wouldn't let Baylor close before she chuffed at him. He swears I taught her to hate him. But that's not it. Mitzi has simply never been fond of the human male. Yet, Cal walks up and charms the hide off of her. How does he do that?

Cal tapped a fork on my plate. "Eat, Livy. Tell me what you think."

I've had Eggs Benedict before. It's not my favorite version of breakfast. Depending on how it's made, I find the lemony tang of hollandaise sauce a bit overpowering. I prefer the standard breakfast. Eggs, bacon, couple slices of toast slathered in a slab of butter. Take me to Cracker Barrel any day of the week, and I'm yours, baby! But this was...

"Oh my God, Cal," I said with a mouth full of food. "This is like...mmm!"

The sauce wasn't overpowering at all. Not too tart or spicy with cayenne pepper. In fact, it paired perfectly with the flavor of the yolk, which was of my favorite consistency—runny. The prosciutto didn't hit the pallet like salty bacon, either. It had a light flavor that didn't sit heavy on the stomach.

"You like it?"

"I love it!" I took a second to swallow. "How did you learn to do this? I've heard it's not easy to make."

"I had some help here or there over the years, but I mostly taught myself."

We all know where my mind went. Who helped him? You're thinking it, too. I know you are. Invariably, I thought of the C-word. Client. The thought subdued me.

"Well, it's very good."

Since we were sitting right next to each other, Cal leaned over and kissed my cheek. "Thank you."

I told the brooder in me to shut up. I bit down on the question sitting at the end of my tongue. I kept telling myself, give him time. His scars were thicker than mine. Cal was giving himself to me bit by bit. I needed to let him do so naturally, but the uncomfortable thoughts kept spinning whirlwind-style, picking up my suspicions like tumbleweeds and tossing them about. None of them were good.



"What's on the agenda for today?" Cal asked after sipping hot coffee.

I groaned. "You mean, other than groveling to my dad?"

Cal rubbed my back. "Don't grovel. Just talk."

Easy for him to say, but again, I bit my tongue. I had more than Dad and Baylor to apologize to. "I'd like to go see Mom. I want you to meet her before the showing."

I reminded Cal it was only a couple of days away. Mom was probably pretty busy with the whole affair, but I was sure she would have more than enough time in one day to meet the man her daughter was supposedly dating.

Yesterday, I could make sense of this. Cal and I, the couple (as people were supposed to see us), were fake. We were a pretense to keep my mom from worrying about me. Seeing her today was supposed to solidify that, to keep her special day, special. Last night changed things. The business relationship had gone out the window. I don't know what Cal and I are now.

"I thought you might want to," Cal said. "So, I was thinking while you slept, maybe I could...cook dinner? I don't know. Would that seem pretentious?"

How can a man be so damn sexy, fill me with such anxious thoughts, and still be cute at the same time? He was worrying about the impression he would make on my mother. He didn't know her at all, didn't know he had already won her over by doing one simple thing—choosing me.

I couldn't help but smile. "I think she would love that," I took his hand and said.

As we ate, we talked about the meal ideas he had, what Mom's preferences were, what I preferred, if either of us had allergies, which led to further tales of kitchen escapades when I was a girl, trying to learn from Mom as I grew up and her finally giving up on ever teaching me a thing about cooking after I almost burned the house down. We were laughing. Our hands were never far away from each other that we couldn't touch or caress. For a warm July morning, the day outside was beautiful, the sun was out, the birds singing, the butterflies flitting, and I was spending the morning in the company of a man who so perfectly played the part of the doting boyfriend that I couldn't tell where the pretense ended and reality began.

It shouldn't be like this. Last night should have made this morning awkward. Instead, we were more comfortable with each other now than we were the night before. I was beginning to wonder if there had ever been a pretense.

And it scared the shit out of me.

We were cleaning up after breakfast when I let the fear of it get the best of me. "So, who was that on the phone?"

"Hmm?" Cal was stashing the plates away in the cupboard when he asked.

I plunged forward, my heart pounding. "When I came into the kitchen earlier, I heard your phone ding. You must have gotten a text message or something. Who was it?"

We didn't know the same people, not like our fabricated whirlwind romance implied. Any answer Cal would have given me would have gone over my head and he knew it.

"No one," he answered, not looking at me as he dried our coffee cups.

I wiped down the table top. "A text message from no one? Interesting."

I heard a sigh. "No one important. "

important. "Oh, you mean a client. Wow. One day out and they're already clamoring for your attention. You must be extremely popular."

He turned to me, draping the dish towel over a tense shoulder. "I'd rather not have this conversation, Livy."

Why not? It hung like a dangling trapeze artist between us. I wanted to say it. I wanted to force the truth out into the open. We had sex. Not the sex between a gigolo and his client. Real sex. Sex between two people who had a deep and unrelenting passion for one another. Lovers. We weren't faking it anymore.

Real sex. Lovers.

"Well, I would," I said, holding my tongue from saying what I wanted to say, and yet not holding back at all. "I think it's a perfectly relevant conversation, after last night."

Cal leaned against the counter. His jaw ticked. If there was ever a sign indicating his irritation with me, that would be it. "Why discuss that when we haven't even discussed the photograph you took of me without my permission?"

"Oh, way to turn things around, Cal," I said and tossed the dishcloth I had been using over his shoulder and into the sink behind him. He eyed me like I had aimed for him. I hadn't. "Don't get yourself all worked up. It's just a picture. People take them all the time."

"Not of me, they don't."

"I'm sorry, Mr. Gigolo, maybe you should have given me a list of your do's and don'ts before we came into this agreement."

Cal's ginger skin flamed. I watched the color flush upward from underneath his collar and up his neck until it burned his cheeks. When he spoke, his voice was under careful control. "I just think it would have been nice if you could have said something to me about it before you plastered it all over the fucking internet."

"I did not," I said, hurt at the accusation. "I took the damn picture because I thought it would be a cute way to introduce you to my mom, mostly because I knew she wouldn't get to meet you right away. I expressly told her the picture was for her benefit only, but she went and put it on Facebook anyway."

"Facebook?" He said it like he had never heard it before.

"Yeah, Facebook. Don't you know what Facebook is?"

Cal turned his eyes away, nodded absentmindedly, pondering something I couldn't read. "I avoid social media."

"Yeah, avoiding things is what you're good at."

The look he shot my way stung right in the tender parts of my conscience, and so did his next words.

"And you, Livy, work a little too fucking hard at being a bitch."

I had nothing to throw at him, so I threw his favorite curse word back at him. "Well then, I guess we're fucking even."

fucking "Not fucking close."

Cal took two steps toward me, took both hands perched on my hips, put them behind my back, and proceeded to crush himself against me. His mouth found mine like lightening at the end of a rod, like it belonged there. His kiss began as an unforgiving demand, pressing hard enough to make me suffer, to make me fight him and his grip on me, and yet with enough passion to force my surrender. And I did, a bit too easily. I weakened under his demands, ceased my fighting, and Cal loosened his grip to let me work my arms around his neck. I lost my fingers in his hair and the stubble on his cheeks. His hands found their way underneath the polo to dig the tips of his fingers into my hips and buttocks, pressing me hard against him. He took me from angry to aroused in a matter of seconds. I was ready for him to take me back into the bedroom. Hell, he could have propped me up on the counter. I'd have taken anything at that point. But he ended the kiss as a soft and gentle plea, and pulled away from me. We were both breathless.

"Okay, so maybe you're good at other things, too."

I had hoped to see Cal smile, but he only huffed. Was that just a heavy exhale or was he not appreciating my humor?

"Let's not do this, Livy," he begged me. "I don't want to argue."

"I don't want to either, but if it gets you to kiss me like that again..."

"Stop." He squeezed my hips and shook me. "Stop hiding behind your bad jokes and your hurtful words. Tell me what you feel ."

feel His intense blue eyes were boring into me so hard I could almost feel him in my brain, routing around in my storage boxes of thought, trying to find the secret part of me, the part of me that still cried over my parent's divorce.



"You want to know what I'm feeling, Cal? I'm scared shitless. I'm scared of you, I'm scared of what I feel for you, and I'm scared of where this is going."

He sighed and touched his forehead to mine. "I am, too. I'm terrified. You make me feel things I didn't know I could feel. Last night was the most extraordinary night of my life, Livy. And not only for how it ended. I got to spend an entire day with you, learning about you and your family. You're so different from anything I've ever known, and all I can think is that I want more." He kissed me softly, pulled back and brought both hands to my face. "I don't want to spend what time I have with you worrying about the things between us that might keep us apart. I just want to be. I want to be here, in this place and time, with you, as if nothing else exists. Can we do that?"

I lowered my eyes. "I'm a realist, Cal. You know that. I don't like to pretend."

"I stopped pretending a long time ago. Haven't you noticed?"

I could hardly breathe. He was saying everything I both wanted and was terrified to hear. "I'm broken. I'm screwed up."

Those were supposed to be thoughts. I wasn't supposed to say them aloud, but all I could think about were the reasons why I should dissuade him and knowing I couldn't say a single one without sounding like a heartless bitch. I hated his profession. I hated that other women had ever touched him. My jealousy knew no bounds when it came to his clients. I wanted him to give it all up just for me. I wanted him to text back whoever she was and tell her to go to hell. But I couldn't say any of those things, because he was broken, too.

"Aren't we all," Cal said, indirectly agreeing with me. "Some of us more than others. But I'm not asking you to marry me. I'm just asking you to be with me. Forget about everything else while we're here, and just be with me."

The question wasn't, could I? I could physically, sexually, even emotionally up to a certain extent. I could for the way he looked at me and made me feel. I could for the beauty of his face when caught up in an orgasm, for the way he groaned out my name. I could for his unflinching honesty. The question was, why would I want to?

I wondered if he had any memory of his dream last night, if he knew that I was the one who had silenced his fears. Did he remember pulling me tighter into his arms and going contentedly back to sleep? My heart ached for him because I thought he had been dreaming of the past, that his plea to "stop" had been his childhood self begging his father to stop hurting him. What if his dream had been one of the present? What if he had been begging me to stop pushing him away?

Last night, I laid him down. I made love to him. I sealed the deal. Now, Cal was handing me the contract.

"Please," he added. It was all he needed to say.

I signed it, put the pen to the dotted line by bringing my mouth to Cal's, and he answered. His hands went from my face, to my back, to my waist, to the back of my thighs, and before I knew it, he was lifting me and wrapping my legs around him.

An ache stabbed through me that had nothing to do with the familiar hardness of Cal's body. I was giving myself over to him fully. Not my body, for he already had that, but my broken heart. The terror of it climbed up into my throat and I cried into Cal's mouth. This was wrong. Letting myself "just be with him" could be the worst mistake of my life!

Cal broke from our connection and looked up at me with such compassion, and with his own healthy dose of fear, that I crumbled. Worst mistake of my life or not, I could find nothing wrong in him. I was going to make this man the rightest mistake I had ever made.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : Part Four image by Bryan Minear on Unsplash.

Author's Note Author's Note : Part Four image by Bryan Minear on Unsplash. Part Four title taken from a song by Corrine Bailey Rae called "Trouble Sleeping" - from her 2006 self-titled debut album.

Part Four title taken from a song by Corrine Bailey Rae called "Trouble Sleeping" - from her 2006 self-titled debut album.





Chapter 30





My day started off like Ingrid Michaelson's "Morning Lullabies," turned into John Mayer's "Come Back to Bed," and became Sade's sultry "No Ordinary Love." If you listen to each one, you get the gist of how my morning went. Cal took me back to bed and we made an ordinary sort of love. Or, a not-so-ordinary sort of love, I guess.

Full sunlight was streaming through the balcony doors when the clothes came back off. No dark of night to hide either one of us this time. Cal took of me what I wouldn't let him have last night. His tender ministrations were slow and methodical, carefully orchestrated to make me not only see, but feel what he meant when he said he wanted us to "just be."

feel I'm still having trouble wrapping my mind around what that meant, but for the moment, I was content to just go with it. I could put aside Cal the gigolo and the reputation he worried an innocent photograph might damage. Why? Because Cal the lover was a completely different person. Cal the gigolo might have hidden from me in the bright light of a July sun. Cal the lover let me see every raw emotion. He linked hands with me; he let me revel in the quivering of his bottom lip, hear the hitch in his breath every time his climax threatened to overtake him, and watch the exquisite pain transform his face when it finally did.

We talked for a little while after, apologizing to each other for being assholes, promising to forget about the negatives and concentrate on the positives. We were going to "just be." No strings attached. No requirements. No contract. No bill. Just us. I didn't fear to be with him in that way. What I feared were the consequences. What would happen when the vacation was over and we went back to our lives?

Well, dear reader, I'll tell you, I decided not to contemplate it. Maybe that's a little shortsighted, but it's like I said, I can find no wrong in Cal. He had a heart just like mine that craved for something it hadn't had in a long time, maybe ever. I don't know. From what I can tell, he had never ventured to hold his heart out to anyone before. This was a first for him, and I should feel privileged he chose me.

Though, for the life of me, I can't figure out why.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Once Sade's "No Ordinary Love" faded to black, the track of my day changed to Elton John's "Sorry Seems to be the Hardest Word."

I started by phoning Mom. She's the easiest to apologize to because she's a wipe-the-slate-clean-and-move-on kind of woman. Dad and Baylor take more work. And the world claims women are more emotional. Sheesh! They haven't met the men in my family. They're a couple of twats. But, I still love them, and I'm speaking as one who has had to make more than her share of apologies to them. Again, it's the Morton in me. (Yes, I know it's just an excuse, but it's the only one I've got. Shoot me.)

So, as I stood on the balcony, waving to Cal as he went for a run with his iPod in one pocket, earbuds in his ears, and his cell phone in the other pocket (no, I wasn't astronomically lucky to find he had left his phone behind by accident for me to sneak through; wouldn't have been good for me anyway), and wondering why Cal thought he needed more exercise this morning, as well as ignoring (for now) a text message from Jansen who wanted to know how things were going with "His Hotness" (yes, I told him Cal was coming back home with me; he was the only one I told; I wouldn't have told Rosalyn if she got down on both knees and begged), I dialed Mom's number.



I didn't start with an apology. Never start with an apology. Always work, or weasel, your way into one.

"'Morning! Cal and I are coming over tonight, and no arguments, he's cooking dinner."

That did the trick. Mom forgot all about my attitude from last night. Not that I let her forget. I apologized like a good daughter should, and she forgave like a good mother would. We then moved onto more important levels of conversation, like how was the party, and did everyone like Cal, and did he have a good time, and "I didn't know he could cook. Is he a good cook?" I told her about breakfast, and Eggs Benedict, and how Cal's working his way through culinary school. I did not, however, go into the argument between Dad and me. She didn't need to know. It would just upset her to learn that her getting upset got me upset and caused me to take it out on Dad. It would ruin her day, so I kept it out of the equation.

I hung up with Mom after helping her to mentally plan our evening tonight and begging her not to overwork herself. She's a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to having guests over. Everything has to be perfect. Though she still had plenty to work out for the showing in a couple of nights, I had a feeling she would work herself to near exhaustion. Might be a good idea to get Cal and me over there early to help out.

Onto the next level of "sorry seems to be the hardest word."

I rode Mitzi to the house in search of Dad and Baylor, after texting Jansen back with: Better than I thought it would. Visiting Mom tonight. Fingers crossed. Pray for me! Jansen responded with a set of praying hands and a bunch of red hearts. He's so gay. How did I not see it before? Ah yes, Cal had my head in a ferklempt jumble the night of my "first date" with Jansen, and I was fooling myself if I thought I wasn't still ferklempt.

Better than I thought it would. Visiting Mom tonight. Fingers crossed. Pray for me! Going into the main house through the back door, which was now free of crowds and cleansed of last night's party, I got another text message, this one from Logan.

We haven't had our talk yet, sister friend.

We haven't had our talk yet, sister friend. I shot back, Later, skankinator. I'm a busy woman.

Later, skankinator. I'm a busy woman. You can fuck him later!

You can fuck him later! Been there. Done that. Cleaned the sheets. :) I've got other items on my agenda right now. I'll call you later.

Been there. Done that. Cleaned the sheets. :) I've got other items on my agenda right now. I'll call you later. You better.

You better. I will! Gotta go...

I will! Gotta go... God, let me put her off for as long as I can.

I went into the living room. No one home. Called out a few hellos, followed a suspicious sound of manly giggles down the hallway until I ended up in the downstairs game room. (Man cave is probably a more accurate description, as the room followed Dad's rustic, old-world design motif, and came with a manly pool table as well as a green-felted poker table where Dad and his buddies could sit around playing their manly games, smoking their manly cigars and, as Rose DeWitt Bukater once said on Titanic , "congratulate each other on being masters of the universe.") Sure enough, this is where I found Baylor. He and his buddies were sitting comfy on a plush couch in front of a large screen television, playing the PlayStation. Don't know the game. Not into them. Another of his favorite shoot'em ups or slice'em ups, I'm sure.

Titanic "Morning!" I called, approaching my apology to Baylor the same as I approached it with Mom.

A chorus of good-mornings or waved hands greeted me in return.

"Good morning, Miss Olivia," said the oldest of the group, the nineteen-year-old singer. Liam, I think, is his name.

"Ugh with the 'miss,'" I said.

"Good morning, Olivia ."

Olivia "That's better. Bay, can I talk to you?"

He hadn't bothered to turn and look at me yet. Couldn't tell if he had thrown in a good morning with the rest of them, but his buddies weren't going to let him live down his nickname.



"Yeah, Bay."

"Oh, Bay!"

"I love you, Bay!"

"It's Bay- lor! " he said over their wisecracks. "Hold up a sec. Lemme kill this guy."

lor! Guy dead, Baylor jumped over the back of the couch in a way I knew Dad would kill him for if he had seen him, and smacked his friends on the back of his head before crossing to the opposite side of the room to meet me.

"What's up?"

I could tell by the look on his face he didn't really want to talk to me. I wasn't going to be able to weasel my way into an apology with him, so I put on a contritely face. It wasn't fake. I knew I had been the bitch Cal claimed I worked too hard to be.

Deep breath. "I'm sorry about last night."

"Yeah." He wasn't taking it.

"You're not going to accept my apology?"

"I would if I thought you meant it."

"I do mean it."

do "Yeah, but you do this kind of stuff all the time. You've been gone for over seven months and the first thing you do when you get home is start trouble. Dad's got feelings too, you know."

"That's mean, Bay. You act like I planned it. I can't help it if it pisses me off when he treats Mom like that."

"It pisses me off, too, but I don't go off on him for it."

I sighed, crossed my arms. "You've always been better with this stuff than me."

"That's because you're never here."

"Hey..."

"Hey..." "It's true. You don't see what I see. Yeah, Dad's a jerk to Mom sometimes, but Mom is also exactly what Dad said she is—selfish. She's so wrapped up in being a victim, she can't see what's more important. Us. "

Us. "I can't believe you would say that. Dad caused this. Not her."

"No, they both did it. Why can't you see it?"

Because I couldn't. In my opinion, she had every right to be angry, to never want to see Dad's face again, if that's what she chose. He cheated on her. How could I fault her? But I didn't want to get into another argument. So, I shrugged the thought away.

"Can we just move past this? Cal and I talked last night, and he convinced me of the error of my ways. I'm going to apologize to Dad, and I promise not to...start more trouble."

Oh, you don't know how hard that was to say. Baylor accepted it this time. At least, I think he did. He was hiding a smile.

"What?" I asked.

"Nothing. I just thought it was cool the way Cal put you in your place."

"Oh, shut up!" I said it loud enough to catch the other guys' attention, but not to stop Baylor from laughing.

"Seriously, though," he said, clearing his throat and forcing the grin off his face. "You did good finding him. I like him."

"You do?" I said this exactly the way you're reading it, like a girl with a crush.

"Yeah, Cal's cool."

Feather in my cap. I found a guy my brother could call cool. I should feel proud of myself. Right? So, why is there a shadow over my conscience? Why is there an uncomfortable knot in my gut? Oh yeah, Cal isn't really my boyfriend. He's my friend, and in the space of a day, we've become lovers. In a normal relationship, that might be okay. Lovers can, with time, fall in love and be happy with each other. But Cal's lifestyle... Let's just say I have a feeling he won't always be around for my brother to think of him as cool. If we were going to "just be," I had to settle that outcome in my heart, or else I would never be able to keep up this façade.

Now that I've made my second apology of the day, I had to go off in search of Dad, but Baylor wouldn't let me out of his sights without offering one more bit of advice.

"Careful, Liv." He looked over my shoulder up the stairs. "It's back."

"What's back?"

"Not what. Who. "

Who. I knew exactly who he was talking about. He didn't have to say her name. My lip curled up in a snarl. "Yuck."

"You can say that again. She already kicked me and the guys down here as soon as she walked in the door."

You'll notice Baylor hasn't once used the word "home" in connection with this person. If you're wondering who, we're talking about my dad's girlfriend, Linda Crawford. To hear Baylor tell it, she has more in common with a Joan of the same surname than only the name. Watch the movie Mommy Dearest and you'll understand what he means. He claims Linda doesn't like him, treats him like "a baldheaded stepchild" (his words), and that she's jealous of any attention he gets from Dad. I can't imagine she's wire-hanger bad, though. I think it's simpler than that. This woman has stepped into our mother's shoes. We want our parents back together and she's in the way. My reason for disliking her stems solely from this, and I hardly know her. But still...

Mommy Dearest "This isn't her house. Tell her to go eff herself."

eff "No way. She probably would."

I sputtered a laugh. Baylor joined in. All was right between us again, so I invited him over to Mom's tonight, told him Cal was cooking, but he begged off for band practice. As if they hadn't practiced enough at the party. Though, he did make me promise to bring Cal back early. Supposedly, he wanted Baylor to teach him the bass guitar.

My situation with Cal might have hung a dark cloud over my thoughts. He might have a lifestyle that works contrary to my way of thinking, and would never allow what's brewing between us to last for more than a week, but the thought of him going out of his way to befriend my little brother made me want to hug him. Cal's goodness would always be his saving grace.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : Livy's round of apologies continue in the next chapter. For now, here's some music.

Author's Note Author's Note : Livy's round of apologies continue in the next chapter. For now, here's some music. "Morning Lullabies" by Ingrid Michaelson from the 2005 album Slow the Rain.

"Morning Lullabies" by Ingrid Michaelson from the 2005 album Slow the Rain. Ingrid Michaelson Slow the Rain.

"Come Back to Bed" by John Mayer from the 2003 album Heavier Things.

"Come Back to Bed" by John Mayer from the 2003 album Heavier Things. John Mayer Heavier Things.

"No Ordinary Love" by Sade from the 1992 album Love Deluxe.

"No Ordinary Love" by Sade from the 1992 album Love Deluxe. Sade Love Deluxe.

"Sorry Seems to be the Hardest Word" by Elton John from the 1976 album Blue Moves.

"Sorry Seems to be the Hardest Word" by Elton John from the 1976 album Blue Moves. Elton John Blue Moves.





Chapter 31





On to the third level of "sorry seems to be the hardest word."

I made it out of the house without running into Linda (I wasn't ready to meet her yet anyway) and rode Mitzi down to the horse barn at the back of the property. Dad kept his offices and conducted the majority of his breeding business there—from housing mares in heat for live cover breeding to artificial insemination. He housed an on-site horse veterinarian on the property, as well as a lab for the collection and testing of a stallion's semen, to ascertaining their viability as a prospective breeder. Clearly, the horse breeding business has its sticky points. In more ways than one! I'm glad I stuck to the field of meteorology.

The building itself was a huge, single story, but longer than the house, with pointed shingle roofs and a damn clock tower. Dad's idea again. Inside, you'd swear the four-hoofed darlings were royalty. Dad had not considered cost when he had this building constructed. Their stalls were all made from stained wood and wrought iron, and lit by old world lighting hanging from the crossbeams. Judging by the contented snorts I could hear coming from within, and in the equally constructed pens outside, the darlings approved.

I set Mitzi loose in a connecting pen away from randy males, and went in, petting at least a dozen noses and scratching behind as many ears as would lean down to let me reach. One, in particular, didn't want to let me leave. Dad's favorite blue roan, Cobalt. He tried to nip at me as I walked away, and caught the sleeve of my t-shirt. He's bitten before, despite his training, but the boy was a wild one. I mean, he did crush a brand new iPhone once.

"Cobalt," I fussed. "You know better than that."

He lowered his snout and snorted. Yes, he knew better.

"Uh-oh," said a voice from behind. "He tried to take a nip at you?"

It was old Joe coming out of the luxurious, dark wood tack room. "He's getting better," I said. "He just caught my sleeve."

I gave Joe a hug. We talked a bit about how things were going, what new breeding business dad had acquired and the new horses he'd bought. Cobalt wasn't the only new stud around here. Our talk invariably led to Cal.

"I like your new man, Livy."

This was Cal's second approval of the day. No, take that back. His third. Mitzi had approved first. I had to hold back a laugh, though. "You say new like I've had a string of'em."

"Naw, he's just new to me. Smart man, and not just because he picked you. He's got good business sense. We talked awhile at the party."

I smiled, but I didn't say anything in answer. I know well of Cal's business sense. A self-employed man wouldn't be as successful as Cal had become over the years if he didn't know how to run his own business. Based on his expensive taste in watches and luggage, Cal was awfully successful.

Bless Joe for his inability to see past my fake smile. "Saw him earlier out by the red barn."

"Yeah, he went for a run. The California type. Always trying to be healthy and stuff."

He laughed. "I hear that. He was talking with somebody, though, when I saw him."

"Oh yeah. Who?"

"I don't know. Whoever it was, they were in one of the Gators. Couldn't see'em too clearly."

Dad had several John Deere Gators on the property. Made it easier for some of the workers to get about. Not everyone liked or was trained to ride a horse. The Gators were like golf carts, only with a gas tank and an engine, and most of them had a shade roof on the top and back of the vehicle. Depending what angle you viewed it from, you might not see who drove it.



"I thought it was you at first," Joe continued, "but when I saw he wasn't smiling, I figured it must have been somebody else. He smiled an awful lot at you last night."

It was nice to hear that the sight of me made Cal smile. Though I laughed it off and joked about it with Joe, inside, my mind was whirring like a timepiece. Who could Cal have been talking to? And why hadn't he been smiling? Was it one of Dad's workers who hadn't had a chance to meet him yet? Maybe someone was questioning why Cal was on the property. Plausible, but nothing for me to concern myself over. Cal had a way of charming people into giving him whatever he wanted. It had certainly worked on me.

On to the reason I came here, I inquired with Joe about Dad and he pointed out the office, which was where I assumed I would find him. Right off the tack room and designed with its own kitchen and living space, Dad's office looked more like an apartment than a place one conducted business. In fact, he slept out here for a time after he and mom split up, giving her time to get settled into her new house. That was a fact I wish I didn't know, nor did I like to think about it, so I went in and got the business of apology out of the way.

Dad was on the phone at his desk. "Tell him if it's a problem, I'll pay extra. I just want the damn thing over there before the end of the day." He looked up, saw me, hurriedly made his goodbyes, and hung up the phone. "Hey, hun."

"Hey, Dad." I didn't know what else to say, so... "Who was that on the phone?"

He looked away. Shuffled some papers. "Oh, that was the guy over at the quarry. Trying to get your mom a block of that gypsum."

"Oh." So, he wasn't heartless after all. My stomach hurt. I'm such a bitch. "I'm sorry, Dad."

"Hey, don't sweat it. It was bound to happen again one day."

I wasn't expecting that. I had thought to get the Baylor reaction. "No, I was wrong. I was a jerk. I was worse than a jerk. I shouldn't have said those things, especially after you worked so hard to welcome me home, and Cal too. I'm sorry."

Cal said I should talk to him, get it all out in the open, but I couldn't bring myself to air the ugliness that had splintered our family. When you're a teen and you happen to accidentally, late at night, overhear your mom and dad having sex the next room over, nothing else remotely similar could ever creep you out or scar you as badly. Then, you're an adult, and you find out that your dad has been having sex with someone other than your mother. That scar leaves a stain on your whole life. Talking about it leaves a bad taste in your mouth. So, no, I didn't want to talk about it. Not now. Probably not ever.

"I didn't do it on purpose to keep your mom from coming, Livy."

"I know."

"I wanted her to come. I even tried to call her, but she wouldn't take my calls."

I cringed. "Why didn't Bay tell me that?"

"Maybe because you didn't give him a chance."

I rolled my eyes. "Thanks for making me feel better."

"Hey, I call'em as I—"

"—I see'em. I know."

Dad came from around his desk and held open his arms. "Come here." And I went to him. How could I not? He's my dad. One day, in what I hope will be a very, very distant future, he'll be gone. Letting a chance to forgive the man I loved most in this world pass me by, now that would be the worst mistake of my life. I hugged him back and shed a few tears on his shoulder in the process.

that "I love you, Dad."

"I love you, too, hun." He gave me a squeeze and pulled me back by the shoulders. "Now, it's over and done. We won't talk about this anymore."



"Okay." Seemed Dad was no more interested in talking about the past than I was.

"Except to say one thing..." he said with a raised finger.

"What?" I asked apprehensively.

"I think you finally found the right man."

"How's that?"

Dad smartly went back around the desk when he said the next. "You've been needing a man who isn't afraid to tell you when you've said too much."

"That is so sexist, Dad."

He laughed. "Yeah, but it's the truth. I like Dean a lot, but that Cal sure knows how to put his foot down. Must be the Irish in him."

I thought back to the way I had acted with Cal after breakfast and realized Dad was probably right. Hell, there was no probably about it. Cal put his foot down, all right, after I'd put my foot in my mouth. Maybe I do need someone to tell me when to shut up.

"Does that mean you approve?"

"Hell yes, I approve. I like Cal. He's a man's man. Got a good head on his shoulders."

Fourth approval. Give me a fifth one and I'll hang Cal and I's contract on the wall in a pretty frame.

I agreed with a smile. Not a big one. I was still feeling rather poorly about myself even after everything Cal did to rectify it. I kept reminding myself of his panted declarations; no, not of love (how foolish it would be of him to start spouting I-love-yous this early on in the game when both of us were still so terrified of where this was leading; we were like a couple of kids running a science experiment that could have explosive results). Over and over, Cal declared my beauty. I looked beautiful. I tasted beautiful. I smelled beautiful. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. If I hadn't been so caught up in the absolutely amazing way in which he had been making me feel, I might have told him (wait, no, I would have asked him) to shut up. How could I be beautiful when the woman inside was nothing but a toad?

I did my best to bottle it all up, though, for Dad's sake. He didn't need me to let him in on my self-disparaging attitude. "Yeah," I told him. "I kinda like him, too."

"Well, I would hope so."

Of course, feeling bad about myself never dampened my curiosity. Cal's words to me last night still rang in my ears. "Cal said you and him talked last night."

"Yeah, we talked for a while." Dad sat back at his desk and started sorting through papers again. I knew that move. It said I was venturing into unwelcome territory and I needed to move along.

"I hope you didn't ask him about his father."

"What about his father?" he asked, looking up from his papers.

I distracted myself from his curious eyes by messing with a gypsum paperweight Mom made years ago. "Nothing," I said too stringently, and quickly amended with, "Just making sure you weren't prying into his personal life like you always did with Dean."

"Nothing," Dad went back to his papers with a smirk. "Well I would have, but then you happened." I would have smirked back, but then Dad frowned at one paper in particular. "Ah damn. I almost forgot we have a semen collection to do this afternoon on that old Quarter horse stallion. Gonna have to round up the boys, break out the hard hats. You have no idea the hell he gives us just to jizz in a cup..." Dad grinned at his joke. "...basically. It's a bit more involved than that."

you "I don't want to know the details."

Guess what Cal said was true. He and Dad's conversation had gotten pretty deep. Deep enough that neither of them wanted to talk to me about it.



I asked anyway. "So, um, what did you and Cal talk about?"

"Oh, you know, this and that, nothing important."

Yeah, right, I could have responded, but Dad beat me to the punch.

Yeah, right, "But hey, did he tell you he's an Eagles fan?" Dad, the king of deflection.

Eagles So, Cal finally played the Eagles card, and not in my presence? Made me even more curious to know what they talked about, but I didn't ask. Wouldn't have done any good. Dad had closed the doors on that line of conversation.

Eagles "You should have told me," he fussed. "That information alone would have sold me on him, and I wouldn't have had to interrogate him."

"Or threaten to cut his balls off."

Dad laughed. "I was just testing him; seeing how well he can take a joke. Cal's a good sport."

"You're lucky. I've grown quite fond of Cal's balls and I would be very irate if anything ever happened to them."

Dad rolled his eyes heavenward. "More than I needed to know, hun."

His embarrassment made me giggle. There's nothing I like better than creeping Dad out. "I would have told you about Cal's love of the Eagles , but I wanted you to like him based on who he is a person, instead of his music choices." That was mostly true. No need to tell him I had only just found out myself.

Eagles But Dad prattled on about it anyway, telling me everything about their Eagles' conversation without disclosing any other details. Dad was telling me all about the songs they both liked and how much Cal got into his tales of the concerts Dad went to in the late seventies, when the office door opened.

Eagles' I didn't miss the look on Dad's face. Bright-eyed and grinning. For half a second, I thought Mom had walked into the room. That's how he used to look at her. But I should have known better. Mom promised to only come back as a ghost. The woman who walked through the door wasn't my mother.

At least twenty years her junior, this woman resembled Mom in only one way. Height. I'm guessing Dad has a thing for women with long legs, and if my Dad-radar was still working like it should, it was the only thing that had drawn him to her, because there was something missing in his grinning visage, as opposed to the way he used to look at Mom. Warmth. That's it. His gaze upon the blonde bombshell that had walked through the door lacked warmth.

"Hey there, dollface," he said. "I didn't know you were back."

Dollface. You heard right, folks. One of Dad's many winning pet names he'd come up with all on his own over the years. That particular one Mom forbade him from ever using when speaking to her. Though, I didn't know whether to find it fitting or not that he used it on this woman.

Dollface, or I should say, Linda wore a white, billowy shirt over white slacks and pretty white pumps (not exactly fashionable for a working horse farm), and wore her blonde hair in a carefree ponytail. She was beautiful, for a woman in her forties. She had rosy cheeks and firm skin, long shapely legs and a bust well-rounded enough to go with them. Her age evidenced itself in the lines around her eyes.

was Linda and I hadn't officially met. Once, I FaceTimed with Dad and she joined in, but I wouldn't exactly call it an introduction, nor had I been incredibly impressed. I had hoped that when I first met her, I wouldn't see any proof of the unflattering comments made by the other side of my family, but Linda made no modest attempt at hiding the gold hoops hanging from her ears. Nor did the rolled sleeves hide the diamond-studded rings on her fingers. One look, and the lyrics to a Kanye West song involuntarily popped into my head: "Now I ain't saying she a gold digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke..." No, not saying that at all. Still, I decided to remain unimpressed.

"Now I ain't saying she a gold digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke..."

Linda wasn't the one who had come between Mom and Dad, but she certainly was the one who made sure they stayed apart. Any chance Baylor and I had of getting Mom and Dad back together fell to pieces when Linda walked into his life.

"I just got back a few hours ago," she said with a beaming smile that revealed her ultra-white teeth. "I've been looking all over for you, honey, and here I find you hard at work, as always."

And then she looked at me. Her hands came together prayer-like. Her rings and the bangles on her wrists clapped together in a rather annoying look-at-me sound.

"Oh my God," she practically squealed. "You must be Olivia."

Logan's nickname for Linda was CSR, short for customer service representative. She had others, but CSR was her favorite. The reason behind the nickname came from the quality of Linda's voice. You've heard the type. The fake high-pitch. The syrupy sweetness. The overuse of cutesy monikers like sweetie and baby. Linda was the epitome of the kiss-ass saleswoman who praises you to the moon and back as long as you're willing to spend your money but slams you to her co-workers as soon as you turn your back.

With a smile I didn't have to fake, because I wanted to laugh, I said, "That's me." Logan's nicknames were always right on the money.

"Oh my God, sweetheart. I've been waiting to meet you for so long!"

Linda held out slender arms and French manicured nails for a hug that I was neither inclined nor excited to participate in. But it was better than hurting Dad's feelings again. So, I gave in and let her hug me. It was like being chloroformed by Chanel No. 5. I almost gagged. Would have intentionally stuck my finger down my throat had I not been in Dad's line of sight. He had already given me a look that said behave yourself . Better I kept up the act and gave her a pat on the back.

behave yourself "You, too," I said, mentally thinking I should have thrown in the f-word at the beginning. Cal's bad influence on me.

She pulled away from me, holding my face at arms' length. She was worse than the most evil of aunts. The woman squeezed my face like a roll of Charmin, dear reader. I swore, if she pinched my cheek she'd get a sneaker to the shin.

"Oh, she's just as beautiful as you said, Bry."

Bry? Someone shoot me now.

Bry? "That's those Morton genes at work."

Better yet, shoot my dad.

"What a cute face! How old are you, Sweetie?"

"Twenty-eight," I said. I felt fourteen again.

"Aw," she said, finally taking her hands away from my face to press them to her heart. The bangles clanged again. "To be twenty-eight again. Young girls nowadays don't know how lucky they have it. The boys must be tripping all over themselves just to get a glimpse of you."

"Actually, I have a boyfriend." You don't know how good it felt to say that.

"He came all the way over from California with Livy to meet the family." Dad said that like a proud father. He really did like Cal. He hadn't said it just to make me feel better. It was the only time I didn't want to scream during the whole conversation.

"Have you met him yet?" Dad asked Linda, and she turned a pair of wide eyes at me as if she would have never believed in a hundred years that someone like little ol' me could have a boyfriend.

"No, I have not met him. Where is he? You have to tell me all about him, Sweetie. What's his name?"

When the two of us could get in a word edgewise, Dad went on to tell her all he knew about Cal (not leaving out the most important part, that of the Eagles) , while I added a tidbit here or there. I was too flabbergasted to say much beyond the basics. This could not be the same woman Baylor claimed kicked him and his friends out of the living room of a house she had no claim to. Or the same woman Logan accused of being overly flirtatious with Troy. Or the same woman my mom said flaunted her relationship with my dad like a hooker advertises her pimp. Couldn't be. This woman was way too nice. She was sweet, sickeningly so, like a box of doughnuts without a glass of milk...and it made everything she said suspect. Nobody was that nice.

Eagles)

Linda put an arm around my shoulder and drew me close. Ugh. Just as I had been inching out of her grasp, too. I held my poker-smiley face.

"Olivia, now that I'm here, we must have a girls' day out. You, Logan, and I. We'll have to give her a call. We could head into Des Moines this afternoon!"

Dad held up a thumb while answering his ringing phone. Great idea, it said. I wasn't so keen on the idea. Good thing I had an excuse.

Great idea, "Oh, darn. Cal and I have a dinner date with Mom, so..."

"That is so sweet!" No sooner had those four words come out of her mouth, than the next five followed like the first four never existed. "Then, let's plan for tomorrow. I'll make all the arrangements. We can go shopping and hit the spa, and maybe even catch a bite to eat. I know this wonderful little Lebanese place that serves tremendously healthy lunches. You'll love it! What do you say?"

What the hell else could I say, but... "Sounds great."

It was hard not to look as though I'd just stepped in a pile of horseshit because it was also hard not to notice that as she rattled off all the wonderful things we could do on our girl's day out, she had been slowly leading me toward the door.

"I bet Logan will be as excited as I am," I added, which meant not. But she'll come. If I had to pull her by the nipples, I would make her come with me. I was not going to be alone with that woman.

not. Wriggling out of her arm in as ladylike a manner as I was capable of, I gave Dad another hug and kiss, and whispered in his ear how much I loved him (because he knows me better than anyone, and knows I'm about as excited to hang out with his sugary sweet girlfriend as I might be to jump in front of galloping horse), I took my leave. That's the Jane Austen way of saying I got the hell out of there!

For as overly sweet as she was, Linda made it quite clear it was time for me to go. "If you don't mind, Sweetie, I'd like to talk with your Dad about something." She had given me a quick hug that had more of the salty tang I had originally expected out of her. "It was good to finally see you in the flesh, though."

Had she intuited my lack of interest in her as a human being, or had she and Dad something serious to talk about? I was curious, as always, but I didn't hang around to find out. If they ended up in an argument, I didn't want to hear. I'd probably run to his rescue and make a fool out of myself. I was done with doing that for one day. After all, tomorrow is another day! I can make a fool of myself then.

I walked through the barn, past stall after stall, saying goodbye with a scratch behind the ear to all of Dad's darlings, while I retrieved my phone from my pocket and shot a text to Logan.

Oh, Sweetie, guess what?

Oh, Sweetie, guess what? Logan lived by her phone. I swear the woman secured it to her forehead.

What?

What? I've just met the sweetest woman in all the whole world. She's so sweet I could die of diabetes.

I've just met the sweetest woman in all the whole world. She's so sweet I could die of diabetes. I didn't have to mention a name. The string of about thirteen LOL emojis I received said she knew.

I shot back, And guess what else, Sweetie? We get to spend an entire afternoon with the Sweetness Queen. We're going shopping, and we're going to the spa, and we're going to eat at this little Lebanese restaurant that's just to die for! It'll be so fun!

And guess what else, Sweetie? We get to spend an entire afternoon with the Sweetness Queen. We're going shopping, and we're going to the spa, and we're going to eat at this little Lebanese restaurant that's just to die for! It'll be so fun! Mad face emoji. Holy shit, Ollie! What did you get me into?

Holy shit, Ollie! What did you get me into? Not my idea, Honeybuns.

Not my idea, Honeybuns. Three more mad face emojis, followed by a couple of exclamation points.

Hey, I'm not going alone, I typed back . You're coming for moral support.

Hey, I'm not going alone, . You're coming for moral support. Okay! Okay! I'll do it. Doesn't mean I have to like it.

Okay! Okay! I'll do it. Doesn't mean I have to like it. So, we made our plans. I told Logan to pretend orgasmic excitement when Linda calls, and she promised to make tomorrow a day Linda would never forget. I had no idea what she meant by that, but I couldn't wait to find out. It might be interesting getting to know this woman who had seemingly stolen my dad's heart. I worried, with all that brand new bling and the accompanied sicky sweetness, if his heart was all she was after.

But I ain't saying she a gold digger...

I stepped out into the bright light of a July day, which had already begun to grow uncomfortably warm, and thought about calling Cal. I wanted to let him know I'd made my apologies and that I'd be on the hunt for him soon. If he wanted to cook, he needed to decide what so that we could make a trip to the store.

I never called him though, for two reasons. One (and this reason hit me seconds before the other one), I still didn't know Cal's phone number. Instinct drew me to my phone without thinking. Wanting to pick up the phone and call him had come to me as naturally as saying his name. That in and of itself was a little scary, but it was the realization of, oh yeah, I don't know his gigolo number, that made my chest hurt.

oh yeah, I don't know his gigolo number, The other reason came when I lifted my eyes away from the phone screen. Mitzi stood inside the pin, munching on hay and waiting for me to come collect her. She neighed at me as if to say, What took you so long? But I hardly heard her. My eyes had spied a John Deere Gator, the same kind old Joe had seen earlier when he claimed to have spotted Cal out on his run.

What took you so long? He was talking with somebody...I thought it was you at first, but when I saw he wasn't smiling, I figured it must have been somebody else.

He was talking with somebody...I thought it was you at first, but when I saw he wasn't smiling, I figured it must have been somebody else. Someone had parked it cattycornered near the edge of the pen, as though they were just popping in for a quick visit. Sure, there was more than one Gator on the property. Anybody could have driven it here. Maybe one of the guys Dad needed to round up to spark a stud into giving up his sauce. But no. Guys, especially rugged cowboys, don't usually keep pink stainless steel water bottles sitting in their cup holders; pink stainless steel water bottles with fake diamond rhinestones that spelled out the initials L C.

My morning ended with another song. It's one I don't know quite as well as the others. I barely know the lyrics. If it weren't for Dad and his love of the Eagles , I wouldn't know a single line, except for one tiny part of the chorus that went something like this...

Eagles Woo hoo, witchy woman...





Woo hoo, witchy woman...





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note :

Author's Note Author's Note : "Witchy Woman" by the Eagles from the 1972 self-titled album.

"Witchy Woman" by the Eagles from the 1972 self-titled album. "Gold Digger" - Kanye West, feat. Jamie Foxx, 2005 album Late Registration

"Gold Digger" - Kanye West, feat. Jamie Foxx, 2005 album Late Registration Late Registration





Chapter 32





Storms. I love them. Dark, menacing clouds. Lightening striking down like the finger of God. Hail. Wind. It gets my adrenaline pumping. The electricity in the air enlivens every nerve, heightens every sense. But, there is one storm I can't stand. The Brainstorm, simply because it overrides everything I do, and it usually involves something worrying.

I was currently in the middle of one.

All I could think about as I rode Mitzi back to the apartment was Linda. I kept playing over and over again what she said when Dad asked her if she had met Cal yet. No, I have not met him. Why would she lie? In my mind's eye, I saw the Gator driving up alongside Cal on his run, Cal stopping, maybe thinking it was me, but seeing a strange woman's face. Old Joe said he hadn't been smiling. What could she have said to him?

No, I have not not met him. Then again, I could be making this all up in my head. I could be putting two and three together and calling it four when it was really five. I had already scanned the property to see if other Gators were in service, and sure enough, I saw one way off in the distance, on the opposite side of the property. (One of the gardeners, probably, trimming back Dad's small orchard of plum trees.) The probability was high that it could have been anybody. That's what I kept telling myself. Linda had probably been telling the truth. She hadn't yet met him, and the whole scenario had played as I had originally imagined. One of Dad's workers saw a stranger on the property and stopped to ask him who he was. Simple as that.

So what if Joe happened to tell me he saw someone in a Gator talking to Cal while he was out on his run moments before Linda arrives at the stables in one of the Gators. Eerily coincidental, yes, but not damning. Didn't mean she was up to anything. These are my own insecurities talking. Linda is probably a perfectly, if overly sweet woman who has no more evil intentions than befriending her new boyfriend's eldest daughter.

But I kept wondering. Had I bothered to ask Joe, would he have recalled the glitter of jewelry behind the wheel of the Gator, or the flash of a white, billowy sleeve?

Forget it. Brainstorm over. It wasn't a who-done-it, and I've never been much into mysteries. I'm terrible at CLUE, too (though, I did love the movie). Back to the real reason for my story...

Cal.

It was nearly noon when I went back to the apartment. I had cleared my head of evil suspicion (because when had it ever done anybody any good?). Up the stairs and into the kitchen I went, which still slightly smelled of our breakfast, through the living room, and toward the bedroom. There another smell wafted toward me. The smell of a fresh shower, a hint of manly deodorant, and the delicious scent of Cal's cologne. Damn, it had smelled good in there!

I walked in with a broad grin, silently wishing Cal would step out of the bathroom stark naked. (The sight of Cal naked in the morning sunlight was not an image one could readily erase from the mind. Nor would I want to.) I was about to say as much when another sight ripped the words right out of my mouth and dropped my grin like a stone.

An open leather bag sat on the end of the bed with a slip of clothing hanging haphazardly out of it. The top drawer of the dresser sitting slightly ajar, and inside the closet, the sound of rummaging. The last time the room spun like this, Cal was proclaiming my beauty while I straddled his half-naked body. I hadn't felt so beautiful then, and I certainly didn't feel beautiful now. I think, if given enough incentive, I might have needed to sit down and take deep breaths to regain my focus, but then Cal stepped from the closet, jacket on a hanger hanging from his finger. He jumped when he saw me.

"Shit, Livy," he said, hand to his heart. "I didn't hear you come in. You put the heart crossways in me."

On any other occasion, I might have laughed. I had never heard "you scared me" put quite that way before. But the room was still spinning, and I wasn't feeling anything but an overbearing heaviness. "What are you doing?"



He looked at me as he draped the jacket on the footboard, and narrowed his eyes. "Not leaving, if that's what you're thinking."

It was like coming back up for air after being dunked underwater. I could breathe again. But I also didn't want to admit, not to Cal, not to myself, how much the thought of him leaving scared me (or put the heart in me crossways, whatever damn thing he said).

"No," I said, heavy sigh, shake of the head, silly frown, all the expressions of denial one could throw into a gesture to not make oneself look like a big fat liar and still manage it anyway. "Of course not. Why would I think that? You're only packing your bags."

not "I'm packing a bag." Cal came to me, took my hand and led me into the room. It wasn't until then that I finally saw him. He wore a light blue shirt, tucked into a pair of dark blue slim-fitting trousers, all of which brought out the blue in his eyes. He'd given the blacks and greys the boot for a while. He looked gorgeous and way too good in those pants. But that wasn't all.

a him. I touched his cheek. "You shaved."

"Like it?"

"I don't know. You look so different clean shaven."

"I didn't want to look like a hooligan when first meeting your mother."

His cheeks were so soft, I had to touch both sides. He may not have looked exactly the same, but he was still Cal. It didn't alter his smile or change the display of those perfect teeth, but it did reveal a rather lovely jawline.

"I don't think she would have minded," I said. He wasn't the same without the whiskers, but I could get used to him this way. Didn't make me forget about the packed leather bag, though.

"So, why are you packing a bag?"

a He planted a kiss on my forehead and went back to the dresser to grab a few more items before closing the drawer. "I was thinking while I ran—"

"Uh-oh."

He gave me a sly smile, but he didn't know the half of my uh-oh. Irrational thoughts were already overflowing my brain.

"I was thinking," he continued, "we should stay the night at your mother's. We wouldn't have to worry about driving back, especially if we have alcohol. We could stay up as late as we want, relax, sleep in. I could even make breakfast tomorrow morning. If your mother is okay with it, and if she has the extra room, of course."

"I was thinking," "Boy, you're full of ideas today, aren't you?"

Yep, those stupid, irrational thoughts were a-flowing, full of Gators, jewelry flashing in the morning sun, Cal in the track shorts and t-shirt he'd worn for his run, earbuds in his ears, and a stomach-churning question my so-called sensible self kept whispering in my ear—Why does it feel like Cal's running away?

He frowned, putting the extra items in his bag. "What? You don't like the idea?"

"Yes, I do. I think it's sweet. It's just out of the blue."

" Not out of the blue. I've been thinking about it since you said you wanted to go see her today."

Not "Well then, why do you have a bag packed if you're not so sure she'll be okay with it?"

"You think she won't be?"

"I think she'll love it. I think she'll love you . You've just never struck me as a spur-of-the-moment kind of guy."

you "There's much you still have to learn about me, Livy." The tone of his voice hadn't implied playfulness.

What little Cal told me last night—of his father and his life in Ireland, the mere hint of the horrors he faced growing up—scared me. Cal had shined a light on his past for me. It had been hard to hear at the time, and if he chose to tell me more, I know I couldn't take it all in one hard lump. Unlike last night, I believed I was ready to know. If we were going to "just be" anything, I needed to know, and I needed him to know he could talk to me.



I put my arms around his waist and my head on his shoulder. "I know. You can tell me when you're ready." He didn't answer, except to kiss the top of my head. I looked up at him. "I'll call Mom, but I think you may have forgotten something."

"What?"

It was on the tip of my tongue to ask, Who did you meet when you went for a run? Joe said you were talking to someone. But my heart told my head to shut up.

Who did you meet when you went for a run? Joe said you were talking to someone. "Baylor is expecting to give you bass guitar lessons tonight."

"Oh shit. I forgot."

I wondered if that would make him change his mind.

"I'll have to make my apologies and reschedule with him."

Nope.

"We have to go to the main house and get a car anyway," I said. "I'm sure he'll forgive you."

Cal leaned down for a quick kiss, but I didn't miss the look on his face when I said that. Not about Baylor forgiving him, but about going to the main house. He'd cringed. The expression was fleeting, but I saw it.

"We'll call him," he said, zipping up the bag. "Why don't you get the car and I'll pack what you want to bring."

I hesitated. He looked at me.

"You don't mind, do you?" he asked.

"No."

I didn't mind. I was more than happy to go for another run with Mitzi. It would do me good to outrun the thoughts swirling in my mind, that Linda was the one in the Gator, and something had happened between them when Cal went for a run.

was had Don't worry, dear reader. It's not like I was worried Cal had any interest in running off with a woman in her forties, especially one that's hooked herself up with my dad. Cal still only has eyes for me. I draw my conclusions from our intimacy last night and this morning. Besides, Cal did promise me he wasn't going anywhere, at least not until we head back to Sacramento.

My worries stemmed from Cal's compulsive lack of communication. He may have never lied to me, but he did have a predisposition for holding his private life too close to the chest. If I asked him, he would probably tell me the truth, but only after a bit of determined prodding on my part. I wanted to know what had happened between him and the mystery person, but I didn't want to force it out of him. I just wish I knew why he would keep it to himself.

I struggled with the need not to believe the mystery person was Linda, that she had not been the one to meet Cal out on the property, that she had not lied to me. I know, I'm an indecisive ninny, but even as I brought one of Dad's cars back to the apartment, freshened up and changed to go to Mom's, I kept drawing another set of conclusions. Cal was leery to head back to the house. Why? Because he was leery to run into her again? I couldn't blame him if it was true, but I could blame him for not opening up to me.

not had not had not her I let it go, though. I had to. As long as we stayed away from the house, Cal remained himself, not this guy who hid his troublesome thoughts behind impulsive plans.

Cal opted to get behind the wheel of the Altima when we left the ranch. I joked with him, asking to see his driver's license, hoping he would show it to me, and being disappointed when he would only promise me he had a valid one.

As we passed the rear of the main house, I saw the Gator again. Linda hadn't been at the house when I went to retrieve a car, but she was now. She stood on the back porch, both hands perched on her hips. A stupid sensation descended upon me, that she was watching us like a hawk. I forced myself to give her a smile and a wave. Linda waved back, which was a good sign, but Cal kept one hand on the wheel and the other out the open window. Bad sign? I don't know. I couldn't read his eyes behind his dark sunglasses, but from what I could tell, he never even looked her way.



"Dad's girlfriend," I said by way of explanation, hoping for any sort of reaction. "She came back this morning." ( She Came Back . Sounds like the title to a horror movie.)

She Came Back Once we rounded the side of the house, the tension holding Cal's right hand to the wheel melted out of him. He brought the other in from resting on the hood, took the wheel, and reached across the center console to hold my hand. For him to link fingers with me was so unpretentious and so honestly Cal, the real Cal and not the gigolo, that it struck me. That one move was the most open he had ever been with me.

Cal flashed me a grin in response to my blasé comment about Linda. "You don't sound too happy about it. Don't you like her?"

"Can't stand her."

His brow wrinkled. "Why? What did she do to make you dislike her so?"

I told myself his question wasn't leading. "She became my dad's girlfriend."

Cal's frown deepened. "That's incredibly childish of you."

"Wow. Just say what you feel, Cal."

"I'm saying it's not reason enough to dislike her. You must have a better reason."

I didn't say anything. I couldn't. Better to watch the horses in the pens at the front of the property having their midmorning exercise as we passed, because I didn't have a better reason. I couldn't stand the woman because she stood between my parents, and it didn't help my side of the argument that he was taking her side. Shouldn't he be backing me up?

"Livy," Cal said in chastisement. "You can't be serious."

I shrugged. There was another reason, but I wasn't about to bring it up. "I'm sorry. I can't help it. She and Dad haven't been together that long. Today, in fact, was the first time I met her face to face, but every interaction we've had, including today, makes me think she's faker than a three dollar bill."

"Fake how?"

"I don't know." It wasn't exactly easy to quantify, and worse, his questions were making me defensive. "Like this morning, for instance. She tried too hard to be my friend. Wanting to get together and have a girls-day-out, hugging me like we haven't seen each other in years, calling out Logan like the two of them are buddies or something, which they aren't. She's not genuine."

"And you feel that way because...?"

"Because I hear things from Baylor," I said, pulling the clicker out of the glove compartment to open the front gate. "He says she treats him like her long-lost son when Dad's around, but as soon as he's out of the picture, she treats him like garbage. And it's not just Bay. Logan calls her a tease, and Mom... Well, Mom just thinks she's a whore."

Cal turned onto the road and grinned, but I was leaving something out intentionally. It felt like he was searching, looking for answers. But, to what? I didn't want to imagine. I had imagined enough already.

What I hadn't told Cal was, even though these were facts, I hadn't recalled them until recently. They hadn't popped up into my head when I was talking with Baylor about her, or even when Miss Chanel No.5 was smothering me. They surfaced on my ride back to the apartment. These facts had come to me through text messages or phone conversations since I moved to Sacramento. When I would text Baylor, I would ask him, how's it going, and the stories of how she treated him were what I heard. When Logan called to tell me how her New Year's Eve party went, she would tell me how Linda couldn't keep her hands off Troy or any other unavailable man while Dad hunkered over in the corner discussing business. The worst was Mom, telling me about Linda's Facebook posts. No, they weren't friends on social media. Far from it. But they did share friends, and sometimes, Linda's posts would filter down to Mom, like her pictures with Dad, or the ones in which she would show off the jewelry he bought her, or spouting stuff Mom took personally, such as Linda thanking God for setting my dad free so she could find him. Remembering that made me dislike her even more.

how's it going, "You're too quick to judge, Livy."

"Why are you defending her? You don't know her." I tossed the clicker back in and closed the glove compartment a little too hard.

"Neither do you, and I'm not defending her. I'm just saying, she's not the only one you judge too quickly. You've done the same to me. You judge my motives incorrectly all the time."

He was talking about this morning, and maybe even a little about last night. I had pre-judged both Baylor and Dad, then I went off on Cal. He's right. Damn him and his worldly wisdom.

"I'm asking you to try looking at people from a different perspective instead of through the eyes of a child," he said.

"Are you trying to say I'm spoiled?"

"Maybe a tad." Cal paused and smiled at me. It said, I'm not trying to hurt you, so don't argue with me . "Maybe a little more than a tad. You did sort of have everything handed to you in life. You didn't really have to work very hard for anything." I opened my mouth to give him a scathing response, but Cal kept talking. "I'm not referring to your career, Livy. You worked your ass off to get where you are, but you were also given every opportunity to succeed. Your parents paid for your schooling. They paid to send you to college. You had a good start to life, and that's not a bad thing, nor am I comparing your life to mine. What I'm trying to say is that it's possible to have too much early on in life. It can stunt your emotional growth."

I'm not trying to hurt you, so don't argue with me "And so can not having enough."

"True, but when your natural reaction is to act the way a child would when things don't happen the way you think they should, there's a reason for one to think you spoiled."

I shot him a sideways glance, wondering at (and trying not to judge) his motives, knowing every word out of his mouth was painfully accurate and that it came from the deep end of his worldly wisdom. Didn't mean I was going to praise him for it this time.

"Okay. Fine. Point taken. Maybe I am spoiled. Maybe I do act childishly at times. No one has ever been brave enough to point it out to me before. Guess I need to work on it. But Linda still gives me the creeps."

Cal laughed and brought the back of my hand to his lips. "I guess I'll let you have that one." He squeezed my hand. "You have strength, too, Livy. Forged by your parent's divorce, believe it or not. It thickened the skin around the child's heart. It's that strength, the strength of your beliefs and your convictions, and yet you're still willing to bend. It's one of the many things I adore about you."

Adore. He used that word once before, in answer to Dad when I believed he was only playing the boyfriend. For a little while, Linda wasn't even a blip in my thoughts.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 33





Fairview is a small town. There are less than ten thousand people living here. We have two elementary schools, a high school, a medical center, and a medium sized convention center, but you know your town is going places when you get your own Wal-Mart.

That's not where Cal and I went for our groceries, though. Small towns tend to grow when you've been away for close to a year. I had planned on directing Cal to the big chain store on the opposite end of town from where Mom lived, but she told me about a new whole food store that had opened up not far from her house. It was small and locally owned, but she said Cal might find more of the unprocessed, locally grown ingredients he was looking for. He hadn't been too keen on hitting the big store anyway.

I must say, it was interesting getting to see this side of Cal. This wasn't the suit-donning, sexy-strutting man who knew how to charm the socks off a stranger. He was a regular guy who went about everyday life like the rest of us, picking his vegetables with care at the local grocery store. He talked me through his selections of breast and wing quarters, Yukon gold potatoes, fresh scallions and firm, unblemished portobello mushrooms. Then, we were off to the wine section, where Cal pulled bottles off the shelf, inspected and put several of them back, before finally settling upon a pinot noir. For its smoky flavor, he said.

"How do you know it's the right pairing?"

"There are any number of wines one could choose to pair with roast chicken, but for this particular recipe, where I'm not using a heavy amount of spices, a pinot is a good choice."

"But how do you know?"

He laughed at me and patted my hand sitting comfortably in the crook of his arm. "Experience. A pinot has the right structure and acidity without the excess alcohol or the fruitiness or the tannins that could overpower the flavor of the meat."

"If you say so."

"Trust me. You'll see."

"Where did you learn this? You couldn't have figured it out all by yourself."

He shook his head, not looking at me, but handing the bottle over so I could place it in the shopping cart. "No, I had some help."

This was the second time he said that. "From who?"

"Someone I knew when I first came to the States."

"Oh. Who?" I wasn't letting it go this time.

We continued down the aisle. Cal had perched the sunglass atop his head, but I could see he wanted desperately to hide behind them again.

"I would rather not color your opinion of me."

"Don't be silly, Cal. You won't."

I snuggled into him, wanting him to know my prying wasn't simple curiosity. I wanted to know him. I was ready to know everything there was to know about him. Even the troubling aspects of his life. Telling me about it should be easy for him, as easy as it was for him to tell me about myself. But, you know me, I had to throw in a joke and ruin the moment.

"Who was she? Julia Child?"

He gave me a laugh, but the attempt was half-hearted at best and without any soul. I had touched upon a piece of his past he wasn't ready to show me yet, and he'd flinched. Giving his arm a squeeze was the only way I knew how to apologize. An interminable silence drew out between us, filled only with grocery store music. Then Cal said, "It wasn't a woman."

"Oh."

A thought passed through my mind like a bullet and was just as devastating, Maybe I don't want to know everything. Then I realized how much my one-word answer sounded like judging. I quickly changed my tune.

Maybe I don't want to know everything.

"Who was he ?"

he "Not important. He helped me when I needed help, and I learned a lot from him. That's all there is to tell."

That wasn't all there was, though. A whole story lived in those few words. How rough might it have been for a boy of fifteen leaving the only home he'd ever known to live in a country full of strangers? I was sure Cal had come here alone. He never spoke as someone who had shared much of his life in the company of others. How had he gotten by on his own? What sort of things could he have done simply to survive?

I took his hand. "You can talk to me, Cal. You know that."

"I know."

He spoke in a whisper, but still, he didn't open up to me. His hand felt clammy in mine. I thought it best to change the subject.

I took the wine bottle out of the shopping cart and examined it. "What was it you said about this one? Something about it being without the excess alcohol? I thought we were getting drunk tonight and doing the wild thing."

without The comforted smile that beamed on Cal's precious features moved me to let go of his hand and put my arm around his waist. He didn't stay there long. He left me to head back down the aisle and came back with a bottle of Irish whiskey and a wicked grin.

A few minutes later, we were stowing the groceries in the truck and getting back in the car. Cal had returned the sunglasses to the bridge of his nose, but he hesitated to put the key in the ignition. He eventually sat back in his seat and exhaled. I didn't say anything. I couldn't speak. I could hardly breathe watching the war waging inside his head. It showed itself in his grip on the steering wheel and the vein ticking at his temple.

"It wasn't the way you're thinking..." I could have asked the question, but I kept silent because the struggle in him to get out the next three words was worse than the war he'd waged just to speak. "...not at first. I did a lot of things I'm not proud of when I first came to this country. I spent my first two years in New York fucking up my life." He took another deep breath and let it out heavily again. "Ian was the first right thing I did."

I didn't know what to say. Saying anything right then would have been wrong. Besides, guilt was doing a number on me for all the Jansen jokes I'd made. I knew of only one way to make it right. I reached for the hand gripping the steering wheel, held it in my own, and let him talk.

"He took me in when I had nothing, hired me as a groundskeeper. I worked hard to earn my pay, to better myself. Ian had been head chef at a very prestigious restaurant at the time, and little by little, he introduced me to cooking. I had to cook a lot as a boy, for my father, but Ian taught me technique, taught me about wine and wine pairing. I drank more wine in his company than I had anywhere else up to that time." Cal sighed. He had rested the back of his head against the seat, and now he turned his face toward me. "I was seventeen years old. He was in his late forties, and he was kind to me. I didn't know what that was, and I responded to it the only way I knew how."

I reached up and removed his sunglasses. He instantly turned his eyes away from me. "You had a relationship with him."

It took him a moment to answer, to put his words together. "I had suspected it was his motivation from the start, but when it happened, I didn't question it. I didn't question my sexuality, either. It just sort of...felt right, I guess, at the time."

"Did you love him?"

Cal looked up at me briefly. "No, not in a romantic way. I don't believe he felt that, either. We were there for each other at the right time when both of us needed someone. He even helped me to become a naturalized citizen."



"So, what happened?"

He still wouldn't look at me. "We had a falling out. I started asserting my independence, I guess you could say. It was during that time, meeting people he knew, that I discovered my talent ."

talent I cringed a little. It was the only time I was glad he hadn't been looking me in the eye.

"I knew I was capable. I dabbled in it a bit, having sex for money, about a year before I left Ireland. I was on my own by then and it was a way to survive, to have money to eat."

It hurt my heart to hear him say that. I thought of myself at fourteen, drooling over the posters of Nick Lachey in my bedroom and fangirling over episodes of American Idol and The O.C. I was a teenager. I watched my TV shows, hung out with my friends, talked about the cute boys at school and what it would be like to kiss them. I watched the skies and learned about cloud formations. I measured rainfall and monitored barometric pressure as a thunderstorm moved in. I always knew where my next meal was going to come from. I never had to sell my body, and a bit of my soul, to eat.

American Idol The O.C. But Cal, poor Cal... He was right. I did have everything handed to me, and all I could do was complain about what I didn't have. I had no right to speak then, so I let him continue.

"When I came to New York, I more than dabbled. I thought it would be easy to find a normal job. Land of opportunity, and all that bullshit. But it wasn't. It became the only way to survive, to stay off the streets and avoid the drugs. I tried sticking only with women, but I found I could make more money with men. I was prostituting myself when I met Ian. I tried to pick him up. I could tell he was gay and he looked like he was made of money." Cal gave a short laugh. "He wouldn't have any of it, though. We talked for hours. He offered to take me in, said he would pay me to take care of his property if I gave up the lifestyle. I grabbed at the opportunity with both hands. I wanted out of it.

wanted "But I guess it sort of lived in me. I don't think I ever really gave it up, especially after Ian and I's relationship changed. I was nineteen, I believe, maybe twenty, when Ian introduced me to a female friend of his. Miriam was older, about his age. I was comfortable with where I was in my life with Ian, but she could see it wasn't me. She came on to me, and it felt good to have a woman see me as a man, to compliment me as a man. I had sex with her."

He paused. Though he kept his eyes averted, it felt like he wanted me to say something, to validate him, to make him feel okay to keep talking. I had to really think about what to say, and I still don't know if I said what he wanted to hear.

"Did you tell Ian? I mean, did he find out?"

"No, but we didn't have that kind of relationship. I don't think he would have had a problem with it."

"How do you know for sure? Maybe he loved you."

He was quiet for a while, looking at our clasped hands. "A moot point, if he did. I ended the sexual side of our relationship."

"Why?"

"Because Miriam had been right about me. As grateful as I was to Ian for saving me, I had never derived any pleasure from him, or from men in general. They were a means to an end, a way to put food on the table. Perhaps, in a way, becoming intimate with Ian was my way of paying back in full all he'd given me."

"You left him for Miriam."

"No, I stayed with him for a while longer, but I saw Miriam more frequently. She started introducing me sexually to her female friends. I enjoyed the attention, the touch of a woman's body. They started paying me. That went on for a couple of months, and then, at her recommendation, an escort service offered to hire me on. It was Miriam who reintroduced me to the lifestyle, to the money I could make, to the freedom of choice. I didn't have to do it to survive anymore. I could do it because I wanted to; because I knew I was good at it."

sexually

"And what did Ian think?"

"He hated it. He was so fucking pissed off at me. I don't know if he didn't like the fact that I was having sex with women, or if he wanted me to make something of myself under his tutelage, to succeed in the culinary world..."

I knew. I touched Cal's cheek, drew his gaze to me. "He loved you, Cal."

His eyes began to glisten and he turned away from me. "I don't know," he said, his voice thick with emotion. "I don't think I'll ever really know."

"Why?"

"Because he kicked me out on my ass. We argued. I told him I wasn't his fucking sex toy anymore and accused him of being a pedophile. He told me if I wanted to go back to prostituting myself I could leave, so I left. It was the last time I saw him." Cal sighed again, shook his head. "All the good things he did for me and I treated him like shit in the end. Ian's the reason I draw the line in my work when it comes to men. I don't allow it. Not simply because I consider myself strictly heterosexual, but because I don't care to go back there emotionally."

Cal removed his hand from mine to put both over his face. His ginger skin had reddened. "God, I can't believe I'm telling you all this," he said through his fingers.

I couldn't either. That tale was a deeply personal time in his life, one I never would have expected from him. I would never whisper a word of it to another soul, but that he could brave his pain and his shame to speak of it, touched me.

"It's okay," I told him, rubbing his arm and his shoulder, hoping to make him feel less self-conscious. "You don't have to be ashamed of your past with me."

He lowered his hands, stoically looking forward. "It's not that I'm ashamed. It's that I've never spoken of any of this. With anyone. Ever. It's a little scary how easily it came out." He turned to me, looked me right in the eyes this time. I saw fear, not shame. "And it's sort of the biggest revelation of my entire sordid life."

I brought the back of my hand up to his cheek. "Your life isn't sordid, Cal. And your story didn't color my opinion of you. So, you're not perfect. So, you've made mistakes. You had to make tough choices and sometimes those choices hurt people. I'm just glad you had someone like Ian to care for you back then. He could have taken advantage of you, but I don't think he did. God knows what turns your life could have taken if you hadn't met him."

"I think about that a lot, actually," he said, his gaze upon me unwavering.

"Have you seen him since?"

Cal shook his head. "He died a couple of years ago. Massive heart attack. I went to his funeral."

"I'm sorry."

"At the reception, his partner gave me a few photographs he'd found of Ian and I. Said Ian would have wanted me to have them. I had forgotten about them. I think it was the last time I ever let anyone photograph me."

"I'd like to see them one day," I said, smiling at the idea of Cal at such a young age.

"They're at my apartment."

I didn't know what to make of that statement. Was he merely sharing, should I be excited to have this tiny gold nugget of information—that he lives in an apartment and not a sprawling estate in Beverly Hills—after he'd landed a whopper of gold piece in my lap, or did he mean I would never see the photos because I would never see his apartment?

Cal had gone quiet for a moment, not looking at me, when he turned to me and asked, "Who do you see when you look at me?"

His question scared the hell out of me. Hearing his story made me realize how he saw himself—dirty, unclean, maybe even unlovable. He'd called his life sordid, but that's not the way I saw it. Cal had changed so much for me over the last couple of days, and even though his question scared me, I didn't have to think too hard about it.

"When I first met you, I saw a self-confident gigolo, at ease with the lifestyle of his choice. Because I was so anxious, I thought you feared nothing. Then, the second time we met, I saw a man who seemed so lost, and I felt so sorry for him, even though I wanted to kick his ass." He gave me a sad smile. "The third time, I wondered about the wary man at my doorstep, on his guard. Now, finally, I just see Callum." His chest heaved. "I know why he was on his guard, because he's a man with a few dings in the pan life handed him, and yet he was still willing to put his heart out there. Kinda like me. That's one of the many things I adore about you ."

you The look on his face was so full of emotion, I almost thought to see tears tumble from his eyes, but he brought a hand to the back of my head and planted one hot, appreciative kiss to my lips. Had we not been sitting in a car in the middle of a grocery store parked in broad daylight not far from my mother's house, our kiss might have progressed a little farther, but...

Five minutes later, we were pulling into Mom's drive. She had a cute little cottage on a corner lot with a white picket fence, a surfeit of overhanging trees, and an American flag billowing in the warm afternoon breeze. Mom picked the house out herself, but the fence she had installed.

There was movement in one of the windows. Mom, peeking through the blinds to see if the car she heard pulling into her drive was us, no doubt. Any minute, she would come out the front door to greet us.

Cal exhaled a deep breath again. I knew what he was thinking. Small town people had their ideas and their way of thinking about things. What would Susan Morton think if she knew everything there was to know about Callum Kearney?

I touched the back of my fingers to his whiskerless cheek again. "Don't be nervous, Cal. She's going to love you."

When he kissed my hand, the look in his eyes was so gentle, a wave of surreality washed over me. We were really doing this. This had ceased to be about begging a gigolo to pretend to be my boyfriend to make my mother feel better about me living hundreds of miles away from home anymore. Cal was really nervous, trying overly hard to put his best foot forward. Why? Why would he care if he made a good impression or not?

Then I remembered what Cal said to me this morning. "I stopped pretending a long time ago." Understanding hit me squarely between the eyes, right in the center of the old noggin. No man would ever work this hard to impress the mother unless he was serious about the daughter.

"I stopped pretending a long time ago."

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 34





I remember when I first introduced Mom and Dad to Dean. I've already told you how well Dad took to him, which was not so well at first. Mom was different. Being that Dean was my first real boyfriend, she took to him instantly, but then, Mom was that way with almost everyone. She wasn't a difficult person to get along with and made friends easily. There's a big difference, however, between the person she was then, and the person she is now.



real

Mom before the divorce had taken Dean's hand, said how nice it was to finally meet him, graciously invited him into the house, and introduced the possible son-in-law to her husband, the man he might one day call father-in-law. She cooked an impeccable dinner. We sat around a beautifully set table. She discussed life at the university with us and our future professions, while carefully tiptoeing around our relationship. She never asked pointed questions or pried, not even when she and I were alone. The whole evening had been very subdued, very June-Cleavery. She hadn't been indifferent to my relationship with Dean. She was happy for me, and she liked him. She just didn't get too excited or obsessed over the man who had entered my life. I've wondered if maybe it was more the mother saddened to see the daughter growing up and moving on with life. Hard to say.

Mom after the divorce was a whole other kettle of fish. It would be wrong to say she ran down the driveway like a contestant on The Price is Right , but it would be a damn close equivalent. She was out of the house before Cal and I could even set foot out of the car. She stood at the end of the walkway that led to the front door, hands together, fingers steepled under her nose as if she were praying. She wasn't. The big, goofy grin on her face said she hadn't any need to pray, because she was already enamored of Cal and that was that.

after The Price is Right Introductions didn't go the traditional way, either. You know, the Mom-meet-Cal-Cal-meet-Mom way, wherein hands are extended and greetings are exchanged. Mom was never really the traditional type. She always had a bit of a quirky slant (evidenced in how she dressed—red polka dotted capri pants with a sea-foam green and lavender striped shirt). She just didn't make a habit of showing it in public to strangers. Now...

"Oh my God," she cried in her excitement when she caught up to us in the drive, bare feet no less. "I can't believe you're here."

You would think a mother who hadn't seen her daughter in more than six months would want a hug and a kiss or something. I was sure, somewhere in her mind, she admonished herself of the need to greet her daughter, but for the one obstacle of Callum Kearney.

When he and I met up with Mom at the front of the vehicle, Cal instantly linked hands with mine as though he needed the mooring. His hand was clammy again. Little beads of sweat had begun to form on his upper lip and at his temples, and it wasn't the fault of the warm afternoon sun. Mom's eyes were trained on him. He feared her scrutiny. I could see it in the rigidity of his back, and in the tenseness of his shoulders. Cal was terrified.

Such a reversal from when he first met Dad! Cal had worn an air of nonchalance around him. Hadn't shown an ounce of nervousness. Having worn one of his many masks, Cal hadn't appeared one bit concerned of what Dad might think of him.

In the span of twenty-four hours, everything that made the gigolo what he was had begun to shed, to slough away like old skin. The casual confidence, the unaffected, easygoing strut of the gigolo I remember so well from our first night together had begun to wane the second we saw each other at the Orpheum Theatre. No, wait. Not then. When he kissed me before leaving the hotel room. That's when it began. Standing before the woman I brought him all the way over here to meet, the gigolo's strutting confidence was nothing but a sputtering flame one the way out. Cal didn't seem to know what a mask was around Mom. Watching this change in Cal, finally seeing his true self beneath the layers of the past that had hidden him, made me forget my own mother hadn't yet greeted me. I was too mesmerized by the sight of her staring into his soul, reading him like a book.

An angled beam of the sun through the branches had caught Cal across the face, lighting his eyes behind the darkness of his sunglasses. She looked into him, at his face, at his bearing, at the way he held my hand. He didn't have to say anything. Mom didn't, either. She simply wrapped her arms around Cal and pulled him into a big motherly hug.

It dawned on me then that Mom's June-Cleaverness with Dean hadn't come from graciousness or a need to play the part of the respectable wife. That wasn't Mom. Dean just wasn't what she had hoped. He wasn't what she had wanted for me. A whole chunk of my time with Dean was starting to make sense. No one had ever really approved of him. Not my parents, not my best friend, not my little brother. Hell, not even my damn horse liked him. I had ignored every subtle hint and tried so hard to make them like him. I thought if they got to know him better, they would see what I saw, and I even thought they had for a while. I thought I had won the battle. I guess I only saw what I wanted to see, what my stubborn mind expected to see.

Is that why it seemed so strange to see everyone take so quickly to Cal? I expected to have to work to convince them. In my mind, Baylor would be indifferent to him, Logan would be iffy about him, and Dad would dislike him for some pointless reason known only to his outdated ideals. I had been so afraid of the struggle, so afraid they would see through our ruse. But none of that had happened. I haven't had to work hard at all to convince them of Cal's worthiness. With Mom, I had no need to say a word in Cal's defense. She already knew.

Mom broke from their embrace, took his face in both her hands and said, "It is so good to finally meet you, Cal."

so good She said the same thing to Dean once upon a time, but it had been formal, something you say when you meet someone you've heard about. There was no formality in her words to Cal. Just great meaning. It meant she had finally met the man she wanted for her daughter.

Hearing it hit me right in the chest. I couldn't breathe for a second, and I knew Cal felt it, too. His voice quivered when he said, "You, too," and despite the sunglasses hiding his eyes, he couldn't hide the tear that slipped from beneath it. Mom swiped it away with her thumb as though it never existed and hugged him again. That time, Cal hugged back.

Don't ask me how she knew. I hadn't told her much about him but half-truths and quite a few out-and-out lies (which, to this day, I'm terribly ashamed of). Somehow, in the space of a few seconds, she had Cal figured out. She knew what he was all about, and exactly what he needed to feel welcome. She approved. Guess I should hang that contract between Cal and I on the wall in a pretty frame, huh?

Anyway, that's how Cal met Mom, with a hug and a few shed tears, some of which were my own.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 35





Cal called Mom's house "lovely," and it is lovely. Mom had worked hard on making it a home, a place she could feel comfortable being alone in for the first time since she was nineteen.





Mom's idea of décor didn't involve a lot of color. As opposed to Dad's dark, old-world designs, Mom preferred a more country-contemporary look, full of natural light. She liked whites and soft earthy grays with pops of natural color in the form of green plants here or there. Thus, the living room had pine floors, white couches accented by colored throw pillows, a woven rug in the center of the floor, and wicker lampshades. And the kitchen was no different. Gray and white granite countertops lent to the contemporary feel while the wicker-topped wooden stools rounding the kitchen island added that country flare. My favorite feature—four big, open windows, two over the farmhouse sink and another two over the dining nook. Everything in her home was open and airy. I could breathe here.

Vaulted ceilings throughout the house lent an openness to rooms filled with Mom's sculptures. Some of them were of animals, or busts like you might find in a Grecian garden, others were body parts like hands or feet. There was one she made years ago when I was just a girl. It was the upper arm, shoulder, neck and one side of a woman's face. As a girl, I used to wonder what it was supposed to represent. As a woman, with the memory of Cal's touch in those very places, I no longer had to wonder.

Groceries put away, overnight bags safely tucked away in the guest bedroom, I followed Mom as she took Cal on an impromptu tour of her artwork. The emotion of their first meeting had passed, but an inkling of it still lingered. They took to each other so easily it scared me. Their meeting should have been awkward. Instead, they were like two old friends who hadn't seen each other for a long time. Mom had already shooed away Cal's use of "Miss" when saying her name, and Mom had already tested the full name of "Callum" on her tongue a few times. I had a feeling she would probably slip into calling him by his full name for the remainder of our visit.

"These are astounding, Susan."

Cal must have said that about a million times, but Mom hadn't grown tired of hearing it. We had migrated to her studio, in a room that had once been a sunroom before Mom renovated it. Floor to ceiling windows occupied one wall, letting in all the natural light Mom loved so much. In the center of the room was an untouched block just begging to be chiseled into something magical. Wooden shelves occupied another wall. Mom had filled them with finished and unfinished projects.

Cal had joked when we first entered the house, saying, "What happened to your legs?"

I think I mentioned that my mother isn't a short woman. Unlike my five-foot-five frame, Mom is six feet tall. It's part of the heritage of the women in her family. They all have long legs and slender figures. Which gene recessed while I developed in her womb, I have no idea, but height wasn't the only one. I hadn't swum in her talent gene pool, either. Seeing Mom's detailed work always made me a little jealous inside. Why was it only Baylor had picked up on her creative talent? But then, Dad says I picked up all the good stuff from his side of the family. Whatever the reason, no creative talent lived in my hands, nor was I lucky enough to stand face-to-face with Cal as Mom could. I had to look up, which wasn't so bad, I guess. But it does suck to be the dumpling of the family. In another thirty years, I'll probably have tire-sized love handles and thunderous thighs that would only wear well on an elephant. (God, I hope not, anyway.)

Cal stopped to eye the detailed sculpture of a horse sitting on a pedestal in the corner of the room. The wall behind it had been draped in burlap in order for the whiteness of the gypsum to stand out. This particular piece was one of Mom's favorite early works.

"That's Promise," she said. "She was one of the first show horses we owned when Livy was a little girl. We lost her about seven years ago now. Is that right, Livy?"



It hurt to hear Mom say "we" like it still meant something. "I think so. I hadn't been at college a year when she died."

"I loved that horse," she said.

Cal traced a line of musculature in the sculpted horse's shoulder. "I can tell. You put a lot of love into this. How did you learn to sculpt with such detail?"

Mom shrugged, pleased with his assessment. "Oh, I don't know. I've always enjoyed drawing, and I wanted to know what my drawings would look like in three-D. I think I was in my early twenties when I tried my hand at sculpting. I wasn't always so good at it. Took a lot of trial and error, and patience."

Cal gravitated toward Mom's wall of projects. "Do you work from photographs or live objects?

"I've used both mediums, but I've also worked from drawings. That's how I did Promise. I'd love to do a bust of you one day, Callum." She touched a finger under Cal's chin and turned him to face her. "You have beautiful bone structure."

That he did. His confidence, his personality, how he carried himself, these all defined Cal, but none of them were Cal. Put another face on that body and I wouldn't recognize him. It was the angle of his jaw, the way it curved to a softly squared chin, the way the straight ridge of his brow accented the slope of his nose and defined his cheekbones—these were what made Cal who he is to me. Tracing the lines of his face with my fingers the way he had traced the sculpted lines on Promise would be one of the things I'd always remember about him.

were But then, Cal didn't see himself that way, as evidenced by his reaction to Mom's following question, "What do you say?"

He laughed. Softly and without contempt, as if to say, Don't be silly. Why would you want to sculpt me?

Don't be silly. Why would you want to sculpt me? Mom looked at me with questioning eyes. I shrugged. This was Cal, Mom. Best if we both realized it and moved on. Cal certainly had. He had found another piece to admire, one that could dissuade Mom from her idea of sculpting his face, and also one in particular that I had a vivid memory of.

"What's this one?" he asked.

Mounted to a metal frame was a child's hand. It ended at the elbow, fingers and hand extended as if reaching. Cal placed one of his thumbs in the palm of the small hand, and for a moment, I saw an image of him holding the hand of a child.

Mom smiled at me. "He has a keen eye, Livy."

"Is this you?" he asked me. I nodded, and I thought Cal couldn't have smiled more beautifully if he tried. "I know that hand."

The queerest tremor went through me. "How old was I when you made that, Mom?"

"Four or five, I think."

"Strange the things you're mind will hold onto. I remember doing it. It was fun."

"Fun? It was hell getting you to sit still for a plaster casting."

Cal stepped back and put an arm around me, but his eyes had yet to let go of the small hand. "You worked from a plaster cast?"

"Actually, I filled the cast with a silicone mold and worked the stone from it. Easier than trying to get a squirming child to sit still." Mom turned a chastising eye at me as if the twenty-eight-year-old deserved the discipline of the four-year-old.

Cal grinned, but awe remained in his tone. "Wow. That's what I call real talent."

real Mom swatted Cal's praise out of the air. "Livy says your talent is in the kitchen, Callum. Tell me what's on the menu for tonight. I'm curious."

Cal described the meal he had planned as we made our way back toward the kitchen, but I had zoned out, thinking about what he said. Mom hadn't caught his meaning, not the way I did. Cal had referred to what he did for a living as his talent. He was exceptionally good at what he did. I could testify to it, in fact, if given the pulpit. However, that talent wasn't one he took pride in. He saw it as a knock against him, and I guess it was, even in my own eyes. After all the change I had watched him go through, I still sometimes saw the gigolo, the man married to his profession. But there was way more to Cal than just his ability to give a woman pleasure. There was a person inside, buried deep, with a heart and feelings, struggling to find his way to the surface. It felt as if he was using the normalcy of another's everyday life, within the company of everyday people, to redeem himself, to pull himself up out of the muck and the mire of his unusual lifestyle. It's what I wanted for him, but I feared it, too. I feared that it would always 'live in him,' that he would 'never really give it up,' just as he hadn't with Ian.

was We passed from the living room back into the brightness of the kitchen, the air conditioning holding back the heat of the afternoon sun when from the pocket of my jeans came a combination ding and vibration. Text message. Probably Logan again, looking for clues. I stopped, feeling Cal's hand slip from around me as he followed Mom further into the kitchen, fished the phone from my pocket and stared at a number I didn't recognize.

ding The message said, Please call me.

Please call me. I shot back a quick, Sorry, wrong number, and put the phone back in my pocket.

Sorry, wrong number, "What is champ?" Mom was asking.

"It's similar to what Americans' would call mashed potatoes," Cal said, "but it's made somewhat differently. Some back home still call it 'poundies.'"

The Irish name had given Mom the giggles. I was starting to giggle with her, halfway to being at their side when my phone dinged again. Probably an apology or something, but when I looked back at my phone, I read, No, it's Dean.

No, it's Dean. I stopped dead in my tracks. I heard Cal telling Mom more about champ, one side of my brain putting together the ingredients we had purchased—potatoes, scallions, milk and butter—and the other side of my brain going in the opposite direction, to the text message, to Dean.

I texted back. Oh hey, Dean. Sorry. I didn't know it was you.

Oh hey, Dean. Sorry. I didn't know it was you. His response was immediate. That's all right. Can you talk?

That's all right. Can you talk? Cal was telling Mom how to make this traditional dish from his home country. I wanted to listen in. "Once the potatoes are boiled," he was saying, "you mash them, add your milk, add your butter, just like you normally would. The only difference is, you add fresh scallions to the mix. Pile it up high, make a well in the center and put a pat of butter in it. Done." Watching him talk about cooking was like looking at a different man. He had a glow about him when he did. I didn't want to waste this moment on a text message to Dean.

I'm kinda busy right now. Cal and I are visiting Mom. Can we talk later?

I'm kinda busy right now. Cal and I are visiting Mom. Can we talk later? "Oh my word, that sounds delicious," Mom said. "But what about the chicken and Portobello mushrooms you brought with you?"

The ellipses bobbed for a few seconds, disappeared, then returned again.

"That's the more intricate side of the dish," Cal said in answer, glancing at me with a raised eyebrow, but the return text message was what made my heart step up its pace.

It's HIM that I want to talk to you about. Call me as soon as you can.

It's HIM that I want to talk to you about. Call me as soon as you can.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 36





By five o'clock, Mom's kitchen was redolent in the scent of roast chicken and thyme. The Portobello mushrooms along with sprigs of baby spinach leaves were flavoring the air. The wine was chilling. Mom and I were setting the dining table, and Cal was putting the final touches on dinner. The aroma had my mouth watering and my stomach growling.

My noisy tummy had Mom giggling again. "Somebody's hungry," she said, lighting a tealight candle in the center of the table.

"I'm starving. Cal's late breakfast was the last thing I had."

Mom smiled at me.

"What?" I asked.

"Up late, were we?"

I busied myself with organizing the silverware beside the space where our plates would soon be. "We were talking..."

"Mmm-hmm, sure you were."

I gave her a pointed look which melted into an unabashed grin. "We did talk. For a little while, and then we did other things."

did Mom laughed, and said in mock chastisement, "That's shameful, Livy."

"I know, but it's hard not to do shameful things to that man." We tittered like a couple of teenagers.

not By now, dear reader, I'm sure you're probably wondering, Did Livy ever call Dean? The answer is no. I did not. I was trying to forget he ever texted. I had more important concerns than fretting over whatever was bothering my jealous ex-boyfriend. Nothing he had to say had anything to do with the scrumptious aromas coming from Mom's kitchen.

Did Livy ever call Dean? Before Cal started in on dinner, Mom had insisted on pulling out old photographs, much to my dismay. Most of the family photographs had gone with Mom when she moved away from the ranch. She kept them in grey photo boxes on a white bookshelf in the hallway. She rifled through them, Cal sitting on one side of her, me on the other, and pulled out photo after photo of me until I thought I was going to puke. Baby photos, school photos, birthdays, Christmases. It was awful.

Cal got to see every awkward moment of my childhood, all the things I'm not so proud of: twelve-year-old me in braces, smiling like a dork beside Logan because Mom was taking us to an NSYNC concert (I still love Justin Timberlake, by the way), and me in a Princess Leia costume one Halloween. It wasn't the costume so much that bothered me, but the budding breasts I had been sporting at the time. Nubs was about all they were. There were photos of me in diapers, in pajamas sitting around the Christmas tree with a brand new Barbie doll in my hand, a couple in that horrid aquamarine dress I'd worn to prom, some in my cap and gown for graduation, and a few the day I went off to college in a loaded for bear Ford Focus. She had even shown him a photo or two of when Dean and I were still together. Cal had looked at them with interest, but I could read nothing in his expression.

NSYNC I gained a hundred priceless smiles out of Cal, though. For every picture, he gave me a grin or a laugh or a boatload of compliments. "Look at that cutie," to the baby pictures. "God, you were always beautiful, weren't you?" to the prom photos. I would roll my eyes and Mom would squeeze my knee with every compliment. By the time Cal started hinting at dinner, I was more than ready to put the pictures away, and my reddened cheeks weren't the only reason.

With every one of Cal's sweet smiles, I started to hurt a little bit in my heart. Cal and I weren't going to be this way forever.

That thought crept back into my mind as Mom set the third of three wine glasses on the table. I could push it back with a joke here or there, but it kept racing back. Which is why Mom surprised me when she came around the table and pulled me into a tight hug.



"What's this all about?" I asked over her shoulder.

"I'm just so happy for you. I'm so happy he found you."

That struck me and rooted me in her arms for a moment. No one else had said it quite that way before. Everyone else had been glad I found him. Mom, ever the psychic. Or was it just that Mom knew me too well? She knew I hadn't gone out in search of Cal or anyone like him. If anyone had "found" anyone, she knew that Cal would have been the one to have found me. I thought about the way our meeting had taken place, how he knew my name right off the bat, how he had looked at me as though he already knew me. Cal had touched me right from the beginning. I just hadn't known it. Maybe I owed Rosalyn an apology.

I him. Ugh, let's not be so hasty. With the way I was feeling, at the very least, I owed her a well-meaning punch in the arm.

Mom pulled back, holding me by the shoulders. "But..." she said, a definite emphasis on the word, "if you don't marry that man, I will."

My eyes went heavenward. "Mom, seriously," I whispered. "It's a bit early to be talking marriage. We've only been together for a couple of months."

Mom raised an eyebrow. "Livy, he's perfect."

"No one is perfect, Mom. Cal has his flaws. Trust me."

"How many men do you know will cook you breakfast and dinner, not ask for your help, would prefer it if you took it easy while he does all the work, and even cleans up after himself?"

and "Well..."

"Exactly."

Mom had so hit the money there. I had never known anyone like Cal in that regard. Dad had always been of the "I'm a hard working man, so get back here and make me a sandwich, woman" variety. And Baylor, he was like every teenage boy growing up to be a man—his mamma took care of him, so much so, you wonder if he could take care of himself once he got out on his own. But, Cal was the complete opposite. Once he took over the kitchen, there wasn't much Mom or I could do but sit back and watch. In fact, he preferred it that way. He enjoyed explaining what he was doing as he did it. If we offered our help in any way, even in something as menial as shredding cheese or mincing garlic, Cal practically begged us to sit back down.

"Of course, one could argue it has something to do with the fact that I'm a horror in the kitchen," I joked, though, I knew better.

"The man doesn't leave the toilet seat up when he goes to the bathroom, Livy. He's perfect."

Come to think of it, maybe she was right. Cal was perfect, or maybe just a slice of perfect, if one could get that close. Problem was, Mom didn't know what I knew. Mom didn't know that when the week was up, perfect Cal would go back to being the perfect gigolo, and the knowledge hurt enough in my chest to make taking in another breath hard to do. I did it, though, and accomplished shooing off Mom's comment with another joke.

"I don't know, Mom. Sometimes, a neat freak can be a pain in the ass to have around on a regular basis."

Mom had a way of letting you know when she was serious. She got real quiet, real quick, and she stared you down like the grim reaper. When she finally spoke, it was with finality. "If you pass up this opportunity, Livy, I'm going to assume you've lost your mind and have you committed."

I laughed. "Okay, okay. I'll ask Cal to marry me tonight. Good grief."

"Oh, you're impossible." Mom went back to the table, shaking her head at me.

From the kitchen, came a loud clank of dishes at about the same time as a third ding sounded in my pocket. Mom and I eyed each other silently from across the table. Had something broken? Had she heard my phone?

ding

"Is everything okay?" I called, reaching into my pocket for my phone. It was Logan.

Is there some reason why the Pretentious Professor keeps bothering me to get you to call him?

Is there some reason why the Pretentious Professor keeps bothering me to get you to call him? My stomach dropped. I held the power button down and powered off the damn phone as Cal called back from the kitchen, "Everything's all right. Nothing broken. Stay there. Almost ready."

"He sounds so nervous," Mom whispered.

I snickered, ignoring the nagging thoughts in my head. "He is," I said. "You wouldn't believe how nervous he was to meet you."

"Me? Why?"

"Honestly, I'm still trying to figure that one out myself." That was the truth. Why Mom's opinion of him should matter to him so baffled me. "Maybe it's because you're the reason I begged him to come home with me. I don't know. There's still a lot I'm learning about him."

"Well, he's reserved, Livy. Give him time."

I thought about the part of Cal's life he'd given up to me in the grocery store parking lot. How hard it had been for him to tell me of his life with Ian. "I am," I told her, and then I thought about how little time we had left. One day down, another almost gone already. How much time did I have left to give him? What else could he have time to tell me before our time was up? And what would I do with the information when our time was up?

when Don't contemplate it. Just concentrate on being with him. That's what Cal needs. It's what I kept trying to tell myself.

Don't contemplate it. Just concentrate on being with him. That's what Cal needs. "He's been through a lot, Mom," I said. "You have no idea how much he needed your welcome when we got here."

Mom righted a napkin. "I got that feeling about him." She looked up at me, took my hand. "I don't expect you to tell me anything. That's between the two of you, but I keep wondering... Has he gotten along well here? I know he's used to city life."

"No, Cal's good. He's been enjoying himself here, actually. A lot more than I thought he would."

"So, there's not been a problem with anything, or any one? "

one? I frowned. What was she talking about? Did someone tell her about what happened last night?

"Everything has been good so far."

"Your dad, maybe?"

"Believe it or not, Cal has Dad's seal of approval."

"Oh, good. I'm so glad to hear that."

"Mom, where is all this coming from?"

"I'm sure it's nothing but an overripe motherly instinct. Don't worry about it."

Don't worry, she said. Yeah, right. I never doubted Mom's intuition. I had seen and heard and experienced enough today to make me worry. The image of a billowy white shirt and flashy jewelry strapped into the driver's seat of one of the Gators; Cal's polite insistence that we spend the night at Mom's, and then his following confession; the wording of Dean's text message, not to mention his apparent persistence, up to and including bothering someone who he knew despised him. Dean must be desperate if he was dumb to tell Logan what to do. The man was courting suicide!

"Dinner is served, ladies." Cal walked into the dining room, beaming smile, white apron still wrapped around his delectable waistline, carrying two plain white plates. "Have a seat."

I had to make the worries go away. I wouldn't be able to function the rest of the night if I didn't.

Cal waited for the two of us to sit before he set the plates down.



"This looks amazing, Callum," Mom said, as Cal poured her a glass of wine.

"Thank you."

He called it Chicken Suprême (pronounced the French way, su-prem; no need to mention that Cal sounded super sexy saying it the French way, which gave me ideas for later in the evening when we were alone). As Cal explained it, "suprême" has to do with the cut of the meat, which is chicken breast with the first joint of the wing sticking out. I personally didn't get the point of a jutting wing bone sticking out of the top of the breast, but Cal said it gave the cut an elegant appearance. Who was I to argue? I wasn't the one going to culinary school.

The roast chicken breast he served over a bed of "champ." Drizzled sparsely over that was a reduction of pan juices. Beside it, sat a seasoned and roasted Portobello mushroom, ladled over with a white cream sauce. It not only looked like something right out of a gourmet restaurant, but it smelled wonderful, too.

Cal turned to pour my glass of wine. Something sparkled in his eyes when he looked at me. Fishing for a compliment maybe? No, not Cal. I guess I could have, but I didn't say anything. I let my eyes say what I could have said aloud. That he did good, that he wasn't just the sum of his past. It won me his silent appreciation and a kiss before he slipped back into the kitchen for his own plate.

Dinner went well. The food was awesome (Cal knew what he was talking about when it came to wine pairing), and the conversation was good. Mom asked all the right questions, the kind he couldn't dodge with vague truths, and in the process, I learned a few things about Cal.

"Where did you learn to cook, Callum? In the States or in Ireland?"

"A little of both, but mostly here. I had a mentor when I was younger, but I learned a lot on my own."

"Oh, come on. You had to have learned something from your mother. Was she a good cook, too?"

I watched Cal's face drop. It wasn't hugely noticeable, but I saw it. "From what I heard, she was. I wish I could have learned from her, but she passed when I was very young. I never really got a chance to know her."

Mom touched his hand. "I'm sorry to hear that, Callum."

She sent a curious look my way which essentially said how nice it would have been if I could have told her that beforehand. I knew, yes. Cal had told me at the airport in Phoenix that both of his parents were deceased, but he hadn't elaborated on his mother and what he told me about his father made me care less whether the man was dead or alive. And it was still new information for me, along with all the other things about Cal I was still trying to process. Hard to tell Mom all that, though. My curiosity was in Cal's response.

"Thank you. I have scant memories of her. The way she moved. Her singing to me. Things like that."

"I'm sure she was a good woman."

"She was. I wish I had more to hold onto, but that's the way of things."

He could have added that his father was a bastard, but he didn't. The man probably hadn't been the one to pass on the good information about Cal's mother. Made me wonder how he learned of her and from who. Now wasn't the time to ask. The conversation was moving on and I didn't feel as if I had anything to add. Mom was asking about Cal's schooling.

"I'm working toward an associate's degree in the culinary arts."

"How long have you been attending classes?"

"It's a two-year course and I'm hoping to graduate in December with my class."

"Are you going to try for a bachelors degree after you graduate?"



Cal gave a shake of his head. "Eh, maybe in the future. A bachelors degree is more for those looking to go into hospitality management. What I'm really hoping for is an entry-level position in a good restaurant after graduation, someplace where I can grow in the industry."

It was hard to pretend that I already had firsthand knowledge of everything Cal said. For two people supposedly dating seriously for several months, one side of the relationship should know and be able to speak of the other's lifelong pursuits and passions. How far would any relationship go without knowing that information? This is something Mom understood, for she kept sending obvious glances my way as Cal talked about where he wanted to go in life. Her glances were silent questions she didn't have to voice because I knew what they were. Why hadn't I told her about any of this? Why is she learning so much about Callum from Callum himself? I answered her with my own glances, which weren't answers at all. They were more like, Stop, Mom, I don't know.

Stop, Mom, I don't know. If there was a worst-part to all this, it was holding back the overwhelming flutter of excitement that grew in my breast as I listened to Cal. I wanted to reach for his hand underneath the table, to find an affirmation of what I was thinking in something as simple as his touch.

When he first told me he was attending culinary school, the surprise, coupled with the growing knowledge of what we were about to fake in front of my entire family, pretty much stunted my normal thought process. I hadn't been thinking about the future. I had been thinking about the present. Now, Cal was using phrases like graduation, entry-level position, grow in the industry. That's what someone says when they're planning to pull the lever that changes the direction of their track in life. Did growing in the food industry meant he wanted to leave the sex industry behind?

graduation, entry-level position, grow in the industry. I didn't want to feel that flutter of excitement. It meant I was hoping for something that wasn't there, and I had no cause to hope. I had no reason to think Cal would change the track of his life. For all I knew, he was attending culinary classes to further enhance his current profession. And even if that wasn't the case, it wasn't as if it meant anything for either of us. It meant he was doing something for himself, bettering himself. If there was anything I wanted more in the world for Cal, it was for him to make a better life for himself. He was too good a person to continue giving so much of his soul away to people who couldn't appreciate it.

After dinner, the conversation shifted to where Cal was professionally in his life. In other words, how was he paying for college?

By that point, we had congratulated Cal on the meal, cleared the table and moved into the living room with our glasses of wine. Mom took the armchair while Cal and I found the loveseat. I sat beside Cal, waiting to see if he would squirm, to see the sweat bead on his upper lip, the nervousness to eclipse him again, but he surprised me. He remained as calm as a cucumber.

"I'm self-employed, actually," was his answer. "I believe Livy told you that I'm in sales."

"Yes, she has. She tried to tell me you were an astronaut recently, but I knew better than to believe her."

Cal could have laughed, but he held it in reserve. It was the first indication that inside, nerves were still warring to get the better of him. To me, anyway. Mom would never have noticed it.

"No," Cal said, surely thinking of his fear of flying. "No astronaut here. This trade has nothing to do with outer space. It's more about inner space. The mind and the body."

"The health industry, you mean."

"Similar, but no. I'm a consultant, of a sort, in sexual health."

Mom's wine glass hovered before her mouth. "Oh."

Even as my stomach knotted, and my breath caught in my throat, Cal didn't bat an eye or stumble over his words. "What I do doesn't require any accreditation or doctorate, and it doesn't involve much in the way of salesmanship except for perhaps the personal services I offer."



The couch had opened up and I was sinking between the cushions. At least, that's what it felt like. Without any hesitation, Cal was about to explain his profession to my mother. I couldn't help but wonder how long he'd worked to perfect a politically correct depiction of what he did for a living. Would he come right out and say it, or would he hug so close to the truth that no one could rightly call it a lie?

Cal looked at me. For what? For his own affirmation? I don't know, but I glared back, and though I know my eyes must have asked a million questions, the most prominent one was, What the hell are you doing?

What the hell are you doing? Cal continued. "Essentially, I guide my clients, who are primarily women, on a personal level how to be comfortable with their sexuality, with sexual intimacy in general."

"Cal, don't..."

I don't know how I got the words out. I must have gripped Cal's hand tighter than I knew I was capable of, because he winced, let go of my hand and put his arm around me.

"It's all right, Livy."

I wish now that I hadn't interrupted him. I wish I had just put my trust in Cal's judgment, but at the time, I could only think that it wasn't all right. Revealing himself to me was one thing. I wanted it. I craved to know everything about him. Revealing himself to my mother was something else entirely because it meant revealing me at the same time. That scared me more than anything, more than us parting ways at the end of the week, more than expecting Mom's reaction to his confession to run the gamut of shock, dismay, and disgust by even that bit of political correctness.

I I Thankfully, Mom expressed only mere curiosity. She hadn't really caught onto what he was trying to tell her. When the house phone rang suddenly, God, if it hadn't felt like an answer to an unspoken prayer.

"Sorry," Mom said, looking disappointed to miss out on the story. The truth of her curiosity, however, lay in the raised eyebrow she directed toward me. "Let me get that."

As soon as she was out of earshot, Cal turned to me. "Livy, what's wrong?"

"What's wrong with me? Shouldn't you be asking yourself that question? Why are you telling her all of this?"

me? "Because," he said, sputtering out the beginning of different words, grabbing at them like straws until he found what he wanted to go with. "I really like your mother, Livy. I feel she's an open-minded person. She'll listen. She won't judge."

"You're freaking me out a little bit, Cal. What happened to the man who valued keeping his private life to himself?"

He squeezed my arm. "I'm still here, but I feel strongly that we should be honest with her."

"Honest about what? And to what end? Do you think she's just going to be okay with it? Like it's just something people do? No, she's not. I'm not okay with it. I hate it. I hate knowing that when this is over, you're just going to go back to it." I shrugged out of his arm. "I don't know how to do this, Cal. I don't know how to just be. "

I'm hate just be. Somewhere, in another part of the house, I had heard Mom say, "Hello." Now, I heard her coming back, the sound of her flats plopping across the kitchen tile. I wished Cal would say something, show me his anger as he had this morning or give me that grimace that said I had hurt him, anything , but he just stared at me with no more expression on his face than one who was daydreaming.

anything "Say something," I begged him as Mom stepped out of the kitchen. My bottom lip was quivering, my eyes filling up with tears that blurred his expressionless face from my vision.

"Livy, the phone is for you."

Anyone else would have asked, "Who is it?" But I didn't. I couldn't. I didn't even care. Just as Mom had called from the kitchen, Cal responded. He said something that I still can't wrap my thoughts around. They were just three stupid little words. I watched them form on his lips as I blinked the tears out of my eyes, and heard them come out of his mouth. Three stupid little words, "I love you."

"Livy?" Mom called.

"I heard you."

I don't know if I said it to Mom or to Cal. I couldn't have been more dazed if he had slapped me, and because of it I got up from the couch no better than a drunk woman. Cal reached out to steady me, but I was away from him, heading toward the kitchen and toward mom before he could. I should have asked Mom who it was when she handed me the cordless phone. I should have done a lot of things differently at that moment. As usual, though, I managed to screw up royally.

I went into the kitchen, put the cordless phone that Mom had left on the counter to my ear, which still rung with those three stupid little words. That's all they were. Just words. They couldn't have meant anything, right?

"Hello?"

I don't know who I expected to hear on the other line. Logan, maybe Baylor. Maybe nobody. Maybe God, giving me a chance to get my thoughts straight. I certainly wasn't expecting to hear Dean's voice.

"Olivia? It's me. I know you don't give a damn about what I have to say and I don't care, so you damn well better not hang up on me."

You have no idea how badly I wanted to hang up on him. I'd had enough surprises for one night. I didn't need whatever he might want to lay on me, as well.

"What do you want, Dean?"

"I'm worried about you."

I bit back the first thing I thought to say, and asked, "Why?"

"Because I've been hearing some very unsettling things."

I thought of his recent text message ( it's HIM I wanted to talk to you about ) and my anxiety rocketed to the moon. I walked to the hallway, as far away from the living room as I could. "What things? What are you talking about, Dean?"

it's HIM I wanted to talk to you about " HIM. The man you're seeing. He's not the person you think he is, Olivia."

HIM. And that's when I lost it.

"Listen, you son of a bitch, you gave up the right to be worried about me years ago. You walked out. You left me. And now, because I'm back in town and you're feeling nostalgic about what you gave up, I'm suddenly supposed to fall all over myself to get you back. Well, fuck you, Dean! You're jealous. That's all this is ab—"

"Olivia!"

"Olivia!" He was loud enough to shut me up. Never in the two years we spent together, had he ever had the courage to raise his voice to me. But that wasn't what shut me down. It was what he said next.

"This guy you like so much, that you think is so great . He's a male prostitute."





so great .





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 37




We were in bed, laying beside each other, face to face. It was dark. All was quiet. His breath was on my cheek. His hand was in my hair, gently smoothing the strands away from my face. I kept my eyes closed. His gentle touch was lulling me to sleep. I wanted him to think I was asleep because I didn't want to give him cause to speak.



wanted Sounds pretty mean, I know, but I have my reasons, which I'll expound upon later. It'll make more sense when I start making sense, I guess. Let me go back a bit (or forward from your perspective) to when I put Mom to bed. Hours ago now. I hope she was able to get some sleep.

I had tucked her in because she always liked that, but before I could tell her goodnight, she took my hand. "Are you all right, Livy?" she asked.

"I'm okay."

"What did Dean want?"

I think Mom knew something was up the second his phone call came through, but I didn't want to think about Dean, or what he wanted. I didn't then and I don't like thinking about it now. What he'd said still made me nauseous. It had been like having every muscle in my body pulled away from my bones and it left me cold.

I've been hearing some very unsettling things...I've been hearing...I've been hearing...He's not the person you think he is...

I've been hearing some very unsettling things...I've been hearing...I've been hearing...He's not the person you think he is... Hearing from who? Where Dean had gotten his information continued to be a rolling tumbleweed of thought in the back of my mind, but right then, the first words out of my mouth weren't, "Who the hell have you been speaking to?" In fact, I said nothing at first, because Dean had touched my heart.

"Who the hell have you been speaking to?" I don't mean that in the usual way. Dean had touched the most sensitive part of my heart, the part reserved only for protecting those I care most about. That word he used and said in the most contemptuous and derogatory of tones— prostitute. It still burned inside me. You know, like when you stub your toe, or you overhear someone badmouthing a family member even if you know everything they're saying is true. Even I used the word once! But what did I feel? Rage, instant and unexplainable.

prostitute. When Dean said that word, it touched off a firestorm inside of me.

"And he's still a better person than you'll ever be," I'd said.

Maybe you think my response sounds like more of a brushfire, and maybe it does, but I think my ice cold response got my point across. He came back with, "You mean you already know?" There had been a hint of disgust in his voice, the kind I had worried to see on Mom's face.

"You're damn right I already know, and if you do anything, I mean anything , to hurt Cal, I will make you regret it, Dean. Do you understand me?"

anything I wasn't the one to hang up. I had wanted an answer out of him. Even though I was burning up and could have physically attacked him had he stood right in front of me, I wanted him to swear he would never speak a word, but he had nothing more to say. Dean hung up on me long before I could bring the wildness of my thoughts in order enough to wonder how he found out.

I told none of this to Mom, though. I simply smirked and said, "He was being Dean."

That wasn't an answer. Mom's frown said so.

"He's just jealous, Mom."

"Of Callum?"

"Of Cal. Of me. I don't know. He hasn't had much nice to say about Cal since he met him."

"That's understandable. He still cares about you." She squeezed my hand then, and said, "But this isn't all about Dean, is it?" Mom had seen through me, past my barriers and into my silence. "Are you angry with Callum for being honest with me?"



I don't know what they discussed while I was on the phone with Dean. They had gone quiet when I walked back into the living room. I wanted to believe they changed the track of the conversation because of the fire that continued to burn in red patches on my cheeks and neck, but I wasn't sure. I'm still not sure, and whatever Mom was going to say next had me shaking inside.

"Don't be angry with him," she said, rubbing the back of my hand—her method of soothing when she sensed agitation in me. "It's a very common practice nowadays."

That did not compute. "What? What is? What are you talking about?"

"Surrogate partner therapy. I saw a documentary about it on TV once, and there was that movie...what was it called? You know, the one with that actress I like, Helen Hunt."

"I don't remember."

It was all I could think to say. I couldn't say where or how that idea planted itself in her mind. Cal? Or had Mom made sense of what he told her in her own way? I hadn't cared to clarify, either. I preferred to believe she misunderstood Cal's meaning.

"I hope you weren't worried that he would offend me, Livy. You know I'm not judgmental in things like that."

"I know."

"Your father, on the other hand, you probably shouldn't tell him."

Never. Not in a million years. I would never tell Dad the truth about Cal's past, or even anything as close to this fabricated truth Mom made up, not even if Cal got down on one knee and proposed and we later had a passel of kids. No! The idea of me plodding along with a watermelon belly was just as atrocious! And Cal asking me to marry him just as unbelievable.

Mom saw my widened eyes and the color on my cheeks, but she saw something else in my inability to look her in the eyes. "Cal's profession bothers you, doesn't it? Is that why you didn't tell any of us about him right away?"

How close to the truth she'd hit, enough to hurt. I leaned down and kissed her forehead one more time, so she wouldn't read anything else in me. "I'd rather not talk about it. Okay? Goodnight, Mom."

I went to leave, but she wouldn't let go of my hand. A sudden concern had transformed her face, but it wasn't an unfamiliar one. It was the face of a mother. "Is that how the two of you met? Were you one of his clients?"

Hearing Mom say the word "client" hit me in all the wrong places. "No," I said, pulling my hand from hers so I could get away. My denial showed more feeling than it probably should have, and Mom saw right through me. I've never been any good at hiding what I feel. Logan's right. I can't lie to save my life.

"No," "Oh my God, Livy. Why didn't you tell me? You know you can talk to me about anything."

Tears had begun to run down my cheeks in tiny rivers, and that was when I knew I'd had to end the conversation. It was too much and too close to the truth to be anything but mortifying all over again. So, I kissed her one more time, told her how much I loved her, but that I was going to bed. Of course, I felt horrible. Mom would have trouble going to sleep and all because I'd led her to believe something that wasn't a lie and yet wasn't the truth. She had it mostly figured out by herself. I didn't have to tell her a thing. She might have it slightly off skew, but she had enough to formulate an equal perception of the truth.

I didn't go back into the guest bedroom until I was reasonably sure I had cleared my cheeks of all traces of crying and dabbed at my eyes with a cold cloth in the kitchen. Cal was getting ready for bed when I forced myself to walk in. I could hear water running in the bathroom and he was sitting on the edge of the bed taking off his shoes. I watched him set them neatly next to mine the way he had in the hotel room our first night. They still looked strangely good right there.



He looked up at me. "I'm sorry if I upset you earlier."

You might be thinking (and Cal had probably thought it, too) that I would be apprehensive to be alone with him, after such an off-the-cuff, out-of-the-blue, totally out-of-left-field, didn't-make-any-sense confession on Cal's part. And I was, a lot . I actually found it kind of hard to look him in the eyes. At his hands, his stockinged feet, the pleat in his pants, anything but in his eyes. He couldn't possibly have meant those three stupid little words the way, oh God, the way they're meant to be meant. He hadn't spent enough time with me to be in... I mean, to mean what he said. Maybe he meant that he loved my honesty and it came out wrong. That had to be it.

a lot "It's okay." The opposite showed in the protective way I wrapped my arms around myself. Cal could see it.

"No, it's not," he said. I glanced at him. He wasn't looking directly at me either. "I'm imposing on you too much."

"Don't say that, Cal. I'm trying. I really am. It's just...since this morning you've been moving so fast for me, I don't know how to take it."

A corner of his mouth raised. It wasn't exactly a smile. "It's not your fault. I'm asking too much of you, putting a weight on you that wasn't meant to be there."

Hearing him say that scared me. My chest hurt.

"What are you trying to say?"

He opened his mouth, took a deep breath to say something of importance, and then shook the thought away as one that shouldn't be spoken. I had never seen him so ambivalent, stumbling for words, rubbing his palms together. "Just that I should have discussed it with you beforehand. There wasn't an opportunity, and I felt this overwhelming need to let your mother see me for who I am."

"You did, Cal."

He shook his head again. "She saw something else."

I closed the space between us, stood between his parted legs and touched my hands to both sides of his face. I made him look up at me for a change. "She may have misunderstood what you were trying to tell her, but it doesn't matter. She saw you , Callum. Nothing else but you. That's all she needs to see."

you I still don't think he fully believed me, but he'd been grateful to hear it just the same. I knew in the way he pulled me closer, in the soft kiss he placed on my chest (right where it hurt) when he pulled me toward him, and in the tight grip of his arms around my waist.

I had hoped he would talk to me then, that he would tell me what the hell was going through his head, but he just held onto me as if the wind might blow me away. He seemed to need the comfort the way he had needed Mom's welcome. I never would have guessed it when I first met him. Cal had appeared so self-assured, without a care in the world. Nothing could have ever ruffled his feathers, not in my eyes at the time. I realize now what he had been trying to show me the last few days—the real Cal, his true self, the man with more broken pieces than my heart. He became so real to me when he laid his head to my chest that I officially, once and for all banished the gigolo from my mind. Cal was all there was, and I gave him every comfort I could. I rubbed his back, ran my fingers through his hair, kissed the top of his head. I needed him to know that, no matter what, I was going to stand by him. No one was going to so much as think about bringing him harm and not have me to answer to. Cal practically purred in response.

We could have stayed in each other's arms forever, I think, but the sound of still running water eventually intruded. "I almost forgot," Cal said and stood.

Taking my hand, he said "come with me" and took me into the bathroom with him. The water I'd heard had been a filling tub. The bathroom was steaming with its heat. I almost couldn't see the freestanding tub overflowing with bubbles beneath the window. Cal must have found the scented bubble bath Mom kept on hand. He'd even lit a few candles, just like our first night together.



I could have brought it up, asked him about it, but I applauded his effort instead. "I knew you were a romantic at heart."

He smiled and spun the old-timey flower-shaped spigot and shut off the water. We were both avoiding the elephant in the room, though, weren't we? You know, the three stupid words he probably hadn't meant to say and that I probably hadn't heard anyway. Cal obviously wasn't going to repeat them, nor was I going to force the subject out into the open. Not hard for me to avoid really when you think about it. Pretty easy, in fact. Cal had begun to undress me.

He'd taken the edge off most of my self-image fears simply by the way he looked at me, but a few still lingered. When he lifted my shirt over my head and reached around for the clasps of my bra, I was hesitant for him to remove it. That old familiar insecurity creeping up on me, I guess.

Cal's lips brushed mine. "I thought we were passed this. Where's my Livy from last night?"

"She's not always that brave," I said, holding the bra to my chest.

"But she is always that beautiful." His hands moved from my shoulders to my neck and up to my face where he brought a tender, but heated kiss to my lips, enough to loosen the grip I held on the bra, to reach for him.

My bra hit the floor. From there, I knew no boundaries. Nothing between us but air, and I quickly closed that gap, wrapping my arms around him, crushing my body into his, basking in his warmth and drinking in the taste of him. So what if I had to reach up onto my tiptoes. So what if he dwarfed me. We were the final two puzzle pieces on the board that no one would have ever thought should go together, but we did. We fit perfectly. The only obstacle came in the form of clothing, so I pulled the hem of his dress shirt out of the waistband of his trousers, unbuckled his belt and started to carefully work the buttons of his shirt one at a time. Shirt off, I let my hands roam over a chest and abdomen sculpted as intricately as one of Mom's pieces, placing soft kisses across ginger-white skin and in the hollow of his throat.

My mind roamed, too, while Cal freed the button from my jeans and loosened the zipper. I kept thinking what my life would be like to not have this anymore, to not have Cal. Two days we've spent completely in each other's company. Two days , dammit. That's it. No more. Well maybe, you could tack on four hours and one evening sharing a meal, as well as a chance five-minute encounter inside a theatre. But it wasn't enough, not nearly enough time to believe that when this was all over we would go our separate ways as we had at the end of our first night. It would kill me to ever again hear Cal tell me to "have a nice life."

Two days His hands slid into my jeans and over my hips, his touch threatening to block out every negative thought. I did forget about them, temporarily, with each gentle raindrop fall of his lips onto my skin. It'll be okay, I told myself as Cal helped me shuck the jeans that had clung to me like a second skin. Stop worrying about what might happen two days from now and enjoy the moment. And I listened. I didn't think about the three stupid little words. I concentrated on the final three obstacles that kept the rest of his body from me—the loose belt, the clasp and zipper that held his trousers on his hips. I didn't think about the future. I thought about the shape of Cal's body, the flat belly and the V-line that started at his hips and worked its way down into the waistband of his boxers. I ran my hands along its path, feeling for the treasure at the end and finding it. Cal exhaled, his eyes closed, his face close to mine, reveling in the touch of my fingers around him, but he didn't allow me there for long.

It'll be okay, Stop worrying about what might happen two days from now and enjoy the moment. Our clothes finally in a jumble on the floor at our feet, Cal lifted me into his arms as he had the first time. He stepped into the tub, settling us carefully into the bubbles and the heat, taking my breath away in an instant. I acclimated quickly, however, and reached down for him again.



Cal caught my hand. "Don't."

"Why?" I said, breathless from his kisses. "And don't say this isn't about you."

He smiled at the memory. "Wasn't thinking it."

"Then what's wrong?" I parted the bubbles on the surface of the water. "Are we having manly problems?"

"It's not that, you silly woman." I didn't know it was possible for a man to scold flirtatiously. Cal must have cornered the market. "I didn't bring any condoms."

I must have displayed my disappointment rather vividly, for Cal broke into a chuckle. "Why the hell not?" I asked.

"Because we're in your mother's house. It would be disrespectful, Livy."

"Oh, it doesn't matter. I had to listen to her and Dad doing it in their room at night when I was a teenager. She won't mind, I promise."

"But I would."

"Oh my God, you're serious, aren't you?"

He nodded, planting a wet hand on one side of my face and bringing his lips to my forehead.

"You're too noble, Cal." I watched him shrug with his eyebrows as if to say, Oh well . "What was the point of working me up, then?"

Oh well "I wasn't the one doing the working. That was you. All I wanted to do was ease the stress I've put on you today." He wouldn't look at me when he said the latter. He'd brought his lips once again to my forehead, let his kisses trail to my temple and down the side of my face to that space beneath my ear he favored.

I twisted away from him. I had begun to feel it in places he wasn't going to touch. Besides, he was worrying me. "I hope you don't think because of what you told me about your time with Ian, that I wouldn't—"

"No, of course, not," he said. "Honestly, after last night and this morning, I thought you might like the reprieve."

"I might be a teensy bit sore," I said, bringing my body closer to his. "Doesn't mean I don't want you."

Arms around his neck, one leg over his hip, I pressed myself against him. He was warmer than the water, his lips a tempting morsel. I nipped at his bottom lip, pulling, sucking, and then slipping my tongue between them, tasting of him. He was sweet with wine. I wanted him so bad. I wanted him inside me, natural, without the protective layer of latex between us. I wanted the thought-obliterating power of his sex hard and fast between my legs. Cal's response said he wanted the same thing.

Thank God he stopped me.

"I think I created a monster," he said with a husky laugh, pushing away from me.

"Are you sure you don't have one hidden in your bag?" I reached for him and he pushed away again.

"I'm sure. Do you mind if I'm the dominant one for tonight?"

I giggled, wanting more, needing more, but gave him his space. "Okay, fine. Then, what do we do? Wash each other's hair?"

needing "That would be nice, but we could also..." Cal turned, reached over his side of the tub, and produced the Irish whiskey we had bought at the grocery store and two small glasses from the kitchen. "...drink a little whiskey."

He held the glass out to me, filled it once I took it, filled his own, then set the bottle back on the floor.

"What are we drinking to?" I asked, the glass hovering patiently at my lips.

Loaded question, I know, especially after everything that had happened today. Hell, Cal knew. I could tell by the way his brows drew together, but then he looked away from me, down into his glass. He seemed to be giving the question serious thought. When he looked back at me, I saw the same daydreaming expression he'd had on his face right before he said the three stupid little words I hadn't really heard.



"To right now," he said, his voice heavy and thick with an emotion that didn't show on his face. "May it never end."

My heart gave the tiniest of flutters, a miniscule palpitation, enough to hitch the breath in my throat. Cal kicked his drink back and downed it all in one swallow. So did I. It burned going down, and I think that was the point. A contract sealed by fire. But it kickstarted my heart back into its usual rhythm. I grimaced through the burn and lost myself in the warmth going down into my center. Cal was filling our glasses again when I opened my eyes. I wanted to say something as profound, to agree with him, to hold him and tell him I never wanted to let him go, but it didn't come out that way.

"That's a sweet notion, Cal, but if right now never ends, I'm going to prune up like an old lady."

He narrowed his eyes at me. "Don't ruin it with a joke." I thought he might be mad, but then he kissed me sweet and tender, forcing an apology from me he didn't hesitate to accept.

We downed our second round. Cal started in on a third.

"Are we getting drunk?"

"How about pleasantly plastered?"

I smiled. "Sounds good to me. I haven't gotten plastered in years."

"When was the last time?"

"Oh..." I watched the amber drink slosh around in my glass. "...when Dean broke up with me."

" He broke up with you ? What a fuckin' gobshite!"

He you I did a Logan-spit and giggled into his chest. Two shots and the alcohol was getting to me already. "What?"

"Sorry, mot."

I was downing my third shot, feeling the blast of warmth hit my gut when I giggled out the second word he'd used, "Mot?" Cal didn't answer. He reached for the bottle again and filled my glass.

"Whiskey brings the Irish out in me. I meant, what an idiot. He must have been to leave you."

I snuggled next to him, head on his shoulder, loving his praise of my character to believe any man would be stupid to walk out on me, and yet thinking he still hadn't quite come to know me well. Spend a couple of months with me, Cal, instead of a couple of days. I promise you'll be running for the hills. Maybe that's why he wanted to get me drunk, to bring out the true Livy Morton, the one who doesn't bottle up everything, to get me talking. That was until I remembered who's idea it was to get drunk. Cal was only giving me what I asked for, minus the wild thing (insert sad face emoji here). The warmth of the water, of the alcohol and of him were apt to make me about as pleasantly plastered as I could take. And for a change, I didn't seem to have a problem with it.

Spend a couple of months with me, Cal, instead of a couple of days. I promise you'll be running for the hills. I pushed Cal's glass toward his lips. "Have another shot, Cal, and talk dirty to me in Irish slang."

He laughed, but complied, then went quiet for a second or two, arm around me, kissing my forehead. "I'd assumed you'd broken up with him. What happened?"

I mumbled something intentionally incoherent.

"Say again."

"I don't want to talk about Dean." I didn't want to think about him, either. Thinking about Dean made me think about what he said, and I didn't want to think about that at all.

"I told you about Ian," Cal said, sitting up, the water sloshing around us, so that he could look me in the face. I'd heard a smidge of reprimand in his tone. "You can tell me about Dean."

Three shots of whiskey had me feeling incredibly lightheaded, but my memories of Dean were clear as a bell. Not because they were bad. They had been good for the most part despite our rather tame relationship.



"There's not much to tell."

"Do you love him?"

I looked into his eyes, made him see me. "I did. We were together for two years, Cal. Before the first year was up, though, we were like an old married couple. There wasn't a lot of spark in our relationship, but I did love him. And then I messed things up when Mom and Dad got divorced."

did. "You? How?"

"I was trying to block out the hurt by concentrating on my studies, on my career, and in the process, I sort of put Dean on the back burner. I shut him out, I guess."

"I've noticed you do that." When I looked at him in question, he clarified. "Shut people out. Hold what you feel in."

"That's why I don't make for good girlfriend material."

"Bollocks."

I tried not to laugh. "It's true."

"Not true." He kissed my nose. "You act the maggot sometimes, mot, but..." He kissed my lips when I gave into a snicker. Where did he come up with this stuff? "...but most times you're open and generous to a fault, the way you were with me this afternoon. That's probably why he wants you back."

I looked back down at my empty glass. "Dean and I were over before we were over. He gave up on me. I don't have time for people who give up on me."

"But you still have feelings for him."

My eyes shot back up. "No."

"No?"

"I care about him, yes. But romantic feelings? No." Those were reserved for Cal. That very thought dangled off the end of my tongue. I wanted to say it, but as Cal said, my own personal fears kept them in place. "I was being a maggot parading you in front of him, and I hurt him. I felt bad about it. I guess if I have any 'feelings for him,' it's for what we used to be because if we were anything, we were good friends."

being a maggot That night, Dean effectively ruined whatever friendship we still had left.

"And if he told you he still loves you? If he promised you—"

I shut Cal up with a kiss and took him into my arms. The empty shot glass dangled from my fingers, nearly forgotten in my haste to tell him with my caresses what I couldn't say with speech—that Dean couldn't promise me anything that would make me want him more than Cal. I broke from him, but Cal pulled me back and deepened our connection, his kiss wrought with such desire and emotion it made me second guess our need to be cautious. Just as I was ready to give in to whatever Cal wanted, he pulled away from me with a heavy breath.

I looked up to see him smiling down at me.

"You are sweet, mot."

Another flutter. Another palpitation. "Is mot short for maggot?"

He shook his head and grinned. "It's a term of endearment."

"Like babe?"

"Better than babe."

"I like mot."

Cal looked into my eyes for seconds that felt like little eternities, finger tracing my brow down to my jawline. "I like my mot, too." I thought he would kiss me again, but then he reached behind him for the bottle again and hovered it over my glass. "Go for four?"

I held out my glass. "Four." I hadn't wanted it to end either.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

By the fifth shot, I was more than pleasantly plastered. Cal didn't seem worried that I'd had too much to drink this time. This wasn't the kind of drunk that left holes in your memory, but it was enough to blot out the present worries. I let myself feel good with Cal and with his hands washing my hair and bathing my body. He let me return the gesture this time even though my muscles were like liquid (in a good way). I remember how he laughed when I couldn't quite squeeze the shampoo dead center into the palm of my hand. He had to help me. But I got to wash his hair, dammit, and that was the best part.

Cal had wanted to go for a sixth shot. I'm glad I declined. Any more and I might have ended up too wasted to remember that night. I never want to forget it. I never want to forget the careful way he helped me out of the tub and dried me off, or how he shagged the towel so vigorously over my head my hair stood up in all directions, or the delicate way he carried me to bed. Maybe it's the Irish in him, or maybe he does really know how to handle his liquor, but the whiskey hadn't hit Cal as hard as it hit me. He never stumbled once on the short journey from the bathroom to the bed. He even had the wherewithal to pull back the blankets, scoot me under them, and turn off the lights after he'd scooted in himself.

We were cuddling in each other's arms when I felt my caution weaken again. My whiskey-addled head felt like two tons of brick, but I could still kiss his lips, his chin, his neck, and my hands could still roam the contours of his body. I opened my legs to receive him, burning with my need for him, but Cal grounded me with a hand to my hip, holding me away from him.

"Fuck me, Cal," I groaned into his ear. "Please."

"Please." My memory is a little dodgy here. The whiskey had done a number on me, but I'm pretty sure that's how I said it. Writing it down now brings a flush to my cheeks, not from arousal but embarrassment. God, I sounded like an idiot! No, like a gobshite! But mostly, I'm embarrassed because I thought I was being urbane and sexy. Turned out, I wasn't. Cal hadn't liked it at all.

"I don't want to, Livy."

I moaned like a child not getting her way. "But I want you. I want you so bad." I tried to press myself against him for a reaction and he pushed me farther away.

"No," he whispered, his voice calm but disdainful. "Fucking is for people who don't give a shit about each other. Fucking is what I do for a living. I don't want to fuck you, Livy. You weren't made for that and I care too much for you to do that to you."

I stared breathlessly into his eyes and I saw something there in the dark, beading in his eyes from a streetlamp coming through the window. It mirrored his thoughts. Before the whiskey, I hadn't wanted to hear it. Those were a confusing jumble of words that made little sense to me. After five shots of the stuff, those three stupid little words weren't stupid anymore. They were simply I love you . Profound words full of meaning, full of Cal's heart, and I wanted to hear them over and over, but he would not speak them. Not again. Even in my state, however, I would not beg them of him. I kissed him, shutting myself up before I begged him anyway.

I love you "Then make love to me, Cal."

I think he would have. Condoms be damned. He would have plunged deep inside me without any hesitation, without any fear of the act of unprotected sex. But he didn't. It wasn't the fear of STD's or even that he might knock me up (I've never gone through any fertility tests, but based on the strength of my periods, I'm as fertile as Mom's vegetable garden). Cal and I were now two people who gave a shit about one another. He was beginning to sense the same thing I was—our little fling had turned into something more substantial, something with meaning, and where I wanted to sate all my desire for him before our time was up, he wanted to cool our heat, to break away from it before it was over.



Day after tomorrow, with Mom's exhibit and the flurry of the after party, this would all come to an end. We would go back to Sacramento, back to our separate lives, and this thing we had found would be over.

thing Cal pushed me away again, but not before he kissed my forehead. That wasn't where I wanted him to return my kiss.

"Hush now, mot," he whispered and closed my eyes, pushing back the wet hair that had plastered to the side of my face. "It's late. It's been a long day and you need your rest."

Now that I've made some sense of tonight, I think I can start over, and be clearer than I was at the beginning.

It was dark. All was quiet. My eyes were closed. All I could sense was Cal's breath on my cheek and his hand in my hair, gently smoothing the strands away from my face. His gentle touch was lulling me to sleep. I did have a long day, full of more than enough bullshit for one whiskey-flooded brain to mull over. I let my thoughts be of Cal—his touch, the clean smell of him, the warmth of his body next to mine—while I pictured in my mind how he might be looking at me right now because his unceasing touch said he was wide awake. Such scrutiny would have melted me into a puddle when we first met. Now, it felt comfortable. It felt right. It felt safe. I didn't want to be anywhere else.

"Livy?"

"Hmm."

"Who was that on the phone earlier?"

I frowned, squirmed unhappily. I didn't want to think about that.

"Tell me who it was." He spoke in hushed tones, like one standing on the edge of a cliff, in awe of the natural beauty around him.

"Just Dean."

"What did he say to you?"

"It's not important, Cal."

"He upset you. What'd he say?"

"Nothing. He's just jealous."

I slurred my words a bit, both intentionally and unintentionally. Sleep was taking over, but I wanted Cal to think I was asleep because I didn't want to give him cause to continue speaking. I just wanted him to hold me. I cuddled into his arms, put my head on his chest and listened to the gentle rhythm of his heartbeat.

I remember thinking just before sleep enveloped its dark fingers around my brain, that Cal's heartbeat was the most beautiful sound in the world. It sent me into a dreamland where our time together could never come to an end, but where Cal still asked me questions about Dean, and I still wondered how Dean found out about Cal.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





I woke up alone again the next morning. Sunlight wasn't digging into my eyes the way it had yesterday. It was up there but subdued. An overcast morning. I had totally forgotten about the weather over the last two days. I hadn't checked, much less forecasted. For the first time in a long time, I had no idea what it had in store for the rest of the week.

I rolled over. Cal's side of the bed was empty. The bathroom door was wide open, and the bedroom door was open a crack. I could hear soft voices coming from the front of the house. He must have just gotten up. Strange for me to be the late riser again, but then again, my temples were pinging. The damn whiskey. What the hell made me think I could drink like that?

Oh yeah. Cal.

The whole night started washing over me. It made my head hurt worse. Those three little words were starting to feel like three big words again, squeezed into a shrinking head. That damn Irishman, too, and his cute little term of endearment. What was it again? Mot? What the hell did that even mean? I reached for my phone on the bedside table, pressed the home button. I was thinking of going straight to a search engine and typing in "Irish slang mot" just to see what I'd find but forgot that I'd powered my phone off last night after Logan's text.

I powered it back on and wished I hadn't. These are the notifications that popped up, one right after the other (the reoccurring dings sounding like the bell on the Titanic when the lookout spotted the iceberg):

Logan: Okay, so don't text me back. :(

Okay, so don't text me back. :( A missed phone call from Baylor.

Half an hour later, Logan again, On second thought, text me back. Right away!

On second thought, text me back. Right away! Then, not two minutes after Logan's text, I got one from Baylor: Getting outta this fukin house! Going stay with Liam. Call me. I know it's extremely odd for a nineteen-year-old, but Baylor never said the f-word unless he was extremely pissed.

Getting outta this fukin house! Going stay with Liam. Call me. never A missed phone call from Logan, several missed phone calls from Dad, then a text from Dad that read, Call me, ASAP. Then, finally, Logan again, at around eight o'clock this morning (it was after nine now): I'm on my way. Picking you up before we go ANYWHERE with Linda. Got some serious shit to talk about.

Call me, ASAP. I'm on my way. Picking you up before we go ANYWHERE with Linda. Got some serious shit to talk about. By the time I'd gotten to Logan's second text, I was sitting up in bed so fast my head was spinning and pounding from a latent hangover. What the hell was going on?





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : The movie Livy's mother talks about is a 2012 film called The Sessions with Helen Hunt, John Hawkes, and William H. Macy.

Author's Note Author's Note : The movie Livy's mother talks about is a 2012 film called The Sessions with Helen Hunt, John Hawkes, and William H. Macy. The Sessions





Part Five - "That Girl is Poison..."





I threw on the first thing I could find in my bag. A t-shirt and a pair of shorts. No bra. No underwear. Just worry on my face and a cell phone in my hand. Not one ounce of bravery lived in me to call Baylor or Dad. The safest, the most rational person to call (and believe me, I actually gave this a shitload of thought before I walked out of the bedroom) was Logan. She was the only one I could trust to give me the unfiltered truth.





I was dialing Logan's number when I crossed the kitchen into the living room, phone to my ear. The first thing I spied was Cal and Mom sitting on the couch, each with a cup of coffee and a smile on their face. Mom was her usual bright self in mismatched but comfortably colored scrubs that would only ever suit her. Cal, however, had dressed in black slacks and a grey button-up shirt, tones I associated with one area of his life. The suit coat I'd watched him take from the closet yesterday was draped over an armchair. He looked like a man about to jet out and catch a flight. I think that's why my heart took a second to be sure it still worked.

Cal was the first one to see me standing there, hair a mess, rumpled clothes, and probably pale from a pounding hangover. I must have looked a fright because his smile dropped as soon as he saw me.

"What's wrong, Livy?" he asked, and everyone else turned to look at me.

Yep, that's right. Everyone else. Cal was setting his cup down and getting to his feet, but there's no way he would have made it to me in time. Not with the coffee table in his way, and a ringing phone that made us all jump, and two little blonde beauties who took after their mamma squirmed past him crying, "Auntie Ollie!"

It wasn't until then that I saw Logan sitting on the couch across from Mom and Cal. It was her phone that had rang because I was the one ringing it. Logan followed behind her girls, blocking Cal's further progression, with an overly effervescent, "Hey! Good morning, sleepyhead!" and a look on her face that said fake it, fake it, for God's sake, fake it.

fake it, fake it, for God's sake, fake it. So, I threw on a smile even though I looked like hell, and faked it. The girls hit me right at the same time. Jordan and Parker helped me to fake it better than anything I could have done on my own. You heard me right. Jordan and Parker. Logan wasn't exactly imaginative in the baby-naming department. Troy had been hoping for sons and Logan thought it would be cute to give honor to that by giving them boy names like her mother had given her. They were about a year apart, which put one at five and the other at six-years-old, but those two had enough oomph between the two of them to nearly topple me to the ground.

I gave my girls good morning hugs and kisses, knowing Cal waited in the wings. I hadn't gotten to spend much time with them at the birthday party, so I through in all my love into those few seconds, expounding upon how they had grown since I last saw them and letting them tell me about all their accomplishments during the time I'd been away.

"Okay, okay, you little turkeys," Logan said to them, swatting their behinds. "Go see your Granny for breakfast."

To which Mom quickly responded, "Oh, don't call me Granny," as she took the girls into the kitchen.

"Hurry up, Ollie. Get dressed, because it's girls' day out today!"

Logan said it in a singsong way, but it did nothing to improve my mood. I had forgotten all about Linda's little idea. A hundred little worry bubbles popped into my head, some with images (a John Deere Gator and flashy rings), some with text (... before we go ANYWHERE with Linda...) , some with voices ("This guy you like so much, that you think is so great.. ."). It was a struggle to keep faking it.

before we go ANYWHERE with Linda...) so great.. "Oh yeah," I told her with none of the gusto I wanted to muster.

Logan, however, was the queen of faking it, because I knew she was no more excited about spending the day with Linda than she would have been with the idea of being skinned alive.



"Don't sound so excited, Ollie," Logan said, plopping hands on her hips that told me she was playacting. "What's not to be excited about? You. Me. The girls. The mall. We're gonna have a blast!"

Cal finally made his way to me. Concern still altered his features, but he'd subdued it as well as I had. "Girls' day out?" he asked, leaning in to kiss the side of my mouth. It made me worry less about his clothing choices.

"I didn't tell you?"

"I think you might have mentioned something about it yesterday, but I guess I forgot."

I couldn't remember if I'd told him about it or not, but that wasn't the most troubling part. You heard what I heard, right? Logan didn't mention Linda. Not her name. Not that this was her idea. Nothing. Zip. Zilch. Nada. Zero. Ixnay on the Indalay (and for those of you who don't speak Pig Latin, that's 'nix on the Linda.') I could put my foot in my mouth, force Logan to give me ten kinds of hell once we were alone, and ask, "Why isn't Linda coming?" But that would have been stupid. To say her name would have been like conjuring the proverbial fly in the ointment, and it didn't help that my pounding headache was keeping me from even remembering if I had mentioned to Cal of Linda's hand in the girls'-day-out idea to begin with.

I was beginning to have what Logan and I liked to call "a Han Solo moment." I had a bad feeling about this.

"I was hoping we could spend the day together," Cal said, and the disconcerted frown lingering on his brow wasn't making me feel any better.

Logan saw it, too. "Don't work yourself into a tizzy, Loverboy. We have a girls' day every time Ollie comes back home."

I didn't like the tone of Logan's voice, either. Lightly laced with cynicism. Not enough to kill, but enough to make you feel it. And Cal felt it. The flirty Logan from the birthday party wasn't the same Logan here this morning. This was the Logan who usually only appeared when Dean was around. I didn't fail to give her the undercover stink eye.

Cal managed to ignore our unspoken banter. "That's fine. I'm just worried about Livy. You don't look like you're feeling well. Are you sure you want to head out?"

"I'm a smidge hung over," I told him, appreciating his concern, but worried he had another reason for not wanting me to leave. "I should be okay, though. Most of the time we just watch movies or sit around doing our nails."

"But not today," Logan said, taking my arm and pulling me away from Cal and toward the back of the house. "Today we're spending money. I promise, Loverboy, I'll bring her back in one piece."

"Logan," Mom called. "Be nice."

Her girls giggled and the eldest reiterated, "Yeah, mamma. Be nice!"

Cal laughed with the girls, but I saw the tiniest hint of irritation in the clenching of his jaw. He knew something was up as well as I did. Thank God for my intuitive mother. She always had a remedy for any problem (any problem except for her marriage, that is).

"Cal," she said. "Why don't you come with me to the gallery this morning? I could use the help setting up, and it'll give us a chance to get to know one another better."

He considered it for a second, looking at me, and then, as though he were mentally shrugging off every worry, he smiled and nodded. "Sure, I'd like that."

They got to talking then, Cal's attention drawn to Mom, asking her if any of the pieces in the house were a part of the exhibit, to which Mom answered, "No. I already have everything on site."

"Come on, Ollie," Logan said. "Let's get you dressed."

I let her pull me down the hallway, but not before I caught a glimpse of Cal absentmindedly stroking the top of Jordan's head as he spoke to Mom. He wasn't thinking about it. He was just doing it, like one who was incredibly used to having children around. I couldn't imagine that he ever spent much time around children, and yet it came so naturally to him. Jordan wasn't minding it one bit. In fact, she smiled up at him, trying to share a bit of her waffle breakfast. He smiled back at her, but I never got to see if he accepted the offer. Logan had pulled me out of view, down the hall, and into the guest bedroom.

I hardly let her close the door before I pounced on her. "What the hell is going on, and why are you being so snooty to Cal?"

"I wasn't," she said, visually ignoring me as she rummaged in my bag for something to dress me in.

"You're such a liar!" She pulled out a shirt and a pair of jeans, continuing to ignore me. I grabbed her by the arm and turned her around. "Logan, tell me what's going on. And don't say it's 'nothing' or I swear to God..."

"Oh, it isn't nothing. Some serious shit hit the fan last night, but we're not talking about it here."

"No, no way. You tell me now."

She sighed, rolled her eyes up to God as if asking for support. "What do you know?"

"Just that Baylor left the house last night pissed and he wanted me to call him. Dad wanted me to call him, and Dean wouldn't leave me alone. Even Cal was acting weird." I didn't bother mentioning he seemed just as weird this morning. "Don't do this to me, Logan. You know I can't handle stuff like this."

Dad She tried to reassure me, hands on my shoulders, but the wary look in her eyes was making me nervous. "Look, we have to pick up CSR in an hour. Just get dressed. We'll grab the girls and go, and we can talk on the way."

"I don't get it. Why are we bringing the girls?"

"Because." For the first time since I laid eyes on her this morning, Logan gave me a truly happy smile. "Linda hates kids."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : Part Five image by Zhen Hu on Unsplash.

Author's Note : Part Five image by Zhen Hu on Unsplash. Author's Note Part Five title taken from the 2001 song Poison by Bell Biv DeVoe .

Part Five title taken from the 2001 song Poison by Bell Biv DeVoe . Poison





Chapter 39





It only took about twenty minutes to get to the ranch from Mom's, so as we backed out of the driveway, Logan encouraged the girls to pop in their headphones. She would provide them with all the Disney distraction their little hearts could possibly desire, in order for the two of us to talk. I was wishing I could enjoy the distraction of cartoons with them instead of having to worry about Cal being alone with Mom and what they would talk about, Dean's ghostly lurking phone call and how he found out about Cal, as well as the serious, yet still unknown shit that had apparently hit the fan last night. Oh God, I felt like I was going to be sick.

Still, I took a bite of half a peanut butter and banana sandwich that Mom forced me to eat after the aspirin Cal forced me to take for my hangover headache. I didn't feel much like eating. My stomach was too queasy. I kept thinking about all the ways things could go horribly wrong today, so I tried to concentrate on thoughts of Cal, on his gentleness, on how he made the girls laugh with the goofy faces he made as they ate their breakfast, on the Irish side of him the whiskey brought out last night, the way he called me "mot" and called me a maggot he cared too much for. As good as all those things were, I couldn't hold onto them.

Because Cal had taken my hand before I left with Logan and the girls, pulled me off to the side and planted one brief kiss to my forehead. He hadn't shaved. His whiskers were growing back out, and though I loved the familiar feel of them against my skin, the sight of them was as worrying as his dour clothing.

"Are you sure everything is all right?" he'd asked.

"Yeah." I raised the sandwich. "I'll feel better after I eat." He and I both knew that wasn't what he was asking me, but I'd rather pretend that I misunderstood him than lie to him outright.

"You can talk to me, you know. If there's something you want to tell me..."

I looked down, shrugged. There were a million things I wanted to talk to him about and I didn't have time for any of them. Every single thought, suspicion, and worry was a twisting knot in my gut. I wanted to unwind each one on Cal and get his take. He would be honest and open up everything to me this time. I knew he would. But Logan had been giving me "hurry up" glances, and the idea of telling him what Dean said, scared me enough to think Cal might actually run for the hills of California if I told him. I didn't want him to go back to that life, and yet I wouldn't demand it of him, or present him with an ultimatum as the late Ian had. I had to understand what was going on first. I had to set to rights what was beginning to go horribly wrong. Until I fixed this, I couldn't tell Cal anything.

"Let's go, Ollie," Logan had called.

I placed my hands on his chest. His heart was beating too hard. Mine was too, out of control, and I knew he had to feel it because he'd rested his thumb over my wrist. It was the way he was searching me out, looking into my soul, trying to find the answers I hid in plain sight. It took the breath from me.

I still managed to say with a shaky voice, "I have to go, Cal. When I get back, I promise, we'll talk. Is that okay?"

You know how it is when you say something you wish you could take back the instant you said it? Right then and there, I didn't. I didn't see it. Too blinded by my own damn fears to see it. Thinking back on it now, I never noticed the moment when Cal unplugged. Not from reality or anything. He unplugged from me. He let go. I think that's when I lost him.

I must have seen something because I reached up and kissed his mouth. I had this crazy, insane thought that this might be the last time I would ever see him, like things were rounding to a close. The last page of a book with a shitty ending. He kissed me back, though, and I guess that's what banished the thought, to make me think I still had time to fix what was wrong.



"Have a good time," he'd said. No 'mot' this go round. We said our goodbyes. I hopped into Logan's Nissan hatchback and he went back inside with Mom, one last lingering look in my direction before he closed the front door. But that's how things come apart, don't they? Not with a super big crescendo like in the movies. No "frankly dear, I don't give a damn" moment to lament over. Sometimes, it's just a closing door.

We were passing the grocery store Cal and I went to yesterday, and I was feeling a tightness in my chest that I couldn't at the time explain, when I turned to Logan and asked, "So, are you going to tell me what's going on, or are we going to just sit here pretending the world isn't about to fall out from under my feet?"

Logan dropped the back of her head onto the headrest. "Shit, it's true, isn't it?"

"What?" I put my sandwich down. I'd taken two bites. "What's true?"

"Is it true? Please tell me it's not true."

"Logan, what are you talking about?!"

"Okay, okay." She glanced behind her at the girls, giving them a smile, making sure they knew Mommy and Auntie Ollie weren't arguing. "I started getting all of these weird text messages from Dean last night, telling me to tell you to call him."

I shot a worried look her way. "What did he tell you?"

"Mister Milquetoast didn't tell me anything. I ignored his dumb ass. What I know I got from Baylor."

The world shifted. "Baylor?" I went cold all over. I may have even paled. I think that's why Logan softened her expression. She had nothing left but concern.

"Oh my God, it is true."

"What do you know?"

She stopped at a red light but didn't readily answer me. When she finally looked over at me, she did so with a sad look for her bestie and I didn't really know why.

"That Cal's a male prostitute."

The light turned green. A car honked behind us. Logan put the hatchback in drive. If I could have gotten out and walked away, I would have. My fingers were ice, my nose cold, and a shiver had begun to work its way from the base of my neck all the way down to my toes. I needed the warmth of the sun, but even it had it in for me today, peeking between heavy stratus clouds.

"What are you doing with him, Ollie? I don't get it."

I didn't know how to answer her. No, take that back. I had forgotten how to speak. Words wouldn't form. Synapses were misfiring, slamming into one another, not making any logical connections. How could it? This whole business wasn't logical. I didn't get it either! How could she say that like there was something wrong with him? How could anyone know about Cal?

My stomach twisting inside me, Logan kept on talking. "Say something, Ollie. You need to air this to me before we get to the ranch—"

"Is Bay the one who told Dean?" I asked when I could finally speak.

"Wait? You mean Dean knows?"

"Oh, God..." I should have known better. I knew the truth even as I pretended it was something else. I should have known better than to get drunk last night, too. Bile was rising to the back of my throat. I clapped a hand over my mouth. "I think I'm gonna be sick. Pull over! Pull over!"

Logan screeched into the back end of a convenience store where I hurried to a tree to do what Granny used to call a "whoops up." I lost my only two bites of sandwich under the shade of a large oak tree where the wind blew too cool for me. Where had the sun from yesterday gone?

I heard Logan talking to the girls, then a few seconds later, the crunch of gravel behind me. "You okay, Ollie?"

Why lie. "No."

She sighed, patted my back. Logan never was any good dealing with sick people. Troy always did the dirty work in that area. "I'll go get you a bottle of water in the store. Watch the girls."

I complied, quick to find a wet-one to wipe my mouth once I got back into the passenger seat and gave the girls the best smile I could manage. They were busy laughing at a funny scene in Frozen . Good. I'd rather them oblivious. Logan soon returned with a bottled water as promised. The first swig hit my gut like an empty well.

Frozen When my face screwed up in pain, she said, "You're not going to throw up again, are you?"

"No. Thanks a lot, bestie."

"Hey, I'm trying. Okay?"

I nodded.

"Well, are we talking or what?"

Wrapping one arm over my aching gut, I forced myself to take one more gulp, before allowing myself to speak again. The need to know how anybody knew about Cal burned in my chest, but I knew I had to get the truth out of the way first.

"Logan, I'm going to tell you something that I haven't even spoken to my mother. I'm telling you because you're my bestie, and besties..."

"...besties always tell each other the truth. I know."

"You have to promise me, though, that you'll never speak to another soul about this. Not Troy, not my mom, no one. This is between you and me only."

Logan stuck out a pinky finger. "A bestie never gives up a secret." These were old sayings of ours, ever since we were girls, and hearing it again after so long brought a lump to my throat.

"Go ahead, tell me," she said.

I took Logan's pinky finger in mine and told her everything.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 40





"Holy shit, Ollie."

"I know."

"No, I'm serious. Holy shit!" Logan caught herself and capped a hand over her mouth, glancing back at the girls who thankfully hadn't heard a thing.

Don't get me wrong, reader. I didn't tell Logan everything everything. I didn't tell her about Cal's past. That's the kind of trust you don't break, not even to your bestie. But I did tell her everything from the moment Cal introduced himself to me at O'Henry's, to seeing him again at the theatre, to convincing him to come home with me, all the way to getting sauced on Irish Whiskey with him in the tub. She took it all in as I thought she might—with wide eyes, an open mouth, and about a gazillion questions, but only the ones that showed in her eyes. She barely said a word throughout my entire tale, except to make the kind of proclamations one makes when watching horror films. It's how we always told stories to each other. We kept our silence as best we could until the other finished, and then we had our say.

everything Logan began. "I tried so hard in high school to get you to do shi—stuff that would have turned your mom white as a ghost. You wouldn't go to parties with me. You wouldn't try a little weed when I did. You wouldn't even drink beer until you were twenty-one."

I gave her a sullen look. "I had sex before graduation like you thought I should."

"Yeah, but with Brent Miller. Ewww."

"Don't remind me." I'm still not ready to go into that tale. But don't get the wrong idea. Logan hadn't pressured me into it. It had been my choice, bad choice though it was.

"Even then, you wouldn't do it until you were of legal age."

"I wasn't interested in being jailbait, okay? Or labeled the class whore."

"That's what I'm getting at, Ollie." Logan hadn't quite caught my reference to her. Or, maybe she had and didn't care. "It's not you. Good girl Olivia Rosamund Morton is not who one thinks of when they think 'one night stand.'"

I rolled my eyes. I knew this was coming.

"You're not gone from home six months and suddenly innocent little Olivia is blowing her money to..." Logan lowered her voice. "...to have a gigolo do her."

If the girls hadn't been sitting in the back seat, I might have pulled her hair. Instead, she got the stink eye again. "First of all, I am not innocent."

"I know, I know."

"You know about the guy I was with after college graduation."

"You mean the guy you jumped in the back seat of his car because you were horny to forecast the weather."

I wouldn't acknowledge that. "Second of all, I didn't spend a dime on Cal."

"Oh, don't get me started on Miss Oprah Wannabe. Who does she think she is trying to hook you up anyway? That's my job."

"And thirdly, never call Cal that to my face again."

She huffed. "Call him what?"

"You know what."

"What? A gigolo?"

"I'm serious, Logan."

"I thought that's what he is!"

"Not to me, he isn't. There's more to Cal than that."

Suspicion crept into her expression. "Oh no."

"What?"

"I was just starting to think you guys had been faking this whole time, that Cal was helping you by playing the fake boyfriend for your mom's benefit. But you really like him, don't you?"



I didn't answer her.

"Don't say anything. I can see it on your face. I know the Ollie that comes out when she's being protective, all pissy and full of claws."

"I'm not being pissy."

"The hell you aren't."

"Okay, but if I am, it's because I know Cal's a good person."

"I never said he wasn't."

"And so what if I like him. He's never been anything but a gentleman to me."

"Guys like that are expected to be." When she saw the look on my face, Logan changed her tune...sort of. "Look, Ollie, I'm not trying to bust your ass here. I just don't know whether I should be shocked that you kept this a secret from me, or that you're into guys who have sex with other people for a living. I mean, if you are into that sort of thing, that's fine, but—"

"Oh jeez, Logan, stop! I am not into 'that sort of thing' and you know it. I would give anything to see that side of Cal's life over and done with. And besides, that's not how it happened."

"Okay, but you should have told me a long time ago. You should have kept me up to date with all that was happening in your life so that when shi—crap like this comes up, I could be there to help you keep it under wraps. I mean, it's crazy that you should lie to your family, to me, like this."

to me, "Don't you think I know that? Don't you think I feel bad enough? I've gone and got Cal all drawn into this to the point that he's telling my mother too much about himself because he wants her to see him for who he is. He shouldn't feel like he has to. He doesn't deserve this. He's been through too much in his life to have to put up with me and my crazy family. It's all my damn fault anyway because I couldn't handle this the normal way, like normal people do. I should have just emailed him, struck up a conversation, gotten to know him. Then, I wouldn't have had to lie to Mom when really what I should have done was tell her the truth from the beginning. No, you know what? I should have never let any of this start. I should have told Cal goodnight at the bar and ended it right there. None of this would have ever happened. We could have gone our separate ways without ever knowing..." My voice broke. I cleared my throat, looked out the window.

"Wow, I have never seen you this loopy. You've really got it bad for him, don't you?"

"Logan!" I couldn't think up a single smarmy nickname for her, and I think Logan knew it, because she smiled at me, reached across the console and took my hand.

"Don't feel too bad about it, Sweetums. He's got it bad for you, too."

"Don't say that."

"Why not? You made a gigolo fall in love with you, for Pete's sake. That's something to be proud of."

My eyes had widened to saucer-size. My response should have been at her reference to his profession, but it wasn't. Logan didn't take it that way, though.

"Dang it, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to say the G-word."

I bit my tongue. I had to forgive Logan. She's the bestie, after all. And she's right, too. I could pretend all I wanted that I hadn't heard Cal say 'I love you,' but he said it. I don't know why, or better yet, how he could think it in the short amount of time we'd known each other. He probably hadn't meant for it to come tumbling out. Still, he said it.

how I wiped at my eyes, tired of this conversation. "Would you just tell me what went on last night."

Logan sighed and crossed her arms. "All right. You're not gonna like it, though."

"That's a given. Other than Rosalyn and Jansen, you're the only one I've told."

Her mouth dropped open. "You told the gay sports reporter guy before you told me?"

"Logan, the point is no one here amongst my circle of family and friends should know a damn thing about Cal. So, how is it Baylor and Dean know?"

I knew she would be pissed at me for not telling her, and that we'd have a nice long girlfriend talk about it later, but she managed to rein in her frustration with me long enough to attempt an answer to my question. It was her disquieting frown that set me on edge.

"Baylor and Dean aren't the only ones that know. Your dad does, too."

Good thing I hadn't taken another bite of sandwich, because the water was threatening to come back up. I covered my face with both hands, hoping to stem the swell of nausea, and Logan reacted with more comfort than I thought her capable, rubbing my arm, carefully moving the strands of hair that hung in my face and tucking them behind my ear. I sucked up as much of it as I could, like breathing in the last gulps of air on a sinking ship. She helped me gain some sense of calm.

"They don't know the details, Ollie. Not about you and Cal. They just know that he's...you know."

"But that's somehow worse. Dad told me yesterday how much he liked Cal. Now, he's going to hate him. Maybe if he knows the details, he would understand..."

"We'll see," she said. "But I told Papa and Baylor not to bother you this morning. I asked them to let me sort it all out before they talk to you. Now that I know Dean knows, I'll threaten his life if he bothers you about it again."

I tried to smile at her. "Thank you."

"Don't thank me," she said, disdain not for me coming out of her pores. "I haven't gotten to the worst part, yet."

I didn't bother asking. The smirk that rose on her lips might have told me everything I needed to know if I didn't already know it anyway.

"Let me guess, Logan. The truth about Cal, it came from Linda, didn't it?"

She frowned, and though I could almost read the words on her face— how did you know?— she didn't ask them. She just nodded.

how did you know?—

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 41





"You two are going to absolutely love this place!"

The building was rectangular, sitting within an open block of concrete like a Lego dropped by a little kid at play. Open Sesame it read across the front in a red Arabian-style font. Cute restaurant. Just the sort Logan and I would have stopped at of our own accord, but it caught the eyes of her girls as somewhere magical. Coated with enough purple paint to make Barney jealous, and trimmed in the brightest red, the restaurant looked like a playhouse to the girls, but it was no more than Linda's "wonderful little Lebanese place."

Open Sesame "Miss Linda," Jordan said, bopping along at my side, a stiff breeze blowing her straight blonde tresses all over the place. "Is Genie from Aladdin gonna be here?"

We'd parallel parked a few blocks back and were walking up a tree-lined street. Pretty pink and white petunias showered over the rims of hanging plant pots from street lamps every twenty feet or so. Up ahead of me, Parker held her mamma's hand, the wind doing the same to her hair. Save for the overcast skies, the wind kicking up the air, and our present company, it was a beautiful day in Des Moines.

Linda turned her profile to Jordan. She didn't look at the girl when she answered. She simply kept walking, left hand raised in the air as if she were trying to ask a question, but with fingers bent, showing off her rings and affecting a sway to her hips that drew the eyes of any randy male within a five-mile radius.

"No, sweetheart, that would be quite impossible."

The implication was clear, at least to Logan and me. Even if the restaurant had been a children's play place, the genie wouldn't appear. The man who'd given the character life in the cartoons was no longer with us. I swore to God that if she even slightly hinted at Robin Williams' death, I would snap her neck in broad daylight. But she didn't and I kept my distance, as well as a tight rein over my mouth.

I know, reader. I know exactly what you're thinking. Why the hell are you having anything to do with Linda?! Trust me, I was asking myself the same question. It wasn't my idea. Logan claimed to have a plan.

Why the hell are you having anything to do with Linda?! We went in, asked for a table, and I think I gasped as loudly as the girls did when the waitress seated us. The most royal of purples colored the walls, painted over with faux pointed arch murals. The deepest of magentas draped from the ceiling in yards of fabric. Moroccan lamps in a variety of shades hung in corners and adorned the tables. Would that the ambiance could still the vexation in my heart. My chest still felt tight, and though most of the queasiness had passed, I wasn't the least bit hungry.

We ordered anyway. I chose a plain salad since the idea of stomaching hummus or feta cheese for lunch was out of the question. The girls each halved a burger and fries that they probably weren't going to eat all of anyway. Logan ordered the gyro plate, while Linda got the tabouleh. We sat inside this lovely ambiance, most of us enjoying our lunch, and talked of mundane topics.

Well, they talked of mundane topics. I mostly stayed quiet. I had trouble finding anything to talk about with Linda sitting right across from me. I couldn't even look her in the eyes. If I had, if I took even a second or two to stare into her soul, I might have reached across the table and shown her what the pointy end of a fork looks like up close.

they Why? , you might be asking. What's with the violence, Livy? Don't you think you're overreacting just a bit? No. In the infamous words of Kevin McCallister from Home Alone , "I don't think so." Before you judge, remember that I haven't told you the whole story yet.

Why? What's with the violence, Livy? Don't you think you're overreacting just a bit? Home Alone Thankfully, in the end, I decided stabbing Linda in the eye with my fork wasn't a good idea, what with the girls sitting right beside me and the threat of ending up sharing a jail cell with a woman nicknamed Large Marge. Had I any control over the situation, I would have had Logan drop me off at the gallery where Cal helped Mom set up for the showing. I was stuck, unfortunately; forced to share a table with Linda Crawford (Joan Crawford's long-lost niece or something), while the one I called bestie kept giving me silent eye-commands from across the table that I mostly ignored.



"So," Logan began. "What's the plan for today? Livy said something about hitting the spa. That sounds fun, doesn't it, girls?"

"What's a spa, mamma?" Parker asked.

Logan smiled at her youngest. "It's a place where women go to get mud masks and have their feet rubbed."

The girls laughed. Mud masks sounded fun indeed. I tried to laugh with them, but it would seem Linda and I shared the same lack of enthusiasm for going to the spa.

"Actually," Linda said, after a sip of unsweetened tea, "I think we should take it off our excursion for the day. The spa isn't a place for small children."

"Oh fooey." Logan swatted the air, sending a puff that pushed Linda's hair into her face just as she was about to take another bite. "There are lots of things girls can do in a spa, huh, girls?" Parker and Jordan nodded enthusiastically. "We can get your hair done and make your nails pretty. Won't that be fun?"

The girls were giggling in excitement. A good distraction to allow myself a sneak peek at Linda. She wore a smile, surprisingly enough, but it didn't reach any higher than her cheekbones. She sedately tucked the errant hairs behind her ear, yesterday's saccharine sweetness hiding behind the veil of a caustic glare. The first part of Logan's plan was going swimmingly.

"One thing I've learned about Linda is that she makes every outing, every party, every conversation about her," Logan had said in the car on the way to the ranch . "So, our first step is to get under her skin, and the best way to do that is to leave her out of the equation. She'll try to make us her little followers at first, but as soon as she thinks she has us under her control, we take it back and we do so with a sweet-as-apple-pie smile on our faces. That's how we make her vulnerable. That's how we break down her barriers.

"One thing I've learned about Linda is that she makes every outing, every party, every conversation about her," . "So, our first step is to get under her skin, and the best way to do that is to leave her out of the equation. She'll try to make us her little followers at first, but as soon as she thinks she has us under her control, we take it back and we do so with a sweet-as-apple-pie smile on our faces. That's how we make her vulnerable. That's how we break down her barriers. The first act of Logan's plan had been to send the girls running to Linda as if she were their favorite aunt. "Make sure you tell Miss Linda how much fun it's going to be to spend the day with her," she told them before she sent them off. I hadn't appreciated Logan's use of the girls in that way, but I must say I got a sick satisfaction out of Linda's shocked reaction. Though, she had quickly covered it up with a carefully contrived pleasure to see them.

"I know the perfect place we can go, too, Linda," Logan continued, hand on the woman's arm, striking a master's counterfeit smile. "They have a whole session just for kids. Of course, one of us will have to stay with them, but it'll be fun."

Someone hit my foot from underneath the table and I looked up to see Logan staring pointedly at me. Guess I was that someone. I had been staring down at my salad, moving it around on my plate with little interest, giving the rest of my attention to the girls instead of the conversation, or Linda. That little bop on my foot must have been Logan's way of telling me I had to speak now.

"Oh, yeah, sounds like a blast. Can't wait." My tone didn't exactly match my words. Logan's stare told me she wasn't happy with my inability to play her game, not by a long shot. Try harder, it said.

Try harder, "The girls ought to love it, don't you think, Linda?" Logan asked.

Linda gave Logan a smile with just the briefest hint of acidity. "Girls always like playing dress up, so I guess it can't hurt to let the little sweethearts pretty themselves up."

What could she do, but go with it, right? Unless she wanted to make herself look like a real ass in front of the girls, and Linda wouldn't dare do that. Those girls were practically like grandkids to Dad. He lavished a lot of love on them as though they were. Linda wasn't about to touch that.

But Logan wasn't done yet. She reached across the table for my hand. "And Livy can pretty herself up for her gingerbread man," she said with a playful smile that I knew to be both real and fake. "They have the coolest skin treatments over there and mud baths that do wonders for the skin. Cal's going to love how soft it makes your skin. He'll want to snuggle up to you all night tonight. I know Troy does when I go."



The girls were giggling again, thinking of mud baths and their mamma and daddy snuggling together, but I wasn't. I had to make myself smile back at Logan. I couldn't think about mud baths or skin treatments. I couldn't think about Cal, either, snuggling with him or otherwise. I could hardly see his face in my mind. All I knew was the heat of Linda's eyes upon me. They were like laser beams, cutting into me, burning my flesh with her initials every time Logan spoke of Cal.

"Speaking of Cal," a cheery Linda said, and I froze. Just hearing his name slip off her tongue turned my guts to mush. "Olivia, sweetheart, you must tell me all about him. I hear he's quite the charmer."

I think my fork might have clattered onto the plate before it hit the floor. Not sure. I can only recall Jordan jumping beside me at the sound. I looked at Linda. Nobody had to make me. My insides were no longer frozen. They were on fire. The connection lasted less than a second, and thank God for that because I could actually feel the threads loosening on my control. Logan stepped in just in time.

"Uh-oh, Auntie Ollie, dropped her fork! Parker, go get it for her."

Parker's intervention and her sweet smile were what helped me keep my seat because I was ready to crawl over the table. Logan, my lifesaver, quickly pulled Linda into another conversation.

"Oh, Linda, you are not going to believe what I found the other day..."

Listening to Logan tell Linda about a tasteless little dress shop she stumbled upon (clearly meant to imply that Linda only shopped at the tasteless ones), I was able to avert my gaze and calm myself.

I believe I may have mentioned that I've known Logan since we were kids. She may not have ever been hugely scholastically inclined, but she's a smart little pixie-devil. She knows people, and she knows how to play them, especially those who think they have the upper hand in a situation. She knows how to find the solid ground they stand on and shake it to its foundation. Which is why I was supposed to keep eye contact with Linda, make small talk, smile at her, act as if nothing was wrong. I was not supposed to shy away or appear in any way to be sulking. I was supposed to be beating the manipulator at her own game, but all I could think was that I'd rather be anywhere but here, across from her, knowing what I know. Me wanting to run away from the problem of Linda was not part of Logan's plan, though.

I'm not good at this. You know me. I don't fake well. I'm all about being real, remember? The thing is, I had a pretty good inkling of what Linda was up to. Maybe I didn't know all the whys and wherefores, all the itty-bitty details, but I knew enough, and Linda knew that I knew. From the moment we picked her up, a silent tug-of-war had been going on between us. She would look at me. I'd look away. She would talk to me. I would frame my answer toward Logan or the girls. Anything to avoid engaging with her when what I really wanted was to yank the rope hard enough to pull her face first into the mud pit.

I'm not a writer, either. I think we've established this. Maybe, in the writing of this, I could have built up the suspicion better. Or maybe I shouldn't try so hard to make Linda appear like your classic borderline-personality-disorder female villain. Maybe I should add that something horrible happened in her past that turned her into the spiteful woman she is today (hell, for all I know, that's her problem). I probably could have made her seem like one of the good guys, my favorite step-mom-to-be, and then dropped the truth of her skanky ass in your lap like a bomb. But what would have been the point? I don't have all the answers. I don't know why Linda is the way she is. All I can do is write as truthfully as I know how. I'm telling you how it happened, as it happened to me. It's the only angle I know.

So, let me tell you why I almost went full-mindless-zombie on the woman. Let me tell you what I know, as told by Logan, who heard it from Baylor, from whom I got a better accounting later.



Linda is a freaking psycho.

How do I know this? Because my brother isn't a liar. Maybe that's a bit of bias coming from me, but how else do you explain her trying to kick my brother out of the house he'd lived in since he was born? Yeah, you heard me right. Supposedly, not long after Cal and I left for Mom's, she came storming in through the back door (for what reason, only she would know), looking as though someone had set fire to her. This wasn't an unusual occurrence, according to Baylor, so he and his friends ignored her for the most part, but one of them made the mistake of laughing.

She went on the attack, demanding that Baylor and his friends leave the house. They had bread, luncheon meat, mayo, bags of potato chips set out on the counter. They were about to eat, and Baylor stood his ground.

He claimed "No" was his only reply. Linda later said different, but I believe my brother wouldn't have said anything disrespectful to Linda (not and risk Dad's wrath over it). Though, I have no doubt there was enough disrespect in the nineteen-year-old's tone and expression to set off even the most docile of creatures. It turned Linda's demand into a command within a matter of seconds. She didn't hesitate to throw in a few insults, either, calling Liam and the other members of the band Baylor's "twisted friends."

That's when he set his foot down.

I'm still wishing I could have been there to hear it. It was the wrong thing for him to say, I'll grant you that, but I have to admit, I feel rather proud knowing that my little brother took my advice and told Linda to go eff herself. He'd had enough of her bossing him around, and he made sure she knew where she stood—on the other side of the family line, way on the other side.

eff "This isn't your house. You don't live here, and you have no authority over me. We'll leave when we're damn good and ready. Now get outta my face."

With his buddies there to back him up, Linda backed down, but not without the expected threat, the one that always came back to haunt him no matter how many times he tried to keep his cool with her.

"Your dad will hear about this."

And no matter how much he tried to tell her he didn't care, that his dad would love to hear that she had attempted to kick his only son out, his heart had ticked an irregular beat at the threat. Baylor and Dad didn't always see eye to eye. Dad had named him Baylor, which meant "horse-trainer," because he expected his son to be as hard a worker as he was. Baylor hadn't exactly lived up to his name. He was your typical lazy nineteen-year-old bordering on twenty with the responsibilities of adulthood looming in his future. He had his own beliefs about the world and hard work didn't figure into them. He was creative, like Mom, but the need to prove himself in work hadn't quite kicked in yet. It will eventually, I hope. Baylor just needs the right motivation, and right now, he lives for games, his band, and his buddies. Get the right girl in his life and he might go through changes none of us would ever expect, but as it is...

Anyway, back to my little brother's story.

Eventually, Baylor and his friends did leave for band practice. They had a good time, to hear Baylor tell it, enough of a good time that he forgot about Linda or that she would make good on her threat. Sometimes she did and sometimes she didn't. He figured if it suited her purposes, she probably would. A couple of hours later, after band practice and after most of the guys went home, Baylor found out how well it suited her purposes.

Liam had followed Baylor back to the house. They had planned to play World of Warcraft , raiding dungeons and hitting the PvP circuit, before crashing for the night. He picked the wrong time to do so. Dad was on Baylor as soon as he walked in.

World of Warcraft It's funny, and now that I think about it, a little scary, the way Baylor described Linda. He called her a spider. Logan told me he felt like a fly caught and struggling in her web. The way she stared at him, arms crossed, slyly grinning from the other side of the room as Dad laid in on him. He said Liam could back him on it, even though his buddy hadn't stuck around for long. Liam found a semi-quiet place in the game room to wait the argument out.



Of course, what came up wasn't that Linda had demeaned his friends or demanded he leave the house, only that Baylor had taken my advice and told her what she needed to hear. This wasn't her family. She wasn't a Morton and she didn't belong.

"What the hell is wrong with you, boy, talking to her like that?"

"She gave as good as she got, Dad. Don't let her fool you."

Baylor told his side. Linda came back shocked and hurt, as surprised as any normal person being falsely accused. She whipped out the tears the way most people whip out a hanky. And yeah, Dad let her sucker him in. He didn't believe his own son.

Maybe you think I'm being heartless. Could she be for real? Maybe Baylor's accusations truly hurt her. Maybe she was just angry at something else (God knows at what) and took it out on Baylor. Normal people do that all the time, right? But I don't know. What I told Cal about Linda is true—she's a tease, she's fake as a three-dollar bill, and she treats Baylor like garbage. No, I don't believe she's the devil, but I do believe they might be close friends.

"Ask Liam, Dad. He'll tell you. He'll tell you all the times she's treated me like I don't belong here. Better yet, ask Livy. She'll tell you exactly what she thinks of Linda."

He's right. If I had been in that living room when the argument went down, I would have, but Dad's reaction hadn't been what Baylor thought it would be. He'd looked away as if stung to hear my name. (Way too familiar to how Dad acted when Logan and I arrived at the ranch. He'd hugged me the way you might hug someone at a funeral, seeming lost, not knowing where to put himself or what to say, except to ask how dinner at Mom's went and to question...carefully, I might add...where Cal was.) Linda took the bait Baylor's words presented; she grabbed it by the horns and ran with the sucker.

"Tell him, Bryan," she said, crocodile tears and dark mascara running down her cheeks Tammy-Faye-Bakker-style. "Tell him the truth. He deserves to know."

And Dad did. He told the truth according to Linda, that is.

What truth, you ask?

Ever heard the old phrase, "the devil is in the details"? Well, in this case, the lies were in the details. Linda's lies. This is how I know Linda's fake, how I know she's a liar and a tease, and everything everyone had told me about her is absolutely true.

I wasn't there, so I didn't hear word for word what she said about Cal, so what I'm about to tell you is an extrapolation of tales from both Baylor and Dad (who told me his side much later) of her claims. This isn't easy for me to write. Just know that in the hours it took me to put this down on paper, I had to walk away a couple of times and shed a few tears.

Linda claims to have known Cal while she lived in California, and by "known," I mean exactly what you think I mean. She had been at a low point in her life, feeling lonesome after a breakup and she needed someone to make her forget about her sorrow. A friend put her onto Cal, gave her his contact info. She was reluctant at first, but she made a date with him anyway. One date led to a couple more, which turned into a month worth of dates. Each time, they met at a hotel, they had sex, she shelled out her money and paid Cal his going rate.

Just thinking about it makes me sick to my stomach, but her other bullshit claims make me sicker.

She said with each session, Cal grew increasingly more possessive, that he insisted upon fantasies that involved rough sex. Though she admitted to enjoying her time with him, she put an end to their trysts, because at the end of every session, he would leave her feeling dirty and disgusted with herself. That's when she claims the harassment began. He would consistently email her in an attempt to resume their dates. His phone calls became more and more insistent. He would follow her; sit outside her apartment for hours on end, watching her.

Eventually, she threatened to call the police on him, and despite being in a rather precarious situation given his illegal profession, he wouldn't relent his pursuit of her. Not until she made good on her threat. She had him arrested. The police interrogated and charged him based on her allegations, but according to Linda, Cal supposedly had friends in high places. The charges against him were rescinded not long after. When that happened, she was determined to start her own investigation. Stories about other women began to surface, women who claimed that Cal was too rough during their dates, that he wanted to enact fantasies they weren't comfortable with. A few actually claimed he hurt them.

"All of this happened months before I met you, Bryan," she had told Dad hours before Baylor returned home. She put her relationship with my Dad on the line to tell this tale. Did it make her more credible? You're damn right it did. "You have to believe me! I'm sorry. I know I should have told you as soon as I knew, but I was afraid to upset you."

"Afraid to upset me? What about my daughter, goddammit?"

me? "I was wrong not to warn her. I know that now. I'm so scared for Olivia. She doesn't know this man the way I do. She doesn't know what he's capable of. Seeing him again, and then all this stuff with Baylor has put me so on edge that I went and stupidly spilled the beans to Dean like an idiot."

"You told Dean?"

"I'm so sorry, Bryan. It was such a stupid mistake. Now Dean might try to contact Livy while she's at her mother's." At the mention of Mom, Dad had blanched and Linda played right into it. "Oh no, I hope none of this comes out while they're at her house. God, I hope Susan is okay."

"You know this is bullshit, right?"

No, that wasn't Dad, sad to say. That had been Logan's comment after the very long, quiet spell that passed between us after the tale.

"She's full of shit, Ollie," Logan added, and I knew it. Everything Linda said was bullshit in its purest form. So yeah, I was super proud of Baylor. He took up for Cal, and for me. He told Dad he didn't believe a word of what Linda said, called her "a nutbag" and said she wasn't happy unless someone else in her world was un happy, to which Linda bawled and used her silky tears to catch Dad in her web. He fell prey to them, to her lies and her ideals, and told Baylor that he either show Linda the proper respect or he could leave. Baylor chose to leave. He packed his bags and left with Liam, worried that "this shit is going to blow up in Livy and Cal's face." It was good of him to do that, to take my side. He knew this hideous person Linda did her damnedest to paint is not Cal. I know that's not Cal. Logan knows. Hell, you know!

un you But that's not what upsets me.

I heard once—and this is going to sound incredibly stupid—a quote from a TV show. The X-Files , to be exact. I was just a kid when I first heard it, but I've never forgotten it and I've always believed it: "A lie is most convincingly hidden between two truths."

The X-Files The majority of those truths were hidden in Linda's narrative somewhere, but the main one, the truth I know now to be the most unfortunate truth, is that Linda used to be one of Cal's clients. He has had sex with her, multiple times. I can't malign him for it, not really, not as much as my jealous heart begged me to. Cal had done what he'd been doing most of his life. Still, it hurt. Having a face to put to the act, like over-the-hill Megan from the theater, made it worse. Knowing an ex-client of his was trying to worm her way into my family, that was stomach churning, and a little bit horrifying at the same time.

So, you can understand why making eye contact with Linda would be rather difficult for me. On one side, I was burning with anger inside and I wanted to help her choke on a bite of tabouleh. But I was also incredibly heartbroken that Cal hadn't told me the truth, that I had to hear about it from someone else.

This time, I was the one who unplugged. I let go. That was when Cal lost me.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 42





Go ahead, say it. I know you want to. Olivia, don't be an idiot! Cal hasn't unplugged from you, and you damn well better not unplug from Cal. If you're that dumb, you just as soon go play with Dean.

Olivia, don't be an idiot! Cal hasn't unplugged from you, and you damn well better not unplug from Cal. If you're that dumb, you just as soon go play with Dean. Point taken. Maybe I am dumb, but it doesn't change the fact that Cal should have been honest with me. Granted, I hadn't specifically told him we were spending the day with one of his former clients (former? For all I knew, she was a current client, the one he'd been texting and scheduling appointments with the morning after my birthday party), nor had I told him about the text messages or went into detail about the phone call from Dean, or even had the courage to tell him how I feel about him. S hit . Okay, so I was, and am , being an idiot. But I kept thinking back to how he told me I was judging her too harshly and too quickly when he knew who she was. Did Cal know of the things she'd accused him? And if he did, don't you think he should have told me?

S hit . am So, yeah, I unplugged. I let go. It was stupid, but I did. It didn't last very long, anyway. Logan began it, but it took Linda and her toxic tongue to drive it right out of me. Let me tell you how...



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I brooded all the way to the spa. Why? Because after the spa would be the mall and shopping together at clothing stores like the best of friends. Then after that, we'd probably go someplace for a treat, like an ice cream parlor or something, and I'd have to sit at another table across from Miss Skankalicious. I had no choice but to spend my afternoon with this woman, and every second grated across my heart like nails on a chalkboard.

At times like that, a girl needs to talk to her mother, and I needed mine bad. I needed her like a meteorologist needs to hear the clap of thunder or to smell the hint of rain in the air. I wanted to unload everything I was feeling onto her. She would know what to say. She would know what I should do. But then, I would have to explain everything to her, and the phone would inevitably find its way to Cal, who would ask me if I was okay and want to talk about Linda and why he hadn't said anything. No. As much as I wanted to talk to him, as much as I would rather be with him and Mom instead of stuck with Linda, talking to Cal then about Linda would have been a bad idea. My emotions were too high, and I was too close to the end of my rope for that conversation to have been anything but volatile.

So, off to the spa I went, following grudgingly along with Logan's plan.

Spas are meant to relax the body and the mind. Restful colors, soothing massages, body pampering at its finest from head to feet. I wasn't feeling it. Not on the ride there (listening to Linda prattle on about her monthly spa routine, which likely cost hundreds of Dad's dollars each and every time), and not when the five of us went in. As we sat before the receptionist who arranged our sessions, I began to realize what Logan had in store for me.

Remember, she said "someone" would have to stay with the girls while they got their hair and nails done? I thought she meant me. Nope. Logan was talking about herself. I had been too preoccupied with my own problems to catch on.



I managed perfect innocence when I pulled her to the side, saying, "Logan, can I talk to you a minute?" But once we were alone, I dropped innocence like a stone. "Why the hell are teaming me up with her ? I do not want to be alone with that bitch."

her Logan crossed her arms and gave me a look that said, Don't be dumb, Ollie . She was older than me by about three months, and because of that, she had a tendency to see herself as the older, wiser sister. Being a whole three months younger, and with three months less life experience than Logan meant that sometimes I needed loving direction on the course of my life. I love Logan to death. She's the big sister I always wanted. But she's still a pain in the ass.

Don't be dumb, Ollie "Don't be dumb, Ollie," she said. Predictable much. "If we are going to break down the bitch's barriers, and make her see that you are not the woman to fuck with, we have to start by giving her a little hope."

"Hope of what?"

"Hope that when she gets you alone, she'll have an opportunity to work her magic on you. I know people like her, Ollie. She's going to say that everything she's done so far is for the sake of you and your family. She'll say she's trying to protect you."

If the expression on my face didn't show how little sense that made to me, I reiterated it. "Protect?" I brought my first finger and thumb together with very little space in between. "She's this close to protecting herself from me ."

me "Oh Jeez, Ollie. Don't you get what's going on here?"

Proof positive that I was dumb, or at least addle-brained with hurt and too much ugly information to think straight. (Self-bashing aside, the latter was probably the truest of the two.) I didn't know how to answer Logan's question because the answer wasn't clear enough for me. It hovered before me ghostlike, within a hazy vision, but beyond the reach of my fingers. Logan had a good handle on it, though, and she wasn't about to leave me in the dark. That was evident in the way she held her hands out, palms down like she was showing me her nails—Logan's physical representation of laying out the truth.

"None of this is about you, or your dad or Baylor. Linda's not out to hurt you, but she will because she doesn't really give a shit about any of you. This has always been, and will always be, about her and what she wants, and right now, what she wants is Cal."

I gave her a sideways glance. It sank in, but not deep enough. "I—I don't understand, Logan. You think what she said about him is true?"

Logan rolled her eyes when she saw she wasn't getting through to me. "I don't know the man well enough to believe anything about him, but I know you. You've always been a good judge of character. If you'd have had even an inkling that Cal was as sick a bastard as she's made him out to be, you would never have brought him home with you. Shit, you'd have dumped his ass on the first date. Am I right?"

"Yes, but Logan, Cal isn't even the tiniest bit close to being the person she described."

"I know that! Linda twisted this story to make herself 'shine bright like a diamond,'" Logan said, singing the last part Rihanna-style, but with an edge that said she was as close to losing it on Linda as I was. "Look, I don't know what her game is, but the very fact that you know she's lying, tells me she's out to hurt him. Why? I don't know. That's something you have to find out."

you "Why me?"

"Because he's your boyfriend," she said like I'd lost my mind. I had, but...

"He's not my boyfriend," I began a tad too defensively. "...not exactly. Cal and I are really sort of more like intimate friends."

intimate She smirked again. "Whatever makes you sleep better at night, Ollie. My point is, you are Linda's ticket to success. She wants to break you with an act of kindness. Why else would she tell Dean? Tell the former boyfriend who still cares about you, and he will tell you all about Cal's terrible little secret. Only she didn't count on the fact that you already knew." She saw my still lingering confusion. "I mean, how would you have reacted to the news if you didn't know? Imagine finding out from Dean about Cal's other life."

he didn't It was all starting to click into place. I could almost hear it, like the flipping of light switches one by one, shedding more light. The haze over my vision was lifting. "I would have sent him packing."

"Exactly." Logan pointed a finger as if my words of affirmation hung in the air. "Linda is trying her damnedest to keep Cal from what he wants."

And then she lost me again. "What does he want?"

If there were ever an expression of flabbergastation (is that even a word?), Logan's slack jaw and wide eyes would have been it.

"He wants you, Ollie. The Irish Loverboy is head over heels for you. If you still can't see it, there's something seriously wrong with you."

That was the moment I started to plug back in. Cal never felt closer to me than he did right then. He filled me. My heart. My head. My whole body. It was like he lived in me. I could smell him and taste him and feel him, but I couldn't speak to him. All I wanted to do was call him and tell him that I understood what he meant when he'd said, "You're too quick to judge, Livy." Cal wasn't talking about Linda. He was talking about himself. He didn't want me to judge him, not only for the crooked path his life had taken but for anything in his past and present dealings with Linda. He planned to tell me, and I never gave him enough time.

I dropped my head in my hands. It all made so much sense now. The time I should have given Cal, I gave to Linda. I gave her time to worm her way between us, in between me and my family. I felt like an idiot. I just didn't say so.

"So, she went to Dad, and she made Dad tell Baylor. God, my dad is so stupid."

"He's not stupid, Ollie. Your dad was duped by a woman who knows how to manipulate people. That kind of woman will do anything, up to and including ruining your family, to get what she wants." Logan gave me a smile. Not a bestie smile, or even a smile of comfort. This was all vengeance. "That's why we have to beat the bitch at her own game."

Like that, my head was clear. "What do I have to do?"



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 43





"Be the Late Night Weather Review woman we all know and love, Ollie, and you'll bore a hole through the bitch, no problem."





"Be the Late Night Weather Review woman we all know and love, Ollie, and you'll bore a hole through the bitch, no problem." That was Logan's final line of encouragement and training on "How to Beat a Manipulator at Her Own Game," before she sent me out to face the monster. She probably could have written a book for all she seemed to know on the subject. Believe me, the rest of her advice wasn't of the pat-on-the-back-you'll-do-okay variety. Every other piece of advice had been akin to donning me in heavy armor. She went as far as to offer me a protective shield and a sword. I'll tell you more about that as we go along. Suffice it to say, I was ready to do battle with my enemy.

Now that I knew what I had to do, however, I feared it wouldn't take much to scare me witless, to make me forget everything Logan tried to teach me. Keep in mind I've not had much contact with Linda. I hardly know her well enough to call her a monster, but to hear Logan tell it, Linda was a wolf in sheep's clothing, the sort of woman who could smell fear from a mile away and knew how to work it to her advantage.

When we separated, I was understandably nervous. Logan went with her girls to get their nails and hair prettied, while Linda and I followed an esthetician to our first session. She had an arm around me and a congeniality about her so overpowering that I felt as Baylor had—like a fly caught in her web. I told myself not to struggle. The more I struggled, the more I looked like a sack full of yummy juices. Basically, dinner.

I went back mentally to the first time I went on air live. I had been so scared I vomited my guts up five minutes before standing in front of the camera, but I did it. I threw on the reporter personality and I just did it. How? Because I knew my entire family and everyone back home was watching me. I knew I had the Morton family name to uphold, and how important it was to Dad that I do so.

No one but Linda was watching me now, but that didn't mean our family name wasn't in my hands again. Her bewitching might have blinded my dad, and he might have spurned his own son in her favor, but I knew family was more important to him than she would ever be. Linda wasn't interested in being family. The only thing that interested Linda was Linda. Making Dad see that was going to be hard, but once he saw, he'd drop her like a hot rock.

The first step would involve removing the sheep's clothing. I had to show her up for what she really was—a wolf, yes, with claws and teeth, but she was also a parasite, desperate to suck the life out of anything to get what she wants. I had to let her talk. I had to let her bury herself.

She started in the changing room as we swapped out our regular clothes for white terry robes with the spa's logo embroidered on the breast.

"Now that we don't have the interruption of children..." She touched my bare arm. I successfully avoided cringing and hurried to slip on the protective outer covering of terry cloth. "The girls are so sweet, by the way. I simply adore them, but having children around makes it difficult for women to talk. Don't you agree?"

Time to kick Logan's Merlin-like advice into high gear. "Linda hasn't learned to comprehend a very simple concept most kids pick up around the age of two. The word 'n o.' Find ways to disagree with her as often as you can."

"Linda hasn't learned to comprehend a very simple concept most kids pick up around the age of two. The word 'n Find ways to disagree with her as often as you can." "Oh, I don't know," I said. I hoped she hadn't noticed how quickly I put on the robe and tied the sash around my waist. Then again, who cared if she did. I couldn't bear the thought of her touching my bare skin again. "I like having them around. Logan and I don't have a problem talking about stuff with the girls around."

She looked away to tie her own sash, but I saw the twitch in her brow. "Well, not when women talk of intimate subjects, like men and sex, for instance."

I bit my tongue, not hard enough to taste blood, but enough to clear my head of the red veil that had fallen over my eyes. "Be careful," Logan had said . "The minute she senses you're fighting back, she'll turn the conversation on you in a heartbeat and corner you." Had to remember that and tread carefully.

"Be careful," . "The minute she senses you're fighting back, she'll turn the conversation on you in a heartbeat and corner you."

"When you put it that way, I suppose I know where you're coming from, but if you've been around children long enough, you learn to find inventive ways to talk about even sensitive subjects."

There was a knock at the door, and the esthetician peeked her head through the door. "Ready, ladies?"

"Ready," I said.

I went to follow the woman through the open door, but not fast enough. Linda draped a casual arm around my shoulder once more. We were the best of friends. Inseparable. We apparently knew each other well enough for her to lean in close and say in low tones, "I've never been much for talking in code, myself. I like to get right to the point, particularly when talking about men and sex."

The esthetician and another employee led each of us to a comfy reclining chair, side by side, where they could begin with a series of deep cleansing facials. I was beginning to understand how difficult this was going to be. It was like the beginning of a boxing match, wherein the first round the competitors jockeyed about each other in the ring, taking superficial hits and pacing themselves before dishing out a jab or two. How many misses or painful jabs would I have to endure before one of us delivered the final devastating knockout? At this rate, I had a feeling Linda would come out the victor.

The first cleansing had begun, that of removing makeup and surface oils. They started with a clean slate before digging deep into the pores. Linda, however, dug deep with her first question.

"Getting back to the subject we were discussing, Olivia, when are you going to tell me about the man in your life? Somehow, the subject keeps eluding us."

Funny how some things seem to work out. Maggie, the esthetician (it said so on her name tag), was working her magic on my forehead. Linda couldn't see my forming frown. I kept my cool and Logan's advice forefront in my mind. One of them had been, " Giving Linda personal tidbits is like giving a kid with a sugar addiction a candy bar. Don't give in to her. When she asks you a personal question, you give her an empty answer. As soon as you know your answer went down like a bitter pill, hit her back with a personal question of your own."

Giving Linda personal tidbits is like giving a kid with a sugar addiction a candy bar. Don't give in to her. When she asks you a personal question, you give her an empty answer. As soon as you know your answer went down like a bitter pill, hit her back with a personal question of your own." So, I answered, "There's a reason for that," and let it hang ominously in the air a few seconds. I happened to glance up at Maggie, gently exfoliating my jawline. She had raised her eyebrows.

"Oh?" Linda prompted.

"You and I hardly know each other, Linda."

"Well, isn't that the whole point of our little excursion? To get to know one another?"

"Absolutely, so why don't you start by telling me how you got involved with my dad?"

A sound like a barely held snicker drew my attention again to Maggie. The barest of smiles framed her mouth, but she quickly covered it with a clearing of the throat over her shoulder. I gave her the barest of smiles in return. At least someone had my back.

Linda was quiet for a second. I had her there. She couldn't not answer, and when she did, she sounded noticeably uncomfortable. "We met on an online dating service. Elite Match dotcom or something like that."

not "Online? Wow. Dad never said anything about that to me." I was instantly reminded of an old country song with a line that goes something like, Looking for love in all the wrong places...

Looking for love in all the wrong places... "You know how Bry is. He's very prideful. He wouldn't want anyone to know he succumbed to an online dating site to find true love."

"Yeah, he's prideful, all right. Too prideful to realize he already had it."

That was too much. Even the look on Maggie's face said so. But, damn it felt good! Linda jabbed intentionally with that true-love bullshit, so I jabbed right back, forgetting Logan's first rule in the process. "Don't fuel the bitch's rocket. Keep your personal feelings out of the equation. When the going gets rough, stick to small talk, baby. Stick to your favorite subject."

"Don't fuel the bitch's rocket. Keep your personal feelings out of the equation. When the going gets rough, stick to small talk, baby. Stick to your favorite subject."

"The weather," had been my response to Logan, and the weather was what I turned to when Linda returned my jab with syrupy sweetness.

"The weather," "If he had, Sweetheart, he wouldn't have been looking. Am I right?"

An uppercut, right on the jaw. I wouldn't have answered her, though, not if she had me strapped to the electric chair. "What's the weather like where you're from, Linda?"

"I'm sorry?"

"The weather. You're not Iowan. You sound like you're from the west coast. I've grown accustomed to the accent living in Sacramento."

"Nevada, actually, born and raised," she said, a slight edge to her voice. "But I've lived most of my adult life in southern California, in and around Los Angeles over the years. I would think you'd know enough of our weather, Olivia, considering you make a living forecasting it."

"I forecast for central California. Southern California's weather is diverse because of the canyons and valleys that play in the region's moist Pacific air, but I prefer Sacramento's weather patterns so much more. We sit right smack in the middle of the Great Valley, with the Sierra Nevadas to the east blocking the continental climate, and the Coastal Range blocking the humidity of the western coast. It creates a cone of weather patterns that I would call sexy."

The weather—it's my baby. Makes me feel better when all the world seems to be out to get me. I needed it's comfort right then as Maggie and her counterpart started in with a white cream mask, the type they would later pull from our face in one long strip, ripping our pores free of blackheads and other impurities. Doubt they were capable of removing all of Linda's impurities, considering what she next said.

"Speaking of sexy, isn't that how you met Cal? Forecasting the weather?"

There was clear, cold calculation in her voice. I'm sure Dad could have told Linda plenty about how Cal claimed to have met me, but the way she asked wasn't like one relating a story. She was fishing, fishing for something she already knew, but hoping I would give it up without effort.

"Not exactly," I said. If she wanted something out of me, she was going to have to work for it. I then turned the conversation back on her as Logan instructed me. "And I'm confused. You call him sexy, but according to you, you haven't even met Cal yet."

"Wasn't that him driving one of your father's cars yesterday afternoon?"

"Yeah, but it's kind of hard to tell if someone's sexy at that distance, don't you think. Even I would have had trouble making that distinction, and I'm not nearly as old as you are."

Maggie coughed. "Excuse me. Sorry."

"On an ordinary man, perhaps, but Cal doesn't strike me as an ordinary man. You would know all about that, now wouldn't you, Olivia?" Linda grinned, and I had the misfortune to see its twinge of maliciousness. She knew exactly what she was saying.

"Was it hard for you, Linda, leaving the comforts of Southern California behind to brave the summers in a hick town like Fairview, Iowa? I mean, we're not exactly known for our white sandy beaches and flashy jewelry. Must really have been true love. For you, anyway."

Did I hear a harrumph?

"Perhaps Cal could better answer your question," she said. "He lives in California, isn't that right? Did he follow you all the way over here for true love?"

"Corn."

"Huh?"

"That's what we're known for. Corn. Horses. Hard working country people. Not Rodeo Drive, and no, Cal followed me here to meet my family. He fits in. He likes it here."

He "Well, I guess it's too bad he won't be able to stay."

That hit below the belt. If it weren't for our conscientious esthetician butting in and asking that we not speak for the next few minutes while the masks set, Linda might have found a way to twist the knife, and then I wouldn't have been able to hold back. The bell had rung to signal the end of round one, and so far, Linda was winning.

This was harder than I thought it was going to be. I needed a pep talk like the one Mickey used to give Rocky, but I wasn't going to get one. What I got was a mental reminder from Logan to keep my emotions in check. It's another way of fueling the beast, or in this case, the bitch. " Just the facts, Jack," she'd said, and it's what I was supposed to stick to. I wasn't supposed to give Linda any extras. I was supposed to detach myself from the conversation, and so far, I was doing a shitty job of it. I was letting Linda get under my skin and she was relishing every bit of it.

Just the facts, Jack," Couldn't let her do that. Couldn't let her have the upper hand. I needed an act. The late-night weather review lady wasn't going to work, because she was just me, Olivia Morton. I didn't wear a mask or put on a personality when in front of the camera. What I needed was a face and an attitude to wear, one that didn't care what anyone thought, who had the kind of insolent, couldn't-give-a-shit attitude capable of squashing Linda's self-confidence like a bug. Someone like...

Rosalyn Harris! Holy shit, that's it!



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 44





"I need your help, and you're not allowed to ask why."





"Livy? Is that you?"

I was standing in the spa bathroom, robe on, towel in my hair, poking my head from an open stall all clandestine-like, expecting Maggie or Linda to appear any second to see what was taking me so long.

"Yes, it's me, and I don't have a lot of time. I need you to listen to me."

"Listen to you about what?" Roz's ethnic twang was in full swing, showing off the indignation she hadn't been willing to reveal my last couple of days at the station before the trip back home. I could hear sounds of the newsroom in the background. I pictured her wrapped in a tight dress with her head cocked to the side and a comical frown on her face, but then she had to drop the twang and twist it into her own version of sugary sweetness. "Oh, but first, you're gonna tell me how are things going on over there between you and your ginger man?"

I sucked air like a dying person. "How do you know?"

you "I told you, I have my sources."

"Did Jansen tell you?"

"Hmmm, so he's the one you tell all your secrets to now?"

he's "Shit," I said under my breath. That woman knew how to play me. "Damn you, Roz." Her evil giggle met my ear over a distance of many, many miles. "Who's been ratting him out to you? And who the hell has he been talking to, anyway?"

"I do not reveal my sources and you know it. Besides, you still haven't answered my question. How are things with you two?"

"None of your business."

"Now, look here, girl. I know you and I have had our differences, and I did some shitty things to you that I wish I could take back, but I had my reasons. Don't be so hard on me. You could have told me you went and brought the man home to meet your family."

"I only did it, Roz, because you went and opened your damn mouth," I rasped into the phone, trying to keep my voice down. "If it weren't for you, I would never have asked him to come."

"Well then, don't you think you should be thanking me? Seeing as how things are going so well..."

My gut twitched with unease. "Who have you been talking to?"

"Oh, I had a nice long-winded conversation with someone early this morning."

"Did you talk to my mom?"

Rosalyn merely cleared her throat. I could see her twirling her dark hair, looking up at the ceiling as if she hadn't heard my question. "I don't know what you're talking about."

Not again. That mother of mine. I planned to have a nice long talk with her when all this was over and done with. About the picture on Facebook and her conversations with the Oprah Wannabe.

"I wonder," Rosalyn continued, "has your friend adapted well to the Morton family?"

friend "It hasn't been that bad, actually..." I could almost hear her smiling on the other end of the line. "...but that's not what I called about, Roz." The bathroom door jiggled. It didn't open, though. I had locked it. Someone knocked. "Um, I'll be right out! Sorry!"

"Where the hell are you?"

"Look," I said into my cell phone. "I don't have a lot of time to talk. I need you to do me a favor."

"What kind of favor?" Suspicion colored her tone, thick as the gathering clouds outside.

"You're one of the best investigative researchers in the business, and I need you to look into someone for me. I need you to dig up every infinitesimal piece of dirt you can find on her and send it to me wrapped in a pretty red bow. Think you can do that?"



"You know I can, but first I need to know why—"

"You're not allowed to ask, remember?" Another knock came at the door. Shit!

Shit! "Livy..."

"Roz."

"Roz." Heavy sigh. "One of these days, girl. What's the name?"

"Linda Elaine Crawford." Weaseled the middle name out of her while we were getting our nails done. I had to give up the horrid middle name Mom had given me to get it, but it was worth it. "Hails from Nevada, but lives in Los Angeles."

"Employment?"

"I have no idea. I'll find out, but I do know she uses an online dating service." I went on to describe her physically and promised to send a picture of her as soon as I could sneak one.

"How soon do you need this information?"

"Today, if possible."

"Who do you think I am? God? This is gonna take time, girl. I have a story to get ready for tonight's news."

"I need this, Roz. Please. Whatever dirt you can scrounge up."

There was a pause, and Rosalyn's voice changed from her typical insolence to careful concern. "Does this have something to do with Cal? Who is this woman?"

I told myself not to read too much into the concern that colored her tone. She didn't know Cal well enough to be concerned about him. Her concern was for me and how whatever it was would affect me. That was it. So, I answered, "She's my dad's girlfriend, and yeah, she has some connection to Cal. If you can find it, that would help. Callum Kearney." I cringed as I spelled his name out for her. "All I ask is that you don't dig into Cal's past. Please. He's extremely protective of it."

Please. "Don't you worry, Livy," she said. "Linda Elaine Crawford is the only name on my radar."

Surprising. I had expected her famous "I can't make any promises" comment. Rosalyn wasn't known as the Gossip Queen at KCAB for nothing. She couldn't keep a secret to save her life. But she had a softer side that many of the newbies saw, myself included, when times were tough. Had I been standing face to face with Rosalyn, I would have seen the face of the mother hen, the roost ruler, the same woman who had stepped out of her house and her comfortable clothes to find me when she thought I had lost my mind live on local television. Rosalyn's other nickname around the newsroom was Queen Mother. She looked upon everyone at KCAB as her kids, even Bob, and she took care of us as such. Yeah, she had her moments. She could be a bitch, too, and she made huge mistakes with some of us—me, in particular—but she would go to the ends of the Earth if we needed her for anything. I welcomed this side of Rosalyn with open arms.

"If this woman has dirt, girl," she continued. "Rosalyn Harris will be the one to find it."

"Thank you, Roz. Thank you so much."

"You can thank me after you tell me what's going on." And then there's that other side...

Thank God another knock came at the door, and this one came with a question: "Ma'am, are you okay?"

"I can't, Roz. Gotta go."

I hung up in the middle of Rosalyn's continued questions while simultaneously stamping her insolent personality into my head for future use. Grabbing a bottle of room spray, I choked the air with it, and seconds later, emerged from the bathroom with one hand on my abdomen. The spa technician standing outside the door looked at me with concern.

"Sorry," I said. "Feta cheese in my salad for lunch. I wouldn't go in there for at least ten minutes."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Linda will want you to talk about Cal. She'll want you to feed her machine. The more she has to work with, the more she'll think she can wear you down. So, feed her, feed her the dullest shit about Cal you can think of. Even as she lies to your face about him, be as truthful as you know how to be and do it without showing emotion. Show her that nothing she says about Cal can rattle your inner confidence either way.

Linda will want you to talk about Cal. She'll want you to feed her machine. The more she has to work with, the more she'll think she can wear you down. So, feed her, feed her the dullest shit about Cal you can think of. Even as she lies to your face about him, be as truthful as you know how to be and do it without showing emotion. Show her that nothing she says about Cal can rattle your inner confidence either way. Hard to do when everything about Cal rattled me. His voice. His walk. The color of his eyes. The way he looked at me with them. How well he dressed and how well he looked when he wasn't dressed at all. There wasn't anything about him that didn't rattle me to the core, up to and including the way he lived his life. His lifestyle was why I found myself in this predicament. Who he was as a person was why I found myself wanting to protect him.

Fingers dug into my back, minus Cal's tenderness. Across the room, another masseuse busily worked on Linda's back. With one cloth covering our rear ends, the masseuses did their job. I kept mostly quiet while Linda prattled, and here I thought the whole point of going to a spa was to bask in silent meditation while soaking up the technicians' attentions. Silence must scare Linda because she couldn't keep it for long.

"You would be surprised to learn how many people aren't willing to take advantage of such pampering. I treat myself at least once a month. Now, of course, I know not everyone is financially able to visit a spa once a month, but I would say once a year is not asking much. What do you think, Olivia?"

"I think people should destress in whatever way is natural for them."

"Speaking of natural, nothing relieves stress like an orgasm. I'm sure you ladies can agree." A smattering of laughter followed, and I added my own for shits and giggles, wishing Linda would shut up, but quickly followed by disappointment when she went on. "Here's a taboo subject for you. Have any of you... And be honest. Have any of you ever consulted a male escort?"

That was fast. I thought she might wait until we had a moment alone, but it would appear she was trying another tactic. My innards begged to curdle, but I held it together and held my tongue. For now.

"The closest I'll ever get to a male escort is the whopper of a dildo I keep at home," Maggie said with an embarrassed laugh. I couldn't help it. That was too funny not to join in.

Once the laughter died down, Linda continued, "Now, I'm a firm believer in women and their personal massagers, but I'm talking about a once in a lifetime, never to be repeated moment in your life."

"You mean like, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas?" the other masseuse asked. I hadn't seen her nametag.

"Precisely."

"Then, yeah. We didn't have sex, but I had a good time."

"When the hell did you do this?" Maggie asked her co-worker.

"A couple of years ago when some friends and I went to Vegas for my birthday."

I caught a glimpse of a gushing smile. As one who knows, I think she had more than a good time. This wasn't about the masseuse's experience, though. This was about Linda. Let's not forget that, and she made sure she reasserted herself within the next five seconds.

"What about you, Olivia darling? Have you ever hired a male escort?"

Logan said to be truthful.

"Best damn sex I ever had," I announced aloud and without emotion. Also, without skipping a beat, I added, "What about you, Linda darling? How many randy young bucks have you paid to fuck you?"

Reading that, you probably think I said it with every ounce of malice I could dredge up, but no. Simple, honest curiosity, folks. One of Rosalyn's greatest techniques. Believe me, I know. She seasoned her best insults with curiosity, and I laced every word of mine with it. In the aftermath, however, you could have heard a pin drop. Even Maggie's work on the back of my thighs came to a halt.



That, in my personal opinion, signaled the end of round two. This time I was winning. How do I know? Because Linda shut up for a while. She had no comeback designed to corner me. I stumped her, fair and square, and damn if it hadn't felt awesome!

It didn't stymie her forever, though. She eventually made a comeback, but I couldn't exactly call it a comeback any more than LL Cool J could have. Once the crickets started chirping and the night sounds returned (figuratively, that is), she started talking again, but on an entirely different topic altogether. She was seemingly unaffected by my open slight, as though she hadn't been the one to bring up the subject of male escorts in the first place. It dimmed the light of my victory for a moment because she wouldn't give me a reaction, but then I realized that to want one was to be just like her. So, I let it go. Her continued prattling gave me time to formulate my next move anyway.

Next move? First, it was a battle to the death with a beast. Then, it was a boxing match. Now, it's a game of chess. This wasn't a game and Cal wasn't a prize to be fought over. I just wanted this woman out of my life, out of my father's life, out of my family's life altogether, and away from Cal. I wasn't hers to pal around with, and nothing would change as long as I allowed Linda to act like we were the best of friends. I had tired of the verbal boxing match. Time to get down to the business of what Linda wanted, and I wasn't going to get it out of her on a masseuse's table.

So, I let her go on about all-natural beauty secrets and about my dad as though they were star-crossed lovers who met under unique circumstances and were destined for each other like Romeo and Juliet, or Jack and Rose on the Titanic. As if! They met online! And if I had anything to say about it, their relationship would end about as tragically as Shakespeare and James Cameron's characters had. In my story, however, Dad would be the one floating on a wooden door that could easily have fit two while Linda froze her ass off in twenty-eight-degree water. So, I nodded and agreed to everything she said but added little to the conversation while the masseuses finished the work of wrapping us in an herbal body wrap from neck to foot and adding one final mask to our facial treatment.

The final step in our spa excursion was a trip to the steamed bath and sauna room.

"You've been strangely quiet, Olivia," Linda asked while the technicians led us, wrapped in nice white towels, down a quiet, mood-lit hallway toward the sauna to wash away and steam out whatever impurities still existed within us. "Is everything all right between us? I hope I haven't angered you."

I played along. I let her schmooze and think she had the upper hand. "What would make you think that?"

"You just seem so... Oh, what's the word? Cold toward me. I want to be friends, Olivia. For your father's sake. If anything I said upset you, you should tell me."

Cold By that point, I had decided I was done playing her game. I gave her the sweetest smile a face smeared in a greenish-brown facial mask could. I might have looked as if I had dipped my face in doggie doo, but if it lent an air of spite to my smile, so much the better. "Don't worry, Linda. I have plenty I'd like to talk to you about."

Steam poured from the door Maggie opened. It was like an effect right out of a horror film. Linda raised a curious eyebrow followed by an insincere lift at the corner of her mouth. We slipped in to the sound of a jetted tub and the hissing of steam. Linda first. Me following. I made a promise to myself. I wasn't coming out of the sauna until I had sweated out every one of Linda's impurities and the air between us was as crystal clear as our understanding—she was to leave Cal and my family alone.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. That would have made for a good chapter ending, don't you think? But (big time facepalm moment here) it didn't quite happen the way I wanted it to. Our tense sauna experience turned out to be as predictable as the day's weather.

Must have been really strange for Logan. I mean, picture yourself in her shoes...

You're sitting there with your daughters, doing the mom-thing, making sure you look so super excited about how pretty your girls' nails and hair look. The beauticians had even given them a little bit of makeup to make them feel like big girls. All the while, though, your mind is on your best friend. You're worried about what might be happening between her and the "witchy woman" holed up inside the spa. Verbal sparring surely, but is your bestie winning the match? Has she weaseled the evil plans out of the witch, or has your bestie caved because she has a tendency to be a wimp? Thousands of ideas, good and bad, are rolling through your mind while you keep your girls entertained. Then, three things happen that blow your mental conjecture out the window.

First, the door to the spa opens and two uniformed police officers enter the building with serious faces. A spa technician enters from a back room, wide-eyed and a little shaky, to lead the cops from whence she came.

Second, as the minutes pass in anxious suspense and you think seriously about texting your bestie to ask her what the hell is going on, your bestie's father's girlfriend appears from the back with a technician at her side. She's ruffled, hair a mess, hiding a face devoid of makeup with one hand. Tears are running down her cheeks, and the technician is doing her best to soothe her. Wouldn't want to lose such a valuable customer. The girlfriend walks up to you with a heartfelt apology and gives you a couple of twenties to fetch a cab ride home, because, "I'm sorry, I... I just... I have to go." And that's when you see she's not only hiding a face without makeup, but also a striking reddish mark on her upper cheek. She then leaves you and your daughters, without any other explanation, stranded in the middle of Des Moines.

Third, your bestie appears. She's dressed haphazardly: hair wet and pulled into a ponytail, clothes a rumpled mess, and to top it off, the cops you watched walk in are now walking her out, one on either side of her, their hands grasping the crook of her elbows.

Your bestie is in handcuffs!

But that's not the shocking part. Oh no. Your bestie—the one who prepares and submits her taxes on time, is a model tenant, has never been late paying a bill in her life, doesn't party hardy or smoke or drinks to drunkenness (well, rarely), nor would ever in a million years think of doing anything remotely illegal that would result in her being dragged away in handcuffs (and if she ever were, she would be nauseatingly humiliated)—is smiling!

You're not witnessing a fake smile designed to keep from worrying your girls, one that says, "Look, girls. Auntie Ollie is taking a ride in a police car! Wanna come?" No. The smile you see stretching proudly from cheek to cheek is one of ruthless victory.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 45





Yes, boys and girls, I, Olivia Morton, the good girl from Iowa who wanted nothing more adventurous out of life than to predict the weather and bask in a tornado's breeze, had been handcuffed, stuffed in the back of a police car, and hauled off to jail. Believe it or not, I wasn't feeling too bad about it.





It was like a scene right out of that cable television show. What was it called? Locked Up or Jail or something. I don't remember. No, I wasn't throwing a fit or screaming or kicking my legs at the cops or anything. I went calmly. I surrendered myself and my belongings, allowed the female cop to pat me down, answered their questions, let them fingerprint me and gave them my mugshot with a smile. I was feeling particularly proud of myself. I know, it sounds pretty damn grim, or funny depending on your perspective. But, dear reader, as you'll soon come to understand, my pride didn't stem from slapping the shit out of Linda.

Locked Up Jail Yes, I did physically assault her. That's why I was arrested. Maybe you're thinking I've lost my marbles. Maybe you're thinking I'm as dumb as Rose prowling about the bowels of the Titanic while it's on the way down to the bottom of the ocean, yet punching the one person who could save her and her star-crossed lover from turning into fish food. Or, perhaps you think me as badass as Rose for spitting in the face of her fiancé (his name isn't important) and saying, "I'd rather be his whore than your wife!" And maybe you're right. On both counts.

Assaulting Linda was stupid, a risk to my livelihood and a risk to the future civility between Dad and I, but it felt really good. It felt right. I was a badass for a few seconds and she deserved every ounce of pain and humiliation I served her. Why?

was I'm getting to that.

Stripped of all my worldly possessions and gladly wearing the new black—orange, it's called orange—a female cop led me amiably to lockup. Guess what? I'm as good a prisoner as I am a tenant. Me and my girl cop actually got along pretty well. She'd never met someone so happy to have been arrested, and I never met a cop so nice. It was a win-win.

One drawback to the whole situation was sharing a cell with God knew what sort of women. There were three in the cell the cop brought me to. None of them looked like hardened criminals, but one could never be sure. Slapping the shit out of someone when you're full of piss and vinegar was one thing. Getting in a prison brawl when you have less fighting ability than a sloth was quite another.

"Don't worry," the cop said. "You'll be fine in here 'til someone comes to bail you out. If you have any problems, just give a shout."

Waiting wasn't a problem. It was the sitting and thinking that was going to drive me crazy. I knew Logan and Troy would come to my rescue, but the setting and posting of bail would take time; time to think about the ramifications of my actions. Depending on the outcome, that could be either a good thing or a bad one. The good outcome being the clear and distinct line it placed between Linda and me. She now could appreciate where I stood when it came to her putting her claws into anyone I care about. The bad outcome would be how my arrest might affect my job and my reputation as one of KCAB's Weather Specialists, particularly if someone with a vendetta (like Linda) tried to use it against me.

The biggest drawback to being locked up was the distance between Des Moines and Fairview. It took us about an hour to get from the ranch to Des Moines to the restaurant. It wouldn't take Linda any longer to return to Dad's house. She wasn't behind bars. She had free reign over my family while I languished. She'd tell Dad everything, which was fine. He needed to know, but she would spin it, twist it, pull the whole affair out of shape until it resembled nothing of what actually happened in the sauna.

I know you're dying to find out what happened between Linda and me, and I'm dying to tell you, but first things first.

"Wait," I told the cop. "Can I make my phone call first?"

"You waived your right to a phone call. You said someone was on the way."

"Yes, I did, but, we're talking about my dad here. He's not going to understand unless I explain it to him."

I had already given my cop friend the gist of the story, and because we were "friends" and I happened to be good at begging, she gave in and led me to a phone; not one of those phones where you have to make a collect call which identifies that the caller is making their call from behind bars, either. She let me use the station's phone. Probably just as bad, Caller-ID wise, but not nearly as bad as when he answered.

"Goddammit, girl! What the hell has got into you?"

I was five seconds away from meeting that Morton family rage head on. The bitch must have called him. I was too late. She had already told him everything and painted me to be the cold and calculating one. I was still family, dammit! I was still daddy's girl, and Linda had nothing on family.

I took an example from Cal, swallowed my pride, took the licks I deserved, and choked back my initial reply. "Dad, I need you to listen to me."

"Listen to you? You slapped Linda in the face! Have you lost your mind? Do you have any idea how this—?!"

"Dad!"

My cop friend touched my arm and said with less friendliness than she had before, "Keep it down."

I nodded, apologized, and went right back to Dad before he could start up again. I had his attention anyway. I knew I did. Because I knew what he was about to say before I cut him off. "You're damn right I know how this looks to the community. That's why I did it."

"What?"

"What?" "I did it for our family, so listen to me. Please. " Best throw that bit in there. "That's all I'm asking, Dad. You obviously heard her side already and she isn't even family. I'm your daughter, so you have to listen to me."

Please. I heard him suck in a breath, calm himself as best he could, and blow the rage out in one long, heavy breath. For Dad, that was saying a lot, and for me, it was validation that Dad cared more for his family than he ever could for Linda. I wasn't wrong there. She was one step below family. She hadn't yet climbed that extra wrung of the ladder in Dad's mind and it was my job to make sure she never did.

"Yes, I slapped Linda. I slapped her across the face so hard the back of her head hit the wall and I'm not sorry I did it. She deserved it." I thought about the images she sent to my phone and I shuddered. How could I tell him what I needed to tell him? "I don't know what she told you, Dad, but whatever she said was a lie wrapped up in just enough truth to make it believable."

"You've got about ten minutes before Linda pulls up in the drive, Olivia," Dad said, gritting his teeth. I could hear the sound of it over the phone.

"That's fine. The cop is only giving me five, and I can probably do it in less than that."

"You better have a damn good reason for the mark on Linda's face."

Great. She must have sent him a picture. Can't be any worse than the ones she sent me. "Oh, I do. Trust me. So, before Linda gets to distort it for you, let me tell you what really happened."

And while I'm at it, let me explain it to you as well, reader (only with more detail and dialog), how the war between Linda and I went from verbal to physical with a simple tap of the finger...



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 46





Our trip to the sauna started with a therapeutic shower designed to wash away the facial masks and herbal treatments applied to our bodies. The steam in the room was enough to block us both from each other's sight for a little while and to give me time to think. I knew what I wanted from Linda—the truth. It was time to stop jerking each other around and say what was really on each other's minds.





There weren't many people visiting the spa on a weekday, which worked out well. Linda and I were the only two sifting through the steam.

Our bodies and our hair redecorated in terry-cloth white, we each found a place to sit on cedar benches; and at the same time, I found an extra ounce of courage. Steam pulled it from me along with the sweat, about as easily as I would sweat the truth out of Linda.

Wrapped as comfortably as a pig in a blanket, and sitting with my back against the wall, I didn't wait for my nemesis to initiate the next round. Time to pull out all the stops. I was going in full steam ahead and I wasn't stopping until I heard the ding-ding of the bell and the bitch was down for the count.

"You know, Linda, you're lucky you never met Granny."

She looked over at me, drinking up the steam like an addict. "Who?" she asked.

"Granny. Dad's mom. She passed before Mom and Dad divorced, which was a good thing for Dad, because if she had been alive when he let Mom go, Granny would have torn him a new one. She could be an ornery old lady, my Granny, but she loved her family, and she loved my mom like she were her own daughter. She would have hated you, though."

The lackluster, steam-addicted expression on her face shot straight into surprise. "Excuse me."

"Oh yeah, Granny would have despised you."

Surprise melted into insult. "As you no doubt do, Olivia."

I shrugged. "I do believe Granny handed down to me one of her greatest gifts. She had a knack for figuring people out. She was real good at separating truth from bullshit, and she could see bullshit coming from a mile away. It's a pity she's gone because she would have spotted you before you had a chance to get your hands on my dad. She would have seen you for what you are."

"And just what is that?"

"A snake in the grass. Had I been as quick on the draw as Granny, I'd have caught you myself."

She huffed and sat forward. "You know, I thought I sensed a bit of animosity toward me the moment we met. Don't you think you're being a bit childish?"

"When we first met, yes. Someone was brave enough to point it out to me. But now? No."

"Really. You don't think it's childish to dislike me just because I'm seeing your father?"

"This isn't just about Dad, and you know it."

"Oh, Sweetheart. I promise I'm not trying to replace your mother."

Her sincerity was so intentionally fake it was comical, so I laughed. "My God, you are a piece of work. Tell the truth and shame the devil, Linda. That's what my granny would have said."

"The truth about what?"

"The truth about why and how you really met Dad."

"I told you the truth, Olivia. We met on an online dating site."

" 'We met,' or you sought him out?"

'We met,' "What is this all about?"

"Listen, Linda..."

I smiled. Don't ask me why, but I kept thinking about that viral video where the little boy backtalked his mother with a repetitive, Linda, lookit. Linda, listen. I also smiled because what I was about to say was nothing as close to being as cute as what that little kid said.

Linda, lookit. Linda, listen.

"This is about what we've been dancing around all afternoon. This is about Cal, Sweetheart, so don't fuck with me."

My dropping of the f-bomb (said with sugary sweetness, by the way) was partly an ode to Cal's influence over me, and partly for effect. I got what I wanted. All the subtlety drained out of Linda's face. It was like a veil had been removed, and behind it, I saw a raw vacancy of emotion, the kind in which Logan had attempted to school me. I could never have hoped to achieve what Linda had clearly mastered.

"I take it your brother told you."

"My brother didn't tell me anything. I just happen to think it a rather strange coincidence that you should pursue a man whose daughter happens to be seeing another man you claim to know?"

another man Linda sat back, crossed one sweaty leg over the other and turned away from me with an air of nonchalance that was thicker than the steam in the room. "Your father was supposed to have a talk with you about that. It's not a coincidence, Olivia, and I'm not lying. I do know Cal..." She turned to me with a one-sided grin that said she had something to hold over me. "...quite intimately, in fact."

That stung, as Linda knew it would. Still, I held to Cal's sense of calm and kept my composure. "You don't know shit about Cal. He may have his flaws and his hang-ups, but he is not the man you're making him out to be in front of my family."

A spark of anger darkened her eyes. "Everything I told your father was the truth."

"Whose version of the truth are we talking about? Yours? Or Cal's?"

I caught her there. She hesitated, searching for the right response, and when she did, I knew by the affected pity she drew over her features that it wasn't going to be anything sweet.

"Cal is a prostitute, Olivia. That's his truth, Sweetie, not mine."

"You pulled this trick with Dean already. It didn't work then, and it isn't going to work now. I already know. You can't hurt me with it."

"I wouldn't dream of hurting you, Sweetheart."

Linda reached across the damp cedar planks for my hand. I kept it out of her reach and crossed my arms without attempting to hide my contempt.

Her fake pity dropped like a stone and she sat back. "I'll only say this because I'm concerned about you, Olivia, and because I care about how this will affect your father. So, listen up. This relationship you think you have with Cal is false. He fucked you because someone paid him to. I gather he's fucking you now because he's still getting paid. Cal will fuck whoever in whatever way they want as long as they give him enough money. I should know. I asked him to fuck me in the ass, and he did because I paid him a lot of money to. Be careful you're not allowing your misguided feelings for him to cloud your judgment, sweetheart. " Her ensuing smile could have wilted a flower.

sweetheart. You might think this is where I snapped. I'm not going to lie. I wanted to pounce on her and beat her face into the seat until you couldn't tell where her ugly face ended and the treated wood began. But she said one thing in her entire demeaning oration that pinged with any sort of truth.

"Because someone paid him to...?" I asked.

someone It wasn't until I watched Linda's wicked smile falter that I started to understand what was going on. Only four people knew the details about the night Cal and I spent together—me, Cal, Rosalyn, and lastly Jansen. That "someone" Linda mentioned had been Rosalyn, but I know her too well to believe she would consort with someone like Linda. Rosalyn has a bitch-radar about as well-honed as Granny's. There was no way. And Jansen? No. Just no. Seriously? Don't even think it. It would be like accusing a Chihuahua of mauling a Pitbull.



"Who told you that?" I asked her.

She looked away. "I don't know what you're talking about, and I don't care to. I came here to relax, Olivia, not argue. So, let's forget about it."

But I wasn't about to relent. "Oh hell no. You're not going to spit in my face and then turn away when I'm ready to spit in yours. How do you know that I wasn't the one to pay Cal?"

Her smarmy smile returned. "Olivia, honestly. Someone like you, a fledgling television meteorologist, paying to have sex with a high-end male prostitute? Don't make me laugh. You don't make enough money to even so much as entice a man like Cal."

"But apparently you do. Is that how you get your rocks off when you can't find anyone on Elite Match dotcom?" I watched her left eye twitch. "Oh, come on, Linda. Tell me the bullshit story you told my dad and my little brother. Dad was gullible enough to believe it. Baylor's a tad smarter than that, though."

"Why should I waste my time? You obviously don't believe me."

"Because I know Cal, and I know you're a liar."

"Oh really?"

"Let's reverse the roles and situations in your ugly tale. Let's make Cal the victim and you the stalker, and I think we'd come a little closer to what really happened."

Linda wore the look of the wrongfully accused, but I saw what she tried to hide. I had figured her out.

"I was just grasping at straws before, trying to link Dad to your prior knowledge of Cal, but it makes sense now that I think about it. You knew. Somehow, you found out about my connection to Cal and you used me to cozy up to my dad. You knew that eventually, you could use my dad to work your way back to Cal."

Linda laughed. "You know, you're not as bright a girl as I had originally thought. Think about what you're saying for a minute, Olivia dear. Your father and I have been dating since the beginning of the year. You only met Cal a couple of months ago." She shook her head, gave me a tsk, tsk. "Ah, and I had such high hopes for you and I. Sad."

tsk, tsk. There's always a pivotal moment in any fight, where the up and coming contender thinks he's lost the battle. Had Logan been watching all this time, I think she would have been cheering me on. Now, though, she would be biting her fingernails, eyes wide, watching me go down for the count. I had just taken a blow from Linda that would be hard to come back from. She had me. My supposition was as full of hot air as she was. I could almost hear the Ref counting down the seconds before he called it a knockout.

There's another pivotal moment in a fight that just about every single movie uses. The one where the contender who thinks he's lost suddenly gets his second wind. Maybe he gets it from his coach, pounding a fist into the mat, demanding he get up. Maybe he gets it from his girl out in the crowds, praying for him to win. And sometimes, his second wind comes in a divine form, like a light coming down out of heaven. It comes from a memory of some kind, something someone once said or did that inspired him, or it's just a realization, an affirmation that he has what it takes to win the fight.

In my case, my pivotal moment came when I realized Linda was right.

You're thinking, Wait. What?

Wait. What? You're confused. I get it. But my supposition really was full of hot air. There was no way Linda could have used my Dad to work her way to Cal. The two timelines didn't jive. I met Cal in June. Linda and Dad hooked up sometime after I moved to Sacramento. Linda wouldn't have known about me when she met Dad. She wouldn't have had a reason to work her magic on Dad because I didn't know Cal then.

And that's when the answer hit me like a light right out of heaven. "Oh my God," I said, looking up at Linda just as two and two came together to make four.



Her smiled faded. "What?"

"You're right," I said, breathless with this newfound knowledge. The understanding drew a smile from me that killed Linda's. "I didn't know Cal. He knew me."

I thought of the watch he left behind for me to find and how it had beeped precisely at ten pm every night it spent in my linen closet. "Ten o'clock is when my favorite late night news program airs," Cal had said. "I never miss the weather."

"Ten o'clock is when my favorite late night news program airs," "I never miss the weather." I thought of him standing at the end of the table at O'Henry's, martini in hand, giving me that quirky half-smile and asking, "It's Livy, isn't it?"

"It's Livy, isn't it?" "Do I know you, Mr. Cal?", was what I asked him, and he'd answered, "...no, you don't. Though, I've seen you on television. Your 'late night weather review.'"

"Do I know you, Mr. Cal?", "...no, you don't. Though, I've seen you on television. Your 'late night weather review.'" Of course, I didn't know him, but Cal knew who I was from the second he stood at my table. He'd been watching me on the news for probably as long as I'd been working at KCAB. Whatever grudge Linda held against Cal, she began to cultivate long before she met Dad. Still, she used my dad. When she couldn't satisfy her vengeance for whatever wrong she felt Cal had done to her, she sought out the one person who could inadvertently help her in the business of revenge. What better way to send Cal the message "you can't get rid of me so easily" than to infiltrate the family of the woman he's interested in. Somehow, through someone, Linda found out about Cal's feelings for me and she used it against him.

I covered my mouth with a trembling hand. It was all starting to make sense. "Is that how long Cal's been in...?"

I couldn't say the words. Cal could. He said those three stupid little words with ease last night. He said, "I love you," because he meant it, because unlike myself, he had time to develop his feelings. I didn't. I smiled and talked into a camera every evening while news anchors like Rosalyn called me "Livy" on air. I did my job and I went home to read a book or clean house or lament the fact that I couldn't have a cat or a dog to play with. I didn't think I was making a big dent in anyone's life except for the few times when I got the forecast wrong. How could I have known he was watching me? How could I have known I was making someone like Cal fall in love with me? I was just being myself.

"I love you," But someone knew. Linda couldn't have been the only one to figure it out. Someone had to have told her about me. Rosalyn? No. I still don't believe it. Yeah, Rosalyn ratted the existence of Cal out to Mom, and yeah, she enjoys gossip more than the average news anchor, but Rosalyn would have sniffed out Linda's ulterior motives without even trying. (She's that good.) And what's more, Rosalyn knew hardly anything of Cal at the time. Cal said so on our very first night. A client had referred him, a client that was a friend of Rosalyn's. Could she be the one who had spilled the beans to Linda and gotten this ugly ball rolling?

that friend This snowball's worth of information had hit me all at the same time, and I took it about as well as you might expect. You think you're confused? I was having trouble believing any of this conjecture myself. I fought to catch my breath. I gripped the edge of the seat hard enough to hear the wood creak. I needed to talk to Rosalyn. Shit, I needed to talk to Cal! I needed someone to give me the freakin' truth!

But then Linda had the nerve to speak.

"Is that how long he's been in what , Olivia? In love with you?" She laughed. "You are sadly deluded, my dear girl, if you think a man as shallow as Cal, who cares more about the size of his cock and the lining of his pocketbook, could possibly be in love with someone as plain as you."

what You might think this was the moment in which I snapped. No, it wasn't, but Linda's caustic laughter was what wore the shock right out of me. She had tried everything in her bag of bitch tricks to twist my image of Cal, to make him seem like a cold-hearted villain, and for a while there, I thought she might have won, but from that second onward, I plugged back into Cal all the way. My doubts about him vanished like mist. My feelings for him weren't misguided or clouded. They were real, as real as my desire to let Linda continue to sink herself.

this

Take a listen.

"All this time..." She laughed again with enough acerbity to make the steam feel like an acid bath. "Well, I figured you might be dumb enough to fall for his game. That's what he does, you see. He makes women fall for him. He fucks them for all their worth, and just when he thinks he has them where he wants them, he dumps them like garbage. I had hoped you would have seen that side of him by now. Had you, your mind would be more open to seeing the potential of what I'm attempting to accomplish here. Cal has you fooled. You think this is all about Cal, and it's not. It's always been about family. Your father wants you to stay home, Olivia, to invest yourself in the family business. I only want to help you do that. Imagine the future of the breeding farm with my business sense and your people skills. You know where I'm heading with this, Olivia. Give me another couple of months and I'll be a Morton, too. I'll be your stepmother."

My stomach turned. "I'd rather eat dirt."

Linda sighed. "And your childish hatred of me is where you make your mistake. I love your father. I'll make a good wife for him one day, and oh, who knows, maybe one day I'll co-own the ranch. I will do whatever I can to make Bryan happy, and if keeping him happy means protecting his daughter from outside influences, then I will do everything in my power to exorcise Cal from within the Morton family sphere."

No, I still haven't snapped. Apparently, I can take a lot. Up until then, I hadn't wanted to lower myself to her standards, but I couldn't think of another comeback.

I threw my head back and laughed. "Oh my God, you really are a dumb bitch."

The pure, unadulterated shock on Linda's face when she turned to me was priceless. I'd have picked it over a million dollars any day.

"How dare you say that to me?"

I laughed. "Because it's true. You have to be a dumb bitch to tell me everything you just did. Thanks. I can't wait to tell Dad."

"Tell him what? That I love him. That I want to make him happy. Please, Olivia."

"No, dummy. That you plan on taking over my dad's business and you want me to help you do it. You just bought yourself a one-way ticket out of Iowa."

Linda may not have had Rosalyn's shank-worthy nails, but she sure had the glare down. Better than Rosalyn's, I might add. She kinda scared me for a second with her vacant, emotionless stare. Rosalyn's was in-your-face aggressive. The kind that let you know you were two seconds away from being bitch slapped. Linda's glare gave the impression she was planning your demise in a particularly gruesome manner in which the evidence would never link back to her and no one would ever find your body. Froze me to the bone. Then, she got to her feet and walked calmly out of the sauna. She didn't even let the door slam.

Okay, you're wondering where the episode of Snapped went detailing Olivia Morton's break from sanity wherein she beat one Linda Crawford into the ground. It's coming. But first, I had to take a breather. I had to think about all this for a minute. It's not every day you realize that a drop dead gorgeous man has been in love with you, or at the very least infatuated with you for months— HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE?— and the woman he spurned has tried every tactic she can to get back at him, one of which involves weaseling her way into your family. My life had become an insane roller coaster of drama. It was a freakin' romance novel! I felt duped like Elizabeth Bennet did after sympathizing with and defending one George Wickham only to have discovered that he was nothing more than a useless asshole.

Snapped HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE?— The useless asshole being Linda, of course, not Cal. Although, I did feel a bit duped by him, too. It was like being at the center of a controversy you knew nothing about and was only just learning of. It was weird, to put it mildly.



But I was also giving Linda time to clear out of the place. I didn't want to meet up with her in the locker room or anywhere else for that matter. My hope was that she would get dressed, pay my father's money and get the hell out of there. Logan and I could catch a cab back home. Hell, I'd walk home if I had to.

Maggie arrived a few minutes later, questions in her eyes and asking with more cheer than she should, "Is everything okay in here?" I feared she continued to worry about my bathroom escapade, but thankfully, another couple wanted use of the sauna. So, I happily vacated the area. I was equally happy to find that by the time I got to the locker room, Linda was gone. The locker that once held her purse and clothes was empty.

If I knew Linda, which I don't, but if I did, I figure she wouldn't leave the building unless her hair and makeup were done. I don't have that much vanity. I could easily throw my hair into a ponytail, slip on my clothes, get Logan's attention and beat a hasty retreat home before the bitch was pretty enough to step outside into the cold light of day.

That's what I did. Well, that's what I began to do. I threw my clothes on quickly even though my body was still damp, pulled my hair back into that haphazard ponytail Logan would eventually see when the cops walked me out to the waiting police car, and took my cell phone out of my purse.

Photograph after photograph had appeared on my phone in the form of text messages. Each one looked as if they were stills from a hidden camera in a hotel bedroom. I lost all stamina. My knees had no more strength. I must have sat hard enough on the bench to hurt my rear end because I didn't feel it until much later.

The images were of a man and a woman, naked, in various sexual positions. I didn't look at the pictures for very long. I didn't have to. I knew who the people in them were. The woman was Linda. The man I knew to be Cal. In one of the shots, freeze-framed and a little fuzzy, I could quite clearly see his face full on. Linda's face was partially obscured by her nearness to the camera, which must have been hidden in a bedside lamp, but she was easily discernible, her mouth an open O at the camera. And Cal...well, I already know how he looks when he's in the throes of an orgasm.

That, dear reader, is when I snapped.

I left my open purse in the locker room and forgot the phone was even still in my hand when I marched down the mood-lit hallway, looking through every open door (even if I had to open them myself) until several technicians began to ask me if I were okay. I think that's what they were asking me since I had ceased to be able to hear anything. I saw only the red dot on my mental GPS that led me to Linda.

And there she was, sitting comfortably in a chair, eyes closed while a stylist blow-dried her hair, a smug little smile framing the corners of her mouth. It was a good thing I didn't have a weapon. I probably would have found myself in solitary facing murder charges instead of simple battery.

She must have heard me coming, or maybe she heard the technicians attempting to stop me. When Linda's eyes opened, her smug smile fell to the floor. She said something as she scurried out of the stylist's chair and backed away from me. Maybe she called me crazy. I don't know, but she would have been right.

I'm not one of those girls who go on jealous tirades, dear reader. I never did it with Dean, and he had seen several other women in the time we'd been apart. If the significant other in a relationship cheats, I don't blame the person he cheated with. I blame the cheater. Right? Isn't that how it goes? What sense does it make to blame the other person? The cheater is the one who broke the trust. Only in this situation, there was no cheater. There was no trust. This happened long before I met Cal, and though I hate his lifestyle and the sight of those images hurt worse than a knife in the back, I couldn't blame him for doing what he does best.

Linda's intent was what set me off. She wanted to hurt me, and she did. She wanted to alter my image of Cal, and she did. Knowing what Cal did for a living was maybe something I could put out of my mind, forget about, pretend it didn't really exist, at least for a little while, but seeing what Cal did for a living is something I will never get rid of.

seeing So yeah, I slapped the shit out of her. Yeah, the back of her head hit the wall with a loud BONK . She went down. I straddled her and I was rearing back for another go when someone tackled me. My phone went skittering several feet from me, but the way it landed—propped up against the base of another stylist's chair—happened just at the same time as another text message came through.

BONK It was Rosalyn. "Girl, you were right. That bitch is on her third husband!"





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 47





The cell door opened to the sight of another female officer. She had a no nonsense attitude and an intimidating stare to go with it. She glared at each woman in turn until her eyes stopped on me. Was it the Morton family heritage of red hair the good Lord above decided to grace me with, or that out of everyone else in the room, I looked the most guilty?

"Olivia Morton?"

"Yeah?"

Officer Intimidating didn't have the same disposition as my cop friend, nor was she as patient. She curled her fingers at me so quick and hard, they popped in the palm of her hand. As though her fingers were the flute of a snake charmer, I obediently rose out of my seat and went to meet her. I had no wish to tick this lady off.

She ushered me out before closing and locking the cell door behind me.

I braved my fear of her wrath to ask, "Is something wrong?"

"Only if you think there's something wrong with the charges against you being dropped?"

I froze midstride. "What? Are you sure? That can't be right." Was it April Fool's day and nobody told me?

The woman looked at me as everyone else had today and reached for the keys at her belt. "I can put you right back in there."

I held up both hands. "No. No. I'm just surprised, is all."

"Be happy you're getting a second chance. Now, follow me."

"Yes, ma'am."

Surprised wasn't really the word. Shocked maybe. Only a couple of hours had passed since I hung up with Dad. I expected to rot in jail for the better part of the day before someone came to my rescue, before I got a chance to talk to Troy and have him relate what would happen when I went before a judge. No judge now, it would seem. I was kind of looking forward to prison food after my barely there lunch earlier in the afternoon. I was starving.

My plan when I got out of there was to wrangle up Cal and my family and go out to eat at the best restaurant in Des Moines. I didn't care how much it cost because Rosalyn's last text message had burned an image into the middle of my brain and I desperately wanted to know what else she might have scrounged up (had she meant "on her third husband" as in currently-married or as in the-second-one-was-in-a-pine-box-and-she-was-working-on-a-third?). Rosalyn can dig up dirt faster than anyone I have ever known. There's a reason she usually does the investigative stories for the station. I had no doubt Rosalyn had amassed more information in the time since her last text message and I was dying to know what she found. For the moment, however, I had enough evidence to kick Linda out of my family for good. Time to celebrate.

The officer led me in my orange jumpers to the second locker room of my day, where she returned my clothes and let me dress while I tried to wrap my mind around this sudden change of events. What could it mean? And why would Linda do it? Had Dad guilted her into submission? Seemed unlikely. She pretty much had Dad under her thumb. And besides, I hadn't told Dad everything. I left out Rosalyn's text. It would have been too much for him. If he truly had some feelings for this woman (hard to fathom, I know), it would break his heart, and I didn't want to do that to him. Maybe Troy had pulled some sort of magical legal strings and freed me.

Whatever, or whoever, was responsible for my freedom, I owed them my eternal gratitude even if I was a little miffed to not have my chance to stand up in court and declare to the world what a horrible person Linda Crawford really was. Freedom and Rosalyn's hard work would offer me an alternate route to that glory.

Shrugging on my clothes as haphazardly as I had at the spa, I pulled my hair back into its ugly ponytail now that the elastic band had been returned to me. At the booking station, I waited with toe-tapping impatience as another officer returned my things. Everything was as it should be—nothing missing from my purse, the few pieces of jewelry I'd thrown on this morning still there, and my phone lay intact inside a plastic baggie. The officer took his sweet time processing my things and handed me what seemed like reams of paperwork to sign. All I wanted to do was be escorted out so that I could check my messages without a law enforcement officer staring over my shoulder.



No such luck. I went through fifteen minutes of that crap just to get my phone back, and by the time the officer handed it to me, I noted my phone had been powered off. I grumbled, signed my last sheet of paper saying that all my belongings were in order and as I had left them, and then a few minutes later the female officer led me toward a waiting room.

"Is someone here to pick me up?" I asked.

"Girl, you're luckier than most. You got a shitload of people waiting for you."

"Yeah?"

I'm ashamed to say I was excited. I physically assaulted a woman. I should only be ashamed, and maybe a little anxious. I was anxious, about Mom and the sort of anxiety she might have built up all on her own, as well as the potential conversation taking place between Dad and Linda. I was impatient, too, to know the outcome of Rosalyn's hard work.

was But mostly I was excited. You see, there was someone I wanted to see so bad I could taste it. Hell, I could taste him . I couldn't wait to wrap my arms around him and kiss him so hard he could feel it in his soul.

him You guessed it. My Cal. That's right. He's mine. He's my Callum. No one else in his past, and probably in his future, could ever lay claim to him the way that I had because I had claimed his heart. I don't know how, I don't know why, and it kind of scared me a little because I hadn't planned on him meaning as much to me as he does, but I embraced it. No more pretenses. No more lies. I was ready to "just be" whatever Cal wanted me to be.

I know I'm a little late to the game. You've probably been trying to tell me this from the start, but I get it now. I saw every gesture, every smile, and every kiss I received from Cal in a new light. Every word he ever said to me, I heard differently. I feel like I've known him my entire life, as though from the moment we met something inside clicked, something that said, "There you are. Where have you been all my life? I've been looking for you." No one had ever laid so bold a claim to my heart as Cal had. I would do anything to protect him, up to and including decking a bitch and getting myself arrested. Why?

The door to the waiting room opened in slow motion. It was like waiting for the curtain to rise on a Broadway play (kind of like Hamilton ). The tension in me was that thick. The start of a new chapter in my life waited for me on the other side of that door, and it scared the hell out of me. I hadn't felt that in a long time. Scratch that. I'd never felt that before in my life. My heart hammered. My eyes watered. My bottom lip began to tremble even though I was smiling from ear to ear. It was awesome. It was terrifying. It was nauseating. It was like nothing I ever felt with Dean, and I didn't want to know why. I didn't want to think the words. How the hell does one make sense of these crazy emotions? How can you possibly fit them into three stupid little words?

Hamilton that The door opened. I searched for blue eyes and a tall, slender frame, and the first person I saw was Baylor.

"Felon!" he cried with a rapturous smile that was so beautiful on him. He was going to break someone's heart one day. "My big sister is a freakin' felon. That's so awesome!" Beautiful smile or not, that earned him a swat and a hug. "Tell me you put the hag in her place, Liv-meister."

and " We both put the hag in her place and she's gonna stay there."

We "You're a mega badass and I love you."

Baylor wasn't the only one to wrap arms around me. Logan came next.

"Oh my God, Ollie, you scared the shit out of me," she said, sounding terrified and wounded at the same time. "Don't you ever do that to me again, unless we're doing it together. I could have helped, dammit! We could have been like Thelma and Louise!"

Troy pulled me into his arms next. "Don't worry about any legal ramifications, Livy. You're good."

"What the hell happened, Troy? Did she drop the charges?"

she Troy nodded with a smile and probably would have said more, but he never got a chance. Mom yanked me away so fast the room spun.

She pulled me into a bear hug just long enough to ask, "Oh my baby girl, are you okay?" Then in a flash, she was pulling me away to hold my face in her hands. "Did anything happen to you in there? Were you hurt?"

"No, I'm fine. My slapping hand hurts, but I feel pretty damn good."

That got the intended laugh, but it wasn't enough. I looked over Mom's shoulder, searching the room for the drab grey-colored dress shirt and trousers I saw that morning, for a ginger complexion and bright blue eyes, for a smile that could ignite my fire.

But he wasn't there.

"Where's Cal?"

The second I said it, I wish I hadn't. The laughter in the room petered out, and the smiles faded. Baylor lowered his head. Logan barely concealed the sneer curling her upper lip. And Mom... Well, Mom just looked pained.

"What? Didn't Cal come with you?"

Mom looked me in the eyes, and with a sigh, she said, "No, honey, he didn't come."

"Well, where the hell is he?"

"Livy," Troy began with an uncomfortable clearing of his throat. "Before I could do any legal maneuvering on your behalf, your friend stepped in. He's the reason Linda dropped the charges."

My gaze went from Troy's discomfort to Logan's contempt, to Baylor's dejection, and then back to Mom's sympathy. Of every emotion they could possibly express to me, there was one look that read volumes and yet said nothing at all—apology. My chest began to hurt.

"I don't understand. What did he do?"

This time, Troy was the one to bow his head. He didn't have the guts to tell me. Nobody did. Nobody but Mom.

"Livy, honey, Cal made a deal with Linda." Mom reached into her purse and took out an envelope. On it, my name had been written in a fluid and elegant hand. She handed it to me, but I wouldn't take it. I didn't want it. All I wanted was Cal, not this heavy weight on my chest, not the envelope, and not Mom's pity.

"What kind of deal? You don't make deals with a woman like that. What are you talking about?"

Mom offered the envelope again. "Cal wanted me to give you this. He said it would explain everything."

"I don't want his damn explanations! I want to know where he is."

Mom squared her shoulders like a bulwark, letting my anger crash over her but not allowing it to overtake her. She knew I could be as ornery as Granny when I was angry. Cal had to learn that the hard way. Mom had known for just about ever.

"He's gone, Livy. Cal left."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Part Six - KEEP CALM and Let Karma Do All the Work





Have you ever cried so hard and for so long your head feels like a melon, and after, you couldn't walk or go about your normal activities if you tried?





Yeah, me too.

It's like being hungover, where the only thing your body can handle is water and maybe a bite of dry bread. You soak your pillow with so many tears you can probably wring out enough liquid to fill a five-gallon bucket.

I cried in my mother's arms when Dean broke up with me. I thought I was dying. I thought my whole world had begun to disintegrate, starting with Mom and Dad's separation. Dean walking away made me think I couldn't go on. But I did. Eventually, I got over him and I moved on. At the time, I thought I had come face to face with true heartbreak.

Boy, was I wrong.

When the heartbreak is real, it can be so great, you feel nothing. No emotion could properly express the hole in my heart. I felt scoured like the earth after the passing of a tornado; cored and burned out like a tree struck by lightning. I was empty, hollowed out. I couldn't feel sad or angry. I had no immediate desire, even with that imbedded Morton curiosity in place, to want to know why Cal had left. I thought I already knew. Cal and I existed on opposite sides of life. We were like the sun and the moon. Our paths should never have crossed. Our destinies were never going to align. He would always be on one side, and I would always be on the other.

So, why did it feel like I would never be whole again?

Let's skip forward. I don't want to go into the seconds after Mom dropped that bomb on me. I don't really want to go into the drive home, either, but I'll touch on it simply because it was proof that I could still function. Cal leaving hadn't disabled me or reduced me to a sobbing mass of tears, but I came close to falling over that precipice of tears on the drive home.

The ride was eerily awkward for family members who weren't capable of keeping a single thought to themselves to save their lives. No one spoke, not of the short-lived victory against Linda and not of Cal. There was nothing to say.

Troy drove and Logan sat up front with him, though she would look back at me every now and then. I saw her out the corner of my eye, but I never looked at her. I never looked at anyone. Not even Mom, who kept her arm around me the whole time (the envelope in her purse was a tiny sun, its light begging me to rip it open and read what was inside, but I was too afraid to get close to it, afraid to get burned), but the one who almost set off the waterworks was Baylor. I wouldn't look at him either. I wasn't feeling much like a "mega badass." Still, he took my hand like he used to when he was little. He took it and he held it all the way home.

We took the main road into town, back to Mom's, but that wasn't where I wanted to go. I didn't care to be coddled. I needed to see for myself. I needed to make myself believe that Cal was gone because it didn't feel real. Logan was against it. Pissed her off. She didn't see the point in chasing down someone who wasn't there, who had run off in no better fashion than Dean had. I guess I understood. This bizarre thing between Cal and I wasn't a movie. He wasn't Jack Dawson and I wasn't Rose DeWitt Bukater and Dad's ranch wasn't the Titanic. Logan's my best friend, though, and best friends don't like to see best friends hurt, especially when the best friend is piling the hurt on herself. But I couldn't find a way to care that chasing after Cal pissed Logan off. I couldn't feel anything. I was numb, in shock, not feeling my pain and incapable of feeling theirs.

So, I made them take the back roads to the house Mom said she would never step foot in again. Believe it or not, Mom went without any verbal protest. I know. Weird, right? Mom going back to the farm? Her anxiety had rolled in like a storm front all the way there, like the one rolling over our heads right that moment. By the time we reached the house, the sky had darkened exponentially. Clouds were roiling overhead and there was lightning in the distance. Thunder rumbled over flat Iowa ground and reached us with a boom as we took the curving road that led to the main house. The house wasn't our destination, though. We avoided it, taking the road around it to the rear, passing pens devoid of horses and stables filled with them because of the approaching weather.



Mom's eyes followed the main house as we rounded it and left it behind. Mine stayed forward, to the road and the apartment ahead. My heart beat at an unsteady rhythm. My breath quickened. I didn't know what I expected to see when I got there. A car maybe, its trunk opened to accept luggage? But there was no car. Mitzi wasn't even in her pen.

We stopped. Logan turned in her seat. "Ollie, I don't have to tell you I think this is a bad idea."

"No, you don't," I said and got out of the car. I didn't wait for them. I practically jumped over Baylor, out into the unseasonably cool air twisting and kicking up dirt with mini-whirlwinds. It shot through my hair, and the sudden temperature change pulled goose pimples out on my arms, but I moved through it, up the stairs and into the apartment in no time.

"Cal?"

I don't know why I called his name. He wasn't there. Still, I crossed the kitchen and living room into the bedroom as though he were, as though I would find him like I did yesterday packing a bag to go to Mom's. Any second he would emerge from the closet and jump because I put the heart in him crossways.

There were no bags sitting on the bed. His shoes weren't on the floor by the nightstand. I know. I looked.

I went to the closet. Thick clouds and darkening skies outside helped the shadows to gather within the small space. My shaky fingers fumbled for the switch just inside the closet door, flipped it, and found it empty except for my clothes and my bags.

He was gone. He was really gone.

I turned off the light and stared into the darkness for a while. Hard to say how long. Lightning cracked. Thunder rumbled low and long. If it weren't for the creaking of the floorboards, I might have stayed frozen there indefinitely. I had one thought when I pulled the door shut to see who stood on the other side of it; one tiny spark of hope that fizzled into cold air as soon as I saw Mom standing in the bedroom with the envelope in her hand.

"Are you okay, honey?"

"Yeah, I'm fine." I didn't stutter. My voice didn't break.

"Livy..."

"I'm okay, Mom. I'm just..." I shrugged.

Mom sighed. "I tried to talk him out of it, you know, but he wouldn't hear me. He'd made up his mind."

"Cal's stubborn like that."

I heard her expel the softest breath. There was a smile in her voice when she said, "He says you're the stubborn one."

"Yeah? Maybe I am..." And then it hit. I don't know where it had hidden in the hour it took to get from Des Moines back to the ranch, but when it came, it came out steaming. What am I talking about? That old Morton family anger. "But I didn't bail on him. I didn't walk away."

"Livy, I think you've misunderstood..."

"Have I? If Cal had been the one in jail, I would have been there for him. I wouldn't have turned tail and run."

"Livy, don't say that," Mom said, caution in her tone. "Cal loves you."

"Well, he's got a damn funny way of showing it."

Knowing how he felt, and knowing he chose not to be there for me to return the sentiment set off a firestorm inside of me I didn't know how to douse. I couldn't retaliate. I couldn't tell him off. I couldn't take it out on my mom, even though I sorta did. What could I do but turn away, stomp a few feet in the opposite direction and fall back onto the bed hard enough to upend the comforter and toss a few pillows. I felt lied to, taken for a ride, made to feel like I meant something when I didn't. All I knew was that Cal had walked away. Just like Dean. I was too angry with Cal to make sense of what I was really feeling—heartbroken. I refused to let it sink in.



That is until Mom threw it in my face. "Olivia Rosamund Morton, it's time you grew up and stopped acting like a spoiled brat."

I sat up on my elbows, mouth ajar, frown of the utterly flabbergasted twisting my face. "What?"

"You heard me," she said, hands on her hips, fingers tapping. "You're a twenty-eight-year-old woman with a college education, a job, an apartment, and a car note. Act like one."

I knew that reprimanding look. That was the look of a mother I hadn't seen since I exited my teenage years. Seventeen, I'd been, and busted for being out past curfew. Yes, I grew up with a curfew. The worst part was I had been drinking and driving. Mom had been right to reprove me then. But now?

and driving. "What the hell did I do?"

"You're moping, feeling sorry for yourself when you have no one to blame for this outcome but yourself."

"Mom!" Hearing that accusation come from my own mother sprung the tears into my eyes faster than Cal's departure ever could have.

"Don't 'Mom' me," she demanded with a pointed finger. "This isn't my fault, it's not your dad's, and it's not the fault of the whore he shacked up with. And I will not allow you to blame Callum. You got yourself into this situation, Olivia."

I jumped to my feet. "That is not true! I did it for you, Mom! Because you couldn't live with the fact that I was content with being single, that I wasn't as miserably lonely as you are."

The ugliness of my words didn't dawn on me until Mom rocked backward as if slapped and hung her head. I hadn't angered her. I'd reopened an old wound. It's true. I really am the worst daughter in the world.

I hid my face behind my hands. "I'm sorry, Mom. I shouldn't have said that."

She could have crumbled like she had the night of my birthday party, but she didn't. She'd found a well of strength. From where, I don't know, but it straightened her shoulders.

"No, you're right," she said before raising her eyes and looking pointedly at me. "I may have pushed you to find someone, but I didn't force Callum on you, Olivia. You're the one who chose to pursue a relationship with a man you knew worked in the sex industry."

The verbal slap I handed Mom returned to me doubled. My knees gave way and my ass landed back on the bed. "How did you—?"

"He told me. He corrected my misunderstanding and told me everything he reasonably could tell a mother, but I got the gist of it, and I understand why you felt the need to make up a story. I just wish you would have been honest with me from the beginning."

"What—what did you say to him?"

She shook her head as if to say the specifics didn't matter. "Sometimes people have to make tough choices in life, Livy. Sometimes people have to make the only choice they can to survive. I understand that. Callum made the choices he felt were right for him at the time and it would have been wrong of me to find fault in him for it."

A sigh of relief escaped me that made Mom frown. Cal knew better than I did that Mom would be understanding. He had said, "She'll listen. She won't judge." And he had been right. I couldn't see that. What Mom saw in my sigh was that I hadn't thought her capable of showing Cal compassion.

"She'll listen. She won't judge." "He's a good man, Olivia; a man I would feel proud to call my son. He doesn't deserve your anger. He had to make a choice the same as you, and now you have to live with it."

I could hardly see Mom. Her image wavered as if she were underwater. "He left because of me? Because of what happened with Linda?"

Mom took a seat beside me on the bed. With her free hand, she grasped mine, and with the other, she held up the envelope. "The answer to your question is in here, but first I want you to tell me something."



"What?"

"Do you love him?"

I looked away. I wasn't ready to say that, not to Mom, not to anyone. Even if you had been there, dear reader, I wouldn't have wanted to tell you. It was too improbable, too enormous to say aloud.

Mom didn't give up, though. "I would have asked you the day you brought Callum to meet me, but I already knew. I saw it in the way you looked at him."

"Then why bother asking me now?"

As soon as my attitude crept back in, the old Mom returned, the one who didn't break when I had something unpleasant to say. "Goddammit, Olivia, because you won't say it unless I make you, and you won't feel it unless you say it. So, say it. "

say it. I answered her demand with a shake of my head. "Bullshit. You can't tell that with a simple look."

"Of course I can."

"Oh yeah? How?"

She held the envelope up. "Say it, or this will stay with me."

With only a few words, Mom raised the ante like the puck on a high striker at the carnival. I wanted to snatch the envelope out of Mom's hand in a childish version of keep-away, but I didn't. She was right. I didn't want to say it. I turned away from her, not grabbing at the bait. I fought her, and for a second, I thought I'd won the battle. Then she sighed, like one did when giving in, but I soon found out she meant to break me.

"I know because I'm your mother, Olivia, and because you never looked at Dean the way you look at Callum."

And that's when the emptiness, hard as a rock wall around my heart, began to crumble. The pain that begged to gain entrance tore it down and poured in as molten metal. It burned just as badly. Simply taking a breath hurt.

"Stop fighting it," Mom said, giving me a light shake. "It's not so terrible to be in love."

"Yes, it is," I said, my face twisted up and my bottom lip a quivering mess. "It's not supposed to hurt like this."

"Of course, it hurts. It always hurts when its real, Livy. I should know."

The floodgates opened then. The tears fell as unhindered as the warring emotions in my heart. "I love him, Mamma. I love him and it hurts so bad."

"I know it does, baby."

Mom didn't hesitate to wrap her arms around me even after the ugly things I said. That's what a good mother does. She takes the shit her kids hand her throughout her life and gives back nothing but love because, if she's done her job right, she knows she'll get love back in return. It takes time to wade through the shit to get there, though, and Mom got there a long time ago.

And so, the past repeated itself. I found myself crying in my mother's arms just as I had years ago when Dean left, but this pain had no equal. It was worse because I knew I wasn't dying. My world wasn't ending. I would be able to go on, and one day, I would get over him. What made it worse was knowing I didn't want to get over Cal. He was the one person I didn't care a hoot about until he invaded my life, the life I thought was hunky-dory until he popped into my existence. Now, I couldn't imagine my life without him. I couldn't imagine ever living without him. I knew I could, but I didn't want to.

"Why did he leave, Mamma? What did I do?"

"You didn't do anything, baby," she said and kissed the top of my head. "Cal loves you too much to leave because of you. He left for you."

for I lifted my head, tears still streaming down my face, and asked, " For me? I don't understand."

For me? Mom's answer was to take my wrist and put the envelope into my hand. "It's not for me to say."

With a kiss to my forehead and a whispered 'I love you,' she got up, walked from the bedroom and closed the door behind her. Her intent was clear. She would leave me alone to read what Cal had to say, but she wouldn't really leave until I read it.

The envelope lay as a hot coal in the palm of my hands. I wanted to rip it open. I wanted to rip it apart. I wanted to read it. I didn't want to read it at all.

But I've dragged you this far, reader. I can't leave you hanging. Yes, I read it, and it would be cruel to you, after all I've told you, not to share it with you. So, turn the page and read Cal's final words to me...



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : Part Six image by Sole D'Allesadro on Unsplash.

Author's Note Author's Note : Part Six image by Sole D'Allesadro on Unsplash.





Chapter 49


Author's Note : Trigger warning. Cal's had a rough life and what he has to tell Livy is tough to read.

Author's Note : Trigger warning. Cal's had a rough life and what he has to tell Livy is tough to read. Author's Note

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Livy,



Livy, I'm sorry. We should have had one more day together. There's so much I need to tell you, so much you need to understand before you'll ever forgive me for walking away. I never want to be the person you speak of later in life as the one who gave up on you. I haven't. You have to believe that. I'm leaving not because I don't care about you. I do care. More than you know.

I'm sorry. We should have had one more day together. There's so much I need to tell you, so much you need to understand before you'll ever forgive me for walking away. I never want to be the person you speak of later in life as the one who gave up on you. I haven't. You have to believe that. I'm leaving not because I don't care about you. I do care. More than you know. Trust is hard for me. There haven't been very many people in my life who have given me a reason to trust. Not until you. But it's still hard to be open. This way is easier. I don't have to look you in the eyes. I don't have to wonder what you might be thinking by the look on your face. I can just tell you about the shit I've experienced in my life and you won't have anything to say in return. I can tell you without subtlety how my father abused me, molested me, sold me until I didn't know what it was to be a child. When you were three years old, cared for by parents who loved you, I was on the street, getting by the only way I knew how. I pick-pocketed tourists who were dumb enough to leave their wallets in their back pockets and I sold myself to sick fucks who didn't give a shit what they did to me all so that I could have something to eat at the end of the day. And when you were six years old and just entering school, and probably learning that you liked the sound of thunder, I watched my father blow his fucking head off in front of me because he couldn't think of a better way to hurt a fifteen-year-old who wasn't afraid of him anymore.

Trust is hard for me. There haven't been very many people in my life who have given me a reason to trust. Not until you. But it's still hard to be open. This way is easier. I don't have to look you in the eyes. I don't have to wonder what you might be thinking by the look on your face. I can just tell you about the shit I've experienced in my life and you won't have anything to say in return. I can tell you without subtlety how my father abused me, molested me, sold me until I didn't know what it was to be a child. When you were three years old, cared for by parents who loved you, I was on the street, getting by the only way I knew how. I pick-pocketed tourists who were dumb enough to leave their wallets in their back pockets and I sold myself to sick fucks who didn't give a shit what they did to me all so that I could have something to eat at the end of the day. And when you were six years old and just entering school, and probably learning that you liked the sound of thunder, I watched my father blow his fucking head off in front of me because he couldn't think of a better way to hurt a fifteen-year-old who wasn't afraid of him anymore. With a dead man's money, I boarded an airplane for the first time. I was shaken by my father's suicide and scared of what might happen to me if I stayed. I threw my guts up on that plane. The unfamiliar movement and the images in my head made me sick. It's why I don't fly, why I'll drive halfway across the country before I'll get on an airplane. It's more than being thirty thousand miles up in the air. Being in an airplane takes me back to that day.

With a dead man's money, I boarded an airplane for the first time. I was shaken by my father's suicide and scared of what might happen to me if I stayed. I threw my guts up on that plane. The unfamiliar movement and the images in my head made me sick. It's why I don't fly, why I'll drive halfway across the country before I'll get on an airplane. It's more than being thirty thousand miles up in the air. Being in an airplane takes me back to that day. I've learned to keep moving, Livy. If I keep moving, the pain doesn't have time to catch up. Sometimes, if I move fast enough, it can't even find me. That's the downside of knowing me. I've always been on the move. The day my father died wasn't the last time. I told you how I wandered the streets of New York for a few years before Ian. Moving in with him was the stillest time of my life, but when he became too emotionally attached, I let Miriam seduce me back into prostitution. I told myself it was different. I seduced myself into thinking I'd moved up in the world. I didn't just have a steady job with regular pay. I had become popular, sought after, recommended. I was good. Good enough that after four years, I no longer had to work for an escort service. Referrals kept me moving all along the eastern coast. I didn't have to remain grounded in New York. I could accept one job, or turn down another. If a woman got too close or wanted more than I was willing to give, I ended the relationship. I chose what I would or wouldn't do. I had freedom for the first time in my life!

I've learned to keep moving, Livy. If I keep moving, the pain doesn't have time to catch up. Sometimes, if I move fast enough, it can't even find me. That's the downside of knowing me. I've always been on the move. The day my father died wasn't the last time. I told you how I wandered the streets of New York for a few years before Ian. Moving in with him was the stillest time of my life, but when he became too emotionally attached, I let Miriam seduce me back into prostitution. I told myself it was different. I seduced myself into thinking I'd moved up in the world. I didn't just have a steady job with regular pay. I had become popular, sought after, recommended. I was good. Good enough that after four years, I no longer had to work for an escort service. Referrals kept me moving all along the eastern coast. I didn't have to remain grounded in New York. I could accept one job, or turn down another. If a woman got too close or wanted more than I was willing to give, I ended the relationship. I chose what I would or wouldn't do. I had freedom for the first time in my life! Only I wasn't free. Free to choose, maybe, but I wasn't really free. I'm tied to a life I've never wanted, and it took moving to California to realize it. I went there to test the waters. I wanted away from the edginess and the harsh climate of New York. Reminded me too much of Dublin. I could have traveled down coast to Miami, but it wasn't far enough to keep me moving. I finished out the lease on my apartment and struck for California, found a nice place to live along the coast in Santa Monica with Los Angeles at my fingertips.

Only I wasn't free. Free to choose, maybe, but I wasn't really free. I'm tied to a life I've never wanted, and it took moving to California to realize it. I went there to test the waters. I wanted away from the edginess and the harsh climate of New York. Reminded me too much of Dublin. I could have traveled down coast to Miami, but it wasn't far enough to keep me moving. I finished out the lease on my apartment and struck for California, found a nice place to live along the coast in Santa Monica with Los Angeles at my fingertips.

There I met a woman named Arnica. I'll not say much about her other than that her family is worth m illions, and she's close friends with a woman we both know; the face of Sacramento's evening news. Arnica may not have been why I moved to the California coast, but she is why I stayed. She's always been good to me, Livy, and she's never expected out of me any more than what I am. She's never dug into my past, never become unduly attached, and I've never had to turn her away. My relationship with Arnica has been a good one for many years. If it weren't for her, I would never have had the courage to go back to school, much less take up culinary school. Most importantly, she's the reason I met you.

There I met a woman named Arnica. I'll not say much about her other than that her family is worth m illions, and she's close friends with a woman we both know; the face of Sacramento's evening news. Arnica may not have been why I moved to the California coast, but she is why I stayed. She's always been good to me, Livy, and she's never expected out of me any more than what I am. She's never dug into my past, never become unduly attached, and I've never had to turn her away. My relationship with Arnica has been a good one for many years. If it weren't for her, I would never have had the courage to go back to school, much less take up culinary school. Most importantly, she's the reason I met you. I made a mistake before we met, though, and I'm paying for it now. I've learned over the years to be cautious with the women I connect with, but sometimes they slip through the cracks. I allowed a referral of Arnica's to introduce me to someone outside of my established client base. Her name is Linda Crawford, but you know that. She introduced herself to me as Carmen. It's not uncommon for a client to give a fake name, but as I found out much later, she goes by many names.

I made a mistake before we met, though, and I'm paying for it now. I've learned over the years to be cautious with the women I connect with, but sometimes they slip through the cracks. I allowed a referral of Arnica's to introduce me to someone outside of my established client base. Her name is Linda Crawford, but you know that. She introduced herself to me as Carmen. It's not uncommon for a client to give a fake name, but as I found out much later, she goes by many names. I hate to tell you this, but it's important that I do. You need to know this so that you can clean the filth out of your family's life. That's why I'm leaving, so that you can do it unhindered. Having me around will only fuck it up, and I've fucked up enough of your life. If you don't believe me, look at where you are. You're in jail because of me.

I hate to tell you this, but it's important that I do. You need to know this so that you can clean the filth out of your family's life. That's why I'm leaving, so that you can do it unhindered. Having me around will only fuck it up, and I've fucked up enough of your life. If you don't believe me, look at where you are. You're in jail because of me. Carmen was a client of mine. A frequent one. I saw her at least once a week. That also isn't uncommon with a new client. Eventually, the newness wears off and the appointments are cut back to as little as once a month, but that didn't happen with Carmen. For two months, she kept up this schedule. She bored easily. She wanted something different each time and I tried to accommodate her until her demands grew steadily toward sadism. That might be acceptable to some, but my experiences as a child doesn't allow it. I started to worry she might have become too attached to me, so I suggested in an email that we put an end to our engagements, that she seek healthier relationships with other men. That's when I saw her true side, her manipulative side. I found out she had recorded almost every one of our sessions. She started sending me videos, threatening to release them online if I didn't renew our relationship. I called her bluff. I knew she wasn't stupid enough to plaster sex videos of herself online. At most, the videos would find their way to porn sites and we'd become minimally famous, at least to a certain crowd. But she wouldn't let it end there. The harassment became frequent enough I had to change my email address, my phone number. I'd had problems of that sort before, but never at the level that Carmen took it.

Carmen was a client of mine. A frequent one. I saw her at least once a week. That also isn't uncommon with a new client. Eventually, the newness wears off and the appointments are cut back to as little as once a month, but that didn't happen with Carmen. For two months, she kept up this schedule. She bored easily. She wanted something different each time and I tried to accommodate her until her demands grew steadily toward sadism. That might be acceptable to some, but my experiences as a child doesn't allow it. I started to worry she might have become too attached to me, so I suggested in an email that we put an end to our engagements, that she seek healthier relationships with other men. That's when I saw her true side, her manipulative side. I found out she had recorded almost every one of our sessions. She started sending me videos, threatening to release them online if I didn't renew our relationship. I called her bluff. I knew she wasn't stupid enough to plaster sex videos of herself online. At most, the videos would find their way to porn sites and we'd become minimally famous, at least to a certain crowd. But she wouldn't let it end there. The harassment became frequent enough I had to change my email address, my phone number. I'd had problems of that sort before, but never at the level that Carmen took it. One night, I saw her sitting in a parked car outside my apartment. She just smiled at me and drove away. I don't know how she found me, but the very next day she had me arrested for rape. Carmen had shown the police one of her videos where we (the following block of text was scratched through so heavily it nearly left a hole in the page) . Doesn't matter what we did. It gave her an edge, and the charges might have stuck if it weren't for Arnica's influence. She has some pull in local politics. That's all I'll say. She got me out of a potentially damning situation and I was grateful to her. As I said, Arnica is good to me. She wanted to do some digging on Carmen, find a few things she could hold over her head in an effort to get her to back down, but I wouldn't let her. I played the entire incident off. I needed to handle it my way—bury it and keep moving. I did my own digging first. It took time and a bit of searching to ask the right people, but I discovered enough about Carmen Ford, aka Marilyn Hastings, aka Harriet Carroll to send a clear message if she ever thought to bother me again. Then I packed my bags and moved out of Los Angeles, closer to Sacramento, closer to Arnica, and unbeknownst to myself at the time, closer to you.

One night, I saw her sitting in a parked car outside my apartment. She just smiled at me and drove away. I don't know how she found me, but the very next day she had me arrested for rape. Carmen had shown the police one of her videos where we . Doesn't matter what we did. It gave her an edge, and the charges might have stuck if it weren't for Arnica's influence. She has some pull in local politics. That's all I'll say. She got me out of a potentially damning situation and I was grateful to her. As I said, Arnica is good to me. She wanted to do some digging on Carmen, find a few things she could hold over her head in an effort to get her to back down, but I wouldn't let her. I played the entire incident off. I needed to handle it my way—bury it and keep moving. I did my own digging first. It took time and a bit of searching to ask the right people, but I discovered enough about Carmen Ford, aka Marilyn Hastings, aka Harriet Carroll to send a clear message if she ever thought to bother me again. Then I packed my bags and moved out of Los Angeles, closer to Sacramento, closer to Arnica, and unbeknownst to myself at the time, closer to you. The first time I saw you was about a month after I'd moved from Los Angeles to an area right outside of Sacramento. I needed a fresh start in a new town and Arnica was gracious enough to help.

The first time I saw you was about a month after I'd moved from Los Angeles to an area right outside of Sacramento. I needed a fresh start in a new town and Arnica was gracious enough to help.

Always on the move, Livy. Never sedentary. Until I saw you on television.

Always on the move, Livy. Never sedentary. Until I saw you on television. It was a weekday evening. I was home, letting the ten o'clock news run its course while I made a sandwich in the kitchen. I listened without interest. I was hungry. I hadn't eaten much that day and when I came home all I could think about was the roast beef I'd made the previous night. I sat in the living room with my sandwich and beer, remote in hand, getting ready to change the channel and numb my mind with a movie when you were introduced to me.

It was a weekday evening. I was home, letting the ten o'clock news run its course while I made a sandwich in the kitchen. I listened without interest. I was hungry. I hadn't eaten much that day and when I came home all I could think about was the roast beef I'd made the previous night. I sat in the living room with my sandwich and beer, remote in hand, getting ready to change the channel and numb my mind with a movie when you were introduced to me. It was your first night on air, and you were so nervous. Your cheeks were red, your hands were shaking, but you smiled through it. What struck me wasn't your Irish red hair and green eyes, or your husky voice I've grown to love so much, or even how vulnerable you looked. It was your strength and your determination. I saw someone who had fought hard to get where she was, and she wasn't about to let stage fright do her in. But I saw something else. A woman wrapped in matronly attire, hiding herself from curious eyes, from romance, love. For a while, I wondered why, but I figured out it's because you were already in love with your career.

It was your first night on air, and you were so nervous. Your cheeks were red, your hands were shaking, but you smiled through it. What struck me wasn't your Irish red hair and green eyes, or your husky voice I've grown to love so much, or even how vulnerable you looked. It was your strength and your determination. I saw someone who had fought hard to get where she was, and she wasn't about to let stage fright do her in. But I saw something else. A woman wrapped in matronly attire, hiding herself from curious eyes, from romance, love. For a while, I wondered why, but I figured out it's because you were already in love with your career. I've seen so much ugliness in my life, Livy, that it stains how I see myself, but that night, watching you, I saw myself for the first time through you. I realized I was thirty-six years old and I didn't know what it meant to love. Not someone. Not something. Not myself. I've always taken pride in the fact that I'm good at what I do, but I've never loved it, not the way you love meteorology. It's your first love. You're married to your profession. I wanted to know what it felt like to be in love with what I did for a living.

I've seen so much ugliness in my life, Livy, that it stains how I see myself, but that night, watching you, I saw myself for the first time through you. I realized I was thirty-six years old and I didn't know what it meant to love. Not someone. Not something. Not myself. I've always taken pride in the fact that I'm good at what I do, but I've never loved it, not the way you love meteorology. It's your first love. You're married to your profession. I wanted to know what it felt like to be in love with what I did for a living. From then on, I applied myself to my schooling, and I watched you religiously. You became my religion. That makes me sound twisted, but it's true. I watched you grow from a nervous greenhorn to a confident veteran as I grew in my classes. I connected with you, with your personality, with your honesty. You were real. You didn't wear a mask or put on a persona to do your job, not even in front of the camera. The person you presented was who you were, and as I watched you, I learned to put away the mask when I wasn't working. The more I did it, the harder it became to keep the mask on while I worked. I realized then how intricately tethered I had become to the lifestyle. I wasn't free. I knew dozens of women who thought highly of me, but I was alone and I was unhappy.

From then on, I applied myself to my schooling, and I watched you religiously. You my religion. That makes me sound twisted, but it's true. I watched you grow from a nervous greenhorn to a confident veteran as I grew in my classes. I connected with you, with your personality, with your honesty. You were real. You didn't wear a mask or put on a persona to do your job, not even in front of the camera. The person you presented was who you were, and as I watched you, I learned to put away the mask when I wasn't working. The more I did it, the harder it became to keep the mask on while I worked. I realized then how intricately tethered I had become to the lifestyle. I wasn't free. I knew dozens of women who thought highly of me, but I was alone and I was unhappy. But not you, Livy. I gathered from the things you said on air that you were alone, but contentedly so. You weren't unhappy. When work wasn't taking up your time, you spent it in the comfort of your space, with what made you happiest—family, friends, a rainy afternoon with a good book. You were happy. And I wanted that, too. I wanted the life you had. I wanted you, Livy.

But not you, Livy. I gathered from the things you said on air that you were alone, but contentedly so. You weren't unhappy. When work wasn't taking up your time, you spent it in the comfort of your space, with what made you happiest—family, friends, a rainy afternoon with a good book. You were happy. And I wanted that, too. I wanted the life you had. I wanted you, Livy. I fell in love with you.

I fell in love with you. It sounds crazy to say that I fell in love watching you forecast the weather on television, but I did. Life has a way of making all of us crazy, some of us more than others. I guess I fall in that bracket. I'll never own to being sane, Livy, no more than I would have owned to feeling about you the way I do. If Arnica hadn't figured me out, I probably never would have.

It sounds crazy to say that I fell in love watching you forecast the weather on television, but I did. Life has a way of making all of us crazy, some of us more than others. I guess I fall in that bracket. I'll never own to being sane, Livy, no more than I would have owned to feeling about you the way I do. If Arnica hadn't figured me out, I probably never would have. I know you hate what I do, Livy, much more than I've begun to hate it myself, but I would love for you to meet Arnica. You would like her, despite our past relationship. Yes, I mean past . She put an end to it one evening after we'd gone to dinner. We'd gone to her place to (another scratch on the page) do what she paid me to do, but she made the mistake of turning on the television on her way to the bathroom to freshen up.

I know you hate what I do, Livy, much more than I've begun to hate it myself, but I would love for you to meet Arnica. You would like her, despite our past relationship. Yes, I mean . She put an end to it one evening after we'd gone to dinner. We'd gone to her place to do what she paid me to do, but she made the mistake of turning on the television on her way to the bathroom to freshen up. Whose voice should I hear, but the person I'd been trying to forget for the past month. Your hair was in a ponytail, your makeup was scant, and you were wearing the same atrocious tan blazer you wore the last time I saw you, but you felt like the warmth of the sun from ninety-three million miles away. You have no idea how many times I wanted to write you, email you. Shit, I wanted to call and talk to you, but I knew I would never have the courage. Not on my own. What would you want with someone like me? The nearest I ever came to you was driving by the station, but I felt like a fucking stalker on the second drive by, so I stopped. I made myself stop. I stopped watching the news at ten o'clock. I stopped recording it when I wasn't home. I cut you out. For a time, I went back to life as it's supposed to be for people like me.

Whose voice should I hear, but the person I'd been trying to forget for the past month. Your hair was in a ponytail, your makeup was scant, and you were wearing the same atrocious tan blazer you wore the last time I saw you, but you felt like the warmth of the sun from ninety-three million miles away. You have no idea how many times I wanted to write you, email you. Shit, I wanted to call and talk to you, but I knew I would never have the courage. Not on my own. What would you want with someone like me? The nearest I ever came to you was driving by the station, but I felt like a fucking stalker on the second drive by, so I stopped. I made myself stop. I stopped watching the news at ten o'clock. I stopped recording it when I wasn't home. I cut you out. For a time, I went back to life as it's supposed to be for people like me.

But Arnica's an astute woman. What she saw in me that night she didn't have to question. She's one of the few people who see me as an individual and not as a piece of meat. She wrestled every detail out of me. She saw in me what I didn't, that I was ready to quit escorting. We only talked that night. We talked for hours, about you, about her friendship with one Rosalyn Harris, and before I even knew what I was getting myself into, Arnica made me agree to meet someone in a coffee shop in downtown Sacramento. I thought I was meeting with a prospective client, referred by Arnica. Imagine my surprise when I saw Rosalyn and she asked me about you.

But Arnica's an astute woman. What she saw in me that night she didn't have to question. She's one of the few people who see me as an individual and not as a piece of meat. She wrestled every detail out of me. She saw in me what I didn't, that I was ready to quit escorting. We only talked that night. We talked for hours, about you, about her friendship with one Rosalyn Harris, and before I even knew what I was getting myself into, Arnica made me agree to meet someone in a coffee shop in downtown Sacramento. I thought I was meeting with a prospective client, referred by Arnica. Imagine my surprise when I saw Rosalyn and she asked me about you. She set you up, Livy, just like you thought, but she set you up for me. Rosalyn knew what I was about from the beginning. Arnica told her. I just wanted to meet you, to get to know you for you. I swear it wasn't my intention for our first night to end in a hotel room. If all we had ever done that night was drink and talk shit for hours, I would have been happy with that. But I was nervous. You were right there in the same room with me. You weren't a face on a television screen. You were real. You have no idea how nervous I was. I watched you sitting in the bar playing with your phone for a long time before I approached. When you looked up at me, I hid the only way I knew how, behind a persona I had developed over many years. But it didn't last for long.

She set you up, Livy, just like you thought, but she set you up for me. Rosalyn knew what I was about from the beginning. Arnica told her. I just wanted to meet you, to get to know you for you. I swear it wasn't my intention for our first night to end in a hotel room. If all we had ever done that night was drink and talk shit for hours, I would have been happy with that. But I was nervous. You were right there in the same room with me. You weren't a face on a television screen. You were real. You have no idea nervous I was. I watched you sitting in the bar playing with your phone for a long time before I approached. When you looked up at me, I hid the only way I knew how, behind a persona I had developed over many years. But it didn't last for long. Being with you that night was the happiest I can ever remember being. I felt more like myself with you than I ever have alone. There were times when I still wore the persona, mostly at the club, but not when we were alone, not when I made love to you. It wasn't just sex for me, Livy. It was a consummation. Once I gave myself to you, I knew I would never touch another woman. I ended my career there with you.

Being with you that night was the happiest I can ever remember being. I felt more like myself with you than I ever have alone. There were times when I still wore the persona, mostly at the club, but not when we were alone, not when I made love to you. It wasn't just sex for me, Livy. It was a consummation. Once I gave myself to you, I knew I would never touch another woman. I ended my career there with you. I had hoped when I left you with a kiss that you understood how I felt about you, but I must have left you with more questions than answers. I held onto hope for weeks that you would contact me. I answered every date request with a retirement letter and an apology. I waited for you. I watched you on television. I saw the effect I was having on you, and I waited for you, but after four weeks, watching you change for me but make no move to contact me, I gave up. For the first and last time, I gave up on you.

I had hoped when I left you with a kiss that you understood how I felt about you, but I must have left you with more questions than answers. I held onto hope for weeks that you would contact me. I answered every date request with a retirement letter and an apology. I waited for you. I watched you on television. I saw the effect I was having on you, and I waited for you, but after four weeks, watching you change for me but make no move to contact me, I gave up. For the first and last time, I gave up on you. I accepted a date with a woman who said she only wanted someone to take her to a musical, and there you were. Of all fucking times to run into you, it should happen when I caved in to the only life I've ever known. I'm so sorry about that, Livy. I felt like shit. Being that other person in front of you made me ill, and it got worse on the way back to the client's place.

I accepted a date with a woman who said she only wanted someone to take her to a musical, and there you were. Of all fucking times to run into you, it should happen when I caved in to the only life I've ever known. I'm so sorry about that, Livy. I felt like shit. Being that other person in front of you made me ill, and it got worse on the way back to the client's place. I don't remember her name now, but she wanted sex. She touched me, offered me more money, but I wouldn't respond. I told her I didn't want her money and she called me ugly names I don't care to repeat, but none of them hurt as much as hearing you tell me I'd lost you. I didn't sleep that night. I thought I'd lost you irrevocably, and then I got the message from Arnica that you wanted to see me. I was terrified. I didn't know what you could possibly want. It was worse when I realized I'd been directed to an apartment complex. I thought you would open the door and I'd be faced with a father or a big brother, someone who would punch my lights out and turn every dream I ever had about you to shit, but it was only you, and what you wanted was me.

I don't remember her name now, but she wanted sex. She touched me, offered me more money, but I wouldn't respond. I told her I didn't want her money and she called me ugly names I don't care to repeat, but none of them hurt as much as hearing you tell me I'd lost you. I didn't sleep that night. I thought I'd lost you irrevocably, and then I got the message from Arnica that you wanted to see me. I was terrified. I didn't know what you could possibly want. It was worse when I realized I'd been directed to an apartment complex. I thought you would open the door and I'd be faced with a father or a big brother, someone who would punch my lights out and turn every dream I ever had about you to shit, but it was only you, and what you wanted was me. I wasn't about to let you see how ecstatic I was. I played it off like I had engagements to worry about, but I would have jumped on an airplane with you that night if you asked me to. I guess I worried about being strung along, about what that might do to me if that was your intent, but I didn't worry about it enough to stop me from going with you. I endured two flights, your poking and prodding into my life, and a barrage of strangers just to be with you. Meeting your father scared the shit out of me more than flying, and getting to know your mother was like having mine returned to me.

I wasn't about to let you see how ecstatic I was. I played it off like I had engagements to worry about, but I would have jumped on an airplane with you that night if you asked me to. I guess I worried about being strung along, about what that might do to me if that was your intent, but I didn't worry about it enough to stop me from going with you. I endured two flights, your poking and prodding into my life, and a barrage of strangers just to be with you. Meeting your father scared the shit out of me more than flying, and getting to know your mother was like having mine returned to me. And after two days, I'm about to lose everything I've gained out of this experience. Because of Carmen. Linda. Whatever the fuck her name is. I don't know how she found me, or how she found out about my connection to you, or how she found her way into your family, but I do know that it's my fault. I wasn't cautious enough then, and I thought I didn't need to be cautious here and now. I was wrong.

And after two days, I'm about to lose everything I've gained out of this experience. Because of Carmen. Linda. Whatever the fuck her name is. I don't know how she found me, or how she found out about my connection to you, or how she found her way into your family, but I do know that it's my fault. I wasn't cautious enough then, and I thought I didn't need to be cautious here and now. I was wrong. She texted me the morning after your birthday party. When you thought I was texting clients and making appointments, I was looking at the picture you took of us on the plane, the one your mother put on Facebook. Carmen sent it to me. "Pretty girl," it said . "I hope for her sake you don't think this is your chance at a normal life." I knew it was her. I'm still trying to figure out how she got my number, but I knew it was her the minute I read it. I thought I had time to be with you before my life went to hell again, and then she was THERE, telling me how she would one day own your father's ranch and that if ugliness brought its head down on your family, it would be me who brought it, not her.

She texted me the morning after your birthday party. When you thought I was texting clients and making appointments, I was looking at the picture you took of us on the plane, the one your mother put on Facebook. Carmen sent it to me. it said I knew it was her. I'm still trying to figure out how she got my number, but I knew it was her the minute I read it. I thought I had time to be with you before my life went to hell again, and then she was THERE, telling me how she would one day own your father's ranch and that if ugliness brought its head down on your family, it would be me who brought it, not her. I panicked. I kept moving, Livy, but that time I took you with me. I thought I could make it right. I thought if I told you about my past, if I could make your mother understand where I come from and what you mean to me, that I could assuage any damage Carmen might attempt to mete out. I didn't move fast enough.

I panicked. I kept moving, Livy, but that time I took you with me. I thought I could make it right. I thought if I told you about my past, if I could make your mother understand where I come from and what you mean to me, that I could assuage any damage Carmen might attempt to mete out. I didn't move fast enough. I'm sorry, Livy. I should have dealt with her a long time ago, but my situation made that difficult. Had I revealed her for what she is, she would have revealed me (he scratched out his next words, for what I am , and wrote instead) for what I used to be. Prostitution isn't any more legal in Iowa than it is in California.

I'm sorry, Livy. I should have dealt with her a long time ago, but my situation made that difficult. Had I revealed her for what she is, she would have revealed me for what I am for what I used to be. Prostitution isn't any more legal in Iowa than it is in California. But neither is what Carmen does. She has a rap sheet longer than anything I've accrued from Ireland to the western side of the United States, and now she knows that I know. I made a deal with her. Leave you alone, drop the assault charges, and I would leave without whispering in your father's ear of what she is.

But neither is what Carmen does. She has a rap sheet longer than anything I've accrued from Ireland to the western side of the United States, and now she knows that I know. I made a deal with her. Leave you alone, drop the assault charges, and I would leave without whispering in your father's ear of what she is. Remember the names I gave you. You know a couple of investigative reporters who can dig up a whole lot more than her many names. But you didn't hear it from me. I can't be involved in this any more than I am. I'm already in too deep. That's why I can't stay. It wouldn't be too much of a stretch for someone like Carmen to link our first night together to my being here now and make it appear to be nothing more than a business deal. She'll ruin your reputation, maybe even your career, and sink mine to a new low where Arnica can't help me.

Remember the names I gave you. You know a couple of investigative reporters who can dig up a whole lot more than her many names. But you didn't hear it from me. I can't be involved in this any more than I am. I'm already in too deep. That's why I can't stay. It wouldn't be too much of a stretch for someone like Carmen to link our first night together to my being here now and make it appear to be nothing more than a business deal. She'll ruin your reputation, maybe even your career, and sink mine to a new low where Arnica can't help me. If you want to keep Carmen from destroying everything that's good about your family, you have to be the one to remove her. You have a chance here to set everything back to the way you've always wanted it. Your parents love the fuck out of each other, Livy. Your mom isn't the only one, and your dad hasn't moved on like you think. He loves her as much as he did the day he married her. He told me so. But they're both so convinced they can never get back what they once had, they say nothing to each other. Just like us, both of us so convinced that love does not belong to us that we stay out of its way. Well, Carmen is the only thing standing in your parents' way.

If you want to keep Carmen from destroying everything that's good about your family, you have to be the one to remove her. You have a chance here to set everything back to the way you've always wanted it. Your parents love the fuck out of each other, Livy. Your mom isn't the only one, and your dad hasn't moved on like you think. He loves her as much as he did the day he married her. He told me so. But they're both so convinced they can never get back what they once had, they say nothing to each other. Just like us, both of us so convinced that love does not belong to us that we stay out of its way. Well, Carmen is the only thing standing in your parents' way. By the time you get this letter, I'll have left. I'll probably be on the road, on my way back to California. Who knows? Maybe I'll even catch a flight. Though, it won't be the same without you.

By the time you get this letter, I'll have left. I'll probably be on the road, on my way back to California. Who knows? Maybe I'll even catch a flight. Though, it won't be the same without you. Do this for me. Let me go. You have a family that loves you, Livy, and you shouldn't lose them for me or for anyone. When the time is right for us, when you're ready, you know I won't be far away. You're resourceful, mot. We have mutual friends. You'll find me. I have faith in you. I know because you've changed me. I've spent too many years of my life in the business of fulfilling other people's twisted fantasies, and in the short space of a couple days, you've fulfilled every one of mine. Not the twisted ones. The normal ones. The everyday life ones. You've shown me what it's like to be part of a family. You've shown me how real life can be when you love someone. You took the stigma of my life away from me.

Do this for me. Let me go. You have a family that loves you, Livy, and you shouldn't lose them for me or for anyone. When the time is right for us, when you're ready, you know I won't be far away. You're resourceful, mot. We have mutual friends. You'll find me. I have faith in you. I know because you've changed me. I've spent too many years of my life in the business of fulfilling other people's twisted fantasies, and in the short space of a couple days, you've fulfilled every one of mine. Not the twisted ones. The normal ones. The everyday life ones. You've shown me what it's like to be part of a family. You've shown me how real life can be when you love someone. You took the stigma of my life away from me. It's you, Livy. Making a life with you. That's my fantasy.

It's you, Livy. Making a life with you. That's my my fantasy. Cal

Cal

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 50





By the time I finished reading Cal's letter, rain was pelting the French doors to the balcony behind me. The room had grown darker, wind swirled like a hurricane outside, lightning flashed, the air conditioning cut off for a second or two, the lights flickered, and for a while there, my brain had become a soundproof room. I stepped out of it and came back to the real world with all of its sounds and distractions intact. It wasn't an alien place. This was my familiar world of family and horses and everything that I love about Iowa, but it had become a world without Cal in it and I didn't like it at all.

My eyes returned their focus to the folded sheets of paper in my hand. It's weird where your mind goes when you're lost in the written word. You start to forget that you're looking at words. The words become pictures and the pictures become like scenes from a movie. You miss what you're eyes actually see. Like the stationary his elegant script had been written upon. Of the plain white variety, but with a logo in the top corner with the name of the art house where Mom would display her work the next night. I pictured Cal sitting in the same art-house writing his heart out everything he had ever wanted to tell me, and I almost missed the smudges of his handprint and the wet splotches where tears smeared blue ink. I looked at those splotches, wondering if those were Cal's tears until another one fell and landed with a splat upon two letters. Those weren't Cal's tears. They were mine, and the two letters, written in a different color ink and in a hurried hand, were PS followed by "I left something for you, mot. Keep it. You can give it back to me later.

splat PS "I left something for you, mot. Keep it. You can give it back to me later. Tears were in my way. I swiped at the troublesome things, twisted around and scanned the room in the scant light, and there it was. Right there on the nightstand just as Cal left it at the hotel. The black watch with the silver face. I crawled across the bed like a ten-year-old kid and snatched the watch off the nightstand without a thought to its worth or whether or not Cal would miss it because what he was missing was me.

And, BOOM, it hit me like a car at seventy-five miles an hour. I was Wile E. Coyote with tread marks across my backside. Holding his watch in my hand, Cal flattened me with all the tires of comprehension. I cried then, long and hard. I cried all the tears I couldn't cry before. I filled my pillow with those tears until my head weighed as much as a watermelon. It wasn't that I loved him or he loved me. It wasn't any of the typical romance novel bullshit that pulled the tears out of me or soaked my pillow...

I touched him. Me, scatterbrained, can't-get-anything-right Olivia Rosamund Morton had touched the heart of a man who hadn't known childhood or love or family or an inkling of true happiness his entire life. All I did was forecast the weather, dammit, and not all that damn well. All those months as a lowly intern, scrounging off a selfish hope that I was making something of an impression with the higher-ups who would see me as the new and improved Bob the Grey Weather Wizard. The whole time I was deeply affecting Cal, changing him from the inside out, and I didn't even know it.

Tears spent, I rolled over and clasped Cal's watch onto my wrist. The damn thing didn't fit. I had to slide it midway up my arm, but I'd slide it all the way to my elbow if I had to. The watch wasn't a keepsake or a souvenir. It was a promise. I would see him again. Cal hadn't given up on me, and because of that, I wouldn't give up on Cal. The watch was my armor, my promise to Cal that I would give Linda the comeuppance she intended to give him. She wasn't the first one in Cal's life to hurt him, but she sure as hell would be the last. I'd rather go back to jail than see her come out of this smelling like a rose.

Voice thick and crusty from crying, I promised aloud the same threat Linda used against Cal. "I will exorcize you from within the Morton family sphere, bitch."

The battle was on. I wiped what was left of my tears onto my sleeve even though I couldn't wipe their effect from my face, and marched out of the bedroom. I had a plan that would take a bit of clever maneuvering. With Cal's info and Rosalyn's craftiness (and I don't mean the artsy kind), I could ferret the Linda-Carmen-Skank out of our lives forever. I only needed Mom's consent, because my idea would involve her more than she would reasonably like.

I stopped short just on the other side of the bedroom door, swung it open as loud and as in-your-face as my determination. Only when I did, I wasn't expecting to see Dad. He was here, and Mom hadn't left. Seeing them together, in the same room, threw me for a loop. I almost forgot what I came into the room for. He and Mom hadn't shared the same space since the day they signed the divorce papers. But there they were, sitting in the exact spot Cal and I sat in for breakfast the morning before. They were talking and Dad had one of Mom's hands in both of his.

I think my heart actually stopped for like a millisecond. I heard Cal's clever use of words, Your parents love the fuck out of each other, and for the first time since I went away to college, I saw it. Mom's eyes were glistening. Dad's eyes were pleading. As soon as they saw me, though, it was like walking in on two teenagers necking. They separated, and I mean quickly.

Your parents love the fuck out of each other, Mom cleared her throat and looked away until she noticed that ugly cry effect on my face. "Livy, are you okay?"

"I'm fine, Mom," I said with a sniffle. "I need to talk to you."

Dad, however red-handed he appeared, never batted an eye. He walked right toward me, straight-faced and with the same Morton determination. I didn't wait for the verbal beatdown to begin, to hear him tell me how pissed he was at me for marking up Linda's face and how he expected the two of us to make amends. I'd rather rot in hell!

I pointed a finger at him. He was going to hear me out or so help me God...

"I'm glad you're here, Dad, so listen to—"

I never finished. His straight-faced countenance broke just seconds before he caught me up in both arms and hugged me tight enough to squeeze the adult out of me.

"My sweet baby girl, I'm so sorry."

So sorry about what? I didn't have one scintilla of wherewithal to wonder. Just when I thought I had cried all I could cry, when I didn't believe there could possibly be any more tears in me, I cried more. I cried like a damn baby. But this time I was in Daddy's arms. It was the best and worst feeling in the whole world.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 51





Bow ties suck!

One side has to be longer than the other. Gotta flip this end. Gotta tuck that end. After watching about a million YouTube videos to get it right, I was ready to scream. But I remained calm. I had to. After yesterday's unfortunate series of events, I needed to keep my cool. Two reasons. One was my dad. It was his bow tie I was attempting to twist into a shape that looked presentable without choking him. Though, some might say he deserved it. A part of me really wanted to choke him. Sounds crude, but he had put us through five years of family turmoil, in case you forgot.

But after I walked in on him this evening, I found I couldn't have choked my poor dad if I wanted to.

He'd asked me last night to help him with the bow tie he'd chosen to go with his tux. He was terrible at it and I had no experience with them. That combo oughta work, right? Mom thought so. She gave me a crash lesson before I went to bed, and somehow throughout that long and lonely night, I retained enough to get it right.

Off to the house I went under the clear sky last night's storm left behind. By some miracle of heaven, I avoided Linda. It took a little snooping, peering around corners, and moving quiet as a mouse to get from one end of the house to the other, but I managed it. The angels must have been with me.

A light knock on Dad's bedroom door and I turned the knob without waiting for a response. He was expecting me. At least, he should have been. Music had been coming from inside; a strumming guitar, the soft, rhythmic beat of a drum followed by a soulful voice. Dad was listening to the Eagles again. I'd smiled at the nostalgia of it. I hardly knew their music, couldn't tell you the name of the song, but their familiar country-rock sound always took me back.

Eagles When I opened the door, these lyrics filtered out: "What can you do when your dreams come true, and it's not quite like you planned? What have you done to be losing the one; you held it so tight in your hand..." The vocals had reached a high, beseeching note by the time I swung the door open. I thought to see Dad tapping his feet, maybe swaying his hips a bit to the tune. Instead, he rose quickly from an armchair, sniffling and wiping his eyes.

"What can you do when your dreams come true, and it's not quite like you planned? What have you done to be losing the one; you held it so tight in your hand..." He played it off, of course. A manly man such as himself couldn't be seen crying because of a song. Though, it wasn't just the song. We both knew that. The lyrics had brought on thoughts of Mom and what they had and how he allowed it to slip away. I could have badgered him about it, beat him over the head with it even, but it would have been pointless. He was already beating himself over the head. Tonight would tell the tale as to whether or not Dad had it in him to fight for what he lost.

Besides, I didn't want to cry anymore. I cried enough last night. I couldn't sleep. Cal's letter kept playing over and over in my head. No, I'm lying. I read it over and over again. On the fifth read through, I couldn't take the mystery of "mot" anymore. In the dark, nose so stopped up I could hardly breathe, and with lightning playing in the distance once the storm passed, I grabbed my phone, Googled "Irish term mot," and almost fell off the bed. Mot is the Irish slang word for 'girlfriend.'

Go ahead, take a deep breath. Sob if you need to, but get it over with, so I can get back to the story. I'm talking to myself, not you, dear reader. If I don't, I'll start crying again...

Here's the second reason I decided to stay calm and not lose my cool with Dad and his bow tie—Linda. You think I'm crazy, but be patient. All will be revealed in time. But first, tears were still slightly glistening in Dad's eyes. He had me feeling sorry for him. Thus, the never-ending bow tie videos that were about to drive me crazy. So, when he cleared his throat and began to speak, I thought he would have talked of Mom and the past and of where the near future might take our family.



Instead I got, "I need you to get along with Linda tonight, hun."

It was a good thing I had finished with his tie because that would have been the perfect instance in which to choke him. I guess I could have answered that with some gritty reply, but Granny always said, "If you don't have anything nice to say, keep your damn mouth shut." I decided it was best if I simply glared.

"For tonight, at least," Dad was quick to add with the addition of placating hands on my shoulders. "After tonight... Well, we'll see what happens. But can you, for my sake, try to make amends? Just try to bury the hatchet with enough dirt so no one can see it."

"Enough to pull it back out again?"

Dad sighed.

"I don't fake well, Dad. You know that. I'd love to bury the hatchet with Linda, just not in the dirt."

"Do you have to be crass?"

In my family, crass is slang for crazy ass.

crass crazy ass. "Yes, I do."

"You have a right to be angry, Livy. I understand that, but—"

"So do you, Dad."

He paused, not looking at me while he threw the issues around in his head. Then, he looked back up at me. He hadn't made a decision.

"Maybe I do, but let's just see what happens. Okay?"

"Oh, it's going to happen. Trust me."

Dad nodded. He wouldn't say more beyond that. I couldn't tell if he thought I was full of shit or he believed every word I said and was quietly hiding his anxiety about tonight behind a wall of countrified manliness. Either way, everything Linda thought was good and solid in her life was about to blow wide open and Dad would be witness to it. Remember, I had a plan.

So, what did I do? Call me crass ( wink, wink ) if you want. I buried the hatchet. Yeah, so I buried it about as well as a cat buries its poop on the hard ground, but I buried it. I went straight to the skank—I mean Linda—and stuck out my hand.

wink, wink My slapping hand. She winced. I enjoyed it.

"Bygones?" I said, trying not to smile. Couldn't bring myself to say the whole thing.

Linda made a show of tossing a perfectly coiffed length of blonde hair away from the left side of her face where thick makeup just barely covered a purplish bruise. The unwise would merely think it a tinge of blush. Only Linda, myself, and every member of my family would know different.

"I don't know. After yesterday, I find it difficult to believe you."

"Well, I know how difficult it must have been for you to drop the charges against me the way you did..." Equally as difficult as it was for me to appear contrite and forgiving. "...so, I figure I owe you."

"Owe me?"

"You showed Cal up for what he really is—a coward. You were right. I should have known better than to think he cared about me."

You don't believe that, do you? Good. I didn't think so. I can guarantee you, however, that wearing a sad face wasn't so hard. Cal's absence made happiness hard to fake, but standing in front of Linda made lies like that near impossible, especially when I witnessed a corner of Linda's mouth quirk. I had to lower my eyes. If I hadn't, she would have seen the ice in them.

I continued in a manner as conned as I hoped I appeared. "He ran as soon as Mom confronted him with the truth."

"That's what cowards do, Sweetheart. They run." Linda touched my arm with her filthy hand. I fought the urge to shrink away. "I'm just sorry you had to find out that way. I shouldn't have had to be the one to reveal it so plainly to you, and I'm sorry if it upset you."

She was talking about the pictures I ritualistically obliterated from my phone; rituals which included praying for their removal from my mind and begging forgiveness for all the horridly sadistic things I wanted to do to Linda to cause her a tremendous amount of pain, like cropping Cal out of the images and posting them on Facebook after tagging her in them. Not that I did, of course, but the thought of it and what tonight would bring gave me some comfort.

"It's okay," I said after a deep breath. I was going to need it with what I had to say next. "It was awful of me to strike you. If you feel in need of some restitution for your doctor bills or—"

"No, Sweetie, don't even think it. Knowing you had to spend one minute in that horrible place is enough."

"It was more like three or four hours, actually."

"Oh dear," she exclaimed overmuch, hand over her heart, but I swear I saw a flicker of a satisfied smile.

That was okay, too. Guess which one of us would be the last one smiling.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : "After the Thrill Is Gone" by the Eagles from their 1975 album, One of These Nights. Couldn't find an original YouTube video, but there is one on dailymotion.com.

Author's Note Author's Note : "After the Thrill Is Gone" by the Eagles from their 1975 album, One of These Nights. Couldn't find an original YouTube video, but there is one on dailymotion.com. One of These Nights.





Chapter 52





Remember how I said my plan would involve Mom more than she might like? Well, part of showing Linda that I could let bygones be bygones was to invite her to the showing. No, I didn't invite her. Dad could play that part more convincingly than I could. I told him to tell her it was Mom's way of saying thank you, and it was. Kind of. I mean, she did drop the charges and get me out of jail. The least I could do was take her back to the city in which I committed the crime of assault and spent the afternoon behind bars. After all Linda did for me, I couldn't wait to bring her back to Des Moines. Something special awaited her there, something she rightfully deserved more than any woman I knew.





As opposed to yesterday, the three of us were fashionably dressed—Dad looking debonair in his tux and horse themed bow tie, and Linda stylishly whorish in a sleeveless black and white dress with a plunging neckline and an even shorter hemline, showing off the physique she'd worked so hard to maintain for a woman in her forties.

As for me, not wishing to stand out, I opted for a plain white pantsuit. This show was dedicated to one person and I wanted to make sure she got all the attention she deserved. A slim-lined, strapless pantsuit with flared legs and a sheer top ought to keep me well blended. No one was going to notice my picture of purity and innocence, a woman incapable of anything as spiteful as revenge. With my hair in a simple chignon, I appeared tranquil, as though I hadn't a care in the world. Not true, of course, but no one needed to know my stomach had become a bucket full of butterflies any more than they needed to know how closely I courted vengeance.

On a quaint old street with old-time brownstone buildings, sandwiched between a bar and a bakery, was an art gallery that went by the rather corny name of Art Studio 54. In honor or blatant theft of the seventies disco club with more than a similar name? I couldn't say, but the lack of originality in name had me worried about its interior.

As it turned out, the place wasn't too shabby. The interior wasn't nearly as massive as its apparent namesake, and thank the good Lord it wasn't as disco-ball flashy either. Walls painted in hues of grey and blue, accented with soft white light were welcoming to the sizeable crowd that had gathered. Impressive, for a local artist with an invitation-only first showing. Everybody who was anybody within the Morton family ring-of-association was there (save for the one invitee who chose not to attend).

These family members, business associates, close friends and acquaintances who came to view Mom's work were not the focus, however. Every art-house effect had been designed to bring the focus to the white gypsum sculptures, to make them pop from their podiums. Soft light caught their subtle nuances, made one think. Partitions emphasized themes, such as the ranch, nature or, Mom's particular favorite, the human body; and the dim lighting set a relaxed mood, illuminating pieces hanging from the walls. Were it daytime, Mom's work would not have had the same effect inside these walls. It was beautiful, relaxing.

Well, it would have been had I not been so nervous.

We were welcomed into the gallery with a complimentary glass of champagne, which I struggled not to chug, and moved into the crowd to mingle. While I reacquainted myself with the taste of champagne, Dad reacquainted with a friend he hadn't seen since before the divorce.

Over the rim of my glass, I watched Linda. She bored easily, as Cal said. Dad's old friend interested her about as much as a dry blade of grass interests a lioness when she's on the hunt. I watched her eyes skim over the crowd, searching. Who she was looking for was hard to say (someone's threat working overtime on little Miss Linda's psyche, perhaps?), but the second her eyes lit upon a familiar face, she froze.

Familiar to Linda, anyway. The black woman with a bob cut was no one I knew. Still, one would think were she a friend, Linda would be happy to see her. And though Linda smiled and waved and pulled on Dad's arm, saying, "Bry, there's someone I'd like to introduce you to," it didn't change the fact that she went as still and lifeless as Raggedy Ann the second she saw her.



Things that make you go, Hmmmm. Remember that song?

Things that make you go, Hmmmm. A teensy twinge of panic had come over Linda. Trust me, I know how panic wears on the woman. Saw it right before my slapping hand went to work. And though it intrigued me to know why Linda would want Dad to meet someone who the very sight of scared her shitless, I also smelled the whiff of a setup. Did Linda want to speak to the woman in yellow just to be friendly or was there an ulterior motive involved? You guess, dear reader. I was done trying to figure the woman out.

Pretending I hadn't been watching and scrutinizing her every move, I forced myself between them and took Dad's hand. "Oh, who are we meeting?"

Linda turned to me, a hard stare working hard to edge out her panic. "Don't you know who she is? I was assuming you invited her."

That time I was the one panicking, and hoping it didn't show. I had to push it away as quickly as it settled in me. Wouldn't do to give Linda the upper hand. Besides, if this woman was someone for Linda to fear, then she had to be my friend.

"Oh yeah. That was totally me. Let's go say hi."

I don't think my little legs ever moved so fast. Whoever the woman was, she cut a rather imposing figure. She wasn't any taller than me, but her straight back, proud chin, and striking yellow gown against chocolate-colored skin made for a commanding presence. And that made it exceedingly difficult to walk up to the woman and throw my arms around her like I hadn't seen her in decades.

"Hey!"

I said it loud enough for everyone in the room to hear. My long-lasting friendship with a woman I knew not at all was going to be more believable than Jesus walking on water. And thank Jesus himself, she played right along.

"Hey, girl!"

We hugged, we squeezed, and I spoke in her ear as quietly as I had been loud, "Pretend you know who I am."

She kissed my cheek and whispered in kind, "Name's Michelle, and I know who you are." As smooth as glass, she broke from our embrace and gave me a smile that altered her face, turning that strong but curious visage into dimpled cuteness. "It's so good to see you, Olivia. How have you been?"

We went through the required greetings of two people who hadn't spoken in some time, and while I tried to banish that ever-present stench of a setup out of my nose, I was also attempting to figure out how this woman could possibly know me. What was more, how did Linda know her?

No sooner than I began to speculate than she answered my question. "And what can we expect for the weather this evening?"

"After yesterday's storm, we should have clear skies through the weekend," I said with an enlightened smile, feeling the panic in me stand back and twiddle its jittery thumbs. So, she recognized me from my KCAB weather segments. Still didn't mean I knew a damn thing about her. Linda's presence made it all the more nerve-wracking.

"You know Michelle, don't you, Linda?"

Linda turned a cool smile to me, unconsciously primping the lock of hair stylishly hanging over her bruised cheek. "Of course, I do," she said and extended a hand.

Something in her demeanor told me she wasn't thrilled to learn I was on such close terms with the woman in yellow, but it was what she said next that made me almost choke on my champagne.

"How are you, Madam Commissioner?"

Thinking back on it, I sure am glad Dad raised his eyebrows and said, "Commissioner?" in that southern man way of his that said he couldn't possibly believe a woman had any position of power let alone a title. It drew Linda's scorn. Mine too, but the important part is that it drew Linda's attention away from me. Otherwise, she might have seen the color drain from my face.



Michelle introduced herself to Dad with a commanding shake of his hand and answered, "Of police."

My next sip of champagne went down like a burning missile. Who the hell was this woman, why was she here and why was I pretending to know her?

"That's impressive," Dad said, and he was well and truly impressed. "State or county?"

Michelle laughed. "County. I wouldn't want jurisdiction over the entire state of California. Sacramento County is plenty enough for me."

Dad bumped shoulders with me. "Livy, you didn't tell me you were friends with a police commissioner."

"I didn't know, either," Linda added, an incredulous smile playing on her lips but ice in her eyes.

I giggled like a loon and played it off. "Oh, it's just one of those things you don't think to mention."

"Olivia and I met on set," Michelle said. "I went in for an on-air interview and we just hit it off from there."

Yeah. Sure. Right. Just go with it, Livy. These were the thoughts spinning in my head like a whirlwind. I waited from the lightning to strike and for that whirlwind to spin into a tornado. Michelle didn't fail.

Yeah. Sure. Right. Just go with it, Livy. She put on an apologetic frown and touched my shoulder. "Rosalyn sends her apologies. She wanted to be here, but she just couldn't make it, so I came in her stead."

My gut just about fell out. I could almost hear it hitting the floor. It wasn't that I feared Rosalyn hadn't hopped on the first flight out. I knew she had. I'd spoken to her just that afternoon. I knew what hotel she was staying, for Pete's sake. What I was experiencing was everything rolling together like raindrops coalescing on a windowpane. I could hear Cal talking in my head, whispering words I'd read a hundred times since last night, 'She's close friends with a woman we both know' and 'She has some pull in local politics' and that name he wrote over and over in such a fluent hand, Arnica.

'She's close friends with a woman we both know' 'She has some pull in local politics' Arnica. I shut the words in Cal's letter out. I had to. I didn't want to think she, the woman Cal said had always been good to him and didn't treat him like a piece of meat, the woman who had probably been intimate with Cal more times than I had, could be standing right beside me. It bothered me too much to contemplate, almost as much as it seemed to worry Linda.

So, I nodded. I played along and tried not to let the implications swimming in my head get the best of me. "Oh, how is Roz? I haven't seen her since..." It didn't work. "...since I went on vacation."

And speaking of Linda, I caught her out of the corner of my eye. She was the one now watching and scrutinizing my every move. She knew way more than I did right then and that was not good. Lord, send someone to help me before I screw this all up, I begged and my silent plea was answered.

my Lord, send someone to help me before I screw this all up, "Hey, fam!"

Logan's voice was loud enough to pierce through and part the mingling crowd like the Red Sea. My bestie has the kind of physical presence people usually see on the red carpet. She is a movie star without the necessity of having been on film, and that night, she looked amazing. Like an angel come to my rescue. Her blonde hair cascaded in lovely ringlets down bare shoulders. Makeup highlighted her porcelain skin. The only thing holding up the shimmering dress she wore was a neck strap. She was stunning. She always had been.

I made the necessary introductions to a woman I didn't know and was both pretending and fearing that I actually did. Then, my bestie pulled me into a hug. Logan and I hadn't talked much since I got my "Get Out of Jail Free" card. The last time was just before my second breakdown of the evening. I called to tell her of my plans and could tell by her tone of voice that she was still miffed with me. Right then, she had the good sense to hide it.



"Feeling better, honeybuns?"

"Better."

The hug she squeezed me into was as real as the one she gave me my first night home. Hard to say whether her irritation with me still lingered or if she'd gotten over it. Logan had always been a good faker.

She leaned forward to give Dad a kiss, and as an intentional afterthought, she slid her gaze over to Linda. "Oh hey, Linda! I didn't see you there."

Linda's thin-lipped smile had the same drastic temperature-changing effect of a cold front. "Hello, Logan."

We all knew, even our esteemed guest knew there was no way Logan could have missed Linda bedecked as she was next to the man Logan liked to call "Papa," and Linda knew it. Thus, Dad and I issued the requisite warning glare. But the bestie is like a thunderstorm storm. Once started, there was no stopping her.

"How's the eye, Linda?" she said with the biggest, fakest semblance of concern, and added, presumably for kicks, "I hope you applied an ice pack to bring down the swelling."

Linda winced. I wanted to thank my bestie, but I also wanted to kick her. I settled for plucking her elbow. She jumped and Dad chastised her by grumbling her name in a low undertone.

"No, no, Bryan," Linda said thinly. "It's perfectly fine. I'm sure she's just trying to be helpful."

"I am nothing if not helpful."

Logan's flawless spite might have removed Linda from my side for the first time since forcing myself into Dad's SRX with her had she not piqued Michelle curiosity.

"What happened?" she asked, but the mere fact that we share an acquaintance with one Rosalyn Harris told me she already knew the story.

Linda fidgeted with that lock of hair over her eye. "Olivia and I were...how should I say...horsing around yesterday and well..." She glanced at me.

"I hit her."

A part of me said I should have added the word 'accidentally' and played the pious and blameworthy culprit, but for the life of me, I couldn't do it. The teensiest bit of pride might have worked its way into that statement.

"Oh no," Michelle said, hand over her heart in ladylike shock. "Are you all right?"

Was that the teensiest bit of amusement I saw in the woman's eyes? Possibly so, but it was too early to speculate.

"I'm fine," Linda said, twisting a malevolent eye in Logan's direction before sliding a loving gaze to Dad. "Nothing an icepack and a little TLC couldn't remedy. It was an accident, Michelle. No need to arrest her."

She added the last with a high-pitched giggle that everyone was supposed to join in on. No one did. Except for Logan. She matched Linda in pitch and lack of sincerity, her laughter droning on until it ended in a mumbled "ah, bitch," which raised eyebrows and drew death glares. At that point, I figured it was high time we moved on.

"Michelle, I'm glad you could come. It was good to see you again."

"You, as well, Olivia."

There was something in those dark eyes, something I couldn't quite read and it scared me to death. For the first time since I penned my carefully crafted act of revenge down on paper, I didn't know what to expect out of the evening.

"Come on, Logan," I said and took her by the hand. "Let's go look for Mom. I want to ask her how the show's going."

Dad reached to place a kiss on my cheek and whispered in my ear, "Give your mother a hug and tell her I'm damn proud of her. I'd do it myself, but..."



"I will," I said, telling myself to keep it together. He was a fly caught in Linda's web, doing what she asked, going where she bade, but he sure had his sweet moments, I'll say that for him. I could only imagine what he would be like once this was all over.

"I don't know how you do it, Ollie," Logan said once we moved out of Dad's earshot (he'd shot daggers Logan's way before we left) and through the crowd. "I wanted to black her other eye."

"And you think I didn't?"

I "I'm scared to know what it took to get you to blacken the first one."

The images flashed before me and I fought a cringe. "I don't care to tell you."

"Hey, I thought we were besties."

"We are, but that doesn't mean I want to talk about it."

Logan huffed. "Well, who was that woman you guys were talking to?"

"I don't know, but I would like to know what the hell you're doing riling Linda up."

She frowned. "I was not. Didn't you hear her? I was being helpful."

"Well, while you're being helpful, could you not screw this up for me."

"Oh, phooey. The woman is clueless. Are you sure you're feeling okay, cuz you seem a tad pre-menstrual to me?"

I took that moment to chug my champagne and snagged another one off a passing server's tray. "I'm just nervous. I'll be better when this is over."

"Hey, don't forget whose night this is, okay?"

"Yeah, you're right." This wasn't my night, or Linda's night, or the night forever remembered as the night I took Linda down. This was Mom's night. She worked hard to get here. I had no right to monopolize it. "Where is Mom, by the way?"

Logan pointed past several partitions I couldn't see around. "Somewhere at the heart of the exhibit. I saw her talking up a cutie. She looks pretty hot tonight, too. Maybe she's found herself another man." Logan bobbed her eyebrows up and down.

"I doubt it." After seeing Mom and Dad together the night before, I seriously doubted it. "I need to go see her before the show really starts."

Logan caught my arm before I could leave. The playfulness had gone out of her. "Hey, Ollie. I'm not mad at you or anything. You know that, right?"

"I know."

"I just...I don't get it. Why him? He doesn't seem right for you, you know what I mean?"

"No one is right for me with you, Logan."

She huffed again, insulted, but swallowed it down. "That's because you're not just my bestie, you're my sister, and unlike me, you're perfect."

"Oh, jeez."

"No, it's true. You might be shorter than me, and younger than me by like three months, but I've always looked up to you." I started to roll my eyes in response and she pushed me. Not hard, mind you. Not enough to knock me down, but enough to get my attention. "You're not like me, Ollie. You're not wild and crazy. You have purity and passion and a desire to make something of yourself that I've always lacked. Even when we were kids I admired that about you." Logan's eyes were glistening, and I'd be lying if I said mine wasn't. "You're part of what's awesome in my life. I don't want to see you get hurt. You're too perfect for him, goddammit. You deserve only perfection and he can't give that to you."

I sniffed and took a deep breath, but a tear still fell. "But I love him."

She groaned like a mother over her poor, stupid, deluded child. "When did that happen?"

I shrugged. "Cal's not Dean, Logan."

"I know that. I'm worried he's worse. I'm worried that everything you think is going to happen with him is going to backfire in your face and when it hits you that he's not coming back, you'll never trust anyone again."

Logan drove a stake through the heart of my worst fear and my armor was hardly strong enough to withstand it. "Cal's not perfect. Okay? I know that. He has more baggage than you and I combined." She rolled her eyes this time and I gripped her hand hard enough to make her wince. "But it doesn't make him unworthy. He has the same desire you saw in me—to make something of himself. Can you please just trust that I know what I'm doing? Please, and give Cal what you couldn't give Dean."

"What?"

"A chance."

What she thought of that Logan showed in the puffing out of her cheeks. I didn't know if Logan would ever truly accept him, but I knew when she reigned her fears in enough to accept that I believed in him.

"Okay, okay," she said, jerking her hand out of mine. Couldn't really blame her. I was about to snap a few phalanges. "I'll give him one more than I gave Dean, but after that he's toast."

"That's all I ask."

"It's one more chance than I'm gonna give that pantsuit, though. What the hell, Ollie? You look like a middle-aged bride."

I frowned at her.

"I mean, it's cute and all, but you and I were supposed to be rockin' it tonight." Logan indicated her dress as an example of how one should rock an outfit.

"You of all people should know, Logan, you don't wear a dress to an ass-kickin' contest."

I saw no fakery in Logan's smile this time. "And that's why I'll give him a chance. Because you think he's worth fighting for." She hugged me one more time. "Go find your mom. Let's get this party started."

"What are you going to do?"

Logan pulled away from me, a light of excitement in her eyes she didn't have a few moments ago. "Find ways to annoy Linda."

We snickered like a couple of prankster teens heavy into Harry Potter . We parted with a pinky promise, solemnly swearing we were up to no good.



Harry Potter



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : "Things That Make You Go Hmmm" by C&C Music Factor, 1990.

Author's Note Author's Note : "Things That Make You Go Hmmm" by C&C Music Factor, 1990.





Chapter 53





Champagne glass in hand, I moved into the crowd, dodging mostly familiar faces to find Mom. I glanced back long enough to see that Logan was making good on her promise. She had an arm around Linda, squeezing her like an old friend. God knew what sort of yarn she was spinning about Linda to the woman who called herself Michelle. Good thing the so-called police commissioner found Logan's antics amusing rather than annoying. Would have hated to see her stuffed into a waiting police car only a day after I managed to do it. But it got me thinking, about Cal, about his letter, and about this woman named Arnica. Now that I wasn't standing right beside her, and what she stood for in my mind wasn't so large as life, I had no doubts as to just who she was.

"Some pull in local politics," my ass. The woman is in law enforcement! And married, at that! Judging by the whopper of a ring on her finger, prominently so. Cal said her family was worth millions. She scared the hell out of me. It wasn't her power or what she might be able to do with it. My fear was for Cal. She had him within the palm of her hand. If she wanted to, she could probably keep him there.

I was supposed to have made a beeline for Mom, but with those thoughts on my mind, I found myself floating through her work like a ghost with nowhere to haunt. It wasn't that I had suddenly realized Mom's talent or anything. I've known it since I was a kid and wished I had it. Part of what astounded me was the quality and the quantity of her work. She had pieces on display that I had never seen before. The depth of her work, however, the profoundly personal emotion she put into it took my breath away.

The shape of two hands, both with wedding rings carved into the ring fingers, interlaced. A block shaped into two faces, their lips pressed against one another. A child's face caught in toothless laughter and another in a tantrum. The musculature of horses. The flaring of nostrils. The flawless symmetry of a woman's back, and the rigidity of a man's chest. She included every action that was beautiful and devastating about the human body in all stages of development and emotion. Fists. Smiles. Anger. Sadness. Age. Wrinkles. Hurt. Pain.

Most of Mom's work gravitated toward figurativism. She created very little abstract art, and when she did, they usually came in fluid shapes. Like Rorschach tests, they were up for interpretation, but what I saw most in them was the shape of sadness. Many of them looked like falling tears.

I saw my mother in a new light that night. She had become more than the woman who wanted to hook me up with every available young man she happened to run into. I saw a woman who wasn't afraid to show her vulnerability. She didn't have to pretend that just because she was a woman she had to erect an impenetrable wall of strength. She could be weak if weakness was warranted. She could be frail if her body failed her. She could return love if it was given. Mom's strength was evident in her patience. She never gave up on Dad because she knew somehow, even as he walked hand in hand with another, he would always belong to her; and she never gave up on me. She knew my stubborn heart would find someone. I just hoped I would have what it took to find him again when this was all over.

I was passing a sea of cherub-like faces when my eyes fell upon a familiar piece. The very one Cal had admired in Mom's studio. My childlike hand reached out to be held, and I held the memory of his thumb in the palm of that hand. What caught my eye as the memory faded wasn't the title card above it that read My Baby. It was the small tag beneath it with the word SOLD on one side and the initials CK on the other. I came within five seconds of crying when an arm draped over my shoulder.

My Baby. "Don't feel bad. My chubby baby butt is on the other side of this wall." Baylor struggled to hold onto his serious face while I sniffed and my almost cry turned into a snort of laughter.

"She displayed the butt piece?"

"Yes, and it's highly embarrassing. If I knew she was going to do that, I wouldn't have brought a date."



"Oh my God, when did you get a girlfriend?"

"She's not a girlfriend. Specifically. We've been friends since my senior year and we kinda sorta hooked back up recently."

I looked him up and down, noted his loose-fitting chinos and white button-up shirt over a black t-shirt. He had cleaned up well for a guy with aspirations of being a photographer slash heavy metal icon.

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"Because you were busy with your own thing. You know, with Cal."

I looked away. Baylor and I hadn't hashed the past day's events out since the night before last when he left Dad's house to stay with his buddy Liam. He hadn't gone back yet, either. He had far less gumption than I did to play fake with Linda.

"You still could have told me."

"Sorry." He touched the same sold sign that I did, turned and saw the initials. "Mom told me he bought it."

"For how much?"

He shrugged. "All I know is, he wouldn't let Mom just give it to him." He went quiet while he played with the sold sign. He let it dangle on its string when he turned to me. "Is it true what Linda said about him? I'm not dumb. I know most of what she said was total bullshit, but was any of it the truth?"

My mind went straight to the ugly accusations, knowing an answer of Yes or No wouldn't be enough. I raised my eyes to Baylor but kept my voice low. "He was a male escort, but that's behind him now."

was He nodded, took it in, processed it.

"I hope that doesn't change your opinion of him," I said.

"As long as you don't change your opinion of Dakota."

"Who's Dakota?"

"My girlfriend who's not specifically my girlfriend."

"Oh. Why would I have an opinion of someone I don't even know?"

His gaze went to the ceiling. "Because she's a stripper and she's five years older than me."

I know my jaw dropped. "Holy shit, Bay. What's a twenty-three-year-old stripper doing in high school?"

"I didn't say we met in school. I said we met my senior year. The guys and I had a gig in the bar where she worked and I had to fake twenty-one to get in." He pointed a stern finger at me when my jaw hit the floor. "Don't judge."

"I'm not. There's just no way you could have passed for twenty-one." I pinched his cheek. "Not with that baby face."

He pulled out of my grasp with a sheepish frown. "If it wasn't for Dakota, the bouncer would have kicked me out and we'd have lost our gig."

"Dakota, huh? I hope that's not her stripper name."

"Dakota is her real name, thank you very much."

"Where is she?"

Baylor pointed to a spot where his buds were admiring Mom's horse sculptures. Amongst the familiar faces, I saw a young woman with an olive complexion, pitch black hair, dark shadow, and eyeliner. She appeared as mesmerized by Mom's artwork as I had been a moment ago.

"She's pretty," I said.

"She loves horses."

"Oh, so that's why she likes you."

He bopped me with his hip. I bopped back. "She wants to meet you."

"And I want to meet her, but first I need to get this out of the way. You haven't told any of them, have you?"



"Hell no. If we're gonna do this, we're gonna do it right. The nutbag isn't going to know what hit her."

"Let's hope. Where's Mom?"

He pointed past another partition. "Hey, do you think you'll see Cal again?"

A pain crossed my heart. "I hope so." I thought about it a second and changed my tune. "No, I know so."

know "Good. When you see him, tell him I still want to teach him the bass guitar."

"I will."

I let Baylor head back to his friends and the girlfriend who was not specifically his girlfriend and went in search of Mom once again. A few more steps and I would have made it around a partition featuring Mom's nature-themed sculptures, but over the chatter of voices and the tinkling of light music, someone called my name.

I turned to see Dean heading my way. My first thought was, Oh no. Following on the heels of that was the memory of my last conversation with him, and how, even if it was only in my mind, he was partly responsible for Cal's absence. Immediately following that, was another emotion completely unrelated to either of the other two—surprise.

Oh no. Walking hand in hand with Dean was my plain and bookish cousin Vera. Unlike the last time I saw her looking out of place and completely bored (at my birthday party a couple of days ago no less), tonight she appeared completely mesmerized. Not by the people or the servers passing around glasses of champagne, and certainly not by the sculptures. Vera reserved her hypnotic gaze solely for Dean.

"Hey, Olivia. I was hoping I'd see you tonight," Dean said.

I looked at both of them, hoping they'd acknowledge the humongous question mark on my face, but neither one said a thing. "Um, hey Dean. Hey Vera."

One hand fidgeting with the hemline of her shirt, Vera responded with an uncomfortable hello. We hugged the way cousins who weren't exactly close would. Weird thing was we were a tad closer than that. An awkwardness that shouldn't be there stood between us, and I had a pretty good feeling it had something to do with Dean and the fact that both of us had most likely seen him in nothing but what the Good Lord gave him. I now knew what it felt like to be on the opposite end of that spectrum.

"Where's Mr. Kearney?" Vera asked.

As much as I didn't want to answer it, I welcomed the question. Anything to get past this awkward silence. "He couldn't stay. Emergency back home." I glanced over at Dean. He had averted his eyes. For a very good reason, they were down at his shoes.

"I hope everything is all right?" she asked, stoic to the last.

"Um, yeah, everything'll be fine." I'd had enough of that conversation. "Did you want something, Dean?"

He cleared his throat and looked at Vera. "Do you mind if I talk with Olivia alone?"

Stoic though she may be, I knew jealousy when I saw it. It could pierce even the hardest of countenances.

I took Vera's hand. "Hey, you have nothing to worry about. Okay?"

Vera's jealousy took a quick turn to embarrassment. She nodded, received a reassuring hand-squeeze from Dean and went to inspect Mom's wall art framed in natural driftwood. It made for a nice contrasting color to the gypsum. However...

"Holy shit, when did that happen?"

Dean flinched. "Honestly, since I came back to town, Vera and I have been seeing each other off and on. She and her mother were one of my first customers, and well, she and I became fast friends."

"Really? I wonder what she thought when you came running the second you heard I was in town."

"Really? "Look, Olivia, it wasn't like that. I meant every word I said to you. My relationship with Vera didn't become sexual until after you're birthday—"

"I don't give a fuck."

Dean froze. Guess who had that deer-in-the-headlights look now?

"Do you have to use that kind of language?"

"Yes, I do," I said, keeping my voice down but taking a step closer to him. "How is it you think you have the right to get in my personal business and attempt to throw a monkey wrench into my relationship with Cal, while simultaneously fucking my cousin?"

"Okay, all right," he said, both hands raised in surrender. "I get it. I'm an asshole."

"You've always been an asshole, Dean. I just didn't see it until two nights ago."

"I'm sorry, Olivia. Okay? I thought I was doing you a favor."

"No, you thought you were doing yourself a favor."

He took a step back. "Well, excuse me for looking out for you. What else was I supposed to do when Linda came to me with the information?"

"You did exactly what she expected you to do, Dean. Congratulations. You're a sucker, too."

His cheeks reddened. The last time I saw that, he was packing his bags and telling me I didn't deserve someone like him. "I don't understand your fascination with him. You're a good, decent woman, Olivia. What could you possibly want with a man like that?"

"I take it back," I began, my fists clenched to keep from punching him. "You're not an asshole. You're a fucking gobshite. I sincerely hope you can endeavor to love a woman like Vera because you will never deserve her. She's too good for you. I was too good for you. What you ought to ask yourself, Dean, is what could I ever have possibly wanted with a man like you?"

gobshite. never I I walked away, leaving him with his mouth wide open and his pants down around his ankles. Figuratively speaking, that is. For all of about five seconds, I was taller than the building, larger than life. I think I may have even walked with a strut. Until I passed the partition and saw something that stopped me in my tracks.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 54





I once tried to take up sculpting. What little girl doesn't want to be like her mother? I must have been seven or eight when Mom handed me a small stone block and a chisel and said, "Here. Make something out of it." Handing a kid a chisel wasn't like handing a knife to a toddler, but it sure was as daunting as holding a knife in your hand and being told to make the first cut.

"It's all in how you work the stone," Mom said. "Think of a shape and try to make it."

I had settled upon the only thing that really fascinated me—clouds. I looked at that hard-edged metal chisel and then down at the square stone block and I thought, How do I make something round and puffy with something hard and angled? I couldn't do it. I tried. I always try. But I just couldn't grasp the concept. I couldn't see the shape of a cloud in a block of stone.

How do I make something round and puffy with something hard and angled? "It's okay, baby," Mom said as I cried. "Maybe you're not meant to sculpt stone."

"I'm not meant to do nuthin'," went the typical double-negative response from a seven-year-old pissed at herself for not having the creator's thumb like her mom.

"That's not true, Livy. Just because you're not good at sculpting doesn't mean there's not something you're good at."

"How do I find out?"

"First you have to find what makes you happy inside, what brings you the most joy, and then you have to turn it into something you can do."

That's when I knew that whatever I chose to do with my life it would have as its roots two of the most primal elements of the earth—wind and water. I knew that I loved the shape of clouds. The white and puffy ones against a stark blue sky, or the bulbous, grey, sun-blocking ones. Even clouds that were dark, malformed and threatening. Didn't matter. They were all beautiful to me. I loved the scent of rain on the air, the electric tang of lightning, and nothing could get my blood pumping faster than the rumble of a tornado. My love of all things weather-related evolved into a career in meteorology while Mom kept popping out the art. I figured life was a sculpture. Mom had just been helping me to see what shape it was going to take before I could make something of it.

Relationships, however, were the one aspect of my life I could never get right. Just like that cloud sculpture, I couldn't do it. I tried. I always tried, and I always seemed to fail. My career, on the other hand, had a solid shape. Its lines were sharp and the rough edges had been sanded smooth. I knew what I wanted there, but even when I thought I had my love life figured out, its shape became vague and uninteresting enough to avert my attention.

But not now. I was focused. I knew what I wanted out of that aspect of my life and his face was clear as day before me, if a little rough around the edges.

He was just a shape, for now, a chiseled and roughly formed shape of the head and upper shoulders, but Mom would soon have the piece looking every bit like the man I'd fallen for. It lacked the blue of his eyes, but every other tale-tell feature was there. The age lines on a forehead I'd grown to love. The perfectly straight bridge of his nose. The roughly shaped lips I knew to be pliant and smooth. Mom had labeled it Work in Progress . She meant the title for exactly as it suggests, and perhaps it would get a new title once it was complete, but I took it literally. Cal was a work in progress. Not to Cal, of course. He had himself and his life from here onward pretty much figured out. He was a work in progress for me. He wasn't as clear in my mind as I would like for him to be. I had much left to learn about my solemn Irishman. But in my heart, his shape had reached a state of perfection that could only be made real once I was in his arms again.

Work in Progress I found myself standing right in front of the unfinished piece, having somehow walked several paces forward without realizing it. The face of my Cal in stone was but a touch away, and yet, I couldn't bring myself to run my fingers over its rough surface. I wanted the warmth of real skin and the beating pulse of a jugular vein beneath it.



"That's the most interesting piece in the exhibit," a voice said at my side. "Don't you think?"

It wasn't Linda, showing up to throw spiteful words at me and dig in the hurt she had caused. This voice was smooth and far more intimately knowledgeable of this work in progress than I feared even I was. Wrapped in a yellow gown and sporting a bob cut whose pointed ends ran the length of her stately chocolate jawline, the voice belonged to Michelle. Or does she go by another name?

"Yeah, it's my favorite."

I waited for a Linda-like sense of syrupy sweetness to overtake that strong and defined face before me, but I received only a graceful glance that held no hint of malice. I saw only Michelle.

"I like that it's unfinished," she said. "Speaks of something else unfinished, I think. Could it be the artist or the subject?" She looked at me. "Or something else?"

I watched her, tried to gauge her true character based on an imposing chin and high cheekbones, but I wasn't sure how to answer her. Worse yet, I had the sinking sensation that I'd better not get it wrong.

After a second or two of thought, I finally said, "Probably a little of all three."

The artist and the subject for sure, but the "something else?" Cal and Mom weren't the only ones with things left to finish in their lives. I was still trying to carve out that figurative stone so I could find the shape my life should take.

Michelle nodded in response. Did that mean I aced her impromptu test?

"I appreciate an artist that's willing to show the imperfections of her work," she said. "It means she's a brave woman, and I admire brave women."

I couldn't figure out if she meant Mom, or if she was intimating at me, and in the next few moments, I kinda didn't care. I watched her run a dark finger tenderly along the bridge of the piece's nose. Cal's nose. My Cal's nose. If I held any doubt before who Michelle was, she ground them all to dust with that one move. She was Arnica. She was the woman Cal called "astute," the woman who treated him like a person and not a repairman, the woman who held a special place in his heart. I know this will sound incredibly childish and impudent, but for a second or two, I was sick with jealousy and I kinda hated her.

"She is," I answered, telling myself she spoke only of Mom because... "She's the bravest woman I know."

"Like mother, like daughter."

Kinda hard to hate someone for long when they call you brave to your face. The most powerful aspect of her at that moment was her curiosity and her fascination with Mom's work.

I laughed half-heartedly. "I don't know about that."

"I do," she answered with a soft, appraising smile that brought out the dimples in her cheeks. "I've been making my way through the crowd, mingling here and there, to reach the artist, your mother, so I could tell her how much I appreciate her work. To see such passion and love put into a piece of art moves me. I already have my eye on a piece or two," she added with a wink. "But on my way to this spot, I realize I may have misjudged you."

"How's that?"

"I've heard much about you. Someone is not short in his praise of you. So much so, I didn't know what to make of you at first. Too much praise can be blinding. I was afraid you wouldn't be as he saw you. I was afraid you wouldn't be strong enough." The look she gave me had apology written all over it. "But I think I understand you now. You see, I overheard several of your conversations this evening. With your brother and with that other young man you verbally castrated." She said the latter with a hint of a giggle before turning a measured gaze at me. "You are a brave woman, Miss Olivia Morton, like your mother. What you did the day before, what you're doing now, it means you have strength. Believe me when I say, you're going to need it."



It was then I decided she wasn't a threat. Guess I'm not as good a judge of people as Granny had been. I had sensed in her too much power for one woman when what I should have seen was a woman who had probably clawed and scraped to get where she is just as I had. No threat of the immensely powerful manifested in the way she carried herself, though. Yes, she was powerful and she knew how to wield it. Only, standing beside me, she didn't wear it. When I looked at her, I saw a woman holding back a sorrow she kept under a tight rein. Her sadness mirrored my own.

"I made a lot of mistakes concerning him," she said, and this time she looked away. She looked to Mom's work in progress. "He wants to lavish me with praise, too, and I won't let him. It's more praise than I deserve. I gave the wrong information to the wrong woman at the wrong time, and I jeopardized him. I jeopardized your family, and for that, I apologize. To you and to him."

She took my arm then and looked at me so pointedly, her apology became as real as a memory, like a scene right out of a movie wherein I saw her utter screw-up. I saw Linda playing the remorseful, tragic figure she was oh so good at, scheming this woman who had spent her life studying people so she could wiggle out of her anything that would help her get back at Cal. Maybe it happened that way. Maybe it didn't. How was I to know? Michelle, Arnica, whatever her real name, wasn't 'giving up the ghost' as my granny might have said. However it had played out, whether Linda duped Michelle or Michelle gave up what she knew out of spite in an effort to hurt Linda, Linda still got what she wanted. And boy, did she used it. She used it to great effect. She hurt Cal and she hurt my dad. She hurt my whole family. Whatever Michelle's role in all this, she was paying for it now. Her next words said so.

"I didn't take the time to get to know him the way you have. Only now do I comprehend how deep his soul is. How timeless and precious, and yet, how easily damaged. Some of us only truly flourish in this life when we're loved, Olivia. He needs to be loved for all that he is, and for all that he can be. If you can do that, then I know you'll be good for him."

I couldn't take my eyes off this woman. Something had passed between us. It wasn't a touch or a word. It wasn't anything tangible. It was more of a sentiment, a weight, like a mantle of responsibility upon my shoulders. I took it without a thought. I wanted the responsibility of him even if the thought that after this night I might not ever see him again breathed somewhere in the dark corners of my psyche.

She let go of my hand. "Take care of him. Okay?"

My voice wouldn't work. I could do nothing but nod. She turned into the crowd, moving with her back straight and her head held high.

"Who was that woman?" a voice asked and a hand brushed across my back. The sensation was too familiar to be anyone but Mom. There she was, looking as hot as Logan said in an off-the-shoulder blue gown.

By the time I looked back, Arnica was gone. Whether she left the gallery or got lost in the crowd, I couldn't tell, but neither could I figure out how to tell my mom who she was. How do I tell her she was one of Cal's former clients, a woman he also called friend? The way she touched Mom's Work in Progress , a gentle finger across the bridge of a sculpted nose, and the sense of loss in her sad smile told me I wasn't the only one in love with Cal. But she gave him up. Willingly. Why? Because she could never give him the love he needed to thrive? Because she wanted him to be happy? If so, then she was far braver than me.

Work in Progress Willingly. "She's a friend of Rosalyn's," I finally said to Mom. "She really likes your work."

"Oh, God," Mom whispered beside me.

"What?"

"Rosalyn. I don't know if I'm ready for this."

"We'll be fine," I said, feeling the rumble of butterflies again.

Knowing Arnica was in the building didn't make me feel any better. A shame, really. If she wasn't much older than me (by maybe twenty years), and if we weren't strangers, we could probably have been friends, but who she was kind of killed my desire to get to know her. Does that make me seem shallow? Maybe. I don't know, but I'm sure Rosalyn would have an opinion.

"Have you seen Rosalyn?" Mom asked.

"No, but I know she's here."

"How?"

I looked about the room at the servers roving around with faux silver platters in their hands. There were a handful of them. Maybe about five or six offering hors d'oeuvre and flutes of champagne to the milling crowds. And there were other people standing in inconspicuous corners of the room, their backs turned, covertly conversing with strangers and pretending they were having a wonderful time. I didn't know a single one of them, but I recognized their faces from the photos Rosalyn emailed me.

"Because," I said to Mom. "The game is afoot."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 55





When I sat down with Mom and penciled out this plan of mine, I hadn't intended it to happen publicly. I wanted it to happen at the art show, but I had hoped to make it private, off in the corner, where Dad could finally see what he'd gotten himself into, where no one could interfere, and it didn't detract from Mom's event.





Rosalyn made me see the folly of that strategy, how someone like Linda could turn it to her advantage.

There wasn't a person in the house that didn't know of yesterday's events. That I, the daughter of Iowa's renowned Bryan Morton, had physically assaulted his girlfriend and landed my pearly white ass in jail for it. Yes, she dropped the charges, and yes, we were now apparently the best of friends again, but every eye in the room looked upon me as if I were the reincarnation of Charles Manson. Every eye in the room that didn't know better, that is.

Didn't change the stain it put on the Morton family name, though. Dad was already feeling it, and griping about it, in the loss of several trusted associates. My actions also cast a shadow on Mom. A few of her stuffy, conservative "friends" had almost canceled on her. They were social friends of Linda, no doubt, and it took a wondrous amount of PR for Mom to get them to change their minds. Leave it to Olivia Morton to come home for a week and ruin everything.

I had to make it public. What was about to happen was going to cleanse the stain I'd put on our family. It would bleach it right out of the minds of the stuffy, conservative types. Making it public, letting everyone see the virus that had infected my family, that I hadn't given the beat down simply for nothing to a woman who had won the hearts of everyone in the community as a sweet-as-candy-Californian-socialite. It was the only way to win back our honor. The woman was as rotten as death, and after tonight, her rottenness would dwarf my little indiscretion. I will have won back not only the community's trust in our family and the trust of Dad's business associates but Dad's trust in me as his daughter. And maybe, in the long run, my parent's marriage.

Anyway, on with the show...

According to plan, I worked my way through the crowd informing those in the know that the show was about to start. I glanced at the clock. It was almost seven. Those butterflies in my stomach had turned into a billion bitter bitches. I had to get this over with. It would have been nice to find something appetizing other than alcohol at some point in the evening. The hors d'oeuvres the "servers" were passing around had yet to tempt me.

At seven o'clock on the dot, I made my way back to Mom. Her anxiety had returned. She conversed contentedly with the people who stopped to congratulate and praise her work, but anxiety evidenced itself in the wringing of her hands.

"Thank you so much," she was saying to a woman I didn't know all that well, but who Mom had known for years. When I came to stand beside her, the woman held back her contempt for me about as well as Donald Trump can hold his tongue. What she got in return was an icy glare and an even icier "goodbye" from Mom before she moved on.

"I heard she and Linda were friends on Facebook. It's times like these you find out who your real friends are." Mom finished with a heavy sigh.

"It's okay, Mom. We're going to get through this."

She put an arm around me. "I know. And don't you even think about blaming yourself for any of it."

Guess I should have expected that. Mom knows me like she knows her sculptures, so I didn't respond. Not to that. I simply informed her without undue emotion that we were ready.

"Oh, boy."

"Don't be nervous."

"I think I'm more nervous to talk in front of a room full of people."



"And what about the other thing?"

She looked down at me with a smile. "Oh, I'm more than ready to help you serve Linda up on a silver platter." Mom knew about the "servers" too and the pun was intentional.

With a deep breath, Mom looked over at the event manager, Marc Something-or-other, and gave him a nod.

I didn't know him well, but he always reminded me of Mr. Rogers and he'd been a longtime supporter of Mom's work. He was one of the people who encouraged her to display her work. His job as event manager was to oversee the event and to facilitate sales. I'd watched him buzzing about the showroom answering questions and piquing buyer interest. Now, he was standing next to Mom, powering on a wireless microphone and speaking over the gallery's speaker system.

"Good evening, everyone. Thank you for coming to Art Studio 54 to view the work of one of Iowa's own, Mrs. Susan Morton."

Mom frowned at me and questioned without speaking, Mrs.? I shooed her concern with a slight shake of my head. I knew she would question it. Throughout the gallery, above each piece and on the standing placard just inside the doorway, she had been advertised simply as Susan Morton. I had asked Marc to use Mrs. intentionally. It was the first dig, a subtle hint that something out of the ordinary was about to take place.

Mrs.? Mrs. Marc continued. "Everyone, please, bring your appetizers and champagne, and make your way to the rear of the gallery. Our talented Mrs. Morton would like to express her gratitude for your attendance, talk a bit about her art and take any questions you may have."

From around partitions and podiums encircled by velvet theatre stanchions, the crowds came. The most nerve-racking part of the evening came in watching the people come together, seeing their bewilderment. These people knew my mother and the majority of them were friends of hers. She hadn't been Mrs. Morton in years. I watched some of them looked upon Mom with apology, others with uncomfortable grimaces for such an untimely faux pas. I'd like to say Mom played the part, but she looked as uncomfortable as they did, and in the end, that seemed to work out well. It's why I decided not to let her in on the idea. Besides, what I next saw made it worth every nerve-racking second.

Mrs. A disgruntled Linda approached the rear of the gallery on Dad's arm. Over the bustle of the gathering crowd, I couldn't hear what she said to Dad, but I could see her disapproval in the pursing of her lips. She observed everyone in the room without discretion, gauging their reactions. Those who caught her indignant eyes quickly looked away. Everyone but me, that is. She stared me down, the color on her cheeks hiding the purplish bruise under the eye she had already hidden with her hairstyle.

Good. I wanted her to curse me with her eyes. She had no idea what was coming, but when the time came that she figured it out, I wanted her to know my hands were all in it.

Marc handed the microphone to Mom. I asked him at the outset not to overdo it and he followed through on his word. The use of "Mrs." twice was perfect. Three times would have been bad form.

I gave Mom's hand a squeeze and moved into a crowd full of familiar faces, family and friends alike. I slipped past Aunt Jeanine and Old Joe, catching the eye of Baylor and his girl, and Logan too as I made my way to Dad's side. I took his hand. It was clammy. As well it should be. But I refused to look Linda's way even though her gaze bored into my head. Were they heat-seeking missiles, I would have been a dead woman, never to see my Cal again. She didn't scare me. The threat of never seeing him again was already on the table. Cal may not have been there physically, but he was there in spirit. I could feel him.

Mom cleared her voice audibly into the microphone, making her giggle nervously and apologize. Embarrassing, yes, but it eased the mounting tension.



"Thank you for coming. It's good to see so many familiar faces. I've known some of you as far back as I can remember. So many of you are familiar with my work and what it symbolizes in my life, but for those of you who don't, let me explain.

"Picasso once said that 'the purpose of art is to wash the dust of daily life off our souls.' I like to think it is to imprint it. Because, what are we without our daily lives, our daily routines? These things are what make us who we are—our careers, our hobbies, the way we look at and move through this world, the people we meet, the people we love, and the people who are most special to us, our families and our children. These are first and foremost my art, my soul. I cannot dust them from my soul. Even those who bring negativity into my life I must thank for the art they bring into my world. That is what I would like to share with you today.

"As you've walked this gallery, you've witnessed parts of my world. The things that have made me happy and given me purpose, like my children; and the things that have brought pain and sadness, like losing the ones I hold most dear."

During her oration, Mom's eyes had settled upon Baylor and me, but she rested them ultimately upon Dad. His hand closed tight over mine and an audible click could be heard at the back of his throat. Audible enough at least for me and the other woman at his side. We both looked at him, both saw how his gaze glistened on Mom. Linda cast the first hint of suspicion in my direction. I smiled. What could she do at this point? Turn around and leave? That would only have shed a light on who she really is.

"These pieces are very personal to me," Mom continued. "I know that you will view them and interpret them into your own lives. You'll see your own children or experience emotions from your own past. That is what I most fervently hope, that through my experiences you are able to connect with your life and make it something worth cherishing, as I have. Cherish even that which leaves a stain on your life, because through art, you can eventually wipe the slate clean."

That last part was my line. Pretty poetic, even if I do say so myself. (My writing ability has flourished over the telling of this story. Take that, Cal. I'm not so bad after all.) The point was to put a spotlight on the 'exact witch' that had left a stain on all of our lives, and Mom did her job well. She landed her gaze squarely on Linda with that line and didn't let up even as the silence lingered, drawing curious exchanges and whispers thin as smoke.

Then, like it never happened, Mom broke contact with Linda, leaving her to fume inwardly. As Mom returned her attention to the audience, offering her thanks for their attendance and announcing she wouldn't mind fielding a few questions, Linda's disdain became as cutting as her gaze.

"I did not come all this way to be insulted, Bryan," she said, her cheeks blazing. Mom hadn't been the only one to stare. More than one set of eyes had turned her way.

"What would you like me to do about it, Linda?"

I was on the verge of elbowing my dad so hard in the ribs, he'd take his balls out of Linda's purse long enough to remember his Midwestern, cowboy heritage and put the woman in her place. That is until I saw the barely contained sparkle in his eye and his desperate attempt to keep from grinning. The woman he'd given up at fifty-five still had the same spunk as the girl he married at nineteen. Maybe there was something of the young man who married her inside him too because I hadn't seen Dad that hot for Mom in years.

I grinned for him and made sure Linda saw it. It was time to turn the temperature up. I locked eyes with Baylor and gave him a wink. He returned with a quick nod. A second later, he was raising his hand. Mom picked Baylor out of the crowd. Linda balked and whispered something in Dad's ear.

"Yeah, you mentioned something about someone leaving a stain in your life," Baylor began, pinching his peach-fuzzy chin between thumb and first finger like an amateur sleuth. "Would you care to elaborate on that?"



He wore a badly acted curiosity over his Korn t-shirt and his buddies were cracking up behind him. All the while, dear reader, incomprehensible and yet undeniably vitriolic whispers continually filtered into Dad's ear.

Korn Mom's response was lighthearted laughter. "Well, sometimes things happen in life. It could be the loss of a family member or a close friend, or people you thought were your friends could prove to you that they are not your friend, or someone ugly and spiteful can enter your life and take away your joy." Mom's eyes rested on Linda once more, but not with the same lingering disdain she reserved for her earlier. Hers was simply a quick 'yeah, I'm talking about you' look. "But as an artist, it's all in how you process it. You can either let it fuel your creativity or repress it."

"What if there was someone here, say, right this second, that had affected your art in a negative way, what would you say to them?"

Bad acting is a Morton family trait. We all suck at faking. But Baylor sure made faking hilarious as shit. Not spitting my champagne out onto the gallery floor took great discipline, and even Dad was having trouble keeping a straight face. I know because he kept clearing his throat to keep it from showing.

Mom responded with grace, doing a better job of acting than Baylor was pretending to be Sherlock Holmes. "One thing sculpting has taught me is to look for the heart in the people you meet. Sometimes a person's heart is a shape locked inside a block of stone. You have to work to find it, and once you do, you may find a thing of beauty. At other times, no matter how much work you put into finding it, all you discover is a cold, black, and twisted heart. To that person, I would say thank you. Thank you for arresting my artistic interest in that which you despise."

arresting Mom stepped away to reveal her Work in Progress . "This piece is a perfect example."

Work in Progress No one had to tell Linda who it was. Recognition fell over her, plummeting the lines around her eyes and mouth, making her look ten years older. For a piece Mom had only begun the day before, it certainly bore a remarkable resemblance to Cal. He was the catalyst for this carefully orchestrated plot for revenge. He was the art Linda's negativity had brought into our lives. She couldn't pretend she didn't see the resemblance or hide her shocked gasp. It was audible enough to turn the head of anyone near her, including me.

"This is your doing, Olivia," came Linda's hushed yet caustic voice. "And don't think I don't know it."

My response was pure, wide-eyed naiveté, and I might have responded, but Mom wasn't finished.

"I began refining the form of the face last night, but I've had this piece roughed out for close to ten years."

Mom smiled at me, and a heaviness settled in my chest that threatened to make me forget about my enemy and turn me into a blithering mess even as Linda steamed. Mom had always been a collector of memories, tiny mementos of the past—report cards, handmade birthday cards, little drawings we made as kids, wherein we'd written in crayon, I love you, Mommy . I just never knew how closely she held onto my future.

I love you, Mommy "I've just been waiting for the right face to come along," she said. "He sat for me a day ago and let me sketch him. I don't know if you can see it, but there's a degree of sadness in his carriage. The downward gaze. The lowering of the head. The slight downward turn of the lips. He didn't want me to sculpt him." Mom's eyes didn't just skim over Linda this time. They rested on her like a couple of red-hot laser beams. "Someone spread ugly rumors about him. They were not only untrue but were as base and despicable as the person they came from. The subject of this piece wasn't proud of his past, but he also was not the man he'd been made out to be, and I wanted to capture that."

Mom turned her attention back to the audience. "Next question please."

"What made you take up sculpting?"



Had Linda paid attention to who asked the question, she might have seen a familiar face. But as Mom answered the question, Linda was too busy leveling a seething gaze my way.

"Don't play innocent with me, girl. You don't know who you're fucking with." That manufactured, high-pitched, syrupy-sweetness had become a stony baritone the likes of which stiffened Dad's back.

"Let's not have another incident," he warned without raising his voice.

not "So, you're just going to let them insult me like this?" She lifted a chin to Mom's Work in Progress and hissed, "After everything that man did to me?"

Work in Progress It wasn't easy to keep my voice low. "Everything he did to you ?"

you "Livy," Dad warned. "This is your mother's night. Let it drop."

My slapping hand had an itch I could have answered with a good heart, but I obeyed. "Yes, sir."

"And Linda, watch how you speak to my daughter."

Personally, I liked the sound of Linda's baritone. It matched her indignance at being told how to speak. Sounded like the end of the bitch to me. I was not expecting that from Dad, and neither was Linda based on her gaping mouth. She yanked her hand out from the crook of Dad's arm and looked at him as if he were something she stepped in.

"When you can speak to me like the woman you claim to love—"

Oh, if that wasn't a hint that someone was ready to hightail it. And she might have, had a woman not stepped from the crowd to ask Mom with a decidedly Hispanic accent, "How long have you been an artist?" Mom answered the question as gracefully as she had all the others, keeping the audience's attention fixed on her. Linda and me, and probably everyone else in on this little deception of ours, were the only ones who weren't eating up Mom's every word.

The woman, who looked to be in her late fifties was not someone I knew. But Linda knew her. I watched her pacify her inner logic and tell herself she wasn't seeing who she thought she was seeing, that maybe she was seeing someone remarkably like a woman she once knew. It wasn't until Mom picked out another face in the crowd that Linda began to grasp the scope of what was happening.

Far at the end of the encircled crowd, partially hidden behind the big heads of Baylor and his buddies, was a tall man in a wide-brimmed cowboy hat. He could have been anyone. He could have been one of Dad's business associates, but he wasn't.

He too stepped from the crowd to ask a question in a thick, Texan drawl, "Is there one piece, in particular, you would consider your favorite?"

I couldn't help sneaking a look at Linda. The effort won me a prize. Her livid, rosy cheeks went from cherry red to pale white in about the same time it takes for lightning to strike. I thought she might faint while Mom went on to answer the question like a typical artist.

"Oh gosh, that's hard to answer. That's like asking me which of my children I love most."

As the audience laughed and Mom talked of her favorite piece, which happened to be the one of the two hands clasped together, Linda stood stock-still as though Mom had carved her from a block of stone. I waited for her to run, to press the panic button on the fight-or-flight mode that waged war with the logic ticking away in her brain, but the only indication that she was alive was the rapid rise and fall of her breasts and the jugular vein beating a rhythmic thrum at her throat. Chickadee was fighting it every step of the way.

One thing I've learned about Linda, she will always try to save face first. If she thought she had a hope of defending herself, and thereby preserving her reputation, she'd stand in the path of an oncoming bullet. Some might call that bravery. I call it selfishness, and a heap of stupidity. Linda was about to get a lesson in both.



A short, stocky man sporting a thick mane of white hair and black plastic rimmed glasses appeared at Linda's side. My description makes him look like Colonel Sanders, but trust me, this man wasn't wearing a white suit with a string bow tie. He wore an expensive grey, pinstriped suit with flashy cufflinks. He held out to her a flute of champagne, and when he spoke, it was with a gravelly, though culturally refined voice.

"My dear, would you like another glass of champagne? You appear to need it."

You're probably wondering what the hell is going on, right? Who are these people breaking CSR's perfectly coiffed sweetness and crushing it into dust? Keep your britches on. You're about to find out.

Colonel Sanders' stylish doppelganger raised one corner of his mouth in a rather sadistic smile. "What's the matter, Carmen dear? Afraid I've poisoned it?"

And that right there, dear reader, was the moment Linda's panic button depressed.

You would have sworn the woman had stared into a magic mirror only to be confronted with her own cold, black, and twisted heart. Linda didn't know where to put herself. She mumbled a string of incomprehensible words, and then, as if she remembered she had someplace else to be, she turned to leave.

Dad was dumbfounded by the whole scene. I heard him say, "Carmen?", as the woman he called girlfriend cut a path through the crowd. I know, I should have told him all about her. I told him a few things, but I didn't tell him everything, not down to the letter like Linda had about Cal. Besides, I know my dad. The man wouldn't have kept it to himself if his life depended on it. It would have come out one way or another, most likely in the way he interacted with her. Remember, he's a Morton. He wouldn't have been able to fake it if he knew everything.

For that reason, he wasn't nearly as quick as he should have been. He should have caught Linda by the arm and kept her from leaving. Maybe yesterday I would have been fine with that outcome—Linda walking away from my family with her tail tucked between her legs—but not now.

So, I did what Dad couldn't. I pushed past him and into the crowd after her. Now that I know what she really wanted, that Dad's money wasn't her main motivation for coming to Iowa, I wasn't letting her out of my sight until the entirety of my plan had come to fruition. As long as Linda was free to do as she pleased, Cal wasn't.

I took several steps toward her, ready to tackle her in front of everybody and disrupt Mom's show if I had to, when a flash of yellow caught my eye and a dark hand grabbed Linda's bare arm. It was Arnica.

"Where are you going in such a hurry?" Though congenial, Arnica's fingers dug into Linda's hard enough to turn her white skin whiter.

"Michelle," Linda moaned like a two-year-old not getting her way. The lilt in her voice had been spoken like a worried question, but that vanished into smoke the second she realized she wasn't getting loose. "Let go of me."

"Michelle," "I can't do that," she said casually, the woman of power having replaced the pleasant person Linda wanted me to meet earlier in the evening. "We're not done with you yet."

"What are you talking about?" Linda glared at the woman she knew as Michelle and then at me. For such a physically beautiful woman, a whole lot of ugliness was seeping out of Linda's makeup-clogged pores and she wasn't silent about it. "You bitch. I should have known better. I should have left you to rot in jail." She turned back to Arnica and pulled hard, freeing herself. "I am leaving. If you're gullible enough to believe anything this conniving little bitch has told you, Michelle, you're not the woman I thought you were."

"What the hell is going on over here?"

It was Dad, quietly seething his question to avoid disrupting the show behind us. So far, we hadn't drawn too many an eye and that's just the way I wanted to keep it. This was Mom's night, not Linda's. I planted my hand on Dad's wrist just as Arnica nodded her head. Shit was about to hit the fan.



"Don't worry, Dad. Someone is just getting what she deserves."

"Livy, I told you to let this drop."

Linda slid her gaze toward me like one might slide a scalpel over bare flesh. "Getting what I deserve ? What about your prostitute boyfriend? There's a reason he isn't proud of past, Sweetheart. You're overlooking the perverse shit he's been paid to do all his life. He's probably fucked more people than there are in this room."

I deserve That hurt, mostly because Linda's words held a modicum of truth, but it didn't hurt nearly as much as what was about to befall her. She'd been so preoccupied with hurting me she didn't notice the servers that had left their posts and taken a position around the four of us.

It was Dad who noticed first, so it was to him I spoke. "It's a little too late to let it drop now, Dad."

One of the servers stepped forward and produced a silver badge from his pocket with the capital building and the words DES MOINES POLICE emblazoned upon it. I don't think I ever witnessed a more beautiful expression of shock than I did when a second white-vested server turned Linda around and forcibly pulled her hands behind her back.

"Sally Kendrick, you are under arrest for fraud, embezzlement, and attempted murder."

There was a clink of metal upon metal, a familiar sound to anyone who had ever actually experienced it. Even if you had only watched it happened to someone else on television, we all know the sound of handcuffs slapping across a wrist. Arnica hadn't been the one to do the cuffing, but she was the one stating the charges.

"What?" Dad said in a shock that was not so beautiful. "Sally Kendrick? What the hell are you talking about?"

"Michelle," Linda cried over her shoulder loud enough to turn heads. "My name is Linda . You know that! I thought we were friends. How could you believe—"

Linda Arnica continued in a voice that was cold as ice. "You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney..."

As she read Linda her rights, Arnica slid those cool eyes toward me, one stranger to another. We didn't know each other, and there was no way we ever would in the future. Cal was our only connection. I would never have known her in any other lifetime were it not for him. She didn't have to do what she was doing, and though I knew she wasn't doing it for me (she was doing it for Cal), I couldn't dislike her even if I tried.

Linda twisted in her cuffs, seeking help from Dad when it didn't come from a supposed friend. She begged him like a helpless kitten, "Bryan? Please. Call my lawyer. Your daughter is a lying bitch! Whatever she told you she made up to please that goddamn gigolo!"

Somewhere behind me, I heard the unmistakable voice of my mother saying, "Thank you for coming..." It wasn't all she said, but those four words were the most prominent. The crowd behind was about to break up and Linda's big mouth was starting to draw attention.

"Livy? Is that true?"

Dad must have lost his mind. I couldn't blame him exactly, considering I hadn't told him much of anything except that Linda was more interested in his billfold than his heart, but I could certainly smack him on the arm for being stupid.

"Dad? Seriously?"

"We're talking about attempted murder here, Livy."

attempted murder "Well, if the shoe fits."

Linda's head snapped around so fast, I thought her neck would snap in the process. That wasn't me, by the way. I wish it had been. That someone wore a blood red dress that clung to her hourglass figure like a second skin. Blood red just happens to be one of her favorite colors. "Brings out my inner she-devil," she once told me. But her dress, with a bodice low enough to show more cleavage than any other woman in the room, wasn't what drew the eye. It was the microphone in her hand and the cameraman behind her that shocked everyone into silence, Linda included.



I might have hissed, "Where the hell have you been, Roz?" But I was as shocked into silence as everyone else.

Rosalyn gave me a sly wink and in the blink of an eye, went full reporter. "Mrs. Malkina, I'm Rosalyn Harris with KCAB, Sacramento's Premier New Station. I'd like to ask you about the allegations your husband has leveled against you. Would you care to respond?"

Had Linda the full use of her hands, she might have slapped the microphone Rosalyn extended to her. "My name is Linda Crawford. I don't know what you're talking about."

But for all of her protestations, she went the color of alabaster when the colonel's doppelganger stepped up next to Rosalyn. He had started the ball rolling. Now he was here to help end it.

"That isn't true," he said with his gravelly voice into Rosalyn's microphone. "I know that woman by the name of Carmen Malkina. It's the name I gave her when she became my wife last year."

By this point, a curious crowd had begun to gather. And so had my family. I could hear Logan tittering over my shoulder, while from the inside jacket pocket of his expensive suit, the man Linda surely knew as Vincent Malkina produced a wedding photograph. There she was, in maiden-white, smiling next to the man everyone could see standing before them. He made sure the camera got a good look, too. This was the last drop in the bucket, the final nail in the coffin, and the old man hadn't finished.

"I trusted you, Carmen. You betrayed me. In less than a year, you've embezzled over two million dollars from my company. You told me you loved me before you left. Going back to Iowa for business, you said. Had I known you were working on your next conquest..." He lifted his chin to Dad, who blanched. "...I would have had my vintage Chardonnay tested. I've been in the hospital for days working out the poison you put in my system." The dark circles under his eyes told the tale.

You'd think Linda would have accepted her fate by that time, but...

"That is a lie! Bryan, don't listen to any of this. It's all lies."

"I don't know, Linda," Dad said. "That picture looks pretty damn convincing to me."

"It's not the only one, Mrs. Malkina." Rosalyn removed a sheaf of glossies from a briefcase at her side. I knew these existed, but I hadn't seen them before, and Rosalyn was about to make sure the whole world knew. She held up an old photograph of an elderly man in a hospital bed with a nurse standing over him, a nurse who looked suspiciously like a younger version Linda.

"Recognize this man? William Stanton?" Rosalyn produced another of the same young woman with a man in a wide-brimmed cowboy hat on a cruise boat. "Or how about Stephen Hastings of Galveston, Texas?" Yet another photograph appeared of an elderly Hispanic man. In this photo, the woman with him had tanned skin and black hair, but there was no doubt who the face belonged to. "Look familiar, Mrs. Malkina? This man's name was Hermano Duarte."

One thing that stayed the same in each photograph (besides Linda, that is) was the obvious wealth of each man. The phrase "black widow" had taken on a new meaning.

Linda had no other strategy left to get herself out of this except for Dad, and she worked him for everything he was worth. "Bryan? Are you going to just stand there and let them do this to me?"

But for Dad, the shock had worn off. The only thing left in him was an emotion I'd felt at the outset of this little story of mine. He was mortified. It's never good when a Morton realizes they've been hoodwinked. It usually brings out the worst in them. Case in point...

"I think it's time for you to shut up and take your goddamn medicine, Linda," Dad said, his jaw ticking faster than the Doomsday Clock.

"You son of a bitch!"

Handcuffs or no, she lunged at Dad, and she would have had him too had I not pulled him back just in time. There were gasps, a shout or two (one of which I think came from Mom), Dad stumbled and we both nearly went to the floor, but at least he kept his throat intact. Even with the officer's tight hold, Linda continued to struggle; only by that time, her hatred had shifted to me.

"You have nothing, bitch! Do you understand me? Nothing. My lawyer is going to tear you to pieces."

Nothing. "Your lawyer is going to be too busy defending your sorry ass in court," Arnica said, while the officer attempted to keep his writhing captive still. "Get her out of here!"

Another white-vested "server" appeared to take Linda's other arm and together, they began to move her toward the exit. This time it wasn't me being handcuffed and shuffled off to jail. But I'd gone with a smile. Linda, on the other hand, fought with enough fervor to knock both her heels from her feet and ride her short dress nearly up to her hips.

There was something rather special in the sight. It was my moment of truth, and believe me when I say that because I looked up the meaning of the phrase. "A crucial moment upon which much depends." And that's true. Much depended upon stuffing that woman behind bars, but I came across a cooler definition, one that suits this situation to a T.

"The moment in a bullfight when the matador kills the bull."

I was that matador, but as I watched them cart the raving lunatic away, kicking and screaming her way out of my family's life, I thought I would have been happy to see it. I should have been over-the-moon ecstatic that Cal wouldn't have to look over his shoulder for her anymore, or that my Dad was finally free of her influence. Rosalyn had amounted enough evidence on Sally Kendrick to send her away from a long time, if she ever got out. This chick right here should have had a big, fat, vengeful smile on her face, just like I did when the cops lead me to a police car.

I didn't.

Linda was getting what she deserved and yet I couldn't gain an ounce of pleasure out of it. Why?



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 56





An idea had bubbled up in me, as the cops took Linda way, to ask them to wait long enough for me to march right up to her and tell her how sad it was that she only saw people for what could get out of them. I would have told her that though Cal's past wasn't any prettier than hers, he had people who loved him. Could anyone say the same thing about Sally Kendrick?





In the end, I decided it was a waste of time. She wouldn't have heard a thing beyond her skewed sense of injustice anyway. So, I stayed where I was in the center of the gallery, watching the officers drag her crazy ass away, listening to her kvetch and draw more attention to herself than was necessary at Mom's art show. She yelled something like 'I'll see you in Hell,' which was a silly thing for her to say when you think about it. It only meant she'd get to Hell way before I did.

I might have said something similar to that aloud and it caught Arnica's funny bone. She laughed and then she did a strange thing. She touched my arm and gave me a smile. Never said a word, though. Everything she wanted to say to me she said earlier, but her smile said goodbye. I think that was the moment I stopped thinking of her as Arnica. She was no more Arnica than Sally was Linda. Her name is Michelle and that's the way I'd rather think of her. Arnica was someone Cal knew in another life. I didn't care to know Arnica.

Michelle walked away, moving through the crowd as she had a while ago. Hard to put into words how I felt about that. I was one hundred percent okay with it because we could never be friends, but at the same time, I knew I'd never get to know Michelle at all and she seemed like a pretty awesome person. It made me a little sad.

Guess that was why I ignored the silent congratulations and squeezes and kisses on the cheek, and why I didn't mind Dad pulling away from my grip. The important thing was that Linda was gone, tinkling piano music had filtered back into the gallery, dissipating the tension, and returning the light conversation as well as the clinking of champagne glasses. The gallery had settled down into its original comfortable rhythm and the air felt lighter, but my heart was heavy.

An arm went around me.

"We got her, baby."

"I know, Mom. Sorry if the skank's mouth drew too much attention."

She squeezed my arm. "I'm not worried if you aren't. She doesn't seem to have left much of an impact."

Mom didn't only mean an impact upon the crowd of attendees. She also meant upon the family.

"Thank God. She tried real hard, though, didn't she?"

"She did, but we have Callum to thank that she didn't."

Hearing his name made the hole in my heart more pronounced. I wasn't ready to think about him yet, so I cast a quizzical look up at Mom and thought of something else. "Do you think Dad will be okay?"

He told me later that evening that he walked away to get away from the curious crowd and their questions. He said he went to the men's bathroom to "think." I say he went away to sulk. In his heart of hearts, I think he hoped Linda would simply walk out of his life of her own accord instead of being taken out in cuffs. He cared about her for whatever reason known only to him. For all I know, she did really care about my dad, but that wouldn't have changed her plans. "A tiger can't change its stripes," as Granny would have said. Eventually, Linda would have taken Dad for all he was worth, and then some. I hated having to brand her in front of him and in front of a crowd of people who knew him well, like Old Joe, but Dad needed to see her for what she really was.

And Mom seemed to agree with that. "Your dad will be fine. Give him some time."

I gave Dad all the time he needed, which sadly, given the time left in the evening, wasn't much. The show ended a couple of hours later and the only ones left were me and my family, and a coworker. My family was as eager as you probably are, dear reader, to get the low down on whoever Sally Kendrick was, and the indefatigable reporter in Rosalyn Harris was just as eager to tell us about it.



All the information I'm about to convey to you will have been released to the local newspapers in Des Moines, Fairview, and Sacramento the next day. While that masterpiece of journalism, penned by Rosalyn herself, held a litany of allegations that could probably take about an hour to read, I'm here to sum it up for you in less than two pages:

Harriet Carroll. That was the oldest name Rosalyn could link back to Linda Crawford. She worked as a caretaker for one William Stanton, a self-made man who made his money in Nevada's gaming business. In 1997, Stanton was seventy-five years old and dying of lung cancer. He loved his Cuban cigars and treated his dogs better than he treated his employees, especially those paid to care for him. The rancorous old man made even the saintliest of people despise him, so it was easy to see how he would make an easy and deserving target for someone like Sally. Posing a nurse, it took her two carefully plotted years to siphon every dollar of his hard-earned money and leave him penniless on his deathbed.

That could have been Sally Kendrick's first taste with a criminal lifestyle, but we'll never know. She hasn't said peep from her jail cell. I do know one thing—she didn't stop there.

Marilyn Hastings. Remember that guy who stood up during Mom's question-and-answer session, the one with the cowboy hat? His dad was the Stephen Hastings of Galveston, Texas. Sally, now calling herself Marilyn married Mr. Hastings in 2001. He was worth a pretty good chunk of cash according to his son. Dirty money, though his son will never admit to it. Good old Dad enjoyed several annual trips to Mexico and was seen in questionable company, like "drug lord" questionable. One fateful day in 2005, he and his pretty wife Marilyn went off on vacation to Cabo San Lucas and never came back. No one ever saw then again, and the drug lords were blamed. That is, until Mrs. Hastings came back a couple years later by herself. When she did, she had a different name, a nice tan, and jet black hair.

Her name was Conchita Cabrera and she "immigrated" into the U.S. in late 2007, where she took up with one Hermano Duarte. Remember the woman in her fifties who asked a question of Mom during the show? Hermano's daughter, Isabella. She says her father married Conchita less than a year later in Tucson, Arizona. State records show the marriage taking place in the fall of 2008, but poor Señor Duarte was up in age. He was close to eighty when sweet little Conchita stole his heart. According to his daughter, his heart wasn't all she stole. She stole his money, too. She somehow convinced him that it would be wise to leave every dime of what he was worth to her. And when he died seven years later, she got everything. Every home. Every vehicle. Every red cent. Conchita left his family with nothing. Over the course of two years, records show that she sold off everything the man ever owned. Cash sales for those sorts of transactions aren't easy to track, and Conchita must have known that because none of that money went into a bank. Her mistake came in transferring a sizeable amount of the sale of Mr. Duarte's house into a trust fund for someone who seemed to have no connection to the Duarte family.

Sally Kendrick had been at this little game of hers for too long. She knew exactly how to cover her tracks, but for an investigative journalist, who made a living tracking down leads like breadcrumbs, Rosalyn knew what to look for. Those breadcrumbs had led her straight to Carmen Ford.

The late Mrs. Conchita Duarte sadly disappeared from Arizona in 2015 right about the same time Carmen Ford arrived in Los Angeles. Her newfound wealth secured her a spot among the social elite in the City of Angels, but for a woman who dropped out of the clear blue sky like Mary Poppins, she had trouble maintaining it. No one trusted her at the outset, and they had a right to be suspicious. But you can't hold someone like Sally Kendrick back. She has a way of working into the hearts of vulnerable people like she did my dad. Eventually, she found someone. For a woman in her early forties, marrying a man pushing eighty is not entirely unheard of these days, but when you're a nobody and he's a billionaire somebody...



Well, people start to talk. Hard to hook up when so many people have negative things to say about you. So, what did she do? She got bored and she started looking for someone to entertain her while the magic she worked over Vincent Malkina took its hold. Because, let's face it, an old man couldn't possibly keep it up long enough to satisfy Sally's carnal desires. She used her standing to make certain friends; friends who led her to Cal.

You know the story from there. She wanted what Cal refused to give—not just his body, but every bit of his soul, too. Sally had never been one to be refused. Her manipulative and vindictive streak went straight to work, Isabella being an excellent example of such. When she threatened to take Conchita to court not long after her father's death, she found herself accused of child abuse and her children taken into protective custody. While Isabella fought to clear herself, Conchita made good her escape with every penny of her inheritance.

Cal, like Isabella, refused to play Carmen's game. He threatened her way of life by exposing her if she continued to pursue him and that opened himself up to a similar attack.

As far as Rosalyn could figure, Sally had never maintained more than one identity at a time. That she would so suddenly change the MO she'd lived by for years served as a testament not only to Cal's persuasiveness but to his claims as well. According to Rosalyn's research, Carmen married Malkina around the same time she became Linda Crawford. She'd never had her way of life threatened for all the years she played her games on gullible old men and their unsuspecting families. So, when she found out about Cal's interest in me, inadvertently or accidentally given by Michelle, she went after my dad. Who knows why she poisoned the current husband, or why she was so ready to ditch him as soon as she married him, or whether she had the same ideas in mind for Dad once she ruined Cal and my whole family. Doesn't really matter anyway. Sally Kendrick got what was coming to her.

Or as Rosalyn put it, while my family stood around in a semi-quiet circle debating Sally, her many lives, and the many lives she had ruined...

"We have enough on the witch to put her away for years. She ain't coming back, not to the Morton family, and probably not to any family for a long, long time."

Logan draped an arm around me and smiled a wicked smile. "Yeah, she gets to find out what it's like to be someone else's bitch. Oh, to be a fly on the wall in that prison cell." I chastised her with a bop on the arm and she giggled.

"I don't know about you guys, but I felt like there was something missing at the end," Baylor said, his girl Dakota wrapped around him. Not specifically his girlfriend, my ass.

"What could possibly have been missing from that epic beat down?" Dakota asked.

"The part where Linda was supposed to say..." Baylor scrunched up his face old-crony-style. "'And I would have gotten away with it, too, if it weren't for you meddling kids!'"

Leave it to my brother, aka former Scooby-Doo addict, to find the humor in having someone arrested for attempted murder. He hadn't actually moved into former-Scooby-Doo-fan status yet. He still watched Scooby-Doo in the morning while eating his Lucky Charms, the dweeb.

A cleared throat turned us in Dad's direction. Arms crossed over his chest, he said, "Not that there was anything funny about that." Leave it to Dad to take up for the con artist. He held up both hands when he saw the looks on our faces. "I am not defending her. I'm just saying we shouldn't be making jokes..."

I leaned into him. "Don't feel bad, Dad. It's not like you were the first lonely man she ever swindled."

"Thanks," he said with a smirk. "That makes me feel so much better."

Dad laughed and we laughed with him, but inside him, he had no real amusement in him. I think we could all see it, but we laughed anyway. He would do his hurting on his own time. For now, we needed the revelry, the chance to celebrate that our family was whole once again, or as close to whole as we were going to get for the time being. The evidence was in the high-five Baylor gave Dad for putting Linda in her place and with the look he and Mom shared. There was meaning in it. They didn't touch like they had last night. They wouldn't, not in front of everyone, but the intent was there. It might take time. Hell, it might take a year or more, but eventually the "close to whole" would become whole again. We would be a family again.

"I say let's party," Baylor said.

"I'm with Baylor," Logan said. "Let's hit the best restaurant in town and celebrate."

Dad smiled at me. "My dime."

I nudged him. "Let's put it on Rosalyn's dime. She's loaded and she started all this anyway."

"Girl, I done spent enough money on you."

"TMI, Roz, TMI," I said, drawing a laugh from those in the know. Boy, was I glad everyone didn't know the whole story behind that joke. "Tonight isn't about me, anyway. Or Linda or what she did or what she was about to do. Tonight is about Mom, the woman who taught me you have to chisel and file and shape your life every day to find what makes you happy."

I glanced over my shoulder to Mom's Work in Progress with its sad face and its story of an unhappy childhood and his reasons for not wanting to be replicated forever in a piece of stone. I knew what made me happy.

Work in Progress "My family," I said, and that was the truest statement I could make. Through every upset in my life, they had always been there. They weren't perfect. They had their rough spots and dings from being thrown around a bit, but they were my family, even those that weren't blood, and we were all together again. I had the happy ending I always hoped for. Baylor and Dad were talking to each other again. My mom and dad were standing next to one another in the same room once again. I couldn't ask for more.

Or, at least, I shouldn't have.

Good and satisfying though my happy ending was, I couldn't fully shake loose the feeling that something wasn't right. The circle of family wasn't fully closed. Baylor said something was missing, and he was right, but it wasn't some thing . It was some one .

thing one I still had one shape from the sculpture that was my life left to carve, and that was my heart, my Cal. He was the shape inside my block of stone, the thing of beauty I'd been working to find, and his soul was the most beautiful of anyone I've ever known. I looked at my family and knew that he was the gap in the circle. He was the part of me that was unfinished, imperfections and all the emotional baggage that came with him. To have him as a part of my imperfect family, now that would have been perfection.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Part Seven - "I Don't Want To Live Without You..."


Author's Note : This was originally the title to Part Six, but I think it fits better here.

Author's Note Author's Note : This was originally the title to Part Six, but I think it fits better here.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. The name of the town is called Woodland. Located a little northwest of Sacramento, it's a town I've reported on, weather-wise, but have never had a reason to visit. Until now. Nice town, if you're into that upper-middle-class flavor with the big shopping centers and chain restaurants and homes nestled together like cozy buddies in neat little cul-de-sacs.

No offense to you Woodlanders. It's not a bad place to call home, I guess. I'm just partial to the country. The sound of crickets in the thick grass at night. The neigh of horses. The rustle of corn stalks in a hot afternoon breeze. Can you hear my lonesome sigh?

I've been back a total of eleven days, going on twelve, and already I'm homesick for wide-open fields and the chance to see the stars at night. City lights are now as garish as flashing neon, and those neat little cul-de-sacs have become as claustrophobic as New York City apartments.

East Main Street in Woodland comes with all the amenities a family can expect to find in a nice town: Starbucks, McDonald's, Home Depot, hotels for visiting friends, schools for the kids, convenience stores for your late night munchies and self storage units when too much of your junk brings down the value of your home and the rest of the neighborhood along with it. I liked the little town. It's only thirty minutes away from the station. I could probably handle the commute and the gas mileage in my little putt-putt. Hell, I could live here and be comfortable. For the most part. But it wasn't for myself that I traversed the streets of this pleasant, family-centric corner of California. I had another reason for being here, a specific address, in point of fact, and the GPS was doing its job leading me straight to it.

But let's backtrack a bit. I've done this to you before. Jumped ahead in time, leaving you in a tailspin, wondering what the hell has happened in my life since the last time we talked.

Plenty has happened. Let me tell you about it.

For starters, after the art show, we partied. We found the nicest restaurant in Des Moines. We ate, we drank, we had a good time. Mom, Dad, Baylor and I sat at the same table for the first time in a very long time. It wasn't as storybook perfect as I would have wanted it to be—Mom and Dad didn't hold hands and gaze longingly at one another—but that milestone alone was worth celebrating in my book. If Mom and Dad ever get back together, it'll take more than carting the ex off to jail. It's going to take time, hard work, and no small amount of groveling on Dad's part to win back a woman who had learned to live without him.

Second, Baylor officially introduced Dakota to the family. He didn't use the word "girlfriend" in connection with her that night, but by the time I left home, things were definitely headed in that direction. Baylor and I both initially worried about Dad's reaction to Dakota. She already had a few knocks against her based on his conservative way of thinking, but two things won her Dad's favor. One, she loved horses and expressed great interest in what Dad did for a living. That won her not only Dad's instant favor but also an invitation to the ranch, which in turn helped to mend the bruised relationship between Dad and Baylor. (Baylor is back in the comfy graces of his father, thanks to Dakota; and me, of course. I told Dad if he didn't apologize to his son and accept him back into the house, he would have my wrath to face. Always a scary thought for any man.) Reason number two had nothing to do with Dakota at all and everything to do with a certain Irishman. Dad made the mistake of prejudging him, twice , and found out how wrong he was each time. The second time almost cost him everything—his investments, his way of life, and his family. The thought nudged him close enough to liberalism to be accepting of a woman like Dakota. Though, it helped that Mom accepted Dakota based solely on the way she looked at Baylor. Mom just knew.

twice

On the subject of Dad, he's getting over his broken heart faster than I thought he might. The first night, he was okay. Having family around bolstered him, but the next day, depression hit him. I don't think it was the loss of Linda as much as it was the loss of his pride and the potential effect it could have had upon his family. Having Baylor around to help clean up her mess helped.

When Baylor moved his meager belongings back into the house, he made Dad a deal, "I'll help you burn all of Linda's crap in exchange for a steak dinner with all the trimmings." Dad accepted. Troy was quick to bring an end to that idea, however, by suggesting they neatly pack her things and bring them to him. According to Dad, they processed Linda's belongings legally, as requested. Though, I heard through the grapevine that Baylor and his buddies had a bonfire at the ranch after I left.

neatly And speaking of "the ex," that bitch is looking at a very long prison sentence. Yeah, it's too early to set my hoped-for theory into stone, but I've learned the families she'd swindled over the years are coming out of the woodworks, and every one of them has a story to tell. It'll be interesting to see how her trial transpires. The good news is that Linda hadn't the opportunity to sink her claws into my family in the time she spent with Dad. Her special brand of magic usually took effect once she signed the marriage license, and Linda never got that far. The Morton's can now wash their hands of her.

Thirdly, Mom made a killing the first night of the showing. It was hard for her to let go of so many pieces. Each one was a tiny portion of her life. To let them go home with strangers for whom its meaning would become skewed toward their own life view was, for Mom, like seeing her children leave home to face the world alone. For the first few days after, she went through a kind of empty-nest syndrome. A house empty of her work left her soul hollow, left her bereft of inspiration (and my going back to California didn't help), but she recently sent me pictures of her current project, one that started out as a rough piece of stone shaped into a familiar face. She had formed it, smoothed its edges, defined its features until I couldn't think of it as it anymore, but he or him. Mom found her inspiration again.

it he him. I'm still searching for mine.

It started the night of the showing. After all the drama passed and we partied the night away, I couldn't stop thinking about Cal. While we ate, and toasts to Mom went around the table, I kept wondering what it would have been like had he been there to celebrate with us. When we later dragged Mom and Dad to a club, where Baylor and the guys were invited on stage for an impromptu performance, and I pulled Dad onto the dance floor with me, I couldn't help but glance around the room for Cal's face. I could see him in my mind watching me from a distance, working up the courage to come to my table, martini in hand, to repeat the first words he'd ever spoken to me.

And when we later retired to each our hotel rooms (because driving the hour back home to Fairview was a bad idea with all the alcohol we had consumed), and I put my key card into the lock on the door, I imagined Michelle had given him a stern talking to and convinced him to go back. For a few seconds, I had even convinced myself that when I went in, he would be there waiting for me.

Walking into the hotel room, turning on the light and realizing I was all alone, sobered me in more ways than one. Cal wasn't coming back. If I wanted to see him again and fill this hole in my heart, I would have to do as he asked. I would have to find him.

I didn't right away, though. Something about going back to California rubbed me the wrong way, like walking backward. It didn't feel right. I still feel that way. I don't belong here. As I write this, I'm missing Mom's laughter, Baylor's corny jokes, Logan's raunchiness, Mitzi snorting in the pen below the apartment, and even Dad bemoaning his newly regained status as an eligible bachelor.



Instead of racing back to California, I stayed on in Fairview a few more days. Long enough for Mom's showing to finish out its run over the weekend and to help her bring what was left back to her house. I had a steak dinner with Dad and Baylor and even went to the movies with Logan and the girls. I didn't want to leave, but when I did, I went back determined to find Cal.

The leaving home was bad, but the flight back was worse. I didn't have his hand to hold. I didn't have his fear to calm (and pick at) as the airplane climbed into the sky. I faked a smile at the strangers I shared the row with and stared out the window imagining the moment I would see him again. I imagined a lot of different Nora-Ephron-worthy scenarios, too—finding him at O'Henry's sitting in the same booth where we first met, running into him on the street or in a shopping center, up to and including pronouncing my love for him on air and having him run into the studio after seeing me on television.

None of these romance-novel imaginings panned out, however. Once you imagine a thing, reality shows you what a bitch she really is and avoids your dreams at all costs.

But it's not as if I've been sitting on my ass doing nothing besides crying into a couple of pints of ice cream (Ben & Jerry's Chocolate Therapy, to be specific). This weather lady has been busy.

How, you ask?

I shall answer.

A train roared past me on the right as I passed a Denny's. The sight of the restaurant through the swish-swipe of my windshield wipers made my stomach think about growling. I could have gone for late night pancakes in a heartbeat if I could have contemplated the idea of being hungry. But food was not high on my priority list. Ice cream probably would have been when I returned to my apartment, but I had an address to locate and it was really the only thing on my mind. Food could wait. At least until I marked this last address off my list.

This last address? Yes, you heard right. Remember, I've been back in California for eleven days and I haven't been slack. I've been searching for my inspiration since the airplane landed.

This last address? I tried the easy way at first. I asked Rosalyn to contact Michelle. I begged her to ask for Cal's address. What did I get? A back and forth toss of a surly black woman's silky tresses. Seemed the Arnica side of Michelle didn't trust me with Cal as much as she claimed to.

Well, that's probably not an entirely true statement, but it's what I thought at first when Rosalyn said, "She thought you might ask."

"And?"

"And she asked me to tell you she would rather not be drawn into whatever happens between you and him."

I guess I could understand. If I were in her position, I would probably say the same, but it didn't help me to solve my problem.

"Then, how am I supposed to find him?" I asked Rosalyn.

A redundant question really. I already knew the answer. That was the terrified crybaby in me making herself known. She tends to hide around people she doesn't know but makes herself known with those she does so she can work her own kind of special magic. It's called The Guilt Trip. Only, Rosalyn had cast a ward against my crybaby magic not long after she met me.

"You know his name, girl, and you have a degree in journalism. Use it."

That had been her answer, and I stormed out of her office just like a crybaby. I needed to hear it, though. I needed someone to tell me to get to work. Mom said before I left, when I was trying to work the same magic over her, "When two people are meant for each other, baby, the obstacles between you are going to seem as big as mountains. You have to find a way to climb over them and meet him at the summit."



Everyone, meet my mom, the sculptor and now, the poet.

I took her advice only after coming to terms with the knowledge that crybaby magic no longer works on either Rosalyn or Mom. I then got to work climbing my mountain-like obstacles. Starting with the phone book.

Boy, was that a mistake. I found out real quick that catapulting over my mountain was another version of "the easy way." There were way more Kearney's living in Sacramento and its suburbs than I thought there would be. There were Angela's and Shelley's and Kip's and John's and Daniel's, but not a single Cal or Callum in the phone book. I came down my side of the mountain in a rockslide.

However, I was not to be thwarted.

Once, in journalism class, my professor tasked us with an assignment. We were given a name and the most basic of information: age, date, location of birth, the high school he or she attended and a few nicknames. Then, we were told to locate that person. It hadn't been an easy task, but I tracked my quarry down.

I took the essence of that assignment and put it into my search for Cal. Still, even in the class assignment, I had the internet to fall back on. You can find almost anyone on the internet. Everyone leaves a signature, right? Social media. Employment. Academia. Photographs. With the right search, you can locate old phone numbers and addresses. Eventually, it can lead you back to a person.

Not so with Cal.

What little I knew about him wasn't going to help me locate him in California. He had no social media presence. He never gave me his phone number, and I, like an idiot, never asked. All I had was a name, a watch, and my love for him. I guess I could have forked over a good bit of money to an online people-search site, or I could have used my status as a journalist and well-known local television personality to bribe the phone company into letting me view my phone records. But either avenue seemed petty and, for all the money it would cost, cheap. Cal was worth so much more to me than that.

Yes, I could have taken the straightforward, painless route as easily as I can sit around ruminating over the fact that if Cal really wants me back in his life, all he has to do is knock on my door. He knows where I live, where I work. He knows my phone number. It would be a cinch for him to find me.

him me. These truths being as ugly as they are, were followed by ugly questions that circled over my head like vultures—Did I do something wrong? Had he decided I'm not the woman he thought I was after all? Had he found someone else? Had he gone back to the profession he confessed to abandoning the night we met? Had he moved away? These little ghosts of doubt surfaced now and again, but I always shooed them away. I buried myself in work and in my search for him. I wouldn't dwell on them. I couldn't. If I had, I would have given up after my first few days in front of the camera, because surely, he would have seen me on TV, he would have known I was back in California.

That right there is the reason I didn't give up. Knowing he was watching me brought me back to his letter every single day. And I read it every single day. I bathed in his passionate words and reveled in the knowledge that the man who started out as my ultimate fantasy saw me, plain old Olivia Morton, as his fantasy. He wanted to make a life with me. When you're ready, he said, you know I won't be far away. I went to bed alone every night knowing he was waiting for me, and in the time I searched for him, I gave him tiny clues that I hadn't given up on him.

When you're ready, you know I won't be far away. I stuck to short-sleeved or sleeveless dresses when I stood in front of a green screen so he would see his watch on my arm. With its big, black face and silver dials, it stood out like a bracelet. I wore the ungainly man's watch on my dominant hand. Each night I went on air and emoted weather patterns across a green screen, the watch would dangle and wobble on my wrist. It got to the point my Twitter account began filling up with viewer questions about it. I never spoke about the watch on-air in the Nora-Ephron style I'd fantasized about on the plane ride home, but I did tweet the answer once.



"I wear it for someone I miss," was all I would say. If Cal happened to lurk my Twitter feed, he would see it and he would know. He would know I was ready.

But all that was what happened in the foreground. In the background, I took out that phone book, the one with the longer-than-expected list of Kearney's in Sacramento and its surrounding suburbs, and started making phone calls. I called them all. Male and female. It was a long shot, but it was all I had to go on, and being a television personality helped. The people who knew me from KCAB were not as apt to hang up on me, though I did get a few of those. People sure can be assholes, television personality or not, especially if they think you're selling something, but most of the people I spoke to were nice and as helpful as they could be. Problem was, no one I spoke to knew anyone named Cal or Callum, except for perhaps deceased relatives. It isn't such a popular name here in the states, which lead me to wonder why I couldn't find any listings for a Callum Kearney in the phone book. Thus, when I finally reached the last of the Kearney listings, I stopped making phone calls and tried a different avenue.

For every call I made, I had as many that either never responded to my voicemail, never answered the phone or the line had been disconnected. The grand total came to a list of about fifteen addresses, and over the course of two and a half days (in between working hours, I might add), I hit every one of them. The result? I cried myself to sleep the third night.

That was the closest I came to giving up. I was ready to chuck it all, quit my job and go home. Sorry, but it's what a late night overreaction to drinking more than half a bottle of merlot right out of the pantry will do to you. Those ghost doubts surfaced in a bad way that night, but by the next morning, I'd come to my senses after half a pot of coffee. It helped to beat back the hangover and kept me from calling in sick. Rosalyn would have rung my neck if I had. Not because of taking a sick day, but because I drank myself sick out of despondency.

"No man is worth all that drama," she would have said, and honestly, I agreed with her even if she only said it in my head.

I chalked up my temporary breakdown to exhaustion and the frustrations of a fruitless search, then chose for sanity's sake to put the search for Cal aside and save my next day off for me.

I vegged out. I planned in advance, went to the store and stocked up on the kinds of snack food any idiot can fix to feed themselves—microwave popcorn, ice cream, Totino's pizza rolls, and potato chips. The next day, I sat my fat ass on the couch to watch movies. None of that Lifetime movie drama shit. No way. I let Amazon make a killing off me. Scared myself to death watching Shyamalan's Split , then had to rewatch Unbreakable because...Oh my God, the ending of Split ! Then, I rewatched Titanic for like the millionth time. When Jack made Rose promise never to give up, "no matter what happens, no matter how hopeless," and when he slipped into the icy water to Rose's promise of "I'll never let go" (which I'll admit I repeated aloud over a spoon full of ice cream), I cried my eyes out worse than any of the previous times I watched it. All I could think of was Cal and his promise that one day we'd get to live out our fantasy of being together, and by the afternoon, I ended up renting Lawrence of Arabia .

Split Unbreakable Split Titanic Lawrence of Arabia The title coaxed me all day long, as Cal had the night we met. At almost four hours long, the movie had been a great distraction. Bored me at first, as older films do, but after the first hour, the film had me hooked. It wasn't merely the acting or the story. I saw something of Cal's life in the tale—the struggle to survive in a harsh world and how that struggle can change a person, can alter their choices in life; and I saw through the eyes of the character Sherif Ali what a struggle it would be to be with someone like Cal. Physically, he was perfection, but life had mangled him emotionally and spiritually, just as war distorted the man Lawrence had once been. Knowing how much of my strength it was going to take simply to be a part of Cal's life didn't mean I was about to let him go.



It was during the final scene, as Lawrence stood inside an open vehicle to watch a passing motorcyclist and the passing of Arabs upon camels (and in my mind, looked for any sign of his constant companion Ali), that the phone rang. It was late, nearly eight o'clock. Patsy called from the station to tell me a phone call had come in for me. She'd taken a message. The pizza rolls and ice cream I'd eaten for lunch started to do a number on my stomach when she said the name Kearney. I thought I was going to be sick until she said, "He said you called a couple of days ago looking for someone?"

"Oh yeah, I did," I said, my stomach settling down somewhat when I realized she hadn't said Cal, but Andrew. Still, there was a tiny knot there that wouldn't go away. "What did he want?"

"He wanted me to tell you he remembered someone he knows from the university he attends. He said he has the same last name but isn't listed in the phone book. Goes by the name of Flynn. He gave me an address. Do you want it?"

The knot grew to a storm in my gut. I stumbled about the living room, looking for something to write on in the dark. I'd been so immersed in watching movies I hadn't noticed day turn to night or that a clear sky had turned into rain. Sad for a weather woman, right? I wrote down the address on the back of the newspaper, saying it aloud to Patsy to make sure I got it right, to which she agreed I had. I thanked her to the moon and back while I ransacked my closet for something to wear.

"What is this all about, Olivia?" she'd asked.

"Oh, just a side project I'm working on," I told her while I grabbed a shirt that wasn't marked with dried cheese, oily tomato juices, and spots of chocolate ice cream.

"Does it have anything to do with that watch you wear every day to work?"

I tossed a pair of jeans over my shoulder. "Kinda."

"Who is he?" She sounded eternally curious, like she had been wanting to ask for days, but could never get up the courage. Proof positive that Anna and Patsy never had anything to do with setting me up on a date with an escort. Of course, I didn't need proof anymore. I knew the truth.

"I'll tell you when I find him," had been my answer because I knew another truth. The address I scribbled down in permanent ink on the back of a newspaper was Cal's address. Don't ask me how I knew. It was a long shot. I knew that, too. But something told me after all the crazy searching I'd done, I'd finally found him.

I changed my clothes in a hurry, brushed my teeth, almost forgot to put on a pair of shoes and a jacket before heading out into the weather and ran like a mad woman out of my apartment. Then, I ran back in because I actually did forget my purse and my keys. I even left the TV on, paused right at the moment when Lawrence looked back. I was looking back, too. I might only be a weather specialist at a local television news station, but I had also become the central character in a long-awaited romantic movie. I was Meg Ryan hurrying to find Tom Hanks at the end of Sleepless in Seattle. I was Bridget Jones running half-naked through the snow to find her Mark. I was Rose searching the bowels of the Titanic to find Jack as the ship slipped slowly beneath the frigid waters of the North Atlantic.

Sleepless in Seattle. Titanic I ran out into the night not caring if the rain soaked me to the bone. I jumped into my car and raced the thirty minutes it took to get from my apartment in Sacramento to the address Andrew Kearney gave for a guy named Flynn in Woodland, California, a guy who was supposedly so private he didn't want his phone number listed.

Denny's would have screamed by had a traffic light not halted me. Damn the things, always holding you up when you really need to get somewhere. And that wasn't the only one. Woodland seemed to be littered with them. I was getting close though. A few more intersections, a few more restaurants, an overpass, and BOOM, the GPS's promised turn appeared on my left. By the time I turned into The Beaumont Apartment Homes I was breathing as if I'd run a marathon. Then, like a car tire struck by an errant piece of road debris, every single hope in me deflated.



Maybe it was the late night or the falling rain, but for the life of me, I couldn't picture Cal living there. I had imagined a highrise all-glass apartment building with a balcony overlooking the town, not this suburbanite's dream. It looked average . A faux garden-style complex with two-story buildings that housed four apartments each. The title "apartment homes" made the place seem high end, maybe even a little luxurious, but these were the kind of apartment complexes your every day, hard-working, middle-class citizen lived in. Not someone like Cal who owned watches more expensive than my monthly rent. One of his suits was probably worth more than my car. My insides had become as hollow as that imaginary flat tire.

average Still, I pulled into the complex and searched the building numbers until I found the one I was looking for. It was a quiet neighborhood, save for the rumble of vehicles on the main drag. Lights were on in some windows and the light of a television flickered in others, but the one in question was dark. Only a light above a blue door signaled the apartment might be occupied.

Grey stucco walls and sparse landscaping greeted me through the rain. The knotting in my gut kept me in the car for a few minutes as I waited for any sign of life from within the apartment, for something to tell me, "Yes, it's him," or "No, it's someone else." It took a few deep breaths and a lot of prepping-for-disappointment to get me out of the car and into the rain. I wasn't hurrying like Rose anymore. This was a deliberate and cautious approach. All of my certainty that this was Cal's address had waned. I couldn't be sure if I would see him again in the next few moments, or if I was about to ring the doorbell of a stranger.

I rang anyway, hardly noticing the rain pelting me from above or that it was soaking my jacket. All I knew was the silence on the other side. I rang again. Still, nothing. But I waited. I hoped. I prayed. I saw the door opening even though it didn't. I saw him standing there even though he wasn't, wearing the drab suit he wore the last time I saw him. Two mostly unbelievable scenarios played out in my head—one in which he stared at me as though he never knew me, and another in which he pulled me inside and squeezed me into his arms.

Neither happened.

I waited for as long as I reasonably could, for the required number of rings etiquette allowed that would keep neighbors from peering out of doors or windows before I took a step back. My fingers caressed the door as I did, imagining it was him and not some stranger's doorway, some man named Flynn who didn't know me. Then, I turned and went back to my car where the rain came down on me like a hammer of resignation.

Either I had failed as a journalist and I didn't have the wherewithal to find him on my own, or Cal didn't want to be found. I prayed I was just a sucky journalist because if the other was true, water wasn't going to be the only thing falling from the sky. My heart would too. It would scrape alongside the edge of my mountain where it would land at the bottom in shattered pieces.

Whatever the reason, I had a feeling I was done looking. More than a veg-out-day would be required to find the motivation to keep going. But how to tell Mom? Better yet, how do I tell myself I had given—?

A car door slammed. The beep-beep and flashing lights of a remotely-locked vehicle distracted my thoughts from where they had inevitably been going. Which was good, considering the next few seconds crushed those negative thoughts like they never existed.

Even in the dark and the pouring rain, I knew the man walking up the sidewalk toward me. He may have worn a hoodie to protect himself from the weather, and the complex's meager street lighting may have only lit the edge of a clean-shaven jaw, but I knew the shape of that face. I knew the hands loaded down with plastic grocery bags, every finger, every nail, every vein that traced its way under his skin. And I recognized those long legs though encased in loose-fitting jeans and worn sneakers. I knew their stride.

He wasn't looking at me. His eyes were on the sidewalk, on some thought behind them while he kept his face out of the rain. For a second or two, I wondered where his mind was and how long it was going to take him to see me standing in his path. I didn't wonder for long.

Cal looked up and came to a standstill.

I told myself I wasn't going to cry when I finally saw him again. I could be strong. I didn't have to give into that weak-willed, girly reaction. I would take him into my arms. I would hug him. I would tell him how much I missed him, and finally tell him what I should have told him before he left. But dammit, as soon as recognition lit in his eyes, a quivering breath hitched in my throat.

"Livy..."

Cal said no more. He couldn't have. He set the bags down, came toward me in two big steps and pulled me into his arms so fast my feet lifted off the ground. His mouth found my cheek and my forehead and my nose before finally settling for a long and passionate moment upon my lips. Our connection was as beautifully bittersweet as our first kiss and tenderly imperfect. Our lips sat askew. My hair was wet and plastered to both our faces, and Cal struggled to keep his balance, but he wouldn't put me down and I didn't want him to.

For a long moment after our kiss, Cal stared up into my face, raindrops falling onto his fine features, finding the lines in his brow and rolling down the bridge of his nose where they dripped off the edge of that perfect curvature.

In a hushed voice only I would have heard over the falling rain, he said, "You found me."





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Author's Note : "I Don't Want to Live Without You" by Foreigner from the 1987 album Inside Information.



Author's Note : "I Don't Want to Live Without You" by Foreigner from the 1987 album Inside Information. Author's Note Inside Information.





Chapter 58





"You found me."





The last perfect line in a romance novel. Right after those three words, you'd see these two words:

THE END.

Hell, it would have been gorgeous in a movie with a couple of actors like Ryan Gosling and Amy Adams or somebody. A street lamp would have lit both characters in an ethereal light. Rain falling from the sky would have been like slow motion snowflakes from heaven. Ryan and Amy wouldn't have minded these heavenly raindrops soaking them from head to toe. The camera would have zoomed tight on the lover's faces, so the viewer (misty-eyed, to be sure) could hear him say the exact words Cal said to me.

And what would the scriptwriter have penciled in as the female character's reply? Go ahead. You've watched enough romance movies and read as many happy-ending romance novels to know what she would say.

"I found you."

Yeah, it's a little predictable, but it's also sweet and endearing and everything you'd want out of the lovers' tale before they kiss and the curtain closes on their story.

By now, dear reader, I think you know me better than that. The curtain has not yet closed on our particular story. I still have a bit more I need to tell, starting with the fact that I wanted to throttle the man!

I'm not the romantic. That's Cal. And to be honest, though I love the sound of rain falling by the bucket load and the scientific process by which they are created, I'm not particularly fond of having liquid bullets pelt me from the sky, even if they are heavenly. Cal's lips might have been warm and inviting, and were this the end of my romance story, I might not have ever wanted to let him go, but the culmination of everything I had gone through since he left had begun to boil over inside me. Those divine bullets from heaven sizzled off the hellacious attitude brewing inside me.

I was pissed. Our storybook ending came to a quick close when I pulled away from him.

"Flynn? Really? All this time your name is Flynn and you didn't tell me?"

The smile that I love fell and the happy ending died right after. Lines deepened between Cal's brows. "Livy, don't. We just found each other."

I growled. "We nothing. I found you."

See, I even managed to ruin the perfect romance-movie reply.

"Put me down." I slapped his shoulders when he didn't comply fast enough and slapped his chest when he finally did.

"Do you have any idea how hard you are to find, Flynn? I searched for you for more than a week. I stressed myself to the breaking point trying to track you down. And all for what? To find out you live thirty minutes away! Shit, you could have given me a goddamn clue!"

By the time I finished, I had revealed more than my frustration. My voice broke and tears spilled that only I could differentiate from the cold rain. They fumed like molten rock down my cheeks, revealing the emptiness of my heart without him.

Cal tried to pull me into his arms, but I struggled with him, tried to pull away from him. The harder I fought, the closer he held me until he had me sandwiched against him.

"I missed you too, Livy."

His mouth when he kissed me was as warm as my tears. Warmer than even my heart. He said what I couldn't say, what I was too damn prideful to admit. That I missed him and I loved him more than any man I've ever known. Searching for him took more out of me than I thought. I gave up all of my strength in his arms, and yet, I still didn't have the guts to say those words to his face. All I had was the ability to let his touch warm me from the inside out.



With one last kiss, Cal pulled away and said, "Let's get you out of the weather before you catch cold."

"Right now, I wouldn't care if I died of pneumonia."

"Well, I'd care very much if you died of anything. So, let's get inside."

Cal picked up the grocery bags and ushered me back toward the apartment door I'd only just walked away from. There was enough of an eave to keep me out of the rain, but I must have looked like a drowned rat.

"Here, reach for my keys," he said, offering me a hip since his hands were full. "They're in the front pocket of my jeans." His playful smile threatened to make me forget how pissed I was at him.

I held back the temptation to grin as I reached into his jeans in search of his keys. They were all the way down at the bottom. Good thing I was still teary-eyed enough to sniffle. Didn't want it to seem like I enjoyed being this close to his manly bits. Not nearly as much as he was enjoying it.

My fingers wrapped around the set of keys when what they really wanted was to wrap themselves around him. "You're lucky I'm cold and wet or I'd jab these keys into your tender parts."

Cal kissed my nose. "Open the door, mot. My groceries are getting wet."

Keys out of his pocket, I opened the door, trying to hold onto my anger and finding it increasingly difficult to do now that I was in his presence again for the first time since I left him at Mom's house. It almost didn't feel real.

"Light switch is on the wall to your left."

And neither did this living space. I stood on the inside doormat, letting Cal squeeze in behind me and set his groceries on a round table. I looked over his living space as he had looked over mine about a month ago. There was a remarkable difference between the two.

Not bragging or anything, but my space has character. Everything about me is there. Art on the walls. Photographs of family and friends. Colorful furnishings. My favorite throw lying on the couch. My favorite house shoes by the door. The current book I'm reading marked with a scrap of paper torn from a magazine and lying on the coffee table. All those little things that say, "This is my place. Welcome."

His apartment was nice. Not cramped, and yet not too big for one person. A simple place for one to make a home. I liked that the living room and kitchen were a combo with a white-walled partition separating them. The rectangular opening, which helped the resident to see into the living room, could have easily doubled as a bar. Bar stools should have occupied the space beneath to welcome guests, but it was empty. The kitchen was of the perfect size for a single person. It had all the standard amenities—white fridge, white range, white dishwasher, plain brown cabinet space, but it had none of the eccentricities I might have expected from someone going to culinary school. And the living room had the required number of furniture and appliances—couch, armchair, coffee and end tables, television stand and television. There was even a balcony off the end of the room separated by a sliding glass door. Cal might have sat outside on the hard plastic patio chairs with a beer if the two or three chairs he had weren't stacked one on top the other. Unused. The same went with the living room. The white walls were bare. The only thing adorning the most basic of coffee tables was the remote. No throw lay haphazardly on the couch. No books lay around for someone to read. No bookshelf. No trash. No empty beer bottles. No shoes thrown in a corner.

The place was more than spotless; it was lifeless. I was afraid to move from where I dripped soundlessly on the matt by the door for fear I might add some spunk to the place.

Walking into Cal's apartment was like walking onto a movie set that hadn't been completed. The set designer had yet to add the little things that told the viewer about the character. The apartment didn't feel lived in. It didn't feel like Cal. Hard to say what I expected. A grander living space? Sleek modern design, perhaps? A hint of color somewhere, maybe some hint of Ireland? Sadly, this place lacked every bit of the character of the man I had come to know.



Cal's sneakers squeaked over the kitchen linoleum. Plastic bags rustled as he set them on the counter. I had hoped he would begin removing the groceries from the wet bags. I wanted to see what he purchased, where he put each item away, what his organization process was, or if he even had one. Maybe he put shit randomly. I'd never seen Cal in this setting and I wanted to know the man who lived in this colorless space. I wanted to see how the man who aspired to be a chef worked in his own kitchen. Instead, he left the bags where he set them and turned back to me.

"Who lives here?" I asked.

He frowned. "I do."

"Really? When? This place looks like someone just unzipped the fifties."

"Sorry if I don't have your sense of style, Martha Stewart."

"Don't be an ass, Gordon Ramsey."

"I'm not. You're the one being an ass, Livy."

Cal slipped the hoodie from his head, removed the jacket and hung it on a coat rack behind me, but he never broke eye contact. We faced each other down like two cowboys in a western, only without the guns. Cal's only weapon was the affection on his clean-shaven face, the grey t-shirt that clung to the shape of his body, and his ginger-colored hair mussy from being stuck under the hoodie. It had grown out some since I last saw him. Short locks had begun to curl in on themselves from the dampness.

Me? I had no weapon. I was drenched and defenseless. All I had was my mouth and it wasn't ready to tell him how much the sight of him had me falling in love all over again.

"Well, if I'm being an ass, it's your fault and you deserve it."

Eyes never straying from me, he smoothed the hair away from my face, planted one small kiss on my lips and rested his forehead against mine. "You're probably right, and I won't ask your forgiveness." He didn't have to. His one move had me forgiving him without question. I wanted to say so, but his arms had gone around me before I could. "You're shivering."

"I'm wet and I'm cold, Cal. That usually does it." I lied. His touch was doing a pretty good job of making me shiver.

"God, I missed your bitchy side, too."

I couldn't help but laugh. I still wanted my answers, but for now being with him was enough. So, I didn't argue when he slid my sopping wet jacket over my shoulders and walked a few paces to toss it into the kitchen sink. Drenched and dripping though I was, Cal took my hand and led me toward the back of the apartment where only one other room remained.

"Come on. Let's get you out of these wet clothes."

"I thought you'd never ask."

He laughed. "Let's just get you warm for now."

Every home comes with a bathroom, and this particular one came before the bedroom (the place I'd rather share with him). The bedroom door was decidedly shut. I figured we weren't going in there when Cal pulled me in the direction of his bathroom. It was clean and white like the rest of the apartment; a tiny space, enough to fit a standalone sink, a toilet, and a shower, but in here I saw the first signs that he actually lived here. All the familiar scents I associated with him were here—his cologne, the clean scent of the soap he used coupled with his shampoo and conditioner. It brought back the few days we shared in the ranch apartment.

After warming the water, Cal set out a couple of towels and a washcloth for me to use. "There's soap in the shower."

"Irish Spring?"

"That shit'll dry rot your skin, remember?"

He kissed my forehead, promised to find something for me to wear, and offered coffee or tea to warm me. I elected coffee, since I'd never drunk hot tea in my life, and was standing under warm water not long after Cal closed the bathroom door. So much for thinking it was only his touch that had me shivering. The warm water reminded me how close I'd come to having my teeth chatter. I had increased the heat and steamed up the bathroom by the time Cal returned with a change of clothes.



"Just an old t-shirt of mine and a pair of gym shorts. Should fit you well enough."

"Okay."

"Need anything else?"

The only thing that could make this moment more perfect was to have him in the shower with me, scrubbing my back, but I figured it was too much to ask so soon. I'd settle for what I needed.

"Just answers."

I heard his sigh. "We'll talk when you get out. Hungry?"

After all the junk I'd eaten, the thought of food turned my stomach. "Coffee's fine."

And then Cal left me alone. I needed a quiet moment of introspection before I met him for coffee. The words of his letter kept playing over and over again in my head—his horrible experiences as a child, his belief that his only positive attribute was his ability to give sexual pleasure, and believing himself incapable of love yet falling in love with a silly meteorologist right there in his living room.

When I was a girl, fangirling and thinking I was falling in love with Leonardo DiCaprio, I used to imagine what it would be like to have him kiss me or touch me in places I had never been touched. This girl used to have some raunchy wet dreams about Mr. Pretty Boy DiCaprio, let me tell you. I'd have given anything to take Kate Winslet's place in the back seat of that old 1912 Renault Coupe de Ville (I only know what kind of car it was, because I went total Titanic historian—unofficially—after watching the film).

Over the last week, all I've had time for in between work and sleep has been thinking about Cal. I've thought a lot about his tale of watching me on television, being captured by what he saw in me. Not sure if I hold to his glowing descriptions in connection with me, but I certainly knew where he was coming from. I thought about what it must have been like for him our first night together. I put myself in his shoes. How would I have felt to touch someone I'd grown infatuated with after watching them on television? What did he feel the first time I looked into his eyes, the first time he held my hand or pressed his lips to my skin?

Every night I lay in bed trying to sleep, my mind went inevitably to our first night and the time he took with me. He was too careful as though he had been working with glass. I had taken it as par for the course, the kind of care a man in his profession would show a woman like myself. 'Be careful with Sacramento's newest and prudish weather lady or she'll come back to bite you in the legal ass, and not in a pleasurable way.'

Now, I saw his reverential gaze for what it was. I understood the worshipful touch of his hands. And there was no other way to explain the ecstasy that washed over his perfect features when he first entered me. The way he closed his eyes and reveled in the sensation. His heady sigh.

My gigolo had been in love.

I didn't know what romantic love was as a girl. Disney princess movies highly idealized my perception of the concept. Eventually, though, I grew up and made sense of my feelings for sweet Leo. It was a crush. A super-duper amazing crush, but nothing more than that. Cal, on the other hand, hadn't known any sort of love growing up. Could it be his initial "love" for me was nothing more than a crush? Sure, but one would wonder, despite the great sex and all, after getting to know the real Olivia Morton, why he didn't walk away and not give my crazy ass a wide berth long before he followed me all the way home to Iowa. But I guess when a broken man on the mend falls in love he falls hard.

I wondered where I fit into that equation. Was my love as strong?

Shower finished, I had thoroughly warmed up and was now smelling like Cal's soap and shampoo. I dried off using the towel that smelled like him and slipped into the two pieces of clothing equally drenched in his scent. A plain white t-shirt and a pair of shorts. Both fit me well enough because of the elastic waistband, but I still checked myself in the mirror. I didn't resemble a drowned rat anymore. I was a clean rat with wet, stringy hair.



What does any normal girl do when her hair is a mess and a hottie is waiting for her? She searches for a hairbrush or a comb or something. And what does she do when she can't find one? She gets curious and starts searching cabinets she shouldn't. I was going to do that anyway, though, messy hair or not. I don't know what I was hoping (or not hoping) to find, but I found Cal lacked surprise here, too. Just your basic guy stuff occupied the cabinet above the sink: shaving cream, razors, deodorant, aftershave lotion, yada yada yada. No cozy cabinet buddies with special names like Prozac or Zoloft. No cache of pain medication or dried green leaves. The worst thing in this cabinet was a package of adhesive bandages, a tube of antibiotic cream, and an over-the-counter bottle of liquid cold medicine. Oh, and a comb, which my easy-to-tangle hair struggled with.

In the end, I walked from Cal's bathroom twisting my hair into a knot. He was sitting at his utterly boring and unadorned kitchen table, absentmindedly sipping a cup of coffee when I emerged in search of my purse and a hair clip I knew I had hidden in there somewhere. I rummaged, found the hair clip, and found my phone long enough to shoot Mom a quick text. She had given me strict instructions to inform her the minute I found Cal. Seeing as how on the exact minute I found him, I'd been busy blubbering, now would have to be good enough.

In the time it took me to shower, Cal had put away his groceries (damn, I missed it), doffed his shoes and threw on a pair of shorts himself. He now rose to pour me a cup a coffee.

"You like sugar and cream, right?"

"Yep. Light on the sugar. Heavy on the cream."

A light stir and Cal was handing me a white cup you might find in a guesthouse. "Find anything interesting in there?" he asked, indicating the bathroom with a nod of his head.

I narrowed my eyes at him before taking a sip. He must have heard me digging around in his bathroom cabinet. "I was looking for something to brush my hair. Not easy with a man who keeps his hair as short as you do."

"I've decided to let it grow out."

I ran my fingers through the shorts strands on the top of his head, then down to his clean-shaven cheek. "I've noticed. What's with the new look?"

He shrugged. "New me?"

"I like it."

"Good, because this is me now. The other look was..." He looked away. "...someone else."

I took another sip and watched this uncomfortable display in which he had difficulty keeping eye contact with me. "You mean, that was Cal and this is Flynn?"

He gave me an exacerbated frown. "Fuck no."

"There's the Cal I know and love!"

He chuckled softly, shaking his head at me, but I didn't miss the way his features softened at my use of the word love. "There you go, Livy, poking and prodding again. Flynn is my middle name."

"Oh, is it? I mean, I didn't know." I suddenly didn't hate Flynn anymore. "Why didn't you just tell me that? It would have made finding you easier."

"Right. I wanted to tell you my middle name about as much as you wanted to tell me yours is Rosamund."

"Yeah, okay, I see your point. But I like Flynn."

"I like Rosamund."

His knuckles brushed my cheek, and time sort of melted away for us. Two seconds passed like two lifetimes between us, and in them, the mountain in our way didn't exist. It was just us.

And on the third second, it ended.

Cal ushered me toward the kitchen table. "Let's sit down and talk."



"Not at that stuffy table," I said and walked the few steps in the opposite direction to plunk my panty-less butt on the couch, where I then kicked my bare feet up on the coffee table. Where were my shoes and the rest of my clothes, anyway?

Cal followed me diffidently and sat beside me. "My table is not stuffy."

"Yes, it is. It's stuck in a corner and you never use it."

"What makes you think I don't use it?"

"Because, it's like everything else in this place. No wear and tear, like you just moved in. How long have you been living here?"

Cal sat back on the couch and rested his head. He looked like a man who had been caught red-handed at something illegal and had resigned himself to his punishment. "For about the same time you've been working at the station. Maybe I just never got around to unpacking."

"Why?"

"I told you, Livy." He sipped his coffee and looked at me. "I'm always on the move."

"Don't you think it's time you settled?"

I said this after placing my hand on his knee. Cal looked at my hand for a long while before he spoke, and when he did, he'd placed his hand over mine.

"I'm working on it."

My phone dinged with a text message. Reluctantly, I removed my hand from within the warmth of Cal's and reached for my phone. It was Mom.

Oh baby, I'm so happy for you. How is he? Is he okay? Tell him I said hello.

Oh baby, I'm so happy for you. How is he? Is he okay? Tell him I said hello. "Mom says hey."

A wistful smile crossed his face at the mention of Mom. He didn't give me anything to say in return. His smile was all I needed. I texted Mom back. Cal says he misses you.

Cal says he misses you. "How is your mother?"

"Not nearly as pissed off at you as I am."

Cal sighed again. "Jeez, Livy. Give me a chance to explain before you hit me over the head."

"I'm not—" My phone dinged again. This time I was the one sighing.

"What?"

I showed him my phone.

Be nice to him, Olivia. I know you've been angry about the way things turned out, but don't you dare take it out on him. Give him a chance to tell you his side before you show him your attitude.

Be nice to him, Olivia. I know you've been angry about the way things turned out, but don't you dare take it out on him. Give him a chance to tell you his side before you show him your attitude. He laughed and I swatted him. "Oh, shut up."

Mom had been my only confessor the past week. I gave her a day by day recounting of every step of my search. She knew my frustrations. She knew the moment I was close to my breaking point and she knew when I'd passed it. Her gentle encouragement was what kept me from throwing in the towel, as they say.

"If it were up to Mom, we wouldn't have seen each other for weeks. She wanted me to wait at least that long to let you 'sort things out,' but I couldn't wait." I pressed the power button on my phone, tossed it on the couch beside me and curled my legs under me. "I just wish you would have..." And then I remembered Mom's admonition and shut my mouth.

"You wish I would have what?"

I tried to find a way to say it that would please both Cal and Mom's sensibilities. The Morton in me didn't know how to beat around the bush. "Why didn't you just try to contact me, Cal?" He turned away from me then, but I didn't stop. "You have my phone number. You know where I live. I've been going crazy trying to find you since I came back. A simple phone call the first night you saw me on television could have fixed everything."



"I haven't seen you on television. I haven't been watching."

He wouldn't look at me when he said that. His gaze remained fixed on the ceiling, and I saw regret in it because he knew it was going to hurt. It did nothing to stop the sting of tears, though.

I huffed. "So, I guess I wasted my time trying to reach out to you."

"No," he said apologetically. "I heard about it."

The watch. He meant me wearing the watch on air. He didn't seem as concerned about it as he had been before and he didn't ask for it back.

"From who?"

"Doesn't matter."

"It matters to me, dammit. I'm the one who had to worry you didn't want anything to do with me."

That pulled his attention back to me. "Did you even read my letter at all?"

I gave him a shove. "Yes, I read your damn letter."

His letter was the most precious thing in the world to me. I had it picked up in a safe place so as to never lose it. I plan to keep it until my dying day. So, why couldn't I tell him that? Why couldn't I tell him I'd read it a million times?

"Then you know that's not true. You're all I want, Livy."

When I didn't know how to respond in any other way than to look down at my fidgeting fingers, Cal set his cup aside and rubbed his face with both hands. He started to speak a number of times, but each thought he struck with a mental hammer before he would let it tumble from his mouth.

I gave up hoping he would speak. "Just say it."

He began by resting his elbows on his knees, looking at the floor between his bare feet. "The truth is I avoided every reminder of you because I couldn't have faced the rejection if you didn't want me." I could have called the idea ludicrous had his tone of voice not already said it. "So, I got on with my life, Livy, while I waited for you. I only found out about you wearing the watch on-air a day or two ago at work. A couple of the waitresses were talking about it."

"At work?" The words were shaken from me, pulling Cal's attention back to me once again.

"I have a job at a restaurant in town."

"Oh."

That wasn't just any Oh. It was shock; the kind of reaction you have when someone says something that floors you. Cal had well and truly floored me, but I gave myself a good mental slap and blinked the tears out of my eyes.

"You got a chef job?"

God, that sounded so incredibly unintelligent of me, and Cal's tolerant chuckle proved it. "No, I'm a prep cook. I chop vegetables and prepare cuts of meat. Every once in a while I get to make a reduction or put together a salad, but I'm where I want to be. Mostly."

I was on my knees and straddling Cal's lap so fast, I almost forgot my cup of coffee. I set it down on the table and wrapped my arms around his neck. "At the risk of sounding like my mother, I'm so happy for you, Cal."

His arms went around me then and his mouth found my neck. I heard him breathing me in, and this time when he sighed, it was one of contentment. "This is where I want to be all the time," he said.

I looked down at him, into those beautiful eyes so full of love for me and I realized I didn't deserve him. Cal needed someone who didn't question his every motive or react with shock when he attempted to make a better life for himself.

"How long had you been wearing it?" he asked.

"Every day on-air since I came back. I wanted you to know I was trying to find you."



Cal closed his eyes and dropped his head onto my chest. "I'm so sorry. I should have thought better of you."

I made him look back up at me. "What would make you think I don't want you?"

"Because I'm not perfect, Livy."

"I know you're not."

"I have my unpleasant moments."

"We all do."

"That's not what I mean. I'm trying to tell you that I'm not what you need."

"That's not true," I said, bringing my hands down on his shoulders. "Don't say that."

"It is true. You need someone you can trust, Livy."

"I do trust you!"

"No, you're not listening..."

The hint of frustration in him shut me up quick, but he didn't continue right away. He feared to say what he needed me to hear. Maybe he feared it would overwhelm me. Maybe he feared it would overwhelm him. He needed to know I was there for him, that I was willing to hear his side.

"I'm sorry. Go ahead. You can tell me anything, Cal."

He sat forward with me in his arms, but he wouldn't raise his eyes to meet mine, and his cheeks colored. I felt the heat from them. "You need someone who'll be there for you when you need them, not the other way around. I'm not as strong as I should be, as I want to be for you. When I was working, I could control it. I could pretend I was this worldly wise and sophisticated man who knew what he wanted.

"It's not so easy now. I do know what I want, but I find it more difficult to attain. You're right. I don't spend much time here. I try not to anyway. Too little to do here. Too much time to think. About the past, about how I slept better than I ever had in my life those two nights with you, and about how I might never see you again. It's not that I didn't want to go to you. God, I wanted to call you so many times, Livy, but I honestly didn't have the fucking balls to do it. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to cause you any heartache. I just thought that if what I saw in you was real in any way, you would find me."

Cal took a very long, deep breath and exhaled. "I suffer from a very mild form of post-traumatic stress disorder. That's the name my doctor gives it," he added quickly when he saw the frown on my face. I regretted it the second I did it. "I struggle to even give it a label. It belongs to people who've gone through life or death experiences, not me. I don't have night terrors or go on violent rampages when confronted with memories of my past. I simply have moments of high anxiety, and from that, insomnia." He drooped his shoulders apologetically. "And long bouts of depression..."

I didn't know what to say. I was never good at that kind of thing. It's like trying to come up with a comforting word when someone tells you a family member died. You don't know what to say and anything you do say never seems to be enough. "I'm sorry" and "Is there anything I can do?" ends up sounding tactless and stupid.

I handled it the only way I knew how. You got it! I made a joke out of it.

"So, you're saying you're crazy."

I thought Cal might get angry with me. I thought he'd shake me; tell me to stop joking. Instead, he laughed. He still wouldn't look me in the eye, but at least he laughed. "Yeah, I guess I am."

"Look, honey," I said, running my fingers through his hair and my hands over a face worn with cares I knew nothing about. "I know all about crazy. My whole family is crazy. Dad might have moved us up the social ladder a little with the ranch, but that doesn't mean we're not still corn-fed, countrified white trash. So, don't think you can scare me away."



I've seen beauty in nature. Awe-inspiring magenta-colored sunsets, clouds towering like mountains in the sky, white sheets of rain striking the ground like waves on the ocean, but my God, I've never seen anything more beautiful than Cal's smile. Every bit of his beautiful and broken heart was present in it, and soon his broken part prevailed and took the smile away.

"I'm not trying to scare you. I'm just being honest. You need better than me, Livy. You deserve better."

"Okay. Fine. Then, I'm going to be honest with you, too. You can't walk into my life and alter the way I think and act—"

"Livy..."

I put my fingers over his mouth. "No. It's my turn to talk, dammit, and you're going to listen to me. My life was perfectly fine before you. I had a good job, a perfectly splintered family, and I lived all alone in an apartment complex that doesn't allow pets. I was good. I had my books, my cold bottles of merlot, weather forecasts at my fingertips, and my mom on speed dial. I didn't need anything else. Then you showed up. You changed everything. You made me question whether I was perfectly fine being alone, whether my books and my career were all I really needed in life. Dammit, I keep my merlot in the pantry now because of you!

"You earned the respect of my little brother, and believe it or not, you put the first real wedge between my bestie and me because she doesn't think you're perfect enough for me. Well, that's bullshit! If it weren't for you, my mom and dad wouldn't be talking to each other again. So, don't think you have the right to tell me what I deserve. I didn't search all of Sacramento and its surrounding counties trying to find you just so you could tell me the same shit Logan did. I don't care if you're not perfect. I don't want perfect, Cal. I don't want better than you. I just want you. And if that means I have to stay up all night with you when you can't sleep, or bend over backward to lift you up when you're down, then that's what I'll do because..."

I knew what I needed to say, but seeing Cal transfixed by what I already had said made it harder than I thought it would be. Not because I wasn't feeling it, too. It glistened in my eyes, encompassed every expression and caress of my hands upon his skin. But because it terrified me. Cal had already confessed it, in more ways than one. In that regard, he had more strength than I did. For me to confess it meant letting go of that which I'd stood sentinel over for many years—my heart.

"...because I love you, and I want to make a life with you, too."

When I dropped the shield from around my heart, when I laid it bare before him and said what I should have said weeks ago, a tear slipped from Cal's eye and his heart beat hard enough to sway him. Had anyone ever spoken those three words to him in his life with any real meaning? I hoped at some point someone had, but if not, it was my privilege to cup his face in both my hands, lean down and press my lips to his as proof of my love for him.

I kissed him as lovers did in the classic films, never deepening, never seeking his soul with the tip of my tongue. The move wasn't unexpected and yet we both shook with it. Cal's whole body shivered and his chest heaved in rapid succession, holding back his emotion. He pulled me into him with trembling arms and I held us tightly together. In those few seconds, I think he understood what I was trying to tell him. We weren't simply friends or lovers anymore, and we were long past client and professional. We had moved past all of them and became connected in a purer way. A marriage of a sort, I guess you could say, though he gave me no ring, and we spoke no vows.

My vow came with my promise to stick by him whatever might come our way. Cal's vow came when he deepened the kiss, our half-lidded eyes gazing into one another as our lips met, broke apart, and came back together with a growing heat and desire. His shaky hands found their way beneath the t-shirt I wore. Fingers like threads of warm silk slid up the center of my back and along my sides until both hands had moved to cup my breasts. Thumbs brushed gently over their most tender spot, rousing every nerve and blanketing any thought I had to what else I still needed to tell him; another kind of confession I needed to make that had nothing to do with how we felt for each other or for the love we were about to make, though it intricately involved him and whatever future we might have together.

Cal's touch did more than enflame and tremble in me. The promise of his love silenced me. I would tell him, and he would understand, but first...



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 59





I entered another world when I entered Cal's bedroom. I thought if any room in this apartment would show me who he is it would be the kitchen. Surely, there is where one would come to understand the man. But as Cal carried me over the threshold into his bedroom with my legs wrapped firmly around his slender waist, I found the space in which the man I fell in love with lived.





And it wasn't any more perfect than he was.

The bluish-grey color of thunderstorms defined the walls, gave them a kind of depth the white walls in the other rooms of the apartment could not. No art graced these walls either but the art of light. Sconces filtered a sedate spirit into the room, lighting the unmade bed in a soft white light. He carried me there, toward a bed with plain white sheets and a woolen grey blanket. One or two decorative pillows in a soft shade of dusky blue lay as cozy accents at the head of the bed. In between kisses, I saw his shoes on the floor next to a rickety wooden stool he might have bought at a thrift shop. It acted as a nightstand, holding a green plant in a white pot and nothing else. His jeans he'd draped over a folding chair next to a desk with a laptop. It wasn't open or set in a prominent position as one would if they used it often for the purpose of work. The laptop was closed, pushed to the corner of the desk. A lamp sat atop it.

A closet door stood open. As Cal's kisses traced the length of my neck, I glimpsed a nearly empty closet. The hoodie hung from a hook on the outside, but inside, there were but a few shirts and slacks hanging amidst a row of empty hangers. None of those items of clothing were black or grey. I saw blue and white dress shirts, different colored polos, blazers, a leather jacket and a lot of jeans. A good many of them still had sales tags swinging from the cuff. Someone had recently cleared his wardrobe and gone shopping. I wish I could have gone with him.

On the other side of the room was a tall chest of drawers, with one drawer flung open, and in the corner a small bookshelf. Cal laid me on his bed, jumbled sheets from the last time he lay in it bunching under my back. His kisses moved to my chest. Besides a few books and DVDs, there was one unmistakable adornment on his bookshelf. It contrasted perfectly with the color of the wall—Mom's sculpture of my child's arm, the hand held out as if to be held. I remembered the way he touched that hand, one thumb resting in its palm, a sense of wonder in his eyes.

Cal came back up to me, kissing behind my ear, nipping at the lobe, bringing my arms up to trace their length and rest his thumbs in the palms of my adult hands. "I wanted something to remember you by."

"You have me," I breathed into his mouth and swam in the pools of his eyes. "You don't need anything else."

Cal's mouth found mine and we drank deeply of each other. Our need wasn't going to be sated in the mere pressing of lips or dancing of tongues, our vow not consummated on words alone. Except for three. He pulled away just long enough to brush the strands of hair from my face and looked into my eyes.

"I love you, Livy."

It both killed me and brought me to life to hear him say those three words again. They weren't so silly now. They were as beautiful as his smile, and as tormented as his soul. I wanted to cleanse the torment from him, to heal him with the same three words.

"I love you, Cal."

I knew what he was thinking. I could see it in those blue pools. She's mine. I was thinking it too. He's mine. We belong together and no one else could possibly come close to fulfilling what we had in each other. Therein lay our perfection. We were perfect as long as we were one.

Our lips played a game of tag, tongues teasing while his hands found the edges of the t-shirt and lifted it above my head. It fell somewhere behind me onto the floor. Hands like gentle weights pressed down on my raised arms, intent on their desire to become one with every part of me and his kiss was the promise that he would. They made their insistent way down my arms and onto my breasts, kneading and gently pinching until his lips met where his hands played. He savored each hard pebble, licking, sucking, nipping with those impeccable teeth until I was groaning and writhing beneath him.



He came back up so quickly and kissed my lips, that for a second, I wondered if he'd grown paranoid about nosy neighbors listening through thin walls, but just as quickly, he moved away and pressed his lips to the space between my breasts. Oh, but he didn't stop there. His mouth moved down to my navel. My breath quickened. The tip of his tongue pulled a gasp from me. Even as he lingered there, heightening the sensation, drawing the stab of pain that was inevitably working its way down to my center, I knew exactly where he was going. His fingers digging into the gym shorts was my proof.

He pulled them low, exposing that sensitive place on my lower belly where his lips grazed. My pulse pounded there. I was terrified and breathlessly exhilarated at the thought of him exploring that part of me. No one ever had. I'd yet to give that permission to any man. But we both knew I would give it to Cal. He had no need to ask. Permission came when I helped him scoot the hem of his shorts out from under me.

When the time came, he didn't have to coax my legs apart. I wanted his mouth down there like I'd never wanted anything else, but by now, you know Cal as well as I do. He never rushed things. He took his time. My body was his temple and he worshipped it.

Pillows from the head of the bed went under my back and buttocks, elevating me, bringing me to him. I tried to regulate my breathing, but when he brought my legs up over his shoulders and his mouth found my inner thigh, I couldn't help but let loose a soft cry. Spread eagle before him, the most intimate part of my body exposed to his sight, his breath touched me. It wasn't an exhalation, but a deliberate breath onto already sensitive skin. I shivered, my body ready for whatever he wanted to give me. Once his mouth found those outer folds and carefully worked his way inward, I forgot everything. Self-consciousness. Embarrassment. How to breathe in. How to breathe out. How to move. How to cry. How not to cry. I was a whirlwind of emotions and sensations brought out by Cal's gentle and exquisitely tender ministrations. Each and every minute of it was a kind of beautiful agony. One hand in his hair, pulling him closer when I wanted more, or pushing him away when it became too much; and the other hand I had entwined with his. We held each other at the wrist, reveling in the magnificence of each other's wild pulse.

When I came, I came crying. Not vocally. These were real tears. They slipped down the sides of my face, into my hair, pooling in my ears. Cal could have had his way with me then if he wanted. I was spent, gloriously so. My body could hardly take more, but he wasn't done caring for his temple. The pillows he tossed away, except for the one he put behind my head. His shirt he removed, wiping his mouth with it before he tossed it to the floor. With an eager light in his eyes, he then found other uses for his mouth and his tongue, cleansing himself of me in a way before he brought his mouth back to mine. He let me tell him when I was ready. He let me seek out his lips when I needed him, and in that way, we came together again.

Exhausted though I was, I was quick to release the button and zipper of his shorts, eager to give him the pleasure he had given me, but Cal caught my wrists, slowed me.

"What?" I asked breathlessly.

He shook his head. Where had his voice gone?

"Why not?"

He breathed. "Just you."

"Don't you want me?"

"Fuck yes, I want you."

I kissed him. "Then take me."

"I don't have any condoms, Livy. The last ones I had we used in Iowa. I'm sorry."

"You only had two with you the whole time?"

He looked away sheepishly. "I didn't expect to use them at all."

"Oh, you silly, stupid man."

"If I'd known you were going to be here..."

I touched his face. "You knew I was coming, Cal."

"Maybe." He dropped his gaze. "I thought you might find me eventually," he said once he had the nerve to look back up at me. "But I never thought you'd find me so soon."

There was something so damn sexy in his reticence. The little boy, who didn't believe anyone could love him, continued to live inside the man who had wrought such ecstasy out of me. His timid love always worked to pull at my heartstrings, and turn me on.

I pressed my mouth to his, not giving a shit that my lips were swollen and red or that my thigh muscles were aching and quivering. I wrapped one leg around his hip and plunged my hand down the front of his shorts. My dominant side showing itself again. Cal jolted when I took hold of him as though struck with an electric current. He was already as hard as a rock, and when I stroked his underside with a firm thumb, he quaked and groaned into my mouth.

Too long a time had passed since we last came together the morning after my birthday party. It seemed like ages had passed since I sealed the contract between us to "just be" and Cal signed the dotted line with a thrust and an exhalation. The same wild desire I had the last time we were together came over me—to have Cal inside me unsheathed and unprotected, nothing between us but skin and nerve endings—and its lure had me like prey in its claws. I was caving.

My rational side screamed somewhere on the other side of my thick and nebulous mental glass wall. The palms of her hands struck relentlessly upon its surface and she shouted something about giving him a hand job. But my romantic, impulsive side was whispering, and her voice was louder. Her voice drowned out the irrational curmudgeon.

She whispered, Cal loves you, Livy. He needs to know that you trust him, that you're not afraid of his past, that taking him inside you this way means you'll never abandon him. It means forever.

Cal loves you, Livy. He needs to know that you trust him, that you're not afraid of his past, that taking him inside you this way means you'll never abandon him. It means forever. In that moment, I didn't fear the implications of forever. I didn't worry about my confession or our future. I didn't linger over what Cal's past had done to alter the man he could have been. I was only worried about the man he had become, the one that needed to be loved more than he needed anything else. Rational side be damned.

It voiced itself, though, in one last-ditch effort to stop me. "Oh shit," it said aloud, and I countered with an "I don't care" and pushed myself onto Cal's erection.

"Fuck," he rasped.

I guided him inside me, and God, it felt so right, so good to have him this close. My rational side could go to hell.

"Baby, are you sure?"

I looked into his heavy-lidded blue eyes and said, "Shut up and make love to me, Cal."

He moved over me. "Yes, ma'am."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 60





I've never taken an LSD trip before. Hell, I've never taken any drug-educed trip in my life as long as you don't count that time to the dentist when I had my wisdom teeth pulled. But OMG, dear reader. Cal took me to another plane of existence. In that world, there was color and light and the transcendent sounds of love. No air. Only breath and the glorious heat of two bodies coming together.





The world came back into focus a few minutes later. Air drew into my lungs sweet and cold. The scintillating tang of sweat and sex filled my nostrils. Cal's head rested in the crook of my neck as the rest of his weight came to rest upon me, our hands clasped above our heads. He didn't move away as quickly as he had the last time, once he too had finally regained the ability to breathe. There was no need for him to make a quick trip to the bathroom and deal with a used condom. He remained inside me, my legs still wrapped around his hips, while we both took in the decision we made in the heat of passion.

I would have been content to let him lay there atop me, inside me, for however long he needed, but my body had taken enough punishment for one night. I was tired and I ached from head to toe, and unfortunately, my ignoring my rational side made me wonder whether we had exactly settled much between us.

I released my grip on his hands and shifted uncomfortably. Cal caught my drift. He slid off and out of me with a sigh that was a strange blend of contentment and disconcertedness. I thought he might get out of bed and tidy up his messy bedroom; anything to keep his mind off the decision that unsettled him. Instead, he took my hand and kissed the back of it.

"Are you okay?" he asked, his mouth moving against my skin before he pressed his lips there again. I just wanted to close my eyes, to revel in his closeness and forget about everything else, but I could feel his eyes on me. A second later, his hand found my chin and made me look at him.

"Hey," he said.

"I'm okay."

"Sure?"

"Yeah." He kissed me. "Ow. My lips hurt."

"Mine, too, but I can't stop kissing you."

And he went at it again. His lips were soft and welcoming through the pain, just as the rest of him had been. For a few moments after, we just stared at each other, both of us baffled by our decision, surprised at our audacity, and amazed to even be with each other again.

One corner of Cal's mouth went up and then promptly went back down. It was as if he didn't know whether to be happy or worried.

"I've never had unprotected sex before," he said.

"No? Never?"

"Never."

That made me smile, though I was in the same state as Cal. Not sure if I should be happy or worried. "I just popped your cherry."

He laughed. "Yeah, you did. What about you?"

"With Dean, yeah, but then I was on the pill."

He cringed at the mere thought of me having sex with Dean. "Are you on the pill now?"

"I've had no reason to be."

"That wasn't a very good move on our part, was it?"

"Depends. Are you clean?"

Cal frowned. "Yes, I'm clean. You know that's not what I mean."

"I'm sorry," I said, turning on my side to snuggle next to him. "I was just—"

"Joking, I know. Should we have had unprotected sex?"

"I don't know." Involuntarily, my hand found its way to his face. I traced those contours I'd come to love and ran my fingers through his soft ginger hair, wondering what he would look like once it grew out. Would those short locks that had begun to curl when wet curl into natural waves when they were longer? I hoped so because... "It felt right."



His nose brushed mine. "What about now? Does it still feel right?"

"Yes," I said, the S trailing as I followed up with, "...and no. Does it matter? The deed is done."

"It is, but it also begs the question..."

"Where do we go from here?"

Cal nodded.

I traced his collarbone, not looking him in the eye. Time for my confession. "That's one of the things I wanted to talk to you about. With everything that's happened since we met—bringing you home to my family, and dealing with that skank's interference—"

"Which you handled nicely from what I've heard."

I thanked him with a smile that petered out a few seconds later because of what I needed to tell him. So, I stalled.

"Michelle told you?"

He frowned.

"I mean Arnica."

The look on his face told me he hadn't known her real name and he was surprised that I knew. "Yeah, but I haven't heard from her since I got back. She won't return my calls. I hope I didn't offend her in some way."

I didn't tell him why. Maybe one day, but I hated the thought of altering what she meant to him.

Cal shrugged. "But it's good, I guess. It means everything about that part of my life is over and done with. It means we can move forward." This time I was the one with the anxiety. I squirmed against him, avoided the intensity of his gaze, and Cal took it the wrong way. "I'm sorry, babe. I interrupted you. What did you want to tell me?"

There was no careful way to say it. I looked him in square in the face and made my confession with all the honesty I had in me. "I'm homesick, Cal. I don't want to live in California anymore. I need to be with my family. I want to go home."

I said the last with tears in my eyes and a croaking voice, not because of being homesick, but because the last shred of contentment bled from Cal's face. I was watching his hope that there was a chance for us fade like the last sliver of light at the end of the day. That wasn't what I was hoping to see and I didn't know how to mend it.

"I'm sorry."

He dropped his eyes and nodded, just barely. "When?"

I shrugged. "I haven't told anyone yet, but I applied for a job at the National Weather Service in Johnston, right outside of Des Moines. I did a phone interview the other day and they want to hire me. It's an intern job, but I'll be learning so much and I'll be out in the field, not stuck behind a desk staring at radar readings all day. I'll get to help forecast the weather in real time. This is the chance of a lifetime for me. Do you understand?"

"Of course, I do, Livy. It's wonderful news," he said, but I knew it wasn't. "I'm happy for you."

"No, you're not."

"Yes, I am." He said it a little forcefully, a little too angrily for me to believe it, but he went on. "It's what you've always wanted. I know that without you having to tell me. Standing in front of a green screen is not entirely you. You want to be in the thick of it, and there you can be."

"It's not just about that. I can be closer to my family. Mom and Dad are fragile right now. They need me there. I'll be an hour away. I can be there every weekend. I can help nurture them back to where they were before all this shit happened." I rubbed his chest and his neck up to his cheeks. "I mean Linda. You know that."

Cal rested his forehead on mine. I couldn't see his face, but I could feel the hurt in his heart and in the touch of his hands. "I am happy for you, Livy. I want more than anything in this world for you to be happy."



I kissed him until my sore lips were sorer. "Come with me, Cal. We can get an apartment together and I know you can find a job in Des Moines. There's always restaurants looking for help—"

"I just hired on at this place, Livy. It's part of my schooling. It goes toward my grade."

I huffed at the setback. It was an unintended brick wall in the sales pitch I'd been working on since I got the job. I knew I would have to sell Cal on the idea of coming back to Iowa with me, so set in his ways as he was. But I didn't think it was going to be this hard, not for a man who claimed he was always on the move.

"I know that," I said, even though I didn't and didn't really care. "There are schools in Des Moines, too. I looked into them already. There are really good ones that come with great credentials. I'm sure you could easily transfer from one school to another. Besides, you'd fit in so well there and we wouldn't be far from home."

"Livy..."

"No, listen to me. I've thought this all out—"

"You didn't think it out well enough. I graduate in December. I'll love you 'til the day I die, Livy, but I'm not going anywhere. Not yet. I told you, I'm working on settling and I can't do that if I start moving again. Do you understand?"

you I can't rightly explain to you the level of pissoffedness (and yes, I know that is not a word) I had reached. An ungodly combination of terror and love and anger came together like a pressure cooker, and if I didn't get away, I was going to explode. I pushed away from him and catapulted myself out of his bed.

"Where are my clothes?"

"Livy, come back. What are you doing?"

"I'm leaving. What does it look like?"

I wasn't even thinking about how ridiculous I looked prancing about in his bedroom in the nude searching for the shirt and gym shorts he gave me earlier. My hair clip had gone flying across the room at some point. I couldn't even find that. What the hell?

"Where are my goddamn clothes, Cal?"

Did he have some magical apartment in which he hid the personal belongings of every woman he brought in here?

As soon as I thought it, I hated myself for it. I saw him there lying on the bed he slept in alone every night and knew I was the only woman who had ever set foot in his bedroom. I knew better than to think anyone had shared his bed but Cal alone. Being with him, or at least trying to, was going to be a struggle. Mom said so. Shit, even Lawrence of Arabia said so.

Lawrence of Arabia "They're in the dryer," he said, pulled the sheets up over him and lay on his back. "Hall closet. By the bathroom."

What was I doing, but making it more of a struggle? As soon as I gave it up, I saw the t-shirt rumpled on the floor and the gym shorts at the end of the bed. My hair clip somehow or another had found its way onto the bookshelf beside Mom's sculpture. It took a minute or two, but I realized I didn't want them or my wet clothes. Without Cal beside me, the room had gone cold. I shivered, and not in a good way. I went back to bed and snuck contritely under the sheets beside him, my head on his chest, my arm around him.

"I'm sorry."

Cal didn't show his ire with me by letting me stew. His arm went about me instantly and he kissed my brow. "It's okay." When was I ever going to learn to be as forgiving as him?

I buried my face in his neck because I knew it wasn't okay and tried with all my might not to cry. I was so done with it. The last week saw me crying at the drop of a hat, and I did once. It wasn't a hat, but a glass in the kitchen. Accidentally swiped it with my arm on my way to the living room and CRASH! I balled like a baby for about ten minutes, and here I was doing it again. I couldn't hold back, and again, Cal, the most wonderful man in the world, turned over and caught me up in both his arms. He was the one who suffered from depression and anxiety, and here I was making him comfort me!

"I'm so selfish," I mumbled. He didn't disagree with me and I was glad for it. "I searched for so long because I missed you. I came all this way to find you because I want you to come home with me, and I never once thought about what you wanted. I never did. I never think about what you want, Cal. How could you want someone like me?"

He kissed my temple, and there was amusement in his voice. "Because you are so selfish."

I looked up at him, tears falling over the bridge of my nose, lips and eyes swollen like I'd gone a round with a prizefighter. He kissed me anyway and wiped the tears from eyes. The man was certifiable.

"I fell in love with you for you, Livy, not for any made up ideal I had of you. I fell in love with all your imperfections, because they make you the woman you are. Selfishness is just a side of who you are. It's not all you are. You have an amazing strength that I've never seen in another woman. You would protect the ones you love 'til death if you had to. I wouldn't want you any other way. Don't change for me. Go be with your family and I'll catch up with you in time."

"No. I didn't come all this way just to walk away without you."

"And I don't want you to. We'll find a way to make it work."

"I don't want to wait for you."

"Be patient, babe. Don't give up on me. Please, wait for me."

It felt like the end. After everything we had been through to be together, I could see no light at the end of the tunnel. Our time was up. We both wanted different things, not from each other, but from life. Life had done a number on Cal and he needed a chance to settle the score. Life was waiting for me to get on with mine. There was so much I still wanted to do with it. That job was my opportunity to answer life's call and Cal would never forgive me if I didn't.

Yeah, the job would fill my days in Iowa and family would fill my nights at home, but I didn't know if I could truly move on without Cal, without my heart. I didn't want to move on without Cal any more than I wanted to wait for him. What I wanted was to stay right here in his arms for the rest of my life.

But there was one thing I couldn't do—make a promise I didn't know if I could keep. What I told him was the truest I could be.

"I love you, Callum, with all my heart."

His arms went tighter around me and he kissed me one last time. "I love you, too, Olivia."

We were quiet for some time before exhaustion took us and sleep claimed us. Our love for each other was all we had left.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 61





I woke up disoriented. The temperature was wrong. The room was warmer than my body expected. The scent in the room was strangely unfamiliar for my olfactory system to process so soon after waking. And it was dark. Illumination didn't come from the place my brain thought it should. Took a second or two for the dreams to scurry back into their subconscious holes so that reality could reassert itself and throw memories of last night back into my face. As soon as I remembered where I was, last night came down upon me like a microburst.

Do you know what a microburst is? It starts with the water droplets and hailstones suspended within the upper atmosphere of a thunderstorm. That updraft is usually strong enough to keep them suspended, but if it weakens for any reason, that core of air and rain or hail plummets to the ground, sometimes with catastrophic force. Winds of up to one hundred miles an hour. That's the force of an EF-1 tornado! It can destroy homes, topple trees, and even take lives.

That'swhat it felt like to still be in Cal's bed, in a room set at Cal's temperature, with his scent filling my nose. I vaguely recalled him getting up during the night, remembering his problem with insomnia. I had wondered if he was having trouble sleeping, but not for long. When I say vaguely recalled, I mean I awoke when he moved to get out of bed, but that's all I remember. We'd gone to sleep with most of the lights in his apartment on. They were off now. The woolen blanket was pulled up over us. It was dark in his bedroom save for a soft light coming from somewhere at the front of the apartment.

I was in his arms, listening to the sound of him lightly snoring with one ear and his heart beat with the other. That was all I knew. That was all I wanted to know. We'd said our goodbyes last night. I could think of it no other way. It was goodbye. We were both going in different directions. Even as I fell asleep in the warmth of Cal's arms, I knew at some point in the morning, I would have to slip out of them and leave him behind.

The clock on the wall, lit by a dim soft light, said the time was just five after three in the morning. Thank God, I had an internal alarm clock or I'd be late for work. At my apartment, I'd have time to get up, get myself reasonably presentable before heading in and letting the makeup and hair department work their wonders at four in the morning just so that I could be on for five. This morning, I would use that time just getting to work in Sacramento's morning commuter's hell and probably get to work late anyway. I was going to look like shit on camera this morning and there was nothing for it.

Lying in Cal's arms, I realized I didn't really care. I didn't want to leave him. I wanted to spend the day with him, trying to convince him, trying to work something out with him. I didn't want this to be the end. My body cried out to pull him closer, to kiss him awake and make love to him again, so that he knew, so that he would never forget, but I couldn't bring myself to wake him. He'd said the best he ever slept was in my arms, and if he hadn't slept well since he came back to California, I didn't want him to lose one second of the rest he was getting now.

Sounds selfless, right? Yeah...no, it wasn't. I didn't want to wake him because I didn't want him asking me where I was going. Sure, I could have told him I had to go to work, kissed him goodbye and asked him to call me or meet me for lunch so that we could talk more. But what would it accomplish? We'd made our choices. Cal needed to fix himself and I needed to fix my family.

Call me all sorts of horrible names if you want to. I didn't want him to see me leave. It was bad enough knowing he would wake up alone. That would hurt him in a million and one ways. Why prolong the pain?

I kissed his chest and felt the beauty of his heartbeat beneath my lips, but he didn't stir. His breathing never faltered. With a prayer that his dreams remained peaceful, I slipped from the bed. I tried to ignore his soft intake of breath and went in search of my things.

I thought this would be the hard part. I thought I would have to stealth about his apartment in search of the dryer, only to struggle with opening it as quietly as possible at three o'clock in the morning just so that I could get dressed and sneak out like a runaway teen.

When I slipped into the bathroom and flipped the light switch—and after adjusting my sight from complete darkness to bright blinding light—I saw my clothes lying neatly folded on a closed laundry basket. My jacket hung from a hook on the bathroom door and my ugly knock-around shoes were on the floor beside the basket. Cal apparently did more than turn out the lights before he went to bed. That wasn't the worst part. There was a note atop my folded bra. It read:

It's okay, Livy.

It's okay, Livy. Just because we found each other at the wrong time doesn't mean we won't find each other again. Take care of your family.

Just because we found each other at the wrong time doesn't mean we won't find each other again. Take care of your family. I prepped the coffee maker for you, and I left the door unalarmed.

I prepped the coffee maker for you, and I left the door unalarmed. Just lock it on your way out. I love you.

Just lock it on your way out. I love you. Cal.

Cal. The first tear fell with a splat right across those three words and then they came in a torrent. What it took out of me to keep them at bay was as useless as trying to breathe, which came in ugly ragged hitches. My chest ached. My nose ran. My head hurt. And all because Cal knew me better than I knew myself.

I pulled myself together, wiped my nose, sniffed back my tears even as they fell, and got dressed. A terrible knowledge that, as I tiptoed about his apartment—quietly running water to wash my face and smooth my sleep-crazy hair, carefully turning lights on and off, closing doors—Cal lay awake in his bedroom listening to my every move, my silent crying, my hitching breaths, my sniffling. He wasn't chasing me down. He didn't beat me over the head with a guilt trip in his note. He was letting me leave, giving me my space, and a part of me wanted to punch him for it.

It's probably why I didn't touch his coffee. I didn't want to imagine him lying in bed while I took advantage of his goodness. Instead, I took his note and turned it upside down on his kitchen counter. With a pen I scrounged out of my purse, I wrote...

There was nothing wrong about the time we found each other, Cal. Just the circumstances.

There was nothing wrong about the time we found each other, Cal. Just the circumstances. You think this is what should be because you're broken, because no one loved you, because you never knew the love of your mother and your father cared for the dirt on the bottom of his shoes better than he cared for you.

You think this is what should be because you're broken, because no one loved you, because you never knew the love of your mother and your father cared for the dirt on the bottom of his shoes better than he cared for you. Well, you're wrong!

Well, you're wrong! You may be broken, but you're still the most beautiful person I've ever known.

You may be broken, but you're still the most beautiful person I've ever known. I LOVE YOU! ME! You ARE my family...

I LOVE YOU! ME! You ARE my family... I ME! The tears were coming again. My hand was shaking too much to write anymore. I left it at that, an ugly slash of ink embedding itself across the page when I tossed the pen on the counter. I forgot the pen was my own. I fled back out into rain that had turned to a light drizzle since the last drenching downpour. It no longer had the power to wash away my hot, salty river of tears. Rain had no power over the heart and I had foolishly given mine away.

I got behind the wheel of my car and headed out into the early morning hoping to outrun the hurt, and the sound of Cal's voice in my ear: "Please, wait for me."

"Please, wait for me."

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 62





"BREAKING NEWS from your number one news source: Olivia Morton, one of KCAB's newest Weather Specialists, arrived at the station this morning in an allegedly disheveled state, which included red-rimmed eyes, a blotchy face, and hair in such a tousled condition, it had been knotted and held in place by a dull pencil with a stubby eraser. According to popular opinion, this can be caused by a late night of debauchery and drunkenness, or sadly, a broken heart. More on this breaking news as we attempt to weasel the truth out of her."

That might not be an actual KCAB breaking news statement, but you wouldn't think so judging by the buzz going around the station once I stood in front a camera. Damn Liselle!

As soon as I slipped into the makeup chair, she was on me like white on rice. "Oh my God, Olivia. Is everything okay?"

"Everything's fine." The standard lie. She knew better. I knew better. Hell, the world knew better, but that was my story and I was sticking to it even if I was still batting away tears.

"Did something happen?"

"Could you please just do what you can to make me look presentable? I go on air in an hour."

Maybe giving her an attitude instead of accepting her offer of comfort was my mistake, because I asked her, I practically begged her, to keep my appearance to herself. I should have known. Even as she applied a cold compress to reduce the swelling and redness, and swept my hair into a nice little updo that worked better than my pencil, I was sure I heard her tapping away a text on her phone behind me. Damn woman couldn't keep her mouth shut if someone cut her tongue out.

An hour later, and a generous slathering of makeup to boot, I didn't look so bad, but the word had already gone out to everyone working at this ungodly hour, Livy came in looking like a bloated tomato and now she's in a mood. Watch out!

You couldn't tell that to the news director. Anderson wanted a word with me as soon as he saw me. I brushed him off as congenially as I could without raising suspicion and practically ran to the newsroom. I was in front of a camera five minutes later, trying to dull the next NEWS FLASH ticker taping its way across my brain: "This just in...Olivia Morton isn't just a disheveled mess this morning. She also had unprotected sex the night before. At this very moment, the sperm of one Callum Kearney (who, incidentally, hails from Ireland) are wiggling their way up into her uterus. An intrepid few have made it as far the right fallopian tube in desperate search of a mature egg. The question remains whether or not Morton has recently ovulated..."

Hadn't I read something that sperm can live up to five days in a woman's body? The thought had me walking funny all the way to the green screen. I could almost feel the little suckers vying for dominance in me!

"Should we have had unprotected sex?"

The answer was NO!

I did the five am weather schtick that wasn't really forecasting at all, just me reading from a teleprompter with half a smile on my face, and a forced one at that. Thanks to the new late-night weather guy (Matt, I believe is his name), all the work had been done for me. I haven't exactly been my usual enterprising self since I came back, so he offered to help. (I think he might like me. Boy, was he barking up the wrong tree. With all the millions of sperm currently taking up residence in my uterus, he didn't have a chance in hell. No one else ever would.)

It wasn't like I had to work hard at the forecast anyway. The routine in the dead of summer was not to put too great a focus on the weather itself, but on what your viewers can do with the weather. Despite last night's downpour, you'll usually get only two outcomes out of a Sacramento summer—HOT and DRY—so the forecaster's job is to put on a happy face and tell the viewers to go out there and enjoy the summer. Enjoy that day at the park! Take your kids to that special event at the zoo!



However, "enjoy" was not in my vocabulary that very morning. I said what needed to be said, which was essentially, but not exactly these words: "It's going to be hot and dry again today once the sun sucks up all the rain, so deal with it." Basically, it was a metaphor for my mood now that the tears were gone.

I plodded through the newsroom the rest of the morning like a zombie. I did my skits when directed. I read the teleprompter as if it were the most boring book in the world. I avoided every good-morning and every hello I could, and those I couldn't avoid I ignored. I buzzed around the newsroom, interfering in everyone's work simply to keep busy so I wouldn't think about Cal lying in bed alone, or reading my note, or hoping he would call me and tell me he had changed his mind.

Enemies and hurt feelings were what I left in my wake by mid-morning, and yet the reality of what I was doing to myself and to others didn't hit me until I sat at my desk. No, there were no gag gifts sitting on or under my keyboard. I simply lost my cool with two of the most famous faces of Mystery Incorporated—Shaggy and Scooby; and like their cartoonish counterparts, they wouldn't give their wide-eyed, curious stares a rest.

"What?" I finally said after an overly exasperated sighed.

Marc, he of the curly hair and dark complexion, asked, "Are you okay?"

I never got a chance to give the standard lie that go 'round. Shaggy-bearded Ian, looking down from his station at the assignment desk, was quick to follow up with, "Cuz you don't look okay."

"I had a bad night."

True, but also a complete fabrication. It wasn't an entirely bad night. It had been beautiful in many ways. I had been with Cal and he'd made me feel all the things I didn't want to feel with anyone else. Loved. Worshipped. Pissed off. Scared.

"Did someone die?" Marc asked. An insensitive question, but not out of the realm of possibility given my mood.

"No."

"Then what's wrong?"

Both hands, tightened into fists, hit the desktop with enough force to rattle my keyboard, knock over my penholder, and draw the attention of everyone in the room.

"Nothing. Okay?"

You could have heard a paper drop in the silence that followed. Every eye in the room was on me. I felt them like mini (make that, many) heat-seeking missiles. Keyboards stopped clacking. Conversations on the phone fell silent. And in the cricket-inducing madness of it all, Ian said, "Whoa," and went back to his desk.

As badly as I didn't want to be on anyone's radar today, I showed up like a hook echo. What is a hook echo, you ask? A big, ugly, red and yellow weather radar signature that says a tornado might be on the way. I would have been that tornado too, had I not apologized and moved as swiftly as my little legs could carry me to the lounge. There, the tears threatened to gain the mastery over me once again like a couple of armed thugs, but I managed to subdue them. No, I hadn't grown an iron will or anything. The tears dried up as soon as I saw two of the most important things in the world to me right at that moment—

Coffee and donuts.

Finding a seat in the lounge and inhaling a few cups of coffee surprisingly helped to settle my stomach and calm my nerves. After one cup and a donut, I found the courage to make a second round of apologies to Marc and Ian. After two cups and another donut, I could force myself to apologize to the rest of the staff who had to deal with what I was earlier in the day. Not much later, I was stuffing several more donuts into my mouth. Not at once, mind you. Those sugary beauties went into my mouth one bite at a time and I savored every sweet calorie. One alone was enough to swamp my daily caloric intake, and yet they melted on the tongue like cotton candy. I knew I shouldn't, but...



Fifth one down the hatch.

My fingers played over the open box of mixed glazed, chocolate-covered, jelly-filled, sprinkled, and strawberry, musing over a sixth. Over my rational side's stringent mental protests, I dove for chocolate. My fingers were like milliseconds from seizing hold of its chocolaty goodness, when a thought occurred to me, Do crazy food cravings begin at conception? I drew my hand back so fast you'd swear there was a snake in the box.

Do crazy food cravings begin at conception? But then you know what happens, right? The second a crazy thought enters your head you start rationalizing it away. While I made sure no one had witnessed my ridiculous reaction, I told myself, Don't be silly! You always eat junk when your emotions are high . But the more I thought about it, the worse it got, to the point of searching my question online.

Don't be silly! You always eat junk when your emotions are high I wasn't the sort of woman who marked her monthlies on the calendar in preparation for when Mother Nature came calling. Didn't mean I wasn't prepared. I always had tampons and light-day pads hiding somewhere in my purse, and for as far back as I can remember, I've had a kind of mental alarm clock for that time of the month. You sense it in the change of mood, tenderness in the boobs, aches and pains. With the craziness taking place in my life, I never paid my mental alarm clock any attention when it sounded.

"Oh shit," I said aloud, but inside I thought, I'm not just an emotional wreck because of Cal. I'm deep in the pit of a demon called premenstrual syndrome. I could be days away from the start of my period.

I'm not just an emotional wreck because of Cal. I'm deep in the pit of a demon called premenstrual syndrome. I could be days away from the start of my period. My forehead landed on the tabletop with a bonk. I wanted another donut, but all I could see was an image of my poor little egg trying desperately to make it to the safety of my uterine wall while being bombarded by millions of little guys doing their level best to penetrate her outer layers. Poor thing. She was like a lone woman who made the mistake of walking into a bar full of horny guys with the worst one-liners and now she can't find the way out.

"Oh, God."

That wasn't me, by the way, though I was surely thinking it. I looked up to see Rosalyn wearing jeans and a low cut shirt that looked as if it had been painted on. "The last time I walked in here and saw you like this, girl, you were blaming your whole world of troubles on me."

"It was kinda your fault."

"I know I ain't got nothing to do with it this time." She pointed at me. "You've got donut all 'round your mouth."

A napkin wasn't too far away. I snatched it up, not making eye contact as I wiped glaze from my mouth. "What are you doing here anyway? You're supposed to be off."

"I was supposed to be off," Rosalyn said as she took the chair across from me. "But I kept getting all kinds of crazy text messages telling me you done lost your mind again. What is wrong with you?"

"Nothing," I told her as stringently as I told Marc and Ian, though without slamming my fists onto the table.

She peered into the donut box, saw what was left. "I'd say it's more than nothing."

"I didn't eat all of those."

"Mmm-hmm, sure. You tell me what happened last night and I'll tell you how many you ate."

"What are you talking about? What do you know about last night?"

"Susan called me."

"Son of a bitch," I mumbled and dropped my face into both my hands. "I wish I had never introduced my mom to you. What did she tell you?"

"I know enough to know that if things between you and him went well last night, you wouldn't be moping around here getting on everybody's nerves and acting like your world is about to end. You know, for a woman who thinks she's level-headed, you sure do have a flair for the dramatic."



"I'm premenstrual, Roz. Every woman gets dramatic at that time of the month."

"Yes, they do, but most of them are good at hiding it. Now, tell me what happened."

I huffed and put my head back on the table. "I'm a selfish bitch. That's what happened."

I always have been, I guess. From wanting to be an artist like my mom and lashing out because I couldn't, to being jealous of my little brother's artistic abilities, to being pissed with Dad for years because he wouldn't jump on my bandwagon to get back with Mom as fast as I wanted him to, and being pissed at Mom for not getting over what he did to her. I never gave either of them any slack, or time, to work on their feelings. I browbeat them with what I thought they should think. And Logan? My bestie? I never looked at her beauty for what it was—HERS. I compared her long legs, her full bust, and her supermodel looks, and saw only what I lacked. Even with Dean, I couldn't see past my own heartbreak for Mom and Dad to see what I was doing to him. They split up and I let it ruin my relationship with Dean. In hindsight, losing Dean wasn't such a bad outcome, but still, I was horrible to him. I shut him out. I pushed him away, and now I was doing the same to Cal.

So, I told Rosalyn everything, minus the sex parts. I told her what we discussed, that I had found a new job close to home (which she wasn't happy to hear about), that I wanted Cal to drop everything and come with me because it's what I thought was the best outcome for both of us. I told her how I left and about the reply I gave him. Now I'm glad I said it aloud. It took hearing myself say it with my own two ears to get how insensitive I'd been. I want Cal and everything about him without question, without obstacle, and when he told me what I didn't want to hear, my response was that my career was more important than anything he did to try and better himself.

"You're at it again, you know," Rosalyn said.

"What?" I knew what she was going to say, but I wanted to make sure we were on the same page.

"Being selfish. Treating everybody like shit just cuz you're in a pissy mood."

I looked at the box of donuts calling my name. Rosalyn pushed it away.

"I know. I'm just..." I knew the word. I hesitated because I didn't want to say it. "I'm scared."

"Of what?"

"That I'll screw it up. That I'll lose everything I want."

"Oh, bullshit. Walking away from him is how you'll screw it up, girl. A job is a job, but a man like Cal only comes around once in a lifetime. You know what you need to do."

"Yeah but—"

"Yeah but what? There are no buts, just your butt and I'm about to kick it to high heaven."

I inhaled and said in one breath, "Cal and I didn't use a condom last night."

If you attempted to force every one of Rosalyn's reactions to what I said into one package, they wouldn't fit. Her jaw dropped. Her dark skin blanched. She looked away, probably so I wouldn't see the brimming rebuke in her expression. She put a hand over her mouth to do the same, then rolled her eyes to heaven in a short prayer to God. When she finally looked back at me, she had done the impossible—forced all of her reactions in one package and tossed them.

"I'm not going to say a thing, though, Lord help me, I could give you ten times the life lessons in one sentence, but I'm going to keep my thoughts to myself and tell you only this... If, and that's a big if, you happen to find yourself in the family way, would you want to be having his child with or without him?"

Rosalyn should have just hit me in the face with a bag of bricks because that's how it felt. I hadn't given that idea one thought. All I had known was how terrified I was of getting pregnant, and to be honest, I still was. I wasn't ready for the responsibility of children. Not yet. I still had so much left I wanted to do with my life. But I knew that was only another form of selfishness. I don't think I'll ever be rid of it. As Cal said, it's part of who I am, but the prospect of having a child alone seemed so daunting even with the knowledge that Mom would do whatever she could to help me. The thought of having Cal with me through the whole process, however, was a different prospect altogether. I remembered the way he held the sculpture of my little hand, the way the thought of him holding a child's hand made me shiver; and there were the silly faces he had been making with Logan's girls, how he made them laugh. Cal loved children. I could face it with him. I could do it for him. It was a big if, A REALLY BIG IF, but I could totally be okay being Cal's baby mamma.

There was a knock on the lounge door. Liselle peered in. "Olivia."

"Yeah?"

"Look, I don't know what you're going through right now, but I need to know if you're going to be able to go on for the twelve o'clock segment."

"How much time do I have?"

She looked at her watch. "You're on in thirty."

I looked at the donuts and—ugh—suddenly felt queasy. Then, I looked up at Rosalyn who waited for my response with raised eyebrows. Then, I turned to Liselle.

"Do I have time to make a phone call first? I need to fix something."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 63





After lunch, I felt human again. Not perfect, but human, and certainly not so dismal. Good old Bob the Grey was on vacay all week. He had entrusted me with his weather forecasts and I was failing him. I figured I had better suck it up and deal with my emotional problems later, and that's what I did.





I got through the rest of my shift, even staying over an hour or two when Matt was running a bit late because of car trouble, without losing my mind. Though, I was checking my phone every few hours to see if Cal had tried to call or text. Nothing. Just a few minor messages from Mom asking me to update her on what was going on with Cal, and one text from Baylor with a selfie of him and his girl at some club with a note saying, Thinking me and Dakota might come spend a week or two. You didn't really get a chance to know her. Whatcha think? Okay? Let me know.

Thinking me and Dakota might come spend a week or two. You didn't really get a chance to know her. Whatcha think? Okay? Let me know. I didn't respond. I had too much else to think about. I'd made my decision, tough as it was, and it was the only thing on my mind. I still wasn't sure how this was going to work out. I wasn't sure how I should even break it to Cal or if he'd even want to hear from me at this point. I sat in my car for a good ten minutes trying to decide between heading west back to Woodland or heading back to my apartment. I really wanted to see him. We needed to talk, but I couldn't bring myself to hit the freeway. My apartment was about five minutes away, ten in traffic, and the thought of making the trip all the way to Woodland while my gut churned in nervousness hadn't sat well with me. He could be at work or at school and I'd show up to an empty apartment again. I couldn't stomach that, so I went home. I'd have time to take a shower, eat, give my plan some thought before I approached him...or he called me.

He would call me. He had to.

I arrived at the complex and trudged up the stairs to my apartment, looking forward to washing all the day's makeup off my face, to showering, to feeling normal again. Music played somewhere. Someone had the television or a stereo on too loud or something. It was coming from somewhere upstairs. That's when I remembered I left my television on last night. Oh no. How long had my TV been blasting?

I moved a little faster, hoping my landlord didn't appear to fuss at me or hand me an eviction notice, when my brain made the connection. It wasn't the television. I was hearing a song, a very familiar song to me, by the way. One of my favorite songs. It was nearing the end and the voice singing was that of Celine Dion. Wait a minute, I hadn't been watching Titanic when I left. That song shouldn't have been playing. Celine Dion should not have been singing from inside my apartment.

Titanic I topped the stairs and for a second, I couldn't breathe. Cal was standing outside my door, cell phone in his hand, Celine Dion's voice belting from the little speakers at its base. He looked up at me just as she sang those famous lyrics: You're here. There's nothing I fear. The song came to an end while we stared at each other, me standing on the third step from the landing, and Cal resting his shoulder patiently against the wall. I couldn't move. He was like a mirage. If I walked closer, he would disappear. So, I waited for proof that he was really there and I got it in his frown.

You're here. There's nothing I fear. "Sure took you a long time to come home," he finally said, his words belying the patience his body exuded.

I took a step up. "I had to work late. What are you doing here?" I think I sounded as breathless as I actually was.

"I missed you," he said, and by the look on his face, I expected him to add, duh . He didn't, by the way. "I've been waiting here a couple of hours hoping your neighbor wouldn't phone the police on me or shoo me off the property."

duh I took another step, but too much emotion welled in me to meet his eyes. "I thought after last night, you might not want to see me for a while."

Cal rolled from his shoulder onto his back and crossed one long leg over the other. "Jeez, Livy." His phone clicked when he pressed the power button, effectively turning off the final few notes of the song. "If anyone can ruin a romantic moment, it's you. You were supposed to run into my arms and declare your love for me, come what may."



I didn't detect an ounce of resentment in him. No anger. No irritation. He was completely at ease and smiling, if somewhat skeptically.

"That's corny. You hate Titanic ," I said after taking the final step, and he laughed. "Besides, I did that last night and got soaking wet in the process."

Titanic He nodded, his smile thinning. "You did, but you never offered me a 'come what may.'"

That hurt, but I guess I deserved it. "I'm sorry, Cal. I'm sorry about the way I left. I'm sorry for—"

I was going to say I'm sorry for what I wrote, but then Cal pushed himself away from the wall and crossed the rest of the way to me. The look in his eyes was what shut me up.

"Don't apologize for anything that happened between us last night. I didn't come here for an apology."

"Then, what did you come for?"

"I came here for you, and to offer my own 'come what may,' if you'd like to hear it."

I wasn't expecting that, not after the mental exertions I'd gone through today, and the phone call I'd made. I could have stopped him right there, told him what I had thought to go all the way to Woodland to tell him, but I decided not to. I was on awkward footing with him again, even after last night. Best if I heard him out first, let him tell me his idea, before I gave him mine. Anything to keep him with me for as long as I possibly could.

"Okay."

I invited Cal into my apartment for the second time. The moment we stood before each other in my living room replayed itself in my mind—how well he'd been dressed, the way he smelled, the taut muscles in his back. He'd been so nervous. Not so today. His four fingers were stuffed into the front of a pair of black trousers, thumbs hooked out in a relaxed fashion. He wasn't wearing one of the suits I associated with his gigolo persona, but a blue button-up shirt (not buttoned) with a white tee underneath. The blue brought out his eyes. He was as gorgeous relaxed in my space as he had been hyped up on nerves. He picked up the picture of Mom and me again, and this time he smiled.

I closed the door and went straight to the kitchen. "Want something to drink? Wine, perhaps."

"As long as you don't have cold merlot."

"I told you last night that I've learned to keep a warm, unopened bottle on hand."

He chuckled. "Then, I'll have a glass."

I brought two glasses filled a fourth of the way into the living room. Cal took the couch and I took the edge of the coffee table before him as I had the night I begged him to come home with me.

"So," I said after a sip. "What's the offer?"

He took a deep breath. "This is going to sound drastic, but hear me out first."

"Okay," I said warily.

"Everything I own is packed in my car downstairs."

I've been told I have really big eyes for such a small face, and not always in the nicest of ways, but I think my eyes just about fell out of my head. "What?"

Cal held up a hand. "Don't freak out. Just listen. I didn't tell you last night was my last night in that apartment. Half my things were already packed in the car and most of it has been in storage since I moved from Los Angeles. I only had the bedroom left to pack."

"You're leaving?"

"No, my lease is up."

"But what about all those groceries you had?"

"They were for an elderly neighbor. I offered to pick a few things up for him. Would you just listen to me?"

I nodded and Cal took my free hand.



"I hadn't really decided what I was going to do, but I knew I didn't want to renew. I thought about moving closer to school, closer to you. It's a long commute four days a week. I've looked at apartments in town, but nothing really caught my attention until I saw you again. This might be a big jump, especially after all that's happened and the small amount of time we've actually spent in one another's company in comparison to how long we've known each other. But I thought, maybe, I could move in here and share the lease with you? Then, you could transfer the lease over to my name when you're ready to move back home. I know it's a bit much to take in, but at least we'd have some time together, you know, before you leave. I could help you pack when it's time and—"

I took Cal's gorgeous chin in my hand and kissed him square on the mouth. Through his whole oration, his eyes jumped from me to my glass, to his glass. He never really focused on me. He was doing it again. Same as I did with my selfish streak. He worried I would hate the idea, that I would be averse to us moving in together even after I mentioned a similar scenario for us in Des Moines.

"I have a better idea," I said.

"What's that?"

"You move in with me tonight and I'll stay here with you until you graduate in December. Then, come the New Year, we'll both move back home to Iowa together."

Cal pulled away from me. I fully expected him to. What I didn't expect to see reflected in his eyes was anger. "Livy, what did you do? Tell me you didn't turn down the job for me."

I wanted to look away this time. I had to force myself to keep eye contact with his hot gaze. "Only temporarily. I was willing to give up the job if I had to, but—"

Cal got up from the couch, exasperated. "I asked you to be patient. I told you we'd work this out together."

"And I'm doing it, Cal."

"By giving up the job you've always wanted?"

"I'm not giving it up. They still want me. I worked a deal with them so I could start at the beginning of next year." Cal had left his glass on the coffee table. I set my glass next to his while he rubbed his temples. "I thought you would be happy I'd done something selfless."

"You do selfless things all the time, Livy. Just don't do them for me. Don't give up anything for me. I can take care of myself. I've been doing it since I was a child, and it's my job now to do it for you."

I was off the coffee table and on my feet in a second. "No, it isn't. You've done for people all your life, Cal. For people who never gave a shit about you. It's time you let someone take care of you." I reached for his hand, calmed my temper. "Or at least let us take care of each other. Aren't all good relationships built on compromise?"

" Fair compromise. It's not always about giving up what you want."

Fair "I'm not. I may have to wait on the job opportunity, but I still have you."

"When I said we'd found each other at the wrong time, I didn't mean finding each other was wrong or that I have some problem with self-esteem..."

"You don't?"

He tilted his head, minutely insulted. "Maybe I do, but I'm not dumb, Livy. I know you love me. You made it so very clear last night, and I'm more than grateful to have heard it. What I meant in my note was we need to give each other time. We don't need to rush into this."

"But I want to rush into it. I've waited more than a week to be with you, Cal. Shit, I've waited my whole life. I don't want to wait anymore. If that's me being selfish, then so be it."

He sighed, rolled his eyes. "God, but you're impatient."

I shrugged sheepishly, to which Cal crossed his arms and looked down at his shoes. When he finally looked back up at me, it was with a curiously raised eyebrow and that quirky grin.



"Is this how it's going to be if we move in together?"

"Possibly," I said, twisting a heel into the carpet. "I'm a pain in the ass, so I've been told. Maybe we should rethink this."

If ever I questioned whether or not Cal wanted to be with me, once the playfulness went out of his face at my statement, at the mere prospect we might not be together after this moment, I never questioned it again. He came to me in two quick steps, pulled me to him and gently kissed my lips.

"What you wrote this morning... You're right. I let what happened in my past get in my way sometimes, but I don't see myself the way you see me. I see myself as a survivor to have endured all that I have, but maybe I am broken. If I am, I don't want to rethink this. I want you, Livy. You are what makes me whole."

am With what could I possibly follow that statement? There was nothing I could say. 'I love you' didn't even seem worthy. The only answer I could give was the welling of tears.

He nodded, accepting it. "We'll give your way a try, but not for the reason you say, that I'm your family. I'm not. That's not true, Livy. You have more than me to call family. We'll do it your way, because for me, you are the only family I've ever known and I don't want to lose you. Please say we can make this work."

you "Mmm-hmm." If I said anything else, my voice would fail me.

"Speak, Livy."

Damn man. The tears fell down my cheeks and came to rest on my dress, on his shirt, on his hands. I spoke the best I could.

"Yes. We can—"

Cal never let me finish. His mouth found mine in a kiss so full of passion, it surpassed sexual desire and held more meaning than the words 'I love you.' It was a promise that we could make a life together. I didn't know where or how we would start, but I knew it wouldn't involve one quick night of amazing sex and Cal telling me to goodbye or have a nice life at one in the morning.

This time, he swept me up in his arms and brought me back to the couch, giving me the kiss he'd always wanted to. The sweeping Gone with the Wind music had begun in my head even though I knew there wasn't going to be a happily ever after. That nonsense was for people who didn't live in reality, who weren't selfish because they were raised with too much, or who didn't have self-esteem issues because they were raised with too little. Cal and I weren't perfect, but we were perfect for each other.

Gone with the Wind

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I didn't leave Cal and he didn't disappear from my sight that night. The door didn't click shut, and I didn't have to see the shadow of his feet hovering beneath the door. Cal moved in.

His clothes were in my closet. His shoes were on the floor next to mine. His shampoo was in my shower and his underwear occupied the same drawer of the dresser as my panties. The entirety of my bedroom smelled different. It smelled like Cal.

Tomorrow we would talk to the landlord and get Cal added to the lease, and my next day off we would make the trip out to Woodland to get the rest of his things out of storage. Mom was over-the-moon excited. Baylor was stoked and more eager than ever to bring Dakota for a visit. Logan was still iffy on the subject, but I was okay with that because eventually Cal would make her love him. Dad, being Dad, was concerned we were moving too fast. Coming from the man who took in a woman he met online, I could take that. Despite the partial negativity, all of them were happy we would be moving back home at the first of the year. The best part wasn't that we were leaving California behind, and leaving Cal's old life behind, but hearing Cal call Iowa home.



For now, we were cuddled in my bed. No, wait, our bed.

our Cal made dinner—chicken sautéed in balsamic vinegar, baby tomatoes and fresh basil, melted over with mozzarella cheese. We were full, and we were supposed to be tired, too, ready to fall asleep. Cal had other ideas. With his arm across one breast and his hand gently kneading the other one through my PJ's, his mouth was laying sensuous kisses along my neck. Tired though I was, my body was waking up.

"Are you sure you want to do that?" I asked, squirming beside him. "I don't remember seeing any condoms in all the stuff you brought in."

His voice was thick when he answered. "I thought if you were okay with it last night, you'd be okay with it tonight." He sucked on my earlobe, sending tiny tendrils of pleasure all the way down to my toes.

"As long as you're willing to deal with the consequences," I breathed.

Cal pulled back to look at me and the fearlessness I saw in him made my heart beat faster. "I'm not afraid."

"You ought to be. I'm totally premenstrual right now, Cal."

He frowned, making a show of thinking too hard. "That means five to seven days without making love to you." He gave me a quick nod and moved on top of me. "Let's do it."

I giggled as he nuzzled my ear, but that didn't mean I wasn't being serious. I pushed at his shoulders. "And what if I get pregnant? What if I'm already pregnant? I'm not ready for that."

"You don't want to have kids?"

I laughed. "Kids? Cal! You just moved in! Next thing I know, you'll be asking me to marry you."

For a long moment—an uncomfortably long moment—he looked at me. With all earnestness, he asked, "Do you want to get married?"

"You can't be serious?"

He nodded. He was serious, but there was also a playful grin tweaking one corner of his mouth. It was enough to let me know he wasn't one hundred percent serious. I pinched his arm and he protested by tickling my neck with his scruffy jaw.

was "I oughta kick you," I told him.

"You still haven't answered my question."

I rolled my eyes. "Oh God, Cal. Let's give it six months, at least."

"So, you're telling me there's a chance?" he said, doing his best to mime Jim Carrey from Dumb and Dumber , and doing a terrible job of it, I might add.

Dumb and Dumber "You're such a dork."

He was killing me with cuteness, making me giggle like a little girl. This was the happiest I had seen him since we met. I knew it wasn't always going to be this perfect. We would both have our bad days and our mediocre days stuck in between the good days. I just wish this was how it could have been for Cal all of his life. Ten years ago, with me graduating high school and Cal still living in New York making a living doing something I had only just experienced, we weren't even close to being at the right place in our lives. This was our time, come what may.

"How about this?" he said. "When we're still together a year from now, I'll ask you again."

" When we're still together?"

When He nodded. "When."

I wanted to let him kiss me as badly as his eyes said he wanted to. If I did, I'd let him take me again, too. I wasn't sure I was ready to dodge another bullet when I couldn't be certain I hadn't dodged the first one. Still, it was hard to imagine going another five to seven days without making love with him.

"Are you sure you want to put up with me for that long?"

"There's no one else in this world I'd rather put up with. Get used to me, Livy." He kissed my forehead. "For better or for worse, I plan on staying with you forever."

I smirked. "For better or for worse?"

His kissed my nose. "In sickness and in health."

"For richer or for poorer?"

"'Til death do us part."

I touched Cal's face, mapped every edge and angle, memorized every gracious curve with the tips of my fingers. God, I love this man. When it comes to bad relationships, we Morton's have cornered the market, but I think, in this instance, forever isn't such a bad idea. I could do forever with Cal.

"I do," I said, and when I did, I let Cal kiss me. I didn't care. Together, we could face whatever the future had to offer.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Epilogue





One Year Later

One Year Later I stumbled across your journal one afternoon while rummaging through our stuff and getting things put away in our new apartment. It's written in your slanted script with the words Our Story written in permanent ink on the cover. Above it, My Story had been scratched out. Not sure how long ago, but it made me smile.

Our Story My Story I read it over the course of a week, getting in my reading time either while you were at work, or sleeping, or in the shower. The first day I found it, I spent an afternoon pouring over it when I should have been unpacking. I read all the way to our first night together. When you came home, you were pissed that I hadn't gotten anything done. I made it up to you by cooking dinner and rubbing your feet. I made it up to you in other ways as well, but I'm not as good at writing about sex as you are. I take back what I said about you being a terrible writer. You're actually quite good. Better than what I can do, anyway.

I don't know why you felt the need to write it all down, when you took the time to do it, why you stopped, or for whom you wrote it. I'm more curious to know why you never told me about it. Were you afraid I wouldn't like what you wrote? That I would criticize your skewed view of me in the beginning?

I'm going to ask you one day, but not now. I want to add my own mark to Our Story .

Our Story In a week, we leave for Ireland. It was your idea. I've not been too fond of making the trip myself. I was simply looking for a way to celebrate our year anniversary. You want me to 'exorcise my demons.' I fought you on it. We argued. You said I need this to move forward, and I said all I need to move forward is you. After some very tall soul searching, and a lengthy conversation with your mom and dad, I've come to the conclusion that you're probably right. I need to search out the old places I used to roam, to see the people I used to know, to put a new face to them, to see with my own two eyes the house I used to live in. A part of me hopes it's been torn down, burned to the ground, gone, but another side hopes someone else has been able to make the peaceful home out of it my father never could.

very tall very tall You're right. I do need this to move forward, but I also need you, and your idea to help me wash away the ugly memories of home has given me an idea, one in which we might make new memories; memories we won't want to wash away.

A small group of our family and friends are going to follow us to Ireland a couple of days after we leave. You don't know about it, yet. It's a surprise. You won't know about it until you read this. However, there are a few things I would like for you to know before I go on.

This hasn't been an easy year for us. We've had to make a lot of adjustments to the way we live and the way we think. Me, especially. You're an extrovert. I'm the opposite. You express yourself. I keep quiet. You're neat and organized. I'm not so. I want to be a father. You're scared to death you'll be a terrible mother, though I know you won't be.

Living in California was especially trying. It was hard to go anywhere and not run into anyone I used to know. You hated when someone from my past would see me and want to talk. I couldn't turn them away and you were pissed when I didn't. Our six-month anniversary dinner was not a memorable one for that very reason. It got so that if I wanted to take you anywhere, we had to go very far out of the way. Most of the time, we were stuck at home, getting on each other's nerves.

But being in Iowa, in our true home, has made the difference. We fit together perfectly here. The rough spots are harder for an outsider to see. I love to cook. You love to eat. You love the weather, and I love to watch you watching the weather. I have my days when I'm not myself, but you never change. You wait for me to come back, and until I do, you take care of me.



You redeem me, Livy. You're my saving grace. Even when whispers of the past come back to haunt me (like Linda screaming her vengeance from a jail cell), you cover them over with your love, and though you don't yet know it, the words in your journal heal me. It's why I've agreed to your idea of exorcising my demons in Ireland, and it's why I've decided to make this trip my own. Our own.

Our I write this as you lay in bed asleep. It's early morning and you get up in an hour for work, though I don't know if you'll go in today. You cried yourself to sleep last night after telling me the most beautiful thing I've ever heard since you told me you loved me. As I write this, our child grows inside you. You've never looked so beautiful. You'll be upset with me when I tell you not to tell anyone about your pregnancy until after our trip to Ireland. You won't understand then, but you will now.

You see, I have it all planned out. I'm taking your journal to be bound today. I'll have my letter to you included, along with this final page. I'm going to have it placed in a white box with white tissue paper and a bright red bow, and I'm going to have your family bring it with them to Ireland. They'll know what's up, but you won't. While we sit to dinner at the finest restaurant in Dublin, your mother will bring the box out to you, followed by everyone in our family. You'll be surprised. You'll probably start crying because then you'll know something is up too, and as you read this aloud, they'll learn that you're expecting. It will be twice the surprise.

As you read these final words, you'll notice that there are a thick number of pages left in this journal. When you turn the page, you'll see why.

I'm ready to take the next step in our journey together, Livy. I made you a promise a year ago and I intend to keep with it. You already know now what I'm going to ask you, but turn the page anyway and let me ask you...



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I turned the page.

There in the center of my journal—now a hardbound book—was an indentation, a square cut into blank pages. Candlelight refracted the colors of the rainbow off the diamond ring nestled within it. Its understated style, simple but elegant, was so much to Cal's taste and mine that nothing else in the world could have been more perfect. Not Mom's tears of joy to learn that she'll finally be a grandmother or the fact that Dad had his arm around her, holding her again the way he used to. Not Baylor's new short hairstyle or the girl on his arm who had convinced him that cutting his hair was appropriate for the occasion. Not Logan's new baby bump (she found out months before I did; besties in everything, it would seem), and not the love on the faces of my family all around me.

There was only one thing more perfect in the whole room, and it was Cal getting out of his seat and coming to kneel before me.

He took the book from my hand, removed the candlelit ring from inside it and slipped it on my finger. When he looked up at me, I could have fallen into his arms and said YES before he had a chance to say a thing. He didn't have to ask, but he wanted to, and I wasn't about to take that away from him, anymore than I would take away from him his desire to be a better father than the man who raised him.

With tears in his eyes that I could barely see due to my own, Cal said loud enough for everyone in the room to hear, "I love you, Livy, and I want to love you for the rest of my life. Will you marry me?"

He asked it as if he feared my answer, as if he didn't know what I would say, but he knew. Deep down inside, he knew.

And you know, too, dear reader. To write it would be redundant. I'm not that good at this writing thing anyway, no matter what Cal says. All you need to know is that we were married a day later in the village of Glasnevin, under a tree near where Cal's mother is buried. Mom had her old seventies off-the-shoulder wedding dress altered to fit my stature because she knew one day soon I would need it. Its pristine white had faded with the years and it needed mending in spots, but its long train was intact and time had given it an aged color that represented what our life together would be like. Long and eventful, with much love and maybe even a few kids in between.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Author's Note : I hope you enjoyed Cal and Livy's story. It was a labor of love for me and was borne partly from my difficulty to find stories that didn't leave me feeling depressed or sad at the end. I wanted a story with a happy ending. Since I couldn't find one, I decided to write one. Please leave a review and let me know what you thought of it.

Author's Note Author's Note I hope you enjoyed Cal and Livy's story. It was a labor of love for me and was borne partly from my difficulty to find stories that didn't leave me feeling depressed or sad at the end. I wanted a story with a happy ending. Since I couldn't find one, I decided to write one. Please leave a review and let me know what you thought of it. A snippet of Cal's addition to Livy's journal was inspired by this John Mayer song: "Not Myself" taken from the 2001 album Room For Squares.

A snippet of Cal's addition to Livy's journal was inspired by this John Mayer song: "Not Myself" taken from the 2001 album Room For Squares. Room For Squares.

Thanks for reading!

Thanks for reading! Thanks for reading!





