Title: A Timely Knight

A Dream of Machines





He had never seen Ironport.

He traveled as far as Heliport and back, but never to Ironport. And yet, he somehow knew this was Ironport.

Must be all the reading , he thought to himself as he walked down the wide and lonely bridge that connected the south side of the city, with the north.

Must be all the reading Ironport, one of the main cities in Makina, by far the largest but least populated port where most of the trade occurred. The main part of the city rose suspended mid-air, on top of the Rhain, the river that traveled across three major cities and flowed into Coverfell, the large sea west of Makina. Narrow bridges connected the eight sections of the city, commonly called islands by the inhabitants of the hectic and metallic port.

On the northern part of Ironport, a huge waterfall named Alma after the woman who once fell to her death from the top, fed the Rhain and gave the city its trademark cold and sweet breeze. As he reached the Island of Oil, he thought he heard something, but what could it be? A squeak? A sound akin to an old and rusty machine struggling to function properly. He turned around, trying to find the source of the sound, but found nothing, and no one else seemed to hear it. He shrugged and made his way to the other side of the island.

There are a lot of people at Ironport today , he thought, astonished at the sight of the huge crowd gathered around the small shops.

There are a lot of people at Ironport today Were there really a lot of people? Sure, they were far more than he ever saw at Slatehallow, the place he called home. But since he never visited Ironport before, he couldn't really tell if these were in fact a lot of people, or if they were just the right amount.

The squeak once more, louder than before. Again, he seemed to be the only one who heard it. It made sense. How can anyone hear anything over this noise? Merchants shouting, buyers bargaining, and sellers offering, all of them trying to out-scream one another.

How can anyone hear anything over this noise? Utter chaos. Controlled, perhaps, usual for those accustomed to it, which by the looks of it were everyone but him. But chaos nonetheless, boisterous and wild, loud and overwhelming. An explosion to the senses. A multitude of thunder. He wasn't enjoying his experience in Ironport.

Now, however, is as good a time as any to wonder why I'm here.

Now, however, is as good a time as any to wonder why I'm here. Why indeed. Was there a purpose to his visit? One doesn't just exist in a place with no clear meaning. How did he get to Ironport? What laid beyond Ironport? What laid beyond him ?

him He finally reached the waterfall and stopped right at the edge, where Alma stood before she leaped to her death. He wondered what drove her to that point, how bad things were for her. And he wished he could've helped her, given her some solace against the great dispair. A weird thought, considering Alma died three hundred gears before, but a kind one at least.

The sheer force of the waterfall unnerved the ground. For a few moments, he wondered if Alma, like him, stood at the very edge, beholding the water below when the unexpected tremble of the ground made her fall. Maybe, he thought, she didn't want to die. Maybe it was an accident. His stomach turned at the thought. What a waste.

The squeak once more. This time, he knew he heard it and he turned around, determined to find the source. He walked back to the islands, following the sound of metal crashing and the smell of sweat, and melting iron. He arrived at the central bridge, connecting north and south, stopped, and looked around.

A dormant fixture in a sea of motion. Wind smashed against his face, sweet salt caressed his skin. The waves below, so distant and calm, still felt like rhythms under his feet. Where was it? What was it? It was close, he could tell. But it eluded him still, hiding like a shadow in a barely-lit space. Did it swim on the depths below? Did it slither in the crowd around? Then it hit him. Perhaps it hovered in the sky above. He looked up to the sky and saw it.



Bird or machine? Perhaps both, and the squeak was the movement of old, rusty, and enormous wings. At first sight, the bird seemed to be falling apart. Indeed, he thought he saw a few loose cogs here and there. However, it still loomed large enough to cover at least two entire islands under the length of its battered, tired limbs.

The crowd started to notice it too. Some looked in awe, eyes widening and jaws dropping. Others seemed anxious, confused, tightening their fists and grinding their teeth. No one moved, though. Statues on the pavement, they just looked to the skies, towards the strange visitor from above. Nature still unknown, purpose still a secret, the bird failed to react to the people below. Instead, it just kept floating, wings still batting. Squeak still squeaking.

And then it happened. Suddenly and without warning, the machine opened its long, pointy beak and a great ball of fire came out of its depths, landing on the Island of Scrap Metal. The air around turned orange, the ground roared in agony and fear, and the entire world screamed with the fury of a thousand lungs.

Flames rapidly spread across the remains of old machines, reducing them to nothingness within seconds. Dancing flares cracked with glee as they melted everything in sight, turning the metal monster into a pool of burning debris. Men and women made their way towards the bridges and he thought he could literally see the life jumping out of them.

The bird fired once more, this time towards the Island of Precious Stones. In the bat of an eye, two islands were down and Ironport was no more. Hell was real and fired ruled supreme. Long gone was the cold breeze of Alma. Now, the molten metal turned the port into a furnace as tiny burning particles floated around. They fluttered around his eyes and into his body, blurring his vision and clogging his lungs.

Nearly blind and losing breathable air by the step, he joined the herd of people as they ran towards the entrance of the city. Surely, he thought, the bird will keep its focus on the city. Surely, it's not after us. Surely. Alas, he was wrong. The bird turned around and pointed its beak towards the moving crowd, releasing another ball of fire.

He had never heard actual pain before. Blood-curdling, heart-stopping, head-spinning pain. The kind that can stop the world from turning. The kind that can bring Gods to their knees. Pain like no person should ever feel. Pain like no one ever imagined. He had never heard such pain before. He did now.

The smell of burning flesh infested the air and the heat became unbearable. The bridge collapsed, its foundations destroyed instantly. The flaming bodies fell below, balls of agony and blaze that turned the Rhain into a river of fire and blood.

He managed to cross the bridge, the gates of the city standing only a few steps away. But even if he reached them, where could he go? Where could any of them go? How could mortal feet escape the flying inferno? How could man defeat machine?

A large woman crashed against him, and he fell to the ground, hitting his head against a small rock. Balance left him and shadows embraced him. He crawled as fast as he could, shards of hell drilling his exposed skin, flaming earth branding his every limb. Away from the incoming crowd, he crept into the bridge that led to the Island of Fabrics, crossing it with slow determination.

The bird still floated above, attacking no more. Now, it just hovered, patiently, calmly. Squeak . Waiting for something. Squeak . Someone? Squeak . He looked around but found nothing. The city was now a wreck, the islands were scattered around the Rhain, and only he remained among the wreckage.

Squeak Squeak Squeak The answer came to him, a ball of light in the utmost darkness. Could the bird be waiting for him?

He wondered if there was something he could do. His training, tired of being neglected and forgotten, abandoned him some time in the last few gears. Attacking the bird alone was out of the question. He needed something, a knife or a gun or even a stick. Anything to actually put up a fight.

Anything But he had nothing, and nothing remained except for fire and gore and the echoes of a thousand souls whose last breath still lingered in the air around. The bird's small head turned to him and its glowing red eyes looked directly at his, acknowledging him. Calling to him. Daring him. He rose almost involuntarily, acting not out of bravery or fear, but something else. Instinct, perhaps? No, something much stronger.

Duty.

Had the bird possessed lips, it would've certainly smiled. Its beak opened yet again and the cruel warmth emanated from its depths. He didn't even hesitate and jumped towards it just as the ball of fire came out. Hands stretched as if capable of stopping the flames, they failed magnificently and defeat's familiar touch found him again. Fire met flesh and the world around him ceased to exist, consumed by the merciless grasp of a bottomless pit.

He failed again.

If he wanted to win, he thought as a new reality materialized around him, he needed something to fight with. Some hidden skill, some special ability.

After all, if there ever was a timely situation to be extraordinary, surely this was one.





A Timely Encounter





Eldon woke up feeling as if he had no sleep at all. A few days went by since he last dreamt of the mechanical bird and part of him hoped he never would again. Alas, he did and he lost once more. Last time, he actually managed to land a blow on one of the bird's rusty wings. This time, however, he died sooner than ever before. The bird was much bigger, though.

Sitting on the bed, trying not to disturb the still-sleeping man beside him, he rubbed his tired eyes a little too aggressively. He never gave much thought to his dreams before, mainly because he never really dreamt. He always slept deeply, at least until a few weeks ago. One unremarkable night he dreamt about the bird and it kept happening ever since.

It wasn't the dream that bothered him per se, but that he always lost against the machine. He always was competitive, perhaps too much for his own good. And having his ass beaten every single night, even in dream form, meant he woke up with teeth so clenched, he thought they might burst out of his mouth.

He surrendered to consciousness and walked towards his bathroom, lighting one of the copper lamps. Brown eyes made their way through the dark, revealing a familiar yet strangely foreign face that made him wonder if it was possible to change overnight.

Soon after turning twenty-six, Eldon's expression hardened. No longer a boy, his frown became a permanent fixture on his face, clashing against the soft beard he grew over the summer. His sapphire hair, curly and perfectly trimmed, complemented his light-brown skin. A wide nose supported a pair of oval-shaped glasses with small cogs surrounding the frames, giving him a bookish look.

Eldon licked his full lips and smiled, an accomplice to the mirror. Vanity was a fault of his, a pleasure he indulged shamelessly. However, as the days turned to months and the months turned to gears, his reflection became a sore subject. An intermittent question plagued his mind, an inquiry that put into doubt the very existence of his self-awareness. What kind of man will you turn out to be?

What kind of man will you turn out to be? That morning was not the time to answer such a mortal question. Pushing aside such untimely thoughts, Eldon carried on with his daily routine, washing his face and teeth and styling his hair before getting dressed for work.

As he ate his oatmeal, Eldon went back to his dream. Could it actually mean something? Don Osgood always said his meaning would come later in life. He never understood those words and Don Osgood died before he asked for more details, so the true meaning behind the old man's teachings died along with him. Now, Eldon hardly remembered any of the training he received and he sometimes wondered where all that knowledge disappeared into.

meaning "Morning," Harvey's voice came from the hall. "You didn't wait for me."

"I'm late for work," Eldon half-apologized.

Harvey frowned, then checked the clock on the wall. "It's 6:15."

"I have to come in early today. We have that new collection coming to the Museum. I told you about it."

"No you didn't," Harvey muttered, crossing his arms as anger lurked behind his eyes.

"I told someone with your name. And your face." Eldon needn't say more. He didn't want to either. Things between them couldn't get any better, but they could certainly get worse.

"I don't remember," said Harvey, unsurprisingly. "I'm sorry."

"Yes well, what else is new. It's not that important really. But I'll be working late for the rest of the week, so we probably won't see much of each other."

Harvey shrugged. "I understand."

Silence fell between them. Not troublesome or painful but rather familiar, expected, usual. Talking ceased to be present in their relationship a long time ago. Why should they start now? Eldon looked at his empty plate and realized there was no reason for him to stay.



"Anyway, I'm off."

"See you," said Harvey, turning away to prepare his breakfast.

"Or maybe I'll see someone with your face," Eldon muttered, leaving the kitchen.

********

******** He left his flat at 6:30. With a comfortable thirty minutes to get to work, he walked at a slow but steady pace. Al Hallowers still slept. One of the largest cities in Makina, Slatehallow always seemed so small to him. His home for the past ten gears, Eldon knew every corner of the city by heart. The narrow and crooked streets framed by thin and long townhouses, red and gray in color. The busy and crowded shops where life took place before his very eyes. The steam-powered factories where most Hallowers worked and which stood just outside the city, like keepers of the spirit within.

Yes, Eldon appreciated every single corner on Slatehallow. From Downing Street, where Salazar's Antiques attracted hundreds of tourists every day, all the way to the Red Fork, where three roads met and flowers still bloomed. He liked this city. He enjoyed its vigor, the romance of old and new, and how quiet it breathed in the early morning when it was safe from the smog of planes, trains, and automobiles.

Beside him, the sound of water running took him elsewhere, to a place away from metal and steam. The river that surrounded the inner part of the city seemed like an oddity within the copper goliath that was Slatehallow. However, it was a vital part of it, the endearing, beating, misty heart of an otherwise automaton shape. Ships often cruised through it, mainly on weekends, when Hallowers enjoyed some family time, swaying among tranquil waves.

Slatehallow, a charming old ruin. Perhaps too charming, certainly too old. What kept him there? Certainly not Harvey. As for his career, it peaked. There was no higher position left for a Master like him, at least not in that Museum. Was it habit? Unwillingness? Lack of ambition?

Lost in thought, he entered the inner part of the city just as a scream filled the air, startling both him and the morning mist, which dissipated at the sound. Alert instantly kicked in and he stopped at the end of the bridge, waiting. Surely if something was the matter, he'd know.

And he did. Another scream, coming from the alley behind Dolphin's Tavern. He wasted no time and headed towards it, a rush of adrenaline hitting him as one more scream drove the last remnants of mist away. Theft, kidnapping, and murder weren't rare in Slatehallow. They seldomly happened in broad daylight, though. As Eldon reached the alley, he noticed two or three calm but commanding voices. The attackers. A fourth one didn't speak but moaned and panted pitifully, a very obvious victim. He sought cover behind a trash can and waited a few seconds before looking up.

Indeed, three large men surrounded and kicked a fourth one, just as large but outnumbered and already hurt. One by one Eldon analyzed them, and recognizing their colorful attire, his fists instantly clenched. Eyes rolled as he understood the men belonged to the Steam Scorpion. A bunch of thugs who considerably grew in the past gear or so, they went petty thieves and bullies to a full-scale organization with ties to several other crime groups all around Makina.

This seems to be an inside problem , he thought as the three large men resumed their attack towards the fourth one. And that's not really a victim .

This seems to be an inside problem And that's not really a victim Still, three against one seemed a tad unfair and his life was low in action, in more ways than one. He no longer trained and most of Don Osgood's teachings laid somewhere in the back of his head, but he wasn't really out of shape. Even in this state, he could easily handle all three attackers, and even the fourth man, if it came to that. He needed to be quick, though. He did have to get to work.

"You know, It's not like I think highly of the Steam Scorpion, yet you always manage to disappoint me even more." Coming out from behind the trash can and speaking loud and clear, he finally revealed himself to the men. All three immediately turned around to face him with rough, menacing looks. "Three against one? That's not nice."

"This doesn't concern you," the tallest one said, with a calm tone that did not match the expression on his face. "Leave now."

"Can't do, bucko. See, I have to cross this alley to get to work and you're kind of in my way," Eldon continued, just as calm.

"Then choose another alley," the man replied, losing some of his cool.

"Can't do that either. I like this alley, it's a nice alley. It's cold and damp and narrow and has far more trash cans than any other. This is my get-to-work alley."

The three men, clearly irritated, approached him, but Eldon didn't give them time to react. Thank God for his speed, his strongest weapon. He jumped and crashed his knee against the man in the middle, whom he just spoke to, and sent him flying towards the left wall. As soon as Eldon touched the ground, he turned to the man on his left, a bald oaf with bulging green eyes and a goatee. Eldon punched him square in the face, breaking his nose and spilling warm blood on the pavement.

Behind him, the last man tried to grab him by the neck. Quickly, Eldon broke free and did a round-off. Landing on the man's shoulders, he now practically sat on top of the attacker. The man walked stupidly, struggling with the novel weight on his shoulders. Eldon pressed the man's head with both legs, knocking him out and effectively ending the fight.

Jumping to the ground as the attacker fell unconscious to the floor, Eldon turned around to see if the fourth man would try to avenge his fallen peers. Badly bruised and in no position to fight, the once victim could barely stay awake.

"Pitiful," he complained as he walked back to the trash can to pick up his bag and glasses.

"You're still as fast as ever," said a voice from behind him and Eldon quickly turned, startled but ready to face his new attacker.

The man in front of him didn't belong to the Steam Scorpion. No colorful outfit adorned his frame, no furious expression contorted his face. Instead, he wore a long and elegant black coat with a red vest underneath, a top hat with goggles, and a pair of heavy-looking, knee-length boots. He used a cane, more a fashion statement than a true necessity. A warm smile spread through his handsome face, but Eldon failed to reciprocate. Instead, he raised his fists, ready and perhaps hoping for another round.

"Come on, Emmu, if you never beat me back then, what makes you think you can now?"

Eldon froze on the spot. Only one person ever called him "Emmu," one that remained distant for the past fourteen gears. The man smiled once more as he took his top hat off. Curly and silver hair lit the entire alley, turning violet under the faint sunlight that powered through the heavy clouds. A few seconds passed, as Eldon tried to make sense of this unforeseen turn of events. Then, rather involuntarily, he ran towards his friend and hugged him.

Fourteen gears separated this from the last time he saw Timmy. And yet when they touched, time became irrelevant.

"I missed you," said Eldon, although he didn't really know why.

"I missed you too, Emmu," Timmy simply said.

What a great way to start the day.





A Shared Dream





"How did you know it was me?"

"Come on Emmu, we trained and fought together for four gears. I can still recognize your techniques."

"But how did you know where to find me?"

"I asked around and learned you work in the Museum. I was on my way when I heard the scream and lo and behold, there you were in all your ass-kicking glory."

Eldon and Timothy sat on a bench outside the Museum. The sun hid behind a curtain of grey and Eldon was on his lunch break. He left the alley after realizing how late it was and rushed to the Museum, not before they both agreed to meet at midday.

The cloudy skies above would soon start weeping, and the sound of the train crossing the city became louder and more unbearable by the second. Still, it was as good a place as any. Sitting side by side, as they used to when they were kids, they found themselves in the middle of the hard and uncomfortable process of rediscovering a friendship that laid dormant for far too long.

Timothy Lemuel Lever, son of Don Anthony Jasper Lemuel. Eldon met him when they were both six, at Ward Institute, where they trained under the tutelage of Don Osgood Paul Pennington. Don Anthony expected Timmy to learn strength and discipline at Ward. Eldon, already an orphan by six, got sent to the Institute by his wealthy but distant patron, who adopted him to please his dying wife.

Being Don Osgood's only two apprentices, the two became friends from the moment they laid eyes on each other. They fought, learned, laughed, and practically lived together for four gears, becoming inseparable, as if attached by the hip. It worked out fabulously since all the other students hated them for the perceived special treatment they received from the Don.

When they turned ten, the Institute suffered an attack and Don Osgood met a gruesome and violent end. The perpetrators escaped and Ava, Ward's Master in Mathematics, suspected the Don died protecting something the attackers longed for.

After the event, Don Anthony took Tim out of the Institute and relocated to Vanderport. Eldon cried for an entire month after Tim left. Soon after, he too abandoned the Institute and enrolled in Oldport's prestigious Stimon Academy.

Overnight, his life changed. He stopped training and traded punches for books. He tried to stay in touch with Tim, and for two gears, they exchanged letters with updates and pleasantries. After a while, the letters became less frequent, until one day they stopped altogether. Now and then, Eldon thought of Tim. Sometimes he even considered going to Vanderport in search of him. Over the gears, through the ups and downs of his life, those thoughts never really left him.

"I heard about your father," Eldon awkwardly said, coming out of his thoughts. Not knowing how to approach the subject, he decided to just spit it out. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be, he had a great life. Hell, he was a hundred and seven. Some might say he actually overstayed his welcome," Tim replied, rather nonchalantly. He never had a great relationship with his father. Don Anthony's cold and often cruel demeanor alienated his son, so Timmy's attitude was somewhat justified.

"Always a silver lining, I guess. So, you're a Don now?" Eldon asked, playfully.

"Yup. Don Timothy Lemuel Lever. Rather crazy, wouldn't you say?" Timothy spoke in an ironic tone and Eldon saw regret's shadow coursing through in his eyes.

"Indeed. You'll have to grow a beard now, Buy a nice manor, settle down. Get a wife, have some kids. Get a nanny too, so you can dump the kids when they start acting like annoying little shits, which let's face it, will be most of the time."



"I'm halfway there, actually." Tim reached into his pocket and took a small photograph out. Eldon expected to see a pretty blonde, but instead saw a gigantic black manor, with tall and pointy vine-covered towers and a pond large enough to house swans. "I bought it last spring."

"Nice. Subtle, discrete. It suits you," Eldon mocked, feeling more at ease with the conversation. Things seemed smooth enough. No awkward silences so far.

"I'm also seeing someone, but I don't know..." Tim toyed with the picture in his hands, head swaying, teeth biting his lower lip. His eyes focused on the picture far more than necessary and hesitation finished his sentence. "She's a nice lady from a nice family and my father really wanted me to be with her. We get along just fine."

really Tim shrugged and Eldon wondered if he should insist on the matter. The two of them used to talk about everything and anything, but that was then. Now, as grown men with a past full of choices and regrets, Eldon understood if Tim kept some things private. He didn't feel comfortable enough to enquire. Not yet, anyway.

"Well, I'm sure you'll have gorgeous, silver-haired little shits to populate that monstrous house." Eldon's words made Tim draw a wide and sincere smile.

"How about you?" Tim asked, wanting to take the attention off of him. "Seeing anyone?"

Now it was Eldon's turn to hesitate. He sent his gaze to the drab skies above, trying to ignore the urge to bite his nails. The literal answer would be Yes . However, remembering the last few weeks with Harvey, he chose the correct one, instead.

Yes "Not really. It's complicated."

"Isn't everything?"

"I guess it is. What are you doing in Slatehallow, anyway? Are you here on business or did you just miss me too much?"

"You know my life isn't the same without you, Emmu," Tim replied, ruffling Eldon's hair and smiling. The gesture came naturally for both of them. After the spontaneous hug in the alley, Eldon remained wary of another physical gesture. No more. "You're actually right, though. I'm not here on business or anything of the sort. I am here to see you."

"Really?" Eldon asked, raising his eyebrows in shock. Not the answer he had expected. "Why? Do you need something?"

"Not exactly. I don't really know how to say this."

Suddenly, Tim's playful tone disappeared and his face hardened. His eyes went straight to the pavement as if trying to find the answer in the stone. He still toyed with the picture in his hands, now moist with all the sweat, and for a moment it looked like he wanted to break it. Silence prolonged for far too long before Eldon lost whatever patience remained in his hectic body.

"What's wrong? You can tell me. We used to tell each other everything, didn't we? You can trust me."

"I know I can trust you. This may sound strange but, despite all the gears, I still feel connected to you. I just don't know if you'll believe me when I say what I came here to say."

"I will."

Eldon's voice came out firm and honest. Tim finally looked at him, giving him a shy smile that his worried and somewhat sad eyes didn't share. Pursing his lips, he frowned like he used to do as a child when he struggled to answer one of Don Osgood's questions.

"Well, I have this dream. It started not long ago, a while after my twenty-sixth birthday. At first, I didn't really understand it and it took me a while to make sense of it, but I think I finally have. And it's not like me to put too much thought into dreams, of all things. But Don Osgood's voice keeps ringing in my head. Remember what he used to say? I can't exactly recall the words, but it's something about dreams being messages of some sort. Please don't think I'm crazy. I struggled a lot before coming here, but I think there might be a reason behind this."



"What's the dream?" Eldon asked, sweaty hands holding on to the edge of the bench, mind blurring with memories of a bird over Ironport.

"You're fighting against a big machine," Tim said, eyes closed and pressed together, trying to remember. "I don't know how to explain it. It's quite large and has cogs and screws coming out of its body and a ton of steam shooting out of this big hole on its back. I think....it somehow looks like a..."

"Bird?"

Tilting his head, Timmy thought for a moment before finally nodding. "How did you know?"

"How do you know it's me? In your dream, I mean,"

"Emmu, I'd recognize you anywhere. You're the only sapphire-haired boy I know."

The words made Eldon blush. After all, he failed to recognize Tim at first, even though his friend was the only silver-haired boy he knew.

"Tim, how does your dream end?" Eldon asked again and Tim's response took the shape of uneasy and dreadful silence. "I die, don't I?"

Tim pursed his lips even harder as if trying to prevent awful words from coming out.

"I am not.... certain. You're losing the fight, that much is true, but I don't exactly see you die." He shook his head as the picture in his hands finally gave up and tore apart. "I can't say for sure, but if I had to answer, I would say No ." Tim growled under his breath, his foot tapping furiously against the pavement. "Why do you ask? How did you know about the bird?"

No Eldon sighed, in shock at the words that now left his mouth. "I share your dream. For a while now. I'm at Ironport and a fire-spitting mechanical bird arrives and destroys two of the islands before killing me. I sometimes fight, but I always lose."

Tim touched the tip of his nose with his upper lip. "You're not at Ironport in my dream. And the bird doesn't spit fire."

"It doesn't? Well, that's not so bad then."

"To be honest, I'm not exactly sure where you're at, I haven't paid attention. I'm usually focused on helping you, but it's a tough machine to kill."

"You try to help me in your dream?"

Tim's chest puffed and his eyes glimmered, offense becoming him. . "Well of course I do! What did you think, that I was going to simply stand there and watch you die?"

Eldon blushed again. Of course not. Tim would never run away from a fight. And he would never leave a friend behind. "I didn't mean that, it's just... well, it's been a long time. Things change."

"Did you forget about me?" Tim asked in the most un-Tim kind of way.

"No," Eldon firmly replied as his heart gave a sudden and rather uproarious jump. He stopped and considered, before adding: "Actually, I think of you all the time."

"I think of you too. I could never forget you, Emmu."

The awkward silence that Eldon dreaded finally settled upon them. A pile of unasked questions floated around them, stopping at the entrance of their tightly shut lips. They would come to life, not that day or the following, but eventually, and Eldon feared he wouldn't like the answers.

At once, he understood how broken Tim's parting left him.

Despite all the friends he made in Stimon and at the Museum, none of them equaled the first one. The one that grew alongside him and meant the world to him. The silver-haired man whom he compared everyone else to.

Tim seemed to feel the same because he flashed that reassuring it's-all-going-to-be-okay smile, the one that got young Eldon into all manner of trouble and which now tried to make him smile too. It succeeded.

One of the many great things about Tim was that he always knew what to say to make things better. Sometimes he didn't even need to speak the words out loud.

"I'm alone in my dream," Eldon finally said, going back to the main issue.

"Maybe there's a bit more to it, then. I mean, you don't die in mine but you're certain you do in yours, and the bird doesn't spit fire in mine, but it does in yours. Maybe they're a two-parter? Mine's the beginning and yours is the end."

"Leave it to us to overcomplicate shit. So you think there might be some truth behind them?" Eldon asked as the train roared once more, hopefully for the last time.

"I suspected before, but now I'm certain. I mean, you have to remember what Don Osgood used to tell us."

"Don't touch my salted bread?"

"Besides that. What were the words? He always said them, about dreams."

" Dreams are a multitude of moments waiting to happen ," Eldon recited and the old man's voice rang in his head. He forgot a lot of things, but not everything.

Dreams are a multitude of moments waiting to happen "Those are the ones. Listen, this means something. You and I sharing a dream after all these gears? It can't be a coincidence. Don Osgood said we had a purpose. Maybe this is it. Maybe this is one of those moments and I sure as fuck won't let it happen."

"Or maybe it's just a dream. I mean, come on, Timmy, I've dreamt of having a red fox up my ass. Will that too come to pass? Shitting would be a literal pain."

"Emmu... "

"What? Don't get me wrong, I don't fear death. Dying, on the other hand, sounds fucking terrifying and you're basically asking me to accept the fact that I am going to die."

am "Like hell you are," Tim firmly said, shaking his head. "Don Osgood also said things happen for a reason and I believe it. These dreams are a warning, not a reality. You're still a great fighter, Emmu, and so am I. We just need a bit more training."

"You're not seriously suggesting we fight a fire-spitting mechanical bird, are you?"

"Why not? How many children at Ward learned to fight? None! You and I were singled out. And we were good , Emmu. Time doesn't pass in vain and we may not win now, but even if we do go down, at least we'll put up one hell of a fight."

good Their hands met and Eldon shivered at Tim's touch. A pleasing and intoxicating warmth spread throughout his body, a strange, vivid, rousing vibration that shook him to the core. They needed to work past the shadow of the gears between them, and they would. For now, though, Eldon simply welcomed a warm hand to hold at such an ambiguous moment.

He now willingly believed his death was imminent and chose to fight against it. If there ever existed a proper time to panic, this was it. Yet, he didn't, for that touch gave him all the certainty he lacked. He closed his eyes and saw a place he never knew but which called to him, a distant echo from an unlived past, steps from the road not taken. Home.

"Very well," Eldon spoke, strong and willing all of a sudden. "It seems we have a lot of training to do."

"Atta boy."





A Withered Flower





The train slowed down. The horrible screech it made as it stopped, signaling their arrival, awoke her abruptly and made her bump her head against the window. She groaned furiously and attended to her aching skin. One of her ladies approached her and reached out, trying to comfort her, but she coarsely slapped the woman's hand away. What could the woman do, anyway? Rub her head?

She pulled the curtains up and opened the window, taking a quick look at the city before her. It looked and smelled like shit. Monochromatic like the rest of Makina, pointy and burgundy ceilings rose as the only flashes of color. Heavy smoke coming out of the multitude of factories that lined the north side fused with the dark clouds above them, a dark embrace for an even darker city. The scene was slight albeit appropriately sinister.

However, and unlike some of the other cities, this one represented a triumph for glass. Long and wide windows covered most walls, marquees spread around the edges of shops and buildings, and street lamps scintillated along the sideways, barely keeping the bleak streets alight.

The light rain invaded the cart and she closed the window at once, to the delight of her companions who clearly enjoyed the smell of the city as much as her. The sound of her husband's deep and annoyed voice made her stomach revolve. When he screamed, it usually came from a place of anxiety and an anxious Samuel was an insufferable Samuel. Grinding her teeth, she stood and slammed the door of the cart open, startling her ladies and leaving them behind to collect her luggage and belongings.

"Woman, we arrived at last," Samuel grunted and she simply nodded at the obvious. "Where's that girl? They're waiting for us."

"Perhaps she still sleeps," she replied in a humdrum voice.

"Wake her," he commanded one of the servants before heading towards the door.

The wind burst into the train with all the strength of a blizzard, forcing her to take several steps back. Her wide dress, far too heavy to have any reaction to nature, hindered her balance and she sought support on the wall, not wanting to fall in front of the entire welcoming committee.

Behind her three figures appeared, all struggling to resist nature's fury. The servant bowed before her and quickly left the train, leaving only women. One, an innocent-looking and dull twenty-five-gear-old Princess. The other, older by no more than 4 gears, a meaningless servant. And herself, a tired and jaded woman with a weakened façade. All three remained in silence as the men outside spoke for them amidst laughter and glee.

********

******** The sun resented Makina. Clouds persisted throughout the gear, sinking the kingdom in perpetual rain. However, the sky over Aronport was even duller. The drizzle took a brief rest so they got to ride in the open cart for what their hosts called "a tour of the city". She had very little interest in what the wretched place had to offer. Then again, she had no interest in being there at all, and yet there she was. Clearly, her interests were of no interest to anyone.

"That's our great clock tower. Built over three hundred gears ago, during the Fifth Transmission, it's the work of Don Elijah Solomon Dusk, the great patron of builders."

The man assigned as her guide was a short but muscular young blonde, a cousin to their host, the Earl of Aronport. His small hand now pointed to the monstrous tower before them. Her unimpressed reaction to the building, however, struck a nerve, because his smile faded and a confused frown took its place.

"Has Her Majesty been here before?" He asked, choosing to hope for the best.

She spat absent-minded words. "Once, as a child. My father brought me to visit some Don on the eastern part of the city."



Her eyes wandered the streets, taking closer looks at all the commoners who looked back at her. Some amazed, some confused, some defiant. A parade of acrimony. A carnival of ill will.

"That must be it. See, most people are quite amazed by our tower. It's our pride."

The man's words prompt her to take a second look at the building, yet she saw nothing to be proud of. Built with old and musty brick, the tower rose above the aesthetically pleasing, as if Elijah Solomon Dusk had been compensating for something else. The yellow clock at the top still worked despite its battered, unimpressive look.

A vision danced before her eyes, from a time long ago, overwhelmed by her absolute now. A young girl quivered in fear at the sound of those bells, feeling as though her life slithered through her fingers with every chime.

She first set foot in Aronport gears ago, too many to count. She was to meet some Don, a man twenty gears her senior that her father intended to betroth her to. When she arrived at the city, vulnerable and scared, the sight of that giant tower, so vast and overwhelming, made her realize just how meaningless she was, Not even important enough to decide her own fate.

The arrangement failed to formalize and she left Aronport the same way she arrived. Unmarried, untouched, unbroken. Three more gears passed before her father took her out of Withers Manor again. They sailed to Vanderport, where her future husband waited for her. This new man, younger and better looking, was a welcome surprise. She expected another old crow, lustful and repellent. Instead, she got a young Prince, handsome and dashing. In her mind, she considered it a step-up, a victory even.

She won the battle. But she eventually lost the war.

"We arrived," announced the young blonde, bringing her out of her memories. He apparently kept talking, she just stopped listening.

"Good. Help me out."

She was used to commanding people, she didn't even notice it anymore. It wasn't rudeness on her part, not always. It was just the way of the world, or so she claimed to ease her mind. In truth, she tried to be a good wife, a good mother, a good Queen, but she always failed at all of them. Most of the time, even her best wasn't good enough. After a while, she simply stopped trying. Why bother? You can try to shed the skin of a snake but it always grows back.

"Woman, join us," Samuel demanded and she silently complied.

As the King of Makina, Samuel usually received loud cheers and warms hugs as a welcome. Indeed, he already sported the kiss of both the Earl and his wife in his plump and hairy cheeks. She stayed away from such displays. The formal curtsy proved intimate enough for her. That was the main difference, she reckoned, between a man raised to be King, and a woman forced to be Queen.

"Your Majesty," the pretty woman in the gaudy pink dress curtsied at her, remaining on the floor for several seconds before straightening. "It is our pleasure to have you here, not only in our city but in our home."

"Welcome to Aronport, Your Majesties," the Earl of the city spoke, revealing a yellowish and slightly disgusting set of teeth.

"These are happy times indeed," Samuel roared as he hugged the Earl. "Your boy and my girl will make a fine union, a fine one indeed."

"Where is the little Princess?" The Earl questioned and his eyes met hers. "Are you hiding your daughter from us, My Queen?"

"She's not my daughter," she firmly replied. All smiles faded.

"Fuck me, woman! You don't have to be so cryptic," Samuel scolded as he walked towards the end of the procession. He returned with the dull girl, whose stiff face tried to hide the agitation within. "Nathaniel, My Lady Hammer, this is my Princess, Electa Evangeline Forger. She's my daughter from my first marriage. The lady of my life, my brightest and most beautiful star. She reminds me so much of her mother. So much."



Samuel's words once hurt like daggers across her throat. But time heals everything, or at least puts a patch over it and calls it a day. Any fool could see Samuel still loved the haunting memory of the one that came before. Not even four children, all male, could make him love her. A Queen's duty is to provide heirs. And destiny fulfilled, he abandoned the marriage bed, leaving her behind like a worn-down machine that overextended its usefulness.

She never was a match for the memory. She couldn't kill the memory.

Electa didn't help. Her dark skin and her wild hair and her almond eyes and her full lips made her the living image of the memory. None of her sons could compete with that. To Samuel, Electa was everything. He would name the dull girl his heir if he could.

"My sweet, this is the Earl of Aronport, Nathaniel Jethro Hammer, and his wife, the Lady Selah Hester Hammer. They'll be your family soon."

The girl shivered at her father's words, but the men either failed to notice or chose not to. The women, however, reacted to Electa's fear in different ways. Lady Selah smiled warmly as if trying to comfort the girl. She, however, remained stoic. Electa wasn't the first girl offered in marriage, and she certainly wouldn't be the last.

"But for fucks sake, what are we still doing out here? Let's go inside, meet your boy. A marriage needs a groom, after all."

The entire welcoming party laughed at Samuel's words, and some actually meant it. The Earl and his wife led the way, climbing the stairs into their newly remodeled manor. Samuel followed, then came his personal entourage, men from all over Makina whose sole purpose in life was tending to their King.

Electa, however, remained frozen and so did she. She didn't want to climb those stairs any more than Electa did, yet they both had to, eventually. They couldn't stand still forever, not with the rain pouring once more. Both of their entourages stayed as well, ladies who lunched and waited for their commands.

The girl hesitated, a timid question seemingly forming in the back of her throat. But the nerve eluded her, making her even more exasperating than usual. Why was she always so goddamned proper?

"Oh, for God's Mercy, spit it out, girl," she finally spoke, as if Electa was nothing more than a common servant. "What is it?"

"I... I don't want to get married," Electa's shaky voice finally came out of her mouth, eyes watering and body shaking. The rain now fell with more intensity and the women behind them sought refuge.

"No woman in Makina wants to get married, little girl. Besides, it's a tad late for complaints. Not that they were any good back home, but they'll do absolutely nothing here."

"I don't know what to do," Electa whispered and the girl's eyes finally met hers.

The two of them never shared a good relationship, despite both of their best efforts. Still, she could hardly remain numb to the girl's despair. Not she, who right now understood Electa better than anyone else in the world.

"Allow me to give you a piece of advice, little girl." She walked towards Electa, holding the girl's hands and giving her, for the first time in gears, a gentle smile. "Not as your stepmother, not as the Queen, but as a woman. Love no one but yourself. If you do not love yourself, you'll love someone else and you'll give them your full life. You'll fight to keep them happy and safe. You'll go out of your way to please them and you'll punish yourself if you fail. You'll disappoint them more than anyone else and they'll be far harder on you than anyone else. Love yourself, and you'll never shed a single tear in your life."

Her words did no good. She knew they wouldn't, she even knew Electa wouldn't listen to them, not now anyway. But the day would come, long after the wedding, perhaps after a child or two, when loneliness crept and lied beside her cold and withered body at night. Only then would the little girl remember this exact conversation, and the words would finally make sense.

"I don't know him," Electa sobbed, her eyes fixated upon the steps that would lead her to her future. "They say he's a womanizer."

"All men womanize."

"But they say he's a drunk and a fool."

"Better a fool than a savage."

Electa shook her head in denial but when she turned once more, she finally seemed defeated.

"But I don't love him."

For the first time, Estella Rose Lovegrove was out of words. She could lie to the girl and give her a false sense of hope, or she could be blunt and tell her the ugly truth.

"Maybe one day, if you're lucky, you will."

The woman and the little girl shared one last look, before finally turning to climb the steps. There was only so much time they could waste. As the sound of thunder roared over the city, Electa asked one final question, the only one that remained.

"What if he doesn't love me back?"

Estella smiled bitterly.

"Then, little girl, you'll have to love yourself."





A Training Session





"Again."

Tim spoke firm, commanding, almost rudely, but Eldon didn't mind. Even at his most serious, Tim was still... well, Tim. Besides, he paled in comparison to Don Osgood. The old man almost tortured them back when he taught them, so this was just a soft reminder of those brutal days. Eldon also knew his life depended on this training, literally. So if Timmy behaved this way, it was because he cared.

Still trying to get things back to the way they were, Eldon and Tim began spending more time together, finding more things about each other in the process. Eldon learned that Tim abandoned his dream of becoming a blimp captain to take over his father's factories, that he collected clocks of all shapes and sizes, and that he loved apple pie with vanilla ice cream on top. Tim, for his part, learned that Eldon sometimes taught a History class over at Slatehallow University, that he played the pianoforte out of boredom, and that he ate salty chips every night before bed.

Slowly but surely, the trust and complicity they once shared crept their way back into their bond. Some awkward moments occurred, though, like when Tim suffered an allergic reaction to the nuts he loved in his childhood days, but which he became allergic to in the gears since, and which Eldon inadvertently put on a salad. Another time, Tim accidentally sat on an antique chair in Eldon's flat, breaking it and causing Eldon to throw something close to a tantrum.

Still, they made it work. Far too many questions remained, but both reached an unspoken arrangement. They would ask them the day after the battle if such day indeed arrived. A morbid thought, but one that worked for them, especially because it allowed them to fully enjoy their time together. And if there was a time they truly enjoyed, it was at the heat of a training session.

Eldon repeated the combo. Punch, kick, kick, dodge, jump, kick. He felt confident in his ability but Tim's expression was less than impressed.

"Again."

"You know, maybe I'd do better if I actually had an enemy to practice on," Eldon said cheekily. He instantly regretted his playful tone but he couldn't help it.

He lived better alongside Tim. Nothing mattered other than the heat of battle, yet everything improved. Wind blew fresher, earth felt moister, even rhythms sounded more musical. And he laughed. Eldon always had a twisted sense of humour and Tim not only appreciated it but he also encouraged it. Soon, it became clear that Eldon was his happiest when he fought.

laughed. Why did he ever stop?

"Is that right? You really think you can handle me?" Tim imitated his tone with a mischievous smile.

"I've handled you before," Eldon laughed and stood in front of his silver-haired friend, assuming the fighting position.

"If I recall correctly, our fights always ended the same way," Tim mocked, mimicking him.

As they circled each other, Eldon shivered at the prospect of fighting against Timmy again. Their matches never lacked excitement or passion. They struggled and enjoyed every second, giving their utmost best to each other, leaving it all in the moment. And although Tim indeed always won, Eldon didn't mind losing to him.

"Maybe I always let you win," Eldon lied as his friend laughed out loud.

"Why? You liked me on top of you?"

"Darn, you figured it out. And I thought I did such a good job hiding my true intentions."

"Well, your wish is about to come true. Ready to feel me on top again?"

"Promises, promises."

Tim didn't waste any time. Before Eldon realized it, the man stood before him and he quickly raised his arms to stop the punch that came his way. Eldon jumped back and kicked Tim's head. His friend successfully blocked it and responded with another punch. This time, it hit Eldon's straight on the elbow, but he hardly felt it.



Tim threw one more punch. Eldon expected it. He deviated it with one hand and aimed for Tim's stomach with the other. The blow landed and the young man took a few steps back. A smile drew on both their faces and they jumped towards one another, locked in the heat of battle.

It was a dance. An embrace. A bonding of bodies and spirits. A link that was their own, privately, secretly. Intimately.

He tried training after Timmy left Ward, but he was unable to recapture the magic, the sheer fervor they shared. After a while, he simply gave up, surrendering the sentiment to the vaults of his mind. But now his body remembered every move as if awakening from a deep slumber. The rush he felt as a child overcame him again, encouraging him to fight, to move, to live, once more with feeling.

With each new punch he threw and each new blow he took, he became faster, lighter, stronger. Happier. More aware. More present. More willing. Flashes blazed across his eyes and eruptions blasted in his ears as an entire world came into being within him. Suddenly, he was complete, consummate, fulfilled. A vibrant, throbbing, overwhelming shade of red.

Tim jumped back and Eldon seized his chance. He did a round-off, just like in the alley, and landed on Tim's shoulders, trapping the silver-haired head between his thighs. His friend groaned loudly as he aimlessly staggered around the garden, trying to release himself from Eldon's hold. Suddenly and rather recklessly, Tim jumped back and the two of them landed on the grass, their backs crashing against it obstreperously.

Eldon yelled in pain as his entire body, including his legs, shook and burned intensely. Tim took advantage and quickly escaped from between his thighs. Barely taking time to recover, he jumped on top and trapped Eldon's hands under his knees. Sitting on top of him, Tim drew a wide and victorious grin and let out a few tired sighs. He then got so close to Eldon, that the tips of their noses almost touched.

"You got your wish. You must be in heaven right now."

"Heaven is not exactly the word I'd choose," Eldon replied, panting and barely capable of pronouncing the words. "You're a lot heavier than you used to be."

Indeed, Tim was quite large. Tall and muscular, his back was so wide it was all Eldon could see. The man's bright blue eyes glowed impishly, and as his weight began to settle on top, Eldon wondered how much longer he would resist.

"You give up?" Tim asked with an evil smile and Eldon roared in anger. "Come on Emmu, give up already. I'm quite heavy and you might faint."

Eldon wanted to have an ace up his sleeve, a way to surprise his friend by overpowering him somehow. Alas, it wasn't meant to be, and when his vision blurred, he knew it was time to yield. Tim immediately released him and Eldon welcomed air into his lungs once more. The silver man fell besides him, breathing heavy but assuredly and they laid there, looking at each other and grinning, feeling far more satisfied than ever before.

"You got a lot better," Tim flattered as he ruffled Eldon's hair.

"You should watch out. One of these days, I might be the one on top," Eldon said, panting as the adrenaline left his body.

"Who knows? Maybe I'll like it."

"Don Lever?" A voice coming from inside the house and they both got up to find Bram, Tim's butler, standing at the door and looking at them with a rather confused expression. "You have a visitor."

"I should leave you to your affairs," Eldon hurriedly said as he walked towards his bag.

"No please, stay," Timmy asked, eyes shining with longing. "This shouldn't take long."

"Actually, the visitor asked for the two of you," Bram brightly said and Tim frowned.

"What do you mean?" The young Don crossed his arms and assumed a darker, more commanding tone.

"The woman asked to see the two of you. She asked for you, Don Timothy, and for Master Eldon Emmanuel Elmstone," the butler replied, confused at his boss' change of attitude.

"Did you mention Eldon was here?" Tim inquired again and even Eldon shuddered at his authority.

"I did not, Don, she seemed to know it already. Shall I tell her to return later?"

Tim's eyes, now cold and inquisitive, turned to Eldon, who was just as confused as he was. He told no one about his friendship with Tim, not his friends at the Museum or even Harvey. After all, having a friend with whom he shared dreams about his impending death was something Eldon thought should remain a private matter.

He shrugged and a sudden chill traveled down his spine. Tim meditated for a while, before commanding his butler.

"We'll meet her now. Take her to the library, please."

The butler gave a short nod of obedience before disappearing inside the house again, leaving them alone once more.

"Did you mention our date to anyone?" Tim asked and Eldon shook his head.

"I mentioned our training to no one, not even Harvey."

"Who's Harvey?"

"My boyfriend."

Silence. A rather uncomfortable one. Their love lives remained a mostly mysterious subject so far, one of those things to discuss after the battle. Now, it arrived in the most inconvenient way possible, and Eldon couldn't think of a worse time to bring it up.

The heat of battle abandoned his body a few seconds back, but a new one now made its way towards his face, turning him into a small and rather clumsy boiler. His hands got wet and the desire to sink his teeth into his nails became stronger than ever. Empty words juggled inside his head and when Tim showed no sign of conversation, he decided to get eradicate the absence of sound.

"I told you about him," he finally said but Tim remained unimpressed.

"No, you said ' not really' when I asked you. You said it was complicated."

not really' Tim raised his eyebrows in surprise and Eldon felt close to overheating. His own reaction shocked him. He wasn't the kind to get embarrassed about anything, much less a relationship. Yet there he stood, red as a beet, stupidly trying to justify his love choices. Why should he? He did nothing wrong. Shame turned to anger in mere seconds.

justify "Well, I have a boyfriend, so what? You have a girlfriend."

"Ama is not my girlfriend." Tim loudly cleared his throat. "Anyway, that's not important right now. Might someone else followed you?"

"Possibly. But why?"

"Someone's trying to kill you, or will try to kill you, we don't know yet. But we have to be careful and treat everything with suspicion, at least until we know what we're up against."

"Very well. I say we go and see what this is about. After all, if this woman wanted us dead, she wouldn't have sent the butler."

"Okay, but we should probably wash first. We do stink."

"Speak for yourself."

Tim rolled his eyes at him.





A Lady of Great Importance





Wearing new clothes, Eldon and Tim walked to the library in silence. Both anxious, more than they cared to admit, they remained calm as they opened the wooden sliding doors.

The room's left and right walls hid behind a wide collection of ancient-looking books. Fragile and secretive, they seemed dormant still and Eldon wondered if Tim had ever read one, let alone all of them. A crackling fire burned in between two long windows that led into the garden where they trained. On top of it, the crest of arms of the Lemuel family, a red fox running through a field of silver that Don Anthony created himself, crowned the entire scene.

The woman inside the room cast a large shadow. Almost as tall as Eldon, she wore a tight brown corset over a plain white shirt and a full black skirt that seemed far too heavy to be comfortable. A bowler hat rested on the small table by her side, allowing a drizzle of long and flowy pink hair to graciously fall on her back. Her delicate features reacted with enthusiasm as she locked eyes with them. However, when she opened her mouth, she adopted a commanding tone like the one Timmy used with Bram.

"At last! It is bad manners to keep a guest waiting," she said, walking towards a chair near the fireplace and sitting on it, crossing her legs and tapping her foot to the rhythm of her own restlessness.

"Excuse me?" Tim huffed, eyebrows so raised they almost touched his hairline.

"Why would I? I can easily forgive your transgression," the woman replied, absently gesturing his words away with her hand.

"Who the hell are you?" Tim slammed the door, startling both Eldon and the woman.

She took a quick look at the silver young man, taken aback by his reaction. Then, puffing and rolling her eyes, she got up and walked towards them, hands on her waist and a defiant look on her face. She assessed them from top to bottom, expressionless throughout. Silenced poured from her every pore, sinking the room in near-total stillness.

"I," she spoke at last while walking towards the floor-to-ceiling windows, "am a lady of great importance for you two. That is if you intend to win the battle to come. I am not certain how much time we have but my guess is about six weeks."

Eldon and Tim exchanged troubled looks and they instinctively clenched their fists. The woman, with her big dress and haughty, upper-class behaviour, looked far from menacing. Yet her commanding and steely demeanour failed to match the silk-covered surface, creating a puzzling and unnerving clash of logic.

Eldon squinted, grinding his teeth without even realizing it. Her cryptic words now covered his thoughts, becoming his entire world for the moment. She clearly said the battle to come . Could she mean what he thought she meant?

the battle to come "Your words remain a mystery to us, miss..." Eldon began but she interrupted him.

" Marquise ," she viciously corrected, throwing a judgmental look his way. "Marquise Arabella Phoebe Sparks, of Millingford."

Marquise An overtly-elaborate curtsy followed her introduction, which Tim answered with a short and forced bow that Eldon awkwardly mimicked. Despite coming from money, he spent next to no time in court and never fully understood or felt comfortable with aristocratic customs.

"Marquise, do forgive our coarse attitude," Tim employes a moderate but clearly insincere tone. "Your visit seems to serve a purpose. Might you be so kind as to explain it?"

The Marquise frowned, her pointy face buried under the shadow of dread.

"Explain it?" She shook her head, eyes lowered to the floor as she paced around the room, mumbling to herself. "I suppose it is logical. I, unlike you, grew up alongside my Master. I understand yours died when you were still quite young. My deepest condolences."



Eldon pursed his lips. "You mean Don Osgood? He was as much a Master as I'm a Duke."

"You are far too common to be a Duke, dear. As for Don Osgood, he was a Master in all but title," she said, still going from one corner to the other. "He did manage to teach you some things before his death, did he not? I assume he focused on the physical, though. It is my understanding that you excel as fighters."

"Who told you that?" Tim crossed his arms and stood his ground, literally challenging the woman.

"My Master," she simply replied, finally stopping her little trip through the room. "She used to exchange letters with yours. To protect themselves, and us, they limited the information they shared. It took my Master a long time to discover he died. She always regretted not saying goodbye to him."

"Who's your Master?" Tim demanded to know, making it clear how much he hardened over the years. In his youth, wealth made him a kind, albeit spoiled child prompt to throwing tantrums. Now, the sole Don of a wealthy family, kindness still lived in him, but he traded overindulgence for dominance and his shadow loomed larger than ever.

"Master Petronilla Eugenia Massey," the Marquise answered, clearly making a great effort to keep her patience.

"The engineer?" Eldon beat Tim to the question and the Marquise enthusiastically nodded. "So, you're an Engineer too?"

"God, no. Me, an Engineer? Could you imagine?" The Marquise unforgivingly laughed at the notion and Eldon couldn't help but take it personally. "No, her tutelage was engineering-free, just like yours. I mean, Don Osgood traded things for a living, did he not? Did you never ask yourselves why a merchant taught two young boys how to fight?"

Eldon and Tim exchanged looks. As children, they sometimes wondered why they were the sole apprentices in the fighting lessons. But being two unassuming six-gear-olds, they simply thought it was a game of sorts. Time passed, and despite their tough and dangerous nature, the sessions became their new normal and all doubts slowly disappeared from their minds.

"You were not curious children, I see."

"Right, because you're the living embodiment of adventurous recklessness," Eldon shot back, but the Marquise seemed to take no offense at his words. On the contrary, her face slightly softened, as if impressed by his defiance.

"Looks can be deceitful, but I suppose you are right, I was not. I did not have to be."

"Your Master knew Don Osgood, then?" Tim intervened, eager to get back to the point.

"They both belonged to the same organization. They shared a mission, just like we share a dream." She signaled the three of them and looked at Eldon and Tim as if expecting them to know what she meant. They remained silent and she directed her eyes to the ceiling as if begging some higher power for more patience. "Did you forget or did you simply not learn it at all? We share a dream of machines, boys. Except it is no dream, but a moment waiting to happen."

We Eldon shivered at those words but his defenses rapidly went back up. "You mean they're a premonition? Are we prophets now? Should we take to the streets with a 'The End is Nigh' sign and a bell?"

She brushed her temples with two fingers. "Not a premonition but a memory."

"Wait, that doesn't make any sense," Tim intervened, shaking his head furiously. "How can it be a moment waiting to happen if it's something that already happened?"

This time, the Marquise drew a wide and somewhat eerie smile. "Is that not a proper question? Answers, however, prove far more elusive. Time is a funny thing. Any moment will eventually be past, even the ones waiting to happen."



"Speak clearly," Tim demanded and the Marquise finally reached her limit.

"May I remind you that you are nothing more than a Don? A rich Don, I suppose, but a Don nonetheless. You should keep that in mind when addressing me."

The silver man's nostrils flared so widely that Eldon thought he saw their insides. Heat climbed to his face as his eyes set on the Marquise, aiming to kill. On the month they shared since Tim's arrival to Slatehallow, Eldon realized that his friend, like him, was no sense and all sensibility. And even though the young Don tried his darnedest to keep his composure, there were times when even he struggled to control his emotions.

Tim's fists adopted a rather unsettling shade of red and his chest tightened as if anger prevented air from entering his lungs. His common sense prevailed, however, and after taking three long sighs, he gave her a short nod and apologized to the Marquise.

Satisfied with Tim's response, she continued. "Very well. Now, we must prepare for the machine's attack on Aronport..."

All trace of anger abandoned Tim's face and confusion took its place.

"What do you mean Aronport ?" Tim asked, this time using an extremely delicate tone.

Aronport Eldon stumbled upon his own words. "What did you see in this dream of yours, Marquise?"

"I saw the three of us, of course, fighting side by side against the machine, as we are meant to. But the stupid expression on your faces tells me that your dream is, perhaps, different than mine."

"Aronport, you said? Are you certain the battle takes place in Aronport?"

"Yes, Don Timothy, quite certain. Why do you ask?" Her eyes went from Tim to Eldon, inquisitively, as if trying to guess their thoughts. "You had the dream, I am sure of it. Something must be different, then. A different location, perhaps? Are there no Royders?"

"Ironport," Eldon finally spoke, rubbing the back of his neck to try and relieve some of the tension. "I'm in Ironport in my dream, and I'm alone."

The Marquise looked positively insulted. "What do you mean alone ? Have you not seen Don Timothy or me? The nerve."

alone She then turned to Tim, who took an involuntary step back at the sight of her contorted expression.

"I see Em... Eldon fighting the bird...the machine is a bird in our dream. And I do join him in the battle but..." Tim stopped talking, perhaps considering the best words to use. "It's just the two of us, Eldon and I, in my dream. You're not there, either."

The Marquise's jaw fell to the floor, trembling lightly, certainly balancing furious insults with confused inquiries. Just as she prepared to launch her sharp words, a knock on the door made all three turn towards Bram. The butler held a tray with a pot and three cups. He silently poured the tea and offered them a cup, before leaving the room after Tim thanked him and asked him not to further disturb them.

The Marquise begrudgingly picked up the teacup and her expression immediately changed once she caught a whiff of the beverage.

"This is some good tea," the Marquise happily declared, taking a small sip. "Green leaf?"

"Oolong," Tim replied.

"We do not have Oolong in Millingford. Delicious," she flattered.

"It really is," Tim agreed.

"This really is some life-altering tea. By all means, do carry on." Eldon acerbically interrupted and the Marquise slightly blushed.

"Oh yes, yes, sorry. Do forgive my previous reaction, you just took me by surprise. We must not look too much into these discrepancies. I suppose they are logical, after all."



"How so?" Eldon asked, the unpleasant taste of the tea still in his mouth.

"The future is not a defined path, Master Eldon. Your life is sure to end but the way you live can change the way you die. But no matter what, you will die. For now, we are certain that a battle is coming but the circumstances surrounding it are still uncertain."

"Why are we dreaming this? There's got to be a reason. Why the three of us, why now?"

Eldon wasn't sure he wanted to know the answer to Tim's questions. After all, was it really so bad to live in blissful ignorance? Lots of people did it, why shouldn't they? The Marquise, however, clearly thought differently.

"We have a purpose in this life, Don Timothy," she said. "We are meant to fight this machine and those who control it. Still, it is not for me to answer your questions, and even if I did, chances are you would not believe me. It is best that you discover these answers by yourselves, and you will. But for you to believe, you need to understand and see with your own eyes. Worry not, that Master Nilla and I will do everything in our power to clear your doubts. For now, I need you to come with me."

"Where to?" Eldon asked as the Marquise poured herself more tea.

"Ravenport. Master Nilla and I believe the enemy has a strong presence there. Now that you mention that your dream takes place in Ironport, it makes more sense, considering the closeness between the two cities. She waits for us at one of my houses. Everything is set for your arrival but we do need your help with the preparations for the battle. Master Nilla and her husband are excellent engineers, but they could use a couple of extra hands with the blimp's construction."

Upon hearing the word blimp , Eldon knew the argument reached its conclusion. He turned to find Tim's face lit up with excitement by the prospect of participating in such an endeavour.

blimp "We can't very well leave everything behind and go with a stranger to Raven-fucking-port of all places," Eldon said, standing up and walking away from them. "Besides, how do we know you're actually here to help us? What if you're part of the enemy? You can be the one controlling the bloody bird, for all we know!"

"Let us think for a moment that I am indeed the enemy. What is the worst that can happen? You come with me and you die. You were going to die fighting the bird, per your own dream. Nothing really changes, does it? However, if on the contrary I am telling the truth and I am actually your friend, you get two powerful allies. A Marquise with lots of influence and a Master who can further train you and help you increase your abilities. And you get the answers you so desire. It does not sound so bad, does it?"

Fire cracked on the chimney, the sole sound disturbing an otherwise lull room. Deep in his own thoughts, Eldon refused to admit the genuine appeal of the Marquise's offer. So far, Eldon and Tim treaded blindly down a road where new twists and turns prevented them from following a straight line. Now, a guide came along to possibly lead them out of the maze.

The proposal looked enticing enough, especially from his point of view. Several seconds passed before Tim approached him, whispering in his ear.

"Listen, she's got a point. She's a Marquise, she has influence over the Guild of Engineers. Perhaps we can use her to discover who's behind the construction of the bird. A creature like that must require a lot of hands. Maybe we can even stop it from being constructed at all." Eldon was ready to fight back, but Tim grabbed him by the arms, taking control. "I'm not asking you to believe in her. Hell, I don't believe in her myself. But we need all the help we can get, Emmu, and we'd be fucking idiots if we wasted an opportunity like this."

Eldon didn't immediately answer. Instead, he stopped and considered their options. Ignoring the Ooohs and Mmms that came out of the Marquise's mouth as she resumed her tea-drinking, Eldon wondered. How many more shared the dream? Was it possible for it to truly be a memory from a future past? And would this overwhelming Marquise be friend or foe?

Ooohs Mmms Eldon sighed, defeated. A lady of great importance like her wouldn't be involved in any shady business, would she?

"You just want to see that blimp," he finally said and Tim gave him a very toothy smile.

"Perhaps."

"Then there is nothing left to discuss." The Marquise got up and walked towards them, offering her hand to shake.

Eldon hesitated for a moment before finally complying. After all, if she killed them, he could at least gloat in the afterlife about being offed by a Marquise.

"Well, oil me up and start my engine. Why the fuck not?" Eldon let go of her hand. "I do have one question I would like the answer to. You asked if there were Royders in our dreams. Don Osgood used to mention them too. What are they?"

Royders A shy smile touched the corners of the Marquise's lips as she walked back to her precious Oolong. "Believe me, Master Eldon, you will know when you see them. And when you do, you will wish you never had."





A Firefly on the Windscreen





They flew right beneath the clouds, slow but steadily traversing the open country. The engine let out a loud crack, releasing a puff of steam that hovered for a few seconds before morphing with the clouds above. The sound of the blimp's heavy wings rhymed with each breath the night took, softly cutting through the darkness as it carried them far away from the familiarity of Slatehallow and into the uncertainty of Ravenport.

Eldon laid against the enormous windscreen, marvelling at the view ahead of him. Nothing but open space. Not a single soul in sight. A meandering river ran across the field, dividing it and travelling all the way north, where it disappeared beneath the golden goliaths ahead.

The Breathing Mountains, Makina's natural lungs, supposedly housing the largest collection of flora and fauna on the planet. Eldon didn't doubt it. One look at the vastness ahead was enough to understand one's own insignificance. How could anyone possibly behold such magnificence and even dare diminish it?

Traversing the mountains could take up to forty days by foot, nature's way of enjoying itself. Now, and thanks to the Marquise's flying machine, they'd do it in a matter of minutes.

If Eldon admired the sight beneath him, then Tim marvelled at the one before him. Tim, the Blimp, that's what they used to call him at Ward. An appropriate nickname, considering he loved the machines since infancy. He wanted to pilot them for a living but Don Anthony had other plans for him.

Tim fulfilled his duty to the Levers, of course, abandoning his dreams of piracy and adventure and becoming the Don his father wanted him to be. But as he played with the control panel, delighting in every single button and pedal, Eldon could clearly see Tim's love for the machines survived still.

Pulling his eyes away from his friend and focusing on the night sky, Eldon wondered how their adventure would end. He just abandoned his entire life in Slatehallow and didn't even care. Knowing he could very well be dead in a matter of weeks, he accepted his boss's decision to fire him from the Museum, after he, overnight, asked for a four-week leave of absence.

His relationship with Harvey ended long before Tim's arrival, so when Eldon told his lover he'd leave Slatehallow, an unsurprisingly cool and perhaps even relieved Harvey accepted his decision. Overall, and having no deep attachments to anything in the Hallow, Eldon was able to leave at a moment's notice. Tim, however, had no such privilege.

The Don of the Lever family, Tim had far more responsibilities than Eldon. He rushed back to Vanderport to settle his affairs and leave his factory in the hands of his most capable foreman. The Marquise stayed behind with Eldon, a week in which they so not much of each other, before finally leaving Slatehallow together. They flew for a day before landing on Coalwood to reunite with Tim.

Now, four days into the journey, mere hours separated them from Ravenport. There, they would meet the Marquise's Master, Petronilla Eugenia Massey, the famous engineer. They'd train as hard as possible for four or five weeks while trying to confirm the Marquise's suspicions about the enemy's presence in Ravenport. Tim would also actively aid in the construction of the blimp, their ultimate weapon against the bird. Eldon, for his part, would look for answers in the Marquise's private library.

"Emmu, come and see this." Tim's bright voice took him out of his thoughts. Heading towards his excited friend, he listened to a bunch of words he failed to understand, like valve , rudder, and stabilizer . Eldon simply smiled and nodded, more entertained by Tim's endearing speech than by the inner workings of the machine. "So you see, this blimp has four wings, even though it doesn't really need them. But they actually work! That's why it flies with such speed! It has TWO different flying systems! Isn't that fantastic?"

valve rudder, stabilizer

"It really is," Eldon replied, amused by his friend's passion. Tim used his hands to describe his words, drawing ideas in the air. He talked like he used to when they were children when he showed Eldon the diagrams he sketched on the paper on which he was supposed to write some essay for Don Osgood.

Tim, the Blimp, alright.

Tim, the Blimp, alright. "I've gone a bit overboard, haven't I?" Tim slightly blushed but Eldon shook his head.

"I like you like this. You look happy. I think we should take all the moments of happiness we get, especially now."

"Hey, you're going soft on me?" Tim stood and approached, sea-blue eyes twinkling with some unique and mystifying glow. A Tim glow. "This won't be the end. In fact, we'll make a promise. Once this is done and the battle is won, we'll do what we want. I'll leave my father's factory, buy a blimp and take you flying on it. We'll travel the entire world. I'll be the captain, you'll be the tour guide. Deal?"

Eldon simply smiled. What else was there to say to such an invitation? It sounded wonderful, perfect actually, too perfect perhaps. But Eldon chose to believe in it, in a world of blimps and complicity, of beating hearts and flying minds, of passion and adventure.

"Will you wear a captain's hat?" he asked, playfully, getting lost in the glow of an abstract promise.

"The biggest one."

"It's a deal, then."

Eldon appreciated moments like this and often wondered how many remained for the two of them. The Marquise's sudden arrival introduced a new dynamic, one where Eldon often found himself feeling out of place. Once the pink-haired woman and Tim worked past their initial animosity, they got along famously. Now, Eldon couldn't deny his jealousy, the distaste he harboured against the corseted invader.

He understood, though. Arabella was beautiful, determined, and wealthy. Marrying a Marquise would also elevate Tim's status considerably. And while Marquises didn't usually marry Dons, this particular Don was handsome, clever, and rich. Crazier things happened every day.

I'm getting ahead of myself , Eldon thought, trying to blow such unpleasant thoughts away. Besides, no matter how displeased he was, there was nothing he could do. He didn't own Tim.

I'm getting ahead of myself "Emmu?"

Tim's voice once again drew him out from the deepest corners of his mind, and Eldon turned to him, a confused looked on his face. "What?"

"Everything okay?"

He quickly improvised. "Yes, great. Just thinking about Ravenport. Remember how we used to say we'd move there when we left Ward?"

Tim laughed at the very notion. "Because of the giant ice creams. I had one once, you know? After I moved to Vanderport. Father went to Ravenport on business and took me along with him, to learn the trade. I couldn't care less about his business, I wanted to go and have one of those ice creams so that I could tell you all about it."

"You did. You wrote to me and said it was the most delicious thing you ever tasted. You had a scoop of banana and one of chocolate. I remember feeling so jealous. All I wanted was to leave everything behind, travel to Ravenport, and have some ice cream with you."

"I lied." Tim's smile somewhat dimmed, the shadow of bitterness now crossing his face. "About the ice cream. It tasted like shit. It was gooey and gross and melted almost immediately. But I couldn't bear to tell you. It was something we both wanted so much, for so long, that I just couldn't destroy that for you. For us. So I didn't eat it."

"You didn't?"

"No. I threw it away and decided that one day, I'd return with you and I'd eat another one and that one would be great. It'd be the greatest one ever."



Eldon became mute. He remembered that letter. After reading it, he realized that Tim had moved on with his life, He was travelling and eating ice creams, making his dreams come true. So, competitive as always, Eldon decided he wouldn't stay behind. He went out and forced himself to make at least two new friends so that he too would have something interesting to write about the next time he sent a letter.

And he did. He made not two or three, but a whole group of new friends, and he filled his next letter with anecdotes about his new adventures with them. After that, the letters between them became fewer, less frequent, until one day they stopped altogether.

Eldon felt the question forming on the back of his throat and he wondered if this would be the right time to ask it. Even if he didn't want to, the words moved fast, travelling through his mouth and past his lips to fly into the space between them.

He heard himself speaking. "Why did you stop writing?"

A clear enough question, yet the answer eluded simplicity. Fourteen gears of silence and mystery, of doubt and regret, were packed into those five words, unspoken so far out of fear of the emotions they would spark.

"I... I felt it was necessary." Tim rocked his body and cleared his throat as if trying to reorganize words that got stuck on their way out. Yet, his speech seemed prepared, calculated, aching to be released. "You seemed so happy in your letters, so lively, full of friends. At Ward, you and I were always together, there seemed to be no room for anyone else. I didn't really want there to be anyone else, in all honesty. You and I were enough. So when I read of your new life at Stimon, and all the great friends you made, I thought maybe I was the one holding you back. You moved on. So did I."

"So you did."

Seconds became hours. Tim's gaze remained upon him, but the man clearly wanted to look away. Eldon too wasn't exactly sure he wanted to be present. But he froze. His breathing laboured. his eyes blinked because they didn't know what else to do, and his upper lip twitched at the rhythm of his heartbeats.

Why did he feel like this with Tim? An exposed nerve at the mercy of silver and blue. He wore layer after layer, yet his body felt vulnerable, tender, a sitting duck for any lost arrow. And Tim's eyes were bows, aiming directly at him.

He suddenly realized his hands were heavy. They held the story that he inadvertently kept writing, even after it apparently ended. Except it hadn't. There he stood, the protagonist of an unfinished tale, the hero of the one-sided affair. The story kept going, but who owned it? Who lived it? How on earth could he finish it when he couldn't even come to terms with it?

"I didn't really want there to be anyone else, either. Not back then. Not now."

Eldon heard himself. This time, he had to turn away from the man's blue eyes. They burnt. They cut. They weren't the sea, they were hellfire and they threatened to consume him if he stared at them a minute longer. Moments like that made life confusing, unnerving, terrifying. But they also made it exciting, unpredictable, unexpected. Like a dream.

had Moments waiting to happen, indeed.

Moments waiting to happen, indeed. Eldon forced himself to face Tim again and they both remained silent, thinking of the precise words to say, the ones that would best fit the moment.

A prisoner of his mind, he almost missed the unmistakable sound of cracking glass. The sudden and light breeze that took over the inside of the gondola effectively ended their instant and a new one began. Tim noticed it first. His eyes widened when they turned to the front of the blimp, finding something there. Eldon mimicked him and he immediately regretted it.

In front of them, pressed against the windscreen, was a man. Dressed all in black, wearing a helmet, goggles, and a mouth cover, he struggled to stay against the glass, which continued to crack under the man's weight. From his back, two long, malfunctioning mechanical wings emerged, giving him the appearance of a dying firefly. For a moment, Eldon kid himself into thinking maybe it was one.



But that was definitely a man, one whose fist now punched the crystal. Tim ran to the control panel and pressed a blue and round button that soaked the windscreen in soapy water. The man slipped, his hands desperately trying to find something to hold onto. Then, remembering his advantage, he pulled a small string and the wings came to life. Now flying, the man kicked and cracked the glass, allowing more wind inside the gondola.

As Tim pressed more buttons in the panel, trying to prevent the windscreen from collapsing entirely, a loud blow startled Eldon. Turning to his left, he saw another flying menace. This one wore a sleeveless shirt and his wings were bigger, fancier, like those he saw in the bird from his dreams.

Instinctively, Eldon took a step back and raised his arms to cover his face when the mechanical wings crashed against the side window. Sharp droplets showered them and amidst the chaos, Eldon froze at the sight of his attacker.

He had never seen such a man before.

Hanging from his sides, unnaturally huge arms swayed with menace. His veins were also quite visible, engorged, and very much...alive. As if the blood rushing through them proved far too wild to be contained, they moved, they ticked, they jumped, ready to explode at a moment's notice. But most disturbingly, they weren't green like all other veins, but blue. A very dark blue.

Stepping back, Eldon felt the fury of the storm and understood there no longer was a windscreen. From inside the door that led to the chambers, the Marquise appeared, attracted, no doubt, by the loud ruckus. Her eyes found the men and her face immediately heated up.

"Those, Master Eldon, are Royders," she said, walking towards the middle of the gondola, where Eldon and Tim met her.

"What the fuck is wrong with their veins?" Tim asked as the two men approached.

"Fighting first, questions second."

With a swift movement, the Marquise removed her wide and impractical skirt, revealing a pair of leather pants underneath. She pulled her hair up with the metal bracelet she usually wore and immediately launched against the man in front of her. Surprised, Eldon and Tim remained immobile for a matter of seconds before forcing themselves to join the fight, as two, three, four new men entered the gondola.

Eldon's knee met a face and warm blood spilt on the floor. He wasn't so lucky with his next foe. His punch crashed against the man's mechanical wings. Sharp and unforgiving pain took over his arm, cramming it. His hand shook, the skin between his knuckles now exposed and bleeding. He held back a scream just in time to evade the wing headed straight for his head. He responded with a high kick that landed on the man's temple. More blood on the floor.

Eldon tore the sleeves off his shirt and wrapped them around his hands, protecting his knuckles against the steely wings. Then he threw himself back into the heat of battle.

He never fought so many enemies at once. His training partner was always Tim, and the three men in the alley barely made one decent opponent. But these men were trained, disciplined. Their attacks came out perfectly, coordinated, simultaneous. And they were strong. Their punches felt heavy as if their fists were metal rather than skin and bones.

Still, Eldon gave as good as he took. And he was really taking a lot. Blow after blow landed on his stomach, face, legs, arms. Every inch of his skin became fair game. Suddenly he felt nauseous. Blood mixed with sweat and the meatloaf he had for lunch was a strange taste indeed.

More air entered the room by the second, and Eldon found it hard to breathe and fight at the same time. Eyes watering and ears roaring, he found himself in a corner as two men, one of them the Royder with the very visible and disgusting veins, closed on him. Eldon nimbly evaded two destructive attacks from the slow but heavy men. He docked and aimed for a pair of legs. Rising again, he blocked a pair of fists.

Eldon's legs were always stronger. He kicked the Royder with the blue veins and put his foot on the man's throat, choking him. Quickly, he turned to continue his fight with the other attacker. He did his best to deviate not only the man's knuckles but also his deadly wings. The foe, however, proved resistant. After a few seconds, Eldon's hold over the Royder's throat weakened.

"EMMU!"

Tim's roar made him turn to find a large wrench flying his way. He had to release the Royder's throat to catch it. It was worth it. Armed and prepared, he turned to the veiny and breathing-impaired Royder and battered. Wings first, head second.

The second attacker, the resistant one, fought with both fists and wings. Eldon barely kept up. However, after landing a blow on the man's left wing, he saw an opening and took it. Eldon struck him square in the face with the full might of the wrench.

Blood splattered his face but victory came at last.

"Fucking God, the smell," Eldon complained, trying hard not to gag.

The foul gore on his face felt warm and oily. Far too heavy to slide rapidly, it instead made its way across Eldon's nose and into his lips, where it mixed with his own blood. His hands tried to wipe it away, but they only made things worse and Eldon fought the desire to throw up when he realized the man's blood, like his veins, was a very blackish blue.

A thunderous boom and a violent tremor made Eldon's heart skip a beat. Through one of the windows that remained intact, he saw the blimp's broken wings struggling to support the weight of the large flying machine. Another brutal shake made the blimp tilt to the left as it began its forced descent into the ground.

"TIM!" Eldon crossed the increasingly steep space and reached his silver-haired friend.

He tackled one of Tim's two attackers and whipped the man's head against the floor. Then, he rose to take the other one from Tim's hands. His friend reacted quickly and ran to the control panel, trying to stabilize the blimp. However, through the corner of his eyes, Eldon saw a cloud of smoke coming from the panel and the unmistakable smell of burning wires filled the air. All of a sudden, it became clear there wasn't much Tim could do.

"To the back!" The Marquise screamed.

Eldon quickly jumped towards the last man standing. He kneeled the man's chest and plunged along with him. The foe's goggles and mouth cover fell off, revealing a pair of pitch-black eyes and a purple tongue that flickered and wagged, a fleshy serpent looking to bite. Suddenly, the Royder screamed and a rain of blue ooze came out of his mouth and into Eldon's face.

"FUCK A COG!"

Screaming in pure and natural rage, Eldon reached for the wrench and hit the man straight on the face, preventing another blue ooze shower.

Now, Tim stood next to him and helped, or rather picked him up, grabbing his hand and running towards the open door where the Marquise waited for them. Staggering along with the blimp, they traversed a narrow but short corridor that ultimately led to a black door, right at the end of the gondola. As the blimp's swinging worsened, Eldon thanked God for the lack of windows. The last thing he needed was to see the ground and the river coming closer and closer. Feeling it was bad enough.

With the threat of launching lunch more real than ever, Eldon entered the small and circular room and sat on the chair in the middle. The walls were low and filled with buttons that Tim started to press in a rather chaotic way.

"Please tell me you know how to pilot this thing," the Marquise begged with a shaky voice.

"I know how to pilot this thing," Tim replied, clearly telling her what she wanted to hear.

Eldon and the Marquise exchanged worried looks as Tim ignited the engine of the small escape pod. The tiny ship vibrated uncontrollably and the heat inside rose rapidly as the detachment process began. With a small explosion, the pod finally separated from the falling blimp. They floated again, as the large machine continued its free-fall towards the open field below.

A loud crash, followed by an explosion of fire and steam lit the entire night. The blimp reached the ground, shaking the earth and maybe even the Breathing Mountains. But none dared turn. They didn't need to see the wreck they left behind.

Instead, they nailed their eyes to the mountains ahead, the same ones they would disappear into only seconds later.





A Toy to Play with





Estella Rose Lovegrove sat on her husband's throne, watching as he walked around the crowd, drinking, hugging and even kissing all who crossed his path. Samuel always loved being the centre of attention. As king of Makina, he was. Yet, over the gears, his love and need for adulation turned court into a parade of sycophants and hypocrites, a place in which it became increasingly hard to breathe in.

Already on her fifth glass of wine, Estella felt warm and light-headed. Yet, she gulped it as it was grape juice. To her, maybe it was. She never enjoyed the taste of wine, she preferred jenever. An atypical drink for a queen, it had no place in court. Estella had two choices, then: wine or nothing. As the gears went by, she found herself in need of alcohol to get through her days. And so she drank what they had, what they served her, as she always did. As she always would.

The servant beside her, already used to her heavy drinking, didn't even wait to be asked and poured her a sixth glass. With a gentle smile, perhaps her only sincere one, she thanked the man, her ally for the night, the one that would get her through that party with some of her sanity still intact. As it turned out, she felt a kinship to the servant. For a moment, she even loved him and she internally laughed and how pathetic that was.

Two figures made their way through the sea of people in the room and she didn't recognize them until they bowed before her.

"My Queen," said the Baron Lurcock, an old and promiscuous man famous for his depravity and shamelessness. "What an honour to attend this most prestigious event. I understand both you and His Majesty just returned from Aronport."

"Indeed, last week. We were there for quite a while, for Electa's engagement party," Estella replied, words tripping on their way out of her mouth. "You brought a companion. A different companion."

different Her eyes travelled to the woman beside the Baron. Their gazes met and the woman's heart-shaped face tightened into a toothy smile. She curtsied and rose to meet Estella again, hands clasped together, chest inflated, innocence intact.

"Your Grace, I cannot begin to tell you what an honour it is..."

"Yes, yes, a pleasure, I'm sure," Estella interrupted her. She had no tolerance for buffoonery. "This one is a bit younger than the previous one, isn't she?"

The woman's smile faded and she turned to the Baron, searching for help. The man, however, didn't notice the negative undertones of the comment and absently replied.

"A tad, Your Grace, but I want to experience the joys of fatherhood again and we all know childbearing is a young woman's game."

The woman, whose name remained a secret, smiled again, this time shy and uncomfortably. Estella turned to her ally. Without further instruction, the man passed a new glass of wine to her, which she, in turn, gave to the woman.

"Here, my dear. Take this. You'll need it."

The woman stayed still and turned to the Baron once more. He no longer paid attention to them and now waved at someone in the crowd.

"I don't want it," she politely declined but Estella insisted.

"Oh yes, you do. Take it. Take it!"

With every hair on her arms stood up, the woman complied. She curtsied again before she and the Baron entered the party once more. Estella's eyes followed them until they faded in the crowd. Fortunately, she found another thing, a better thing. A toy to play with.

"You, boy," she called the nearest servant. "Go and fetch that girl for me. The one with big hair and dark skin, right there. Go."

The servant rushed to the crowd, reaching the girl and telling her to go meet her Queen. The moment the girl turned and saw Estella on the throne, her face turned white and her body went livid. It was quite the show, actually. After the servant repeated the order, the girl nodded and walked towards the throne, slowly, as if she didn't want to reach it. She finally did, and after showing her respects, she mumbled a weak My Queen that barely even registered.

My Queen

"You, bring a chair." The servant obeyed. "Sit." The girl complied, also accepting the glass of wine Estella handed to her. She drank in silence, eyes on the floor, clearly wanting to be anywhere but there. "You were one of Princess Electa's ladies, weren't you?"

"I was, Your Grace."

"But Princess Electa is not here anymore, is she?"

"She is not, Your Grace?"

"So why are you still here?"

you The girl shuddered at those words and Estella enjoyed the struggle in that pretty, youthful face. Full, luscious lips quivering, jaw going up and down, teeth biting whatever skin they found. The girl toyed with the glass in her hands, eyes fixated on the barely untouched wine. Still, when she spoke, she did it in a rather contained way.

"I am a member of the royal family, Your Grace. Leverfort is my home."

"No, Leverfort is the King and Queen's home. My home," Estella replied, poison pouring from her lips. "Your home is far away, with your father, the King's former brother-in-law. This will never be your home. So, I ask again. Why are you here?"

My you The girl's foot now furiously tapped against the floor, making her wide skirt shake with unexpected rhythm. She seemed in the middle of a fight against herself for the right words to answer. She opened her mouth, only to close it again, speech failing to materialize. It was a losing game. Whatever the girl said, Estella would contradict and would relish doing it. That girl, that toy, would pleasure her more than Samuel ever had.

"I am here..." the girl spoke, after taking a deep breath, but Estella had enough.

"Oh, shut up, you stupid girl, I know why you're here. Everyone in here knows why you're here. They have eyes, they can see you. They see what the King sees in you. I see it too." Indeed, the girl, like Electa, was strikingly similar to the ghost that inhabited Samuel's heart, the ghost that turned his marriage to Estella into a nightmare. "There's nothing harder to kill than a memory. And he couldn't wait a second longer, could he? Tell me, girl, did you two start fucking before Electa left Leverfort, or was he at least decent enough to wait for his daughter to leave before he took her cousin into his bed?"

"Your Grace, I..."

"Answer the question."

Estella threw sharp words filled with hatred and contempt, vile that she refused to keep on her body and needed expelling. And the precious girl was the perfect target.

"He sent for me on the night we returned from Aronport," the girl finally answered, tears streaming down her face and into the wine.

"And did you enjoy it?" Estella asked.

The girl's eyes widened and her nostrils flared. It was all quite entertaining. "Your Grace?"

"Answer. The. Question."

Fear took the girl's shape. Her sobs, though louder than before, proved insignificant enough to disrupt the party that still roared in front of them.

"I did not, Your Grace."

"Why? Is my husband really such a bad lover? I'll have to take your word for it, considering he hasn't touched me since the birth of my last son, eighteen gears ago. He's touched no woman, as a matter of fact. I suspect he waited for you to bloom. We could all tell you'd grow up to become a beautiful woman, but even I didn't know just how much you'd resemble her . And now he finally claimed you. I suspect you're in for quite a rough time. He's been celibate for eighteen gears. That's a lot of time to make up for."

her The girl fell to her knees, her sobs now louder than ever. Estella didn't react. She merely took another sip of wine, eyes travelling the broken frame at her feet, head slightly tilted to the side. She enjoyed the game. But she could always enjoy it more.



"I am sorry, Your Grace, please believe me. I... didn't want to, but he's the King..."

"Oh really? Did he rape you? Did he threaten to kill you if you didn't spread your legs for him? Did he point one of those precious guns of his to your head as he fucked you?" The girl was lost for words, yet she still tried to defend herself somehow. She failed miserably and this time, Estella actually mocked her. She just couldn't help it. "Don't come telling me you're sorry and you didn't mean to do it. Get up. People are staring."

Indeed, some of the guests started to notice, sending confused and troubled looks their way. If Samuel saw them too, then he'd come and take the girl away, ruining the game. She couldn't allow that.

"I understand," she whispered once the girl took her place again. "Samuel can be quite charming but he's dangerous too. He wouldn't harm you, not physically, anyway. He wouldn't do anything to ruin that precious face. Instead, he'd target your spirit, your heart. That's our weakness as women, our hearts. Men think with their cocks, women, with their hearts. No one uses the head. And it's such a shame, for you I mean. A pretty girl like you, with your face and your tits, could get any man she wanted. Men love tits. Unfortunately, you're ruined now. See, my husband will never allow you to be with anyone else. He'd rather kill me and marry you than see you wed another man. Would you like that? For me to die and for you to become Queen?"

"No, Your Grace, I swear it," the girl rapidly said, shaking her head as her big almond eyes blinked continuously, twinkling with precious desperation.

"Yes, I'm sure you do. So you'll remain his property, a toy to play with at night. And he'll play with you a lot. He'll wear you out."

"Your Grace?" A man's voice broke through the conversation and Estella turned to find a member of the RoyalCorps. Dull eyes gazed atop heavy and dark bags. A worn-out letter dangled from his glove-covered hands.

Estella gave her full attention to the soldier. "What news?"

"Our scouts at the Boldale Pass reported an accident. Nasty business. A blimp crashed against the open field. There were several casualties."

"Anyone of importance?" she asked, trying to convey some sympathy.

"The blimp belonged to the Marquise Arabella Phoebe Sparks, Your Grace."

Estella pursed her lips, her left brow raising as it did when concern settled on the mouth of her stomach. "Well, that is quite troubling. Did she perish?"

"We're not certain, Your Grace. The fire made it impossible to identify at least four of the bodies," the man answered, loudly swallowing in anticipation of her response.

The Queen grimaced. She put down her glass and abandoned all trace of casualness. The news brought a new mood with them. "Four? How many victims were there?"

"At least ten, Your Grace. We believe the Marquise was attacked by a band of sky pirates on her way back from a trip to Slatehallow."

"Sky pirates on the Boldale Pass? Unlikely," Estella clapped back, refusing to be made a fool of. "Does my husband know about this?" The man shook his head. "Good. Keep it that way. Send emissaries to Millingford immediately. Our priority is to either ensure the Marquise's safety or confirm her demise. The Marquise is not only a friend to the Crown, she's promised to one of the Princes and may very well be the future Queen of Makina. Therefore, you and anyone who knows about this shall treat this matter with extreme secrecy. If anyone finds out, I shall cut your tongue myself, to prevent it from ill-speaking again." The man nodded. "Let me know as soon as you discover her fate."

The soldier practically ran away from her, crossing the great hall and disappearing behind the steel door that led to the battle arenas. Estella asked for more wine and her ally obeyed. As she drank, she wondered about the possible outcomes of this interesting development.

She never liked the Marquise, whom she found too ostentatious and insincere. Estella disapproved of the arranged marriage but choices were scarce and Raynard needed a Queen before Samuel died.

If the Marquise indeed perished in the accident then new arrangements would be necessary. A new bride for Raynard, a more suitable one. A lavish funeral with all of Makina's nobility in attendance. A proper time for grieving before announcing the new engagement. But that came after. The priority was to confirm the Marquise's death.

She consumed her wine in one gulp and decided that was enough.

"Come," Estella ordered the girl. "We are leaving. We have lots to discuss."

"Your Grace?" Chin tucked and lips wet from over-licking, the girl obeyed, clumsily.

"I've just decided that, from now on, you and I are going to spend quite a lot of time together. You see, I think I found a way for you to be useful."

The girl became even smaller than she already was. She avoided eye contact. Instead, she shrank in her own frame and silently nodded. What other choice did she have?





A Dance with Death





"Again."

"But I've done it thrice already."

"And you'll do it a fourth time, and a fifth time and as many times as necessary. Now quit complaining and obey."

Eldon frowned but stopped himself from speaking another word. He knew better than to arouse Don Osgood's rage, especially at that time of day.

The sun faded on the horizon and the cold breeze hit him like a train, but the old man couldn't care less. Indeed, the Don hid under a heavy layer of bear skin that kept him sufficiently warm to resist the chill for another hour or so. Tim and Eldon, however, had next to no cover, wearing only sweat-stained cotton shirts and leather pants. Frigid bones and algid skin made him slower, stiffer, less responsive, less effective.

Eldon let out a tired sigh and complied with the Don's orders. He rehashed the movements as best as he could despite the numbing sensation that took over his limbs. Before he finished, he knew he made a mistake and didn't even wait for the Don to ask.

The sooner I do this, the sooner we can go, he muttered to himself, hammering thoughts banging on his head. He repeated the combo, properly, putting great care in every movement, treating each punch like the flowy section of an intricate dance. Satisfied, he turned to the Don, smiling victoriously.

The sooner I do this, the sooner we can go, "Again."

The Don barely moved his lips, but Eldon heard him loud and clear. Words would fall halfway between the old man and himself, so he merely sighed and obeyed. With every new Again , Eldon's blood became hotter, boiling, liquid irony inside a frozen body. Soon, the heat within melted the icy surface and his grip on composure loosened. He repeated the moves, two, three more times, but there was no pleasing the Don.

Again "Again."

"Enough!" Eldon screamed, unable to keep going. He turned to face the old man. "You could at least tell me what I'm doing wrong! But you can't because there's nothing wrong! You just enjoy punishing me and I don't even know why! I do nothing but obey you! That's all Timmy and I do! And all you do is yell and nag and treat us like idiots. But you're the idiot! You're a cruel and bitter old man who wants us to be just as cruel and bitter."

nothing you Eldon's words pierced the space between them, like daggers aimed at the old man. Regret came instantly them but there was no way to recover the damage. Why bother trying? The only thing that could worsen the situation was trying to make it better.

The Don said nothing. His expression didn't change and he showed no visible reaction. Tim's face, on the other hand, turned white. Shock overcame frost and his jaw dropped to the floor. He crossed his arms, then immediately uncrossed them. His widened eyes went from Eldon to the Don and back, uncertainty their new companion.

None of them ever dared to go against the Don but there was a silent agreement between them that, should it ever happen, It'd be Tim who finally spoke the words. But he hadn't, Eldon had. Obedient, know-it-all Eldon, who had no idea what to do next. He stayed still, a shivering statue made out of fear and ice. He knew he fucked up, he knew there'd be consequences and he'd most likely be expelled from the lessons.

"I... I didn't mean that..." he began, but the Don cut him off.

"Yes, you did. Own it."

Eldon's eyes met the Don's and for a few seconds, anger made a triumphant return. "Yes. I did."

"Good," the Don said. "Then let's see if your bite is as tough as your bark."

With a swift movement, the Don removed his cloak, revealing a full armour hiding underneath. A flail with two small but spiky steel heads menacingly hung from his belt and when the Don reached for it, Eldon couldn't help but take a few steps back.



"What are you doing?" Tim's shaky voice asked but the man ignored him.

The Don stepped forward and Eldon kept walking back until he hit the wall at the other end of the garden. With nowhere to run, Eldon helplessly saw as the man slowly approached. Tim followed closely behind, arms raised and prepared to jump in at any moment. With only a couple steps between them, the Don finally stopped, raised his arm, flail in hand, and spoke in a low yet powerful voice.

"Again."

The spiky heads crashed against Eldon's shoulder. He felt no pain, only blood travelling down through his arm and into his hand. Before he could react, the heads met his leg and this time, a thousand needles defiled his skin. Breathing became a chore. Legs trembled but adrenaline and sheer will prevented them from giving up.

"Stop! STOP!"

Through the confusion and sounds of metal crashing against flesh, Eldon heard Tim's screams. His friend ran towards them, tears lingering in the air behind him. The old man, however, was quicker and with a swift punch, sent Tim flying through the garden and into the bushes planted on the left.

He roared, hatred dripping from his mouth. Tim's bloodied face brought out the basic instinct in him, blinding him with rage. He kicked the Don in the temple, but the man recovered almost immediately. He swung the flail again. Eldon knew he would.

The boy blocked or deviated a downpour of attacks. Unlike the Don, however, he sported no armour. With each new lick of the spiky metal against his skin, a brand new cut opened. It wasn't long before his shirt went from white to crimson. Eldon kept going, though, ignoring the screams of his aching body, the tears from burning his eyes, the pounds from his battered heart.

Eldon's back met the wall. The flail reached him and he failed to stop it, yet the spikes didn't meet his skin. Instead, the chain wrapped around his neck, once, twice before finally squeezing tight. The metal head pressed against his neck, gracing his chin with a dozen pointy claws.

He couldn't breathe. Air abandoned his body, blood rushed to his face. Balance got lost. Heart slowed its gallop. Life prepared to escape. The chain now squeezed harder and the spikes scratched his skin. His eyes lost focus, nothing but dancing shadows around him. Red became his world, then dark, then white. Then, a monolith. Standing before him, imposing, absolute. The master of his fate, holding his life with a rusty and cold metal chain.

The Don stood right in front of him, inexpressive as ever. No sign of rage or fatigue in his wrinkled face. No remorse or concern, not even the willingness to end it all. Don Osgood didn't pull the chain to break Eldon's neck or pushed the spikes to cut his throat. Instead, the man remained immobile, a block of flesh and steel, supreme and monocratic.

Tim now stood behind the Don, his face covered in blood, horrified at the scene. Eldon's eyes found his and they pleaded, they begged for the answer to an unspoken question. Tim had nothing.





Don Osgood's eyes, dim and quiet, screamed at once and Eldon understood the game had come to an end. The man spoke.





"When you spit in the face of Death, make sure you can outrun her."

The Don released the chain and precious air entered Eldon's body. His eyes found Tim's again and a faint smile graced his bruised face. Then everything faded to black.

********

Eldon came out of the water.

He didn't know how long he stayed underneath but the candle beside him burned still.

They arrived at the Marquise's house in the morning, after travelling in the small escape pod all through the night. The pod was slower than the blimp, so they took twice as long to reach Ravenport. When they finally did, Eldon wasted not a single minute and ran to the nearest tub, desperate to get rid of the blue ooze. He washed his face three times and rubbed his skin so hard, his cheeks were red and burning by the time he finished. When he left the washing room, the Marquise told him Tim already rested in his room, so he did the same.



Eldon slept all afternoon. He was too tired to do anything else. Tim woke him when the night already reigned, telling him Master Nilla arrived at last and that he should prepare to meet her. Complying, Eldon drew himself a bath but dozed off and dreamt of something he thought long forgotten.

At least he thought it was a dream. A very vivid one.

His hands graced to his neck. Cold steel lingered on his skin and he wondered how the ghost of a sensation could linger through the gears. For a moment, he actually felt present in that garden, fighting, or rather losing against Don Osgood.

A shiver travelled down his back as his mind tried to make sense of the weird memories. Why did they feel so real? Why now, after all those gears? Don Osgood always spoke in riddles and he used to tell Eldon that his mind was powerful. Only now did he realize the words might hold a deeper meaning.

Why didn't he ask something when the old man still lived? And why didn't the Don simply tell the truth? He smiled at that notion, realizing the Don probably thought he'd have an entire life with Eldon and Tim, just like Master Nilla had with the Marquise.

A familiar voice took him out of his thoughts, and the door opened to reveal a very recovered Tim. Wearing a brand new suit, courtesy of the Marquise no doubt, Tim stared at him, eyebrows raised and hands inside his pockets.

"You're not ready," he scolded, using his most serious tone.

"I'm sorry, I... I dozed off, I think."

"Well, you better hurry. If you thought the Marquise was demanding, wait until you meet Master Nilla."

"Timmy, I want to tell you something."

Tim's smile disappeared. He closed the door behind him and sat on the edge of the bathtub. Suddenly, Eldon became aware of his nakedness and quickly rearranged his bubbles to hide his vulnerability. He wasn't entirely successful and Tim drew a mischievous grin.

"What's wrong? Still tired from the battle?" Tim asked, focusing his eyes on Eldon's face.

"Not at all. As a matter of fact, I hardly feel anything anymore."

"Same here. Guess the fireflies weren't as strong as we thought."

Eldon examined Tim's face but found no sign of the battle's heavy cuts and bruises. His own bruises healed with the many hours of sleep, and now his skin showed no evidence of violence.

"What's the matter?" Tim inquired, his eyebrows desperate to meet. "Is everything okay? You look troubled."

"I just had a dream," Eldon replied, doubting if dream was the appropriate word to use.

dream A sombre shadow eclipsed Tim's face. "About the bird?"

"About Don Osgood. The time I talked back to him, remember?"

"When he almost killed you? How could I forget? I've never been so afraid in my life. I thought he was seriously going to off you, right then and there." Tim's smile fused fondness with anguish and the ghost of cold steel once again made Eldon shudder. "What about it? Are you reminiscing about our fun times with the Don?"

"Not quite. This dream was different from others, different from the one about the bird. It wasn't a memory either, it was... more. Like I was actually there, in the garden, fighting for my life."

"Well Emmu, you always had a gifted mind. You're the cleverest person I know. Maybe your memory is that good, but there's nothing wrong with that, on the contrary. Mine's shit, I can't even remember what I ate yesterday."

"Meat pie and potatoes."

"See? Cleverest man in the world."

"You don't believe me, do you?"

"I don't even know what you're saying." Tim got up and walked to the other side of the room, leaning against the door and crossing his arms, impatience rearing its ugly head. "What are you saying?"

"I... I don't even know." Eldon let out a defeated sigh as he submerged into the water, leaving only his face untouched. "I'm sorry. I think I'm officially crossing the line into madness territory."

"Maybe this is a message from God," Tim mocked and Eldon splashed him with water. "What? Maybe it is."

"And which god would that be? The one we pray to here in Makina, the one that is worshipped over in Grenage? Or perhaps the many, many, many Gods that Gunners worshipped? It doesn't really matter, I suppose. They're all the same. Just a different name for the same inconvenient truth."

many "You should try to embrace religion during these perilous times, Emmu."

"Religion is an old man's game. But perhaps you're right and this is God's way of saying my time is near."

"Well, If God is claiming you, so be it." Tim put his hands together and raised his eyes to the heavens, doing a silly little prayer.

"God's too much of a busy cunt to come claim me, or anyone else for that matter. He'll most likely send an emissary to do it. Should I pray for him to hurry?"

"But what would I do without you? Go back to my cart-making factory and bury my head under the mountains of scrap metal? No, no. I'd much rather have you alive, beside me."

"Then you better pray that no God comes to claim me, cunt or otherwise."

"And you better hurry. No God will save you from the Marquise's anger."

Tim threw the towel at him and opened the door. He turned before leaving, a softness tenderizing his strong factions.

"Emmu?"

"Yes, Timmy?"

"Have you learned how to outrun death?"

Eldon smirked. "I've learned not to spit in her face."





A Royal Invitation





Timothy was about to knock on the door again when Emmu finally came out of his room. He was wearing the brand new white coat the Marquise had left for him, but with the brown leather pants and knee-high lace up boots with which he had come. Looking at him from top to bottom, Timothy thought he looked a Don mixed with a Sky Pirate.

"I'm impressed," said Timothy, drawing a wide smile at his sapphire. "You look..."

"Ooze-free?" Emmu interrupted him and Timothy simply smiled.

"Not what I was going to say, but close enough. Come on, we're late."

"Look at you trying to impress the Marquise and her Master," Emmu said and Timothy laughed at his very obvious jealousy.

Indeed, ever since he boarded the blimp, Timothy had caught his sapphire throwing suspicious looks his way. Initially, he thought it was just his imagination, but every time he spoke to the Marquise, he could see Emmu grinding his teeth or rolling his eyes. Timothy couldn't help but laugh at Emmu's childish behavior but he understood. Most of the time, Timothy only had eyes for him, so to have a new and unexpected presence must've been particularly hard for someone as competitive as Emmu.

"I'm not trying to impress anyone, meathead."

"Right, because you have absolutely no interest in our hostess," Emmu's voice was more acidic by the word, yet he kept trying to disguise it behind a mask of humor. He was failing.

no "I have the same interest in her as you. We're all here for you, Emmu, you keep forgetting that." Timothy was being sincere but he knew Emmu wouldn't believe him. Emmu always had to be right.

"Very well, if you don't want to tell me, don't tell me. Your choice."

"Jealousy really doesn't suit you, Emmu."

"I am NOT jealous."

This time, Timothy had to laugh and not even a very strong punch from Emmu could shut him up. "Whatever you say, Master ."

Master "Dick."

Emmu's voice was more relaxed and Timothy smiled at a job well done. He knew he could always bring a smile to Emmu's face, even at the worst of times. Lately, this little talent had been most convenient, especially with all the life-altering news they had received.

As they climbed down the stairs, he wondered what Emmu would think of the Master that waited for them in the parlor. He had only shared some brief words with Master Nilla, but they were enough for Timothy to realize she was laid-back and good-natured. However, she also struck him as the type of woman who had no time for nonsense or games, and he wondered how she would react to Emmu's particular brand of humor.

When they finally reached the parlor, the two women stood up to meet them. The Marquise, wearing one of her very uncomfortable-looking dresses, walked up to them, the same anxious look in her face as when she first met them and scolded them for their tardiness.

"You are late. Again ," she spoke in a sharp tone, giving them her best stern look.

Again "I can explain, dear Marquise," Emmu was quick to say. "But I think you'll find this was actually your fault. You see, in order to look presentable for you and your Master, I took a bath and I must say it was the single best bath I have ever taken. Everything about it was so gloriously over the top, I mean, even the water smelled of nobility. And I really wanted to make a good impression. It's not fair that Timmy here gets all the attention, don't you think?"

really The Marquise rolled her eyes at him and turned to walk back to the second woman, who remained silent and looking at them with a mix of curiosity and disbelief. For his part, Timothy, who was rather enjoying Emmu's little show, turned to his friend and whispered.



"Unnecessary jealousy really doesn't suit you."

Emmu pretended not to hear him. "So, where's this wonderful Master we've been hearing so much about?" Emmu approached the two women and his eyes focused on the second one. Frowning, he turned to face Timothy as if looking for some explanation, but found nothing other than a mocking smile. "You can't possibly be her, can you?"

"And why is that?" the second woman spoke in a thick Petrol accent.

"A fellow Petrol," Emmu continued, seemingly ignoring the woman's question. "My parents were from Petrol, or so I've been told. I never met them and I've never been to Petrol myself but I'd recognize the accent anywhere. And to answer your question, you'll have to forgive me but you're not what I was expecting at all. I was hoping for an old lady, you know, like Don Osgood, but you... well, you're not old at all."

Timothy understood Emmu's point; Master Nilla was nothing like Don Osgood.

Younger-looking than she probably was, Master Nilla was a very attractive woman. Provocative would be the word some men would use to describe her, as she had one of those full and curvy bodies men usually went crazy for. She had shoulder-length wavy and purple hair, thick eyebrows and full lips. She also was quite short; she barely reached Timothy's shoulder, despite her high-heel boots.

"Is that supposed to be a compliment?" Master Nilla spoke in an amused tone that suggested she was used to men's clumsy advances.

"It actually was. A very awkward and stupid one, but one nonetheless," Emmu said before making a short bow.

"At least you admit it was stupid, that's something." She answered his bow with a short and simple curtsy and a smile that barely touched the corners of her lips. "It's nice to finally meet you, Master Eldon."

"Our friend the Marquise tells us you've been looking for us for quite some time," Emmu said as he walked back to Timothy.

"We've known about you for some time now, but we didn't want to contact you until we were sure it was necessary. We had hoped there'd be no need to recruit you, but when Ara started having her dreams, we knew the time had come. Ara tells me you two have had a somewhat different dream than hers. She tells me you both have seen a mechanical bird, no?"

"Yes."

"Well, that confirms our suspicions. For over a Gear, we have been tracking the group known as the Steam Scorpion. We have reason to believe they might be working with our enemy."

"The meteoric rise of the Steam Scorpion coincided with the start of my dreams, and yours too, for that matter, so it did not take long before we confirmed their relationship," the Marquise said as she sat down next to her Master.

"We fought a group of them in Millingford," Master Nilla continued. "Three of them were even Royders, which took us by surprise. We sustained heavy injuries but we managed to come out on top. We captured one of the Royders and, after a few days, he cracked and talked about a project under construction at the outskirts of Ravenport."

The Marquise poured four glasses of wine and handed two of them to Timothy and Emmu. "We have searched the entire outskirts of the city and found nothing, which can only mean one thing."

"They're hiding underground," Timothy guessed and the Marquise nodded. "That's how they're getting away with the construction of the bird."

Master Nilla continued. "Indeed. Before Ara went to see you, we had several guesses as to what sort of weapon they might be constructing down there, but now we're certain."

"Those things that attacked us at the blimp," Timothy began, the sight of them still fresh on his mind, "the Marquise said they were Royders. Don Osgood used to mention them too. He said they were our enemy."



"No shit," Emmu said as his fingers instinctively went to his face, where the blue ooze had been just hours ago. "What are those things? Because they sure as fuck aren't human."

Master Nilla stopped to think for a moment. "They are human, but they have changed. They are more now."

Timothy sighed, tired of this game. "Do you people have something against speaking clearly?"

Master Nilla spoke in a far too patient voice. "They are human, Don Timothy, they're just sick."

Emmu snorted. "Like hell they're sick. A cough is being sick, a fever is being sick. Spitting blue shit out of one's mouth goes beyond the realm of being sick. "

being sick. "They have something inside of them that's making them sick, Master Eldon," Master Nilla replied, her voice unaffected by Emmu's crude remarks.

"A parasite," the Marquise, now on her second glass of wine, intervened. "Neither of us are physicians but I trust we have all heard of Estomitis, correct?" They nodded. "Good. Estomitis is a highly infectious disease caused by a parasite that enters the body and nests on the liver, where it rapidly reproduces."

"Marquise and Biology Master? Color me impressed."

The Marquise ignored Emmu's taunt. "The disease that affects Royders, like Estomitis, is caused by a parasite. However, this parasite directly enters the blood vessels, using blood as a mode of transportation to rapidly invade the entire body."

"That's why their veins look like that," Timothy remembered the Royders from the night before and his skin crawled at the thought of a million little bugs moving inside the men's bodies.

"Indeed," Master Nilla nodded. "We call this parasite Indigo, because of the blue color it gives to its hosts' blood. When Indigo has completely taken over an individual, the blood will be too much for the host to contain, and soon he will begin to secrete it constantly."

"So you're saying that the Royder from last night spat... blood at me?" Emmu was on the verge of throwing up.

"I am afraid so," the Marquise replied with pity.

"This parasite, how do you catch it?" Timothy asked, wanting to take Emmu's mind out of the numerous gross thoughts he was probably sinking into.

"With blood," Master Nilla simply said. "If any drop of infected blood enters the body, Indigo will quickly find its way into the bloodstream."

Timothy felt his stomach fall to his feet. His eyes immediately went to Emmu, whose face had turned entirely white.

"If I'm turning into one of those things, I swear to God I'll spit the shit out every single one of you," Emmu said, matter-of-factly.

"Worry not, Master Eldon. Even if the Royder's blood entered your body, you will be unaffected," the Marquise said, this time using a more delicate tone.

"How can you be sure?" Timothy tried to hide the anxiousness in his voice, but he knew he had failed when Emmu turned and looked at him with visible fright.

The Marquise and Master Nilla exchanged mysterious looks, as if they were communicating with each other without using words. After a few seconds of silence, Master Nilla was the one who spoke.

"Because you three are immune to Indigo. It cannot affect you, no matter how hard it tries. It's the reason why you can sense it and why you dream of it when it starts growing stronger. Speaking in extremely literal terms, you are meant to fight it because you're the only ones that can."

Timothy felt his head spinning. A part of him desperately wanted to believe Master Nilla, the same part that had always been protective of Emmu, ever since they were children. But another part, his most cynical and logical, the same one that was helping him duplicate the earnings of his late father's factory, told him he should grab Emmu and head to Ivoryport, to get him the best physician that money could buy.



"How can you be certain?" Timothy finally asked, deciding against any brash actions.

"It's quite simple, Don Timothy. When days pass and Master Eldon is not leaking blue blood out of every orifice, you'll know he's Indigo-free."

Emmu almost laughed. "Are you serious? That's your reasoning?"

"Master Eldon, Don Timothy, I'll be very honest with you." Master Nilla stood up and circled her chair, standing behind it, her glass of wine gently balancing on her delicate hand. "I could tell you the answers to your questions. I could tell you everything you wish to know, but chances are, you wouldn't believe me."

"Try us," Timothy dared her, but she shook her head.

"Tell me, Don Timothy; if Ara would have told you about Indigo when she first met you in Slatehallow, would you have believed her? If she had told you about the existence of a parasitic entity that possesses people and gives them blue blood that they subsequently ooze out of every single orifice in their body; would you have simply accepted her words as true?"

Timothy remained silent.

"Of course not. We would've thought she was batshit crazy," a snarky Emmu admitted.

"Maybe we still do," Timothy muttered to himself.

Master Nilla smiled victoriously. "Precisely. You would've thought she was crazy and you would've thrown her out of your manor. You needed to see the Royders for yourselves, you needed to fight them and experience their considerable strength. Now that you have, our words don't seem so crazy, do they? Some things are meant to be learnt, not told. All these answers, the two of you need to learn on your own, just like my Ara did."

"Do you know why we're immune to this?" Timothy asked the Marquise and she whispered a gentle Yes from behind her glass of wine.

Yes "You will have to do better than that if you want us to stay," Timothy said, standing up and walking towards Emmu. "Tell us one good reason why we shouldn't leave this place and go look for a physician to treat this so called parasite."

"Things like these are not meant to be told, Don Timothy. They're meant to be seen."

Master Nilla hand's went inside the pockets of her petticoat and took a small vial from out of them. Timothy immediately recognized the blue ooze inside and both him and Emmu walked back at the sight of it. The woman slowly opened it and Timothy was prepared to jump at her to try to knock it out of her hand.

But the woman didn't throw the blood at them. Instead, she unbuttoned her sleeve and without hesitation, poured the entire content of the vial into her exposed forearm. Her face contorted into an expression of deep pain as the ooze began to slide on her skin, smoke coming out from it as it spread with alarming speed.

With a swift move, the Marquise took out a handkerchief and wiped the blood away from Master Nilla, who looked on the verge of tears but hadn't made a single noise while the blood was on her skin. The Marquise then took out a small gun from her own pockets and pointed it at the handkerchief. She shot it but instead of a bullet, a small bolt of lightning came out of it and burnt the piece of cloth in an instant. Before it completely disintegrated, Timothy swore he heard a small scream coming out from it.

Recovering her composure, Master Nilla walked over to them and showed them her forearm. Where the blood had just been, an ugly-looking blister now extended over the vulnerable and red skin. Master Nilla waited for a few seconds before accepting the wet towel that the Marquise was offering her.

"Royder blood burns human skin," she said as she pressed the blister with the towel. "You received not a drop, but an entire rain of it just last night, Master Eldon. Tell me, does your face look like my forearm?"



It was a rare occasion when Eldon Emmanuel Elmstone had no words. This was one of them. Timothy could see his sapphire trying to make sense of what he had just seen, his fingers travelling his own face, as if he was looking for any sign of blisters or scarring.

"I was kind of looking forward to the whole spitting blood thing," Emmu finally said.

"Do you take anything seriously?" the Marquise talked down to him, arms crossed and brows raised.

Emmu's eyes sparked maliciously. "Jokes."

"You didn't have to do that. I'm so sorry." Timothy chose to ignore the two of them and instead turned to Master Nilla. His entire body was shook by a wave of regret but he still forced himself to face the woman.

"Yes she did. Otherwise, you two dicks would not have believed us."

Both Emmu and Timothy were taken by surprise by the Marquise's words. They turned to her, speechless, and she gave them a That's right sort of looked that did a lot to break the tension.

That's right "Do we know how to kill it?" Timothy asked, once the image of Master Nilla's burned arm came back to him.

Both the Master and her pupil shook their heads.

It was Master Nilla who spoke, like a mother addressing her children. "Not entirely, but we have an idea. Like any parasite, Indigo needs a host to survive."

"So we kill all the Royders? Sounds like my kind of plan." Emmu's seemed like his normal self again and Timothy couldn't help but smile at the sound of his friend's regular, acerbic voice.

The Marquise, now on her third glass, agreed. "Basically. Royders have a higher resistance to wounds and general harm. They, however, are vulnerable to a shock of lightning."

"As opposed to regular humans who are quite resistant to those," Emmu said, and the Marquise shot him her most hateful look yet, which only seemed to encourage him more.

"That gun you used, can I see it?" Timothy had been waiting for the right moment to ask and he reached for the silver weapon that the Marquise was handing over.

The gun was quite small and it felt hot to the touch. At first sight, it looked like a regular pistol; however, upon closer examination, Timothy saw that, instead of bullets, the cylinder housed five small but vibrating bolts of light. Suddenly and much to his chagrin, a small spark shot out of the gun's mouth and Timothy almost dropped it.

"I think that is quite enough," the Marquise said, reaching out for the gun, and Timothy gave it back as the heat climbed to his face and settled on his cheeks.

"We need to find the definitive host," Master Nilla said, smiling warmly at Timothy. "The very first person Indigo infected, and in whom it grew strong enough to start inhabiting others. If we manage to kill him, then Indigo's hold over the Royders will weaken."

"Do we have any suspects?" Timothy asked, trying to move past his embarrassment.

"Some," answered Master Nilla, still pressing the towel against her skin. "The definitive host must be a powerful man, a member of court even. No one else would have the necessary resources to fund the construction of a weapon like the bird. We're talking about a man with sufficient influence to coerce the Steam Scorpion into working under him."

"And fortunately for us, I have just been presented with the perfect opportunity to confirm our suspicions," the Marquise happily declared.

"What do you mean?" asked Master Nilla, seemingly shocked at her apprentice's words.

"I was sent a royal invitation today, from Queen Estella herself. It seems news of our attack have reached the capital and she has invited me to spend a few days in her company, to make sure I am safe. I depart tomorrow at dawn. While at court, I shall look into our primary suspects."



Emmu raised his brows and spoke in his most serious tone so far. "Leave? I thought the entire point of us coming here was to train for the battle."

"The point was for you to train, Master Eldon. I have been training all my life and it would not be an understatement to say I am far better that the two of you."

you "Combined," a proud Master Nilla added, adopting a lighter and more playful tone.

"Oh really? Because I think, I think you weren't part of my dream or Timmy's. Maybe it's because you die before the battle takes place."

I think "What Emmu means," Timothy quickly intervened, noticing the heat rising in Emmu's face, "is that maybe it isn't such a bright idea to go right into enemy territory. If you're right, then the definitive host will be at court. It's obvious he already suspects you, since he sent those Royders to kill you. What's to stop him from trying to kill you again?"

"Oh, it will most certainly try to kill me again, I am counting on it." The Marquise's face lit up at the prospect of another attempt on her life and Timothy wondered just how sinister this seemingly normal woman really was. "We need to figure out who the definitive host is, otherwise, we will not prevail, even if we manage to win the battle against the bird. Besides, strange as it may sound, court is probably the safest place not only for me, but for you too. We are almost certain that all the attackers died with the blimp explosion, but if even one of them survived, then the definitive host will be alerted to your presence. Nevertheless, if I am at court, there will be no need for the definitive host to look elsewhere, which will give you the privacy and liberty you will need to train under Master Nilla. I am a grown warrior, I am more than capable of taking care of myself. Lastly, even if I wanted to, I cannot deny a direct invitation from my future mother-in-law."

Emmu spat his wine and the Marquise looked at him as if he had just hit her on the face.

"I'm... sorry," Emmu said as he cleaned his face with his coat. "Future mother-in-law?"

"Yes, I am betrothed to one of the princes," she replied, still looking at Emmu as if he was a leper. "I thought you friend would have told you by now. You two seem to tell each other everything."

Not even bothering to hide the gigantic grin that had invaded his face, Timothy found Emmu's reproachful eyes and simply shrugged before turning back to the two women. From the corner of his eye, he saw Emmu draw a shy and ephemeral smile.

Master Nilla brought the conversation back to topic. "It's settled, then. Ara will go to Ivoryport where she will carry on the investigation about the definitive host. We will stay here and train while we try to find the hiding place of the Steam Scorpion. Hopefully we'll be able to get rid of them before they finish constructing the bird."

"I will be helping with the construction of the blimp," Timothy quickly added, feeling like a small child as he heard his own words.

Master Nilla gently smiled. "Alder and I will be happy to have you."

"As promised, you two will have full access to our personal library." The Marquise got up and walked to the stairs that seemingly led to a bottom floor. "Down the stairs to the left. A warning: you are not to mistreat the books. Some of them date back to before the Millennium of Ice."

Emmu was about to open his mouth, certainly with a snarky comment at the Marquise's expense, but Timothy was quicker. "Thank you, Marquise, I'm sure Emmu will find all the answers we're looking for."

"If there are any developments with the investigation, I shall immediately let you know," the Marquise said as she smoothened her dress. "I suggest the two of you go to bed now. Master Nilla's training will be very tough and you will need all your strengths if you want to survive."

********

******** As they walked back to their rooms in silence, Timothy felt a mix of relief and anxiety.

The knowledge of Indigo's existence gave their fight a more uncertain and dangerous tone, but it also gave their enemy a name and a purpose. The self-torturing act that Master Nilla committed also made him less weary of the two women. He had his doubts about them up until their meeting, but now he could actually see himself trusting them. For the first time since he started having the dreams, Timothy thought he might actually sleep the entire night without waking up panting and covered in sweat.

"You should've told me," Emmu said as they arrived at their rooms. "About the Marquise."

"And miss the expression on your face when you found out? No way. Timmy likes his fun."

Sensing the punch that was coming his way, Timothy docked and watched in delight as Eldon hit the wall instead.

"You okay?" he asked, feeling a tad guilty.

"I'm fine. I'm great, actually. At least we now know what we're fighting. This may not make a lot of sense, but I'm less anxious than before. I think it was the uncertainty that was getting to me."

"I know what you mean. I feel the same way."

Emmu opened the door to his room and lit up a candle. Before he disappeared, Timothy said something he had been dying to since the Marquise's big reveal.

"Emmu?"

"Yes, Timmy?"

"I told you there was no reason for you to be jealous."

Emmu smiled.

"Yes. I guess there wasn't."





A Future Queen





Arabella Phoebe Sparks hated Ivoryport.

She found it fake and ridiculous, a peasant pretending to be a nobleman. White marble acted as ivory, turning the city into a giant chessboard where the whites claimed overwhelming victory. The one place in Makina where no factory existed, the capital of the kingdom was a white spot in the middle of a sea of copper and brass.

The city itself proved quite unimpressive. Tall and spiky towers reached towards the sky on every corner, like sentinels watching over the city. Machines and people interacted together, the latter increasingly depending on the former. Numerous shops lined the streets, overcharging unsuspecting visitors who came from all over Makina to see the floor of the capital. Completely covered with cogs of different sizes, the floor truly was an engineering marvel, an achievement that made the entire city look and feel like the inside of a giant clock.

Most people used the word modern to describe Ivoryport. They could not be more wrong. Ivoryport stood as a testament to conservatism, an ode to frigidity that refused to embrace the future beyond the machines they loved.

modern In truth, Ivoryport was the most retrograde place in Makina. Pretentious and artificial, it housed the most dangerous people of all. The royal family, a conclave of appetites, of bigots and idiots led by a dumb, weak King, and a bitter, angry Queen. Prideful and too blind to see past their own selfdom, they flew above them all, vultures preying on the dying and the weak.

And soon, she would fly by their side.

Leverfort, the monstrous Royal residence, surged at the end of the road, marble arms reaching out to her. Its cold tongue licked her bare arms and a fugitive sigh escaped her lips. If she could only return to Master Nilla in Ravenport. She would gladly deal with that annoying Master Eldon. Compared to the people inside Leverfort, he seemed almost decent.

Her large, puffy skirt made it hard to exit the vehicle. A grunt broke through her proper façade and the footman sent a confused look her way. How she wished she could wear her fighting clothes. Leather pants and vest, thigh-high boots, hair up, gun in hand. But Leverfort required a proper costume. Tight corsets, top hats, high heels, wide skirts. Flowers and perfume to mask the ugliness within.

And what ugliness stood before her. Fair, stunning, unreachable. But ugliness still.

"Your Grace," Arabella entered Marquise mode immediately. "What a pleasure to be here again."

"It is, is it not? Like my sons, I was horrified when news of your attack reached Leverfort. I can't describe the relief we felt when we discovered you safe and sound."

Estella Rose Lovegrove, the Withered Flower. Distant and inexpressive, she spoke with a rehearsed, taciturn cadence that showed a profound disinterest in her surroundings. Arabella saw the Queen's truth but she nevertheless smiled radiantly. Holding her future mother-in-law's hand, she pressed it against her chest. The Queen's eyes twitched.

"Your Grace, you cannot imagine the panic I felt when those men attacked my blimp," Arabella said, helplessness coming naturally to her. "I swear to God, I thought it was the end."

"Oh, you poor thing," the thin and orange-haired woman standing next to the Queen spoke. "Sky Pirates at the Boldale Pass, my Heaven! Is no place safe anymore?"

"Marquise, this is Livilla Ada Goodenough. She recently married my second son, Buford, so that makes her your..."

"Sister!" Livilla finished, hugging Arabella with enthusiasm.

She responded to the hug bout out of duty and honest relief, mind at ease knowing she would not have to marry that brute, Buford.

"Sister, you must still be in shock. I can't imagine how awful the whole ordeal must've been." Livilla grabbed her by the arm as they both walked towards the palace.



"Yes, well, there is so much you can't imagine, dear," Queen Estella cruelly said. Livilla seemed not to understand her words. "Marquise, your presence at Leverfort is most fortunate. My three remaining sons are here, so this will be the perfect time to decide which one you will marry."

A nod formed at the back of Arabella's throat. "Who better to make that decision than Your Grace? Both you and His Majesty, of course."

"Samuel isn't here. He's flying to Ironport as we speak. Important matters. Or so I was told."

The bitterness in her voice was such that Arabella could almost taste it. The thought of ending like the Withered Flower almost quavered her speech. "Then I shall trust your wisdom, Your Grace. I am sure you shall do what is better for all of us."

The words tasted odd, foreigners in her lips just like she was in the city. Travellers out of place trying to fit in. Judging by the look on the Queen's face, they were failing.

"I'm so pleased you're here, Marquise. It gets so boring without some company. You can't know how long the days seem sometimes." Behind Livilla's cheerful tone, Arabella found traces of real longing. For a moment, she felt so close to her future sister-in-law, both of them prisoners of an untimely fate.

Queen Estella broke their kinship, her rudeness less concealed than before. "Do shut up, dear. The Marquise and I are speaking."

Arabella held Livilla's hand tighter, trying to encourage her. Once again, she simply smiled and nodded. She was clearly used to the Queen's mistreatments.

"It is indeed fortunate to have someone else to share this whole journey with," Arabella said, feeling the need to stand up for Livilla. "A true friend is as hard to find at court, as decency."

The Withered Flower stopped dead and both Arabella and Livilla narrowly avoided crashing against her. The Queen's lady was not so fortunate and almost lost her balance by stopping herself from touching her mistress. For a few seconds, the Queen remained silent, immobile, pensive. Then, recovering her composure, she finally turned to face them, a forced smile tainting her delicate features.

"Upon my word, you're not very delicate in giving your opinion, are you, dear Marquise? I shall keep that in mind."

Turning around, the Queen carried on and Arabella wondered if she just doomed her relationship with the complicated woman. Still, she could not excuse unnecessary rudeness. Nobility pretended to be educated and civil yet, in the capital, money did not equal manners and power did not equal class.

As they climbed the steps that led to the throne room, Arabella felt Livilla's hand sweating. Her face remained bright and peaceful, though, a wide grin adorning her small and doll-like features. Closer to forty than thirty, Livilla was at least ten gears older than Buford, which might explain the Withered Flower's animosity. An older woman was not the most suitable of companions, even if she belonged to the Goodenoughs of Tinkerton.

The throne room changed not one bit since Arabella last saw it. Cold, gloomy, vast, desolate. Not even the crowd inside could repel the emptiness that occupied every corner. Rivers of wine poured as men and women drank, laughed, and played with stakes far higher than they deserved. Still, Arabella felt ashamed at the familiarity. It was her world. Supposedly.

Master Nilla anchored her to truth and reality, reminding her that this life of excess was but a mirage, a disguise to hide her true purpose in life. Since infancy, Arabella knew she was more warrior than Marquise. For twenty-six gears, she hid her true nature under dignified layers of nobility, concealing her instincts in ponds of abundance.

Yet, with fate so close and decisive, with the perils of life so real and inescapable, she wondered if, perhaps, she should have indulged in the excess. Even for a minute, even just a tad. Did she miss her chance?



Her eyes found Buford, drunk and staggering around the small crowd gathered around him, one hand in his bulge and the other clutching a glass wine, and immediately regretted her thoughts. She would rather face ten thousand Royders than be in a room with a drunk Buford.

"Marquise, there's someone I want you to meet," Queen Estella said abruptly.

They were now standing in front of a woman unlike any other. Indeed, several of the nobles shot curious or disturbed looks her way and Arabella understood why. She wore no dress, but a plain white shirt under a tight black corset, and leather pants, all covered with small multicoloured cogs and springs. Two large spikes came out of her elbows, giving her a rather threatening look.

The woman's clothes, however, had nothing on her face. A large brass mask extended diagonally on her left side, from the top of her eye to the corner of her strong jaw. Two wires came out of the mask and travelled to the back of her head, where they got lost in a sea of blood-red hair. A top hat with a small, puffing chimney completed her look, making her seem more machine than human.

The Queen, unlike the others, seemed rather comfortable next to the woman. Fascinated even. "Marquise, meet Shooter Viola Hecuba Hawk. She shall be your personal bodyguard while you stay in the capital."

"Marquise, it will be an honour to protect you during your stay at Leverfort." Shooter Viola spoke with a posh and delicate accent, one Arabella expected from a lady of the court, not a bodyguard.

Looking past the mask, Arabella noticed that, before being disfigured, the Shooter probably was a rather striking woman. "The pleasure is all mine, Lady Viola."

"I am not a Lady," the Shooter firmly replied. "Shooter Viola will be fine, Marquise."

"This is very generous on your part, Your Grace. Is it necessary, though?" Arabella spoke, gently choosing her words.

"Absolutely," the Queen gestured her words away with a hand's movement. "You may very well be a future Queen of Makina, your security is a priority to this family. Shooter Viola is the greatest artist of the gun on the continent. Her fierce reputation precedes her."

Arabella gave up, realizing this would be a battle she would not win. Shooter Viola, understating her weariness, approached and lowered her voice.

"Do not worry, Marquise. I will not interfere with your daily activities."

"I am sure you will not, just as I will not oppose your exemplary services."

"Those look really comfortable," Livilla said as she looked at the shooter's leather pants with obvious fascination.

The shooter grinned, giving Livilla's dress a judgmental look. "Certainly more comfortable than your choice of wardrobe, My Lady Livilla."

"I would give everything to be wearing one of those right now," Arabella said, honesty escaping from her mouth.

"Yes, well, wouldn't we all?" The Queen spoke without thinking and a shy smile touched the corner of her lips, ever so slightly. "Anyway, I must be off. Marquise, I will see you tonight at dinner. Seven o'clock at the Queen's Parlor."

With those words, she walked away. Behind her, a young, mute lady followed, eyes to the floor, hands fidgeting, presence near invisible.

"They say that poor girl is Samuel's mistress," Livilla whispered, large almond eyes tracing the Queen's steps. "If so, the whole situation is rather sinister. Why would someone want to willingly spend time with her husband's mistress? She's a very weird woman, the Queen."

"You have no idea." This time, it was Arabella who spoke without thinking. She rapidly changed the subject. "How long have you been at court?"

Livilla sighed in boredom. "Almost forty days and I can't wait to be out of here. Buford is supposed to gain control of Wellsey Manor in Vanderport, but we first have to wait for all his brothers to get married. Now that you're here, that's one less brother to consider. But that still leaves another two and from what I've seen, they are rather thick when it comes to matters of the heart."

"They are rather thick on every single matter," Arabella replied and Livilla let out a high and piercing laugh that scared even Shooter Viola.

"Oh, Marquise, you sharp-tongued devil! Thank God for your presence. I don't know what I would've done if I had to spend one more day alone in this place! Everyone is so strange and rude! But my heavens, now I'm being rude." She turned to face the Shooter, who walked a short distance behind them. "Dear Viola, come join us."

Shooter Viola looked at Livilla with amusement. "I'm quite alright..."

"Nonsense, the three of us can look after each other. I dare say we'll need to."

Arabella locked eyes with the Shooter and simply nodded. "Lady Livilla has a point. Attacks in this place seldomly come directly. All the fighting here is done in the shadows. I could certainly use some allies."

The bodyguard mimicked her and gave a short but firm nod as Livilla locked arms with her. "Very well, as you wish, Marquise."

"Oh, speak of the devil!" Livilla's eyes widened even more as the doors to the throne room opened again.

Three figures walked into the room, all dressed in black, wearing goggles, gloves and cloaks. Acknowledging no one, they made their way to the throne, where Queen Estella received them with open arms.

"What a curious outfit for a prince, let alone three," Livilla said as she glanced at the three princes with distrust. "Buford's brothers are very odd. They are always wearing heavy layers, even though it's so hot here in the capital. The other day, one of them, I don't remember which one, but he started bleeding from the nose! Just like that, all of a sudden and quite profusely. Buford sent for the court physician because the blood would simply not stop. They eventually fixed him but for a moment, we were quite aghast. Must've been a heatstroke."

"Yes. I'm sure it was just that," Arabella answered, her eyes fixated upon the three kneeling Princes.

Although the goggles covered their eyes, she knew what hid behind them. Two black and hollow eyes, more dead than alive. And their mouths housed a purple tongue, restless and engorged, putrid and toxic.

The three Princes turned to her and their fates collided. Master Nilla's suspicions were true. Ivoryport was now a battlefield.

"Shooter Viola," Arabella said as she pressed Livilla's hand tightly, "I suddenly feel very glad to have you with me."





A Blood Moon





Eldon's hands were tied behind his back. His ankles were stiff from the heavy weights attached to them, making it hard to move. Eyes covered, he could only react to what he heard and considering his attackers were very quiet, things weren't going so great.

The sound of wind being pierced alerted him and he quickly moved to the left, narrowly dodging the metallic bat that was aiming for his elbow. He wasn't so lucky in avoiding the shot that was fired directly at him and when the blank reached his chest, it was like a very large and painful blister had just burst.

He hardly had time to acknowledge the pain, because gusts of wind whooshing alerted him of the next attack. Knowing both the bat and the gun were coming at him at the same time, he made the reckless and foolish decision to evade them by throwing himself to the ground. He rolled on the wet grass, successfully escaping both attacks. However, he hadn't taken into consideration just how hard it would be to stand up with no hands and weighted ankles. He tried to, but was too slow.

A new shot was fired, this time landing on his right leg. The pain that invaded him was so intense that he thought the blank might've actually pierced his skin. Another shot, this time on his abs, made him release all the air in his body at once and left him vulnerable to the bat, which smashed against his chest.

Eldon felt his eyes filling with tears, but they weren't of pain. As the anger at his own stupidity took control of him, he instinctively raised his legs and jumped back up. Behind you , a voice in his head said and he turned at once, kicking the bat away from his attacker. He head-butted his opponent just as a new shot crashed against his back, forcing him to let out a loud scream.

Behind you He jumped back and landed close to the shooter, or at least he hoped he had. He threw a second kick that hurt nothing but the air. Another kick also went unnoticed by the shooter, and Eldon knew he only had one chance left. Standing still, he tried to listen for any sign of movement, but there was nothing other than crickets and wind whistles. And then he heard the pulling of a trigger on his left side and he reacted immediately; he docked and threw a low kick at the shooter, who this time was undoubtedly there. The blank travelled past him and, panting, he grinned in victory, thinking he had won.

But then he felt flames against his skin and he screamed in shock and pain as he impulsively jumped back, trying to escape the heat. The fire followed him and Eldon was running out of places to dash to.

"What the holy fuck is wrong with you?" Eldon shouted, trying to overcome the roar of the flames.

Master Nilla's voice seemed to resonate in the entire yard. "You said the bird spat fire, Master Eldon. You need to be prepared for fire attacks."

"You could at least give me a heads up. In case you haven't noticed I'm fucking blind here. "

I'm fucking blind here. "Yes, because I'm sure the bird will warn you before it attacks."

The sound of Master Nilla's mocking tone made his blood boil, especially because he knew she was right. He grunted and clenched his teeth, preparing for this new fiery dance.

She had taken him by surprise for the last time. It wouldn't happen again.

Three hours later, with a burned arm covered in a thick and foul-smelling ointment that Master Nilla had applied to the red and vulnerable skin, a listless Eldon made his way to the library. As he entered the parlor, Timmy's face appeared and his wide grin rapidly disappeared as soon as he saw Eldon's wounded arm.

"What happened?" Tim asked, his eyes fixed on the ugly-looking burn.

"My big-ass mouth happened," Eldon replied, before reminding Tim that the bird spat fire in his dream.



Tim frowned, anxious all of sudden. "It really is the smart thing to do. Train against fire, I mean. Easier said than done, I suppose."

"You'll be doing it soon enough. Right now, to be precise."

While Eldon trained, Tim had spent the entire morning working on the blimp with Master Nilla's husband, Alder, a shy and gentle man who was the stark contrast of his wife, and his team of engineers. Now it was time to switch, and while Tim trained for the afternoon, Eldon would head to the library and begin searching for those elusive answers.

Tim now looked worried. "Yes, I guess I will. Wish me luck?"

"Like you need it."

Eldon watched Timmy leave until he disappeared beyond the trees that separated the manor from the yard. After a few seconds of staring at the point where Tim had vanished, Eldon turned and continued his way to the Marquise's library.

The room was a dimly lit space, wider than it was long, and with a rather low ceiling. A simple wooden table lied at the heart of the space, in the middle of several bookshelves, all filled with numerous tones of varying widths and sizes. Impressed, Eldon approached the one closest to the door and inspected it.

He took the thickest book, A Brief History of Gunners , and leafed through it, astounded at the sheer nerve of the author, thinking his work qualified as brief. He left the book where he found it and went on to inspect the rest of the shelves. He wasn't exactly sure of what he was looking for, and after a half hour or so, he finally settled for Pam Earl Plum's Encyclopedia of Diseases , Death in the World: Exploring the Most Dangerous Maladies and the always useful A Complete History of Makina .

A Brief History of Gunners brief. Pam Earl Plum's Encyclopedia of Diseases Death in the World: Exploring the Most Dangerous Maladies A Complete History of Makina Settling in for what would surely be a very long afternoon, Eldon took a sip of the jenever that Master Nilla's manservant Kevon had prepared for him, and opened Encyclopedia of Diseases . He scanned through the pages, searching for anything that would look similar to the men that attacked them in the blimp.

Encyclopedia of Diseases Nothing.

There were a lot of diseases vibrantly described and illustrated, but none that looked like those men. A good ten minutes must've passed before he found something useful: a seemingly random disease from the thirty-fifth gear that afflicted the son of the Earl of Aronport, and that made the young boy drown in his own blood. The court physician, renowned scientist and explorer Pascal Lou Frighton, attributed the blood's blue color to a flower, the Blue Friga. The following gear, the Earl ordered the destruction of the flower, so that no other would suffer the same untimely faith as his son.

As he kept on reading, Eldon's vision became blurry. The training had been quite hard and the jenever was probably not the wisest idea. He usually took a short nap before he began any sort of study session, precisely because he knew he was prone to falling asleep, especially in dimly lit rooms. This ugly habit began in his childhood, when Don Osgood would separate him from Tim so that both boys wouldn't distract each other.

Despite his harsh ways, the Don had truly cared for them, and they for him. They both cried when they found out about his death but neither really understood what his absence would mean to their lives. How could they? It was only now that Eldon and Tim were beginning to comprehend the role the Don could've played in their lives. If he hadn't died, then Eldon and Tim would've been as close to him as the Marquise was to Master Nilla.

But he had died and Eldon hadn't even had the chance to say goodbye to him. How could he know back then that the last time he had seen the old man would indeed be the very last? He would've asked a lot of things, or at least that's what he liked to think. But most of all, Eldon would've let the old man know how much he meant to him and Tim. He didn't think the Don knew it, and the thought killed him, even now.



Struggling to stay awake, Eldon finally conceded defeat. He used his arms to make a small fort and buried his head inside. Surely nothing would happen if he took a small nap. It could only help his concentration. Eyes closed, he must've immediately fallen asleep because he started dreaming right away. How else could he explain the heavy wind that invaded the room? It was like a typhoon, and Eldon swore the bookshelves shook and even moved a couple of inches.

And just like that, Eldon felt his chair moving and he tried to hold onto something, anything. But there was nothing and the chair kept moving towards the invisible typhoon that was effortlessly pulling him in. Now the room was gone and there was just darkness embracing him, a dance of shadows that seemed to form certain shapes before disintegrating again.

What was this place? It looked like a long and pitch-black tunnel, where the only spots of color where flashes and glimmers that came from some undiscovered and far-away place. There were sounds coming from... everywhere; some were whispers, others were whimpers and some others were loud and heartbreaking pleadings and they all revolved around him, beckoning him like echoes of some distant past.

The wind was stronger now and Eldon was being literally carried away. Where to? Somewhere.

He felt dazed and hated these extremely vivid dreams now more than ever. Still, he tried to breathe and calm down. What was the worst that could happen, after all? Even if he died, he would simply wake up back in the library. He considered to cut the dream short and throw himself from the chair and into the vacuum beneath him, but he decided against it. He wasn't that stupid.

that And then, as fast as the wind appeared, it went away. He was no longer in the library, but rather in another room, one he would recognize anywhere. The white marble floors, the tall and carved ceilings, the barely lit chandeliers and the dreary statues on the sides, it all made him shiver with unexpected familiarity. He knew this place. He had been in this place countless times before, but never like this. Never this... old.

The door at the end of the hall was open and Eldon knew what hid behind it, or rather who. Unlike the dream of Ironport, he knew there was no danger here. The man behind that door would never hurt him. Well, he would, but would never kill him. Not on purpose, anyway. And yet, Eldon feared walking, he feared opening the door and facing the man. He was petrified. The sound of voices, this time very understandable, made him jump and he quickly ran to hide behind the closest column.

The nightly air made him shiver and as his eyes looked up, his heart dropped to his feet. He remembered that blood moon, it was the only one he had ever seen. He was ten gears old when he saw it; he had climbed to the rooftop of Ward along with Tim and the two had lied under the stars to see it, talking and musing about what awaited for them. It had been one of the last times they had been together.

The very next day, they had received the news that would change their life forever: Don Osgood had died. Eldon began shaking, either from the cold or from the panic, but it was like his entire body was a rattle. He turned around, trying to look for someone but found nothing. Just the darkness of the still and lonely night.

And then there he was. Back from his daily nighttime walk, the man himself made his way back to his office. It took Don Osgood a while to notice him, but when he did, the color seemed to drain from his face. The Don stopped dead and his eyes, chestnut and piercing as ever, locked with Eldon's.

Then, after a few seconds of tortuous silence, the Don approached him and stopped only a few steps away from him. Face to face, Eldon saw a much older man than he remembered. The Don wasn't the big and imposing man that had almost choked an eight-gear-old Eldon to death, but a frail and maybe vulnerable elder. Every vein in his long and shaky hands was visible, and as the Don stood a short distance from him, Eldon understood the cane with which the man walked was really a necessity, rather than a weapon with which to hit both him and Tim.



"You're here, you really are" the Don spoke in a soft and caring tone, one he had never used when Eldon was a child. Pride filled his eyes and words, but it was fleeting, and he quickly went back to his usual solemnity. "So that must mean..."

He stopped talking and turned around, as if looking for something in the night. Eldon mimicked him but found nothing.

"Don Osgood..."

"No. Stop. Not now, we can't. Where are you?"

Eldon looked at the man, confused. "What do you mean? I am here..."

"No, you stupid boy, where are you now? "

now? He fought with his own brain to understand the question and after a moment of doubt, the answer just came out. "In the rooftop with Tim. Stargazing."

Don Osgood rolled his eyes. "Stargazing, sweet heaven. Of course you're stargazing . I swear to God, if you two bend further, you'll break."

stargazing "What's happening, why are you here, talking to me?" Eldon's voice was shaky and the words seemed to be spat rather than talked, but he was having trouble focusing.

No one had ever interacted with him in the Ironport dream, and when he dreamt of the time Don Osgood almost killed him, it had been more like a memory. But this... this was different. He was actually there, with Don Osgood, talking to him. It didn't make any sense.

The old man grinned. "You tell me, you're the one that's visiting."

This time, it was Eldon who rolled his eyes. "Fucking really? Now of all times? Do you have some sort of code for every fucking word?"

"Don't you use that foul language with me, you little shit." The Don raised his cane and Eldon couldn't help but take a couple of steps back. The man then burst into laughter. "I still got it."

"Don Osgood..." Eldon began, but the Don rapidly walked to him and grabbed him by the arms.

All trace of humor was gone and now the Don was dead-serious. "We don't have much time. By now, they'll have already sensed you. They're coming. You need to go back. Do you know how?"

"I don't..." Eldon struggled to find the words, but this was a losing fight. He had no idea what was happening.

"I figured as much. Soon, you'll have more control of this, I promise. Do you trust me?" Eldon nodded without even thinking. "Then listen to me. You have everything you need, both you and Tim. You have it in you. Trust the Marquise. Trust in Master Nilla. And above all, trust each other. You and Tim, you complete each other. You are meant to be with each other, fighting side by side. Have no fear, Eldon. And if you spit in the face of death..."

"I'll outrun it. I swear."

The Don's eyes seemed to be watering and Eldon felt the need to hug him and tell him everything would be alright.

And he did. He held the old man close and squeezed him so tight, he thought he might break him, but he knew he wouldn't. This man was like an ox, nothing could break him. But that was a lie and when the two separated, the shadows appearing on the other side of the courtyard reminded him of what was about to happen.

"You need to leave," the Don ordered, pushing him away.

"Come with me," Eldon said, impulsively, but he didn't know what he was saying. He didn't even know where he was going, or how.

The Don smiled and shook his head. "You don't tell me what to do, you stupid boy."

Eldon tried to grab the man's hand but the wind came once more, stronger and more violent than the last time, and before Eldon knew it, he was once again being carried away back to the black tunnel. He tried to fight against the wind, but he failed and as he began to float away from the scene, he saw the men with blue eyes and purple tongues that were rapidly approaching the Don.

"DON OSGOOD!"

His scream feel on deaf ears as the old man was no longer seeing him. The Don had turned to face his attackers in a fight he would lose.

Darkness embraced Eldon again, but without any chair, he was left to float around in the space. Like a leaf carried by a strong wind, Eldon was span, raised, dropped and pretty much toyed with by the wind. The voices were no longer whispers, but screams, loud and monstrous and coming from every corner of the tunnel, as if the tunnel was the screams. Soon, Eldon was screaming too, eyes burning from the tears that had arrived at some point.

was And then he fell and crashed against the table. The tunnel was gone and he was back in the library. Everything was the same as before. The bookshelves, the table with the three books, the nearly empty glass of jenever beside him. Nothing had changed. Everything was the same.

Except Eldon wasn't. He was crying and shaking, he was enraged and terrified, and he didn't know why. He couldn't explain the wind, the tunnel, the moon or Don Osgood. But above all, he couldn't explain why he was now holding a cane, the same one that, up until that very moment, had belonged to Don Osgood.





A Gun Out of her Case





As she lingered outside the tightly shut wooden door, Viola paced around the wide and cold hall. Eyes fixated upon the patterns that covered the red carpet beneath, she patiently awaited for the Marquise of Millingford to finish her affairs with the Withered Flower.

For the past couple of days, the Marquise had been asked to join the Queen for tea. With each new meeting, the Marquise seemed less and less impressed by her future in-laws, however she did a wonderful job concealing her disapproval. Viola, sharp as she was, managed to see the cracks under the young Marquise's mask, and she couldn't help but sympathize.

So far, Viola had only met the King and Queen, but they more than lived up to their reputations. He was an attention-whore. She... well, she was the Withered Flower in all her glory. Neither of them seemed to be the right choice to rule over a kingdom and yet they did.

At least the Marquise will be an improvement .

At least the Marquise will be an improvement Over these meetings, it had been agreed that the Marquise would indeed be marrying Raynard Aaron Stanhope, Crown Prince of Makina. The young Arabella had expertly feigned enthusiasm, and she even managed to fool the Queen herself. But Viola could see beyond the façade, she could see the woman behind the title.

Only a couple of days had been necessary for Viola to understand that Arabella Phoebe Sparks was not a Marquise, not really. She was something wilder and more energetic, a prisoner in a golden cage. A poor little rich girl, if there ever was one.

The sound of light steps took her out of her own thoughts. She raised her eyes and met one of those army big bugs. He was tall, the tallest man Viola had ever seen. His skin was the color of dark chocolate and his head was fashionably bald. He was not a man she would consider handsome; as a matter of fact, he was rather plain looking, albeit muscular. However, he had something that drew attention to him. Maybe it was his height, maybe it was his rank within the army, or maybe the harmless but conceited expression on his face. Whatever it was, Viola had seen more than one woman throw herself at his feet, much to his delight.

She was first to speak. "What do we have here? A shark out of water, it seems."

The man grinned, his caramel eyes sharing every bit of the smile, and spoke in a thick Grenagian accent. "I could say the same of you. A gun out of her case." He stopped a few steps away from her and gave her the traditional SteelCorps salute. "Shooter Viola, fancy meeting you here."

"Captain Batchelor, not the place I expected to find you in either." She glanced at his new and swell uniform. "And looking like a gentleman of the first water. What brings the Shark of Heliport all the way to the capital?"

"Official business. Let's say I'm here as a Jack." His smile slowly disappeared, making way for an expression of exaggerated solemnity. "I hear you're the future Queen's new Hammer."

Viola waved his words away with her hand. "I'm not her Hammer yet, nor am I sure I'd like to be. I'm simply looking out for her. She was recently attacked and the Queen would like her future daughter-in-law to arrive to her wedding day alive."

"I'm probably going to be talking to the both of you, then. Soon."

"What about?" He was about to speak, but she beat him to it. "Let me guess. Official business."

"Got that right. How's the capital treating you, Shooter?"

"As kindly as it can treat a Brassportian. The weather is certainly more amiable."

The door abruptly opened and out came the Marquise, looking far too relieved, and the Withered Flower herself, followed by her favourite, a girl with a perpetually terrified look on her face that, according to Lady Livilla, was also the King's mistress.



The Queen threw a displeased look their way, before focusing solely on the Shark. "Captain Batchelor, did we have a meeting today?"

"I'm afraid not, Your Grace, but I have prime and urgent matters to discuss with both you and the Crown Prince."

"Very well, then." The Queen turned to her favourite and the girl's face contorted even more when she realized all eyes were on her. "What are you doing standing there? Go and fetch my son."

The girl quite literally jumped and ran until she disappeared at the end of the hall, reminding Viola of a little mouse that ran away from a cat.

Feeling the Marquise's eyes on her, Viola reacted at once. "I'm so sorry. Captain Batchelor, allow me to formally introduce the Marquise Arabella Phoebe Sparks, of Millingford. Marquise, the Captain August Hannibal Batchelor, of the SteelCorps."

The Marquise, who barely reached the Shark's shoulder, made one of her traditional vows before addressing him. "Captain, it is an honor to meet you. I have been particularly grateful for your services towards Makina since your victory at the Bone Orchard."

Viola was impressed. Not a lot of ladies of the court would be familiar with the battles fought by the SteelCorps, yet the Marquise even knew them by name. The Shark seemed to be equally fascinated, brows raised and eyes widened.

"Thank you, Marquise. Are you familiar with the clashes of the Deadlurk War?"

The Marquise's chest puffed out in pride. "I studied them during my Warfare Tutelage."

"Why on God's name would you take such a class?" the Queen hastily asked, giving the Marquise a chastising look.

Once again, the Marquise kept her cool. "It was required for my Mastery."

The Queen smirked loudly. " You have a Mastery?"

You "Indeed. Foreign Studies."

Once more, the Marquise took them by surprise. It wasn't common for noble women to attend university. Matter of fact, it wasn't common for women to attend university at all. The fact that the Marquise not only attended, but actually graduated was beyond impressive. The Withered Flower, however, beamed maliciously.

"Foreign Studies? Well, my dear, it's a fortune you're a Marquise. I can't imagine there's a lot of gold in Foreign Studies. "

Foreign Studies. The Marquise did her best to ignore the Queen's words, but Viola noticed a small crack on her porcelain mask. And if she saw it, the Shark must've too. He was the first to speak.

"I find Foreign Studies bloody fine. If you're game, I'd fancy to hear some stories. Bet they're fascinating." He drew a smile, far too familiar, far from appropriate, one that could even be considered flirtatious. Viola wondered if the Shark understood the kind of game he was playing, or if those acts simply came naturally to him.

"I don't think the Marquise will have a lot of time to share her stories with you , Captain," the Queen spoke, contempt drowning each of her words. "Anywho, I bet that stupid girl went to fetch my son on her knees, so she will take forever. This way Captain, I'm sure the Marquise has lots of foreign studies that require her attention, let us not entertain her further."

you foreign studies "Course, Your Grace." The Shark grabbed the Marquise's hand and kissed it, before turning to give Viola the SteelCorps farewell. "Marquise, Shooter Viola. Grand pleasure seeing you."

Saying that, he followed the Queen and disappeared behind the wooden door. Knowing that the Marquise had been taken aback by the Shark's boldness, Viola remained silent for a few seconds.



"Marquise, we should get back to the other ladies. They'll want to know how everything went."

"No." The Marquise spoke and the word echoed in the lonely hall. "I do not feel like drinking tea. How about something stronger?"

Viola raised her one good eyebrow. "Marquise?"

"Tell me, Shooter Viola, do you prefer wine or gatter?"

********

******** "Gatter it is."

The Marquise's chambers were rather plain. They weren't overwhelming like the rest of Leverfort; there was no pattern on the carpet, no antlers on the walls and no gold covering the furniture. Just a cream-colored canopy bed, a couple of red velvet chairs and a large wooden cupboard. This simplicity was not what Viola had been expecting.

"I must say, Marquise, you keep surprising me," Viola said as she sat in one of the chairs next to the fireplace.

"How so?"

"For starters, I've never met a noble woman who drank gatter."

The Marquise sighed in amusement. "You know, I have actually never had it."

"Go on. Try it."

The Marquise complied and took a considerable drink out of her cup. She almost spat it and Viola released the laugh she had been storing from the beginning.

"It takes a while to get used to the taste, but you'll get there. The fact that you even dared to try it says a lot of you."

Disgusted, the Marquise dried her mouth with a handkerchief. "I hear the Queen likes jenever. Perhaps that is what we will drink next time."

Despite her carefree tone, the Marquise seemed less lively than usual, and Viola tasted the question in her mouth. She finally spat it out, probably encouraged by the gatter. "Marquise, are you okay?" She stopped and wondered if she should try to infer what the problem was. "Did the Queen's words get to you? Because it would be understandable..."

"It is nothing of the sort," the Marquise flatly said, before taking another drink. "I am ashamed to say this, but the truth is I did not want to be alone tonight. I guess I am just homesick. And you remind me a lot of someone very dear to me."

Viola took that as a compliment. "Who's that?"

Please don't say your mother.

Please don't say your mother. "My Master. The woman who practically raised me. I see a lot of her in you. You are both spirited, tenacious. I believe you two would get along famously."

"Then I must meet this spirited, tenacious Master." Viola raised her glass and the Marquise mimicked her. "I imagine she must be happy with your engagement. So must your parents."

Alarmed, the Marquise shook her head. "Dear God no. My parents died long ago. Cart accident. But Master Nilla could not be less enthusiastic about this union. She is not a very big supporter of arranged marriages."

Viola raised her glass again. "We do have a lot in common, then."

"But enough about me, let us talk about you. I would like to know you better."

"Is there a particular reason behind this sudden wish?"

The Marquise leaned back on her chair, swinging the glass on her hand. "We are at Leverfort now, Shooter Viola. There are only so many people I can trust and I have the feeling I can trust you. And since I am an excellent judge of character, I must be right."

Viola appreciated the honesty. So far, there had been no reason to doubt the Marquise's words, but Viola knew it was wise to tread lightly. This wouldn't be the first time a noble woman feigned interest in a servant, only to turn the tables later on. Viola had been burnt before.



She chose her words carefully. What would she say? Just enough. "What would you like to know, Marquise?"

"Let us start from the beginning. How does a girl from Brassport grow up to become the fastest, most skilled Shooter in all of Makina?"

If Viola had a penny for every time she had been asked that question, she would have no need to be working as a bodyguard. Alas, the Marquise asked nicely.

"It was never a plan or anything. I don't come from money, I was never going to marry a Don, much less a noble man. There were only so many things I could do to better my family's fate. For a while, I seriously considered becoming a Ladybird. It seemed like the easiest thing to do."

"I am glad you did not do it. Far too many good women have been lost to prostitution."

"I almost was. Matter of fact, that's how I discovered I was good with guns. I was working the streets one afternoon. I must've been twelve or thirteen, and this old man came to me and propositioned me. He was a Don, I could tell by his clothes. I was inexperienced and had sold not one of the spare parts my father had collected from old, used machinery. I had two choices: go with the old man and earn enough for a fine dinner, or go back home, empty-handed and hungry. The choice seemed like an obvious one."

The Marquise seemed shier than usual when she spoke. "Did he hurt you?"

"He tried. He failed." Viola smiled at the shadows of her past. "He had a gun. It was a beautiful piece. Light, reliable, ideal for a little thing like me. When he first struck me, I noticed the gun coming out of his belt. It didn't take long for me to reach it. When I first held it in my hands, it felt good, familiar, as if it belonged there. And when I first pulled the trigger, I knew it wasn't hard. Not for me."

She remembered the old man perfectly: his wrinkled face, his alcohol breath, the lustful look on his eyes as he traveled her body. She also remembered the pool of blood that formed beneath him, the way his body shook as he desperately tried to hold on to life and the fear that invaded his face as he laid dying. It was an expression she'd never forget.

The Marquise listened intently, not making a move or sound, as if she feared disrupting the story.

"Did you tell your parents?"

"I didn't. There was no need for them to know. When I told them I was submitting for the SteelCorps, they didn't think I'd make it."

"But you did."

"I did. I remember when I told them. They were proud."

It had been a while since Viola had thought about those days, long before the Academy, the training and the wars. She hardly remembered them. Those gloomy memories of hunger and hardship had been replaced by new, more savage ones, filled with death and blood. Still, she preferred the latter, morbid as they were.

Viola had killed more people than she could remember, but she had never lost a day of sleep. She had never killed anyone who didn't deserve to die.

"It must be hard for you to be here," the Marquise said with empathy. "You must feel like a fish out of water."

"Let's just say the violence of Leverfort is not the violence I'm used to."

"But make no mistake, my dear Shooter. This is a violent place, perhaps the most violent in Makina. The stabs are to the back and the blood drips under the clothes, but there is as much death in here as there is in any trench." The Marquise's words were bitter and ominous, and as she fiercely drank from the cup, the drink stopped being a stranger to her mouth.

Viola said, ironically. "But I thought nobles had no problems. I thought the women of the capital felt no pain."

"Every woman in the world lives in pain. What is sad is that they no longer feel it. They are used to it."

The Marquise's eyes travelled to the fireplace and, for the first time since they had met, Viola believed she was seeing the true Marquise. Her mask was nowhere in sight, there were no defenses or mirages. Instead, her face seemed to say everything her mouth couldn't, and right now, it was possibly screaming. Her sad, golden eyes reflected the wild and dancing flames and for a moment, she seemed to be on fire.

And that's when Viola understood: this was a woman who wasn't just uncomfortable wearing those pink and flowy dresses, she was dying under them.

"If it makes you feel better," Viola softly spoke, her voice barely overcoming the cracking of wood and fire, "I think you'll make a far better Queen than the one who currently sits on the throne."

The Marquise laughed over flowing tears. "That will not be much of an accomplishment, will it?"

"It will if you make it so."

"Tell me, Shooter. Have you ever felt like your life is not your own?"

Viola had no doubts when she answered. "I can't say I have."

"You are fortunate. Sometimes I feel like my life belongs to someone else, and that someone set a path which I must follow, whether I want to or not. Maybe life is just a moment in time, a moment waiting to happen. And once it does, it is gone. Just one more star in the nightly sky."

Watching this woman who seemingly had it all, Viola felt grateful for her life. Good or bad, rich or poor, at least she had a choice. She was free. Well, freer than some, at least. That shouldn't make her feel better, but it did.

As the two drank the rest of the gatter in silence, a sudden thought came to Viola: was the Withered Flower once like the Marquise, or was she born withered? Why must all women wither, while men only seem to grow stronger? Perhaps women should stop pretending. Perhaps they should get angry. Men did it all the time. Perhaps women should let their rage be known. Maybe Makina would be a different place if they did.

As the thought settled on her mind, and a rain of new ideas fell on top of it, someone knocked on the door. Whoever it was, he didn't wait for the Marquise to respond. He opened the door at once, revealing a member of the RoyalCorps, a gangly boy of twenty at the most. His face was flushed and his eyes were wide with fear, and as soon as Viola saw him, she knew nothing good would come out of his mouth.

"Marquise, you must come with me immediately. Something terrible has happened," he spoke in shaky words. "The King. The King is dead."





A Scorpion's Tail





"Well, shit."

That's all Emmu said when Master Nilla told them the news: Samuel Lore Stanhope, the King of Makina for more than thirty-five gears, was dead.

Timothy took a moment to process the news in his head before finally speaking. "How did it happen?"

"Ara is not very specific," Master Nilla muttered as she poured herself some juice. "But blue traces were found in his sheets."

Timothy frowned and quaked slightly. "So Royders were definitely involved?" Master Nilla nodded. "That's it, then. We can't stay here, we have to go to the capital and help the Marquise."

Emmu agreed. "Tim's right, she could be in great danger. If the Royders are powerful enough to kill the King and remain undetected, then they'll have no problem offing a Marquise."

"We will do no such thing. We still have unfinished businesses here in Ravenport." Master Nilla's voice was firm, but Timothy could see the shadow of concern spreading through her features. "Ara understood the dangers. She also knew what her duty was. Ours is still pending."

"Then let's move already," Timothy commanded anxiously. "I really think we all should be together, so the sooner we finish in here, the sooner we can go join her in Ivoryport."

Master Nilla let out a tired sighed. "That we can do. But we must be careful. We mustn't do anything rash. It's imperative that our presence in Ravenport remains a secret."

Master Nilla's husband, Alder, walked into the room, flashing his usual bright smile as if everything was perfect in the world. A kind and unassuming man, much older than Master Nilla, Alder reminded Timothy of a character from a children's story, always positive, always beaming. Sometimes Timothy wondered if Alder had ever been sad, or if he even knew the meaning of the word.

"Hello, hello," the old man said as he planted a kiss on his wife's lips. "What's with the long faces?"

"The King is dead," Master Nilla said dryly.

"Long live the King," Emmu added, raising his glass in mockery.

Alder's smile disappeared and his wrinkled face adopted a more somber expression. "Oh dear. How's Ara?"

Master Nilla smiled reassuringly. "She's alright. You know our Ara."

"She has steel wings. But the capital has enough fire to melt them. I wish she'd come back." Alder's eyes dropped like a puppy's and Timothy wondered how could a face be so expressive. In just a few seconds, he had gone through a range of emotions most people experienced over the course of an entire day.

Master Nilla held her husband's hand and gave it a little squeeze. "Have faith in our girl, Alder."

As the couple comforted each other in silence, Timothy couldn't help but glance at Emmu. He knew what he was thinking, it was the same thing that Timothy himself was musing about: it must be nice to have a family that worries about you. For a few seconds, he wondered if his father would have shared the same level of concern for his safety. There was no point in entertaining the thought, he concluded, and his attention went back to the empty plate in front of him.

Emmu's voice broke the silence. "We'll do it today. We'll go to the Scorpion's lair today."

Master Nilla looked less than impressed. "I'm not sure you're ready for it, Master Eldon."

"Even if I'm not, I can't just stay here while the Marquise takes all the risks. This is my fight too," Emmu growled, his competitiveness showing.



"You can't go alone." Master Nilla laid back on her chair, considering her options.

Timothy spoke at once. "He obviously won't. Where Emmu goes, I go."

Instinctively, his hand travelled across the table and found Emmu's. He squeezed it, just like Master Nilla had done to Alder, and realized he did have someone to worry about, and who worried about him. All the family he'd ever need was beside him.

Emmu grinned, confident. "It's a plan, then."

********

******** Ravenport was not like he remembered.

When Timothy had visited, almost fifteen gears ago, he had found a sunny, cheery city famous for its ice-creams, dancing and exotic jewelry. Now, Ravenport had not a spot of color. Gone was the vibrant mood that used to rule over this place and its inhabitants. Now, it was all dull, dark and gloomy. Perpetually cloudy skies covered the entire city and the heavy rains that fell were as common as the ravens that crossed the heavens every morning, and which gave the city its name. Dead trees lined the stony streets and a heavy mist floated above them, like a blanket that prevented them from blooming.

Like their city, the inhabitants of Ravenport seemed to be endlessly sad. Grey and brooding faces passed them along as they walked down the streets, reminding Timothy of a giant graveyard. Ravenportians really were like the walking wounded.

"What a jolly city," Emmu spoke, his face barely hiding his displeasure.

Master Nilla used a softer tone. "Grey skies tend to do that to people. It's not easy living under the rain."

"Where are all the ice-cream stores?" Timothy asked, turning around but failing to see any of the colorful shops that he remembered.

"They closed," Master Nilla somberly replied. "There hasn't been an ice-cream sold in Ravenport for more than ten gears, ever since Don Patrick died."

Timothy frowned. "Don Patrick? The ice-cream maker?"

"Indeed," Master Nilla acknowledged. "His sudden death took a toll on Ravenport and its people. In a lot of ways, he was the color of the city. There are some who say he was solely responsible for this place's dreamy façade. When he died, Ravenportians simply had no desire to keep up the charade."

Timothy felt a strange emptiness inside. He had been entertaining this thought of him and Emmu eating ice-cream beneath the energetic Ravenportian skies, sharing, laughing, being together. Now, not only was there no ice-cream, but there was no dream at all.

He shook his head, trying to let go of such unimportant thoughts. Emmu would laugh at him if he knew what was going on in his head. After all, there was a battle to prepare for. He'd have all the time in the world to share with Emmu, but after the job was done.

Right. Perspective.

Right. Perspective. As they turned left, leaving the main road behind and entering the side allies, Timothy felt a sudden shift in the temperature. Slowly but surely, the air turned warmer and suddenly, the layers with which they had covered themselves felt unnecessary.

Emmu was first to speak. "What the hell happened?"

"Is something wrong?" a completely unbothered Master Nilla asked.

Timothy smiled ironically. "I think there is. Is this the industrial zone we're entering?"

"It must be, because two streets back was freezing cold and now it's hotter than a whorehouse on payday." Emmu took his cloak off and Timothy mimicked him. The heat was becoming quite unbearable.



"If we want to find any sign of the Scorpion lair, this is our best bet." Master Nilla pointed with her eyes towards one of the factories that was appearing in the horizon, just in front of them.

Several greased-up workers were gathered outside the factory's entrance, smoking and kicking a stone around. None of them looked particularly threatening, so Master Nilla turned to the other side, where another group was reunited around a lamplight. A couple of the men gave them suspicious looks, probably wondering why four sharp-dressed individuals would venture into the industrial side of the city, but none of them did anything.

"What now?" Emmu asked impatiently.

"We are here as visitors, Master Eldon, nothing more. This is an observe and report mission."

Timothy didn't even need to see Emmu to know what he was thinking. No way in hell would that hothead resist the chance for a good fight, especially if they came across a Royder or two. It was clear Master Nilla didn't know Emmu, if she thought he would simply observe and report. Timothy too wasn't loving the idea of wasting any more time.

"Why don't we separate?" he suggested, thinking on the spot. "Master Nilla, you and Alder can take the left side. Emmu and I will go right."

Master Nilla grimaced at the idea, but after a few seconds she agreed, probably because she didn't want to engage in a battle of stubbornness with Emmu. "Don't do anything stupid. I mean it."

As soon as they were alone, Emmu's attitude changed. Entering full battle mode, he began walking slower, his eyes lingering on every suspicious face that passed them, attracting a lot of unnecessary attention.

"So, Emmu, I've been meaning to ask you something," Timothy began as they entered an alley far more dilapidated than the one they were leaving.

Emmu didn't turn to see him. "What's that?"

"Are you okay? You've been acting kind of strange for the last couple of days." He stopped and considered the best way to approach the subject. "I feel... I feel like you're hiding something from me." He immediately regretted those words. "Not that you have to tell me everything, it's just that..."

"Timmy," Emmu stopped and looked at him, smiling in a way that made Timothy feel lighter. "You're right. I am hiding something from you. I don't want to, I just don't know what to tell you."

"Is something wrong? You know you can trust me."

"I do. And I will tell you, or rather I'll show you. It's just that I need more time. To understand." Emmu pursed his lips as he ran his hand through his sapphire hair. "I think... I have discovered something new. About myself. And I need to understand and control it before I can show it to you."

"I don't want to pressure you," Timothy quickly added, suddenly feeling embarrassed. "I don't want you to show me anything you don't want to..."

"Timmy, I'm dying to show you. I just can't. Not yet."

His sapphire looked at him, his eyes pleading for understanding, and Timothy had no choice but to comply. What else could he do when Emmu was doing his best? If there was anything clear, it was that Timothy was there for Emmu. Whatever he needed, whether it was time or space, Timothy would give to him. He had made that choice ever since he decided to go to Slatehallow.

for "I'm not going anywhere, Emmu. Whenever you're ready, I'll be here."

"I know you will."

The two of them stayed silent, eyes on each other as the steam surrounded them. Timothy could hardly notice the heat anymore. If anything, he quite liked it. It felt warm and pleasant, especially next to Emmu. It was a strange feeling, but one he welcomed. It became clear to him that this moment, like so many others he had shared with Emmu, was different from the rest. This was a special one, and he wished that it could somehow last longer. Then again, if it did, it would cease to be a moment, and if everything was just special moments, would any of them be truly special?



A couple of shadows walking in the distance effectively ended the mood. Timothy's eyes stumbled upon one of the shadows and he saw something that made his blood freeze.

The man was tall and gangly and he had no shirt. Instead, he was wearing what seemed to be a backpack that reminded him of the machinery worn by the fireflies from the blimp attack. For a moment, his eyes stayed fixated on the man, who hadn't noticed him yet, before turning to discover his three companions had the same backpack.

"Timmy, is everything okay?" Emmu asked, before turning to see what had caught Timothy's attention.

As soon as Emu saw the men, his fists clenched and his body went livid. Timothy had to grab him by the arm to prevent him from running towards the men.

"Emmu, let's not do anything stupid."

"Observe and report my ass. We need to know where the lair is and destroy it before they can finish the bird. This is our chance."

"What if one of them escapes and alerts the others about our presence? Then our only chance will be ruined. They will be on to us, not to mention they'll probably disappear with the bird and it's back to square one."

"Then we better make sure none of them escapes."

And before he could do anything, Emmu had broken free and was running towards the men. All four took a while to realize the sapphire's presence, but when they did, all hell broke loose. Emmu took one of them by surprise and used his deathly legs to knock him out at once. Two others immediately turned to face Emmu in battle, while a third one ran away, without even trying to get involved in the upcoming conflict.

"Timmy!" Emmu shouted, signaling him to pursue the fugitive and he wasted no time.

When they were children, Timothy was usually the one who'd do all the stupid things and Emmu would just follow along. It was a nice change of pace to have the roles reversed now that they were adults.

As he ran past Emmu and his opponents, his eyes widened in fear when he saw what was coming out of the steam-powered backpacks. He had expected wings, like the attackers from the blimp, but instead of that, a long, sharp and mechanical scorpion's tail came out and launched at Emmu, who barely avoided it in time. Holding up his desire to stay and help, Timothy instead focused on catching up to the man that had ran away.

The scorpion was pretty fast and Timothy had to struggle to keep up. Indeed, at first he thought the man would escape, but he knew that wasn't an option. The backpack on the man was steaming like hell, but he must've not been able to activate it while running, because no scorpion's tail came out of it.

Then, rather abruptly, the fugitive turned left and Timothy almost fell trying to follow him. The narrow alley the man had entered seemed to lead outside of the industrial zone and back to the city's center, and Timothy felt his heart shrink when he exited into a sea of people. The cold air hit him like a train and his entire exposed body shook like a rattle. The scorpion was quickly losing himself in between the crowd and Timothy had to fight his way across the human tide.

Even in the middle of a rain of loud grunts and screams, all Timothy could hear was his heartbeat in his ears. Every desperate throb made him more certain this chase would lead him nowhere, and yet his feet seemed to ignore all common sense; instead, they kept running towards the danger. The scorpion turned to make sure he was still being followed and suddenly Timothy understood.

This man wasn't running away. He was going towards something.

It was like a spark had lit up inside him. Equal parts frantic and encouraged, Timothy gained up on the man just as the two climbed the stairs that led to the upper part of the city. He reached for the backpack but the steam burned his hand, forcing him to slow down and lose whatever advantage he had gained.

Growling furiously, Timothy resumed his chase, his teeth so clenched he was sure they'd break at any moment. The scorpion was now running in a straight line towards a tall and battered old building. Knowing that was probably the man's destination, Timothy acted instinctively. As soon as he was close enough, he jumped towards the man and tackled him. However, the two lost their balance and fell back to the lower part of the city, landing on top of a glass marquee.

The loud crack drew a wave of screams from passerby, who ran away as soon as the two of them crashed against the ground. A rain of glass covered them and Timothy felt their sharp edges carving against his skin. The unpleasant taste of iron filled his mouth, probably explaining the twinge in his tongue. His back was burning and his head revolving, yet he only took a few seconds of recovery before he gathered all his strengths to get up, stumbling as he did it.

The scorpion had landed on his face, preventing further damage to the backpack, which was now releasing enough steam to be considered a small factory. Knowing full well what would happen if he reached out to try and grab the man again, Timothy used this brief ceasefire to cover his mouth with the sleeve that had teared from his shirt, in a desperate attempt to hide his identity from the large crowd that looked from the distance.

By then, the man and his severely battered face had stood up and was running away again, this time towards the back street next to them. Timothy grabbed what seemed to be a steel tube and ran after him. The moment he stepped on the street, the clang of a heavy and mechanical scorpion's tail welcomed him. He unsuccessfully tried to avoid it and the tail landed on his throat, forcing him towards the wall as the air began to leave his body.

Timothy realized the man was too far away to try and hit him, so he turned his attention to the tail that was still pressing his neck. Grabbing it with both hands, he struggled with it until he managed to release himself. Then, docking to escape the sharp and surely deathly sting, he picked up the tube and hit the tail with all his strength. The scorpion lost his balance as a wave of vibrations made him shudder violently. Then, with a loud hiss and a steam cloud akin to a miniature volcano eruption, the backpack collapsed and Timothy knew it was his time.

Wielding the tube with both hands, he hit the man directly in the cheek, the intensity of the blast spreading throughout his arms and all the way to his head. A cascade of red blood came out the man's mouth as he fell to the ground with a loud bang that shook the entire stone beneath them. Smiling in victory, Timothy dropped the tube and leaned against the wall behind him. The air seemed to enter his lungs with unusual willingness and he felt his entire body hot, as if he was the backpack.

But there was no time to lose. He'd have plenty of time to rest when he was back at Master Nilla's, once the prisoner was safely locked away in one of the dark rooms beneath the house. Taking another overly deep breath, Timothy turned to pick the man up but his heart stopped when he found the sting of the tail in front of him.

It all happened so fast. The sting moved in the bat of an eye and found Timothy's chest. A searing pain made him collapse at once. His vision blurred and his mouth tasted copper and the last thing he saw was the grey sky above him.

The it all went dark.





A Death in the Castle





Estella Rose Lovegrove climbed the steps of Chroniker Cathedral alongside her four sons. The five of them, plus Electa, led the procession, the coffin that carried Samuel just a few steps away. The entirety of Ivoryport had dressed in black to say goodbye to their beloved King, whose sudden and untimely death had taken all of Makina by surprise.

As she held on to her son, Edison, Estella tried to avoid the inquisitive gaze of the subjects that had gathered to pay their respects. They kept giving her this Oh, that poor woman kind of look that was completely uncalled for. The reality was that she felt close to nothing. The news of Samuel's death had indeed taken her by surprise, but no sadness had filled her heart, no tears had flooded her eyes. She hadn't felt happy either, as so many in the Cathedral probably thought she would.

Oh, that poor woman Instead, she felt... nothing at all.

Her sons also seemed to be rather unaffected by their father's death. Buford was crying his eyes out, but Raynard, Edison and Hugo were as stoic as she was. The eyes of all three were covered by the goggles that had become a permanent fixture in their faces, as well as the mouth covers that made them look like dogs with muzzles. They were barely speaking and Estella wondered, or maybe hoped that they were somehow hiding their pain to try to cope with the situation.

Electa, the fragile little girl, was the saddest of them all. Her dainty body was shaking and her soft features were contorted in severe anguish. Nestor Lawrence Hammer, her future husband, walked beside her, a look of deep concern in his eyes as the girl seemed on the verge of collapsing. The two of them seemed to be getting along far better than she would've hoped and the thought made her stomach turn.

"Sweet little girl," Estella said, walking towards her step-daughter, who literally shrunk at her presence. "You look positively ghastly. Have you eaten anything at all?"

"Well, her father just died ." Nestor's tone was defensive and he seemed to jump into protective mode as soon as he saw Estella approaching.

just died God only knows the stories this little girl had told him about the big, bad Withered Flower.

God only knows the stories this little girl had told him about the big, bad Withered Flower. "Is that so? I hadn't realized." Estella said sweetly, before turning back to the little girl. "Would you excuse us for a moment, Viscount? I would like to speak to my step-daughter alone."

"I don't want him to leave," Electa whimpered, grabbing his hand and daring to look at Estella for the first time.

Nestor put his arm around the little girl and challenged Estella with his eyes. "I am her future husband. We do not have secrets between each other. Whatever you have to say, you can say in front of me."

Estella clenched her teeth. "It seems you had no reason to fear, little girl. Young Nestor here seems to be quite in love with you."

He smiled warmly. "What's not love?"

"Give it some time, Viscount, and you'll answer that question for yourself. Excuse me."

Estella turned and walked away from the young couple, her fists clenched and her breath shallow. Now that Samuel was dead, there was no reason to deny her true feelings towards the silly little girl she was leaving behind. The truth was, she hated Electa. She hated her innocence, her calm demeanor, her bright and promising future. She had been expecting to find a destroyed little girl with no one left to comfort her. Instead, she had found a loved and protected future bride, safe in the arms of a dashing young Viscount. Now, Estella hated her more than ever.

"Your Grace, I'm so very sorry." The loud and shrill voice of Livilla Ada Goodenough took her out of her thoughts and she barely had time to react when the woman's petite arms surrounded her. "Is there anything I can do for you, my dear Queen?"



Estella barely made an effort to hide her irritation. A death in the castle was, after all, the perfect reason to drop the masks. "There really isn't, Lady Livilla. If there was, I would've already asked."

"It's all just so sad," Livilla said in between sobs. "The King was so kind and lively. My heart is broken. Poor Buford is also destroyed, Your Grace. He's trying to put on a brave face for you, but he's grief-stricken."

Estella turned to her son, who was quite literally bawling, and rolled her eyes at his poor attempt to put on a brave face.

Livilla continued. "I'm sure he could use your love right now, Your Grace. Perhaps a hug or even a kind word..."

"Lady Livilla, of the many, many things you're not good at, giving parenting advice must be number one."

many "Your Grace, I did not mean to..." Livilla began, but Estella had no more time for her.

"You never mean to, yet you always do. From now on, Lady Livilla, I advise you to keep your mouth shut. No one cares about anything you have to say."

Estella walked past the stupid Lady and the Marquise, who was standing next to Shooter Viola, and whose eyes watched her leave. Her attention turned towards Raynard, the only one of her sons who was of importance, considering the current situation.

"We need to speak, privately," she murmured and he simply nodded. "After the mass is over. In the Queen's Parlor."

She barely looked at him and said nothing more. Lifting her heavy skirt, she entered the Cathedral, wanting to finish this charade once and for all. She had been married for a long time. Today, she was free.

Whatever that meant.

********

******** The room was dark and somber. The eyes of the antlers that hung from the wall seemed to follow her as she paced through the carpeted floor; they too were judging her. As she waited for Raynard to arrive, Estella's mind toyed with the idea that had tortured her ever since she found out about Samuel's death.

The King had always had a weak heart, so the Physicians weren't surprised when it supposedly gave out. They said his condition was worsened by his recent increase in physical activity , a delicate way of saying he had been fucking so much, his heart literally couldn't take it.

physical activity Estella too would've believed that explanation, had she not seen the look on Samuel's corpse. Her husband's pale face had been overtaken by fear; his eyes were frozen open and bloodshot, his mouth was wide with the ghost of his last scream, the veins on his temples and neck were visibly enlarged and his clothes were soaked in sweat and some kind of blue oil.

The goggle-wearing doctor had told her that Samuel was probably climaxing when his heart simply stop, but Estella knew better. The scared girl her husband had taken as a mistress, and who now was Estella's personal companion, wouldn't hurt a fly. There was no way she, or anyone else for that matter, would've provoked such fear in Samuel, especially during sex.

The only ones that had seen the body had been her sons, the Physician, and herself. Almost immediately after Samuel's corpse was discovered, Raynard ordered his cremation. Her son's attitude raised a lot of eyebrows, but no one dared to go against the new King. Still, it was clear to Estella, if not to anyone else, that her husband, the King of Makina, had been scared to death.

And she only had one suspect. The person who would've had the most to gain from the King's death. The one person she knew would have no problem killing him.

Raynard walked into the room silently, so much so that it took her a few seconds to realize he was already there. He stood in front of her, quietly, and for a moment it seemed as if he wasn't even breathing. As her eyes found him, she searched for some glimmer of the kind boy he used to be.His face was almost completely covered, but even if it wasn't, she knew she would find nothing but emptiness and indifference.



"What is that you want to discuss, mother?" Raynard's voice was monotone, emotionless, like a commuter waiting for the train to arrive.

Estella remained silent as she tried to think of the words to approach the subject. She had to be careful, as she was now speaking to the King of Makina. And she was no longer the Queen, now she was just Queen Mother. If Raynard had indeed been able to kill the King, he'd have no problem doing the same to her.

the Would he? Would he truly kill his own mother? Whatever was left of her heart broke at that thought.

"I have never liked to tiptoe around delicate matters," she began, trying her best to hide the fact her heart was galloping, "so I will get right to it. Do you know something about your father's death?"

Raynard tilted his head, like a curious child would. Not a single sound came out of him. Then, he spoke. "Why do you ask?"

Estella almost laughed. "I may be a lot of things, Raynard. Stupid is not one of them."

"Father's heart simply stopped working. I understand it's been a while since he last touched you. You must've forgotten the strength required to have sex, but even you must understand there are some things a man his age wouldn't have resisted."

She lost her shaky grip on tranquility. "Don't you ever fucking dare to speak to me like that again. You are not the man I raised."

"No one is the man you raised. You were never a mother. Why start now?"

"Did you kill your father?" Nothing. "Did you kill your father?"

"No." Raynard's whisper was low, but powerful enough to fill the entire room, and she felt shivers dashing through her body as the word rained up on her.

Her voice broke as she spoke once more. "Do you know who killed him?" Nothing again. "Answer the question, just answer. I will not do anything, I will not say anything, I just need to know."

"Why? What would you gain from knowing? It would just be another excuse for you to hate us."

"I don't hate you. You're my son. No mother hates her son."

Raynard walked to her and she couldn't help but take a step back. "Precisely, mother. You love us because you have to, not because you want to. To you, we are baggage that came along with the crown on your head. You don't care, you never have. You only care now because you're afraid."

Estella's eyes were burning and the tear she had been jealously guarding finally broke free. The rest soon followed. "And should I be? Will you kill me like you killed him?"

" I didn't kill him." His voice, no longer a whisper, seemed to enter her body, striking her very core.

I Estella had moved past scared and was now borderline desperate. "Who then? You know and I want to know. Don't believe for a second that because I'm constantly taken for granted, that I'm some meaningless thing you can simply disregard. I am still the Queen."

"Then perhaps you should tread carefully. The King has just died and no one batted an eye. They'll care less about a dead Queen."

She slapped him with all her might. His goggles fell to the ground and revealed a pair of eyes so dark, they might as well be hollow. She held back a scream as he took his time to compose himself and when he raised his arm, she could barely do a thing.

His open palm met her cheek, sending her across the room and into the wall. She crashed against it and fell to the floor along with a couple of the antlers. Her head was spinning, her cheek was throbbing and her world was shattering. Her body was overflowing with so much anger and pain, she felt like she could strike him down by pure and sheer willpower. Yet, when he began approaching her, all she could do was cover her face, trying to escape his iron fists.



He stopped a few steps away and remained towering over her, looking down on her as if she was some pitiful creature. Then, kneeling, he removed his mouth cover and revealed a grossly enlarged purple tongue, from which a foul and thick slime poured.

He spoke through teeth so white, they seemed to glow. "Consider this a warning. Do not try to discover things which do not concern you. Do not mess with those who can run right through you. Do whatever it is that has prevented you from interfering with my affairs for the past thirty gears. Don't pick a fight with me, mother. You won't come out alive."

And with those words he left, as quickly and quietly as he had arrived, leaving behind a shattered woman and a putrid smell.

********

******** The throne room was pitch dark.

With no one in it, the room seemed so vast, overwhelming even. Estella sat in the throne, a tall glass of jenever carelessly balancing in her hand. Next to her, sitting in the chair Estella usually occupied, the scared little girl sobbed in silence, her eyes nailed to the floor. She hadn't said a single word all day and Estella knew why. She was scared. Without Samuel there to protect her, she was now at Estella's mercy. A tough position to find oneself in.

Still, Estella had no plans to torture her further. Not right away, anyway.

Not right away, Her left cheek was still burning, and a nasty ache had settled on her temples. Whether from the slap or from the obscene amount of alcohol she had ingested, she could not say, but she didn't really care either. A lot of things had happened that night that she was choosing to ignore, and that was one of them. Maybe if she ignored them strongly enough, they would simply vanish from her memory.

Maybe she could make herself forget.

The doors to the room opened and in came the Marquise. Still wearing the same black dress she attended the funeral with, the girl looked pale and mournful, but somehow still tough. Her face was unyielding, her figure imposing. She looked every bit as regal as any King that had ever sat in that very throne.

"You called for me, Your Grace?" she asked in a low and composed voice.

"Yes." Suddenly, Estella found herself lost for words and she had to take another large sip of jenever to get her ideas flowing. "I wanted to know if you had spoken to my son today."

"I have not, Your Grace."

"Good." Her answer took the Marquise by surprise, but Estella had no time for formalities. "Raynard is not himself right now. I suggest you don't approach him in the next couple of days. I reckon he needs some time. To process things." She took another drink and noticed the glass was now half empty.

The Marquise firmly nodded. "I understand." She stopped and hesitated for a few seconds, before asking. "How are you, Your Grace? Is there anything you need?"

Estella couldn't help but laugh at the sheer ridiculousness of that question. "Why is it that in times of mourning, people always ask the mourner if she needs something? What could she possibly need that they'd be able to get?" She sneered at the Marquise, before turning her attention to the ceiling above. "As it turns out, dear Marquise, there are quite a lot of things that I need, none of which can be provided by you."

The room had now turned cold as both women began a dangerous dance in which neither had complete control. Instead, they just spun around, trying to keep up with the imaginary music that someone else had set for them, someone who was always out of sight. Estella's eyes came back down and found the Marquise's. What she saw in those caramels made her blood boil.

"I assume," she hissed through barely moving lips, "that seeing me like this must be making you curse your own condition. The prospect of ending like me. You hate it. You hate me ."

this me "I do not hate you." The Marquise used a warm and amiable tone and Estella felt her insides erupting.

"No. What's worse, you pity me. You look at me and all you see is the Withered Flower, the sad, pathetic woman who has spent her days drowning in bitterness. I don't need your compassion, Marquise. I don't need your anything."

pity Estella's eyes had once again gone against her will and were now operating under their own agenda, releasing the droplets that refused to go away. In that moment, Estella hated everyone. The Marquise, Electa, Raynard, Samuel, the scared and stupid little girl sitting next to her. Above all, she hated herself, she hated Estella Rose Lovegrove. Her stupidity, her weakness, her pain, her conformity.

She had never hated anyone as much.

"You're right to be afraid," Estella said, recovering her composure. "Of Raynard. He is changed. As a boy he used to be so kind and gentle. He is neither of those anymore." She closed her eyes and saw her son's deformed and hollow face again and a sob escaped from the deepest corners of her being. "You should fear what this chair will do to him and to his brothers. The moment you marry him, you'll not only have a crown on your head, you'll have a target too. Your nightmare is just beginning, my dear. Take a good look at me. This is what awaits you."

This The Marquise remained mute for what seemed to be an eternity, yet her eyes never left Estella. They stayed firm on her, challenging and adamant, as if they were trying to singlehandedly win some competition Estella wasn't aware of.

"I am not afraid," she finally spoke, her voice as steadfast as her eyes. "Your son. I know what he is. He will not break me, that I promise you. And when all this is over, all the flowers will get to bloom once more. Maybe even the withered ones."

And without saying more, she left the throne room, shutting the door behind her and immersing them in darkness once more. A few seconds later, Estella found herself laughing again. Silly tough girl. She'll break. They all break. We all break .

Silly tough girl. She'll break. They all break. We all break The scared little girl beside her cleared he throat and Estella looked down on her, as if she was a stray dog or a broken machine. It felt good to pity someone, especially after being pitied all day long.

"With your leave, Your Grace," the girl weakly said as she stood up.

"No." Estella spoke in between laughs, enjoying the girl's anguish and fright. "You'll stay and drink with me and you'll stop when I tell you to stop. If I tell you to stop."

If "But Your Grace, it's past midnight..."

"And do you have somewhere else to be? There's no one left to fuck you, stupid girl, my husband is dead. You have nothing left, no one to protect you. I own you."

own The scared girl opened her mouth to protest again but Estella had no manners left. She abruptly walked towards the girl and grabbed her by the face, pulling her to the narrow space where the moonlight entered through the window.

"Look at me! This is what my son, the future King of Makina did to me, his own mother. Look at me. Look!" The scared girl cried in horror as she tried to pull away, but Estella buried her long nails in the girls cheeks, making her scream. "What do you think he'll do to you? All I need to do is say the word."

Estella threw the girl to the floor, knocking one of the chairs in the process. The scared and pathetic child looked at her with eyes so filled with hatred, Estella was sure she was being slapped again. Yet she didn't care. She was used to that look. It was the same with which so many had looked at her before. Samuel, her father, Raynard. She was familiar with that look. She embraced it. After all, she was the Withered Flower. Almost all of her petals had already fallen. Why stop withering now?





A Broken Man





Eldon paced around the parlor, hands behind his back, head spinning and heart wrenching.

The moment Master Nilla crossed the door carrying Tim's unconscious body, his world shrunk to fit the size and form of his fallen companion. Everything disappeared for a minute before he managed to put himself together again. The physician was called and, by nightfall, it was clear that the poison with which Tim had been stung was strong enough to keep him knocked out for the rest of the night and the following day.

Eldon couldn't sleep that night. He struggled and barely stopped himself from going to Tim's room and check on him every five minutes. You've done enough , he kept saying to himself, over and over again. It was like punching himself in the gut, but it was necessary. Tim was hurt because of him, because of his recklessness and his stubbornness.

You've done enough The truth was, Eldon had overestimated both himself and Tim. It was true that the two of them were different from other people. They were undeniably faster and stronger; they had received training after all. But they were also more resistant. Eldon remembered once when a big stone sculpture from the Second Transmission fell on top of him and one of his Museum friends. The other man died on the scene, yet Eldon, who had received the full weight of the sculpture, barely stayed on the Healhouse for a couple of days before making a full recovery.

Discovering they were both immune to Royder blood had made Eldon more daring, more careless. He had thought the two of them were untouchable, invincible even. He had been wrong and Tim had paid the prize for his stupidity. If it had been himself, Eldon would've been angry but he would've accepted the consequences of his own actions. But it had been Timmy who had suffered and Eldon hated himself for causing him such pain.

Despite everything, he knew Tim would be okay. The old physician had said he would make a full recovery and now Eldon found himself fearing the moment when Tim opened his blue eyes. Would he blame him? Would he be angry? He'd have every right. Eldon wanted him to be angry, yet he knew he wouldn't be. Instead, he would be calm and understanding.

In other words, he would be Tim.

Morning came and Eldon left his room, not daring to face the mirror. He knew how he must've looked like and he really didn't need to see it. A shiver took over his body as he walked past Tim's door, once again stopping himself from going into the room. Tim would still be resting, there was no point in disturbing him. He kept walking, ignoring the urge that kept pulling him back to the room, and made his way to the kitchen.

Master Nilla and Alder were already sitting and Eldon felt another chill as he sat down. He was ready for the big speech Master Nilla would surely give him, about how he'd been an irresponsible idiot and how he could've had Tim killed. Instead, he received nothing but a warm smile from Alder, and a completely indifferent face from Nilla.

"I suppose," Eldon began as he poured some juice into his cup, "that you have some words for me."

Master Nilla smirked. "You suppose wrong. I'm not in the habit of kicking a man when he's already down. One look at you is enough to know just how bad you're having it, Master Eldon. I trust seeing Tim like that is more than enough punishment for you."

"You do look terrible, boy. Did you sleep at all last night?" Alder passed him a plate full of pastries. "Here, have a cake. You'll feel better after you've had one."

Eldon smiled at him in gratitude. "Thank you. Both of you. I..." his voice broke but he made a useless effort to conceal it. "I know I was wrong in acting the way I did."

"Yes. You were." Master Nilla's face was stone-like and Eldon could see she too was struggling to keep her anger in line. "I hope you've learned your lesson. I'm not against you, Master Eldon, I'm here to help you. This won't work if you don't trust my judgement."



"I know. I am sorry. I mean it."

"We know, dear." Suddenly, Alder stood up and walked over to him. Taking him by surprise, he gave Eldon a tight and warm hug. "Tim will be alright. And Nilla and I are happy you got away unharmed. We were told you were a good fighter, but you've really surprised us."

It took a few seconds for Eldon to reciprocate the hug. He wasn't used to such displays of affection. His adoptive father had never hugged him; hell, he hardly ever saw him. All his previous lovers had complaint about him being too cold and distant. It was one of the main reasons his relationship with Harvey deteriorated.

He'd had some hugs with Tim ever since he returned, but the silver-haired man was the only one whose contact did not bother Eldon. So he was pleasantly surprised when he found himself not only reciprocating Alder's hug, but welcoming it. It was nice to feel someone else's care for a change.

"Our guest has also woken up," Nilla said, barely acknowledging her husband's affectionate display. "Don Timothy was quite effective with his attacker. Unlike you, he made sure to knock out the man, instead of killing him."

"Oh, yes." Eldon lowered his eyes, ashamed of his murderous impulses.

He had been struggling with how easy murder came to him. Back in the alley, he had absolutely no problem in snapping the men's necks. At the moment, he justified it with the old It was them or me speech. Undoubtedly, the men would've killed him, no questions asked. Now, with the benefit of hindsight, he was forced to confront his own bloodthirst and he wasn't sure he liked the answer. Death came easily to him. Too easily .

It was them or me Too easily "How are we going to fix this mess?" Eldon ran his hands through his hair as the weight of his actions feel upon him at once, just like the stone sculpture had. "The bodies, the men... the Steam Scorpion will know we're here, I have ruined everything for us..."

Alder shook his head. "Stop. The Steam Scorpion has no shortage of enemies. Besides, Nilla and I have connections with some high-ranking members of the SteelCorps. We have struck a deal with them. They'll take full responsibility for the two murders and have agreed to say they have Don Timothy's attacker under their custody. Don't think they're doing it out of the kindness of their hearts, though. It looks good for them, an arrest like this one. Besides, they're used to taking credit for the achievements of others."

This time, Master Nilla released some of her anger. "We were fortunate this time, Master Eldon. We managed to clean a potentially dangerous mess. But don't think for a second we'll do it again should you decide to act stupidly again. Be more careful next time, because we might not be there to rescue you. Understood?"

Eldon was firm in his reply. "Understood."

"Good." Master Nilla took a deep breath, probably wanting to let go of any remaining trace of anger. "Now, eat fast. We have a prisoner to interrogate."

********

******** The room in which the prisoner was held could've passed for an actual dungeon. It had a very low ceiling and it was quite cold. A strong draft seemed to come out of somewhere, one that barely concealed the musty smell that emanated from the moss-covered walls. The torches that hung on each of the four pillars that supported the room were barely resisting the strong wind and Eldon wasn't surprised when the prisoner let out a loud and ugly cough that lingered for a while.

Master Nilla walked over to the man and threw a blanket on his back, a gesture he must've silently appreciated. "We will bring you some food after you answer our questions."

The man quite literally growled at her, raising his head to meet her gaze. He spat at her feet, revealing the purple tongue that was a Royder trademark.



"The sooner you speak, the sooner you'll be able to leave," Alder said, his face as soft as his words.

"Where is the Scorpion's lair?" Unlike her husband, Master Nilla had no warmth in her voice. Instead, she was cold and steely, detached even. Looking at the couple in action, Eldon understood that the Marquise was the perfect combination of both of them: she had Alder's tact and affability, and Nilla's adamant resolve.

"Eat shit!" the man screamed, his features contorting, resembling an enlarged toad.

Alder covered his mouth. "Oh my!"

Nilla, clearly a veteran in these sort of games, simply smiled and shook her head. Then, she took out a gun from her pockets, just like the one the Marquise had used back on their first night in the manor, and pointed it at the man's temple.

The man smirked. "You'll have to do better than that. You know what I am." He stuck his uncommonly large tongue out and wiggled it around. "A gun? It ain't gon' kill me."

Nilla smirked harder. "It won't kill you. It'll just ruin you. And believe me, a broken man is in far more pain than a dead one." She pulled the hammer from the gun, mainly, Eldon knew, for dramatic effect, though he doubted the prisoner understood that. "I ask again: where is the Scorpion's lair?"

The man silently stared at the gun and when a few seconds passed and no words came out of his mouth, Nilla pulled the trigger. A bolt of lightning came out of the gun and hit the man on the face. His scream was so loud that Eldon was sure Tim must've heard it in between his dreams. The man convulsed as the lethal blue ooze poured out of his mouth and into the floor.

Eldon suddenly felt uncomfortable in that room. Seeing Master Nilla torturing the man felt strange. Even though he was an enemy, a man possessed and far beyond salvation, Eldon still got no pleasure out of his pain. Still, remembering what was at stake here, remembering the smell of burning bodies and bloody faces at Ironport, he did his best to keep his cool. Besides, Master Nilla wouldn't kill the Royder; she was smarter than that.

The man finally stopped screaming as the last sparks abandoned him. Smoke came out of his body and the blue drool had practically soaked his clothes.

Master Nilla spoke again. "Where is the Scorpion's lair?" She made sure to enunciate each word, and in doing so, she sounded far scarier than ever. Still, the man stayed silent.

She shot again.

This time, the spark was strong enough to light the entire room. The man shook so furiously that the wooden chair to which he was strapped cracked under the pressure. Now on the floor, the man jumped like a fish out of water. Feeling incredibly sorry for him, Eldon turned to Master Nilla, expecting to see her stony face. Instead, he saw the woman struggling to keep her resolute façade. Her breaths were quick and short, her jaw was clenched and her hand shaky.

Eldon understood she wasn't enjoying this either. She did this out of duty, not pleasure. Desperate times call for desperate measures. Was it the right thing to do? Probably not. In a way, in several ways actually, it made them no different than the Scorpions. They were just as violent.

Desperate times call for desperate measures. Then again, who was he to judge Master Nilla's actions? He was worse than her. He was a killer. A cold-blooded, unremorseful killer. His eyes met hers, and he knew she was thinking the same things. Perhaps the two of them needed to be better people. They didn't say anything, though. This was neither the time nor the place. They simply turned back to the man, who was now lying on the verge of unconsciousness.

"Where is the Scorpion's lair?" Master Nilla asked one final time and the man turned to her, a defeated expression on his face.

Eldon knew it was only a matter of time. The man would break and he'd tell them what they wanted to know. He should feel good about it. But he didn't.



********

******** The faint light of the moon came in through the barely opened window. A soft breeze gave the room a warm and refreshing feeling, one that did a lot to calm Eldon's mind. He sat next to the still sleeping Tim, patiently awaiting the moment when he finally opened his eyes.

After the broken man finally caved and told them what they wanted to hear, Eldon decided to go for a walk to try to clear his mind. However, knowing it might be dangerous to amble around the city, he decided to train by himself in the garden, waiting for night to fall so that he might finally go and be by Tim's side.

Now, as he watched his friend's peaceful breathing, he pondered the events of the last two days, trying to make sense out of them. Eldon couldn't help but feel like he was at a turning point in his journey. He had the choice to keep going down the violent path he was already on, or he could try to choose another, one less brutal.

Whatever he did, he knew he had to talk to Tim first. He felt it was a decision that concerned the two of them. The truth was, he liked to think he was a part of Tim's life. He liked to think that, once all this was over, and assuming they survived, they wouldn't part ways again. They'd stay together. As friends.

Just friends?

Just friends? Eldon shook his head rapidly. For the last couple of days, his thoughts had suddenly been invaded by an annoying little voice that whispered absurd ideas. Tim and him together? Never. Eldon cared about Tim far too much to risk their relationship and sex complicated everything. Besides, Tim wasn't interested in him, not that way. He had a sort of girlfriend waiting for him back in Vanderport.

Eldon stood up, trying to walk those thoughts away. Why now, when there were so many things that were far more important than his silly ideas? When their entire attention had to be in the job, when their lives practically depended on their success? Why now?

And why not? What better moment to dare?

And why not? What better moment to dare? "Fuck," he whispered as his hands ruffled his hair in desperation.

"Ah, Fuck. What a word to wake up to."

The sound of Tim's voice hit him like a train. He turned and crossed the room in two strides, taking the same sit he had left. "Hey, easy now. How are you feeling?"

"Thirsty," Tim replied through dried lips. Eldon quickly took the glass of water from the nightstand and handed it to Tim, who drank the liquid as if he had never had a drop before. "Much better. How long have you been here?"

Eldon smiled sheepishly. "A while. Timmy, I..."

"Don't." Tim raised his hand to stop him from talking. "This wasn't your fault, it was mine. I should've been more careful."

Eldon felt his voice breaking again, but this time he didn't fight against the feeling. "We're not going to get into a fight about which of the two is more stupid. I'm sorry, Timmy. You're the most important person in my life. I..." he stopped himself from saying more than he should.

For a moment, he felt like a child again. A thousand butterflies in his belly fluttered around, the same ones that had been dreaming of Tim every single night since his return. He wondered if it'd be wise to set them free and he felt them in his chest as they tried to make their way out of his body. Would they perhaps escape through the open window, or would they fly towards Tim and wrap themselves around him, refusing to let him go?

"What?" Tim asked, his blue eyes sparkling through the dark that surrounded them.

No. There's no point. Eldon bit his tongue and shut his mouth, forcing the butterflies back into his insides.

No. There's no point. "Well, if you died, I'd be left to deal with the Marquise and her Master all by myself. It doesn't really seems fair, does it?"

Of course he'd use a fucking joke. God, he was an idiot.

Of course he'd use a fucking joke. God, he was an idiot. Timmy, of course, let out a laugh, which rapidly became a cough. "I suppose it doesn't. Was she too tough on you?"

"Not at all, actually. She said my being worried for you was enough punishment. Alder even hugged me."

"He's an awfully sweet man, isn't he? He celebrates even my simplest achievements."

"That he is. But how are you? Can I get you anything? Should I call the physician?"

"No, no, I'm fine. You know me, I'm tough as nails. I'd rather you stay here and fill me in on what happened."

"Well, I had a pretty savage fight with my attackers. I sort of lost control and killed them both." Tim raised his brows in surprise, but said nothing. "But the scorpion you chased is very much alive. He is currently sitting in a room three floors below us."

Tim got up and sat, leaning against the headboard. "Is he really? Did you make him sing?"

"It required some pretty heavy convincing, but yes, he did sing." Eldon spared him the gruesome details. "And now we have a location. Master Nilla and Alder are going to check it out in three days' time. They forced me to stay here, though. I fear they don't completely trust me anymore."

Tim feigned surprise. "Why would that be?"

"Do you think you'll be better by then?"

"I'm sure of it. Why do you ask?"

A small and knowing smile touched the corner of Eldon's lips. "Well, I was thinking we could take a little trip of our own. I want us to visit someone."

Tim frowned. "Who?"

"An old friend." Eldon said nothing more and Tim gave him a reproachful look. However, he simply nodded, probably too tired to argue. "Anyway, I'll go get the maid. You must be hungry."

Eldon got up and walked towards the door, but stopped before turning the doorknob.

"Timmy?"

"Yes, Emmu?"

"I don't want to lose myself." His words must've made no sense to Tim, because he didn't say anything. "I don't want to be the sort of person who kills indiscriminately. I don't want to be the sort of person who doesn't feel anything after a murder."

"I didn't think you were," Tim delicately replied.

Eldon sighed, feeling a bit better about himself. "That's because you always see the best in me."

"You make it easy for me to do so." Tim lowered his head, as if thinking of his next words. "I think we're going down a path were not killing may not always be an option. What's important is what we do with the chances where it is. Those are the moments when we truly show who we are. I know who you are, Emmu, and you do too, even if you lose sight of it at times."

"I do know who I am. That's why I'm afraid," Eldon said as he stepped out to the hall.

"It's good that you have me by your side then. I will check your worst impulses."

"And what happens when you're not by my side?"

Tim grinned from ear to ear. "We'll just have to make sure I always am, then."

The butterflies in Eldon's stomach became elephants.





A Helping Hand





"That idiot."

"Excuse me?"

"Oh, nothing, nothing." Arabella quickly put down Master Nilla's letter and wrapped it, hiding it from Lady Livilla's prying eyes. "Just upsetting news from back home."

Livilla held her hand, squeezing it. "Everything's alright, I hope."

"It is, fortunately. It could have been really problematic, though."

Arabella turned her attention back to the piece of paper in her hands, which she had already read several times. Master Nilla's news were troubling, but at least everything had worked out in the end. Despite Master Eldon's blatant stupidity, Alder and Master Nilla's swift intervention prevented things from escalating further. And now, at the very least, they had the location of the scorpion's lair in Ravenport. Hopefully, that would also lead them to the bird.

This breakthrough was significant, especially considering the news she had discovered ever since her arrival to the capital. Like she had suspected, the Crown Prince was indeed a Royder, as were two of his brothers. The youngest, Buford, seemed to be the only one who had avoided infection, for reasons she still did not quite comprehend.

To make matters worse, it seemed the parasite was quickly making its way through the capital. Besides the three Princes, one of which Arabella was sure was the definitive host, Indigo had infected the court Physician, the Actuator of Justice, the Actuator of Trade and the Actuator of Power, as well as several members of the RoyalCorps, including the General himself.

Now, Indigo seemed to be putting its plan in motion. The first step was, of course, to kill the king. With Raynard in line to take the throne within the fortnight, Indigo would now have control over all of Makina, which would make the eventual attack on Ironport easier to justify. Its control over the Actuator of Power was also sign that the construction of the bird probably had the full might of the Crown's Engineers.

The King's death meant that Arabella had a ticking clock over her task in the capital. With each passing day, Indigo became stronger and she became an easier target. After much deliberation, she finally concluded the fastest way to deal a blow to Indigo's plans was to kill the three Princes. A dangerous task, indeed, one that would probably end in her own demise. But she was willing to take the risk if it meant delaying Indigo's plans and giving Master Eldon and Don Timothy more time to prepare for the battle of Ironport.

She had not forgotten Master Eldon's words: she had not been part of his vision, which meant she might indeed not be a part of the battle at all. Her role in this story might be shorter than she had imagined, but if that was the case, there was no point in crying about it. She had a job to do. She had always known where this road led.

"What do you think?" Livilla's voice made her come out of her own thoughts, and she turned to find the Lady holding two pieces of bright fabric. "For my chamber's curtains?"

"I like the red one," Shooter Viola said, pointing to the one in the left.

Livilla looked startled. "Red? Isn't' that a bit violent for one's chambers?"

"I think you should go with the gold one," Arabella replied with a smile.

"I think you may be right. Gold it is." Pleased with her choice, Livilla put down the fabrics and took out two pieces of wood, ready to talk about the furniture.

Despite her general shallowness, Lady Livilla had proven to be a faithful and understanding friend. The awful treatment she received from every member of the Royal Family, including her husband, did a lot to endear her not only to Arabella, but to the Shooter as well, who seemed to have taken a particular liking to the woman.



For the last few days, they had chosen to stay away from the heavy and toxic environment of court. They had found a small space in the back of Leverfort, right next to the small pond that housed several ducks and swans. It was quiet and peaceful, and Arabella found herself not only enjoying the moments she spent with the two women, but actually looking forward to them.

Livilla spoke again. "Now let's talk wood."

Shooter Viola's eyes sparked devilishly. "Are we talking about Buford's or someone else's?"

Livilla's mouth opened in shock as a smile tried to make its way through her round face. "Shooter Viola!"

"My dear Lady, you'll have to forgive me. The chance was there, I had to take it..." Viola stopped talking at once and Arabella knew why.

She had heard it too.

Steps behind them. They were slow and heavy, but close. A sudden rise in temperature followed by the unmistakable sound of cogs turning were enough to reveal the proximity of a steam machine. Arabella sensed the danger immediately.

As Shooter Viola flipped the table and kicked it towards someone behind them, Arabella jumped to her left, taking Livilla with her. The Lady let out a high and piercing scream as she fell to the ground, with Arabella on top of her. The sound of a gun firing let her know that Shooter Viola was now fighting against the intruder.

Arabella had been expecting to find a mechanically-enhanced firefly like the ones that had attacked the blimp. Instead, and much to her horror, she turned to find a Royder with a scorpion's tail that came out of a steaming backpack. The mechanical tail moved far quicker than the fireflies' wings, something that became extremely clear when it almost hit Shooter Viola in the shoulder.

The Shooter ran to the other side of the space, firing towards the backpack as she did. Her aim was indeed spectacular, because her bullets landed directly at the center of the machine. The sounds that came out of it resembled those of a roaring beast and in the bat of an eye, the backpack exploded, turning the man into a walking ball of fire.

As he ran towards the pond, seeking solace from the flames, a second scorpion appeared behind the Shooter. Still on the ground, Arabella struggled with her desire to run and help Viola. However, she could not act hastily. It was precisely that attitude that she criticized in Master Eldon. She could not do the same. She had to trust that the Shooter would handle the situation.

And handle it she did. Not only was Viola showing off her skills as a Shooter, she was also proving herself to be a more than capable hand-to-hand combatant. She successfully deviated the tail more than once, and even managed to land a punch on the scorpion's face. However, the man was also an accomplished fighter, and when the Shooter was struck square in the face, Arabella almost lost control and jumped to her aid.

Her resolve was further tested when a third scorpion appeared in front of Livilla and her. The Lady screamed again as the drooling Royder approached them. At once, Arabella called for the Shooter, but the woman was in the heat of battle with the second scorpion and another attacker who had appeared out of nowhere, but who did not seem to carry a backpack. With any hope that Viola would come to their aid gone, a desperate Arabella turned around, trying to find someone who might help them, but her eyes met no one.

She sighed and slowly stood up. She heard the Shooter yelling something at her, but she could not understand her words. She straightened and raised her arms, ready to jump at the Royder, when the man's backpack was struck by what appeared to be an arrow. He turned to look for the archer but instead found the towering figure of August Hannibal Batchelor. The Captain grabbed him by the head and threw his to the ground with surprising ease, before knocking him out with a simple kick.



The sound of another explosion followed by more screams let Arabella know that the Shooter had triumphed over her adversaries. Going back to the floor to hold the still-shaking Livilla, Arabella soon found herself surrounded by more and more voices. Then, the Shooter's hand grabbed her by the arm, helping her up and leading her away from the growing crowd.

********

******** Queen Estella barged into the room, her face ashen and her frame more frail than usual. She almost looked like the perpetually scared girl who always followed her around. She walked over to Arabella, who was sitting beside the sobbing Livilla. The poor Lady had been reduced to a nervous wreck and the Queen's presence would certainly do nothing to calm her down.

"What happened?" the Queen demanded to know.

"We were attacked by three unidentified men, two of which were mechanically enhanced." The Shooter's words were sharp and somewhat tactless, and Arabella wondered if the tone had been on purpose.

"But how could this happen? This is Leverfort! Where were the RoyalCorps?" The Queen looked horrified; she was either a very convincing actress or, as Arabella had assumed for quite a while now, was completely unaware of her children's true nature.

"I do not know, Your Grace," Arabella answered in her most delicate tone, "but no help came to our aid. Had it not been for Shooter Viola, and Captain Batchelor's timely intervention, Lady Livilla and I would have not come out alive."

Livilla let out a loud and chilling groan, one that even made the Queen look sorry for her. The Withered Flower locked eyes with Arabella and, for a moment, it seemed she wanted to say something else. Alas, when she spoke, there was no trace of that brief moment of vulnerability.

"Where is Raynard? Have you spoken with him lately?"

Arabella shook her head. "I have not, Your Grace."

The Queen turned around and addressed her scared favourite. "Go find Captain Tartan. Tell him to meet me in the Queen's Parlor." She took a moment of silent deliberation. "And find Raynard. Tell him to come as well. Captain Batchelor, you too should be present, this concerns us all."

"Of course, Your Grace. If you wouldn't mind, though, I need to first ask some questions to the Marquise."

The Queen looked displeased. "What kind of questions?"

"About the attack and such." Captain Batchelor smiled nonchalantly. "It's protocol."

The Withered Flower rolled her eyes and, without saying another word, exited the room, not even bothering to close the door behind her. As soon as she turned the corner and disappeared from sight, two new figures appeared in the distance. As they approached, their faces became clearer and by the time they entered the room, Arabella had already recognized them.

"My dear Lady Livilla, I'm so sorry." Electa Evangeline Forger, the beautiful dark-skinned princess, younger looking than she probably was, walked over to Livilla, who immediately jumped into her open arms. "You poor thing, you're still shaking. I can't believe the terrible ordeal you've been through."

"I am. Oh, Electa, how I've missed you!" Livilla turned to Arabella, her eyes swollen from the impressive amount of tears they had been shedding. "My dear Marquise, this is my close friend, Electa Evangeline Forger, Princess of Makina. Before your arrival to Leverfort, this sweet girl was my only friend here in the capital."

"It is nice to properly meet you, Princess." Arabella bowed her head, and Electa mimicked her.

"Marquise, an honor indeed. This," she said as she turned to face her companion, "is my fiancée, Nestor Lawrence Hammer, Viscount of Aronport."



"Marquise." The young and dashing man drew a warm smile and bowed so low, Arabella was sure he touched his own knees with his pointy nose. "If you don't mind, I'd like to have a word with you. I believe I have some helpful information."

The Viscount's words took her by surprise and Arabella felt as though she had crashed against a wall. She exchanged looks with the Shooter, who was just as confused, and with the Captain, who seemed unbothered by the young man's request.

"Lady Livilla, why don't we go and catch up with some tea and pastries?" Princess Electa said after exchanging a knowing look with her betrothed.

Livilla's face lit up at once. "I could use a warm cup of tea. Marquise, do join us when you're done with these gentlemen. Shooter Viola, will you be coming along?"

Shooter Viola looked over at Arabella, who spoke to her without words. "I think I'll stay with the Marquise for now. Captain Batchelor, would you be so kind as to ask two of your men to accompany the Princess and the Lady?"

"No need, I have an entourage of Aronportian soldiers. The Lady and I shall be safe."

The two women left the room, closing the door behind them. As the Shooter moved closer to her, Arabella watched the Viscount take a seat in front of them. Captain Batchelor remained standing.

Arabella tried to sound as serene as possible. "So, Viscount, what is this about? May I do something for you?"

"I believe it is I who can do something for you, Marquise," the Viscount answered as he accepted a glass of wine from the Captain.

"The Viscount and I have some delicate information that has not yet been made public," August said, his eyes looking out the window. "Nobody, not even the Queen herself, knows about this."

Shooter Viola spoke impatiently. "By all means, spit it out."

"Ten days ago," the Viscount began, "shortly after my Electa arrived at Aronport, we were attacked. Actually, she was attacked, I just happened to be by her side when it happened. A group of five men made their way into our palace with the purpose of killing her."

"My God," Arabella said, not even needing to fake her reaction.

"Several soldiers died defending us. Those were no ordinary attackers. They had mechanical wings and they flew, of course."

"I have never seen any such thing in all my years in the SteelCorps," Batchelor spoke, this time turning to them. "And I've see a lot of shit."

"Electa was badly shaken up by the attack and understandably so." The Viscount put down the empty glass, refusing a refill. "Still in shock, she kept repeating that it had been her brother who had tried to kill her. When she finally recovered, she confessed to me that she had overheard Raynard and the Actuator of Power discussing the construction of a weapon. She also heard them mentioning a name as a potential mark. Your name, Marquise."

Arabella felt as if her stomach had fallen all the way to her feet. She had not seen this coming. Her mind started racing as a hundred different excuses began to form, each one more ridiculous than the one before.

not "When the Viscount reported Princess Electa's attack and mentioned your name, Marquise, I was obviously all balled up," Captain Batchelor said as he paced around the room. "And only a day later, we received news that you had been attacked in your blimp as you made your way back from Slatehallow. I'll tell you a little secret, Marquise. We at the SteelCorps have long suspected there's some funny business brewing up here in the capital. The recent death of the King confirmed our worst fears: there's someone playing a risky lil' game here. We already suspected the Crown Prince. Most noblemen are a bit, let's say flamboyant, but that bastard is looking at flamboyant in the rearview mirror."



"Everyone in Makina knows Samuel loved Electa more than her other children. He would've made her his heir had he been allowed to." The Viscount's voice was controlled. He did not share the Captain's informal tone. As a nobleman, he clearly still felt a degree of respect towards the royal family.

"It's clear that dear Raynard planned a coup. He not only killed his father, but also wants to get rid of anyone who might represent any competition for the throne of Makina."

The Captain's words bounced on the corners of Arabella's mind. Suddenly realizing the wonderful opportunity that had presented, she quickly tried to find a way to spin this in her favor.

"I did not think it meant anything," she began, using her most unassuming voice.

"You know something, don't you?" the Captain anxiously asked, and she simply nodded, before lowering her eyes, trying to look ashamed. "Tell us."

"I... I do not know if I should." She made her voice shake with surprising ease, convinced her act would fool the men. Shooter Viola, however, was an entirely different story.

"I will give you every single conceivable protection the SteelCorps can afford," Captain Batchelor said, as he adopted a lighter tone. "You can trust us."

"It was during my last visit to the capital," Arabella said, her eyes still down. She began playing with her hands, knowing it would add to her supposed nervousness. "I took a stroll through the gardens with the Crown Prince,. We talked about our plans and ambitions, He said some things that struck me as odd, but nothing too out of the ordinary." She made a stop for dramatic effect. "Then, that night, in the middle of dinner, he excused himself, saying he would only take a while. He left me there, alone, for several minutes. Finally, I decided to go and search for him. As I was his guest, I had access to his chambers, so I went to his private parlor. I was not wearing heels on that occasion, so my steps did not resonate on the wooden floors. When I reached the parlor doors, I heard voices. He was not alone."

"I bet he wasn't," Shooter Viola said through clenched teeth.

"They said some things I could not understand, but they mentioned something about...a machine. A weapon of some sort, and they said they would use it as soon as possible. They mentioned several cities, Ravenport and Ironport are the only ones I can remember. And then they said that, if everything turned out the way it was supposed to, Raynard would be sitting in the throne in less than a gear."

Silence fell on the room as her condemnatory words made their way towards her audience of three, slowly entering their minds. In matters of the court, there was nothing more dangerous than doubt.

I should have been an actress . What a bullseye.

I should have been an actress What a bullseye. "What did you do next?" Captain Batchelor asked, his voice halfway between comprehensive and anxious.

"I ran away at once and went back to the dinner table. It was my last night in the capital, and when Raynard came back, he acted no differently towards me. I left the city thinking he had not known I had eavesdropped on his conversation."

"Clearly, you were wrong," the Viscount said, trying to sound understanding, but instead coming off as condescending.

Captain Batchelor resumed his pacing, clearly trying to put his ideas in order. "Marquise, we're afraid your situation might be more dire than you imagine. It's not a mistake the Queen assigned the best Shooter in Makina as your bodyguard. We believe she too might suspect of her son's intentions."

Arabella stopped herself from smirking. She knew perfectly well that the reason the Withered Flower assigned such a respected Shooter to her service, was to intimidate and keep her in line, nothing more. However, she agreed with the Captain in one thing: the Queen knew more than she revealed.

"What do we do now, then?" Shooter Viola asked, standing up and crossing her arms. "If they tried once, they'll try again, especially if the order comes from our new King."

"We must protect Electa and the Marquise with our own lives, should it be necessary," the Viscount answered solemnly.

"However, we must ask something of you, Marquise." Captain Batchelor approached her and kneeled in front of her. He grabbed her hands, taking her by surprise, and for a moment, he seemed too close for comfort. "We must ask you to undertake a potentially dangerous task. We need more insight into the Prince. We need to know what else is he planning and who is he planning it with. If we can catch them in the act, then we can put an end to their little plot before they use this weapon we've been hearing so much about. We need someone in the inside and who better than you, his future Queen?"

Arabella felt her heart racing. She had been expecting to fight this fight by herself, perhaps using Shooter Viola for some extra support. But now, a helping hand had appeared out of nowhere, one that could make her duty a lot easier.

The Viscount spoke, letting go of all condescension. "I know this is a lot to ask, Marquise, but you can really make a difference for this mission. Electa and I will do our part, but we need you too."

"What exactly will you do?" a doubtful Shooter Viola questioned.

"Electa is rather close with her brothers. I have a somewhat close relationship with them too. We will see who among them, if any, know about Raynard's plans."

Nestor's willingness to undertake such a mission suddenly became clear. If all four Princes were out of the picture, Electa had a direct claim to the throne. Suddenly, the Viscount's actions did not seem so selfless.

Arabella took a moment to feign internal struggle. She turned to the Shooter, who clearly seemed less convinced by her act than the men. Then, she spoke in the perfect mix of selflessness and resignation. "I will do my duty to the Kingdom."

Both the Captain and the Viscount smiled triumphantly, thinking themselves clever. But it was she who had gotten more out of this deal. She would indeed give them insight into Raynard. She would tell them what they needed to hear to move not only against the Crown Prince, but his two brothers too, and she would do it soon.

Life could indeed change in a moment. Just that morning, she had thought her story would be coming to an end.

But, as it turns out, a new chapter was about to start.





A Deep, Cut Off Voice





Three days later, Timothy was feeling much better. His recovery had been faster than expected, but the physician ordered him to stay in bed rest for at least two days. Both Emmu and Master Nilla insisted he obeyed. By the third day, he literally jumped out of the bed, unable to stay a minute longer between linen sheets.

The day went by calmly enough. Both he and Emmu spent the morning and most of the afternoon helping with the finishing touches for the blimp's construction. It was a refreshing change from the constant training they had been enduring. It also gave them some time away from Master Nilla, who had been quite nervous ever since receiving a letter from the Marquise early that morning. Apparently, Arabella had found two unexpected allies in the capital, a SteelCorps captain and the Viscount of Aronport. Far from being impressed, Master Nilla probably saw it as one more thing to worry about.

Night fell upon Ravenport with the subtlety of a hammer. After dinner, Alder and Master Nilla said goodbye and left for their reconnaissance mission. The prisoner's indications would lead them to a hill, under which the entrance to the scorpion lair supposedly stood. They said they would be gone for most of the night, which gave Emmu and him the perfect opportunity to take a trip of their own.

His sapphire had told him they'd be going to meet someone who would give them all the answers they were missing. Timothy trusted Emmu. After all, he had been locked in the library, reading and studying from the Marquise's impressive collection of books. Now, with the Marquise certain that the Crown Prince was the definitive host, Master Nilla and Alder close to discovering the location of the scorpion lair, and Emmu possibly finding something that would aid them in the final fight against the Indigo parasite, Timothy was, at last, seeing the end of this long and tangled up road.

As soon as they found themselves alone, they ran towards the yard. Timothy had been expecting they'd take one of Alder's carts. Instead, Emmu simply stood in the middle of the space, eyes closed as he began taking deep, controlled breaths. For some brief and confusing moments, Timothy thought his sapphire was coming down with something.

"I've never done this kind of travel with anyone else, so you'll have to be patient."

"Emmu, what are you doing? Where are we going? And why didn't you pack anything?"

He had packed enough food to last for the whole night, as well as two overcoats and even two guns. But Emmu had nothing with him, save for whatever he was hiding in the pockets of his red velvet vest.

"Emmu..." Timothy began, but the young man shushed him at once, taking him by surprise. Considering he had never seen Emmu so concentrated, he remained silent, as intrigued as he was confused. Emmu stayed that way for several minutes, and for a moment, Timothy wondered if this might be a prank.

Then everything changed. The wind became stronger, as if a small tornado was coming their way. The night seemed to get darker and more enveloping, and all the sounds that generally accompanied it became faraway whispers. Now there was only the wind's howling and, much to his horror, it seemed to be coming from inside Emmu's body.

And then, right in front of his eyes, a shapeless black shadow came out from Emmu's chest, and began floating in front of him. It was like liquid, fluid and light, and it seemed to have life of its own. It moved and twisted for some time, before expanding and beginning to form what seemed to be a wavy circle, large enough to fit the two of them.

Emmu finally opened his eyes. Sweat made his forehead shiny and his hands were a bit shaky but, to Timothy's surprise, he was smiling, apparently pleased with whatever he had just done.

"Okay, in we go," Emmu screamed, trying to overcome the roar of the wind, which blew with such strength, Timothy was sure it would eventually carry them to the portal, whether they wanted it or not.



"What the fuck is that?" Timothy yelled, but he had a feeling his words hadn't reached their destination.

fuck Emmu reached out, offering his hand, and Timothy hesitated for a second. The portal now seemed to be more stable and it was literally pulling them towards its darkness.

"Did that thing come out of you?" he asked once he and Emmu were side by side. The sapphire nodded, looking very proud of himself. A million questions began forming in the back of his head. "How did you do it? What is it?"

What "Timmy, I will answer all your doubts as best as I can. But right now, you have to trust me. The portal won't stay open for long."

Fearful but incapable of mistrusting Emmu, Timothy grabbed his hand. He was beginning to wonder just how much he was willing to do for the sapphire. He had nearly died for him just days ago. Now he was willingly jumping into another potentially dangerous situation. The truth was, most of the times, including this one, he was more concerned for Emmu's wellbeing than his own. He wasn't sure if that was good or bad.

"Can you control it? Is it... safe?" Emmu nodded once more. "Where will it take us?"

"To a place where there's someone who can answer our questions." Sensing Timothy's lack of faith, Emmu smiled and squeezed his hand. "Think of this as a shortcut. A way of traveling great distances in just a matter of seconds. Trust me, okay?"

He did. As hotheaded as his sapphire was, he would never put Timothy in any sort of danger. Not willingly , at least.

willingly They stepped into the portal, or rather were pulled into it. He pressed Emmu's hands as they entered into a void, as black as anything he had ever seen. The portal immediately shut behind them and now, they were floating towards the unknown.

Drifting aimlessly, Timothy tried to find in his sapphire's eyes the tranquility he was lacking. He almost would've, had it not been for what he heard next. Coming from some faraway point, voices began to fill the space around them. Some were barely whispers. Others were anguished, blood-curdling screams. Some were desperate pleas. They all seemed to be fighting for their attention.

Timothy felt overwhelmed. He tried to fight against the tidal of echoes that were now enclosing them. He couldn't. There was nothing around them but voices, the ghosts of words long lost. In front of him, Emmu drew a shy and encouraging smile, trying to make him feel better.

This time, however, not even he could ease Timothy's mind.

Just when he thought he'd had all he could take, the darkness became a rain of colors. As if they were entering, or rather going through a rainbow, a parade of blues, reds and yellows gave way to a cascade of intense shades. Every possible color was now on display, forming all sorts of shapes, of all sorts of sizes. They were telling a story that Timothy wasn't capable of comprehending.

And then, just as quickly as it all had started, it all ended, and a new world formed around them. They were no longer in the yard at the Marquise's house in Ravenport, but somewhere else. Somewhere familiar.

The marble floor beneath them shined brightly under the moonlight, and the statues that lined up the wide hall looked at them with the same judgmental eyes they always had. Timothy felt his head heavy, his vision began to blur and his legs threatened to give up. Stumbling, he walked back and sought support in the nearest column. He finally gave up and dropped to the ground, his mind spinning as he recognized his surroundings.

"Emmu," he said, words slurring out of his mouth, "this place..."

Emmu spoke in hushed whispers. "Timmy, we need to move. No one can see us here." Timothy didn't react and Emmu was forced to shake him. "Timmy, please, get up! We need to find him before anyone sees us."



"Find who?"

"I think you know."

Timothy shook his head in disbelief. Of course he knew who used to hide behind the door at the end of that hallway. The man who had died sixteen gears ago, who Timothy never thought he'd see again. The man who was now presenting before his eyes.

Don Osgood had appeared on the other side of the hall, eyes down, fixated on whatever was written in the papers he was holding. His steps were slow, aided by the cane that had inflicted such fright into both him and Emmu's hearts as children. He was wearing that silly red cloak that was two sizes too big.

As soon as his eyes found the old Don, Timothy couldn't stay in the floor any longer. The utter shock of seeing that man was enough to make him forget any discomfort. He almost pushed Emmu aside, trying to take a better look at his old mentor.

The man who had practically raised him. The man who had been like a father to him.

"What is this?" He didn't even make an effort to lower his voice.

"Timmy, be quiet, please..."

"Eldon, what the fuck is happening here?"

"Shut up!"

"Who are you?" The sound of that imposing voice sent shivers down his spine.

The two of them slowly turned to find Don Osgood looking directly at them. For a few seconds, the old man stood, immobile, looking as if he was trying to assess them. Then, he took a couple of steps towards them, stopping midway.

The Don's eyes widened and his body went livid. He dropped the cane that supported him and struggled to stay up. Timothy and Emmu quickly ran towards him, each one grabbing one of the man's arms, quite literally carrying him.

Don Osgood's eyes went from Timothy to Emmu and back, as his mouth tried to articulate the words that were probably fighting their way through the man's mind. "How...how..."

"Don Osgood, please, we need to get out of sight. No one can see us here." Emmu was now visibly desperate. He had traded a young man on the verge of a breakdown, for an old one. "Help me get him into the office."

Timothy obeyed, and together they carried the Don to the small room at the end of the hall. Shutting the door behind them, they dropped the man on the couch and stepped back, allowing him room to breathe.

The Don looked at them, panting as he anxiously opened and closed his hands. He spoke in between gasps. "How are you here?"

Emmu hesitated before answering. "It's hard to explain."

"It better get real simple, real soon, Eldon." Timothy used the commanding tone with which he spoke to everyone else and Emmu turned to him, startled

"That's twice you've called me Eldon ," Emmu said, looking slightly offended. "I'm not sure I like it."

Eldon Timothy didn't smile. "Eldon," he repeated. He demanded answers and wasn't going to take another half-response from anyone, not even Emmu.

"I never really dreamt," Emmu began, as he walked to the other side of the office. "I used to sleep soundly. That is until that fucking bird started plaguing my dreams. Since then, every night it's something different. At first, I thought they were memories. Infancy passages, perhaps, things I thought forgotten. A couple of days ago, quite by accident, I travelled back."

"What do you mean travelled back ?" Timothy felt the last two words strange in his mouth.

travelled back "I was on the verge of falling asleep. The training had been particularly tough. I was tired, listless. And I began to think of Don Osgood, of how much I missed him. Then it happened. What you saw tonight, Timmy, I saw then. The wind, the portal, the dark tunnel. I was pulled towards it and I arrived here. On the night of the blood moon."



Timothy felt his heart dropping to his feet. Lightning seemed to take over his body, because the hairs on his arms straightened and his limbs began to tingle so strongly, they almost moved involuntarily. He remembered that night. He had spent it with Emmu by his side. The only red moon he had ever seen. How could he know back then, that the moon was red because it had been dyed in Don Osgood's blood?

"So you've been here before?" Timothy asked, trying to understand Emmu's actions.

Don Osgood shook his head. "No. I've never seen any of you before. Unless..." He stopped talking, his brows growing closer together as clarity began to settle. "I see."

"Your face," Timothy said to Don Osgood as he gently approached him. "It's scarless. We must not be ten yet."

"You scar me? Good Lord, on top of everything." Don Osgood smirked at them, and once Timothy saw the old man's face relaxing, he couldn't hold it any longer.

He crossed whatever space was still separating him from the man and hugged him. It was sudden and tough, almost violent. It took the old Don a couple of seconds before he returned the embrace. Timothy buried his face in the man's shoulder as tears began making their way to the ugly red cloak. There were so many things he wanted to tell the man, yet he didn't know if he could.

"By your reaction, I can tell I've been gone for quite a while." Don Osgood's voice was calm, yet there was a hint of disappointment in it. "How long? On second thought, don't tell me. I don't want to have that shadow hovering over me. Tell me, why are you here? Am I to assume you've come to see me? Shall I expect these kinds of visits from now on?"

"Don Osgood," Emmu, who had so far remained quiet, said at once, "we want answers. Master Nilla and the Marquise have been quite helpful, but they're not very chatty."

"You're already acquainted with the girls?" Don Osgood excitedly questioned. His enthusiasm soon disappeared. "Then that means Indigo is close. Are you ready?"

Both Timothy and Emmu remained silent. Neither knew how to answer that question.

"As ready as we can be." Timothy sounded less than convinced, but the mentor simply smiled warmly.

"My dear boy, I'm one of the most negative men in the world and even I know you'll prevail. You have to. I'm afraid you have no choice."

"But why? Who decided it would be us who'd carry this weight? Why are we immune to the parasite?" Emmu walked towards the man and knelt in front of him, clearly struggling to keep himself together. "Don Osgood, we won't do this without knowing why we're meant to."

The Don remained silent. His eyes glimmered with the knowledge they were seeking, but his lips remained closed. Silence covered the room, in a moment that seemingly lasted and eternity.

"I planned to tell you, of course, when the time came," he muttered, his eyes going from Timothy to Emmu and back. "Alas, it wasn't meant to be. I suppose I spat in Death's face one too many times." He stood and walked to the cupboard beside the door, taking out a small wooden box and gently placing it on the desk. "This is everything I have from you. This is what you came in with."

Timothy trembled at the sound of those words. "What do you mean came in with ?"

came in with The old man spoke cryptically. "Open it and you'll know."

Emmu, of course, was first to do so. He immediately jumped and opened the box at once. Inside, two shiny grey onesies were carefully folded. They were unlike any sort of clothing Timothy had ever seen in Makina, or anywhere else for that matter. Two small white bracelets rested on top of them, thick black letters written on each one.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. A small and thin black device rested beside the onesies. It had a shiny screen that seemed to be made of glass and that covered the entirety of the device's front. As Timothy raised it to give it a closer inspection, he realized how light it was.

Don Osgood assumed a softer tone. "I always said you were special, remember?"

Timothy closed his eyes and heard the Don's voice as clear as he was hearing it now. You two are different. You can't imagine how much.

You two are different. You can't imagine how much. The man placed his hand on Timothy's back. "Well, I meant it. You're not from around here. I'm afraid, you're not even from this time. Almost ten gears ago, the three of you came to us, much like you two came to me tonight."

"The three of us?" Timothy asked, knowing the answer before finishing the question.

It was Emmu's turn to speak. "Came from where?"

Don Osgood pointed at the bracelets with his eyes. The black numbers danced around Timothy's mind, mocking him, daring him to believe. He read them again.

Crawford, Timothy. 08/17/2079.

Crawford, Timothy. 08/17/2079. "Master Nilla and I had been waiting for you," Don Osgood continued. "Just like our parents before us, and their parents before them. For gears, our families have had one duty alone: to wait, patiently, for the day when the three Travelers finally came to us."

The Don took out one of the onesies and unfolded it. It was so small and minimal, it probably belonged to a newborn. "Yet, three hundred gears had passed since the Millennium of Ice, and a thousand more since the time of Gunners, and there was still no sign of the promised three. I admit I was starting to have some doubts."

"Why were you waiting for us?" Emmu asked again. Both he and Timothy were now holding the bracelets, trying to take assimilate the black words written on them.

"Because of this."

The Don reached for the black device and pressed the screen. After a few seconds, the thing came to life. It lit up like no machine that Timothy had ever seen. A bright title appeared on the screen, as a voice that seemed to come from within said, Welcome to the Timely Foundation .

Welcome to the Timely Foundation The screen was now bright and full of small drawings. Most were big letters, like W s and T s and F s. One of them, the largest and most striking one, was simply a golden clock, with the letters TF under it. Don Osgood pressed it and a new voice began talking. She was a woman who spoke in a deep, cut-off voice.

W T F TF Today, Sep..t..br 30th, twenty seventy nine,. I am g... in sea... of an.... y to...nd this f...t. Do not a...mt to fol...e. I...e sent...Travelers beyond. Must take care of them. They ha... cure.

Today, Sep..t..br 30th, twenty seventy nine,. I am g... in sea... of an.... y to...nd this f...t. Do not a...mt to fol...e. I...e sent...Travelers beyond. Must take care of them. They ha... cure. The screen went dark and the room went quiet. Several seconds passed before Don Osgood dared to speak again. "This message is all we had. The device's power is limited, so for gears, my family and Master Nilla's have played this message in their heads, over and over again. We always believed that the Travelers would be warriors, or perhaps physicians. We thought they would come bearing tonics, remedies, fucking ointments. Anything that resembled a cure. You were supposed to have it." The old man drew a bitter smile as his words became darker.

Anything "Except we don't," Timothy had no idea what to say, so he said the first thing that came to him.

"Well, I didn't know that. Thank you for clarifying." The Don mocked, rolling his eyes at him. "You think Nilla and I didn't go batshit crazy when that bloody portal appeared and the only thing that came out of it were three crying, starving newborns who had no idea what was happening? One unremarkable day, the wind increased and the skies roared and that thing appeared out of nowhere."

"Did you try to go into the portal?" Emmu asked, but the old man shook his head.

"The three of you were our priority. The message was clear enough. Must take care of them. They have the cure. We searched everything you had, which wasn't much. Two bracelets with your names on it and the clothes on your backs. Then all our fears came to life. There was no cure. No vial of liquid, no herb, not even a fucking recipe. Whatever cure you were supposed to have was lost in your travels."

Must take care of them. They have the cure. The Don now seemed to be talking more to himself, than to them.

"Nilla and I were terrified. We were completely alone. My son had died, my granddaughter wanted nothing to do with what she considered a bunch of horseshit. Nilla couldn't bear children. We were all that was left. So we tried to convince ourselves that, if there was no cure with you, maybe it was because there was no parasite. Three hundred gears had passed since the ending of the Millennium, and there had been no signs of it. Sure, there had been rumours, but no evidence that we could find. We hoped, we prayed that we were right. We weren't. Almost a year after your arrival, a Royder attacked us."

"What?" Both Timothy and Emmu jumped at those words.

Closing his eyes, Timothy thought he could see an old man and a young woman, fighting to protect three crying babies.

"We managed to kill it but we knew what its presence meant. The parasite was still alive and it was after you. Our encounter with the Royder proved that you were immune to its blood. So we concluded that you must've taken the cure before coming to this place. There was still hope. You were our hope. We decided to split. Nilla took the girl and I took the two of you. I placed you with two wealthy families. I thought it was the least I could do, give you a pleasant live. I opened an Academy for exceptional children and I waited again. This time, I knew what I had to do. If there was no cure, then Nilla and I would train the three of you to be the best of warriors. You'd become saviors. Heroes. Your children would inherit your immunity, and they'd carry on with the fight when you no longer could. "

You exceptional "And what good will that do?" Timothy said, his jaw clenched. "We still won't kill the parasite. What will happen next? We'll live our entire lives chasing it? Waiting for it? And so will our children? You're condemning all of us."

"We don't choose our destiny, my dear boy," the Don said, suddenly looking very old and very tired.

Timothy refused to accept that. "What about us? What about our lives, everything we wanted to do?"

The Don smirked. "You want to know the easiest way to make God laugh? Tell him your plans. Life is not easy, Tim. We all have a role to play. This is yours. You're fighters. Fight."

"Maybe we don't have to," Emmu said, and both Timothy and Don Osgood turned to see him. "The message, it says that we were supposed to have the cure with us. Yet we didn't. Which means we must've lost it along the way. So we need to go back and get it ourselves."

"Go back where?" Timothy knew the words that were about to come out of Emmu's mouth.

That didn't make it any easier when he actually heard them.

"September 30th, 2079."





A Proposal





It was a very hot day. They were a very strange group.

Viola was sitting between the Shark of Heliport and the Marquise, and across from the Viscount of Aronport. The four of them watched as Electa, Princess of Makina, and Lady Livilla tried to play a game of tennis.

"This," Viola declared, as she drank from the gatter in her jar, "is the worst tennis playing I've ever seen."

The Shark smirked in agreement. "Now ain't that the truth."

"They're having fun, that's what matters," the Viscount said, clapping as his future wife scored a point.

The Shark sneered again. "If you say so."

"I asked you here today," the Marquise, who clearly agreed with the Viscount, spoke, trying to turn the attention away from the two women, "because I believe I have discovered something of great importance."

"So soon?" The Shark raised his eyebrows, a mix of admiration and mistrust plaguing his dark eyes. "Bully for you!"

"I get to spend a lot of time surrounded by the Princes. And I am a very perceptive person. I pay attention to the little details."

"What is it?" the Viscount asked, lowering his voice.

"I overheard the Queen speaking with the Royal Physician," the Marquise whispered, and all three had to come closer to understand her. "Apparently, it is the Queen's suspicion that her husband was poisoned. His tongue is said to have been purple."

"Night's Kiss," Viola muttered and the rest seemed to agree.

Viola had some experience when it came to that poison. During the War of the Copper, when she was stationed in Silverport, an infiltrate used it to infect the camp's food. They sustained heavy losses before finally catching and executing the cook. Viola could still remember the men's faces covered in purple spots, with yellow and sunken eyes and a purple, swollen tongue, so big it barely fit in their mouths. Most of them had actually died of asphyxiation, rather than from the poisoning.

"Did the King suffocate?" Viola asked, frowning at the thought. "Most victims of the Night's Kiss die of asphyxiation, rather than from the poison itself."

The Marquise shrugged. "Could be. The Physician was not clear. Actually, he dismissed the Queen's concerns altogether. He is still claiming the King's heart suddenly stopped, but I think she might be on to something."

"Poisoning would make sense." The Shark stroke his chin as he toyed with the Marquise's words. "Night's Kiss is very loud, though. It leaves heaps of traces. Not exactly convenient, is it?"

"Which wouldn't matter if the Royal Physician was working with him," the Viscount reckoned. "You have that man by your side and you can literally get away with murder."

"What news in your front?" Viola turned to the Shark, her gaze meeting his. "Has the Queen expressed any of these concerns to you?"

The Captain shook his head. "She hasn't. Matter of fact, she and her son are presenting a united front. She supports Raynard's claim that the King was offed by a heart attack. Personally don't buy it. She's a consummate actress, but I can see the fear in her eyes anytime she's with Raynard. I reckon she doesn't want to risk her position, especially with no proof. It's high time we bring her to our side, it's what I say."

"Can it be done?" the Viscount asked, addressing the Marquise directly.

"It is hard to say. I do not have the best relationship with the Queen and I am afraid she does not trust me either." She stopped talking, turning her gaze towards the two laughing women, still playing their embarrassing excuse of a game. "It would be hard to convince her to go against her children, especially if she knows you are working with us, Viscount."



"The Withered Flower's hatred for Princess Electa is well-known," the Shark agreed.

"We'll use Buford, then," Viola suggested, as the brutish younger Prince appeared in the distance. "He might be the most disappointing of her sons, but he's her son, nonetheless. If we make it clear that it will be Buford, not Electa, who inherits the throne after his three brothers are apprehended, we might be able to convince her."

Viola immediately turned to the Viscount, wanting to see his reaction to that statement. Both she and the Marquise were under the impression that he wanted the Princes out of the way so that Electa would become Queen.

The young man, however, nodded at her suggestion. "Sounds good to me. This will, of course, require that you go forward with the engagement, Marquise, at least for the time being."

"You up for it?" The Captain asked, flashing that dashing smile again, the same one that, Viola now understood, came naturally to him.

"Certainly. I am a bit of a leading lady myself."

"By all means, lead the way."

The Shark was giving her his best bite, but the Marquise kept her cool. She raised an eyebrow and drew a simple smile that let him know she was unamused. Viola had to admit, the Marquise's ability to maintain her aloof façade was quite impressive.

"I am meeting the Queen for..."

"Tea," Viola guessed and the Marquise smiled in agreement.

"Raynard will be present. So will his brothers, which means all of their chambers will be alone for an hour, at least. I suggest you either bribe a servant or search them yourselves. Something is bound to appear."

"Electa wasn't summoned for the tea meeting, so she and I can take care of the Princes chambers," the Viscount suggested. "I think it's better if we don't involve low-born in this affair. It could be dangerous for them, not to mention servants can be traitorous."

The Shark spoke in a louder, more confident voice. "Then I'll go and pay a visit to the Physician. I've been meaning to have my old leg wound checked. This gives me the perfect excuse to go and see that old high case."

"It is settled," the Marquise said as she stood up. "Now, gentlemen, if you excuse me, I must take my leave. I have a tea meeting to prepare for."

The Shark adopted a friskier tone. "And it takes a lot of preparing to drink tea?"

"I like to be on point," the Marquise replied.

"Are you ever not?"

"Yes. When I drink water."

"Then I'll be sure to have wine ready the next time we see each other."

The Marquise bowed her head before turning around and marching away from the table, leaving the Shark with a pretty picture in his head.

Viola silently followed her. Once they were inside the castle, and away from prying ears, she dared speak.

"You don't strike me as the type of woman who doesn't recognize an outright pass."

The Marquise smirked. "Every intelligent woman has her own way to handle them. If I want to get rid of whoever wants to kill me, I need the Captain on my side."

"Just promise me you'll be careful. They don't call him the Shark for nothing."

"Believe me, my dear Shooter, romance is the last thing in my head. But it is funny, is it not? How they call us the weaker sex, when it is them who we have to treat with kid gloves. There is nothing more fragile than a man's self-worth."



"Amen to that. You have to admit, though, you like the attention he gives you."

The Marquise shook her head. "I am used to the attention he gives me. I have been getting it all my life. The Captain has not said or done anything that I find remotely interesting." She stopped talking as they entered her chambers. "Besides, I am a soon-to-be-married woman. I have no use for his attention."

"It's precisely because you're a soon-to-be-married woman that you need to be particularly careful. The walls have ears in here. You taught me that."

"I have seen the Captain flirting with at least three different women," the Marquise spoke as she removed her dress. Despite having handmaidens, she refuse their help, insisting on doing everything by herself. "I am hardly the only object of his attentions. As long as I remain distant, I should be safe."

"Would you consider him? Were you not engaged?"

"Marquises do not marry SteelCorp Captains."

"No, they instead marry murderous Princes."

The Marquise gave her a reproachful look, but said nothing more.

Viola hesitated before continuing. "Do you really think he did it? The Prince, I mean."

"I do. Another reason why I am choosing to keep the Captain close."

As the Marquise walked over to her cupboard to choose a dress for the occasion, Viola felt the question forming in her mouth. It was true that she had developed a closer relationship with the Marquise, so asking her something so personal might not be as farfetched as it once was. Still, she chose to remain cautious. All it took was one wrong word.

"Is there something you're not telling us?" She spoke in careful and paused words as she sat on the chair next to the sleeping fireplace.

The Marquise didn't even turn to see her. Instead, she buried herself on the insides of the cupboard. "My dear Shooter, there is a disgusting amount of things I am not telling you. Why do you ask?"

"I don't know. Call me crazy but I get the feeling you know more about your murderous Prince than you're letting us know."

This time, the Marquise spoke from beneath mountains of velvet and lace. "I would not expect anything less from a woman of your talents. Another reason why I keep you close."

you "But trustworthiness isn't one of these many talents?"

"Trust is a dangerous thing, especially if you put it in the wrong hands." The Marquise finally emerged, holding a bright golden dress with metallic embellishments in the corset. "You have been a loyal companion, Shooter Viola, but there are certain things I cannot tell anyone, not even you." She turned once more, this time walking towards the mirror. "If, however, we fail in our little mission, the time will come when you will learn those things. When you do, I wonder if you will like knowing them. Sometimes ignorance is bliss."

Viola simpered at the thought. "Very well. I will play your game, for now. But if you want my help, you will have to tell me eventually. I won't move against the Prince, any of them, on your word alone."

"Fair enough," the Marquise replied as she walked to her. "Lace my corset?"

Viola sighed in defeat and complied. "If you're going to play this game," she said as she began playing with the lace, "you might want to exploit the naiveté angle a bit more. Both the Shark and the Viscount seem like suckers for a damsel in distress."

"Aren't all men?" The Marquise let out a whimper as Viola tightened the corset.

"Tell me, will the Viscount and the Princess find something in the Princes chambers, or did you sent them there to win some time?"



"Oh, they are bound to find something. You go into a whorehouse, you find a whore, whether you are searching for one or not."

"Why else would you go into a whorehouse if not to find a whore?"

The Marquise smiled through her pain. "Precisely."

Viola finished with the corset and stepped back, allowing the Marquise to admire herself in the mirror.

"You seem to have taken a great deal of effort for this meeting," Viola said, realizing just how elaborate the dress was. "It is a tad extravagant, even for you."

is "I will let you in on a little secret, my dear Shooter," the Marquise said as she walked towards the door. "Something quite important is to happen tonight. Keep your eyes open and I guarantee, some of your questions might be answered. I do not guarantee, however, that you will not have new ones afterwards."

********

******** The Queen's parlor was packed. Never before had Viola seen so many people in it. It was normally just the Queen, her favourite and her guests, give or take a couple of servants. Tonight, however, all of court seemed to be present and the room wasn't designed for such a task.

Viola followed the Marquise as she made her way through the assembled crowd, smiling and working it like only she knew. The young woman's ease for hypocrisy was another reason why Viola couldn't bring herself to fully trust her. Unlike the transparent and unassuming Lady Livilla, the Marquise always seemed to be hiding something.

The Withered Flower awaited them on the other side of the room. Wearing a black and rather dull dress, she stood beside her son, Ryanard, who was hidden behind the goggles and mouth-cover that had become a fixture in his face.

"Marquise, how wonderful of you to finally join us," the Queen said in the worst fake nice tone Viola had ever heard. "We've been here for some time."

finally "My apologies, Your Grace. I must have lost track of time." The Marquise bowed before the Queen and her son, then turned to face Viola. She reduced her voice to a whisper when she spoke. "Stand in front of me tonight. You will have a better view from there."

Curious, Viola obeyed and stood not behind the Marquise as she usually did, but in front of her. She walked and stood beside the Queen, who gave her a suspicious look before turning her attention back to her future daughter-in-law.

"My dear Lady," Raynard spoke in a dry, barely audible voice. "The time has come for us to take a step forward. For the good of the realm, we must do our duty."

He knelt and the room broke into loud and incomprehensible whispers. The Marquise, leading lady that she was, remained composed as the Prince took out a grossly large diamond ring, which he then offered to her.

"Will you do me the honor of being my wife?"

"Your Grace, the honor will be all mine."

She extended her hand and after the Prince had put the ring on her finger, he stood up as the entire room cheered. A round of applause fell upon them like a summer rain and the Marquise raised her finger for everyone to see. Viola remained one of the few who did not clap or celebrate in any way. Next to her, the Queen adopted a similar attitude, and in front of her, the Crown Prince seemed eager to get out of there.

"Will you not kiss me on this special occasion, Your Grace?" The Marquise's words seemingly took the Prince by surprise, because his body went livid and he stepped back as she came in closer.

"I'd rather not," he answered, but the Marquise insisted.

"I think our audience would love to see it." She turned and addressed the crowd, beaming as she did. "Would you not like a royal kiss?"

A new wave of cheers filled the space, uniting under a cry of Kiss, kiss that soon became quite unbearable. The Prince turned to his mother, who remained quiet, arms crossed and face tight as she observed the situation. Viola's attention, however, was fixed upon the Marquise, whose face was as confident as ever. Their eyes briefly met and Viola knew that, whatever was about to happen, was what she was supposed to see.

Kiss, kiss The Prince, seeing the screams would not end until he complied, grabbed his betrothed and the two did a spin. Turning his back on the still cheering crowd and facing Viola, he finally removed his mouth-cover. She had seen a lot of crazy shit during her days in the war. But nothing like this.

The Prince's lips were purple and swollen, and they seemed to beat at their own rhythm, as if they had life of its own. His tongue, however, was the truly disgusting sight. Purple and unnaturally enlarged, it was so wide that it seemed incapable of being contained inside the man's mouth and it instead hung on the side like a dead creature.

As the man approached the Marquise, Viola had to control herself so as not to jump and try to prevent the kiss. She stood and watched as the Prince's lips met the Marquise's for a short and cringeworthy second, after which the man covered himself again.

The crowd joined in a Long live the King chant that seemed to resonate in every corner of the room. As the two future rulers of Makina joined hands and walked towards their subjects, Viola was left to wonder exactly what she had just seen.

Long live the King Turns out the Marquise was right. Ignorance was bliss



was





A Kiss Before Dawn





Eldon hit the ground, narrowly avoiding crashing his head against a mountain of scrap metal. His back stung with the sharp pain caused by Tim's punches, but he'd be damned before letting Tim see him sweat.

He quickly stood up and jumped to the side, grabbing a chain and swinging around the space, landing behind the silver-haired attacker. He ducked and hit Tim on the legs, making him stumble. A window opened and he took it, launching himself at once, but Tim was ready for him. They kicked each other at the same time, legs crashing as a tidal of pain covered Eldon's shin.

They were both fighting considerably harder tonight. It was understandable, Eldon thought as he dived away from Tim's fist. After everything they had learnt from Don Osgood, the two of them had a lot on their minds. They had hardly spoken in the two days since their trip; they hadn't had the chance, actually. He went straight to the library to try to understand more about the concept of time , while Tim hid himself inside the already finished blimp.

time Eldon had been quite surprised when, a couple of hours ago, Tim approached him and asked him to go train in the factory near the Marquise's manor. The ride there had been quiet, and as soon as they entered the place, they began their fight. They threw themselves at it, no words said, no questions asked. They both needed to let off some steam. What better way to do it?

Eldon's kick landed on Tim's stomach, making him crash against the rusty bannister. For a moment, it seemed that would be the end of it. Then, the feeble metal cracked under the weight and the bannister collapsed, sending Tim to the ground below. Eldon felt his heart shrinking as he climbed down the stairs, two at a time. He ran to the place where Tim laid, buried under a pile of corroded iron, and knelt beside him, checking for wounds.

"I'm fine," Tim said as he stood up. "More annoyed than anything. How did you sneak up on me like that?

Eldon smiled coyly. "Your mind wasn't on the fight, probably."

"No, it wasn't." Tim walked towards the large window wall in front of them and sat in front of it. The moonlight was starting to dim, as the sun began to make its way on the horizon. Under that pale light, the grey and dull city of Ravenport looked more beautiful than ever. "I'm not handling this whole thing very well, Emmu. How are you doing?"

"To be honest, I don't know," he said as he sat next to Tim. "I have never felt out of place here. In Makina, I mean. I've never felt like I don't belong or anything. As a matter of fact, I've always been grateful to live in the age of machines. Time was something that never even crossed my mind, even though I was crossing it myself. Then all of this happened and my tolerance for weird went from nonexistent to absurdly high. Being an orphan also helped. No attachments."

weird "Are you, though?" The question had crossed Eldon's mind but hearing Tim asking it out loud made it extremely real. "I mean, our lives in..." he stopped talking, as if the words that were coming still felt strange in his mouth, "... this time were clearly fabricated. Your parents, your real parents stayed behind and so did mine."

this time Eldon meditated for a moment before answering. "Well, I guess there is no point in torturing myself with the thought. Whoever they were, they chose to send me here. They must've had their reasons. And of course I'd like to know them, but I'm not going to drive myself to bitterness trying to guess them, not when there's so much shit going on." He turned to face the moon, juggling all the questions and ideas in his head, attempting to put them down. "How about you?"

"Well," Tim said as he laid on the ground, "I don't really know how to feel. You know I never had the best relationship with my father, but I did love him. Yet I always had the feeling that he didn't love me and I never really knew why. Now, I have a reason. But if he wasn't going to love me, why did he accept me? Why didn't he deny the offer? Did Don Osgood force him? Or did he genuinely want a child and I just didn't meet his expectations?" He sighed deeply and closed his eyes as Eldon laid next to him. "I guess I'm having trouble accepting that I'll never get the chance to answer those questions. He's gone. Maybe it's for the best."



Eldon looked at the man's face and was overwhelmed by a desire to protect him, to spare him from the pain. Could he? Yes, he could. He could take Tim to the place where he'd get an answer to all those questions. Would it do any good? Would the answers be what Tim needed to hear?

"We maybe could..." he began, but Tim opened his eyes and gave him a stern and definitive look.

"No. I don't want to go back and see him," he said, his face lit up by the silvery glow. "I think...some things are better left unsaid." Eldon silently nodded and Tim drew a weak and fleeting smile, before laying back down. "Why do you think you can do it?"

" We can do it," Eldon quickly corrected him. "The more I think about it, the more I am convinced that you can do it too. The Marquise as well. We've been doing it for a while, now, I reckon. The Ironport dream is proof enough."

We Tim scratched his head, looking more child-like than ever. "The Marquise did refer to it as a memory. Do you think she knows the truth? Master Nilla must've told her. Don Osgood did say he planned on telling us, he just died before he could."

"Ah, that dick, how dare he die?"

"Do you reckon she can do it like you can? The Marquise, I mean." Tim turned to his side to face Eldon, resting his body on his right arm.

"I don't know. Another thing we can ask her when we see her again. If we see her again."

The darkness of that thought send an unexpected rain of shivers down his spine.

"How do you do it?"

Eldon frowned. He had been asking himself the same question since that day in the library when he first did it. He had come up with an explanation that was good enough for him, for the time being. He didn't know if he could put it into words, though.

"It's like there's something inside me," he began, doing his best to make sense. "The energy that I need to throw a punch is inside me, right? Well, whatever it is that I use to open the portals is also inside me. Instead of using it to jump or run or punch, I use it to open a door. I think of where I want to go and I grab onto that thought until the portal appears. And then it does. The first couple of tries took a long time. Hours, actually. But I seem to be getting better. This last time with you it took me what, a couple of minutes, maybe?"

also "I always knew you were special, but this is just too much. I never even thought something like this was possible."

Eldon laughed, feeling embarrassed all of a sudden. "I don't know about special. I do make a mean pot roast, though."

"I've had your pot roast," Timmy said, showing his white and shiny teeth. "Going back in time is still more impressive."

"Maybe where we come from, everyone could do it."

Tim shook his head. "If they could, why didn't they come here with us? No, I think this is something only you have. The question is, why? Why you? Were you born with it? Or was it given to you? And if so, by whom?"

Tim seemed fascinated by those thoughts. Eldon enjoyed the attention Tim always gave him, but tonight, he couldn't help but feel a bit uncomfortable by it. Would Tim's initial awe of the ability turn into bitter jealousy in the long run? Would this drive a wedge between them?

No. He wouldn't be losing Tim over this. He wouldn't be losing Tim over anything. Stubborn as he was, he stood up, determined to prove that his silver-haired friend was just as special as he was.

special "Get up," he commanded and Timmy obeyed. "Let's do this."

"Do what?"

"Dance the Polka. What do you think? We're going to prove that you can do it too. Close your eyes."

Tim look unconvinced but he went along and complied, most likely to please Eldon rather than out of a genuine belief he too could travel back.

"Alright. What exactly am I doing?"

"You're concentrating." Eldon used his most strict tone as he began circling the young man. "I need you to try and envision your energy."

Tim scowled. "I'm not exactly sure what you're saying."

"Just imagine you're an engine. I need you to think of the steam that makes you work. Picture it. Give it a color. A smell, maybe."

"You do that too?"

"I do. Mine is silver-colored. It's cold, a bit chilly even, but it makes me feel safe and stronger. Protected. And it smells like mint. It's a powerful, intoxicating smell that overwhelms me. It embraces me, fills me up completely."

As Eldon spoke, he felt his body warm with excitement. His limbs felt light and a tingly sensation began to roam his chest, travelling further south. The heat climbed to his face and suddenly, his clothes were a hindrance. He felt grateful that Tim's eyes were still closed as he unbuttoned his shirt, fanning himself with his hand.

"Okay, your turn."

"I think mine is blue." Tim pressed his eyes closer together, as if he was trying to concentrate. "A very bright, intense shade of blue. It's quite dazzling. And it smells like sea water, salty and fresh. It cools me down. It's nice. I like it."

"Very well. Now feel it in your body. Feel it traveling through you, overflowing you. Make it take over every part of you. Make your body blue, bright and intense. Feel the water, the salt, the fresh air. Feel it cooling you down."

They were now in front of each other. They were so close that he felt Tim's breath on his face. Eldon instinctively grabbed his friend's hands, interlacing their fingers. They were hot and soft, and as soon as he touched them, he felt his body shaking with anticipation.

"I'm sorry," he said as he tried to pull away, but Tim didn't let him.

"Don't. I like it." Tim got rid of the small distance that still separated them and they were now chest to chest, practically breathing the same air. "I like to feel you close. It soothes me."

Tim's hands then separated from his and travelled to his back, holding him even closer. They had hugged before, but this was different. It was more intimate. Tim's hands started sliding across his back, as if they were explorers and Eldon was a strange and exciting uncharted territory. No words needed to be said. Their touch was doing all the talking necessary.

And it felt right. It was like their bodies were meant to fit together. Eldon pressed himself closer to Tim, wanting to feel him in every possible way. To his surprise, Tim reciprocated, and they were now literally holding on to each other.

Eldon knew why he was doing it. Why was Tim? He didn't want to ruin the moment by asking him, so he chose to stay quiet and simply enjoy what was happening, whatever it was.

Then Tim changed everything.

"Stay with me?"

The whisper graced Eldon's ear and the words became a shiver that slid down his back. His legs threatened to give up but luckily he had someone to catch him.

Tim. His Tim.

His He tried to say something but nothing came out. He was never speechless, he always had something to say. But this wasn't a moment for stupid jokes or off-hand comments. This was a moment that wouldn't come back if he ruined it.

This was the moment.

the Slowly, he separated from Tim and their gazes met. Eldon didn't think anymore. He closed his eyes and travelled the short distance that separated him from Tim. When their lips met, Eldon knew those were the last lips he ever wanted to kiss. They had journeyed from a distant past, they had braved the flow of time itself, and they had done it together. It couldn't be a coincidence.

They were meant to be together.

As they both understood it at once, their kiss became more intense, more decisive. Outside, the sun was making its way onto the sky. Night became day and the light gave them new clarity. This, Eldon knew, was the start of a new adventure. Now more than ever, he had a reason to fight. A reason to live. They'd stay alive for each other. It was a pact they were making. A deal. And they sealed it with a kiss before dawn.





A Shadow in the Hall





Estella Rose Lovegrove sat on her chair, facing the mirror, trying to avoid her own reflection. Her left cheek still bared the bruise from her son's hand, a painful and constant remainder of her own failures, as both Queen and mother. Behind her, the scared little girl brushed her hair with delicacy, as she had done for the last half an hour. Since that fateful night in the throne room, both women had barely spoken again. They were now content with each other's silences.

With everything that had happened in the last few days, the number of people she could trust and rely on had severely diminished. A sudden and rather heinous realization came to her one afternoon, as she had her supper. She was all alone. There was no one left other than the scared little girl. And she was also the only person Estella felt comfortable around. What a twist of fate.

What a twist of fate. The girl also seemed to have resigned into her new situation. She no longer seemed so terrified and there were times when she actually seemed at peace with her new normal. Estella wasn't exactly sure how she felt about the idea of the girl being happy, but she knew she no longer found the thought repellent.

The girl accidentally pulled her hair. She immediately apologized with a feeble Forgive me, Your Grace . A few days ago, Estella would've slapped her senseless for the offense. Tonight, however, she found no pleasure in picturing the girl's pain. Tonight she was in the mood for something else.

Forgive me, Your Grace "It's quite alright," she said, waving the accident away with her hand. She watched as the girl drew a timid smile before continuing her task and felt a sudden urge to speak to her. Who else was there to speak to, really? "Make sure my dress is ready for tomorrow. The pink dress with the red corset. It'll be a long day and I wish to be comfortable."

"Yes, Your Grace."

"And tell the cooks we shall have the pastries at noon. I'm meeting the Marquise and Lady Livilla for tea, to discuss the wedding preparations."

"Of course, Your Grace."

"Are you excited? About the wedding, I mean." The girl's large almond eyes shined with confusion as she looked at Estella, as if asking for her permission to answer that question. "Perhaps you should be. There'll be plenty of available bachelors. Now that my husband is gone, perhaps we can find a suitable match for you. One that doesn't mind your questionable past, of course."

"I don't know if marriage is for me, Your Grace," the girl replied, perhaps too earnestly.

"A charming notion. That of a woman making it on her own, playing by her own rules. Unreal, but charming."

"Shooter Viola seems to have done it." The girl froze as soon as the words left her mouth, perhaps fearing retribution for the comment. Estella, however, simply smiled.

"Ah yes, Shooter Viola. Quite the liberated woman. You think you could do a good job in the army? Could you kill someone?"

The girl lowered her eyes and for a moment, it seemed as if she wouldn't answer. "I don't think I could."

"I don't think you could, either, luckily for me. Women like us were born to be wives and mothers." The girl's eyes finally met hers and Estella found in them a glimmer of haughtiness she had not been expecting. Perhaps the girl wasn't as broken as she had thought. "Your reject such notions. You see yourself not as a mother or a wife, but as something else entirely. A free woman."

"What does that even mean in Makina? Being a free woman ."

free woman Estella didn't know what to answer. "You got me there, little girl."

The girl smirked as she put down the brush and began braiding the hair. "I'm just not sure I'd make a good mother. Unconditional love; I don't think I have it in me." The girl's honest answers were clear indication that she, like Estella, was desperate for someone to talk to.



"It's not an easy job. There are those who say a mother must love her children. That she has no choice. I don't know about that. I loved my own when they first came. They were so little, innocent and helpless. How could I not love them? Their father certainly didn't, he only had eyes for Electa, so they belonged to me. They were all mine. But time is a treacherous friend. It goes by and takes a lot with it. Nothing lasts forever, feelings especially. And one day you wake up and you realize that all that love has gone somewhere, and you're not exactly sure you want to go look for it. Being a mother is a thankless job. It's full of pain and anger and sacrifice. I don't blame you for not wanting to be one. I don't blame you at all."

must Estella felt her eyes watering and she quickly reached for a handkerchief. The girl pretended not to see and instead turned her eyes towards the pink laces she was intertwining with the locks of hair. They once again sank into a deep and pleasant silence, one neither dared nor wished to break.

Yes, Estella was now comfortable next to this girl who she had once hated. And the girl had now accepted her own condition as a servant to the woman who mistreated and abused her. They had both gotten used to living in misery.

What a pair they made.

********

******** It was the middle of the night and Estella laid awake in between satin sheets. She had been having trouble sleeping for the last couple of nights, ever since the incident with Raynard, to be precise. She found herself doubting every look, challenging every smile, turning twice on every corner to make sure no one was following her.

Estella hated to admit it, but she was slowly descending into a state of perpetual alarm. She heard voices in every corner and saw shadows in every hall. She doubted everything and everyone, even herself. She had always thought she would start a new life once Samuel died. Now, even her dreams had been taken away from her. She was a prisoner in Leverfort, at the mercy of her own children.

In the days since her encounter with Raynard, Estella had paid special attention to her four children. Buford seemed to be the same oaf he had always been, but the other three were something else entirely. Whatever ailment Raynard had, Hugo and Edison had too. It went beyond their ridiculous clothing. They had become angrier, colder, less like the sons she had once known.

There was something savage about them, something animal-like in their behavior. More than once she had seen them losing their tempers with the help. Once she even saw Hugo growling at the maid. More concerning was the fact that no one else seemed to notice the change in their nature, and if they did, they chose to ignore it.

growling Estella felt more anxious than ever. Her appetite was pretty much gone, and she had lost a considerable amount of weight. Her face was pale, her body weak, her steps hesitant. She had begun sleeping with the candles still on, as if the tiny flames would do anything to protect her from what lurked in the shadows. She had even started carrying a dagger in between the folds of her skirts and lately, she found herself looking for opportunities to use it. That's how paranoid she had become.

This was no life. The idea of spending the rest of her days in this permanent state of dread was enough to make her consider other alternatives. She once considered using the dagger on herself. But, as it turns out, her pride was greater than she had anticipated. Still, the idea of ending it all was becoming more attractive by the day.

Finally realizing she wouldn't fall asleep any time soon, she got up, put on her robes and grabbed a candelabra. She opened the door behind the floor-to-ceiling painting of Louis Peter Potts, revealing the passage that connected her bedchamber and her parlour. She walked in slow and short steps, her eyes not yet used to the dark of the corridor. She had almost reached her destination when the sound of voices took her by surprise.



She turned her attention to the corridor that now extended in front of her, which led to the east side of the castle, to the Kings chambers. Since Samuels' death, they had been empty, as per Makinian tradition. Now, however, they were occupied and, judging by the amount of whispers she heard, many people were assembled.

Bored and with nothing better to do, she allowed curiosity to lead her steps. As she got closer, she began to make up the voices. She definitely heard Raynard and Hugo and Edison. But it was the female voice that brought a chill to her chest. As soon as she recognized it, she knew it could only mean one thing.

Trouble.

She rushed towards the door that led to the room and rapidly blew the flames before putting the candelabra on the floor. Then, as quietly as she could, she pressed her ear against the door, trying to hear what was happening inside.

"I do not know," the scared little girl said in a shaky voice. She sounded far more terrified than she had ever been with Estella.

"Think," Raynard whispered in a steady and emotionless voice that made Estella's skin crawl.

"The Queen doesn't share anything with me," the girl continued, trying to sound calmer. "Most of the time she doesn't even talk to me. I'm afraid I don't know how to answer your question, Your Grace."

It was Hugo who spoke this time. "Sweet Caroline, my mother could be in great danger. She could die and her blood would be in your hands. Would you like that? Are you a murderer? Do you hate your Queen? Do you want to see her dead?"

"Of course not." The girl was now crying, but her words were not compromised by the tears. "I'd never wish harm on my Queen."

"Then answer the question," Hugo said, raising his voice. "Has our mother been in contact with the Marquise of Millingford? Have they exchanged words in secret? Has the Marquise told her anything about us? About Raynard?"

Estella's heart stopped as soon as she remembered that cursed night in the throne room, when she had summoned the Marquise to warn her about Raynard. The scared little girl had been there. She had listened to everything that had been said. Estella knew the girl had no loyalty towards her. It was only a matter of time before the girl cracked and then Raynard would certainly get rid of her.

"I have never seen them together, Your Grace," the little girl answered after a few seconds of silence. Despite her obvious fright, there was no hint of doubt in her voice and for a moment, Estella thought the boys would actually believe her.

Then Raynard spoke in the coldest voice Estella had ever heard. "You lie, little girl."

"Your Grace, I swear on my life, I have never seen them together outside of their formal meetings. I know nothing!" The girl was now sobbing, and Estella had the uncomfortable sensation that she had fallen to her knees and was now literally begging.

"If you know what's good for you, little girl, you'll tell us what you know. Get her up and take her back to her chambers. Perhaps tomorrow she'll be more inclined to talk."

Raynard's order was accompanied by the sound of steps. The girl let out a loud shriek as she was forced up, surely with the delicacy of a hammer, and dragged out of the room.

Estella was overcome by a strange and sudden desire to burst into the room and defend the stupid girl against those vultures. She, of course, did no such thing. She knew that if she did, Raynard would most likely kill them both.

"Send word to Ravenport," Raynard said as his voice began to fade away. He was also leaving the room. "Tell them to move the bird. I feel we have overstayed our welcome in that city. We'll finish building it on the road."

"Where shall we move it?" Edison asked, his voice closer to her than Raynard's.

"Ironport. The time has come for us to bring this country to its knees."

They left, but Estella remained in the dark of the hall, silently considering her options. Even if she didn't understand everything, the undeniable truth was that she was in real danger. If she wanted to leave Leverfort alive, she needed to be smart and act fast.

As much as she hated to admit it, there was only one person that could help her. The one her sons seemed to be afraid of. Sighing deeply, she turned around, prepared to go back to her chambers, when a hand appeared from within the darkness and grabbed her by the neck. She didn't even have time to react. She was raised a few inches from the ground as the silhouette of a man appeared before her.

He remained still for a few seconds, then opened his mouth to reveal an abnormally large tongue. Her attempt to scream was drowned by the man's fingers on her neck and she helplessly watched as he came closer, mouth opened, ready to swallow her whole.

********

******** Estella woke up in between satin sheets. The first thing she did when she opened her eyes was release the scream that had been trapped in her mouth. She turned around, desperately trying to recognize her surroundings, and was surprised to discover she was in her bed, surrounded by the familiarity of her own room. It took her another moment to realize it was the morning. She had actually survived the night.

The scared little girl came into the room, her face pale and her eyes widened with fear. She immediately ran to the feeble Estella, holding a blanket with which to wrap her.

"Your Grace, are you alright? You're as pale as a ghost."

But Estella knew there was no time to waste. If she was still alive, then it was certainly by the grace of God. She had been lucky once. She wouldn't be again.

"Quickly, dress me," she ordered the girl. "And sent for the Marquise. I need to speak to the Marquise. Now!"





A Scorpion's Nest





The Marquise's message had been clear enough: the Crown Prince had given the order to move the bird. The attack on Ironport would happen soon, so if they wanted to stop it, they needed to get rid of the bird before it left Ravenport.

Master Nilla had reacted immediately. She left in the morning and returned in the afternoon with a group of Sky Pirates, the Rayguns. Although no one was excited about relying on mercenaries, they knew they'd need help if they wanted to successfully take the scorpion's nest. Besides, the pirates would do just about everything so long as they were handsomely paid, and Master Nilla made them an offer they couldn't refuse.

Along with them, the Rayguns brought Clementine, their pirate-ship-shaped aeronef. The vessel was large enough to carry all twenty of them, but discrete enough to hide in between the clouds, giving them the necessary stealth to make their strike.

After spending all afternoon planning and preparing, they finally came up with a decent strategy. Timothy and Alder, along with fourteen of the Rayguns, would remain aboard the Clementine, while Emmu, Master Nilla and two of the pirates, including the Captain, entered the lair and secured the engine room. From there, they'd open the trap door, allowing the rest of them to enter and join the attack.

Timothy disliked the idea of staying aboard the Clementine, but he knew it was the best way to go. He trusted Emmu, and knew he'd get the job done. However, the idea of separating from him, especially now that they were closer than ever, was one that had him feeling more anxious than ever.

The Clementine was now slow and steadily flying just above the clouds, its engine puffing, leaving a trail of grey smoke. Standing on the stern, Timothy hugged Eldon from behind, enjoying their last moments together before they separated for the mission. What was great about their relationship was how natural everything came. They had gone from friends to lovers without a big fuzz. There were no big speeches or grand declarations. They didn't even have to say they loved each other. It was implied in every kiss, in every touch and every stolen glance.

It was truth that they were avoiding the most complex truths. Timothy was still sort of engaged to the woman his father had wanted him to marry, something neither of them had forgotten. He thought that was the reason why Emmu hadn't fully thrown himself into the relationship. While the two of them clearly wanted to be together, there seemed to be something that was still preventing Emmu from going all in.

As they approached the point where they'd divide, Timothy planted a soft kiss on Eldon's mouth, gracing his sapphire's face with his glove-covered hands.

"Are you nervous?" he asked as their lips separated.

Emmu shrugged absently. "A tad. I'm more nervous about what comes after this."

"We'll worry about that later," he said as he kissed Emmu's neck. "Focus on the now."

"Are you doubting my fighting abilities?" Emmu asked, feigning offense.

"You can never be too careful. And I really don't want to lose my sapphire."

"Don't worry. You won't."

Their lips met again, this time for a longer, more intense kiss. He didn't want it to end, but it had to, especially because they had reached their destination.

Master Nilla's voice made them come out from in between each other's arms. "You can do all the kissing you want after we get out of this. If we get out of this."

If "Could you be any more positive?" Emmu asked, eyebrows raised.

be "Just keeping your feet on the ground, Master Eldon," she replied behind a modest grin.



"My feet are always on the ground. It's my head that you have to worry about."

Emmu turned and gave Tim another quick kiss, then walked away and took the gear Master Nilla was offering him: goggles, a mouth cover and a rusty and heavy-looking backpack from which a large propeller came out of. He climbed to the ship's edge and, after giving Timothy a warm and loving smile, jumped into the night sky, quickly disappearing beyond the clouds.

********

******** The cold wind hit him in the face. As he rapidly approached the ground, Eldon tried to ignore the sensation of his stomach traveling to his throat. His hands were firmly holding on to the levers he'd have to pull to activate the propellers once the moment came.

On the corner of his eyes, he saw Master Nilla and the two members of the Rayguns. All four were now at the same level, meaning it was time. He pulled the levers and the propellers instantly came to life. It was as if a large invisible hand had stopped him while he was running at full speed. He felt the impact on his neck and for a moment, it seemed as if something had cracked.

Struggling to direct the propellers, he turned the levers to the left as he followed Master Nilla, the only one of the four who knew exactly where they were heading. They flew for less time than he had expected, until they finally saw a small hill appearing below them. It looked so out of place in the middle of the open field, that Eldon was sure they were in the right place.

Beginning their descent, Eldon knew he'd have to turn the propellers off. They couldn't risk attracting any attention, so they needed to shut them before they reached the ground. That meant they'd have to free-fall from a considerable height. Beside him, Master Nilla signalled with her arm and all four pulled the levers at once, stopping the propellers.

Eldon felt this fall more than the first one. When his legs hit the grass, the impact echoed in his entire body and a loud moan escaped from his depths.

"What part of quiet wasn't clear enough?" Master Nilla whispered in a reproachful tone.

quiet Eldon clenched his teeth. "I know. It just slipped."

"Are we moving or what?" the Raygun captain asked. "We're gaining daylight here."

Master Nilla nodded. "Follow me."

Miles of open field spread beyond the hill in front of them. They were entirely exposed. Crouching, they moved with the shadows, trying to blend with the flower-covered grass.

"There's an entrance right here." Master Nilla stopped and pointed at the ground under them. "There's another just over there, but we have to open it from the inside." She pointed to the top of the hill. "Master Eldon, you'll take the top entrance. We three," she pointed at herself and the two Rayguns, "will use this one and let you in once inside. As soon as we enter, we'll find heavy fire. We need to take them fast and swiftly. If they ring the alarm, we're fucked. Any questions?"

"Just one," Eldon muttered. "Does this outfit make me look fat?"

Master Nilla rolled her eyes. "I have something for you," she said as her hand reached to the insides of her leather jacket. She pulled what looked like a simple metal tube and handed it to him.

"A stick. How did you know?"

"It retractable. Press the button and it'll turn into a spear." She proudly smiled at Eldon's obvious surprise. "I thought you might like it."

"You gave me a gun and now a spear? You're spoiling me, Nilla."

Eldon had never enjoyed guns, and he didn't really know how to properly use them. His aim was shit. A spear, however, was a weapon better suited for his abilities. He smiled gratefully at the woman, then proceeded to climb the hill in all fours.



Once at the top, he remained lying on the ground, silently waiting for Master Nilla's signal.

Several seconds passed. Nothing. The wind hissing and the howling of faraway animals made him shiver. The echoes of the night were not helping his anxiety. More seconds passed. Had something gone wrong? He remained still, listening. Nothing.

Then the ground started to shake. Like an angry animal opening its jaws, a round and minimal door appeared in front of him. No more seconds were wasted. He jumped, perhaps too eagerly, into the scorpion's nest.

He landed in the middle of the battle. There weren't too many guards. Ten, perhaps twelve. Enough to keep them entertained. Master Nilla was in front of the alarm switch, protecting it, so Eldon turned his attention to three guards who had overpowered one of the Rayguns and were now kicking him mercilessly.

He ran and jumped, tackling one of them. Falling alongside him, Eldon kicked the legs of the second one. He heard a knee cracking. He jumped back up, kicked the gun out of the third one and sent him flying to the other side of the limited space.

Master Nilla had single-handedly taken down four. The Captain had some trouble with the two that had come his way but, all in all, it had been an easy battle.

With all the guards down, Eldon looked around the lair. The simplicity of the shiny metallic walls gave the place a dignified look. Just like the outside, there seemed to be nothing around them. They were standing on top of what looked like a long spiral staircase that led deeper into the nest. The silence that now reigned was interrupted by the sound of a faraway engine starting.

It would take a couple of minutes to climb down the staircase. Never one to be patient, Eldon opted for the quicker route.

"Nilla, you and the Captain will climb down the staircase. Take out any soldiers that cross your way."

The Captain frowned as he kneeled to check on his fallen comrade. "What about you?"

"I don't really like waiting."

Eldon reached into his pocket and took out a wire. He attached one end to the bannister, then held tightly to the other and jumped into the vacuum below. His descent was quick and almost unnoticeable. His eyes barely registered what was going on, as a dance of shadows and colours passed him. He was beginning to wonder if the wire would be long enough to take him all the way down, when the floor appeared below. His feet hit the ground as he let go of the cord, which travelled back up, returning to its original form.

He was now in the inside of a factory. Large, steaming machines lined the road ahead. Low-hanging lamps were suspended from the tall ceilings. There were no windows, only storm drains in the floor, and Eldon felt as if he had just walked into a furnace.

He set aside such thoughts. The control room would surely be further down, he needed to keep moving. The steam would be his ally. Eyes wide open, he slithered through the machines, minding his step. The sound of the engines running and the heavy smell of coal and burnt wood made him nauseous.

Maybe I can throw up on them . Now that would be something.

Maybe I can throw up on them Now that would be something. He stopped moving as soon as he heard it. Boisterous steps, the kind that came with heavy boots. Hiding behind a round, silver machine, he saw a thickly armed group of soldiers heading towards the stairs. He counted ten. Master Nilla could handle them. The Captain might not be so lucky, though. He waited for them to disappear beyond the stairs, then crossed the space that separated him from the door from which the soldiers had come out of.

Another room full of machines. These ones were turned off, meaning there was no steam behind which to hide. The sound of steps made it clear company was on its way. He had left the previous group for Master Nilla to handle. This one would be all his.



Noticing a metallic chair on the side, he grabbed it and placed it in the middle of the room. He then sat and waited. A few seconds later, a new group came out of a wide door on the other side of the room. The six soldiers froze when they saw him.

"Hey boys," he said in a singsong voice. "Do you think this outfit makes me look fat?"

He didn't give them a chance to react. He grabbed the chair and threw it at them. It hit one straight in the face, probably breaking his nose. Three of them ran to him at once. Eldon axe-kicked the first one, taking him out. He leaped frog over the second one, who came charging at him like a bull, and wrapped his legs around the third one's neck, doing a round off and making the man's face crash against the floor. The bull grabbed him from behind. Eldon caught the man's hand and twisted it, his ears ringing with the soldier's roar. He turned and launched his feet at the man's face. They both reached the floor at the same time. Only Eldon came back up.

He turned but the other two soldiers were nowhere to be found. He stayed put, trying to see if they'd come out from behind the machines, but the room was dead silent. They probably went back to where they came from, which could only mean one thing.

Backup is on its way.

Backup is on its way. Eldon traversed the room and went through the wide door. This time he found a long hall. There were no machines in sight. Instead, a long line of soldiers was now standing between him and the door on the other side. The sound of a roaring engine was all that he needed to know he had found the control room.

Now the problem was getting there.

The soldiers gave him their most menacing looks as they approached him slowly. This time he counted twelve. He reached into his coat and took out the metallic stick Master Nilla had given him earlier. Doing as she said, he pressed the button in the middle and two sharp blades came out of each end of the tube. Spear in hand, he pointed it at the soldiers, ready to play.

"Okay, gentlemen. Let's dance."

********



********

Timothy had been pacing around the deck of the Clementine for the last ten minutes. He could hear the sounds of the battle below him, yet there was still no sign of the trap door. His heart was racing and his head was spinning with a million different thoughts, each one worse than the one before.

"Maybe we should go help," he said as Alder approached him.

The old man put his hand on Timothy's shoulder and shook his head. "I know how you feel but we need to trust them. We have a plan. We must stick to it."

Timothy growled but said nothing more. He knew Alder was right. If for some reason Eldon and Master Nilla failed, it would be up to them to destroy the bird.

"Trust him," Alder said in a comforting voice. "He knows what he's doing."

"I know that. It's just..." he bit his lip as his eyes travelled back to the hill below him, which seemed to be slowly sinking into the ground. "I don't want to lose him. Not now that we're together. There's so much left for us to do."

"And you will do it all. Give it time..."

Timothy didn't let him finish. The sound of metal banging made him turn his attention to the left side of the hill. The earth was beginning to separate and he knew his Emmu had come through.

He didn't lose any more time. "This is it! Prepare, we're going down!"

The Raygun that had been left in charge of the Clementine nodded and commenced the descent of the vessel. Timothy and Alder exchanged one final look before turning their attention towards the scorpion's nest, which was now in full display.



And it was chaos. Soldiers dressed in heavy armour and wearing masks moved around a platform, trying to surround two figures, who Timothy recognized as Master Nilla and the Captain. As soon as he saw his wife, Alder jumped from the Clementine, activating his propellers and heading straight into the thick of battle. Timothy tried to search for Emmu but failed to find him. Knowing his sapphire was most likely in the control room, he turned to the Rayguns, ready to assume the role of Captain for the moment.

"You stay here and keep the engine going," he commanded, pointing at the pirate behind the wheel. He then turned to the men beside him. "You five, put on a backpack and come with me. We're going deep into the nest. The rest of you, stay in the platform and help your Captain."

Timothy grabbed a backpack, pulled the switches to activate the propellers, and jumped from the ship. He entered the nest and passed through the waves of soldiers dressed entirely in black, ignoring them. As he approached the bottom floor, a storm of steam attacked him, clouding his sight. He reached the floor and found a welcoming party.

Dropping the backpack, Timothy took out the mace that Alder had made for him and threw himself into the fight. He struck one of the soldiers straight in the chest. He turned and hit another one in the head. The steam was increasing by the second and Timothy suddenly found himself completely blinded.

Remembering his training, he stopped moving. Instead, he started listening. The nest was full of life. Screams that came from above. Gasps. Guns firing. A ringing in his ear. And then, steps behind him. He turned and struck the hammer into a chest plate. A loud scream accompanied by the sound of someone falling came next.

The soldier's armours were too bulky, which meant once they fell on their backs, they became turtles and were unable to get back up. A soldier tried to grab him by the shoulder. He knocked him out with one strike. The five Rayguns finally came to join the battle, their propellers doing a lot to dissipate the steam. Knowing they would take care of the remaining soldiers, he turned and ran towards the door on the other side.

"Make sure they don't follow me," he screamed at them before leaving.

He came into a new room with machines but no steam. This one was nearly empty, save for the unconscious soldiers lying in the floor. He had no business there, so he traversed it in three long strides and came to a long hallway. Like the previous room, it too was filled with defeated soldiers. This was surely Emmu's work. He ran through the hall and into a new room with a large engine

"What took you so long?"

He'd recognize that voice anywhere.

Emmu was standing on the left corner of the room. His face was red and his clothes splattered with blood, but he looked unharmed.

"You know me, I like to take my time," Timothy replied in between gasps. "Nice work back there."

"Thanks. I was wondering if we could take one of those soldier's helmets with us. Figure we could use it in bed one of these days."

"Now you have a thing for soldiers?"

"Only if they look like you."

Smiling, Timothy walked to his sapphire and grabbed him by the waist, pulling him into a savage and desperate kiss. Their bodies pressed against each other and their tongues intertwined, making him tremble with excitement.

"There's another room even lower," Emmu whispered as their lips separated. "I'm sure the bird is there."

Timothy used a more formal tone, pointing towards the stairs beside them. "After you."

Emmu smirked. "Pussy."

They descended quietly, turning around every so often to make sure no one was following them. After a while, the sounds from above became only a whisper. They were now going to the very core of the lair. When they reached the end of the staircase at last, they understood they had entered the bird's nest. Even through the blackness that surrounded him, Timothy recognized the large machine that stood in front of them.

The bird rested in front of them. It was twice the size of any blimp he had ever seen, but it was nowhere near as big as the giant creature than had been haunting his dreams. Seeing it now in real life, he found it even scarier. Its head was so large, almost the size of its body, giving it an oddly misshapen appearance. A collection of wires came from underneath its beak, reminding him of a rooster's wattle. Its feet had long, sharp and shiny claws the size of Timothy's head, while its wings seemed to be made of razor feathers.

Its entire body was metallic, but unlike the bird in his dream, it didn't look rusty and old, but new and modern. Walking around the machine, Timothy couldn't help but feel anxious. More than once he thought the broad eyes of the machine had lit up. He tried to hide his discomfort from his sapphire, not wanting to worry him. As soon as he saw his lover's expression, his concerns evaporated.

Unlike him, Emmu seemed intrigued and borderline fascinated by the machine. His hand had reached to it and was now caressing the bird's head, as if it was an actual live animal that Emmu was afraid of waking up.

"I thought it'd be bigger," Timothy said as he took a closer look at the bird's glass eyes.

Emmu nodded without looking at him, his attention still devoted to the machine. "Me too. It's not so scary. It's actually quite beautiful, if you really look at it."

Timothy was about to refute that statement when a loud burst drowned his words. The heat in the room increased at once and a sudden steam discharge blinded them. Before he knew it, the platform in which they were standing had begun rising from the ground.

They went up, straight towards the ceiling. For a second, he thought they would crash. Then, the ceiling shook and another trap door was revealed. The night sky received them as the cool wind struck them, giving their lungs a chilly welcome.

Once they were out of the lair, a new tremor shook them, separating the bird. The head and the wings remained on the floor, while the legs and the tail ascended again, propelled by two rockets that came from the sides of the platform. The front half of the machine then advanced through the open field, it too driven by two rockets that came from the side of the platform.

Emmu and him exchanged looks and as soon as Timothy saw his sapphire's eyes, he knew what that hothead was thinking.

"Follow that thing. Don't let it get away!"

"Why do you get to take the flying one?" Timothy shouted as his sapphire ran towards the rising platform.

"Because I can't drive!"

With a powerful jump, Emmu grabbed the edge of the platform. He pulled himself up and disappeared between the bird's sharp claws.

Timothy sighed in defeat. Turning, he saw the front of the bird was now advancing rapidly towards Ravenport.

"Timothy!" He heard Master Nilla's scream and found her among the crowd of soldiers and Rayguns. He signalled her to follow him and the two ran towards the Clementine, who was still floating above the now collapsed hill.

Climbing the rope ladder that had been lowered, they reached the deck of the ship in no time and Timothy ran to the wheel, taking control of the vessel. He turned the ship around and sped away from the scorpion's nest and into the heart of the night.





A Chase in the Night





The Clementine cut through the open field with all the speed it could gather. However, it wasn't enough to catch up to the moving platform carrying the bird. The vessel was far too large to manoeuvre and Timothy knew that, once the platform entered Ravenport, it would easily lose itself in the twisty, stony streets.

The sound of more engines behind them made Timothy turn around. His heart almost burst out of his chest when he saw three carts catching up to them, each one with three passengers aboard. Their hanging, dog-like purple tongues and the trail of blue saliva that they left behind made it clear they were Royders.

Turning back, Timothy felt the sweat dripping down his face. His clammy hands held on to the wheel as he tried to come up with a plan. In the distance, Ravenport's shape appeared, it's low and plain structures dwarfing under the night sky.

The three carts finally caught up with the bird and surrounded it, forming a menacing convoy that'd be hard to take down.

"Can we fire at them?" Timothy had to shout to make sure the Raygun understood him.

The young man shook his head. "We could try, but we won't touch them, they're too far away. We need to move in closer and Clem is not fast enough."

"We need to go down there," Master Nilla said as she held on to the mast while Timothy struggled to control the large aeronef. "We'll never catch them in this."

"I might have something for you," the young Raygun said as he approached Timothy, requesting control of the Clementine. "Climb down the stairs and go through the door on the right. There are two bobbers you can use. They're light and fast, and they also have guns on the front so you'll be able to shoot at them. I'll open the door for you and I'll lower the ship as much as I can so that you can jump out."

Timothy and Nilla didn't waste any more time. They did as the young man said, running towards the stairs before he had even finished talking.

The Raygun gave them one last warning before they disappeared. "Just don't break them!"

The bobbers were exactly where the young pirate had said. They were thin and quite long; two rather large wheels supported the weight. The engine was completely visible, as were the guns that were haphazardly installed in the front. The rust that covered the whole thing did little to increase Timothy's trust in the vehicle, but they had no choice. Running wasn't an option.

The lower door opened slowly, allowing a storm of dust into the small chamber. Nilla was first to get on the bobber and Timothy followed, only half-convinced. He felt the cold steel against his skin as he stepped on the pedal. The engine came to life with a loud roar and before he knew it, the bobber was moving towards the ramp formed by the open door.

They dropped for about six feet before touching the ground, and Timothy felt the hit all over the machine. For a few seconds, he thought the whole thing would come undone. Once the bobber proved its resistance, Timothy pressed the throttle and accelerated into Ravenport. The night would be their ally. The empty streets would be the only witnesses to this chase, while all Ravenportians were safely tucked in their beds.

As they entered the city, the sound of the engines caught the attention of the Royders. The ones in the cart at the end of the convoy turned to face Timothy, pointing their large rifles at him. They fired at once and Timothy had some trouble avoiding the bullets. More worried about the two-wheeler than he was about himself, he pointed the bobber's guns at the car and fired.

He had been expecting simple bullets, but he was instead surprised to see fireballs coming out of the guns' muzzle. The Royders successfully avoided the attack, but their cart lit up as soon as it came in contact with the flames. Now a moving ball of fire, the cart stopped abruptly. It then started reversing, before spinning 180 degrees. Facing Timothy, it started advancing directly towards him. The collision would be swift and instant.



Timothy fired again. The fireballs reached the cart in seconds and the Royders let out a shrill scream that pierced the quiet night. One of them jumped out of the cart and rolled on the ground, trying to put down the flames that were rapidly consuming him. The other two, however, stayed in the cart, determined to take Timothy down with them. He had no time to think, so he did the first thing that came to mind.

He leaned to his right. His face was just inches from the ground. His shoulder was practically gracing it. He pressed the throttle and the bobber slid under the cart. The heat became unbearable. The flames touched his body. His skin started burning. But it was just a matter of seconds. Before he knew it, he was out of that hell. He straightened the bobber and, just like the Royders had done before, did a 180-degree turn. He fired a third time and the cart exploded, turning night into day.

"Done showing off?" Master Nilla shouted as she passed him by. She was going at full speed and Timothy enjoyed his small victory for a few seconds, before catching up to her.

They convoy was now completely exposed from the back. The bird's eyes were looking at him and Timothy felt his hand sliding to the gun's trigger. He fired. Master Nilla did the same. Both fireballs reached the platform at the same time, yet they did very little damage to the bird. It would take several more to truly melt that machine.

The remaining Royders roared in anger. More riffles pointed at them and Timothy and Master Nilla had to react quickly to avoid the bullets.

He heard her screaming. "Go left!"

He obeyed and turned at the first opportunity. As he suspected, one of the carts followed him. A bullet graced his arm and he clenched his teeth as the pain travelled all the way to his hand. Still, he didn't let go of the throttle. More bullets were fired. Despite the narrowness of the street, he zigzagged, successfully avoiding the majority. A few managed to hit the bobber. The engine complained. The back wheel trembled. The whole thing shook as Timothy struggled to maintain control. Knowing the bobber wouldn't last much longer, he slowed down.

As expected, the Royders caught up with him. He was waiting for them. He was ready. He stood on his seat and jumped into the cart. The bobber, now unmanned, kept advancing beside them. Timothy landed on the back seat, tackling one the Royders on the way and throwing him out of the cart.

He turned and found a fist, which crashed against his face. The sheer strength of the strike sent a flash of pain through his head. Bewildered, he stepped back and grabbed on to the side of the cart to avoid falling off. Blood was now gushing from his nose. Unstoppable. He could taste it. The Royder in front of him opened his mouth. For a second, Timothy thought it was a victory cheer. He was wrong.

A strong and disgusting odour filled the air as the blue ooze came out of the Royder's mouth. It felt like oil against Timothy's skin and it tasted as bad as it smelled. Rage took over him. He let out an infuriated scream and lashed out at the Royder, who wasn't fast enough to avoid him. Timothy's punches were unerring and merciless. He felt the man's neck cracking under his palm and knew it was over.

Two more Royders waited for him, including the one behind the steering wheel. He grabbed one of the rifles and shot directly at the driver's face. The cart abruptly went left, hitting the boober and sending it flying away. The last Royder launched at him, but Timothy used the man's own momentum to throw him of the cart. He then turned to grab the wheel. Stepping on the pedal, the vehicle accelerated at once.

The chilly wind did little to get the ooze of his face. It was starting to harden, making his skin feel tight and dry. Still, he ignored the feeling. The cart was now going faster, pushing the engine to the edge. It began smoking as Timothy turned right and entered the wide street where the Grand Bazaar usually stood. He drove past closed stalls and empty stores as he made his way back to the main road.



In the distance, the convoy appeared. The last Royder Cart had only one passenger, the driver, with no trace of the other three. On the platform, the bird was ablaze. Tall and furious flames stretched above it, like hands trying to reach the sky. The smoke was beginning to take over the space, making it difficult to see. And yet, the bird seemed functional still. If they were to put out the flames, Timothy was sure it would still be able to fly. It needed one final push before burning for good.

Master Nilla, still in her bobber, caught up to the cart and, with perfect aim, fired her guns at the driver. The Royder's life left him as the cart crashed against the platform, catching the flames at once. Master Nilla's eyes met him and she knew what he was about to do. Hitting the brake, her bobber almost flipped over before stopping, leaving her behind.

Timothy then stepped on the pedal and the cart reached maximum velocity. The engine, unable to take any more pressure, caught fire as the entire thing began disintegrating. Timothy then jumped out and rolled on the ground, crashing against one of the empty stalls and destroying it. He raised his eyes just in time to see the flaming cart crashing against the platform.

A huge explosion lit up the sky, sending a rain of metal into the night. Shaking, Timothy stood up and slowly walked towards the main road. As Master Nilla joined him, they both stood over the remains of the machines, silently watching the fire melting the face away from the bird of his nightmares.

********

******** Eldon was shaking from head to toe.

As he moved in between the massive legs of the bird, he tried to find a weak spot to stick his spear into. There was none. The metal with which the machine was built was so resistant, his spear would break without even scratching it. His gun was also useless, as it shot bolts of lightning instead of bullets.

The platform was steadily flying north, and while Eldon didn't feel the air getting thinner, he knew he couldn't stay aboard much longer. The further he went with the bird, the harder it'd be to go back to Ravenport. Whatever he was going to do, he'd have to do sooner rather than later.

He considered his options: He could try punching the bird; no, that'd be stupid. Come on, Eldon, you're smarter than that. What about pushing it? Perhaps, he could drop it into the field below. The machine moved a couple of inches, but not nearly enough to actually fall from the platform.

Come on, Eldon, you're smarter than that. "Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" He cursed himself under his breath. As always, he had acted before thinking. No plan, no weapon, no help? It was the Ironport dream all over again. "Dumbass."

He then thought of Timmy, bravely chasing after the bird's top half, and felt ashamed of himself. He couldn't give up now. Not when they were so close. He sighed, letting go of all self-pity, and resumed his pushing. No matter what it took, he'd destroy this fucking bird.

The sound of engines running made him turn back in the lair's direction. He saw them and couldn't hold back a scream of joy. Four flying carts were coming his way, each carrying around four or five men. They were definitely Royders. Their tongues gave them away. They were carrying some heavy looking guns. All he needed to do was get hold of one, then he could fire this bird back to hell.

While on the platform, Eldon was reasonably safe. The Royders couldn't shoot at him without putting their precious bird at risk. Yet, if he wanted one of those guns, he needed to leave this comfort and jump to one of the carts. However, he stopped himself from doing anything rash. He needed a plan. Maybe this time he should think before acting.

His moment of maturity was a brief one. When one of carts came in close enough, he forgot about everything else. He jumped towards the machine, landing on the bonnet. The Royders aboard roared when they locked eyes with him.



Eldon smiled brightly at them. "Hey, boys! Mind giving me a lift?"

The driver stirred the wheel and the cart swerved violently away from the platform and into the dark of the night. Eldon slipped and grabbed onto the bumpers, his hanging legs feeling as though they were going to detach from the rest of his body.

As he struggled not to let go, the Royders shot at him. Eldon swung around the cart, surrounding it as he escaped the bullets. He reached the side door, grabbed the handle and, swinging to gain momentum, did a round off that made him land in the back seat of the cart.

He found two Royders pointing their guns at him. He threw one off the cart, then wrapped his legs around the second one's torso, chocking him. Taking the gun, Eldon fired at the driver. The cart tilted to the side and Eldon grabbed the seat to avoid falling off. In the front, the last Royder standing was trying to take control of the wheel.

Eldon fired again. His shit aim made him hit the windscreen, the side mirror and the air. He roared in victory when a bullet finally landed on the Royder's face. His celebration was cut short by the burst of gore that soon covered both the cart and him. Ignoring the taste of blood, he launched himself at the front seat and threw both death Royders off the cart.

He was never a great pilot, that was Timmy's forte, but he would do his best and that'd have to be enough. Grabbing the wheel, he clumsily stabilized the car and flew back to the platform.

He was welcomed with heavy fire. Not only bullets but also fireballs, which seemed to be coming out of the carts. Two of the fire attacks narrowly missed him. The bullets were almost invisible to perceive, so he couldn't do anything when they crashed against the windshield. The cracked glass made it even harder to see.

"Oh, for fucks sake!" Eldon flew to one of the carts. Once he was close enough, he punched the windscreen, detaching it completely and sending it towards the Royders beside him. Three of them dodged it. One wasn't so lucky. He fell off the cart and into the vacuum below. Raging, the other three turned to him, ready to avenge their fallen friend.

"Okay, angry Royders, angry Royders!" Frantic, he began pressing all the buttons in the dashboard. One of them was bound to be the trigger.

A lot of things happened at once: water came out shooting at the missing windscreen, steam surrounded him for some unknown reason and the bonnet of the cart opened, revealing a small cannon where the engine normally was.

The three Royders rammed their cart against his. Leaving it floating unmanned, they jumped into his cart and he was forced to fight them using only one hand. Smashing one of the man's faces against the dashboard made the cannon come to life, like a sleeping beast that had been aggressively woken up.

Eldon seized the opportunity and aimed at the bird. He fired the cannon, which spat a flaming ball towards the machine. The Royders screamed in terror as their weapon bust into flames. The sole Royder that remained alive launched at him. Eldon struggled for a bit before finally snapping the man's neck with a swift slap.

Two carts were still afloat and they were firing at him. Balls of fire and waves of bullets filled the skies. One of the flaming orbs hit the side of his cart. The whole thing caught fire. The heat surrounded him and Eldon felt burning as the melting metal licked his skin.

Below him, he saw a small river that travelled all the way north, probably going into the Breathing Mountains. With his options running low, he once again acted out of impulse.

"Oh fuck it!"

He stepped on the pedal and accelerated into the bird, firing at it with all the strength the cannon had left. Two, three, four fireballs smashed against the machine, turning it into a moving inferno. The two carts divided, with one going to the bird's aid while the other flew at him, ready to take him down once and for all.

Eldon, however, wasn't planning on waiting. He fired one last shot at the bird, then pressed the pedal as hard as he could. The cart kept advancing, going straight into the burning platform. Bullets graced his skin and one landed on his leg, but he was already out of there. With the melting bird in front of him, Eldon kicked the door out of his way and threw himself into the abyss below.

He heard the cart crashing against the bird. A colossal explosion accelerated his way down. The pain from the shot was beginning to invade his leg but he had more important things to worry about. As a downpour of fiery debris fell alongside him, Eldon saw the transparent surface appearing below him.

He crashed against the water and sank for a few seconds, fighting against the depths that wanted to claim him. As soon as he came out, he greeted the air he had been missing. Still floating, he looked up at the blazing platform that fell from the sky and which carried the remains of the bird that had been haunting his dreams.

He laughed hysterically. He cheered and splashed and cursed at the skies. He couldn't believe it. They had done it. He knew Timmy would have done his part. He knew it. And now they had dealt a massive blow to Indigo's plans. No bird meant no attack on Ironport. It meant they had won a massive victory in this seemingly endless war.

He swam towards the shore, feeling as though things would get better. As the platform finally reached the ground and crashed against it, Eldon looked back at the fallen bird and gave it one last pitiful look before turning around and beginning his way back to Ravenport.





A Gun Firing





Viola sat in between the Marquise and Lady Livilla and across from Prince Edison. Everywhere she looked she saw royalty and nobility. She was surprised she got a sit in the table in the first place; the Marquise's hand was behind it, no doubt. Still, even though the food was great and the wine even better, she didn't feel comfortable. It wasn't just the fake smiles and the lies that were spoken. Danger lurked in every corner.

At the head of the table, the absent and uneasy Queen constantly shot nervous looks their way. Ever since she had summoned the Marquise to her chambers, that random morning four days ago, she had become more paranoid. Locked in her chambers, she refused to see anyone other than her favourite and the Marquise, who she seemed to trust for some unknown reason.

Viola was now certain the young woman knew exactly what was happening. The Marquise seemed to be the puppet master, pulling the strings to achieve some still mysterious goal. Viola couldn't say for sure what her endgame was, but one thing was clear: nothing that had happened in the last couple of days was coincidence.

The Shark of Heliport, despite his apparent infatuation towards the Marquise, was not blind to this. That much was clear when, just earlier that day, Viola had overheard a conversation between the Viscount and him.

"There's something wrong alright." The Shark's voice had taken her out of her thoughts. She had wanted to take a shortcut back to the Marquise's chambers, when she took a wrong turn and ended up lost on the eastern part of Leverfort. "There's something seriously messed up with that doctor. Physically."

The Viscount's hushed voice followed. "What do you mean?"

"His tongue was blue. Fucking blue. And his breath, God above! It was like smelling a whorehouse after too much fun has been had."

"What does that even mean?"

"Whatever, the point is it was foul . Fucking disgusting, if you ask me."

foul "He's an old man. Perhaps he had poor hygiene? Wouldn't be the first."

"You're young. You're still a shave tail in these matters. I'm telling you, that old crow ain't normal. And I bet the Marquise knows exactly what's wrong."

"You reckon?"

"Absolutely. I ain't no nickey. I know when someone's knowing more than they're saying. Her pretty face and fancy manners can't fool me."

The Viscount let out a smirk. "You seem pretty fooled every time you're with her."

"Nothing more than a trick, now ain't it? Women like their men stupid. They feel like they're in control. They lower their guard."

The Viscount sounded unconvinced. "She's not lowering anything. As a matter of fact, I still don't know if we can actually trust her. I wouldn't be surprised if she was actually behind everything, even the so-called attempts on her life."

The Shark answered matter-of-factly. "Nah, that ain't it. The Shooter would know by now if that was the case."

"And you think she would tell us? Women stick together."

"The Shooter is a soldier first and a woman second. Trust me, Viscount, if she had something on the Marquise, she'd come to me."

The sound of faraway steps made the men stop their talk. Still, Viola had heard everything she needed. Walking back to where she had come from, she toyed with the men's words. They, like her, weren't all too sure about the Marquise's intentions. That wasn't a surprise. What was shocking was knowing that the Shark had so much faith in her, especially because it was rather misplaced.



Even if she knew something about the Marquise, she wouldn't tell the Shark. Truth was, Viola didn't trust anyone at Leverfort, not even the gullible Lady Livilla. She had always been wary, especially of men. After the betrayal that left her face permanently scared, any trace of trust she had left was obliterated.

Now, as she sat in that table, surrounded by people wearing masks, she felt fortunate. She too wore a mask, as effective as everyone else's, but far more menacing. And she, unlike the rest, wore it with pride. She had so many things to hide. The fact she was hiding them wasn't one of them.

In front of her, the arrival of a servant interrupted her train of thought. He was like all the rest, except for the fact he was wearing goggles. A weird item to wear during the job. He approached Prince Edison and whispered something in his ear, before stepping back and disappearing in the shadows behind.

The Prince cleared his throat and spoke in a whisper, as if he didn't want anyone to notice him. "Excuse me. Something's come up."

He stood up and discretely left the room. Viola followed him with her eyes before turning to her left once she felt the Marquise's gaze on her.

Before the young woman spoke, she knew what she would ask. "Follow him. Don't lose him out of your sight."

Viola didn't think twice. Desperate to leave that table, she stood up and exited the room using the same door as the Prince. Her hand resting on the gun that hung from her belt, she saw Edison disappearing at the end of the dark hall and followed him.

She had to be fast. Leverfort was vast and full of passages. She had become lost more than once. If he turned on the right corner or went through the right passage, she would lose him for good. Trying to blend with the shadows, she kept a considerable distance from the Prince. More than once, he turned back to make sure no one was following him. Each time, Viola was certain he knew about her presence.

As she ventured deeper into the castle, she had the growing fear that she was being led into a trap. The words of the Viscount then came back to her. Might the Marquise be trying to get rid of her? It wouldn't work. Viola had fought tougher enemies than a Prince, or even two or three. She was no shoddy pigeon. This wouldn't be her day.

She now seemed to be in one of the western towers. Looking back one last time, the Prince walked into a room and shut the door behind him. Viola remained hidden behind a column, silently considering her options. The idea of going back was a ridiculous one, since the way up had been so intricate. However, if she just barged into the room looking for trouble, she'd certainly find it.

She then heard it. Stealthy steps behind her. They were barely audible, yet she knew they were there. Her hand wrapped around the gun. She feigned ignorance, not turning back. Even though they were now closer, the steps were hardly there. For a second, she fooled herself into thinking there was nothing. But she was never wrong. Not about these things. She waited. They'd be within her grasp in a matter of seconds.

Just one more moment.

In the blink of an eye, she took her gun out, turned around, and pointed it at the man that had just appeared behind her. The muzzle pressed against the man's skin, right in the middle of his eyebrows. It took her a few seconds before distinguishing his face.

"Nice reflexes," the Viscount whispered. Hands raised in surrender, he was quite calm for someone who had a gun pointed at his face.

Viola didn't lower her guard. "Why are you here? Were you following me?"

"Of course," he simply replied. "This concerns us all, doesn't it?"

Her wounded pride spoke this time. "How did you sneak up on me?"



"Did I? I was under the impression I had a gun pointed at my face."

She clenched her teeth. "Flattery. Typical man."

He gave her a smile full of teeth. "Can't blame me for trying. Come on, I bet we can hear what's happening from the adjoining room."

Rolling her eyes, she followed him to the door a little further away from the one the Prince had used. Entering the room, they found three servants who stared at them, confused; by the look on their faces, it was clear Viola and the Viscount weren't supposed to be there.

"Leave. Now." The Viscount's order was straight and tactless and the servants exchanged worried looks before obeying, bowing before the young man before exiting.

"They'll let someone know we're here," Viola said as the door closed behind her.

"Then we better move fast."

They walked towards the door that led into the other room, where Prince Edison was. His voice was muffled by the thick wood and Viola could barely understand what he was saying. She turned around and, finding the wine cart, crossed the room and grabbed a stemless glass.

The Viscount arched his eyebrows. "Really?"

She ignored his scepticism. "It works."

She placed the open end against the wood. The voice became clearer but she still had some trouble understanding the words.

"Well?" The Viscount pressed his ear against the wall. His face was now in front of hers and she pressed her lips, uncomfortable with the sudden proximity.

"Something about a bird." She signalled him to hush and he obeyed at once. "The remains of the bird were found in... I can't understand. One of the ports."

"That narrows it down," he said sarcastically.

She shushed him just in time to hear it. She'd recognize that sound anywhere, through anything. No walls or doors could disguise it. A gun firing was as familiar to her as her own heartbeat. Whatever was happening, it was clear someone wouldn't be leaving that room.

Viola didn't need to hear anything else. "Time to go."

"Couldn't say it better myself."

As they both headed towards the exit, the door through which they had been listening burst open. It took the Prince a moment before noticing them. When he did, he immediately reached for his gun. She, however, was faster.

She tackled him before he had even raised the gun. Through the door, a group of RoyalCorps appeared. Like their Prince, they too were wearing goggles and mouth covers, and they immediately launched at the Viscount, who had trouble fighting them off. On the floor, she rolled under the table at her side. Gun in hand, she began shooting at the soldiers.

Her aim was perfect as ever. Her bullets reached their targets with no problem. And yet, they didn't fall. They kept fighting as if nothing was happening. Even as they bled, they kept going. Her shock was even greater when she saw blue instead of crimson, as the blood poured from them and into the wooden floors. A strong and disgusting smell soon filled the room and she held back the desire to throw up.

Beside her, a scream. She turned too late and found a fist. Her nose cracked and a wave of pain shot though her head. Her world turned upside down. Her vision blurred as the sound of the fighting became distant. She was falling. She was going away from the room, away from the fight, and into a new place. A dark place.

No. She refused. She fought the darkness away and forced herself back to moment. Her eyes opened again. She was still on the floor. She could feel the blood gushing from her nose and maybe even her one good eye. Yet she demanded resistance. She forced herself to focus just in time to avoid a new strike.



Prince Edison crawled like a deformed spider. His limbs twirled and twisted as he attempted to stand up. She fought through her shock and shot at him until her bullets ran out. Like the soldiers that defended him, he too bled blue. And he was still alive, even though the bullets had certainly reached him.

Edison, now standing, threw himself at her. He was fast and incredibly strong. Even when she dodged his attacks, she took damage simply by coming in contact with him. But she kept fighting. Her honour demanded it. Locked in a death grip, they crashed against the wall. She was using all her strength to keep him away, growing weaker by the second.

Her eyes travelled to the other side of the room, where the Viscount was barely holding on. He was heavily bruised and bleeding, and while he seemed to have defeated at least one of his attackers, three still remained and were ganging up on him.

A flash of silver then caught her attention. Lowering her eyes to the Prince's belt, she saw a silver gun. Small, delicate and surely filled with bullets. She seized the opportunity. With renewed vigour, she crashed the Prince's head against the wall, splattering herself with his blood. Drops of it fell on her arm, making her scream in pain. They burnt, like blazing flames against her skin. Tears came out of her eyes as she grabbed the silver weapon.

It felt familiar in her hands. She relished the feeling, almost forgetting about the intense pain that had now reached her wrist. She raised the gun and as soon as she pulled the trigger, she was in awe. No bullet came out of the muzzle. Instead, a bolt of lightning shot directly at the Prince. He let out a piercing scream and instantly collapsed. She fired two new bolts. He shook aggressively, blue blood coming out of his mouth, nose and eyes. Then he stopped and simply lied on the floor. Viola knew he wouldn't come back up.

Turning around, she shot three more times, hitting each one of the RoyalCorps with ease. Like their Prince, they too roared before collapsing, their bodies trembling in the same way Edison's had.

With all the attackers on the floor, Viola's legs gave up. She collapsed to the floor, panting. Her shaky hands released the gun, which fell pathetically next to her. The burn scar on her arm was now shining bright and ugly, but she hardly fell the pain anymore. She closed her eyes and rested her head on the wall.

The Viscount spoke in between gasps. "We need to go. More will be coming. And you just killed one of the Princes."

Viola let out a tired sigh. She looked at the body that lied next to her and considered the consequences. She shook her head, defeated. She had won the battle, but she may very well had lost the war.

********

******** The second Viola and the Viscount crossed the door to the Queen's parlour, all eyes were on them. It took the Marquise a couple of seconds to notice the burn. As soon as she did, she looked in her small leather bag and took out a round crystal vial with a yellowish liquid inside. Then, the Marquise got up and walked to Viola. The young woman examined the burn, which somehow had gotten worse in the time it took them to get to the parlour.

After a few seconds of silence, the Marquise drew a thin smile and pressed Viola's hand warmly. "It is not so bad. I can take care of it."

"What happened?" The Shark asked as he paced around the room.

"We were attacked," the Viscount replied as he walked over to his future bride, who was sitting besides the Lady Livilla and Prince Buford. "Prince Edison got angry about the news he had just received. He killed someone, we heard the shot. Once he and his men discovered our presence, they attacked us. We barely got out alive."

The Shark grunted. "What about the Prince?"

Viola and the Viscount exchanged knowing looks. The Queen sat in her usual chair, her favourite next to her. Her eyes went from Viola to the Viscount and back. She understood right away. Still, Viola forced herself to speak. There was no point in delaying the truth.

"He died. I killed him."

Silence. In front of her, the Marquise remained stoic as she gently covered her burn with the yellowish liquid. Across from her, the Withered Flower had lowered her eyes, which were now fixed on the floor. Her face seemed to reflect a mix of confusion, fear and, dare Viola said it, relief.

Buford spoke first, standing up and pointing at Viola. "Well what are you waiting for, Captain? Grab the bitch!"

Queen Estella raised her voice. "He will do no such thing. Sit down, Buford."

Her son remained defiant. He shot her a murderous look before speaking again. "This woman just killed your son! And you don't care!" He took a couple of steps, stopping in front of his mother, towering over her. "If you don't do anything, I will."

The Queen, who up to this point had refused to face her son, finally met his eyes. Her face was now stony, steely determination filling her eyes. She spoke in a lower, menacing voice that was somehow scarier than any scream could ever be.

"Shut up. Sit down. And listen. God knows you need it."

Prince Buford's eyes went wide with anger. He tried to speak again, but her mother's dominance over him prevented further words from leaving his mouth. Face red and hands shaking, he clumsily went back and sat next to his wife. Lady Livilla tried putting her hand on his, but he slapped it away. Viola clenched her teeth. Right now, she wouldn't mind shooting another Prince. She was about to say something, when the Queen spoke again.

"Shooter Viola will have to answer for her actions. Eventually. Right now, I want to know everything. Speak. And don't lie to me. I'll know if you will."

The yellowish liquid stung and Viola let out a soft whimper. The Marquise whispered a feeble Sorry and Viola tried to ignore the discomfort as she began retelling the story.

Sorry "Bullshit," Buford said once she had finished. "Utter nonsense. People who get shot and don't die? You're full of shit."

"It sounds ridiculous, I know. But it's true." Viola's words were simple, not a trace of irony or exaggeration in them. Her eyes travelled the room.

The Prince was completely unconvinced. Lady Livilla looked frightened, her eyes reflecting all the fear that lived within her. Beside them, Princess Electa clenched to the Viscount's arm, both looking as apprehensive as they were worried. The Shark, who was still pacing, was lost in thought, as if he was still trying to make sense of her words.

The other three women in the room, however, were far more intriguing. The Queen and her favourite held hands. They both looked alarmed and disturbed, but not unconvinced. As a matter of fact, there was only one other person in that room who looked more certain than them.

"You know," Viola said, her one good eye fixed on the young woman in front of her.

The Marquise feigned ignorance. "Excuse me?"

"What they are. You know what they are." The two women were now fighting a duel with their eyes, daring each other to turn away. Neither did. Viola, now more than ever, was determined to get answers. And the Marquise had them. "We almost died tonight. The Queen has been assaulted. The King was murdered by his own son. You know something and you're going to speak. Now. Otherwise, I'll have to pull my trigger again."

"I'm afraid the Shooter is right, Marquise," the Shark said, walking towards the door and standing in front of it. "You're not leaving this place until we get the truth out of you."

"Which truth would you like to hear?"

"Even now, you're still playing games." Viola's words were filled with a contempt she didn't know she had. Yet, now, facing the Marquise, she was ready to lay it all out.

"We are always playing games, all of us. Some are just better at them than others." Closing the vial, she put it back in her bag and began wrapping Viola's arm with gauze. "Your sons are sick, Your Grace."

The Viscount snorted. "Understatement of the gear."

"What do you mean by sick?" The Withered Flower asked in a shaky tone, almost as if she didn't really want to know the answer.

The Marquise smiled cryptically. "Do you like scary stories? I have the scariest of them all."





A Shade of Indigo





That night in the Queen's parlour, Arabella had been presented with a choice: Either tell the absolute truth about Indigo and the true danger it represented or say just what they needed to hear to get rid of the definitive host once and for all.

As always, she chose a combination of both. Telling them the entire truth meant she would have to explain the fact she was a child born fifteen hundred gears ago, who travelled through time and space to bring a cure against this parasite, a cure that was somehow lost in her travels.

She remembered how she had received the news when Master Nilla had first told her. On the day of her seventeenth name day, she had sat down and her Master had presented her with a metallic box unlike any other she had ever seen. Inside, carefully folded, a baby one-piece and a white bracelet had changed her life forever.

It had taken her some time to fully process what that meant. It took her even longer to understand that her dreams were much more than that. Today and tomorrow became hard to distinguish. And every new day, the future became more of a dread, sad and uncertain, while the past remained absolute, clear and bright.

But such a bleak thought was not one people wanted to hear. No one liked the idea of a doomed tomorrow. So she avoided the matter when she spoke to the group. Instead, she only told them what they needed, and wanted, to hear. Enough to convince them that actions needed to be taken if they were to survive.

"So this parasite," the Captain had said as his nervous pace around the room became more of a strut, "it has infected the Princes?"

"Indeed it has," she responded.

The Queen asked, uncertainty plaguing her voice. "And there's no cure?"

"Not that we know of."

"Then we shall create one." The Withered Flower stood up, as if she wanted to go and search for one. "We'll bring every Physician, every Alienist, any and every person that can help. I don't care what it takes. I'll find one."

"Could we do that?" Shooter Viola asked, her eyes still fixed on the burn in her arm.

Arabella shrugged. "No one has ever acknowledged Indigo's existence before, so no one has ever tried. Perhaps it can be done. As of now, our main interest is to keep the parasite from further spreading. The definitive host controls all the others, so we need to neutralize him. But that does not mean we have to kill him."

"We would have to imprison every other infected person too, if we indeed want to keep this thing from growing stronger," the Viscount spoke, still clenching his future bride.

The Queen shook her head vigorously. "Do what you want with the others. Kill them for all I care. But no one touches my sons. That's an order."

Arabella, of course, intended to ignore the Withered Flower's wishes. She knew that a cure would be impossible to find. If the people that came before them had failed to find one, even with all their science and technology, what chance did they have? They, who were in diapers compared to Gunners. No, Arabella knew that was a losing fight.

All Royders needed to go. If Indigo was left unchecked, it would keep growing until all of Makina was infected. She would take no such chances. Each and every host would have to die, including both Princes. She did not care if that meant securing the Queen's hatred. She would kill them all with her bare hands if she had to.

And she probably would.

********

******** With the Queen's permission, Captain Batchelor moved against the Princes. Accusing them of treason, both Raynard and Hugo were summoned to the throne room to answer for their crimes.



Arabella knew this would be the day when all was decided. Not only would the Withered Flower be present, a great deal of Royal Corps would be too. Not to mention the members of the Small Council and noblemen and women who would bear witness to the trial. A room full of new targets for Indigo to invade. All it took was a well-placed spit and the parasite would have a new army of Royders.

Before they left her room, Arabella stopped Shooter Viola. "I have something for you. I had it custom made."

She took out the small box and put in in the Shooter's hands. The woman gave her a surprised look with her one good eye before opening it. The silver gun lied on top of a black velvet bed, shining like the sole star in the darkest of nights. Master Nilla had worked hard to have the gun ready and she had even engraved the Shooter's initials on the grip.

Viola took her time examining the weapon, her eye gleaming as her fingers danced around it. She held it, studied it, felt its weight against her skin as she grew accustomed to its shape. It was truly a beautiful piece. Master Nilla had outdone herself.

"This is like the gun you fired last night at Edison," Arabella said. "It will shoot lightning bolts instead of bullets. See those cartridges?" She pointed at the two silver packages that still laid in the velvet bed. "Each one has ten bolts. The gun has another ten already loaded. When you run out of them, just release the empty cartridge with the top button and introduce a new one. Lightning is very hard to harvest, so this is everything we have. However, I am certain Raynard and Hugo will have guns of their own, so you can always take those."

"Thank you," she said, finally looking at Arabella again. "I don't know what to say."

Arabella smiled. "Say nothing, then. Just make me a promise." She held the Shooter's hands with hers and squeezed them tightly. "Promise me you shall use it well. Promise me you will win. Promise me you will not die."

The Shooter drew a feeble smile and pulled her in for a hug. "I promise. Don't worry, Marquise. This ain't my first war."

Arabella felt her heart racing. She knew both of them were making their best to remain calm for the other. They were putting up a brave face, even though they were both afraid of what tonight would bring. They stayed silently embracing each other for quite a while until they finally separated, both their faces flushed and their eyes glassy.

"Ready to go?" Shooter Viola reached out and Arabella grabbed her glove-covered hand. Now more than ever, she was glad she would not be facing this fight by herself.

********



********

"Crown Prince Raynard," the Withered Flower spoke in a solemn, dry voice that reached every corner of the throne room. "You stand here accused of treason. Were you or were you not behind the plot that resulted in the death of the King of Makina and threw the kingdom into turmoil and uncertainty?"

Standing next to the Queen, Arabella faced the Prince, scrutinizing his every move. Raynard, eyes hidden behind the goggles and mouth covered with the brown leather cloth, remained silent. Even though Arabella could not meet his gaze or see his mouth, she was certain he was smirking.

"Crown Prince Raynard," the Withered Flower spoke again, trying to disguise the tremors in her voice. "You stand here accused of the murder of His Majesty, Samuel Alistair Forge..."

"May he rest in peace," the crowd proclaimed in unison and the Queen sighed in desperation as she spoke over their voices.

"...covering and tempering with the investigation in complicity with several others. Were you or were you not responsible for his death?"



Silence. Raynard, still speechless, remained stoic, unmovable. The Queen began to lose her patience.

"Crown Prince Raynard. You stand here accused of extortion. Were you or were you not responsible for the corruption of several members of court, including your two brothers, Prince Hugo and Prince Edison...?"

"May he rest in peace," the crowd sang again and the Queen pressed the throne's arms with such strength, Arabella thought she saw blood coming out of the woman's hands.

"How do you answer to these charges?" The Queen's voice made it clear she would not accept any more interruptions. Raynard's attitude did not change and Arabella knew it would take more to get him to speak. The Queen seemed to think so too, because she left the throne, climbed down the stairs and stood in front of her son. "How do you answer to these charges?"

Arabella exchanged looks with Captain Batchelor, who was standing across from her, on the right side of the throne. Like her, he was prepared for the worst. His hand was placed on the gun that hung from his belt and his entire body seemed tense. In front of her, behind the Princes, Shooter Viola's eyes kept going from one side of the room to the other, her face hardening a bit more every time she found another face hidden behind goggles and mouth covers. Besides her, the Viscount eyes were fixed on Prince Hugo, who seemed to be answering his taunt with one of his own.

The room was now completely silent. No one knew what was happening. A mental duel seemed to be happening between the Crown Prince and the Queen. They both stood facing each other, bodies livid. Neither moved nor said anything. A moment to last forever. And the more time passed, the more Arabella's fear increased. Suddenly, she thought she could hear the heartbeat of all those present.

Then the moment ended and a new one began. The moment she had been waiting for.

The Crown Prince's movements were fast and flowy. He threw the Queen to the side. The woman let out a loud screech as she crashed against the floor, her crown falling off her head and rolling into the crowd behind. The sound of the doors closing made it clear they were now locked. The sight of the Crown Prince's face without the mouth cover let Arabella know this was the point of no return.

Tongue hanging and saliva dripping, the Prince didn't spit at her or at the Captain. Instead, he turned and pointed his open mouth at the horde of noblemen and women behind him.

Shooter Viola reacted faster than Arabella. She took out the silver gun and pointed it at the Prince. She fired. The lightning bolt landed directly inside Raynard's open mouth. His scream was drowned by the static, his body shaking at its rhythm. He hit the floor and all hell broke loose.

Arabella was prepared. She got rid of her big skirt, revealing the leather pants she always wore underneath. This time, however, she had brought something else. The sword that Master Nilla had made for her. Long, sharp and light, it felt like it belonged in her hands. She wielded it and before she knew it, she had jumped into the floor.

As if commanded by the sword, Arabella went straight into the group of Royders that were now surrounding the fallen Prince. Her eyes met the Viscount's. She heard herself shouting.

"Open the doors! Get the nobles out of here!"

The young man obeyed and ran towards the doors, disappearing behind the crowd that had gathered around the exit, desperate to get away from the mayhem.

Besides her, Viola was running towards the stairs. Knowing that from the upper level the Shooter would have a better vantage point, Arabella tried to clear the way for her. However, a hand grabbed her by the shoulder and pulled her back with such intensity, she almost fell to the floor.



Raynard was now standing up and bleeding profusely. Every single hole in his face was dripping the blue oil she had come to know and fear so much. As he approached her slowly, she saw the thin and shaky frame of the Queen crawling on the floor, trying to escape the heat of battle.

"Captain!" She screamed. The man, who was fighting two at once, took a moment before turning to see her. "Get the Queen out of here."

She did not have a chance to see if the Shark had obeyed her. Raynard jumped at her with all the power of a beast. They both crashed against the floor. He was on top, trying to subdue her. For a second, he did it. He opened his mouth and the ooze came out. She felt it crashing against her face, yet it did not burn her skin.

Arabella smiled at Raynard's anger. "Wrong move, fucker."

Raising her foot, she put it on his chest and pushed him away. She got up and pointed her sword at him. He hissed and launched at her again. Her sword crashed against his metal wrist bands. Sparks flied as steel crashed against iron. They were now dancing. She was leading, her attacks becoming faster and stronger. She had trained with the sword since she was five. It was now showing.

They used the space around them in their fight. They moved around the room and everyone seemed to move to let them pass. She went left, her blade biting Raynard's shoulder. The cut was superficial and he barely noticed it. She needed to go for the neck. Not even a Royder could survive without a head.

Around them, the fight was raging. The sight of a bolt of lightning hitting a would-be attacker let her know Viola had reached the upper floor. The Shooter now had eyes on everything. On her left, through the corner of her eye, she saw the Viscount leading a group of RoyalCorps against four Royders. Despite being badly bruised from his previous Royder attack, the young man was fighting boldly. It was clear, however, he wouldn't last much longer.

The Shark had disappeared from her view and so had the Queen. One less thing to worry about . Her sword made a deeper cut, this time on Raynard's leg, but her victory was short-lived. Grabbing her blade with his hands, the Prince broke it as if it was nothing more than a piece of wood. His fist on her stomach made her lose touch with the moment. Before she knew it, she was flying across the room. She crashed against the wall, her head receiving the impact first.

One less thing to worry about The world was spinning. Her vision was compromised. Blood was filling her mouth with the taste of iron. Shapes and figures surrounded her. Shadows. She heard screams that seemed to come from some distant place. She was not there anymore. She closed her eyes and shook her head, trying to come back to the moment. When she opened them again, the world had changed.

A ringing was growing in her ears and she did her best to ignore it. Shining in the distance, her broken weapon laid next to the group of Royders who were now standing between her and Raynard. Feeling the anger rising in her chest, she let it feed her. She stood up. She cracked her knuckles and felt her blood boiling.

Arabella ran towards them. She did not engage them directly. Instead, she slid on the floor, passing between the open legs of one. Jumping back up, she kicked the one closest to her on the knees, then again on the head. Two more came her way. She reached the knife on her belt and stabbed the first one on the neck, sliding the blade until she ran out of skin. Turning to the second one, her blade landed on the man's green eye. His scream was enough to make her realize he was no Royder. She tossed him aside and focused on Raynard again.

His fists went her way but she dodged them and went low. Her open palm crashed against his chest, throwing him back. Remembering her days of training with Master Nilla, she seized the opportunity. Her fists were the ones who attacked this time and they crashed against his sides. Right, left, right. She could feel his anger growing as his strike failed again.

She repeated the combo. She needed to wear him down before using the knife. As his attacks became angrier and more erratic, hers turned fleeting and unerring. She hit hard and fast. She went in and out with all the speed she had left in her increasingly tired body.

The Shark's voice made her turn to see him fighting against Hugo. Her brief distraction made her take a punch to the cheek. For a brief second, she thought some of her teeth might have fallen off. The thought sent a shock through her body. Focusing again, she saw Raynard charging at her. She grabbed the knife and leapfrogged over the Prince, landing behind him. She then jumped again, clinging to his back.

Raynard moved stupidly, trying to shake her off, but she nailed herself to his skin. Using her elbow, she stroke his neck repeatedly until he finally roared in pain. His legs trembled and Arabella raised her knife. In the blink of an eye, the blade went into the Prince's skin. A shade of indigo came gushing out of Raynard's neck as he swung desperately.

The knife came out from inside him, only to find its way back. Arabella stabbed him with such strength, she felt the blade coming out on the back side of his neck. The pool of blood underneath them filled the room with a putrid smell. Behind her, Hugo's enraged scream was cut short by the Shark's own dagger, which went through the Prince's skin, drowning his last howl.

Arabella let go of the Prince's body, which crashed against the pool of blue blood with a loud bang and a slight splash. Around her, the last Royders standing cried in agony at the sight of their fallen leaders. Taking a deep sigh, Arabella kneeled beside Raynard and took her knife out of his neck. Then, standing up with renewed will, she turned to the remaining Royders and pointed the blade at them.

"Time to end this."





A Late-Night Confession





It was cold inside the blimp. Yet, Timothy had never felt more at home.

His manor in Vanderport was algid and desolate too, but it was different. That was a coldness which he did not like. He resented that grandeur, the prospects and expectations that came along with such a property. For a long time, he had been resigning to the idea of his future there, with a wife and children who would carry on the Lever legacy. Now, the future might be different. He had Emmu. For the first time, the idea of living in that manor wasn't an imposition. Now, It could be a life.

Outside, the celebration had died down. Their triumph in the scorpion's nest had them in high spirits. When the Marquise sent word that both Princes and almost all Royders were dead, the celebration almost turned into a riot. The Rayguns who had survived the raid joined their celebration and proved to be rather wild.

The mood in the manor was light, lively. Even Master Nilla, who had been considerably broody since the raid, lightened up as soon as she got word that the Marquise was alive. She was one of the keenest on celebrating, going so far as to buying ten entire barrels of wine, all of which were finished during the course of a single night.

Now, on the third night of revels, they were all pretty beaten. Some of the Rayguns were passed out on the grass; The Captain had climbed to the roof for a nightcap. Timothy had made his way into the blimp to to say goodbye. He had spent a considerable amount of time working on it. In the end, it wasn't needed, thank God. Seeing as Emmu and he would be leaving soon, he wanted to say a proper farewell to the machine.

"Beautiful, isn't it?" Alder's voice echoed inside the blimp, taking Timothy by surprise.

"It really is," he answered, a smile touching the corner of his lips. "I've always loved them. Blimps, I mean. When I was a child, and my relationship with my father wasn't so damaged, we used to spend hours talking about them. We once went to Grenage, to see the Flying Fair. I must've been about four or five but I remember everything so vividly: The Aerostats, the Aeronefs. There was even a prototype for an Astronef! I swear to God, I was in awe of everything. It's the fondest memory I have of my father. He was happy to be there with me. He was proud."

Timothy went silent. The subject of his father was one he tried his best to avoid. Until now, he had only spoken to Emmu about him. There were a lot of things he still wasn't comfortable sharing, though. He found this sudden and rather abrupt confession to Alder a bit out of character.

"Sounds like a fun memory," the old man said as he sat next to Timothy in the front cabin. "The Flying Fair is an annual event, is it not? Have you gone back?"

Timothy shook his head. "As a matter of fact, I have been actively avoiding it for the past twenty-one gears. Lately, I have been entertaining the idea of going back, with Emmu this time. I'd like to see it again."

"Why don't you?"

"I will. After." He stopped talking.

Neither Emmu nor him had told anyone about the trip they'd be taking in a few days' time. They didn't know how long they'd be gone, but they knew they might not return. After all, they were going a thousand gears into the past. Emmu's body might not be able to withstand it. And without him, Timothy would be stuck in that portal, forever floating somewhere beyond time.

It was a suicide mission, they both knew it.

"After what?" Alder asked again.

Timothy adopted a vaguer tone. "I don't like making plans too into the future. You never know."

"I think Eldon and you are the real deal." The man shrugged, putting his feet on the dashboard, making Timothy's inside cringe. "Life has a way of knowing. It may not always give us what we want, but it always hands us what we need. And how fortunate are you, that what you want and need is all in the same person. One of the greatest glories of life is staring into the eyes of love and seeing it looking right back."



Timothy felt himself smiling, a pleasant warmth filling his chest. "Yes. I suppose I'm very fortunate."

Alder's enthusiasm waned, becoming a more intimate and controlled vigour. "It's easy, sometimes, to take for granted that which is exceptionally difficult to obtain, once it's within our grasp. There is so much that happens in our lives that often we let the most extraordinary things go by unnoticed. Kindness, beauty. Love. Don't do it."

Involuntary tears started filling his eyes, and Timothy felt as a child again. "I'm petrified. I don't want to lose him. I can't."

He felt Alder's hands on his shoulders. Suddenly, the man's arms were around him, hugging him in a way his father never had.

The old man whispered softly, kind words falling from his lips. "Love is not possession. Don't live in fear. Live in life. Hug him, kiss him, love him while you can. Then, even if you lose him, you'll be certain that you gave him everything. Don't hide your feelings, Timothy. What a waste if you did."

As his sobs were released from a prison which he didn't know existed within him, he buried his face in Alder's chest and allowed himself to be comforted. And he cried. For his father. For Don Osgood. For all the people that had come and gone away. And for Emmu.

And as he cried, he vowed to himself that, after that night, no more tears would be shed. The fear of losing Emmu would not taint the time they had together. Timothy would love him, for a long as he could. Whether it was a lifetime or just a moment.

He'd make that moment count.

********

******** The living room was a mess. Eldon had never seen it like that. Empty glasses were scattered around the table and the floor. Drops of wine formed a trail that led to the downstairs rooms, where no doubt one or two of the Rayguns had gone to spend some time with the Ladybirds from the local brothel. Half-eaten food lied on the nearly empty plates at the table.

A sense of true enjoyment filled the air. Yet now, this late and alone, Eldon felt as a deflated air balloon. All the excitement and bliss that he had been experiencing for the last couple of days was gone. In its place, a cold and empty sensation was now taking over him. The trip that he'd be taking with Tim in a few days' time was now a reality.

And he was terrified. He had been trying to keep on a brave face for Timmy. The truth was, he was beginning to doubt if he'd even be able to take them all the way back to 2073. A part of him was certain he wouldn't. He wasn't afraid of dying. He was afraid of killing Tim. The prospect of leaving his love stranded somewhere in that dreadful tunnel was enough to make him sick.

was He shook his head, trying to get rid of those thoughts. As he sat in the chair near the fireplace, Master Nilla joined him, sitting in front of him.

"Long night?" She asked, uncharacteristically playful.

"Long month," he replied with a smirk. "It's been weeks since we arrived here, yet it feels like gears. You know, it really does feel like we might be approaching the end of this road. To be honest, I didn't think we'd make it."

"You doubted yourself?"

An indignant Eldon replied. "Never! As a matter of fact, I'm the only thing I'm certain about."

Nilla raised her eyebrows, teasing him with her eyes. "Then you doubted the rest of us?"

"Your words, not mine." He smiled warmly and realized he had truly grown to care for her. He raised his glass and the two drank as the fire in front of them cracked. "I am glad," he said as the astringent taste grabbed his tongue, "that we all made it out alive. We're safe. For now, anyway."



"Are you still afraid of dying in this battle?" Nilla asked before taking another drink.

This time, it was Eldon who raised his brows. "Aren't you? Or have you grown past the fear of death?"

She shrugged indifferently. "Perhaps."

"Truth is, I don't think I'm afraid of dying. We are what we die for. What we love."

"And what do you love?"

Her question landed on his mind, and as he processed it, he saw a parade of faces passing by. Friends he had cared for, men he had wanted. A severe old man who had taught him everything worth knowing. And a silver-haired boy that had made him addicted to the high of being alive. A boy whose smile was the perfect reason to exist. A boy who was now a man. A man whose gentle kisses and fiery touch now made him quiver every night, when they played with each other under the blanket of darkness.

"I love Tim." The words came out simply. There wasn't much to them, other than the obvious feeling they tried to convey. "I've been in love with him since I was six."

"You've never loved anyone else?" she asked, her voice slippery and warm, full of wine.

"I've felt lust for men. I've had as many as I wanted. I might've even cared for some of them. But they say true love is just the first and all the rest are meant to make you forget. Was Alder your first love?"

She smiled, more to herself than to him, her cheeks flushing. "He's something better. He's my last."

Eldon laid back on the chair and raised his eyes to the ceiling. "You two are one of the few functional couples I've ever met. I admire you. And I will miss you." He had been looking for the right time. He was wondering if he'd even say it at all. He had never liked goodbyes. This, however, seemed like the appropriate time to do one. "We're leaving, Nilla. Tim and me. We're going somewhere pretty far away and I'm not sure if we'll return."

"I know." Her reply, so nonchalant, took him by surprise. He couldn't help but feel slightly offended at her apparent lack of interest.

"You know?"

She got up and refilled her glass of wine, staggering as she made her way back to the chair.

"Time is a tricky thing, Master Eldon. For someone like you, even more so. Your past has become your present more than once. All those ripples, they leave traces. You should know by now, that nothing you do in your past is ever ignored."

"You're aware of my trips. How?" He stopped talking and answered his own question. "Osgood told you, didn't he? That gossipy old crow. So you've known about my...abilities all this time?"

"Yes." Her indifference was really annoying. "Why did you think Arabella and I sent you to the confinement of the library? Did you really believe we had books that would teach you what you needed to know about this parasite? If such books existed, Master Eldon, they sure as hell wouldn't be locked in our library. We sent you there because we needed you to be alone as much as possible so that you could discover and experiment with your abilities. We knew it was bound to happen sooner or later, all we had to do was wait."

books "How were you so sure that it would happen?" Eldon asked, resting his elbows on his knees as he leaned in closer to Nilla.

"Because it already had." She smirked at his confusion, then imitated his movements. "You are a very special individual, Master Eldon. Perhaps the most special that has ever existed. You have a gift, one that many have dreamt of. But even you can't change the course of time. What happened before was always meant to happen. You were always meant to go back, just like you were always meant to return. I had no reason to doubt."

Eldon's eyes travelled to the fireplace, where the flames danced at their own rhythm. He pondered Master Nilla's words in silence and finally understood the meaning behind Don Osgood's most important lesson.

Moments waiting to happen, indeed.

Moments waiting to happen, indeed. "Do you think I'll return this time?" He wasn't sure he wanted to know the answer to that question, yet he asked nonetheless.

"I can't be sure." She wasn't lying. He could see it in her eyes. "Master Eldon, I don't know why you of all people, were given this power. I can only trust that it was because of some strength, some wisdom that's only yours. Don't ask me if that's the truth. I don't know. But it's what I chose to believe. Arabella and Timothy have only glimpses of the energy that fills you, Eldon. They can help and they will. But it is you who has to carry the weight of this gift. Don Osgood believed that you could. Alder does too. So does Arabella and Timothy. So do I. Do you?"

Eldon's heart shrunk at the thought. Did he? Was he truly strong enough? Or was he merely a puppet used for a purpose he could not yet understand? Was this the moment where he chose?

No. That moment had happened long ago. It was in the bench outside the Museum, that afternoon when he promised Tim he would go on this journey with him. This was a long and winding road, one where the finish line kept moving further away every time he approached it. But he couldn't let go. What kind of hero would that make him?

Was he a hero? Yes. He sure as fuck was.

Eldon turned to Nilla and found her face lit with a confusing gleam. If he didn't know better, he'd say it was the same one with which Don Osgood looked at him during his most tender times. The glow of pride.

"You have a real way with words, you know?" He said, raising his glass again. "And I really will miss you."

"You know what, Master Eldon? I'll miss you too."





A Broken Kingdom





Estella Rose Lovegrove stood in front of the black, wooden caskets.

Holding her breath, she tried coming closer to them. She couldn't. She then tried reaching out. Her hand slowly raised, on its way to meet the cold wood, yet it stopped mid-air, as if something held her back. Some mysterious force, some strange energy.

A pressure on her chest made it hard to breathe, and the lack of sleep made her body shake under the weight of fatigue. Even so, her eyes were dry. She had tried crying, but no tears came to her bloodshot eyes. Not when she received the dreadful news. Not when she went into the destroyed throne room, a no man's land inside the castle. Not even when she saw the inert bodies of her sons, hollow shells of what once was, blood-stained and bearing the merciless wounds that took their lives away.

She knew those weren't her sons. It only took one look at their corpses to see it. Enlarged purple tongues that barely fit in their mouths; black, empty eyes that reflected the greatest sense of emptiness; engorged, blue veins that seemed to move even though there was no life left on them. She could have gagged. She wanted to. Her decorum prevented it.

As her eyes traced her sons' figures, she was forced to face the cruel and shameful truth. She felt no sadness at their deaths. She felt no happiness, either. No relief, no anger, no disbelief. Nothing at all. She was numb. Hard as she tried, she couldn't muster even the simplest of emotions. It was as if she was as empty as her sons.

The thought should depress her. It should make her rethink her decisions, her life choices. It should make her want to change. It didn't. Alone in this room, standing in front of her dead children, Estella had to admit she had officially given up. She had withered at last.

should should should Perhaps, you have always been withered , a voice in her head said.

Perhaps, you have always been withered She shivered at the thought.

The sound of steps made her come out of her own thoughts. She didn't turn to see who it was; she really didn't care. She had been receiving visitors all day long, some to offer their condolences and others to inform her of the matters that still remained unfinished within the kingdom. She wasn't particularly interested in either at the moment, but she was still Queen. And a crown was a crown.

The voice that she heard was not the one she was expecting.

"Your Grace," Lady Livilla spoke in a shy, hushed whisper. "My heart is breaking. Is there anything you need? Can I do anything for you?"

Estella heard the words coming out of her mouth, but she didn't put any effort behind them. "Thank you. I can't really think of anything."

The woman approached her, like a deer fearful of the lion. "I... I don't really know what else to say, Your Grace."

Estella felt the poison rising through her body, making its way to her mouth. Yet, when it finally arrived, she had no use for it. There was no desire to hurt. As she turned around to see the woman's round face, her lips twisted into something akin to a smile when she saw Livilla's big eyes go wide with fright.

"Then don't say anything else, my dear Lady."

Her words, kinder that Livilla had expected, made the Lady release the sigh she had been holding in. Then, rather suddenly, the woman hugged her. Estella remained there, body rigid and eyes lost somewhere in the distance, the flowery smell of Livilla's perfume itching in her nose. Before she knew it, she was hugging the Lady. Even more surprising was the fact she was enjoying the comfort this simple act of kindness was providing her.

Look at you , the voice whispered. Have you gone soft?

Look at you Have you gone soft? Estella chose to ignore it.



********



********

"Your Grace? Your Grace?"

Estella turned to face the Minister. "I'm sorry? I must've dozed off. What's this about?"

The lights had dimmed in her Council Room. She had been there for the majority of the day, trying to make order out of the chaos that reigned over Makina.

In front of her, the Minister, an old, fragile-looking man, sat behind a tall stack of old, mistreated papers. Only two Actuators were present: Jonah Elton Graumon, who oversaw Makina's Foreign Affairs, and Emilia Ella Pimbleton, head of Arts and Culture.

The rest of the Actuators had perished during the throne room battle. Per the accounts of those who participated in the fight, four of them had tried attacking the crowd of noblemen and women who had gathered to bear witness to Raynard's trial. The Actuators, like the Princes, were said to have spat a blue, oil-like substance from their mouths, which caused severe burn wounds in at least thirty nobles, seventeen of which died within the hour; five died the following day, six remained in critical condition and only two had managed to recuperate.

Buford, still In shock, sat next to the Actuator of Arts, trying his best to process the large amount of information that was being said. His attitude wasn't surprising. He had always been the least intelligent of her four children.

What was unexpected was Lady Livilla's reaction to this whole situation. Abruptly finding herself in line to become Makina's new Queen, Livilla had grabbed the bull by the horns. She got involved as soon as the Minister began discussing the official succession matters, actively questioning and even challenging her future obligations.

Now, even after hours of debate, Livilla seemed as ready as ever. The fright and anxiousness hadn't left her face, but the woman seemed to be doing her best to set them aside and she was, for the most part, succeeding at it.

"It's quite alright, Your Grace," the old man said with a soft smile. "The necessary arrangements have been made regarding the fallen soldiers from the recent battle."

"What arrangements are those?" Lady Livilla straightened in her chair, looking alive.

"Well, Makinian tradition states that any soldier who might fall during battle shall be honoured by the Royal and SteelCorps in the Steel Dome. A life pension shall also be given to their families, under the condition that they never leave Makinian soil."

Estella heard herself asking. "This, of course, doesn't include those soldiers who supported my sons in their coup against the Crown, correct?"

The Minister nodded at once. "Indeed. Those men have been denounced by the RoyalCorps, their bodies burnt in the mass grave per the orders of Captain Batchelor."

"Good." Estella breathed a sigh of relief.

"And our army? How many losses have we sustained?" Livilla asked in hesitation.

"A great deal, Your Royal Highness." The Minister looked in the stack of papers for a few seconds, before taking out a large parchment, wrinkled from one too many uses. "Sixty-eight are deceased: Forty-seven perished during the throne room battle; of those, twenty-eight were working alongside the Princes. The eleven remaining died the following day, all presenting burn wounds far beyond what any of our Physicians had ever witnessed."

"That means thirty-two RoyalCorps remain in the city and are in optimal fighting condition," Estella concluded and the Minister nodded solemnly. "How many are there spread around Makina?"

"Five hundred spread around the Kingdom, Your Grace."

"Establish guard rotations. Assign a group of at least ten guards to protect my son and the Lady Livilla. Do the same for Princess Electa and the Viscount."



"What about the Marquise?" Livilla asked, making Estella laugh.

"If that woman has proven something, my dear Lady, is that she requires absolutely no help from any of us. She's perfectly capable of defending herself against anything. Besides, Shooter Viola is still in her service. Those two will have no problem."

"I hope you know that bitch will not get away so easily," Buford spoke for the first time in hours. "She knew something about my brothers'...illness, and she chose to keep it to herself. She lied to the Crown. She's just as guilty as them."

Estella rolled her eyes at her son's stupidity. "Did she try to kill me and the entirety of Makina's court? Did she plot against our family? Did she kill your father?"

"My brothers were sick!" Buford's fist crashed against the table, startling everyone. He stood up, his menacing frame casting a large shadow. "They weren't in their right mind. Something messed with them and that woman knows exactly what. She'll stand trial."

"On what basis?" The Actuator of Foreign Affairs asked, incredulity and curiosity fighting to win control over him.

Buford looked at him as if the answer was obvious. "Treason, of course! She actively chose to withhold vital information that could've prevented the bloodshed from three nights ago! She needs to come clean about everything she knows and I will not rest until she has." His eyes travelled the room, stopping on each and every face, as if he was expecting something from them. "She killed the Crown Prince! She killed eleven of the guards! She killed the Actuator of Power! Is no one asking how the fuck she did it? She's a fucking Marquise! She's not supposed to know how to fight!"

The room stayed silent. Estella admitted that Buford, for the first time, was making sense. Indeed, everyone who was present in that room was asking how in God's name was Arabella Phoebe Sparks capable of such carnage. Estella herself had been questioning the Marquise's true intentions ever since the young woman stepped foot on Ivoryport.

The boy does make a good point , the voice in her head whispered. The Marquise is a problem that should be dealt with.

The boy does make a good point The Marquise is a problem that should be dealt with. Estella shook her head, trying to ignore the annoying little whisper. "You may be right. The Marquise's behaviours are odd and suspicious. I agree she needs to explain herself. I do not agree, however, with charging her with treason. There are no reasons to do so."

Buford almost spat in anger. "No reasons? She killed your children!"

"My children killed their father," Estella replied through pursed lips. "And they would've killed me."

Buford violently shook his head. "The bitch will stand trial. She committed regicide."

"Dear," Livilla spoke in a soft, understanding tone as she gently tried putting her hand on her husband's back, "I understand you're grief-stricken about the loss of your brothers. But blaming the Marquise is not the answer..."

"Shut up, Livilla!" He slapped her hand away, hurting her. Stepping away from the table, he rubbed his tired, brown eyes with his hands. He was beginning to look positively demented. "God al-fucking-mighty! What kind of fucking spell has she cast on you? We clearly said, we told her the Princes were to be imprisoned . And she killed them! She fucking killed them! WHY IS EVERYONE ACTING AS IF THIS WAS NORMAL?"

imprisoned "Because it isn't!" This time, Estella too hit the table with considerable strength, surprising everyone, even herself. She sighed, trying to regain her composure, before addressing her son. "Buford, have you seen your brothers' bodies? Have you seen their tongues, their veins, their fucking eyes? Did you see them spitting that blue shit out of their mouths? Did you see them ripping the head of one of the guards with their own bloody hands?" She felt her voice cracking. " That was not normal, they were not normal! Whatever the Marquise did, it's clear she was right. There couldn't possibly be a cure for whatever Raynard and Edison and Hugo had. They, along with their followers, were savage. They behaved like beasts and they left a trail of carnage behind to prove it. There was no other way. "

That they

Buford shot her a look of contempt that she was able to sustain for a few seconds. Then, he spoke in a low, menacing voice. "You will do as I command. I am the King."

She smiled involuntarily. "Not yet."

Estella didn't need to raise her voice to make her point. To the eyes of everyone, she was still Queen Regent, at least until Buford's coronation. The absence of sound made her almost capable of hearing the accelerated heartbeats of those around her.

Her eyes defied her son's and they both sunk in a stand-off. She didn't know why she was challenging her son this way, and for the Marquise of all people. This wasn't like her. Judging by the looks that were set on her, everyone thought the same.

She deserves to pay for her crimes , the voice in her head muttered. Why are you doing this? Listen to him. Why did your children had to die while she gets to live?

She deserves to pay for her crimes Why are you doing this? Listen to him. Why did your children had to die while she gets to live? "No more shall be discussed about this particular matter," she said, standing up abruptly, prompting everyone else to mimic her.

"For now," Buford mumbled. She chose to ignore him.

"Captain Batchelor believes that many of my son's followers still remain hidden all around Makina. He believes retaliation will be imminent. Civil War might be upon us. This battle is everything but over."

Her words fell on the room like a rockslide. Makina hadn't seen a war in four hundred gears. Now, overnight, they had one on their doorstep.

"I think," she said as she walked away from the table and towards the door, "it's been enough for tonight. We shall continue in the morning. God knows we need some rest."

********

******** Estella faced her reflection. She had changed so much in these past few days. She looked at her hands. They were pale, feeble and shaky. Her frail figure, more delicate and minimal than ever, was beginning to look alarming. On the good side, there was no one left at Leverfort to judge her. No more gossip was exchanged in the halls, in between meals, behind cold smiles.

All nobles had fled away from the palace as soon as the battle was over. Like souls chased by the devil himself, all those men and women that had sworn allegiance to her had no qualms about leaving her behind. She understood perfectly. If she could, she too would run away from this place, leaving everything and everyone behind.

The cold breeze that came through the window made her turn her attention towards the window. Looking out, she saw none of the night life that usually characterized the capital. There were no taverns opened, no street shows happening. There were no lights twinkling on the streets, no shops selling overpriced memorabilia. No tourists out on late night strolls, no nobles cruising the wide streets aboard their carts. Even the cogs on the floor seemed old and rusty, as if time itself had stopped.

Ivoryport was dead, as much as it's King and Princes. As much as her.

The sound of the door opening brought her out of her thoughts. She turned to find the girl, holding a tray filled with fruit and pastries.

"All that for me?" Estella asked, forcing a smile on her face.

"I could help you. There's plenty for both." The girl mimicked her as she left the tray on the table near the door.

Over the past few days, the girl had grown more comfortable. She now spoke more freely and even had the will to make a joke every now and then. Since the throne room battle, Estella noticed another change in the girl's behaviour. With the threat of Raynard and his brothers gone, a giant weight had been lifted from the girl's shoulders. She now seemed calmer, freer. Happy, even.

The two sat in front of each other. Estella could tell the food was delicious; it certainly smelled that way. Yet her appetite was all but gone. She hadn't eaten anything for the past two days. Her body was certainly resenting the lack of food, but she couldn't bring herself to eat. In fact, the mere thought of chewing one of those pastries was enough to make her nauseated.

"I've been thinking," Estella said as she forced herself to eat one of the little cakes, "that after Buford's coronation, I shall have to rethink my way of life."

"How so?" The girl asked, filling her plate with grapes.

"Well, being Queen Mother is substantially different than being Queen. I'll have fewer responsibilities. More time to myself. I'll be needing more help to keep myself occupied."

The girl's face lit up. "It'll be nice to have some company."

"Since I'll have such a large crowd at my disposal, I think I'll be able to get by without you."

The girl stopped eating. Her face flushed and her eyes went wide with fear. She looked at Estella, who remained calm as she ate tiny bites of the disgustingly sweet cake. A long while went by, where nothing else was said. Estella had tried to speak with as much tact as she could, but she knew the girl would immediately fear for her life.

"Your Grace?" The girl finally asked, her voice soaked in doubt and dread.

Estella simpered. "Come on girl, don't make me say it out loud. You weren't meant to become my sole companion. You were always meant to be a distraction, a toy to play with. Now the game is over. You are free to go live your life as you please. My husband is no longer a threat to you. And neither am I."

Estella's attention went back to the cake, as the girl quietly took the news is. For a while, a long one, the night breeze and the fire cracking were the only two sounds that filled the room. When the girl finally opened her mouth again, her words took Estella by surprise.

"Thank you, Your Grace." She spoke with such gratitude that Estella was taken aback. Even after everything they had gone through, after all the torture and mistreatment, the girl had it in her to thank her and actually mean it.

"Yes, well, it's the only logical thing." Estella cleared her throat and feigned a smile she had no desire to sustain any longer than she had to. "Where will you go?"

The girl hesitated, playing with the grapes on her plate. "Where would you go?"

"Me?" Estella raised her eyebrows, confounded, "I don't know. I have never given it much thought."

She was lying, She knew exactly where she'd go had she been given the chance to decide her own fate. She wondered if she'd actually be capable of sharing it with the girl.

"Chroneast," she heard herself saying. "There's this small town in the province of Shizong. It lies next to a waterfall. Up in the mountains, surrounded by trees and earth. My father talked about it once. The sound of the water running in the distance. The sight of the canopy of trees in the hot spring days. The gentle melody of the summer breeze. The windmills in the distance. He said it was the most peaceful place he had ever been in. I can't think of anything better than a peaceful place."

Her eyes met the girl's and she discovered they were both crying. She felt foolish, weeping over a memory. Suddenly, she felt embarrassed. She hadn't shed a single tear for her children, but she cried over this? Nonsense. She rapidly wiped her face, trying to get rid of all trace of sadness.

"Anyway, someone young like yourself would probably want to go somewhere livelier."

The sudden warmth of the girl's hand startled her. She tried pulling back, but something didn't let her. Meeting the girl's eyes again, Estella felt a pleasant feeling in her chest. She felt at ease with the moment.

"Peace sounds great," the girl muttered.

What a strange little girl. It'll be a shame to see her go away.

What a strange little girl. It'll be a shame to see her go away. For the first time in days, Estella agree with the voice.





A Hole in Your Old Brown Overcoat





The cart pulled over at the entrance of a forest. Behind them, a frozen river laid still, separating the trees from the vast nothingness that spread on the other side. They had been driving for about six hours and, judging by the change in scenery, he guessed they were about halfway between Silverport and Frostwheel.

Eldon stepped out and was immediately hit by the chilly and unforgiving northern wind. He didn't mind. Gears of living in Slatehallow had made him rather fond of the cold. Tim, however, was used to the pleasant warmth of coastal Vanderport. Shivering from head to toe, he tried to act tough, but his chattering teeth made it clear he was failing.

Eldon giggled as he put his arms around Tim. "Cold?"

"What gave me away?" Tim replied, a shade of sweet annoyance in his voice.

"Come on, Timothy, my boy, this is an adventure!" Alder's voice came from behind the cart. His plump frame, covered in layers of wool, made him look like an overgrown sheep.

Tim drew a forced smile. "I'm all for adventure, but this goes beyond comfort."

His cheeks had turned red and his bright eyes seemed to be bluer than ever through the mist. Looking at the man in front of him, Eldon realized just how lucky he was to have Tim by his side. The warmth that had settled in his chest was enough to make him forget about the cold, and he had to stop himself from melting over Tim right then and there.

Oblivious of the fact that Eldon was falling in love with him all over again, Time kept on talking. "Couldn't you and Don Osgood find a less wild place to live?"

Master Nilla rolled her eyes. "This is where you were supposed to arrive. We had no choice but to stay in here. Believe me, Don Timothy, had we been given the opportunity, Osgood and I would've chosen a warmer place to wait for you."

"Nilla, dear, you have to understand." Eldon, still hugging Tim, swayed from side to side. "My Timmy isn't used to such hardship. He was born with a silver spoon up his ass."

Tim grunted. "And you weren't? You're rich too, you know?"

"Yes, but there's my kind of rich, and your kind of rich. And let's face it, baby boy: Your kind of money makes me look like a leper."

my your Mocking the offended expression on his lover's face, Eldon stood on his tiptoes, trying to reach Tim's lips. He finally found them, and their kiss send a wave of sparks throughout his body. Every time they kissed, Eldon felt as if it was the first time. He had yet to find a feeling superior to this one.

Master Nilla's voice made them come out of their intimate moment. "Let's go, let's go. We're losing daylight here!"

"Come on, don't frown," Eldon said as their lips separated. "I'll tell you something. When we're back, I'll do anything you want. Seriously, I'm talking dirty stuff."

Tim smirked. "How much dirtier can it get?"

Eldon bit his lip as his hands surrounded Tim's neck. "Oh boy. You're in for a ride."

********

******** Half an hour later, the four had make their way into the forest. With each step they took, the trees became taller and more imposing. The canopy above them allowed only the faintest glimmers of sunlight to come in, allowing the fog to spread and take control.

If it weren't for the numerous animals that ran past them, or fluttered above them, Eldon could've sworn that this forest was some place frozen in time, that existed outside of the normal world.

Master Nilla suddenly stopped, her eyes fixated on something straight ahead. The three men behind her did the same, and their eyes took a second before seeing what she saw. A small cabin stood in the middle of a clearing. Nilla took a few seconds before walking towards the small home, her eyes glassy with the memories of yesterday.



She opened the fragile door, which cracked under the weight of gears of neglect. Nature had reclaimed the decaying wood: Vines covered the walls and the ceiling; moist grass now covered the stony floor; a tree had grown on the space that had once been a kitchen, its long, twisted branches sticking out of the broken windows.

"I never thought I'd come back here," Nilla said as her glove-covered fingers graced the dusty surfaces. "This was my home for so long. I came here when I was ten. Osgood was much older than me. He must've been thirty. He was already settled in, he had made a home out of this place. He was a surrogate father for me. He practically raised me."

She was now facing a small room adjacent to the kitchen. It was dark and nature-covered, but Eldon had no trouble imagining as it had once been. He thought he could see a bed, a desk, a pink couch perhaps, and a collection of dolls that had made the childhood of a young girl that much easier.

"It must've been hard," Eldon said, trying to sound as understanding as possible.

Nilla, however, surprised him with her words. "On the contrary, it was quite nice. We used to sit next to the fireplace every night. Osgood would read all the classics to me: Juniper's Travels, Gaia and the Mountain, Wrongs and Forfeitures . He even had some books from before the Millennium: Pride and Prejudice, Jane Eyre, Anna Karenina, Wuthering Heights. "

Juniper's Travels, Gaia and the Mountain, Wrongs and Forfeitures Pride and Prejudice, Jane Eyre, Anna Karenina, Wuthering Heights. "He used to read those to us, too," Timmy said, kneeling next to the dilapidated chimney.

Nilla smiled, her voice the perfect embodiment of bittersweetness. "Of course he did. He loved to read. But he needed an audience. He was an actor at heart."

Indeed, Eldon remembered the nights when Don Osgood would perform for them. The old man would do voices and make sounds to aid his readings; sometimes, he would even wear costumes. The thought pierced Eldon's heart. He had never stopped to think about Don Osgood's hopes or dreams. He had sacrificed so much for Eldon and Tim; he had pretty much given up on his life.

An image then came to Eldon's mind: Don Osgood on the stage, acting before a large audience that included Tim and him, and Master Nilla and Alder, perhaps even the Marquise. And the old man was smiling, he was at peace. He was complete.

Eldon felt a tear streaming down his face. His eyes met Nilla's, who had also begun to rain, and they both nodded silently, their own shy and momentary way of honouring the fallen man who was a father to them both.

"This house was a strategic location," Nilla said, wiping the tears away and recovering her solemn tone. "The indications that were left behind for us were clear: The three travellers would be moving across time, but not space. That meant they would be arriving in the exact same place from which they left."

"How did you know it would be here?" Tim asked from one of the rooms on the other side of the small cabin.

This time, it was Alder who answered. "Coordinates were left for Nilla and Osgood's ancestors. Once the Millennium was over, all they need to do was find them. And it led them here." The round man beamed as he spread his arms.

Eldon nodded.

"If you go back from this exact place, and you focus on staying here, you should arrive to this very spot once you get to 2079." Nilla made her way towards the tree that grew in the middle of the kitchen and leaned against it. "Master Eldon, Don Timothy, you need to be extremely careful. The details of what came before the Millennium have always remained obscure, even to us. What we know is that, by 2079, the Final War was on its ending stages. You two will probably land in the middle of heavy fire. You're a Master in History, Eldon, I don't need to tell you what kind of weapons Gunners used to have."



Eldon smiled ironically. "As always, great job easing our minds, Nilla. Let's get moving."

To his surprise, Alder, big ball of wool that he was, walked over to Tim and hugged him with such impetus, Eldon thought he saw his love releasing some of the air on his lungs. It took Tim a few seconds to recover, but when he did, he responded to the hug, looking genuinely touched by the man's display of affection.

Eldon and Nilla exchanged confused looks.

She was first to speak. "You want a hug too?"

"Nah, I'm good." He turned just as the two men separated. "Ready, Timmy?"

He nodded. Eldon's hand reached out to his lover's and grabbed it as if his life depended on it. Considering the trip they were about to take, perhaps it did.

Closing his eyes, Eldon began focusing: He slowed his breath, stiffened his body and tried picturing his safe place. In the fortnight that had passed since their raid of the scorpion's nest, Eldon had devoted day and night to practicing his travels. He had managed to go as far back as the Millennium of Ice. The sight of that freezing, desolate and positively dead world had been a traumatizing experience, one he wasn't looking forward to repeating.

However, if seeing the world dead and frozen had been bad, the idea of seeing it dying and on fire was even worse. 2079 would be the height of the Final War, the time when Gunners would be on the edge of extinction. Struggling to remain calm as the energy inside his body began to exit through his pores, he thought of how hard it would be to try and fit in that hell of a world.

Both Timmy and he had changed from their traditional clothing, into a black shirt and white pants outfit, which Master Nilla swore would help them blend in. In reality, clothes would be the least of their problems; however, the less attention they attracted, the better. As the familiar tailwind started blowing, signalling the impending arrival of the portal, Eldon found himself squeezing Tim's hand. The silver-haired man's warmth found its way towards Eldon's chest, and for a few seconds, he felt confident, strengthened.

Just like he did when they were children, Tim's hand on his could still give him the hope, the tenacity to face even the most dangerous of challenges.

"Remember," Nilla raised her voice to overcome the roar of the wind, "you must find the cure. Everything else can and should wait."

"Take care, boys," Alder, the concerned father pleaded. "We'll be waiting here."

The portal appeared, beckoning them to step into its familiar darkness. Eldon and Tim looked at each other; they were both trying their best to stay strong for the other, only half-succeeding. With one last look at Master Nilla and Alder, both waving them goodbye, fear of never seeing them again creeping behind their smiles, Eldon said goodbye to the substitute family he had found in these last couple of days and stepped into the tunnel.

His constant trips to the past meant he had developed something akin to intimacy with this tunnel. He knew it, he recognized its sensations before they even arrived. He no longer felt strange or foreign while traveling through this darkness; instead, there was familiarity in his surroundings, even though they were never the same.

Tim, however, still resented this blackness. Floating in front of Eldon, hand in hand with him, Tim remained a visitor in here. Struggling, to control his breath, he was trying his best to stay calm in spite of everything. The encouraging smile that Eldon drew did little to ease Tim's anxiousness. Then the voices came.

Like every time before, the echoes of lives past came from everywhere. Barely audible whispers and gut-wrenching pleas filled their ears as they progressed further in the tunnel. The rain of sounds that was now upon them was indeed the hardest, most scarring part of the travels, but Eldon also knew also knew it signalled their arrival at the midpoint of this passage.



Closing his eyes again, Eldon did his best to ignore the voices, shutting them out of his own private space. Going to that corner of his mind that was beyond the now, he focused all his energies on one single thought: 2072.

He had read as much about Gunners as he could, but no book was able to give him a clear picture of how the world looked a thousand gears ago. After a futile search, Eldon gave up to the fact that he only had a number in his head and that would have to do. He felt his lips opening and he heard himself muttering the number over and over again, in an effort to make sure they wouldn't end up stranded somewhere in this vast tunnel.

The voices had now stopped and the silence once again ruled over this impossible space. He felt his insides churning and something told him they were close. He was about to open his eyes, expecting to see the rain of colours that signalled the ending stage of the journey, when he heard it.

A whisper, even the slightest and weakest, can be heard when silence is king. His eyes went wide with shock as he heard it, again, this time louder and clearer. He might've been wrong the first time, when the voice came to him as if from across a large ocean. The second time could've also been a mistake, no more than confusion on his part. But now, as the voice spoke a third time, as clear as Tim's would be if he were to say something, it was undeniable that someone was speaking. And it was saying one single word.

Eldon.

Eldon. His heart stopped as he turned everywhere, trying to find the source. But all around him, nothing but darkness spread. His body woke up instantly, as if a jolt of lightning had hit him straight in the chest. Then he heard it again, this time right next to his ear.

Eldon .

Eldon The stillness that reigned on the tunnel had given them false hopes. They had lowered their guards and they were about to pay the price. A downpour of voices came upon them, drowning them in agony and desperation. These weren't whispers, they were screams: Blood-curdling, bone-chilling, traumatizing screams that seemed to hold the very essence of pain within them. Ache gave way to rage, as roars of pure and terrifying anger filled the tunnel, shaking him to his very core.

Eldon had never felt something like this. The disarray, the confusion. A symphony of chaos that blended every single human emotion was now encasing him, reducing him to his simplest form. In front of him, Tim's face was contorted in utter pain, his eyes wider than ever, his mouth opened in a scream that was immediately lost in this sea of torment.

Eldon too felt on the verge of tears. He was certain he wouldn't be able to take this torture for much longer, when he heard it again, as clear as before. Even through all this madness, he could still make it up.

Eldon. Eldon. Eldon.

Eldon. Eldon. Eldon. He opened his mouth, but his voice didn't exist, not in the middle of such chaos. He grew desperate, turning around, trying to make himself present. But there was no one there. Just Tim. And him.

Eldon.

Eldon. The rain of colours came, showering them under the bright lights of space. The ending was near. He could feel it. But he ignored it. Instead, he kept going, dragging Tim along with him. Together, they went deeper into the tunnel.

Eldon. Eldon. Eldon. Eldon.

Eldon. Eldon. Eldon. Eldon. The voice was growing faster, more eager. He now understood it was a woman who was calling for him. There was a softness to her voice, as if his name wasn't strange to her lips.

Eldon. Eldon. Eldon. Eldon.

Eldon. Eldon. Eldon. Eldon. I'm coming , he wanted to say. Who are you? What do you want?

I'm coming Who are you? What do you want? Eldon! Eldon! Eldon! Eldon!

Eldon! Eldon! Eldon! Eldon! It was now a scream. She was desperate, she begged him to come to her. He could picture her, even though he had never seen her. Yet he knew her. She was waiting for him. She always had been.

ELDON! ELDON! ELDON! ELDON!

ELDON! ELDON! ELDON! ELDON! The colours were now on him. He was blue and red and green and yellow. He was all at once. He was everywhere. He was nowhere.

ELDON!

ELDON! He screamed. A wall of colours stood in front of him. It would crush him. They were blazing, brilliant. A multicoloured sun flashing in front of his eyes. And there he was. Blinded by the light. Revved up like a deuce. Another runner in the night.

Darkness gave way to the light and he fell on the ground, crashing against something that felt like pavement. Still holding hands, Eldon and Tim remained on the floor, shaking from head to toe but unable, or perhaps unwilling to move. Eldon was first to open his eyes. His mind was still in the tunnel, but he did his best to prepare for what was coming.

Nothing, however, could've prepared him for what he saw.

In front of him there was no danger zone. There were no dead bodies, there was no blood-splattered ground. No weapons were being fired, no cannons were lighting the skies. No war was being fought.

Instead, he saw colours. A multitude of colours. Not like the ones on the tunnel. These were shiny, loud colours that flashed from marquees and windows, and from the shirts and pants and shoes that paraded in the wide and busy street.

"Tim," he said, shaking his love's hand. "Timmy!"

Beside him, his lover had dared to open his eyes, and now he too was marvelling at the sight in front of him. And it was a sight . People smiling, laughing, drinking, strutting. They were full of spirit and full of joy. The night itself seemed to be so envious, it too had come alive out of sheer willpower.

was sight Shaking, Eldon stood and sought support on the wall beside him. He tried to look for words, yet he couldn't find them. Whatever this was, wherever they were, this wasn't 2079. He was certain. This couldn't be.

A cloud of confusion settled on top of him, threatening his already weak grasp on reality. As the flashing lights twinkled in front of them, lightning the alley in pinks and blues, Eldon stood in awe of his surroundings. The sound of engines gave a familiar sense of home. And then, a song. He had never heard it before. He didn't understand some of the words. But he was glad he was hearing it.





Someone found a letter you wrote me on the radio

Someone found a letter you wrote me on the radio And they told the world just how you felt

And they told the world just how you felt It must've fallen out of a hole in your old brown overcoat

It must've fallen out of a hole in your old brown overcoat But they said it really loud, they said it on the air

But they said it really loud, they said it on the air On the radio

On the radio Whoa-oh-oh-oh, on the radio

Whoa-oh-oh-oh, on the radio Whoa-oh-oh-oh, on the radio



Whoa-oh-oh-oh, on the radio



Whoa-oh-oh-oh, on the radio



Whoa-oh-oh-oh, on the radio



Whoa-oh-oh-oh



Whoa-oh-oh-oh





A Certain Song





Timothy had never seen such a large crowd of people gathered; not on Ironport, or Ivoryport or any Makinian port for that matter. He had even been to Chroneast, the largest and busiest of the continents, and it still didn't compare. Nothing did. It was overwhelming. This flood of life, this rage of being was like an explosion to his senses.

And it wasn't just the people. The street in front of them had a parade of carts like Timothy had never dared to imagine. Unlike their Makinian counterparts, these ones were brightly coloured, steam-less and considerably faster. Their engines were hidden under metallic coats, and their roars were faint yet commanding.

He had heard tales about how wild and different the world of Gunners had been. Crazy stories he had never believed: Lightning trapped in wires, gadgets powered by some mystifying form of energy, messages that travelled from small devices, as if carried by the air itself. Machines with sufficient intelligence to think and act on their own.

Old wives' tales and crazy superstitions, that's what Timothy had always thought. Yet, now, standing in the middle of this lawless display, he felt like the crazy one. The bright, flashing lights above them were entrancing, hypnotic, enticing them to venture further into this wild and possibly savage jungle.

he He asked the question he had been dying to release ever since he dared open his eyes, even though he already knew the answer. "Is this really 2079?"

Emmu didn't reply. Timothy turned to face his sapphire, who was leaning against the stony wall, eyes fixated on the floor, as if trying to escape it all. When he opened his mouth, he spoke with the same despair that now filled his round face.

"I'm sorry, Timmy. I don't know where we are, I don't know. I..." He stopped himself from speaking, the blue in his eyes beginning to disappear behind a flood of salt and pain. "I got distracted and I stopped thinking about 2079."

Timothy felt as though his entire weight had dropped to his feet. "What does that mean?"

Emmu shook, hesitation dripping from his words. "A voice. I heard a woman. And she was calling to me. She sounded desperate, as if her life depended on it."

"Are you sure you didn't just get confused? I mean, come on, Emmu, hoy could you have possibly singled out a voice in the middle of that tide of cries?"

"I know what I heard," his sapphire retorted.

"Very well, where is she? Is she a someone in this crowd?"

"Come on, don't give me shit. I swear I heard a woman calling out to me." His sapphire's eyes dropped again, looking like a guilty child, the possibility of his mistake slowly crushing him. "But I guess I could've been mistaken. Perhaps... I was."

The sight of this humbled hothead was enough to make Timothy forget about any anger he could've felt. Sighing, letting go of all recrimination, he got rid of the distance that separated them and held Emmu in his arms.

"It's okay. You don't think I'm used to your foolishness? I know if something bright flashes in front of your eyes, you drop everything and chase after it. Like a puppy."

Emmu frowned, only half-offended. "Ass."

Timothy's soft kiss made Emmu's body lighter. The stress that had been stiffening his sapphire's shape immediately left when their lips met. There was nothing quite as effective as a kiss.

"How long before we can travel again?" Timothy asked as their lips parted.

"A while. I don't know how long... a couple of hours, at least. I need to recharge." Emmu's face was covered by the shadow of guilt once again.



Timothy smiled confidently. "That's okay. We can go explore."

"Are you sure that's the best idea?" Emmu asked, hesitant. "Look at us. We're a bundle of fear and doubt. We'll stick out like a priest in a whorehouse."

"Are my ears deceiving me? Eldon Emmanuel Elmstone actually thinking before doing?"

thinking Timothy's mockery was met with a punch by Emmu, followed by another Ass . Yet, they both laughed. In spite of everything, they were together. They felt confident. Their love made them stronger. A noise in the back of the alley brought them out of their intimate moment. Their attention went to the darkness behind them. They were not alone.

Ass A defeated, pitiful-looking creature laid on the floor. Timothy couldn't distinguish a face or a form, so he couldn't tell if it was a man or a woman. The shaking body seemed to be cowering in fear. For a moment, it actually seemed to be crawling away from them, but the fragile frame, probably the result of starvation, was too weak to actually move. Soft whimpers came out of a mouth that was practically hidden behind a web of tangled, black hair. Suddenly, Timothy realized their abrupt arrival must've startled this poor, unfortunate soul.

"Come on, we need to move. We probably scared him half to death."

"Her," Emmu whispered, his eyes travelling the weeping form. "She's a woman."

A wild thought crossed Timothy's mind. "Do you think she's the one who called you?"

Emmu smiled bitterly. "Look at her. I think her calling days are long behind her."

Silently, they turned around, stepping out of the alley and into the chaos of the city that awaited them.

********

******** They had been walking for some time, careful not to stray too far away from the alley. Despite not knowing if they had truly arrived where they wanted to, but in a different time, they agreed they'd open the portal in the alley. It was their best bet.

With each new step he took, Timothy became more in awe of what he was witnessing. The intensity all around was enough to render him speechless. Indeed, neither him nor Emmu had said anything for the past several minutes. They were far too preoccupied taking up every last little detail.

They were now going down a road, following the sea of people. Beside them, a giant red cart drove past. It was longer than any Timothy had ever seen, and also taller; it actually seemed to be two carts, one on top of the other. Mouth open, completely shocked by the sight, he failed to see the figure that had appeared in front of him and crashed against it.

"Watch where you're going, fat-ass!" The small, round woman complained as she was helped up by a tall, burly man with dark skin.

"Sorry, sorry, do forgive us," Emmu quickly apologized, a flash of relief passing through his face as he ascertained they spoke the same tongue.

"Indeed," Timothy quickly said, flashing her his brightest smile. "I wasn't minding my step. Apologies, my lady."

The woman blushed slightly, lowering her defences. "Oh, that's alright. No harm, no foul."

"Right," her companion said, teeth clenched. He looked rather annoyed, for some reason.

"Pardon me, my lady," Emmu said and the woman turned to him, her cheeks still flushed. "Could you please tell me what year it is?"

The woman and her companion exchanged confused looks and Timothy worried they might've said something out of the ordinary.

"1979," she replied, frowning as she assessed them from top to bottom. "Those are some very weird clothes you got on."



Timothy's eyes lowered. The white shirt and black pants outfit he was wearing heavily clashed with the bright and playful clothing everyone else seemed to be sporting.

"Yes, well our religion commands us to wear these clothes," Emmu quickly lied.

"Mormons?" The man inquired and Emmu nodded.

"Sure."

"You folks have some pretty backwards ideas," the man said, putting his large arm around the woman's plump frame. "You lot were pretty racist up until last year."

"Not us," Emmu said, identifying the man's animosity. "We actually left...the religion. Mar-mons."

The man drew a wide smile and proceeded to put his free arm around Emmu. "Now, that's what I'm talking about, little brother. Where you from? You don't look from around here."

"You look tanned, I like your tan," the woman said in a friendlier tone.

"I'm from a...uhm place in the.... south." Struggling, Emmu turned to Timothy for help.

"I bet you're a Mexican," the woman said enthusiastically. "Reg and I just went to Mexico last year. Oh we loved it, didn't we Reg?"

"We sure did!"

"Such beautiful beaches. We want to go back as soon as we can, don't we Reg?"

"We sure do!"

The happy pair now seemed to be genuinely interested in having a conversation with them, but Timothy was beyond confused. He didn't understand what a Meggsico was but, judging by the looks on the couple's faces, it certainly had beautiful beaches.

Meggsico Emmu drew a big, bright smile. "Yes, yes, great beaches, beautiful beaches."

"So, where are you chaps heading?" Reg asked, rubbing his palms together. "We're on our way to a party. Friend of ours is leaving for the States and we're celebrating his last night here in London. Care to join us?"

The woman excitedly added. "Don't you worry, Liam, our friend, he's real nice. You'll love him. He's a Jew but he's also rather mellow with the religion thing. He loves pork chops."

Timothy and Emmu exchanged confused looks. It was true that they weren't planning on taking a detour; they had simply wanted to explore a bit of this new world. However, it was also true that they were both very curious about this vibrant moment in time. Surely they'd be able to defend themselves should anything bad came their way.

If they had won over the bird, they could certainly win over a couple of overexcited Gunners.

Smiling, Timothy turned to the couple again. "Lead the way."

********



********

An hour later, Timothy was having the time of his life.

Standing in the corner of the crowded room, Timothy and Emmu danced to music unlike any other they had ever heard. It was lively, filled with power and joy. It had a thousand different sounds, none of which they were able to identify, and the lyrics ranged from the strange to the literal incomprehensible nonsense, but they didn't care. They were enjoying themselves.

"I love this!" He screamed as he raised his arms and waved them, trying to follow the rhythm of the song.

"I know!" Emmu mimicked him, giggling uncontrollably.

They had both taken a glass of something similar to ale, albeit much weaker. Deciding it would be better to limit their contact with food and drink, they got lost in the horde of dancing bodies, leaving the happy couple behind. Now, ten songs later, sweating and surprisingly tired, they were no different than any of the other upbeat, drunk couples around them.



Emmu screamed to overcome the loud roar of the party. "These are great songs, I love them! How can we not have these songs back home? These are real songs!"

real Timothy pressed his body against his sapphire's. "I love that I get to share this with you."

"Perhaps we can keep doing it," Emmu said, pulling Timothy even closer. "After all this is over. We can come back. We can dance the life away."

Timothy smiled at his sapphire's bright, hopeful expression. Suddenly, it all became quite clear. This was more than love. This was fate. The two of them, together. It was inevitable. Standing there, under the multicoloured lights, Timothy understood that, wherever this man led, he would gladly follow.

When their lips found each other, it was a kiss full of fire and passion. It was desperate and wild, aggressive and full of meaning. It was the kiss they had always meant to have. A timeless kiss. A timeless moment. Their hands travelled each other's bodies, desperate to claim every inch of skin they found. Suddenly, their clothes were plenty.

They were now at the centre of the space. A loud roar filled the party, as the entranced crowd around them celebrated their kiss under a chant of Peace and Love. A rain of colourful paper poured down ton them, as the vigour of the party escalated to unmeasurable heights.

Peace and Love. And then, a certain song, enticing, alluring, hypnotic. The woman's voice seemed to enter their ears and settled on their insides, making them move as they never had before.





Mister, your eyes are full of hesitation

Mister, your eyes are full of hesitation Sure makes me wonder

Sure makes me wonder If you know what you're looking for

If you know what you're looking for Baby, I wanna keep my reputation

Baby, I wanna keep my reputation I'm a sensation

I'm a sensation You'll try me once, you'll beg for more

You'll try me once, you'll beg for more





The entire party began singing at the top of their lungs. Mesmerized, Timothy regretted he couldn't join them, as the energy around him reached such levels, he swore the walls started to shake.





Yes sir, I can boogie

Yes sir, I can boogie But I need a certain song

But I need a certain song I can boogie, boogie-woogie

I can boogie, boogie-woogie All night long

All night long





"What's bugy ?" Eldon asked, out of breath as he pulled Timothy's face towards his.

bugy Timothy looked around at the swaying bodies. He felt the passion, the drive, the lust that filled the room. He turned to face his love and drew a knowing, confident smile. He spoke words he didn't know he had.

"This is."

********



********

The city was a lot quieter when they went back to the alley. Despite the dizziness that had accompanied them ever since they left the party, they had no trouble finding their way back to the narrow passage.

"Are you okay?" Timothy asked Emmu as they entered the alley.

The sapphire grinned, giggling still. "I am. This was a dream."

"You're my dream. And you're finally happening."

Another gentle kiss that slowly became more intense. This detour had done wonders for them. No longer were they nervous, fearful and anxious. Now they seemed to be floating, the music still inside them, beckoning them to let go of everything and just go with the flow. And it was working. Now, Timothy felt ready for anything. No matter what awaited them in 2079, he knew they'd be able to take it.

"Ready?" He asked and Emmu nodded.

His sapphire closed his eyes and the wind came from behind. Unlike the other travels, when it had taken Emmu several minutes to create the portal, this time it appeared at once, as if it had been waiting for the chance to make itself known.

As they waited for the entrance to stabilize, a weak moan echoed on the alley. Turning back, they noticed the woman from before. She looked worse and Timothy was convinced she was on the edge of life.

He felt a strange feeling inside, as if a knot had formed in his stomach. His previous happiness and carelessness dimmed at the sight of that disgraced woman. The idea of her suffering made him shiver, and he grabbed Emmu's hand, as if looking for support. He then noticed something.

In front of her, a small notebook rested. Its black surface seemed to shine under the moonlight, as if it was made of metal rather than leather or any other traditional material. The woman raised her arms and, with noticeable effort, pushed the notebook to the front, as if offering to them.

Timothy and Emmu remained still. The wind was now blowing harder and it would soon push them to the portal. Yet there was something that was still keeping them in this vibrant time, something neither fully understood. Emmu then let go of Timothy's hand and walked over to the woman.

He knelt next to her and she briefly met his gaze, before finally letting go of the feeble grasp to life she still had. Emmu remained there for a few more seconds before finally standing up and walking back to the portal. To Timothy's surprise, he was holding on to the metallic notebook.

"You're taking this with you?" He asked as he inspected the notebook up close. It was smaller than Timothy had expected, and it would probably fit in Emmu's pockets.

"Yes. I don't know. It's hard to explain." He frowned, his eyes blinking rapidly, as if trying to look for the proper words to convey his feelings. "I guess I just don't want her to be forgotten."

Timothy smiled. He didn't understand, but he didn't really need to. Kindness shouldn't need an explanation.

Taking Emmu's hand again, they both stepped into the portal, leaving behind this world of colours and joy.

Until we meet again.

Until we meet again.





A Noble Sacrifice





If 1979 had been life itself, then 2079 was nothing short of death brought to life.

The first thing Eldon felt as they left the portal behind was dread. A merciless, unforgiving, dominating sense of dismay took over him as he walked this deserted land. Nowhere in sight were the stone and metal forests he had seen in 1979. There were no constructions, no structures that stretched as if trying to reach the skies; there were no grey rivers upon which the marvellous carts could flow.

Above all, most horrifyingly, there was no spirit in these lands. There was no activity, no vivacity, not on the trees, or the earth, or the air or the sky. There was simply no life. A no man's land through and through, this world was beyond gone. This was no hell, for not even flames dared burn on this wasteland. It was worse; it was nothing.

Quietly, Eldon and Tim walked atop the rubble. The air felt strange going into their bodies. Heavier, more noticeable. They could actually see it floating around them. Small particles of something hovering over them, remnants of a war that, by this time, had already brought about the ending of so many things.

see something Eldon had studied the Final War extensively during his Mastery, yet nothing about what he read could've prepared him for the sight that was now broadening ahead.

"I guess Gunner's weapons really were as devastating as they said," Timmy said as he knelt, his fingers going through the dry ground.

"Either that or they did a shitty job at taking care of this place," Eldon shot back, his eyes now lingering on the cloudless, green sky above them.

"God, the smell ," Tim added, wrinkling his nose as if noticing the stench for the first time.

smell Indeed, Eldon too had been shocked enough about the sight of this ruin to fully register the unmistakable smell of rotting corpses that plagued the air. He looked around, trying to find the source, but his eyes met nothing.

No piled bodies left to spoil, no mass grave for the discarded dead. Nothing surrounded them but dry earth and forgotten whispers. The bleak realization then came, and his stomach turned as he slowly realized this was just how the air smelled.

Whether it was this sudden understanding, or the fact that air that smelled and felt like this couldn't possibly be of good quality, breathing became harder for Eldon. His chest grew heavy and his head began to feel lighter, as if it was somehow being clumsily balanced by the neck. He tried taking deep, controlled breaths but that only made the situation worse.

felt "Come on," he said, panting as he pointed forward. "We better keep moving."

Tim frowned, doubtful. "And go where? You propose we just walk about aimlessly, trying to find something? Weren't we supposed to appear in the right place? Perhaps we should wait a little."

"Anything's better than just standing here. Tell me you haven't noticed the air's getting thinner."

"And walking is going to help with that? It'll only weaken us faster."

"Well, could be but we are completely exposed standing here, someone could find us."

Tim's words made Eldon's entire weight drop to his feet. "Something already has."

The silver-haired man was now pointing up, towards the green sky. So caught up in their discussion had they been, that they had failed to notice the intruder in their scene. The small machine hovering above them had made no sound either, so its presence came as a true shock. It wasn't like any machine Eldon had ever seen, though what else was new by this point.



He exchanged worried looks with Tim as they both assumed their fighting positions. However, the increasing downiness in his head and the intense throbbing in his chest made it clear that he wasn't in optimal condition to fight. In this rapidly deteriorating state, he wouldn't last long in battle, and neither would Tim. The machine lingered a bit longer before flying back and disappearing on the horizon.

"Well, that was anticlimactic," Eldon said, lowering his fists and regretting it instantly.

A small explosion threw them back, as if the air itself had decided to attack them. Falling on his back, Eldon crashed against the ground and felt the merciless impact as if it was the first time had had ever been hit. His entire body shook as his head narrowly avoided contact with the small, pointy rocks that covered the land. A loud moan escaped his mouth, energy slowly exiting his rapidly battered, useless body. All of a sudden, he felt weak.

A voice resonated, as if the green from the sky was now addressing them, and it took Eldon a few moments to realize what was happening.

"Identify yourselves, identify," the voice demanded.

They both remained on the ground, struggling to get up and face this new threat. Eldon's eyes still facing up, he found a small black dot on the vault above and hopelessly saw as it started descending upon them, growing larger and larger by the second. The wind around them turned savage, disturbed by the enormous propellers that powered the flying machine that was now very obviously on top of them.

"Identify yourselves, identify," the voice repeated in the same monotonous tone.

Facing the fight or flight dilemma and knowing that such a big machine would practically prevent the latter, Eldon and Tim opted for the former.

Standing up, they assumed their fighting positions. Just when they were about to jump and attempt their first strike, a rain of black figures dropped from the machine and into the ground. The men moved just fast enough to take Eldon and Tim by surprise, surrounding them before they could even do anything else.

This world and its defective air had not only made them slow and weak, but apparently, also stupid. Now shaking and with his legs threatening to give up on him, Eldon rolled his eyes and raised his hands.

"You wouldn't by any chance have anything to eat, would you?"

He immediately knew his question would go unanswered.

********

******** He must've passed out soon after boarding the flying machine. Eldon woke up in a room so white, it made his eyes burn.

The walls seemed like they were made of pure shiny, white glass. The lights above where pale and even the floors were pearly. Looking around, Eldon felt trapped in an alabaster cage. Rubbing his eyes, he stood up, still confused. His heart skipped a beat when he saw Tim lying on the floor, but quickly recovered when he saw his love breathed steadily.

Eldon too seemed to have gone back to normal. Wherever they were now, it was at least better than the dead outside. The air was cleaner here and he immediately felt his strength coming back to him. Kneeling beside Tim, Eldon gently shook him, but it took him a few tries before finally waking his love up.

As soon as he opened his eyes, Tim jumped in shock, confused and out of place. When his eyes met Eldon's, his startled expression changed into one of relief.

"Emmu, thank God," he said as he sat on the floor.

"How are you feeling?" Eldon asked, gently stroking his lover's back.



Tim hesitated for a few seconds. "Fine, actually. A lot better than before."

"Me too. At least whatever's going on out there is not affecting us here."

"Where exactly is here ?"

here "Excellent question."

Leaving Tim on the floor, Eldon got up and took a closer look at the room. His initial assessment had been accurate, except for one single detail: the wall in front of them didn't just look like glass, it was glass. As he faced his reflection, Eldon realized he wasn't hurt, not physically anyway.

was He walked to the glass and put his hand on it. He didn't know what he was expecting would happen, but when nothing did, he couldn't help but feel a bit disappointed.

"I think we're imprisoned, Timmy," he guessed as he tried to look outside the glass. He saw nothing but a faraway sign engraved on one of the walls. Squinting, he tried to make sense of the few letters he recognized. "Well, at least we seem to be in the right place. That sign out there says Timely Foundation ."

Timely Foundation Tim rubbed his hands together. "Okay, so where do we start?"

"Well, first we need to find a way out of this cell. Then, my guess would be the Physician's office? We were newborns when we arrived, so our best hope is to..."

Eldon stopped talking. The sound of steps in the distance made him turn around. Fists raised, he saw as two men and a woman appeared on the other side of the glass wall. The man in the middle, tall, lanky and sandy-haired, approached and looked at them with curious, inquisitive eyes. He spoke in a velvety, high-pitched voice.

"Well, doctor, there they are," he said, talking to the bespectacled man behind him.

The man's condescending tone would've rubbed Eldon the wrong way any other day. However, right now, he barely noticed it. Instead, his attention went straight to the man standing behind the sandy-haired fellow.

The man had a round, kind face, black receding hair, a wide nose and a pair of kind eyes so small, they looked like they were squinting. As soon as his gaze met Eldon's, they both froze. It was like looking in a mirror. Sure, the man had a lighter skin tone than Eldon, and his figure was heavier, probably the consequence of age. But overall, they looked strikingly similar. Almost like father and son.

"Doctor? You wanted to question them?" Eyebrows raised and foot tapping against the floor, the sandy-haired man sounded every bit as impatient as he looked.

The bespectacled man, however, remained silent. Slowly, he took two steps to the front and stood right in front of the prisoners. His tiny eyes studied Eldon's face, glimmering with what could only be described as utter fascination. A wide, somewhat bonkers smile spread across his face and Eldon couldn't help but take a slight step back.

"Doctor..."

The sandy-haired man couldn't finish his sentence. In a split second, the doctor took a gun out of his coat pocket. The bullet landed straight on the man's chest, stopping him mid-sentence. The doctor then turned to the woman, pulling the trigger before she had any opportunity to try and stop him.

Eldon and Tim raised their fists, prepared for battle. They were strong and resistant, that much was true, but not even they could survive a bullet to the chest. When the doctor turned to face them again, however, his grin was still there. Calmly, he raised his palm and placed it on the glass wall, making it disappear at once. He then stepped into the cell.

"Please, don't be afraid. I won't harm you. As if this would do you any harm."

this He dropped the pistol, making Eldon slightly flinch. He didn't try to approach them, instead choosing to remain standing in front of them. The struggle on his face was quite unnerving and Eldon wondered if this man might be crazy. The glee he had gotten out of killing the man and the woman certainly seemed to suggest so.



"Can you understand what I'm saying?" He gently asked.

"I don't know, can we?" Eldon shot back, defensively. "Do use small words, we might get lost in all the pomposity."

The man burst out laughing. Tears were now filling his eyes and tremors had taken over his frame. In all honesty, the man looked quite deranged.

"Of course you can, my boy. My boy . It worked. I can't believe... it worked."

My boy Stumbling, he walked back and dropped into the nearby chair. His eyes were now fixated on the floor, going from one way to the other, as if his mind was coming up with too many thoughts for his brain to process.

Eldon and Tim exchanged confused looks as they tried to come up with their next step. Run? The doctor's gun was on the floor; they could easily make a run for it. However, something was beckoning Eldon to stay. This man who looked so similar to him was there, and it didn't take a lot of reasoning to guess why.

This was, after all, the past.

Eldon walked towards the entrance where the glass wall had once been. "Who are you?" He cautiously asked as he kicked the gun over to Tim, who promptly picked it up.

The man sobbed gently, tears of genuine joy streaming down his pale face. "Don't you know already?"

Eldon's body trembled at those words. He had, of course, imagined what it would be like to meet his real parents. He thought of several questions he might ask them. Did you love me? Did you want me? Do you miss me?

He hated himself for wanting to ask them. No matter the answer, it would hurt. So he decided against that sappy sentimentalism. Nothing good would come out of opening that wound. Instead, he went for his trademark mix of cringe and humour.

"So, you're responsible for me getting this hideous thing?" He pointed at the wide nose on the centre of his face.

The doctor looked at him with startled eyes. His gaze went from Eldon to Tim, as if confused by his son's recriminatory tone. He then burst out laughing.

"Where are we?" Timmy demanded to know, taking a step forward, still wielding the gun.

"At the Timely Foundation headquarters, of course," the doctor said, as if the answer was obvious. "I must say, we never expected you to come back. We hoped, of course, but... well, one can never be certain about this sort of things."

Timely Foundation "Are you truly my father?" Eldon asked, wanting to get it out of the way.

"Subtle," Tim mocked from behind.

The doctor's face hardened. "We named you after my father. Your name was the only thing we had any control over. You were born into a world that had no use for you. A baby can't wield a gun, he can't kill or contribute anything of real value, not in the immediate sense at least. Your mother and I had only so many choices regarding you and your future. When we sent you away, we knew we were giving up any chance of ever knowing you. We wouldn't get to hold you or kiss you. We wouldn't see you taking your first steps or smiling your first smile. We wouldn't see the man you'd grow up to be. But at least you'd have a shot at life. You'd be able to grow, to run and jump under hopefully blue skies. We were giving you the chance to have someone else hold and kiss you. That was enough for us. Being a father is more than just giving life, Eldon, it's about sacrifice. I know I'm not a father to you and I'll probably never be. That's the sacrifice I made and I've made my peace with that. Can you?"

Eldon took the doctor's words in. He wasn't sure what kind of answer he was expecting, but this was as good as any. There was a truth in the doctor's face, an undeniable, natural truth that became more obvious with each passing moment. And that truth was, Osgood Paul Pennington had been his father. That was an absolute. Everyone else was just an adjacent. If Eldon was here now, in this god-forsaken world, was because he needed to know another truth, a much more urgent one.

"Aren't you interested in how we got here?" Timmy asked, hesitation fuelling his voice.

"I know how you got here," the man said, a bitter smile covering his features. "The same way you left. Wormholes."

"What's that?" Tim asked again, his Don showing more than ever.

The doctor hesitated for a brief second, before standing up. He headed towards the entrance, raised his hand and the glass wall appeared again.

"I'll try saying this in the simplest way possible. This" he said, taking out some sort of ink container and drawing what seemed to be a tunnel, "is a wormhole. A structure linking disparate points in the spacetime continuum. Like any tunnel, it has two ends, each at separate points in spacetime. For years, we debated the existence of wormholes. Theoretically, they're consistent with our general theory of relativity, but whether they were actually possible was something we simply couldn't prove. By the year 2051, the Timely Foundation made considerable breakthroughs on the matter. On September 27th of that year, on what would eventually be known as the Day the Earth Leapt Forward, a team of scientists, including your mother and myself, managed to successfully create the first stable wormhole, here in the very facilities of the Foundation , allowing us to entertain, for the very first time in our entire existence, the possibility of time travel. To do so, however, we needed to make...a noble sacrifice."

Timely Foundation Foundation Eldon felt his stomach churning. He could already tell he wouldn't like the end of this story.

"What did you sacrifice?"

The passion with which the man had been speaking dimmed as he opened his mouth again. The cruel shade of regret crossed his face as he spoke.

"Humanity."





A Chance to Evolve





They were now in what looked like an office of some kind. Timothy had never felt so intimidated. He was used to being around machines; he owned a factory, after all. But looking around this room made him feel small, somehow, insignificant. A sentiment he had never felt before.

There were several small window-looking devices on top of the desks; some were grey, and some others were glowing with bright colours, just like the one Don Osgood had shown to them the last time they had visited him. In front of them, a board was filled with numbers and strange drawings that Timothy couldn't even begin to understand. Piles of papers were distributed along the rectangular desks, some even laying on the floor, apparently forgotten. The white walls were a constant throughout the Foundation , the brightness of it all headache-inducing.

Foundation As the doctor entered the room, whispering to himself, Timothy considered the possibility that the man was indeed insane. Silently, he glanced at Emmu, who had the same curious yet distrustful expression as before. They both, like the doctor, were now in white coats. He had told them that, in order to blend in, they needed to look like the rest of employees. It had worked; in the almost ten minutes they had been walking amongst the sea of Foundation workers, they hadn't been stopped once.

Foundation Now, standing in this strange, clear and frankly terrifying room, Timothy heard his foot tapping against the floor. Taking a deep breath, he tried to control himself, but his anticipation was getting the best out of him. As the doctor looked between the stacks of paper, Timothy cracked his knuckles, trying to remind the doctor of their presence. When it didn't work, he opted for a more direct approach.

"What did you mean back there? When you said you sacrificed humanity? Did you mean it in the literal sense?"

The doctor grimaced. "I'm afraid so. Ambition can get you to a lot of places, my boy. Sometimes, though, the consequences are far greater than you ever dared to dream."

Timothy rolled his tongue, struggling to keep himself from attacking his father-in-law.

"Explain yourself," he demanded, taking the gun out of his coat pocket.

"Keep that away, boy, no need to get violent ." The doctor stood straight and looked at them with something akin to awe.

violent If he were back home, Timothy would've relished at the admiration. Now, however, he couldn't help but feel slightly disturbed by it.

"Then do as he said," Emmu said, using the same tone as his. "Did you provoke this war? Were you responsible for the devastation we saw outside?"

"Oh goodness me, no," the doctor rapidly denied as he walked to the other side of the room, seemingly in search of an elusive something. "Humans caused the deterioration of this world, it's been going on for years. Pollution, exploitation of natural resources, systematic extermination of flora and fauna alike, climate change. The War certainly didn't help, despite no nuclear weapons being used," he raised his eyes, as if considering his next words, before adding: "Well, not yet, anyway."

"What caused this conflict, then?" Emmu asked, his Master curiosity getting the best out of him. "Back home we don't really know much about the Final War except that it was...well, final."

"Earth's nations have been in constant competition for centuries," the doctor replied, barely concerned about Emmu's use of the word final . "A few years ago, what used to be the Space Race turned into the Spacetime Race. As it became clear that the end of the world was nigh, nations became obsessed with finding the key to time travel, thinking they could simply go back and erase all their past mistakes. Your mother and I, we were part of the European team. And we were good ."

final good

His eyes were now fixated on some distant point, sparkling with the glow of yesterday. He was no longer talking to them, but rather reminiscing out-loud. His voice became lower, softer, as if telling a child's tale rather than a serious story.

"For years, physicists had toyed with the idea of wormholes as portals to the past. The theory was clear enough: You enter in any particular point of spacetime and exit on another. Except they are tricky creatures, wormholes; they're alive. And they're hungry. They need sustenance. A stabilizer, if you will. That's where negative energy comes in."

The doctor walked over to the board and furiously erased all that was written. Then, he picked up a piece of chalk and wrote a series of numbers

"This," he said as he finished writing the board-long formula, "is our greatest triumph. You see, before us, negative energy was merely a concept, a speculative theory. But using this formula, we proved its existence within the universe. And not only that, but we created a device capable of measuring this energy, the Negaremeter. What we discovered with it shook us to our very core."

His voice was now vibrant, ecstatic, as if it held all of the life that was sorely missing from the outside. His eyes, wide and energetic, looked like they might pop out of their sockets, and his lips moved too slowly for his rapidly charging ideas, making him stutter.

"There was negative energy within our world. In this very planet." He stopped, looking at both of them as if expecting a reaction. When he didn't get one, he went on. "Don't you see? The key to the greatest achievement in the history of mankind was here , within our grasp! The Russians had it, hidden, of course, and without even realizing its true nature or just how valuable it was. Your mother and I jumped at the chance to get into the action. We volunteered as double agents and were sent deep into enemy territory. There, in the Siberian permafrost, we stayed for almost three years."

here our "We played our parts convincingly, too much perhaps. We fed the Russians with accurate, relevant information about the Spacetime race. We helped them strike several considerable blows into the heart of the western cause. More than once, we went off-script and directly defied our orders. But we needed this mission to work. We needed to gain the Russians trust. We heard rumours from back home about how we had deflected to the enemy side. We didn't let that get to us. It was nothing but white noise. The truth is, we were fighting a battle that went beyond nations and earthly interests. See, your mother and I, we understood the real power we were about to unlock. She and I were warriors for the cause, knights in the service of the great war, the only one that mattered. We fought for humanity's sovereignty in the grand galaxy order."

real This time, the doctor seemed utterly and positively detached from the moment. His voice was more of plea than a statement, as if he was trying to convince them. It was then that Timothy understood the meaning behind the doctor's expression: Guilt. Shame. Horror. All dancing with each other, torturing the already fragile mind of the man in the white coat. And both Timothy and Emmu were his audience, his judges and executors. If he could convince them, then he might make it all go away.

convince might The man came out of his trance and looked at them, fear's cold, decrepit hands slowly creeping onto him, trapping him in their embrace. He shuddered at their touch yet did nothing to seek release. He knew he deserved being trapped.

deserved He then turned around and reached for what looked like a large, rectangular grey flat screen. He placed it in front of them and pressed a button in a device he was holding. The screen came to life and, to Timothy's surprise, began reflecting images. Moving images. As if a particular moment had been captured, the figures in the screen were talking directly at the screen. Directly at them .

Moving them

The doctor looked younger, but only slightly. He had more hair and a brighter, less battered face. He smiled widely as he pointed at the woman beside him. Black-haired, kite-faced with high and pronounced cheekbones, and a pair of eyes so blue they almost looked violet, Emmu's mother beamed as she spoke words Timothy didn't understand. They both seemed to be explaining something and his attention went straight into the object she was holding.

It looked like a glass container. It was cylindrical and rather large; it also looked quite heavy. Emmu's mother seemed to have trouble holding it, but she didn't put it away. Timothy's eyes then turned to the content of the strange vessel.

It wasn't liquid, but it didn't look like a solid either. It wasn't like steam or smoke, it looked far heavier and corporeal than that. If Timothy had to relate it to something, it would be to a cloud. A black, angry-looking, lightning-filled, desperate cloud. Yet, unlike a cloud, the black shape moved as if it knew what it was doing. It wanted to break free, crashing against the glass, trying to break it.

Timothy didn't understand a lot of things, but he could recognize danger when he saw it.

"The sacrifice," he spoke, breaking the unsettling silence that had fallen upon them. "Did this negative energy had anything to do with all this chaos?"

The doctor looked offended. "Never! Don't you understand it? The energy is the key to humanity's ascension within the universal order." He pointed at the screen, where his past self and his wife were now moving across an office that looked eerily similar to this one. "Humans are basic right now, petty, spiteful little creatures fighting to wield abstract concepts we ourselves created. Money. Influence. Control. Children's quarrels. Negative energy is the next step in our evolution. It's not just the key to wormholes and time travel, but to unlocking humanity's true, magnificent potential. We understood that. And we were willing to do anything that needed to be done in order to get our hands on it."

Money. Influence. Control. Timothy's eyes went back to the screen. Now, the doctor and his wife stood in front of an assembly of men and women in white coats. The glass container was inside a blue, tube-like machine. Emmu's mother used the words particle and accelerator , but even all of his engineering background wasn't enough to make Timothy comprehend the meaning behind her speech.

particle accelerator "We were told, of course," the doctor said, his words sharp and dangerous, his tone barely loud enough to overcome the sound that came from the screen. "We were warned of what was kept in there. In that room, where the Russians held our treasure. Negative energy isn't of this world, of course. It had to come from elsewhere. From out there ." His finger pointed to the sky, and both Timothy and Emmu followed it as it went up, and down again. "And along with it, came something else. Something the Russians found too and kept alongside our energy. The creature. The parasite."

out there Timothy's body trembled at the sound of the enemy they had yet to defeat. His chest seemed to shrink, as if all the blood in his body had travelled to his heart, to keep it from stopping. His palms, sweatier than ever, opened at once, as if they feared they would close forever unless they fought against it. He felt sweat dripping from his forehead and suddenly realized how hot this room was.

"We didn't mean to do it," the doctor whispered, eyes storming with the salty regrets of his own ambition. "We had no idea. We simply wanted what was ours." Suddenly, he stood up and walked to them. He grabbed Emmu by the arms and shook him slightly, as the sapphire, taken by surprise, struggled to keep the man at a distance. "You have to understand. Negative energy didn't just give us the power to go back in time, to travel across space. No. It gave us chance to evolve. And it was given to us. We'd be fools if we didn't use it. How could we have known our prize, our key was guarded by an invisible knight? We didn't know what we were releasing. When we took the negative energy container out of that room, we didn't know what we were bringing along with us. It left us somewhere in the snow. It spread around the Siberian camp with rapid fury. By the time we understood what we had set free upon the world, it was too late. We had no way to stop it. It was too strong. Too smart, even for us."



The man pressed the device on his hand again. The images on the screen changed and Timothy held back a scream.

Like the city they had seen in 1979, this image showed a forest of steel. The forest, however, was destroyed. Tall structures fell from the skies, crashing against the ground with obstreperous fury. Moving carts and machines collided with each other, exploding and destroying everything around them. Moving images of people screaming in horror as they ran away from figures that Timothy knew all too well.

Royders. Savage, uncontained, unstoppable Royders that ran across the streets, chasing after their soon-to-be victims. Unlike the ones he had faced before, these ones looked wilder, uncontrolled. They were more akin to beasts, barbaric and enraged, driven by instinct rather than by thought. As his eyes kept witnessing the chaos that the screen showed, he understood that over the years, Royders, like them, had grown too.

The doctor's hands were still on his son and Emmu's eyes were now watering. Realizing just how harmful his sapphire found his own father's touch, Timothy gently separated them. The doctor's eyes blinked in confusion, but he too seemed to understand his son's reasons for wanting him away. Quickly, he wiped his tears and walked back to the desks, resuming his previous task of searching for an evasive something.

"What did you do? After realizing your mistake." Timothy refused to believe this was the end of the man's tale. It simply couldn't be.

"We went straight to work. The Europeans no longer trusted us, the Americans feared us and the Russians wanted us dead. But we held all the bargaining chips."

The doctor pressed the button one more time. The images on the screen changed and now, Emmu's mother looked directly at them as she stood in front of a brown bunny.

"September seventeenth, two thousand seventy eight. Test subject number thirty two." She moved towards the bunny, holding a needle containing the dangerous black cloud. Carefully, she stuck the needle in the bunny's skin, then stepped back until she was no longer visible. The image stayed with the bunny for some time and for a few seconds, Timothy thought nothing more would happen. All of a sudden, the bunny started to cry. Its small body began contorting as his ears wiggled rapidly. Its tiny, black eyes became bulging and its paws twisted as the cries became louder and more intense.

Before he knew it, the bunny had exploded. Gushes of blood came out of its still, dead body, some even reaching the screen, tainting it red. Timothy jumped in surprise as Emmu's mother appeared back in the image, her face a mix of discomfort and anger.

"Like before, test subject number thirty two was not able to withstand the negative energy's presence in its body. Still, some progress is being made, though test subject eighteen remains the only one to have survived more than a few minutes with the energy within. Bring forward test subject number thirty three."

The doctor appeared on the image, this time carrying a piglet and Timothy turned away from the screen, not needing to see how the scene would end.

"None of them resisted the energy's influence. They all died. Some, quite gruesomely." The doctors voice did little to help Timothy's discomfort. As the piglet started squealing, the man had to raise his voice. "But we didn't stop. The Europeans simply wanted the energy to go back in time. They thought all our problems could be prevented by taking a trip down our bloody history of mistakes. But we understood that the energy was more than that. The United Nations, or what was left of it, denied us clearance to experiment on humans, based on of failures with animals. So we took matters into our own hands."

we His tiny, brown eyes travelled to Emmu and looked at him with the same unpleasant awe as before. It took Timothy a couple of brief moments before understanding. His eyes went wide with shock.



The image on the screen soon changed.

This time, Emmu's mother looked as if she had aged at least ten gears. Her face was tired, wrinkled, heavy, dark shadows under her eyes. Her prominent cheekbones looked far too bony, as if she hadn't eaten in several days. Her once bright eyes were now dim and gloomy, not a trace of the violet glow from before.

In her arms, a chubby baby relished on the closeness to his mother. His bland whimpers made her smile and she briefly looked at the screen, doubt and confusion flashing across her face. After a few seconds, she seemed to shake those thoughts away. She spoke in a firm tone.

"September twentieth, two thousand seventy nine. Day one of tests on human beings. Bring forward test subject number three hundred eighty eight."

She gently placed the baby on the steel table, removing his one-piece, provoking a soft complain from him. Then, picking up the needle, she injected it on the infant's exposed shoulder.

The child cried at the sharp contact. His sobs went on for a while, but unlike the animals before, he had no reaction to the energy. No shaking, no twisting of limbs, no cries of horror at the battle fought within. Instead, the baby stayed on the table, crying and slowly moving his tiny hands and feet at the rhythm of his laments.

Enraged, Timothy turned to Emmu. His sapphire had placed his hand on his left shoulder. Mouth opened, he looked like he couldn't bring himself to speak the dreadful words that were coming from the darkest corners of his mind.

The doctor smiled bitterly. "It was the only way. We were certain the energy was meant for complex life forms. Of course it would never work on animals. But on humans? It would. We knew it. It would. And it did."

The man walked towards them again and stood in front of Emmu, looking at him straight in the eye. The sapphire, whose eyes danced between the crying child in the screen and the man in the white coat, finally spoke words filled with contempt.

"So that was what your child was. A subject for you to practice on. A toy to play with."

The doctor didn't look hurt. Instead, he looked defensive. "You're stronger than anyone else. Faster. You're never ill. You heal fast. Pain that would kill others is but a tickle to you. You feel everything at once. You love, you hate, you care . You can see what's to happen before it does. You have the power to bend time and space at your will. You can be everywhere and anywhere. You can go to the stars and beyond. You can answer all of life's questions. My son, you are a God . And it's because of us. We made you. A God."

care God Emmu's face was contorted in pain and shock. Stiff and unmoving, he seemed unable to process what he had just heard. Knowing there was nothing he could do to ease those words for Emmu, Timothy held his sapphire's hand as tightly as he could, trying to say with that touch, everything he couldn't with words. The slight squeeze that he got as a response from Emmu was enough to let him know his sapphire was still strong.

Timothy then turned around to face the doctor again. "What about the Marquise and me? You sent three travellers forward."

"We needed back-ups, didn't we? In case our child didn't survive." The doctor's words were far colder referring to Arabella and him, but Timothy didn't really care. "You two didn't get the bulk of the energy, though. It was Eldon, our child, who received the main dosage. The two of you each received half of what he did. You're still more , no doubt, but not like our Eldon. There'll be no one like him."

more "And the cure? For the parasite." Timothy's voice came out through teeth so clenched, he heard them grind. All trace of patience or delicacy had left him. "The voice on the device that you left for your followers. It said we were meant to have the cure. We had nothing with us when we arrived into the future. Where is it?"

The doctor let out a dry and icy laugh. Walking back to the desk behind him, he took a small device, just like the one Don Osgood had shown them during their last visit. Pressing the screen, it came alive with a rain of colours, just like it had done before. This time, the voice that spoke was deep, concise and loud and he recognized it. It was Emmu's mother.





September thirtieth, two thousand and seventy nine. I am gone in search of another way to end this fight. Do not attempt to follow me. I have sent the Travelers beyond. Must take care of them. They are the cure.

September thirtieth, two thousand and seventy nine. I am gone in search of another way to end this fight. Do not attempt to follow me. I have sent the Travelers beyond. Must take care of them. They are the cure.





Silence. As the words slowly dawned upon them, a sudden spark seemed to light in Timothy's brain. It quickly travelled to his chest, injecting a jolt of life into his tired body.

The doctor swayed from side to side. "What is it that you haven't understood, stupid boy? You don't need a cure. You are the cure. No disease can harm you, no parasite can touch you, not this one nor any other. You are immune to its influence. It can never hurt you."

are "But what about everyone else?" Timothy asked, his hands shaking as his heart began racing. "What of the rest of the world? They have no energy in them. What of them? Are we meant to let the parasite take control of them? Just like that?"

The doctor rolled his eyes. "This world was doomed from the start. Humanity will make the same mistakes over and over again. It's in their nature to fuck up. Don't you see, boy? Two men and a woman. It's perfect! You three can go anywhere in this galaxy, start anew. You can bring a new dawn for our species. Imagine: Your descendants, powered by the same negative energy that rushes through your veins. Let the parasite have this decayed world. You're meant to be the future of humanity, not of this planet."

anywhere Timothy didn't have the time to assimilate those words.

A loud and powerful explosion threw him back into the desks. A rain of wires, papers and machines came crashing down on him, as he desperate and stupidly tried to shield his face from the falling debris. Beside him, he could feel Emmu's weight increasing under the pile of waste that somehow kept pouring. The realization that they were still holding hands made him stronger.

Another bang crashed on the space above them, as a new explosion turned the room's white walls into a blazing red. With the heat rapidly rising and another roar shaking the ground, Timothy realized there was nothing left for them in this place. A jolt of pure force seemed to come from somewhere deep within him and he pushed the debris away, standing up to find the room descending into a living hell.

Flames spread around the wooden desks as the ceiling began to crumble under the pressure of the blazing flares. Not planning on burning along with the machines around him, Timothy helped Emmu stand up and, without sparing another moment, ran towards the opposite end of the room, the one that still remained untouched by the flames.

Crashing against the scorching wall, and with barely any time to catch his breath, Emmu closed his eyes and summoned the heavy storm of winds that signalled the familiar portal's arrival. Behind them, the maniacal laughter of the doctor made them turn around. They immediately wished they hadn't.

Through the destroyed walls that had once supported the room, an army of Royders came marching. Bloated, large and savage-looking, these ones were more parasite than human. Their skins were entirely blue, and their heads had grown twice their normal size. Their tongues were now so large, they reached their chests, and the stench that they exuded was enough to overcome the smell of burning wood.

As the Royder's hands reached the doctor, the man let out a spine-chilling screech, before words managed to sneak in between his pain.

"You're the hope for the future, my boy," he screamed as his skin began burning under the Royder's acid spit. "You're the champion of tomorrow. The timely knight!"

That was the last they heard. Unable to look any further, Timothy and Emmu stepped into the portal, becoming enveloped in the darkness and leaving this doomed, parasitic world behind.





A Blooming Flower





Estella Rose Lovegrove sat alone in her room, eyes on the window, admiring a sea that only she could see.

She missed the sea. She hadn't seen it since her last visit to Woodport, more than ten gears ago. Ivoryport, like most cities in Makina, had port in its name, but no sea surrounded it. The nearest body of water in this cold and pearly capital, the plain and minimal lagoon known as the Phour, was frequented by several members of court, making it the worst place for her at the moment.

port Indeed, she had not been deaf to the gossip around Leverfort. Those insults, the accusations that she had tainted the Royal Family with the spawn of the Beast. Over the last few days, the voices had turned more violent, more condemnatory. The nobility of Makina, who never seemed to agree about anything, now were very much certain about something: There was no more room for the Forgers in the Lever Throne.

The idea of revolution would've been ridiculous before. Samuel may have been a lot of things, but a man of war was not one. Quite the opposite, he was a peacemaker who detested conflict and actively avoided it. From the moment he drew his last breath, the kingdom had been a pit of chaos and uncertainty and Estella was beginning to think her days as Queen were numbered.

What would that mean for her? Where would she go? She had no living relatives other than Buford, who wouldn't piss on her if she was on fire. For the first time in forever, Estella found herself alone. And she wasn't sure how she felt about that.

She had been entertaining thoughts about making it on her own. Travelling to some distant place, far away from everything and starting over. Some foreign island on Chroneast, or an uncharted piece of land in the depths of Petrol. She had always dreamt of going as far away from Makina as a girl could get. But fear had always paralysed her. Fear and unwillingness. Now, it seemed she wouldn't have a choice on the matter.

A chill in the air made her shiver. She stood up and covered herself with a blanket before going back to the chair.

Lately, she hadn't been feeling well. Her body seemed frail; it constantly quivered and hurt. Some days, she barely had the energy to get out of bed, let alone come out of her room. Her head was heavy with thoughts and ideas, and with a voice that refused to go away. The four walls that now surrounded her had become both a prison and a refuge. She was a captive of her own life.

She sighed, feeling as if not enough air was entering her lungs. A familiar pressure in her chest made her feel enclosed and she suddenly wished she could be out there, in the open, running for dear life.

But what would you do out there? The voice asked and Estella growled in response.

But what would you do out there? Ever since she had first started hearing it, Estella hadn't been able to get rid of that annoying whisper. At first, she had been able to ignore it. As the days went by, however, it grew louder, insistent, desperate. It seemed to have an opinion about everything. Sometimes, it even tried to convince her to do things, and once or twice, she had actually felt compelled to what it had to say.

She considered seeing an Alienist, but court was already filled with enough gossip and bad blood against her. The fact she might have head problems would just make her situation more dire. So she had given up to the idea that she had to get used to the pestering little whisper in her head. Sometimes, she successfully drowned it amongst the sea of roaring thoughts. Some others, like today, everything was so quiet that she couldn't help but hear it loud and clear.

Now she hated silent. She couldn't stand it. She felt engulfed by it.

Your place is here , the voice continued, undeterred. You belong here. You are the Queen.

Your place is here You belong here. You are the Queen.

"But what if I no longer want to be?" She heard herself asking out loud, and she immediately felt stupid.

Who was she expecting would reply? The voice, of course, did.

What else could you possibly be? Where else would you fit?

What else could you possibly be? Where else would you fit? "I never fitted here," she said, sorrowfully.

Ah yes, you were always in someone's else's shadow. Samuel's, his dead former wife, your own children's. You never had the time to be yourself. Can you even tell me who you are?

Ah yes, you were always in someone's else's shadow. Samuel's, his dead former wife, your own children's. You never had the time to be yourself. Can you even tell me who you are? This time, she laughed out loud. "You? There's no you . You're just a pestering voice on my head. A nuisance. An afterthought that refuses to fade away. You don't exist."

you You The voice laughed too. A warm, melodious, understanding laughter.

Don't I?

Don't I? Her heart almost stopped. Her blood froze. Her head spun.

She stood up, as if sprung from the chair. The blanket fell to the floor, but the chills that now travelled her body were not provoked by cold weather. Turning her head around, as if trying to find something within the walls of her prison, she walked aimlessly across the room.

Where are you going? The voice teased her. She shivered at the self-important and mocking tone it now used.

Where are you going? "Shut up," she said, trying to sound as authoritarian as she could,

Oh, who are you trying to fool, dear? You're scared. You're terrified. Are you dreaming all of this? Is this some nightmare from which you can promptly wake up?

Oh, who are you trying to fool, dear? You're scared. You're terrified. Are you dreaming all of this? Is this some nightmare from which you can promptly wake up? The voice laughed. It was a very real, very loud laughter, almost tangible in the heavy air that now coursed through the room. And it was horrid. She was petrified. She could have been able to deny it before, but now she no longer could. Now, the sudden, heavy, crushing realization was clear as crystal.

There was someone else in that room with her. Someone she could not see with eyes but could perceive with every other sense: She could hear it, both within and without, echoing in the walls of her mind and in the corners of this room; she could taste it in her mouth, words that seemed to come out of her, but which were refused by her lips; she could smell it in the air, putrid and penetrating, the smell of utter desperation; and she could feel it in her body, running through her blood, tingling in her fingertips, filling her.

Being her.

Being She felt out of breath. Furiously, she placed her hand in her chest, trying to rid if from whatever seemed to be crushing it. She found nothing but exposed skin and she couldn't help but stick her fingernails in it. She barely felt the pain. Collapsing on the floor, she gasped, franticly, feeling as if no air would ever go into her body again.

She wanted it out. She cried and roared, She tried throwing up, she tried forcing tears out of her eyes. She spat, she gagged. When nothing worked, she scratched herself, first her face, then her arms and legs. She didn't care about the pain or the scarring, all she wanted was to be rid of it . Whatever it was. The foreigner. The invader. The intruder seeking control over her.

it it it She would die before she surrendered herself to it .

it Her eyes went wide with horror and disgust when, out of the freshly-inflicted wounds on her arms, indigo came out instead of crimson. She saw the thick, oily blood sliding off her skin and into the floor, forming a pool of blue under her, and heard herself howling like never before. A wail of anguish that seemed to tear the very silence that was her existence.

The voice seemed to find her display very entertaining.

Why, oh why must we always try to control what won't? What are you so afraid of? I am nothing but a friend. An ally. I want you to be the very best version of yourself. I want you to be the Queen you were always meant to be. Why won't you let me help you? Why won't you let me lift you up?

Why, oh why must we always try to control what won't? What are you so afraid of? I am nothing but a friend. An ally. I want you to be the very best version of yourself. I want you to be the Queen you were always meant to be. Why won't you let me help you? Why won't you let me lift you up?

"Stop it!"

She stood up and ran towards the bed, looking under the pillow for the gun with which she slept. She loaded the pellet and held it against her temple.

"I'll do it! I swear I'll do it!"

She meant it. Her hand was shaking but she felt no hesitation. She had given so much of herself throughout her life: To her father, to Samuel, to the Crown, to this country. She had given her life, her body, her youth, her vitality. But she'd die before she also surrendered her mind. She wanted to at least keep this part of her intact. She deserved that much.

Why? The voice asked, genuine concern tainting its words. Why would you waste us like that? Who would benefit from a bullet to your head? Certainly not me. Certainly not you. If you die, who would be here to bring this country to a new dawn? Why are you willing to finish our journey before you even know our destination?

Why? Why would you waste us like that? Who would benefit from a bullet to your head? Certainly not me. Certainly not you. If you die, who would be here to bring this country to a new dawn? Why are you willing to finish our journey before you even know our destination? "Shut up. Shut up. Shut up."

She kept muttering the words, thinking, hoping that, if she repeated them enough times, they would actually work.

Why? Why won't you listen to me? I care about you, like no one ever has. I want you. Above anyone and everyone. I've looked at you from afar, listened to your words when everyone else discarded them. I've seen you suffer in silence, screaming without daring to open your mouth. I've seen you cry without shedding tears, heard the hatred dripping from your tongue, felt the pain in your presence, the loneliness that accompanies your steps. I can make all that go away. Let me be here for you.

Why? Why won't you listen to me? I about you, like no one ever has. I want Above anyone and everyone. I've looked at you from afar, listened to your words when everyone else discarded them. I've seen you suffer in silence, screaming without daring to open your mouth. I've seen you cry without shedding tears, heard the hatred dripping from your tongue, felt the pain in your presence, the loneliness that accompanies your steps. I can make all that go away. Let me be here for you. Estella felt the room spinning. She felt outside of her own existence, away, detached. She heard herself speaking.

"Who are you?"

The voice's words shook her to her very core.

Turn around and face me.

Turn around and face me. Trembling, gun still to her temple, Estella forced herself to comply with the voice's wishes. She no longer wished to be in the dark. Her eyes feared what they would find, yet when they stumbled upon the truth, they were still unprepared.

Her reflection on the mirror was distorted and unknown. The blue blood that had poured from her wounds was now dry, hiding her soft features behind shades of indigo. At first she didn't understand. Confusion took over her as she took small, hesitant steps towards the mirror. Then it hit her. The voice within. Its words clear and absolute. And she couldn't accept it. She wouldn't.

She screamed and pulled the trigger. The sound of the gun firing pierced the air as her body crashed against the ground. She felt a deep, sudden and enveloping pain taking over her head, smashing it. She smiled faintly. Hoping. Expecting darkness to claim her. She waited for her sight to blur, for her breath to stop, for her life to leave.

The sound of steps made her frown. Blinking fast in bewilderment, she understood she was still very much...present. Her heart could've stopped at the realization. But if a bullet to the head hadn't done much to take her life away, a comprehension would do even less.

"Get up, dear," a familiar voice said and her heart shrunk.

Slowly, she got up, her head banging as if she had just woken up from a long slumber. Beside her, the crushed bullet laid defeated. It was deformed, as if it had crashed against steel instead of flesh. Her hand travelled to her temple but she found nothing: No hole, no wound, not even a fucking dent.

Perfect, flawless skin result of a rigorous skin care routine that her mother had enforced on her from the time she was a child.

Alarmed, she turned to find Buford standing in front of her. His head was tilted, like a child amused by what was in front of him. Silently, he offered his hand. She accepted. He drew a knowing smile. Understanding. Loving.

Loving.

"My son," she whispered, her voice on the verge of being broken forever. "You have my son. You've always had him."

Yes. Up until now, he has been my host. Everyone had always expected great things from his older brothers. It had always been Raynard and Edison and Hugo who had shared the glory. Poor Buford always lagged behind, struggling and making his best effort, barely keeping up. That made him the perfect host. No one would suspect him. No one expected anything from him. And being my host has its benefits. You saw what I did to your sons. They became stronger, faster, more resistant. Sure, there were some, shall we say, physical repercussions to their enhancements, but it was worth it.

Yes. Up until now, he has been my host. Everyone had always expected great things from his older brothers. It had always been Raynard and Edison and Hugo who had shared the glory. Poor Buford always lagged behind, struggling and making his best effort, barely keeping up. That made him the perfect host. No one would suspect him. No one expected anything from him. And being my host has its benefits. You saw what I did to your sons. They became stronger, faster, more resistant. Sure, there were some, shall we say, physical repercussions to their enhancements, but it was worth it. Estella laughed bitterly. "And what good did your enhancements do for them? They still died. At the hands of a Marquise, no less."

The anger in the voice became apparent. Yes. But she's no ordinary Marquise, is she? She's immune to my charms. And she knows my weaknesses. We all have them, of course. And in order for my plan to work, I needed her to feel like she had won. I had to sacrifice your children, you see. It was a choice, but a worthy one. Now the Marquise is at ease. Her guard is lowered. She thinks she's won. We lost the battle in order to win the war.

Yes. But she's no ordinary Marquise, is she? She's immune to my charms. And she knows my weaknesses. We all have them, of course. And in order for my plan to work, I needed her to feel like she had won. I had to sacrifice your children, you see. It was a choice, but a worthy one. Now the Marquise is at ease. Her guard is lowered. She thinks she's won. We lost the battle in order to win the war. "We?" She asked, contempt drowning her words. "There's no we. "

we. Oh, but there is. I am now a part of you, Estella. I have been for quite some time. You can try to run away from me, but you won't. You can't. So why not embrace me? Think of what we can do together, my dear. We can turn this whole wretched kingdom and remake it in our image. Think of it. All the power you always deserved, the one you were denied, that was taken from you by stupid, weak men. I hate men. I've had enough of them. They're weak, unreliable, stupid. Good soldiers, but shit rulers. They're meant to die, not lead.

Oh, but there is. I am now a part of you, Estella. I have been for quite some time. You can try to run away from me, but you won't. You can't. So why not embrace me? Think of what we can do together, my dear. We can turn this whole wretched kingdom and remake it in image. Think of it. All the power you always deserved, the one you were denied, that was taken from you by stupid, weak men. I hate men. I've had enough of them. They're weak, unreliable, stupid. Good soldiers, but shit rulers. They're meant to die, not lead. In front of them, Buford remained still, unmoving. A small, ridiculous smile loomed out of the corners of his lips. Suddenly, he slapped himself, startling Estella. His cheek was bright red and his hand quivered, but his smile only got bigger. His plump frame remained frozen and Estella thought of him slapping himself again.

And he did. This time, harder than before. Estella would've found it amusing had she not been so troubled. A small smile escaped from her insides and she immediately felt bad. This was her son and she was enjoying his pain. She forced herself back to seriousness, but a small thought in the back of her head compelled her to see just how far she could make him go.

The voice spoke, proudly.

See? Stupid. Weak. I have no use for weak. I need drive. Ambition, Thirst. And you have all that. You can be a true leader. Why would you want to settle? Why would you choose to run away? Estella Rose Lovegrove is more than what is whispered about her. You have everything I want and need. Let me help you. Let me turn you into the Queen you've always meant to be. No longer withered. A blooming flower.

See? Stupid. Weak. I have no use for weak. I need drive. Ambition, Thirst. And you have all that. You can be a true leader. Why would you want to settle? Why would you choose to run away? Estella Rose Lovegrove is more than what is whispered about her. You have everything I want and need. Let me help you. Let me turn you into the Queen you've always meant to be. No longer withered. A blooming flower. Estella doubted. Everything in her body, or at least what little remained under her control, begged her to fight, to deny the seductive invitation from the voice. And yet, the words were enticing in her mind. They appealed to her most basic wishes, those desires she felt ashamed of having. The entitlement that had always been within her, the belief she was indeed better than any and every single man who had always refused to take her into consideration. Suddenly, that rage, that bottled resentment began boiling in her insides, asking, urging for sweet release.

"I don't want to look like...them." She didn't need to say the words. All she did was picture Raynard, his gross, distorted face coming to her mind. The voice immediately understood.

You won't need to. You'll be my host. My Queen. All that I'll enhance is your mind, not your body, just like I did with Buford. You never saw him wearing that protection in his face to conceal his features, did you? Your other sons and those that they brought to our cause, they chose to look like that. It was the only way I could fully endow them with their powers. And they took my deal. Your sons, Raynard, Edison, Hugo, even Buford, they're pawns. And pawns are meant to work. They needed those enhancements. They needed the power to fight and die. But you? You're meant to lead. To rule. All you need is your mind. Your drive. Your dominance. And me.

You won't need to. You'll be my host. My Queen. All that I'll enhance is your mind, not your body, just like I did with Buford. You never saw him wearing that protection in his face to conceal his features, did you? Your other sons and those that they brought to our cause, they chose to look like that. It was the only way I could fully endow them with their powers. And they took my deal. Your sons, Raynard, Edison, Hugo, even Buford, they're pawns. And pawns are meant to work. They needed those enhancements. They needed the power to fight and die. But you? You're meant to lead. To rule. All you need is your mind. Your drive. Your dominance. And me. Silence once again spread across the room as Estella tried to come to terms with this new reality.

She walked back to the chair, her eyes going back to the sea that only she could see. It was no longer calm, but wild, fully awake and raging. It was daring her to sail it. It thought she wouldn't do it. That she'd be too afraid to try. But she'd show it. She'd show all of them. There was still some fire inside of her.

"What do we do now?" She asked, still afraid of fully giving herself in. "You...we have no one left. The Marquise killed all your...our allies."

She killed nothing but men. Men are everywhere to be found. What we need now, urgently, is a weapon. One with which to strike a blow to the very heart of this tragic kingdom.

She killed nothing but men. Men are everywhere to be found. What we need now, urgently, is a weapon. One with which to strike a blow to the very heart of this tragic kingdom. Estella doubted before daring to ask. "What kind of weapon?"

She couldn't see it. She couldn't be certain. And yet, she knew the voice was smiling. She could feel it.

I've always been fascinated by birds.

I've always been fascinated by birds.





A Remedy to Cure All Ills





Arabella stepped out of the cart with an urgent clumsiness. It had been almost four months since she had left the comfort of Ravenport to go deep into the bowels of Leverfort, searching for a way to bring and end to Indigo's grasp on the Royal Family. When she had arrived at Ivoryport, the threat of marriage had been looming large. Her future was set and she was just going through the motions.

The timely death of Raynard, by her own hand no less, had turned her world around. It had all but guaranteed a new road for her. No longer bound by a promise, no longer a candidate to bear the crown. Her mission accomplished, she could seemingly allow herself some brief, precious moments of sweet tranquillity.

As she breathed the cold Ravenportian breeze, sneaking into her own home under the cover of the night, she wondered what the future would hold for her.

"This is a nice home," the Shark said as he helped Shooter Viola out of the cart.

Arabella saw the proud woman resenting the Shark's help but accepting it nonetheless and a shooting smile illuminated her face. Inadvertently, she had learnt to not only accept this weird and seemingly random group of individuals, but actually appreciate it. After all, without them, her fight would have been a longer, messier one.

"How kind of you," Arabella said in an almost mocking tone.

The Shark flashed her a bright smile full of teeth. She almost blushed; she was certain that he was smitten with her, something that, much to her surprise and shame, she found quite flattering. However, she also knew the Captain still did not fully trust her. Bringing him to this meeting was an olive branch, a way for her to prove to him, and the Shooter and the Viscount, that they now had her trust. Because they really did. Her experience in Leverfort had shown her this was battle that could not be won without allies.

As they entered the manor, Arabella was greeted by the familiar scent of cinnamon and vanilla. Alder must have baked the rolls that Arabella loved so much. Her heart instantly melted and her defences lowered.

She was home.

"Ara!" Alder's familiar voice made her turn her gaze towards the sitting room, where the plump and kind man awaited her with open arms. Arabella ran to him, burying her face in his soft and warm frame, just like she did when she was a child.

"Oh Ara, I can't tell you how happy I am. I've been praying every night for your safe return."

His gentle words were melodies that she had sorely missed. She had always depended on Alder for comfort and encouragement. While Master Nilla was all discipline and strength, Alder was soft and reassuring. Arabella knew she was strong and was certain of her own courage. However, she sometimes liked to be protected. It felt nice to have someone praying for her well-being.

"I have missed you too, papa."

She had taken to calling him that somewhere in her teens. She would always remember his face the first time she said those words. He had not cried. Instead, he had beamed widely. His chest had inflated and his face had relaxed. It was as if all concern had left him entirely, leaving just an honest brightness in its place.

Ever since, every time he saw her, his face went to the same place. She dreaded the day when his eyes no longer glimmered at her sight.

"Welcome back, dear."

Arabella's gaze turn to the other side of the room. Standing in between Master Eldon and Don Timothy, Master Nilla smiled at her. It was her same knowing, confident and somewhat distant smile, one Arabella had received numerous times, whenever she successfully dodged a bullet or got up back to her feet after being knocked out. However, this time, there was something else hidden in Master Nilla's features: Affection. Love.



It was not like Arabella did not know that she was loved by the woman. It was just that Master Nilla hardly ever showed it.

"Thank you, Master," she said as she walked towards her. Their hug was a long time coming and it felt earned.

The bond between them was one that did not make much sense to outsiders; to them, it was crystal clear. Words did not need to be spoken to be true and feelings did not need to be displayed to be felt.

Arabella adopted a more solemn tone. "Master Eldon. Don Timothy."

"Marquise," the Don replied.

"Not quite dead yet, I see," the Master said, only half-serious.

"Not for lack of trying," she said and they both smirked.

"I am so sorry, I seem to have lost my manners" she said, turning back to the three guests she had brought from the capital. "May I present the Viscount Nestor Lawrence Hammer, of Aronport; the Captain August Hannibal Batchelor, of the SteelCorps; and the Shooter Viola Hecuba Hawk, of the SteelCorps."

"How do you do," the Captain said, bowing. The Viscount and the Marquise imitated him.

Arabella continued with her introductions. "Viscount, Captain, Shooter, may I introduce the Master Petronilla Eugenia Massey and her husband, Alder Horatio Maycock." Her parents bowed before she went on. "Don Timothy Lemuel Lever, of Vanderport." The Don gave and even more formal nod. "And the Master Eldon Emmanuel Elmstone."

Master Eldon, of course, made a clumsier and more exaggerated bow that brought a chuckle out of both the Shooter and the Shark. Arabella even smiled at his juvenile attempts, something that surprised her.

"Don Timothy, I was saddened about the news of your failed engagement towards my dear cousin, Agatha," the Viscount said as he walked towards the sofa.

"Ah yes, it was sad indeed," Don Timothy replied in his most formal tone.

"I did not know your engagement had been finalized, Don Timothy," Arabella said, inquisitive eyes travelling to the young man.

"Yes. My situation has changed." The Don's eyes travelled to Master Eldon, whose knowing smile was enough to let her know.

"I see," she simply said, raising one eyebrow.

"It's disappointing," the Viscount went on. "The union of our families would've made much sense."

"Yes, yes, It's truly awful and we're all broken-hearted," Master Eldon said in a slightly annoyed tone.

Master Nilla mediated. "Time is of the essence, shall we speed things along?"

Alder agreed. "Marvellous, then. Viscount, Captain, Shooter, do take a seat."

They all obeyed, forming a semi-circle in the sitting room. To any outsider, they might look like a group of friends, gathering to catch up after some time apart. The truth, of course, was much darker.

"First things first," Master Nilla said as she poured the wine on the glasses in front of them. "On behalf of Alder and myself, we must thank you all for the help you gave our Arabella during these troubled weeks. We really are indebted to you."

"No need to thank us, Master. It was our pleasure. You have a lovely girl."

The Shark flashed a bright smile, and Arabella couldn't help but think he was trying to make a good impression. She rolled her eyes but said nothing more.

"Besides," Shooter Viola spoke for the first time, "the Marquise's fight is one that concerns us all. We've seen things that have shook us to our very cores. We can't just ignore that."



"That's precisely why we've gathered here tonight, my dear Shooter," Alder said, offering her the glass of wine.

"We've been fighting by ourselves for too long," Master Nilla said, before taking one generous drink from the glass. "The time has come for us to admit that a matter like this cannot and should not remain in the dark any longer."

"You're not suggesting we go public with this information, are you, Master?" The Shark raised his eyebrows in confusion.

Don Timothy answered his question. "Of course not. Mass panic is the last thing we need right now. News like these would only be detrimental to the cause."

"People are stupid when they're frightened," Master Eldon added.

The Viscount nodded. "Agreed. So what do you suggest?"

Arabella figured it was her time to speak. "Trained professionals such as yourselves," she pointed to the Shark and the Shooter, "made all the difference in the throne room battle. As such, the next logical step would be to take this matter to the SteelCorp Engine."

"This is where you enter, Captain Batchelor," Master Nilla said, pouring herself more wine. "As a senior member of the SteelCorps, would you consider appropriate, or useful even, to include the organization in this matter?"

The Shark exchanged looks with the Shooter, as they both tried to communicate without using words.

"I'm not certain, in all honesty," he finally answered, laying back on his chair. "You're not to know, and I'm not to tell, but the organization is facing some issues."

"Power disputes have caused quite the chaos, especially among the upper ranks," Shooter Viola continued. "For some time now, matters of succession have been unclear."

"As such, the priorities of the organization have tilted from actually keeping order, to deciding who will wield the Steel Sword." The Shark's voice was tired, as if he was embarrassed of the words that came out of his mouth.

"Sounds about right," an impatient Master Eldon said. "No offense, but the SteelCorps don't have the best track record when it comes to getting shit done."

"Non taken," the Shooter replied, raising her glass to Eldon's words.

"Then, is going to the SteelCorps out of the question?" Arabella asked.

"At least for now, I wouldn't advise it," the Shark answered without any hesitation. "Do you think it necessary to include them into this?"

"What we faced in Leverfort is only a taste of what we are really against," Arabella said, her voice adopting a sombre tone.

"I thought you said killing the Crown Prince would end this epidemic," the Viscount spoke, using a slightly accusatory tone.

"For now," she defended herself. "But like any epidemic, it is only a matter of time before it starts again."

"We might have a solution to that, actually."

Don Timothy's voice took her by surprise, but his words truly startled her. Turning around to face him, she tried to interpret his eyes, looking for any hint of irony.

"Explain yourself," the Viscount demanded and Don Timothy looked slightly taken aback. He was clearly not used to being bossed around.

"Well," he said, rapidly recuperating his composure, "Eldon and I have made some discoveries regarding this illness. Because it is an illness."

"And like any illness, it has a remedy, we just need to work on it."

Following Master Eldon's words, Alder stood up and headed out of the room. He quickly came back, holding two vials of what looked like blood. He handed them to the Shooter and the Viscount, who accepted them.



"These are samples from two patients who have proven themselves resistant to the parasite," Master Nilla said, her gaze locking with Arabella's. "We are in the process of collecting a third sample."

Arabella's eyes then travelled to Master Eldon and Don Timothy, who both gave her curt nods of understanding. No words were needed for her to comprehend.

"Who are these people?" the Shark questioned as he received the vial from the Shooter. Master Nilla shook her head. "For their own protection, their identities must remain a secret, at least for now. It's not that we don't trust you, Captain, but until we find more people who can resist infection, these individuals may very well be our only hope."

"So what's the plan?" The Viscount asked, turning his attention back to Master Nilla. "Take these to the Guild of Physicians in Petrol?"

"If anyone can find a cure for this, it'd be them" Alder replied, flashing a dazzling smile.

The Shark roared in celebration. "Sounds simple enough. Best not to take any chances, though. Who will carry on the deed?"

"Eldon and I will," Don Timothy answered proudly. "We shall depart within the fortnight."

"I can arrange for a small committee of SteelCorps to accompany you. Should you encounter any problem, you shall at least be well protected."

"Thank you, Captain. Your help is much appreciated." Master Eldon said, although Arabella could not tell if he was being entirely honest.

"We shall plan our next move depending on what the Guild says. I am confident that a cure, or at least some sort of remedy will be able to be produced with these samples."

Master Nilla's voice was firm and convincing. Turning her eyes towards her guests, Arabella was pleased to see all three of them seemed to be content with the plan.

"As for the situation here in Makina," Arabella said as the vials were being returned to Alder, "we can at least breathe a collective sigh of relief. For the time being, anyway. Queen Estella seems to have warmed up to us. I am still reluctant to trust her completely, but at least she will not be on our way. As for the future Queen, Livilla will be a valuable ally to our cause."

"Are you certain we can rely on her?" Master Nilla questioned.

Shooter Viola answered before she could. "Positive. Livilla shall not fail us. In any case, I shall be returning to Leverfort at once. Now that I've seen what the Marquise is capable of, I'm sure she no longer needs my services. As such, I have volunteered to be Livilla's personal bodyguard and she has agreed. I'll make sure the toxic influence of her husband won't get the best of her."

"I too shall be returning to Leverfort," Arabella said, surprising both Master Nilla and Alder. She still had not communicated her plans to remain in the capital, but her mind was already set. "Livilla has proven herself a kind and loyal friend and I want to be there for her in these first few months of her reign. While there, I can pursue any remnants of the Indigo parasite. In case any infected individual remains within the walls of Ivoryport, I can quickly, and quietly, take care of it."

The Shark was quick to add: "I shall of course remain with you, Marquise. For support. Should you need any support, I mean. It can get cold up there in the high clouds. Best have a helping hand around, I always say."

Arabella cringed inside at the man's obvious attempt at chivalry. Both the Viscount and Don Timothy did their best to keep their composure. Master Eldon and Shooter Viola, however, made no such attempt.

"How gallant and selfless on your part, Captain," Eldon said, smirking and Arabella forced herself to change the subject.

"It is settled then. Until further developments arise, I believe this is the best course of action. Master Eldon, Don Timothy, I trust you shall keep us informed of what the Guild has to say?"



Master Eldon winked at her. "You know it."

"Any and every piece of information we get shall be promptly communicated," Don Timothy said. "We shall stay in Petrol for as long as it is necessary, but we can promise we will not return until we have a definitive answer on this matter."

Master Nilla stood up. "Excellent, then. Now, before you go, Alder has baked some truly delicious cinnamon rolls, please help yourselves. Arabella, a word?"

********

******** "So, is there anything going on between you and that Captain?"

Arabella laughed out loud. "Master, my God, how can you even think that?"

"Well, it was merely a question."

Master Nilla was now collecting the blood sample from Arabella's exposed arm. They were in the bedroom Master Nilla shared with Alder; they had sought refugee in there, looking for some peace and quiet.

"He is a nice man," Arabella smiled mischievously. "And he is quite smitten with me."

"And are you at all interested?" Master Nilla asked.

"Of course not. But it is nice to be admired, selfish as that may sound."

"It is not selfish to seek one's happiness."

The needle entered Arabella's skin but she barely felt it. "So they went back?" She asked and Master Nilla simply nodded. "Did they tell you what they saw?"

"They were both quite shook," her Master replied as she took out the needle and covered the small wound with an alcohol solution. "I am guessing they did not like whatever they discovered. They told us what was relevant for the mission, but they kept the more personal details to themselves, and I didn't want to pry."

"So it is indeed us," Arabella muttered as she saw the crystal vial that now guarded her own blood. "We are the cure?"

"Apparently. My guess is you three were given the cure before being sent here; I'm sure Gunners expected the future would hold technology such as the one they had back then. Master Eldon didn't deny this theory, so it must be somewhat close to the truth."

"Your letters imply you had formed a somewhat close relationship with them," Arabella said as she began clothing herself again. "Perhaps you could get the truth out of them."

"It's not my place, Ara. Besides, Alder might have a better shot at that. He has always been the kinder one. He has struck quite the close relationship to Don Timothy: it's rather cute, actually. As for Master Eldon, I'm afraid his walls only come down for his beloved Tim."

"So that sneaky Master Eldon is the reason for Don Timothy's failed engagement?" Arabella asked. Master Nilla nodded. "Any fool could see those two were going to wind up together sooner or later. It was only a matter of time."

is "Yes. But in any case, if they want to tell us their story, they will. But it must be on their own terms. I cannot force any truth from their lips."

Arabella drew a dim smile. Alone with her Master and speaking from the heart, she considered this to be the best situation to apologize, so she did.

"I am sorry I did not tell you about my plans to remain in Leverfort."

Master Nilla laughed under her breath. "My dear, you're a woman now. And I respect that. You've proven yourself time and again. I have no reason to doubt your judgement."

Arabella bit her lip. She was suddenly hesitant. "I guess I was afraid that you would resent my choice. That you would be ashamed of my liking of the capital. You disdain everything that has to do with royalty. You consider it dated. Ridiculous. And so did I. But in these past few days, I have found myself...enjoying. I like the company of Shooter Viola and Lady Livilla. Princess Electa is also quite kind. And the Viscount is full of surprises. Even the Captain, bless his soul. Am I a stupid woman for having fallen for that which I once loathed? Am I disappointing you?"

Master Nilla's expression was now full of warmth and understanding. She approached and held Arabella's hand tightly, soft words coming out of her full lips.

"You have been so strong for so long, my girl, because you knew that's what was needed of you. Your story so far has been one of duty, commitment, sacrifice. But your task is nearly done. We're so close and it's because of you. You're building a new world, one in which you don't have to be so strong all the time. Your story can now be anything you want it to be. You're not less just because your guard is down And understand this: You can't disappoint me. How could you, when your actions always come from your heart?"

Arabella needed to hear that. She needed to know. She embraced her Master, her heart feeling full and filled with newfound lust for life.

She was prepared for this new adventure.

She was ready to live.





A Bullet to the Head





It was a beautiful day. The sun was made all of Ivoryport shine with an almost ethereal glow. Viola had never seen this city this way: It was as if she was seeing it with brand new eyes. Perhaps it was the wave of positivity that seemed to be carrying everyone else around her. Even the Marquise seemed happier these days. Or perhaps it was the change that Viola herself had felt over the last several days. A warmth which resulted from the company she now kept, and which filled her in ways she never thought possible.

Whatever the reason was, Viola now walked lighter. Her left hand, which for so many years had been glued to the gun she always carried, was now free. No longer tense, it could now do all the things it couldn't before. Granted, they weren't that many things, but she liked the fact that she now had options. Possibilities. It was an exciting new world indeed.

"Everything okay, my dear?" A kind voice brought her out of her musings.

She turned to find Livilla's round face, beaming as per usual. Viola truly cared for the woman, which was a good thing since she was now bound to stand next to her. No longer in service of the Marquise, she had pledged her gun to the Lady. God knew Livilla needed all the protection she could get, especially considering the beast she was married to.

"Everything really is, My Lady," she replied, accepting the sweet treat Livilla was offering.

"I do hate you have to address me in such a formal way again," the Lady said as she drank from her cup of tea. "We had just started to be more familiar with one another."

Viola smiled at the Lady's naiveté. "Words are mere formalities, My Lady. I trust our relationship is past the point where such details could be perceived as threatening."

"Of course you're right, darling Shooter." Livilla held Viola's hand and squeezed it tightly. "Oh my dear, I don't know what I would do without you, without any of you. Your support has meant the world to me during this entire ordeal. Trying times lay ahead of me and... well, let's just say it's nice to tread down this road with friends by my side."

Viola appreciated these stolen moments. During these past few days, she had gotten to witness a new side to Livilla, one she never expected to see. Overnight, the Lady had been thrown into the role of Queen, one she had never expected to fulfil. Indeed, almost all of the nobility had been reluctant to accept her. No one imagined the sweet, unassuming, gossipy Lady Livilla would be a good candidate to preside over this broken kingdom.

But Livilla had proven them all wrong. In spite of everything, in spite of even herself, the Lady had grown steel wings to fly in this war zone and she had soared far higher than anyone could've foreseen. Rumour around Leverfort was that this seemingly accidental Queen was turning out to be an unexpected leader.

Still, Viola could see the heavy toll the Crown was taking in Livilla. The Lady smiled a lot less often; her steps were now hesitant, as if she feared even her shadow. Her words were more calculated and her once common displays of affection were now a rare sight. Just like the Marquise and Viola and everyone else in this capital, Livilla was now wearing a mask. She was now dancing to the tune of the Crown.

She was therefore glad that Livilla could at least be herself, or rather the person she used to be, when they were together. Viola had practically become Livilla's shadow, much to the chagrin of Buford, who had made his dislike of her all too clear. Still, she didn't care. She had a duty, one that went beyond honour even. Livilla would be their most powerful ally in the fight against the parasite. Her safety was now a priority.

"My dear Shooter," Livilla continued, unaware of the carnival of thoughts that paraded in Viola's head, "I have a Council meeting this afternoon. I'm expecting it to carry on into the heart of night. You could take the afternoon off, should you so desire."



Viola shook her head. "I'm afraid that's not even a possibility, My Lady."

"But my dear Shooter, nothing will happen. It's no more than a Council meeting to elect the new Actuators. Besides, Princess Electa and the Viscount will be present. I won't be by myself should trouble arise."

Viola was about to speak again when a strong voice disrupted their conversation.

"Shooter Viola Hecuba Hawk?"

She turned to find a tall, stiff and rather imposing member of the RoyalCorps. His hands carried what looked like a letter of some sort, and he had an expression that seemed to imply his visit was not a social one.

"Yes?" Viola asked, standing up and facing the army man.

"In the name of His Majesty Buford Albert Forger, Crown Prince of Makina, you are summoned to the throne room for an urgent assembly."

Viola raised an eyebrow, haughty words leaving her mouth. "I am not aware of any assembly that requires my presence."

The man showed no response. "You can either come willingly or by force, soldier."

"Am I being arrested?" Viola's eyes rapidly went to the man's right hand, which was firm upon the grip of the gun that hung from his belt. She mimicked him.

"You are being summoned by His Majesty Buford Albert Forger, Crown Prince of Makina."

"Shooter Viola is in my service," Livilla adopted the same tone she used in her many formal meetings. "If she is being accused of something, I have the right to know."

The man relaxed his grip on the gun and spoke more delicately. "Of course, Your Grace. However, I am not sufficiently informed on the matter to provide a satisfactory response to your queries. You are free to come with us to the assembly, should you wish, but my orders are clear: Shooter Viola has to come to the throne room, by any means necessary."

Viola pondered her options: She could shoot a man who was merely doing his job and hide under Livilla's wide skirt, or she could get this charade over with and answer the summoning. The answer was pretty clear.

"Let us go, then. The sooner we end this, the better."

********

******** The room was nearly empty. Viola had seen situations like this before, back when Samuel was still alive. Normally, the throne room was stacked with noblemen and women looking for a good show. Today, however, the room barely had five people in it.

Buford sat on the throne that had once been his father's. Bloodshot eyes, the result of an obvious lack of sleep, made his brutish face all the more threatening. His grip on the throne's arms and his tapping foot let her know he was anxious to get this over with.

Besides him, the Withered Flower sat, dressed entirely in white, arms and legs crossed and worried eyes fixated on her son. Her gaze was one of concern and as Viola and Livilla made their way across the room, it seemed like the Queen threw a gentle albeit brief smile their way, one that was far too fleeting to recognize as a gesture of kindness.

"Buford, what is the meaning of this?" Livilla asked, her voice steady and loud, perfectly hiding the doubt that her shaky hands seemed unable to disguise.

"Shooter Viola Hecuba Hawk," Buford spoke without even acknowledging his wife's presence, "you are here to answer for your crimes against the Crown of Makina."

"Is this a trial?" Livilla questioned again, a shade of anger now propelling her words. "If so, where is the jury? The judge? The representative of Laws and the Actuator of Justice?"

"Due process is not necessary in this particular case, darling . The Shooter's actions have determined her culpability. This is merely an acknowledgement of said actions."

darling "And which actions might those be, Your Majesty?" Viola knew a more relaxed tone would be preferable. However, her decorum was flying out the window. Now, all she could feel towards this excuse of a King was contempt and even pity.

"Murder, of course. Of my brother, Prince Edison Robert Forger..."

"May he rest in peace," the guards stationed at each side of the throne muttered, making Buford sigh in exasperation.

"There's no use denying it, Shooter. We all know it's true," he continued.

"I won't deny it." Viola's words were relaxed but forceful. She felt no shame in her actions, nor should she. "I indeed fired the gun that ended Edison's life."

Buford looked aghast. "You admit it, then? Traitor! Murderer! Viper!"

"Your brother," Viola interrupted him, feeling the heat rushing to her face, but doing her best to control it, "was the traitor. He, along with Raynard and Hugo, killed your father. They're the ones who went against the Crown. They were plotting against Makina itself."

"Lies!" Buford screamed, his voice echoing in the tall walls. "Disgusting lies meant to smear the good name of my brothers. You are nothing but a filthy killer, a traitor and malicious cunt, but you will not get the best of me. I can see through you."

"And what it is that you see?" Viola dared him, taking a step forward and provoking the RoyalCorps in the room to reach for their guns.

"I see a dead woman. Guards, take this bitch to the courtyard and shoot her. A bullet to the head will be more than enough to cleanse this ancestral fort from her pernicious presence."

"Enough!" Livilla howled. The entire room went silent and not even the guards dared defy her. "Shooter Viola is in my service and you shall not dispose of her so easily. There are no lies in her words. We all know your brothers were culpable of the murder of His Majesty, King Samuel. Viola did nothing but kill a confirmed traitor. The display that your brothers did in this very throne room should be enough to convince you that all three of them were perverted monsters."

"My brothers were sick," Buford hissed through clenched teeth, and for a split second, Viola thought she saw a glimmer of indigo flashing through his eyes.

Livilla refused to back down. "Sick with greed. You will not condemn the Shooter without a proper trial, not for the sins of three mad men."

If looks could kill, Livilla would have certainly not survived the stare-down that was now happening between her husband and her. Nonetheless, the Lady stood her ground and not even the future King could move her.

"Lady Livilla is right," the Withered Flower said, interrupting the silent battle. "Unpleasant as it is, your brothers were at the centre of what was, undeniably, a coup attempt. The Shooter may have pulled the trigger, but in the end, it was to the benefit of the kingdom."

Buford turned to face his mother and Viola could not see his expression. After a few seconds, the man turned, his face red but his eyes no longer deadly.

"Shooter Viola is now a prisoner of the Crown. Take her to the cells, where she will await trial for the murder of my brother."

The guards moved fast; Viola could've moved faster. However, she knew there'd be no point. She would only give Buford an actual reason to kill her. Reluctantly, she allowed the guards to restrain her, knowing she was willingly going into the beast's fangs.

"My dear Shooter, worry not," Livilla whispered in her ear as she hugged her. "I will not let anything happen to you. No one shall touch even so much as a hair on your head."

Viola smiled at the woman's words, feeling a warmth in her chest she could not explain.

"Warn the Marquise," she said as the guards broke the hug. "Buford will certainly come for her, and the Viscount and the Shark. It might be late for me, but it isn't for them." She lowered her voice even more so that only Livilla could hear. "I know you may not understand the words I'm about to say, but it's imperative you pass them on to the Marquise. Tell her the blue still lives in the man who holds the crown."

Livilla nodded, her wide eyes drenched in confused tears. As she was forced out of the room, Viola felt her stomach turning at the realization that their fight was not finished after all. Before the doors closed behind her, she prayed that Livilla could get to the Marquise before it was too late.





A Random Meeting





In the cover of night, in a dark tavern, in a shady part of a broken kingdom, nine strangers converged in a back room and grabbed an innocent drink.

To any outsider, Arabella thought, that is what this seemingly random reunion must have looked like. After all, they have arrived separately; some had even taken longer and considerably more convoluted routes to get to the Steam and Steel tavern, in the edges of Gutterton, halfway between Ironport and Ivoryport.

Some had made sure to arrive earlier; two of them had even gone as far as to disguise themselves behind bushy red beards, rather ineffectively, she had to admit. Still, they had all done their best to make this meeting seem as random as possible. They could not afford to take any chances. They were all being watched. They knew that much.

Arabella's house in Ravenport had RoyalCorps stationed outside. They had not given any reason to justify their presence, nor did they need to. Buford had made sure they felt empowered enough to believe themselves untouchable. In a way, they were.

As Arabella drank from the ale she had ordered, she breathed a sigh of relief when the last of the nine to arrive, the buffoon who she was convinced was unable to take anything seriously, crossed the door and sat in between her and the dark-skinned Princess.

"Are we all here?" The woman with the raspy voice spoke, removing her cowl to reveal the rectangular face Arabella knew so well.

"It appears so," the late-arriving Master Eldon said, tapping on the table.

"Very well," Master Nilla spoke in no more than a whisper. "We all know why we're here. We need to make one more stand against the parasite. It's already moving against us."

"Our priority is to prevent Buford from being crowned King," Arabella said, her voice slightly muffled behind the veil that covered her face. "If he ascends to the throne, it will be all the more difficult to eliminate him."

The Viscount, hidden behind an old Aronportian helmet, spoke from the far side of the room. "Not only that, but he'll have full access to the Crown's considerable resources."

The sound of thunder shook the entire tavern, making the frail Princess shiver.

"And Viola's fate will be all but sealed," Livilla's shaky voice was barely able to overcome the sound of nature raging on the outside.

"Our future Queen is right," Master Eldon, who wore a silk scarf that covered his mouth and nose, said matter-of-factly. "Speaking of which, shouldn't we also prevent this lovely woman from returning to Ivoryport? Your husband is, after all, our main target."

"Absolutely not," Livilla replied firmly. "I need to be there for the coronation. My absence would only arise suspicions."

"Can we count on the SteelCorps?" Alder, one of the two wearing the ridiculous red beards, softly asked.

The Shark shook his head. "Negative. None of my contacts is willing to rise against the future King of Makina, not without definitive proof."

"What happened in the throne room wasn't definitive proof?" Princess Electa, who like Master Nilla wore a cowl, asked, rather scandalized.

"Buford remained on the outside during his brothers' plot. Indigo intentionally kept him side-lined so that all the suspicions, and attacks, would focus on the other three."

As the words left her mouth, Arabella's body shivered. They were now realizing just how challenging the parasite really was. It was not just the fact that it granted enhanced abilities to those it infected. It was actually cunning. It plotted, it anticipated and planned its strategies accordingly. And it had fooled them into having a foolish sense of false hope.

cunning.

"This new side of the parasite makes it more dangerous," Master Nilla muttered. "We now know someone can be the host without showing any symptoms, which means the parasite can hide in plain sight."

"For the time being, I think it would be best to distrust everyone in Ivoryport. Everyone who isn't in this room right now, at least."

Don Timothy, the second hidden behind the red beard, was the only one facing the wall, his back literally against them. However, his words were heard and met with the approval from all eight.

"We cannot move against Buford right now," Arabella continued as the droplets began crashing against the wooden ceiling. "He is surrounded by guards day and night. I think no one here is above killing, except perhaps Lady Livilla and Princess Electa, but we cannot be sure these men are Royders. It is one thing to kill an infected beast and quite another to kill a man who is just following orders."

"Is there any way in which we can prevent the Coronation?" Electa spoke shyly.

"None, I'm afraid, my dear Princess," Livilla answered with a tremor in her voice. "Buford has moved heaven, earth and sea to make sure everything is ready for the event. As the sole male heir to the throne, I'm afraid the people are also quite desperate to see him take the Crown."

"Then we have to eliminate him before he sits on that throne," the adamant Shark stated.

"We have another problem to take care of," the Viscount intervened from the other side of the room. "Recent movement within Ivoryport has woken my curiosity. Per my insiders within the fort's walls, a parade of men, dressed in grey and carrying heavy tools, have been sneaking into Leverfort under the cover of night."

"Grey?" Don Timothy asked, concern dripping from his words.

"Engineers," Master Nilla guessed and the Viscount nodded.

"Rumour amongst the servants is that something is being built beneath the fort."

"Some sort of weapon, perhaps?" the Shark wondered.

Master Eldon raised both eyebrows. "A bird."

Arabella did not need further information to confirm the Master's words. They had lowered their guards too soon, too easily, and now they were paying the price.

She voiced her questions, trying to remain calm. "How long have the engineers been in the capital? Why did we not hear about this sooner?"

"Two weeks, apparently," the Viscount explained. "They started to arrive shortly after the throne room battle, under the pretext of fixing..."

"Structural damage," Arabella finished the sentence, remembering the men who had been working in the throne room for the last few days.

No one had batted an eye; none of them had believed they were engineers. Arabella herself had thought they were merely laborers. She always knew this habit of nobility to disregard the lowborn would one day get them into trouble. It seemed that day was today.

"Can they realistically rebuild the bird in just two weeks?" Master Eldon turned to Master Nilla and Alder for answers.

They both hesitated. He answered first. "They could have built something . Perhaps not the fully functional bird you saw in your dreams, but a group of well-stocked engineers can make wonders."

something "It would not be able to fly, though," Don Timothy intervened. "It takes at least six to seven weeks to build a fully functional flying engine."

"Can it still spit fire?" Eldon asked again and the silence that followed his question was answer enough. "Well, shit."



"We have time," Don Timothy said, trying to remain positive. "It still needs to be moved to Ironport. We can intercept it like we did before."

"We cannot take any chances," Arabella stated staunchly. "It may have already been moved. Hell, it might be moving right now, as we are speaking."

"Unlikely," the Shark disagreed. "With the arrangements for the coronation going on, any cargo that enters of leaves the city is monitored by the SteelCorps. Nothing leaves Ivoryport without us knowing it."

"Not if they use the fort's catacombs." Electa's voice made them all turn around to face the young woman, who seemed terrified to be there. "There are several passages under Leverfort that lead directly to the outskirts of the city. I used to sneak outside of Ivoryport like that. One of them takes you directly to the Phour lagoon."

The Shark looked on the verge of a rage attack. "Who else knows about these tunnels?"

"The RoyalCorps do." This time, it was Livilla who replied. "They are meant to be used as escape routes in case of an attack. Their revelation to anyone outside of the Royal Family or the RoyalCorps is strictly forbidden and it's punishable with death."

The Shark, who obviously found that reasoning absurd, turned back to face Electa. "How big are these tunnels? Can they sneak out a large weapon outside of the city?"

"Indeed. The catacombs are tall and wide enough to fit a train even."

"Still, security is tight, even on the outskirts of the city," Captain Batchelor clearly wanted to have the last word. "I may not be able to assert it, but I'm willing to bet my right arm that nothing has left the city, not even through the underground. I have faith in my men, those who remain loyal to me, anyway."

Master Eldon growled. "Still, we can't take any chances. Tim and I will head to Ironport at once." Sixteen pairs of eyes turned to face him, but the Master was clearly enjoying the attention. "Logic states that the weapon in still in the capital. Still, if you fail and Buford is still crowned King, this new bird will certainly head to Ironport to fulfil its purpose. That means we'll be the last line of defence between the bird and the port. Now, call me a hopeless optimistic but I have faith in all of you, I have to. After all, definitive host as he may be, there's six of you and only one of him. If you can't win with odds like that, then we're pretty much fucked anyway."

"If for whatever reason we fall or are simply delayed," Arabella said, her cryptic voice mixing with the heavy rain that fell outside, "then you and Don Timothy will have to face the bird by yourselves. You understand that, do you not?"

Even though she could not see his mouth, Arabella knew Master Eldon was smiling. She could see it in his eyes.

"Perhaps that's how things are supposed to be."

His gaze locked up with hers and she understood at once. The dream. His dream. There were only two battling the bird: Eldon and Timothy. Things had a strange way of coming to be. Moments waiting to happen, indeed.

His Moments waiting to happen, indeed. "We shall need to break Viola out," Arabella said, turning back to face the Shark, renewed heat coursing through her veins. "We need all the help we can get."

"I can take care of that." The Viscount looked far more enthusiastic than Arabella would have expected. "Electa can show me around the catacombs. I could reach the cells through them, could I not?" His fiancée nodded at once.

"I'll make sure the nobility is protected," the Shark said, running a hand through his bald head. "And I will make the formal accusation against Buford. If the charges come from the SteelCorps, it'll be easier to justify his murder to the rest of Makina."

Master Nilla took the word. "Alder and I will go into the catacombs too. We'll try to find the bird by any means necessary."

"I can offer a small contingent of loyal soldiers to accompany you," the Shark offered and Master Nilla nodded in gratitude.

"I shall take Livilla, the Queen and Electa then," Arabella concluded. "I shall make sure they are safe and out of Ivoryport. We too shall use the catacombs. With Buford dead, Princess Electa will be the future of Makina. Her safety has become a priority."

"The Shooter and I will try to meet with you," the Viscount said, offering his future bride a warm and reassuring smile. "If by any reason we're delayed, then go forward without us. We'll catch up with you."

Lastly, Don Timothy spoke. "Eldon and I will set camp in Ironport. We'll stay vigilant and keep our eyes open. If everything goes well, all eight of us will regroup in two days' time." He lowered his voice, assuming a more sombre tone. "If by any reason something goes wrong in the capital, then the two of us will defend Ironport, with our lives should it be necessary."

A silent agreement fell upon the room as the heavy storm outside shook the tavern's wooden walls. Arabella felt her heart savagely beating inside her chest and she knew this was the endgame. This was the final battle. And now more than ever, she was grateful for this merry band of random characters. In spite of everything, she managed to draw a smile. After all, should death come her way, at least she would not go down alone.

What a macabre thought. Then again, she was a rather macabre Lady.





A Coronation





He had never seen Ironport.

He had traveled as far as Heliport and back, but he had never seen Ironport. And yet, here he was now. As he crossed the bridge that connected the north side of the city, with the south, Eldon wondered how this day would end. Would the people in Ivoryport be strong enough to stop the attack from happening? Or would he indeed see the bird soaring up in the grey sky above?

So distracted he was that he failed to pay attention to the large woman coming his way; he crashed against her and almost fell to the river that flowed below them.

"Watch it," she said angrily, expecting an apology from him, but Eldon barely listened.

He kept walking towards the one place he had been trying to get to ever since he set foot in this wretched city. The sound of water seemed to be calling him and as he reached the Island of Oil, he tried to listen to the squeak that had plagued his dreams, the one that came from old, rusty and enormous wings. He heard nothing. How could he above all this noise? This was reality. And here, he'd never be able to hear the squeak.

There are a lot of people at Ironport today.

There are a lot of people at Ironport today. Were there really a lot of people? Sure, they were far more than he had ever seen at Slatehallow, or Ravenport for that matter, but since he had never been to Ironport, he couldn't really tell if these were in fact a lot of people, or if they were just the right amount.

He finally reached the waterfall and stopped right at the edge, where Alma must've stood before she leapt to her death. He wondered how she felt, how bad things must've been for her, and he wished he could've helped her. Of course, the truth was he could help her. He could go back and stop her from jumping, or maybe, if it had indeed been an accident, prevent it from happening altogether. But, what good would come out of it?

could As the water ran savagely, making the ground beneath him shake, he tried to focus on the moment. He had a duty to fulfil. A mission. He turned to the cloudy, sad sky above him and took a deep breath that did little to ease his mind.

Anxious, afraid, excited even, angry, vigilant, slightly annoyed. Overwhelmed. How, he wondered, was it possible for someone to feel so much? How could any body, or mind, withstand such torture? He knew just how much was at stake and he had been training for weeks to prepare. Yet, now that it was all so real and perhaps imminent, a voice in the back of his head told him he'd be petrified when the time came.

As he looked down to the rampaging current of water, he wondered if Alma, like him, had suffered from an overly busy mind. Suddenly, splashing against the cool water didn't seem like such a bad idea.

A bleak thought then came to his mind: Perhaps it hadn't been an accident after all.

********

******** Leverfort shuddered with anticipation.

As Arabella walked down the crowded halls, her heart raced at the beat of the moment. Her mission was clear enough, yet she hesitated. Worst possible moment for self-doubt, but such was life. Now, the safety of the three most important women in all of Makina rested in her hands. She was always so sure of herself, so certain in her abilities, her charms, her brains. But she made mistakes. She lowered her guard too soon and the past was now back to make everything worse.

Her hands seemed incapable of standing still and she found herself twisting her neck in every possible direction. But concentration was of the utmost importance. If the Shark failed to eliminate Buford, if Master Nilla and Alder did not find the bird, or worse, if it was not even in the city anymore... well, there were far too many if s for her taste.

if

Much to her surprise, there were no guards outside the Queen's chambers. Strange, considering one or two always stood outside her doors, but today everything seemed different. As her steps echoed in the tall ceilings, she rushed to the Queen's chamber and knocked on the door twice before abandoning all decorum and letting herself in.

Estella Rose Lovegrove sat on her chair, in front of her mirror, arranging her makeup. Behind her, the scared little girl, no longer scared apparently, combed he hair. Neither looked close to being done and Arabella found herself envying their nonchalance.

"Your Grace, good morning," she said as the two women carried on with their tasks.

"Marquise, what a pleasant surprise." Estella turned to face the girl. "Caroline, isn't this a pleasant surprise?"

"It indeed is pleasant, Your Grace."

Both women turned to Arabella, wide and honest, albeit slightly unsettling smiles spreading through their faces.

"Do you need something, dear Marquise? Perhaps a nice necklace to go with your dress?"

"Your Grace, I need you to come with me," Arabella interrupted the Queen.

"Is something the matter?" The Flower's features hardened and her eyes widened.

Arabella went straight to the point. "I am afraid we must leave the city at once."

The Queen's eyes fixated on her for a few seconds, as if trying to understand what was happening. Then, drawing another smile, she spoke careless words.

"My sweet Marquise, what are you saying?" The woman turned back to face the mirror, as the Caroline girl resumed her hair-combing task. "Today is Buford's coronation. I know my son is a challenging fellow, but one can't simply run away from one's duties."

"Your Grace," Arabella straightened and towered over them, "we can waste precious minutes exchanging pleasantries and excuses, but the result will not be any different. You will come with me. You are in grave danger. The illness that claimed your three sons has taken over Buford too. He is planning something. There is a weapon in the city and until we have found and dismantled it, the safest thing is for you to leave the capital at once."

will There was something different about Queen Estella that Arabella could not quite detect. She seemed less stiff, less...withered. Even the scared girl seemed to have warmed up to her. The two women looked at ease at last and here stood Arabella, wrecking their newfound harmony with her abrupt and fatalistic news.

"Are you saying my son is..." The Queen's words died in her lips. Arabella simply nodded and the rain in Estella's eyes began to pour. "Why must we leave, though? Can't you just...fight him like you did my other sons?"

"The illness is still in Leverfort, Your Grace. Until we completely neutralize it, the best thing to do is get you and Princess Electa out of Ivoryport. You are the future of the Crown, after all. The furthest you are from the enemy, the better."

Queen Estella remained in her chair a few seconds more, withering again before Arabella's eyes. Then, drying her tears, she stood and ordered the girl to bring her cloak.

"Very well, Marquise. Lead the way."

********

******** Eldon was now the waterfall beneath him.

His mind raced just as wild, his thoughts flowed just as sure, chasing each other, making him realize just how wrong he had been. It all made sense now.

"Emmu!" The familiarity of Tim's voice called from the distance, but Eldon was too in his own head to acknowledge him. "Emmu!"

Eldon remained frozen, standing at Alma's very edge, his heart on the verge of jumping out of his own body. How could he make such a mistake? Was he really so blind? He couldn't believe it, refused to accept it. Yet he knew it was true.



"Emmu!" Tim was now beside him but Eldon still took a couple of seconds to react to his presence. "What' wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost."

Eldon stumbled upon his own words. "We're in the wrong place."

Mouth wide with the weight of those words, his body tried its best to deal with this abrupt state of clear awareness. Perhaps the purity of the water cleared the path in front of him, perhaps the winds of the east blew the mist away, or perhaps Alma whispered secrets into his ear to help him see. Whatever the reason, brand new eyes now led his way.

Tim frowned and raised his voice to overcome the roar of the waterfall. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

"We're in the wrong place," Eldon repeated, his head heavy with the loud stomps of the aggressive parade of thoughts. "Timmy, we're not supposed to be here. Think about it. This isn't supposed to happen. The attack on Ivoryport, we stopped it. We destroyed the bird. It was never supposed to happen, we were always meant to stop it."

"Emmu, they built another bird," Tim said, a permanent line now between his eyebrows, his words revealing everything his shaky expression tried to conceal.

But Eldon saw clearly now. "Exactly. Another bird, Timmy. Another. New bird, new attack. We haven't had another dream to warn us. We thought Indigo would just go ahead and do the same thing it planned to do before, but why would it? We stopped it from happening."

Another. stopped His ideas ran too fast for him to properly articulate them and he feared Tim wouldn't follow him. But his love's rapidly blinking eyes and his slightly accelerated breathing told otherwise.

"The Marquise's words," Tim whispered and Eldon felt a twinge of fear as he remembered.

The future is not a defined path, Master Eldon.

The future is not a defined path, Master Eldon. "But then what is the weapon for?" Tim asked, more to himself than to Eldon. "Indigo plans to attack, it's obvious. If not here, where?"

Eldon's mouth trembled. "How do you destroy an already broken kingdom?"

Tim understood at once. "You struck on its very heart."

Eldon had just been struck by lightning. A rush of energy coursed through his veins. Every part of him shivered, though he could not tell if it was just the fear, or if anticipation had also made a claim over him. He heard his heartbeat in his ears and his stomach laid on the ground, next to his feet. His body was ready for the battle of a lifetime.

"Where's the blimp?" Eldon asked as they walked back to the islands.

"Hidden under a canopy of trees, on the outskirts of the city."

"Go and get it. You know where to fly. Get there as soon as you can. Enter the city from the south side. I'll go north. If we hurry, we can get there in an hour, maybe less."

"How would you get there?"

A question Eldon had been struggling with in silence, but which now had a clear answer. He even managed to smile as he spoke. "You have some money?"

He pointed towards the Island of Innovations and Tim let out a sigh of incredulity.

"You're insane," he said, shaking his head.

"And yet you love me."

"With all my heart."

Eldon acted almost instinctively. He launched himself at Tim, his arms surrounding the man's neck. Their lips met and their kiss seemed to stop time itself. Eldon didn't want to think of endings, but as his grasp on the love in front of him loosened, he couldn't deny the sense of dread that surrounded them. As they parted and gave each other one last look, they silently made promises they really couldn't keep.



And then Tim was gone, disappearing between the sea of people beyond the city's entrance. And Eldon went the other way, towards the Island that sold all those tricks and inventions that inspired curiosity and even awe from onlookers and potential buyers.

"How much for that?" Arriving at the largest stand in the Island of Innovations, he pointed at the shiny machine that occupied most of the space next to them.

"I don't think you can afford it," the man behind the counter replied, only half-serious.

Eldon took out the money that Tim gave him and he smiled at the man's greedy eyes.

"Try me."

Minutes later, with fire literally coming out of his ass, he traversed the open field on his way to the city of white, hoping it wouldn't be too late by the time he arrived there.

********

******** Aware: That was the word to describe Viola. It had been several hours since she ate, and she didn't get much sleep the night before. She should be quite destroyed. Yet she paced inside her damp cell, cracking her knuckles, feeling as the sweat moistened her worn-out shirt and made her mask stick to her skin. Her muscles trembled, her breath was short. But she was aware.

Over the years, she developed a sort of sixth sense. Back in the war, she could always tell when an attack was incoming. The winds changed, carrying with them the smell of blood and death. She always smelled them. They came from the east and took over fast.

Only four guards remained outside her cell. The only prisoner there, Viola didn't know whether she should be flattered that four men were assigned exclusively for her or offended that more weren't deemed necessary.

Still, There was no way out. Her guns had of course been confiscated and there wasn't anything in that cell that could help her break out. Overhearing the conversations of the soldiers, she found out that Buford's coronation would take place in a matter of hours; whatever the Marquise was planning, it would happen soon.

She only needed to wait. Before the day was over, she'd know what would become of her.

"Hey love, so tell us," one of the soldiers spoke from the other side of the space, "you're supposed to be a really lethal woman, right?"

"Give me my gun and find out," she replied without paying much attention to the man.

"I'm actually a big fan of yours, Shooter," the younger of the soldiers shyly said.

She turned to face him: Blonde, thin and barely of age, he was clearly a new recruit. His lips tried a bashful smile and she couldn't help but pity him. His soft, kind features and the delicacy with which lifted his cup of tea made him stand out like a sore thumb.

"Thank you," she replied again, her features softening for the boy.

"Perhaps after you're released you can give me some pointers?" His voice was eager but still fearful "I need to improve my aim and I sure could use some help."

"If you need help, Mitchy, I'll give you a hand," the tallest of the guards said, patting the young man on the back, making him drop almost all of his tea. "You shouldn't waste your time on traitorous scum like this bitch right here."

The young man's eyes dropped to the floor, seemingly embarrassed that the older guard listened to his request.

"The Princes were evil, weren't they?" His question was so low, it was barely audible.

"They're still the Princes, Mitchy. One just doesn't go around killing Princes."

Viola grimaced at the older guard's fanaticism. In all her years in service, she learnt there was nothing more dangerous than blind adoration. Obedience just for the sake of it was a poison in any army. She was about to say something when the unmistakable sound of a gun firing made her turn her head towards the door.



The older guard collapsed after the bullet landed on his face. Flaunting his inexperience, Mitchy dropped to the floor as the gun was fired again, this time landing on the guard closest to her cell. The third guard fired twice at the door and for a few seconds, it seemed he had succeeded. However, one more shot came from the entrance and the bullet hit the man's cheek, sending him to the ground.

The Viscount walked into the cell, his gun pointing at Mitchy who still laid on the floor, shaking under his armour. The nobleman and Viola exchanged looks and silently agreed on what should be done.

"Get out," the Viscount said, kicking Mitchy's gun away from his grasp. "And tell no one about this. That's an order."

Mitchy wasted no time. He got up and disappeared in the darkness of the dark corridor. The Viscount then turned and searched for the key to the cell in the older guard's belt.

"I didn't think you'd be the one to come," Viola said as the young man opened the door.

"My dear Shooter, your lack of faith both offends and astounds me," he said, eyebrows raised, acting insulted. "Friends don't leave friends behind."

"So we're friends now?"

"I'm afraid so. Perhaps we're not going out for drinks in the tavern anytime soon, but at least I can risk my life to rescue you from the claws of the enemy."

"Thank you," she earnestly said as she stepped out of her cage.

The Viscount patted her on the shoulder. "Don't mention it. Now grab a gun and let's go."

"Where's the battle?" She asked as she went to retrieve her weapon from the cupboard.

"Can't really say. With our luck, though, we'll probably stumble upon it."

She smirked at the Viscount's words, finding actual humour in them. She then took the guns of all the fallen soldiers. After all, she thought, you can never have too many guns.

********

******** The five women walked through the catacombs with steady steps.

Electa was the only one who knew how to navigate these passages, so she was the leader of the group and Arabella simply walked beside her. Livilla, Queen Estella and the Caroline girl walked behind them. They had barely said a word but Arabella preferred the silence.

There was not much to say and if there was indeed a weapon in this damp darkness, the quiet would allow them to spot the sound of an engine running. Indeed, their steps and their breathing dominated their hearing, so when the unmistakable sound of a gun firing echoed in the catacombs, all five of them stopped dead.

Another shot. Two more. Nothing. One last shot and then silence reigned once more.

"What was that?" the Caroline girl asked, her head turning everywhere, as if expecting something to jump out from the depths of the dark.

"We are not the only ones down here," Arabella reminded them, resuming her walk.

"We're not?" The Queen asked, curiosity evident in her words.

She shook her head. "The Viscount is breaking Shooter Viola out of her cell and my Master and her husband are here too."

The Flower now actually sounded impressed. "That's quite the team, Marquise. You should feel proud of yourself. It's a true gift to have so many people following you."

"They do not follow me. We fight for a common goal." Arabella felt uncomfortable with the Queen's sudden attention and tried to turn away from it.



The Flower, however, went on. "You've put on a wonderful fight, Marquise."

"I doubt your sons ever thought they'd face such a formidable foe," Livilla said. There was a fire in the Lady's voice that Arabella had not heard before and her chest inflated at her friend's newfound confidence.

"My sons are no longer here. And they never led this enterprise, anyway. The Blue King always commanded their actions. And every King needs a Queen."

Arabella felt as though she had just been hit with one the lightning guns. Her body went livid and her heart seemed to stop its furious beating. Her mind separated form her own body and she stepped outside, seeing her stiff frame frozen in time.

"You've indeed been an impressive opponent, Marquise, we'll give you that. And you're a wonderful fighter, you just don't anticipate. But you'll catch on. And we look forward to facing you again. For now, you might want to look ahead. We have a gift for you."

The Queen's voice vanished. Arabella turned but neither the Withered Flower nor the scared girl were anywhere to be found.

"Marquise? Marquise, are you okay?" Livilla's voice called but Arabella was lost for words.

"Where's Estella?" Electa asked. Her question was drowned by what came next.

The catacombs shook and the three women struggled to stay up. Dirt and stone came from the roof as the entire structure quaked and threatened to crash around them. Arabella pulled the two women close and, ignoring their whimpering and pleas, continued her way through the dark and increasingly fragile tunnel.

Sweat became one with the angry tears that streamed down her face. She could not take the inaction anymore, so she ran, trying to leave this God-forsaken place behind. Her head was heavy and her heart seemed to have come back to furious life. Merciless beats pounded and resonated all over her body, an urgent, accurate melody for this moment.

Ignoring every single thought in her head, she ran towards the exit but her steps were drowned by a spine-chilling roar. Like a beast waking from a deep slumber, Arabella saw red across the cave. A pair of glowing eyes pierced the darkness ahead, looking their way, enticing them to come closer and get lost in their burning glimmer.

Arabella barely had time to react. Another roar shook the tunnel as the red eyes directed their fiery gaze to the ceiling above them. A flash of metal and the beating of wings were the last thing she saw before her entire world came crashing down. Buried under the stones, she saw in horror as a giant machine soared, ready to take flight.

********

******** The tall, slender shape of Ivoryport appeared in front of his eyes. It took him more than an hour to reach the capital, but a slight wave of relief allowed his hands to loosen the grip they had over the reins when he saw that the city was white still; no crimson had yet tainted its walls. The mechanical horse he now rode on had come through.

Money well spent , he thought as he crossed the pearly gates of the city of ivory.

Money well spent His tranquillity was short-lived, though. Nauseating terror invaded him when he saw the streets busy with hundreds, or perhaps even thousands of people gathered to see the coronation. Carefree, restless and eager to bow to their new King, the assembly moved like a large, amorphous wave, spreading through every corner and alley, leaving no space unoccupied.

"GET OUT" He stupidly yelled at the roaring crowd, to no avail. Those who were close enough did listen to his plea, and threw confused or annoyed looks his way, but his screams were mostly drowned in this sea of voices.

I need to find the others .

I need to find the others He galloped towards the centre of the city and as the tall, white walls of Leverfort appeared in front of him, he allowed himself a moment of hope. Perhaps he actually made it in time. Perhaps this could still be stopped. His heart no longer beat, but rather stomped on his insides. As for the rest of his body, it fought a battle to decide if it should acknowledge the pain the hour-long ride on top of the steel mechanical horse caused him, or if it should power through it and just focus on the here and now. Judging by the burning sensation that coursed through his limbs, the battle was still undecided.

The horse had just set foot on the first step of the fort when the ground trembled. Eldon pulled the reins and stopped the machine at once, but he proved too slow. Another tremble and the floor exploded. A rain of stone came crashing down with the fury of a thousand guns and Eldon was thrown back, smashing against the window of a nearby store. Glass entered his skin and stone crushed his body, and in the blink of an eye he saw the world around him reduced to ruins, a promise of destruction if there ever was one.

The loud screams of a thousand terrified souls filled the air and the cold touch of despair grabbed him by the heart as he saw a giant bird with a scorpion's tale rising over the rubble, ready to begin its furious rampage.





A Flightless Bird





The fort was unrecognizable. Nowhere in sight were the fancy rugs, the flamboyant paintings, the rusty suits of armour or the ostentatious machinery that usually adorned the hallways. The heavy chandelier laid on top of the pile of rubble that now covered the entire floor. Stupefied, she looked up and saw that Leverfort no longer had a ceiling. It collapsed entirely.

Viola and the Viscount were steps away from the catacombs' exit when they saw the ceiling crumbling in front of them, blocking their way out. The roar of an angry beast followed. The decaying walls and the cracking floor let them know there was no way out. Their only choice was going back to the fort.

So they did. They ran back, past the cells and into a large and barely lit hallway, the same she walked through only a couple of days ago. Stepping into the light of the fort, they encountered the devastation and understood immediately.

"We're too late," she mumbled but she hardly had time to grief.

The Viscount elbowed her in the ribs and she turned to where the fort's entrance once stood. Her heart must've stopped, because for a moment or two, she failed to register anything she saw. She heard nothing, either. She simply stood there, mouth opened, in shock at what she witnessed. Out there in the square, in broad daylight, as if it was a common sight, a colossal machine rampaged the city with the power of a hundred guns.

It looked like a bird, almost like a canary: It had wings, a round head, a plump body and a very small beak. However, unlike a real one, the machine's tail was long, thick and curved, and in ended on a sharp and menacing sting, more similar to a scorpion's than a canary's. And, to Viola's surprise, it seemed unable to fly. It spread its wings occasionally, but instead of soaring, it merely jumped around, using them more as blades to destroy, rather than propellers to fly.

On the floor, like meaningless rodents, the RoyalCorps, led by the Shark, circled the bird, trying their best to stop it. They barely touched it, though. The hulking machine was almost as tall as Leverfort itself when standing straight. Its wings wide were enough to cover the entire square if spread. But what truly shocked Viola was its hidden weapon: Opening its small beak, the bird released a powerful stream of continuous fire.

The screams of agony pierced Viola's very soul: People still lingered in the square. Perhaps buried under mountains of rubble, or maybe simply too scared to try and run away. Heat took over her face and she felt tears sliding down her one good eye. Her body vibrated as a familiar rage settled in the mouth of her stomach. She entered war mode. No longer a woman, but a weapon, Viola tightened her grip on the gun, feeling outside of herself.

With the Viscount next to her, she traversed the remains of the fort and stepped out into the square, ignoring the dead bodies spread through the stairs. Despite their valiant effort, the RoyalCorps proved incapable of damaging the bird in any meaningful way.

"At last!" The Shark's raspy voice called to them. "What were you sleeping?"

"Where's the Crown Prince?" The Viscount asked as he aimed towards the bird's wings.

"Fucker ran away. We had him cornered in the throne room when this fucking freak came out. He took advantage of the chaos, sneaked out like the rat he is."

freak Viola pointed at the bird's head. "We have more pressing matters to deal with."

The beast's beak opened again. More fire came out. The RoyalCorps beneath stood no chance. Their bodies rapidly consumed under the flames, allowing the bird to target the civilians hidden behind a pile of stone. Their screams drowned behind the heat of their pyre. War memories came back. A familiar chaos. A well-known pandemonium. Inferno.

Inferno.

The small contingent of RoyalCorps that remained in the square tried shooting at the bird again. Their bullets dropped to the ground, like useless screws. The bird reacted and turned as fast as its heavy metallic body allowed it. It proved too slow for the tiny RoyalCorps, who scattered in the space, like ants running from the boot.

Smoke and ash filled the air when the bird fired once more. Viola felt the skin on her face burning against the metal that covered it. She coughed as breathing became harder and found herself trapped within her own walls. She was her own personal furnace.

The Viscount pointed to the belly of the beast. "Look! There!"

As the bird released its fiery rage, Viola saw it too. Right at the centre of its breast, a spot lit up through the metallic layers that covered it. When the fire stopped, the spot dimmed and Viola knew they found their target. With its beak opened, ready to fire again, the bird turned to them, but the three hid behind a large pile of stone.

"We need all the power we can gather," Viola yelled, her voice barely audible.

"There's only so many soldiers left," the Shark objected as the bird screeched again. "If we're going out, it better be for something worthwhile."

"If we destroy its flamethrower, we make this fight easier for the others."

The Viscount agreed. "Not one of us will get it done. We need to fire all at once."

The Shark roared, his bloodshot eyes hardly blinking. "Fucking go, then."

The three came out of their hiding place and the Shark gathered all his power to make his voice sound over the war that raged around them. "Soldiers with me!"

A group of eight came out from under the stones, answering the call of their captain. A pitiful parade of sweaty and flushed faces. It wasn't the first time Viola looked at despair in the face. Still, she held back tears when she saw the youngest soldier, a boy no older than sixteen. The air turned heavy with smoke as a putrid scent took over. It was blood and sweat and ammonium and shit, all mixed together. The smell of fear.

"We need to get it to fire again!" The Viscount screamed.

Without saying a single word, one of the soldiers stepped out and ran directly into the bird's gaze. Fire came out, bringing its blazing storm along and drowning the man's screams. But his sacrifice worked. The bright spot on the bird's breast lit up again.

Ten guns pointed towards the light, firing repeatedly. Bullet after bullet crashed against the metal and gunpowder filled her nostrils. With no time to recharge, Viola changed guns and kept shooting, her heart beating so fast, she was afraid it would stop from overwork.

One of the soldiers dropped his gun, no bullets left on it, and Viola's legs threatened to give up. Still, she kept firing. She dropped the second gun and took out the third one. Her mouth, unable to hold her desperation any longer, released the scream trapped in the back of her throat, and all seven of her companions mimicked her.

Time was running out. The bird, now aware of their presence underneath it, tried something different. Its claws aimed towards two of the soldiers, piercing their skulls with their sharpness, splattering their faces with warm blood. Still they kept firing. One more bullet. Just one more. The creature straightened its tail, prepared to launch it at them. One more bullet. Just one more.

One more bullet. Just one more. One more bullet. Just one more. A leak of steam shot out of the machine. A horribly hissing sound filled the air as oil dripped from the now wounded bird. She saw the hole the bullet pierced in the bird's breast and howled in triumph. The machine stumbled and roared as the fuel that powered the flamethrower left its body, showering the group.



A small triumph, but the crippled machine remained a threat. Running back to the steps of the fort, they spread through the space and sought cover. There was no time to rest, but they could at least catch their breaths. And she did. She recharged her weapons. She wiped the blood off her face. She pulled herself together. Then, with newfound strength, she pointed her guns at the bird, ready for a new round.

********

******** Arabella stepped out into the square, stumbling, hardly able to stay aware.

She used all her strength protecting Livilla and Princess Electa from the rain of stone and dust that fell upon them when the bird destroyed the catacomb's ceiling. Her body took most of the damage, and not even the protective armour she wore under her dress prevented her from feeling every single blow and cut.

Despite her best efforts, the Lady and the Princess sustained heavy damage. Livilla's face had a nasty cut from her forehead to her cheekbone and her left rib seemed broken. Electa, for her part, limped and struggled to stay up. Her dress hid the surely grave wound that affected her left foot, and Arabella acquired newfound respect for the fragile Princess, whose mouth had yet to release a single complain.

The scene they encountered was beyond terrifying. Not even in her dreams could Arabella anticipate such devastation. Dead bodies lined the now destroyed streets, faces hidden behind a coat of dust and blood, names forgotten under the rubble. No structure survived the storm. The floor, once the main attraction of the city, now sank under the rivers of crimson that flowed, its cogs and gears melted away.

And in the main square, in front of her, moving wild and clumsily like a caged beast, a bird machine jumped from side to side, trying to shake its attackers off. The RoyalCorps were like ants under the bird's claws, and Arabella went livid when she saw two of them crushed under the machine's weight.

Suddenly, it all went quiet. She could not hear anymore. The laments of the wounded, the screams of the soldiers, the roars of the bird. They all seemed so far away, as if she listened to them from across a long, deserted space. She heard a beep. And then the world overflowed her. She could not focus. She did not see straight. She saw spots and sprinkles of colour that surely were not there. Her face turned heavy and her eyes went down.

The space narrowed. The walls approached, trying to squish her. The air turned heavy with ash and the sky seemed to come down on her, crushing her. Breathing became impossible. Dirt and debris had entered her lungs, clogging them. She was choking. Her hands tore her dress and she scratched her chest, maybe trying to rip it open too.

She gasped for air. She tried to articulate but no words came out. So she screamed. So hard she teared her throat and felt the veins in her face engorging. Her eyes burnt and she thought they might come out of their sockets. Her nails buried in her skin but pain was now foreign to her. The smoke made her cough and her entire body vibrated.

She heard Livilla's voice in the distance calling for her. Marquise. Marquise. Marquise!

Marquise. Marquise. Marquise! She knew what came next. She had a duty to fulfil. But just for once, just this one time, she wished she could just be afraid. Terrified, petrified. Helpless, like all the rest.

But she was not. She possessed a strength that was only hers. She had a responsibility to use it, especially now, when so much was on the line. She tried to catch her breath, but it proved futile. Tranquillity would not come to her. So she settled for momentary control. She yearned only to survive this day. Then she could gather her broken pieces. She needed not to be at peace, only to be aware. For her sake and everyone else's.

She spotted a gun on the floor and, drying her tears, ran to it and grabbed it. She turned to Livilla. "Here, take it." The Lady tried to say something, but Arabella interrupted. "I know it is scary. I too am frightened. Terrified. But there is something greater than that."



Livilla's jaw shook as her wide eyes blinked at an alarming speed. Her round, bleeding face seemed to be screaming, but even through her loud and palpable fear, the Lady nodded and accepted the gun with trembling hands.

"The bird cannot fly. If we keep it in the centre of the city, the people can escape to the outskirts. Our priority is to evacuate as many as we can."

Behind them, Electa gasped and pointed towards the machine. Arabella's stomach dropped to her feet when she saw Shooter Viola and the Viscount narrowly avoiding the bird's sharp claws. The Princess screamed at the sight of her love risking it all and Arabella had to restrain her to stop her from running towards him.

"You cannot go there. You will get yourself killed." Her voice nearly broke, but she swallowed her pain. She held Electa's face in her cold hands and locked eyes with her. "He needs you to be strong. He is fighting for us all. Help him. Fight for him. For you."

Electa's face disappeared behind anguished wrinkles, her frail body on the verge of completely falling apart. She nodded at Arabella's words, but there was no certainty in her face. Another screech echoed, reminding them of the war behind them.

"Follow me," she ordered adamantly.

Running towards the north side of the square, Arabella spotted the first group of survivors, hidden inside the remains of what used to be a clock store. She commanded Livilla and Electa to wait for her on the edge of the square, then jumped into the war zone.

The bird now attacked with every part of its body. Its deadly beak travelled to the ground with alarming speed, crushing those it found, as if they were no more than warms on the dirt. Its tail calculated every move, launching itself at its targets with precise skill. Its wings spread and destroyed anything they found, bringing even more debris into the ground. Arabella ran towards the survivors, reaching the store in a matter of seconds. She counted ten, but one looked too wounded to even stand up, and one seemed lost in his own world.

"Come with me," she pleaded the group, but they were too afraid to trust her.

The bird shrieked again and their ears filled with chaos. The deathly tail now swayed around, a blade that cut through the air with ease. The sting caught one of the soldiers and entered his chest, lifting him into the air before dropping him like an old rag doll.

Urgently, she repeated her plea and when the group proved too petrified to comply, she took one of them by the hand and forced her up. As if snapped out of their confusion, the rest soon followed and she led them out of the store and towards the edges of the square.

With the bird looming menacingly behind, Arabella tried to come up with a strategy to get as many people as she could away from the fight. She looked around her, trying to find anything that would aid her duty. Then she saw it. She stopped in her tracks and the group gasped and moaned, thinking the bird had found them.

But Arabella saw not a deadly machine, but one that might mean their salvation. Reaching the truck, she climbed aboard and prayed to every and any Gods that the engine still worked. She pressed the ignition button. Nothing happened. She tried again. Nothing. Frantically, she punched the button again and again, trying to get it to react. At last, the engine burst into life, more with a fizzle than with a bang, and the truck roared in anger.

Backing up, Arabella drove back to the group, who understood her silent command. They climbed aboard just as the bird's red glimmered from across the square. Turning the truck around, she advanced to where Livilla and Electa waited.

The women sat next to Arabella, who backed the truck again and headed towards the west side of the square. Beside them, the RoyalCorps aimed towards the machine's left wing and she gathered all her will to keep her eyes on the road and away from the fight.



"Look for survivors!" Her scream reached all her passengers, even as the battle raged on.

"There!" Livilla pointed towards the place where the Temple of Faith once stood. An even larger group hid behind the statue of Saint Olaf, patron of roses and Nylunds.

Stepping on the pedal, she gritted her teeth. This was only just beginning.

********

******** Eldon stepped out from the remains of the store with a death wish in his heart.

His head reeled and his entire world laid upside down. With each new step he took, a merciless drill pierced his temples. The taste of blood overpowered all of his senses, even the ones that remained a mystery to him. He saw the battle ahead, but he failed to really register it. He heard the soldiers' cries and the bird's roars, yet they did nothing to him. He witnessed the devastation, but his heart and soul remained untouched.

Eldon was an automaton. He acted out of duty and a shameless desire to win. He knew if he let his emotions get involved, he'd be unable to perform. He had a responsibility. This city, this kingdom now depended on him. So he ignored the smell of burning dreams and the screams that came out of worn out throats. He walked past the scorched victims and avoided the wreck and the stone, all that remained of this once glorious city of ivory.

He stood on the edge of the square. The metallic beast rampaged over the ruins of Leverfort. Under it, a group of RoyalCorps did their best to keep up with the furious attacks of the machine. But they could never win; it wasn't up to them. Timmy had not yet joined the fight and Eldon couldn't see the Marquise among the fighters.

Just like in his dream, it was up to him. Moments waiting to happen, indeed.

Moments waiting to happen, indeed. He drew a deep breath and wielded the spear that Nilla gave him during the scorpion raid. He took a step forward and prayed. He didn't believe in any God, but it couldn't hurt, could it? He prayed for every single soul in Ivoryport that he failed to save. He prayed for Nilla and Alder, for the Marquise and those she had in her life. He prayed for Tim. He wanted to see him again, hold him, kiss him, feel him. Love him. And he prayed for himself. Selfish, perhaps, but he really didn't want to die. Not in here. Not like this.

Reaching the bird, he realized he was about to spit directly in death's face and he stopped moving. His heart shrank, hands clinging to the spear. His breath shallowed. His core tightened. His feet hesitated. He hesitated. Then, Don Osgood's voice spoke from somewhere in the corners of time.

He Give them hell, kid. By God he would.

Give them hell, kid. Another deep breath. His last, perhaps? No time to wonder. Stay in the moment. He screamed and entered the war zone, jumping towards the machine, sticking his spear in one of its large wings. The creature roared and tried to shake him off, but he hung on. Then, balancing on his own weapon, he jumped and landed on the wing.

Stay in the moment. The machine released steam continuously, impairing his vision. Realizing he lacked time, he dropped the spear and wielded the guns that hung from his belt. Running to the joint where the wing met the rest of the body, Eldon directed all his shots to the same point. He fired until he ran out of bullets, then recharged and fired again.

The beast now moved erratically, flailing its wings, trying to get rid of the intruder. On the ground, chaos erupted again and he understood the beast was crushing the fighters. And the bullets laid at his feet, wasted, but the wing remained attached to the body, not even close to having any real damage. The spear would prove useless too. He'd need something bigger and sharper to detach that wing. Something heavier, stronger.



A scorpion's tail, perhaps.

Unlike the flightless wings, the machine's curved tail didn't swing wildly from side to side. Instead, it behaved strategically. It waited until it had a clear target, then launched its sharp sting. In and out in the blink of an eye. Eldon had to wait for the right time. He needed the tail to stretch so that he could lead it into the wing.

He headed towards the bird's back and slid down until he reached the point where the tail began. The sting hung directly above him, dangling menacingly. For a second, it seemed like it would launch itself at him. But that's the thing about machines: You could always rely on them to do what they're supposed to. And this one did.

The tail stretched, a new target on its sight, and Eldon seized the chance. He ran its entire length and held on to the sting. The, as it curved again, ready to strike, Eldon deviated it from its intended mark and towards its owner's wing. The sting crashed against the metal coating and went through it like a knife through paper.

The wing broke off just as Eldon let go of the tail, falling alongside the now useless piece of machinery. The bird roared in anger, as if it had a mind of its own. But the machine simply reacted to its now incomplete state and Eldon knew it.

"Master Eldon!"

He heard the familiar voice and his heart leapt with joy at the sight of the Marquise of Millingford. She drove a heavy truck loaded with people, including Princess Electa and Lady Livilla. Both held guns in a way that made it painfully obvious how much they didn't know how to shoot them. Still, they were alive and safe. Grinning stupidly, he ran towards the Marquise, taking advantage of the bird's momentary distraction.

didn't "This is a first for me, but I'm ecstatic to see you. Is this everyone left?"

"Everyone I could find," she replied, out of breath. "Lady Livilla will drive them out of the city. I shall stay here and fight alongside..."

"No," he said imperatively and she raised her eyebrows in response. "These people, they need you to survive. They're hurt and terrified. And nobles, which means they're pretty useless. They won't make it on their own." She tried to say something, but he cut her off. "If we fail, it'll be up to you to carry on with the fight. Get them out. Protect the Princess."

The Marquise's shallow, glossy eyes gave him nothing. Her rapid breathing, on the other hand, made it clear a battle raged on her insides. He understood her desire to fight, but there were bigger concerns. Finally, she sighed and grabbed onto the steering wheel.

"I shall wait for you on the outskirts of the city. And I expect you to arrive."

He drew a feeble smile that he almost meant. She gave him one last nod of understanding before driving the truck away from the fight, disappearing beyond a cloud of dust.

Eldon turned back to face the machine. It now looked directly at him, its tail ready to attack. He wielded his spear and pointed it at the bird, challenging it. The fighters that remained withdrew to the sides, desperate for some relief. Only he endured. It came up to this. Man against machine. Him against it. The moment no longer waited. It happened.

Prepared to face his destiny, he stopped in his tracks when he heard a scream filled with rage that came out from the other side of the square. The sound of a gun firing cut through the machine's roars and Master Nilla came out from the ruins of Leverfort, holding a gun so big she had to rest it in her shoulder to support its weight.

But the massive gun fired massive bullets and they all crashed against the bird's only remaining wing. Giant holes pierced its suddenly vulnerable metal skin. And Master Nilla advanced through the wreckage, hell walking by her side. Chin up, chest out, shoulders back, she bled but she wasn't hurt. She was beyond pain. She didn't stop and she didn't slow down. She kept shooting at the bird, all her anger and hatred poured into the bullets that came out of her obscenely large weapon.



Eldon's insides roared in victory when his eyes met hers. Her attack worked. The bird's wing fell off and crashed into the ground with a loud bang that raised yet another curtain of smoke and dirt. The now crippled machine seemed on the verge of collapsing: It staggered and vibrated with uncontrolled power. Eldon dared smile. Was victory theirs? Of course not. He really needed to curb his enthusiasm. A horrifying whistle filled the air. The very wail of despair. The bell that rang as the end neared. The machine released a cloud of steam so large, it might as well be another sky. Then Eldon understood. The bird wasn't collapsing. It was changing.

Where once there were wings, now two fat, sharp and menacing pincers came out. Half-bird, half-scorpion, the machine looked like a disgusting mix of the two. This was no dream. It was a nightmare.

The thing lifted its pincers and opened them. Lightning came out and Eldon lost all control of his body. The static covered the entire field. He was pulled down into the ground, his body numbing under the influence of the lightning bolts. Everything hurt. Kneeling, fighting. Existing. Blood came out of his eyes and mouth. Old battle wounds flourished once more and they too sobbed crimson tears. Soon, he'd run out of blood.

Existing. Could this be death? There was nothing left. He tried to cry or scream or do anything other than lay on the ground, helplessly. He couldn't. He was a sitting duck, waiting to be shot.

And then a loud boom squashed the machine's victory roars as a large blimp crashed against it, releasing him from its control. From the ground, Eldon watched as the two steel giants went down, locked in a fiery embrace.

A thunderous explosion blackened the sky but it was the whoosh that remained. Lost and out of himself, he felt the raspy earth in his hands, heard coughs and whimpers from the wounded. And, through the smoke and dust, saw red eyes glowing still.

********

******** Timothy's heart stopped. He shrank and became minimal. Hands holding onto the steering wheel, he saw the bird from his dreams rising over the ashes of Ivoryport.

But Emmu was right: This attack differed from their visions. Unlike the bird of his dreams, this one possessed no flight. Actually, and now that Timothy took a better look at the creature, it was very different to what he expected. It was even smaller than the one they destroyed in the scorpion's nest.

However, what it lacked in stature, it made up in menace. Claws just as sharp, beak just as hot. Most frightening was its tail, a scorpion's limb that had no place in a bird's body.

It no longer possessed wings, but pincers, just as big and even more dangerous. It opened them and bolts of lightning came out. Like the guns used against Royders, but ten, twenty, a hundred times stronger. With the rubble electrified, the figures in the square bent like branches and fell to their knees, defeated.

He fired some rounds, but the bird hid behind thick pincers. The flamethrower would make things more difficult for the fighters in the ground, so he couldn't use it either. The blimp was meant to give them a way to fight in the air, its weapons designed to be fired in the sky, away from any casual victims. A flightless bird made the blimp a lot less useful.

Timothy gritted his teeth so tightly, he thought they'd surely break. All this work for nothing. A bitter taste in his mouth. Palms bleeding from pressing the steering wheel too hard, eyes burning from tears that blurred his vision. But he didn't care. Nothing mattered, not even his foot on the pedal, or the savage, animalistic scream he released as the blimp sped through the wind on its way to meet the mechanical beast ahead.

He went blank, obeying his body and not his mind. The bird's damning figure became larger, until it covered the entire windscreen. And Timothy did nothing but watch as the two machines collided. Blimp met bird and his world diminished. A hail of glass and fire. A thunderous roar that he felt on his insides, echoing against his walls.



Timothy felt the crash in his whole body. The armour under his clothes protected him for the most part, but as the entire machine collapsed on top of him, he understood he'd need more than armour to survive this.

He dropped to the floor and hid under the dashboard, shrinking to half his size. He gasped for air and held on to dear life. The space turned into void and the vacuum enveloped him, swallowing him whole. Bang after bang filled his ears and he almost heard the sound of his insides twisting. He smelled the fire spreading through the cabin and when burnt wires filled his field of vision, the urgency of abandoning ship became clear.

Through the corner of his eye, he saw a dim glow piercing the darkness that was his world. With difficulty, he rolled himself closer to the light and gathered all his strengths to kick the already weak walls of the crashing blimp. After a few tries, the metal finally came undone. Timothy jumped into the ground just as the blimp became consumed by fire.

His bones felt the crash and he spat some blood into his own hands. The static from the bird's attack still lingered on the ruins, hindering movement. He clumsily tried to regain control, but his mistreated body screamed for help. A warm hand rested on his shoulder and he turned to see his sapphire's bloody face. An instant jolt of energy shot through him at the sight of his love and Timothy launched himself at Emmu, burying his face on the man's shoulder, drowning in his heat.

Behind them, the bird, still not fully destroyed, wrestled under the blimp's weight. Flames rapidly licked its metallic walls. The machine melted in front of their eyes. Victory laid ahead, so close they could practically reach for it.

"One last blow," Master Nilla's tired voice came from behind him. "That's all it takes."

Captain Batchelor, who bled profusely from both legs and had an ugly looking wound on his right side, commanded, not a trace of doubt in his voice. "RoyalCorps with me. Aim whatever bullets you still have and rip its fucking head off."

Master Nilla agreed. "We'll hit it where it's already exposed. One last blow."

Timothy felt Emmu's heat. He met his lover's gaze. Their hands intertwined. Their bodies synchronized. Their minds connected, unspoken words floating in the space above them.

Together with Nilla and Alder, they ran towards the dying machine. Behind them, the sound of guns firing made him turn back. The Shooter known as Viola and the young Viscount of Aronport were the only ones who seemed not on the verge of exhaustion. The rest of the men, including the heavily wounded Captain, were dead men walking.

Turning back to face the machine, Timothy prepared to land the killing blow.

"Go left," Master Nilla commanded and Timothy and Emmy complied.

Emmu went first. Using the bird's destroyed claw as a ramp, he jumped, landing atop the machine's body. His spear penetrated the ardent metal, again and again, wounding the already wounded. Timothy stayed in the ground. With no weapon of his own, he improvised. He took one of the broken claws and repeatedly stabbed the creature.

The bird made one last attempt to attack. Its pincers, the one part of its body that remained fully functional, fired new bolts of lightning. The crash, however, succeeded in damaging the machine's inner systems. What came out were bolts less potent and damaging than before. Timothy felt the static in his body but he was strong enough to fight it. His moves slowed down, but he remained on control.

Behind him, the rain of bullets decreased just as the head of the bird was about to come off. Battling the urge that made him want to fall on his knees and succumb to his pain, he sprinted and jumped as high as he could. The bird's claw entered its own body. Sliding down, Timothy teared the last remaining wires that attached the head to the body.

He landed on the floor and with him, the head of the creature. The entire body collapsed, spasming still as the machine's inner systems drew their last breaths. Molten metal formed a river of fire at his feet, as both the blimp and the bird faded away into the flames.

His breathing slowed down and his eyes struggled to stay open. His insides finally saw the opportunity to shatter and they intended to take it. In front of him, Alder's tired gaze found him and the two briefly locked eyes with each other.

Then everything happened so quickly. One of the pincers opened and, with the last remnants of power inside the bird's engine, hurled itself to the first thing it could find. Timothy and Nilla reacted at once and both ran to the same spot. They were too late. The pincer entered Alder's body and the machine fell at last, fulfilling its last act of cruelty.

Time seemed to stop. The old man remained standing for a few seconds, as if its body had not yet understood what happened. Then, like a meaningless twig, he bent and sank into the ground, his life stolen and his eyes still glowing with one last glimmer of hope.





A Flower with Thorns





Estella Rose Lovegrove sat on the throne that once belonged to her husband, patiently waiting for her scout to return.

Atop the ashes of victory, Estella hummed absentmindedly, her index finger playing with her hair as she looked at some point in the distance. Wind slipped through broken windows and cracked walls and leaves rattled against musky stone. The last breaths of this dying city. Smoke and dust floated around the room and a distinctive putrid smell filled the streets of the city previously known as Ivoryport. No longer pearly white, the capital of this lustrous kingdom might as well change its name to Ashport.

Ashport. I like the sound of it.

Ashport. I like the sound of it. She laughed through gritted teeth. She liked it too. Quite a lot. A suitable name. This city never was pure or clear. It always concealed its putrefaction underneath. The bird released it. It tore the ground apart, exposing its ugliness for the entire world to see.

Estella walked the deserted alleys only hours ago. Most of the bodies still decorated the streets. Crimson rivers flowed through the stone and little fires still burn everywhere. A strong smell of iron, piss and shit hovered over the rubble. She took her time and assessed the damage. It was bedlam. The glorification of the grotesque. A triumph for the senseless. The bird wasn't what it could've been, but it still proved effective.

She walked escorted by the two RoyalCorps who survived the attack, neither particularly strong nor capable. Captain Batchelor was nowhere to be found. If he survived the attack, and she had no doubt he did, then his allegiances were towards the Marquise.

Another man that thinks with his cock.

Another man that thinks with his cock. She laughed again and this time, she felt it in the tips of her fingers. What a strange time to be delighted. But what a delicious feeling it was. Indeed, men were simple-minded fools, whose actions were neither surprising nor effective. None of them could see beyond their little pricks. They certainly didn't this time. No man, or woman for that matter, realized what was to happen, not until it was too late. They arrived eventually, of course, but not soon enough to prevent the destruction of the city.

The ruins of Leverfort brought a bittersweet taste to her mouth. Alone with her own thoughts, she savoured her pleasure at seeing the place destroyed. This fort, which for so many gears was her prison, now rested in pieces, in the ground, insignificant and forgettable. Brought down in one afternoon. As simple as that. An entire kingdom brought to its knees. And by a woman, no less. A woman and her blue friend.

Aren't we something?

Aren't we something? She smiled at the voice. "We certainly are."

And they were. In the solitude of this fortress, in a city now deserted, alone with her own power, Estella felt more alive than ever before. Running her fingers through her silky, long hair, her other hand travelled the corners of her invigorated body. How firm it felt, desirable once more. What once withered away now thrived in full bloom. Being the host to her blue friend certainly had its advantages.

The small, tired figure that appeared in the distance brought her out of her mind palace and back to reality. She intertwined her fingers, feigning concern.

"What news?"

"Most of the city's centre rests on the ground, collapsed, Your Grace," the young man spat broken words out of his bleeding mouth. "The outer edges, however, remain intact. The machine reached them not."

She pursed her lips. Pity , she thought and the voice imitated. "Any survivors?"

Pity "Some. Low chances they'll make it through the night, though. And there's still no sight of Princess Electa or the Lady Livilla." He stopped and licked his lips, his eyes travelling to the floor for an instant, before going back up. "Some of the survivors mentioned a truck leaving the city during the heat of the battle. They said a fancy-looking woman drove it and it was full of passengers."



Sneaky little bitch.

Sneaky little bitch. "Neither Electa nor the Lady know how to drive, I'm certain."

The soldier swayed back and forth. "The Marquise might. She's an active sort of woman."

Estella rolled her eyes, her hands clinging to the arms of the throne. "Any idea of the truck's whereabouts?"

"Probably headed to the nearest town. Iron's Mouth would be my guess." The young man's eyes went up, his swaying increasing. "I don't think they'd make it as far as Gutterton, not in what would surely be a mistreated truck."

Estella crossed her legs, her tongue licking her teeth inside her mouth. "What I'm about to say is a delicate matter, soldier. As of now, this information remains a secret. But you, my brave fellow, deserve to know. We in the Royal Family have reason to believe the Marquise Arabella Phoebe Sparks, of Millingford, might be behind the attack on the city."

What little colour remained on the soldier's face left him instantly. "Your Grace?"

"My son and I believe, and have done so for quite a while now, that the Marquise and the Viscount of Aronport are entangled in an indiscreet affair. Together they planned a coup and used Princess Electa as a pawn in their games. They killed my husband, then planted the evidence on my three deceased sons, all so that Electa could become Queen."

The young man gasped for words, mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water. "But the Marquise fought alongside us in this very room. Your sons... the Princes were..."

"Were what?"

Her words could cut metal. Her mouth was a gun and she fired to kill. The soldier looked at her with rapidly blinking eyes, his lips quivering as fear-soaked words struggled to come out. She could smell his sweat, even from across the room.

"Well," he said, hands fidgeting, eyes barely resisting her gaze, "sick. You said so yourself."

Estella assumed an ironic tone. "Did I? I don't remember saying such a thing. And considering everyone in the city is either dead or dying, I don't suppose they remember either. Do you?"

The soldier gulped. "Your Grace?"

"Do you remember me saying those words? Those exact words?" She stood up and climbed down the steps, walking towards the soldier. "Would you bet your life on it?"

Her icy glare froze the man on the spot and she tasted his fear in her mouth. After a few seconds of intense internal deliberation, the man finally shook his head, his lips shut.

"I would never speak ill of my children." She approached the soldier and grabbed his hand. The young soldier jumped at her warm touch. "This was the Marquise's doing."

"But h-how did she manage to build the machine? She wasn't an engineer."

"But her close friend, Petronilla Eugenia Massey, was. A rather famous one, I must say. Recently widowed, I hear." She relished the sound of those words. "Did you or did you not receive reports from heavy machinery stationed on the inside of the Marquise's manor in Ravenport?" The man nodded. "And did you not find tools and equipment hinting at the construction of a large, possibly flying machine?" He nodded again.

She walked back to her seat of power, slipping the soldier's mind through her delicate fingers. She needn't say anything more. The seed was planted. The flower would bloom in time. Back in the throne, she took a moment to watch the boy's open wounds.

It would be so easy to infect him. One drop of blood, that's all it took. But the obvious approach proved ineffective. Nothing good came out of parading their abilities around. That only made them easier targets. Sitting ducks for the Marquise to shoot.



This time, their decisions would be careful and planned. No rushing, no sudden acts of recklessness. A delicate touch was necessary. And what was more delicate than a flower?

"Go," she said, waving her hand carelessly. "Call for the SteelCorps. Tell them their Queen commands their presence in Ashport..."

"Ashport, Your Grace?"

She raised her eyebrows and pointed at the destruction around them. "Do you think there's enough ivory left in this place to warrant the name? Tell them their Queen commands their presence in Ashport. We have a war to fight and plans to make. I want them here tomorrow..."

"But Your Grace, the ride from Steelheart would take at least two days..."

She raised her voice, tired of this foolishness. "Look around you, little boy! Is there time for us to sit and wait? Do you perhaps wish for our enemies to catch us off guard again? Do you want to die?"

The soldier shook his tired head and waited not another moment. He did the RoyalCorp salute, before running out of the throne room, or rather away from the throne, since there was really no room left.

Are you certain we shouldn't just make them one of us?

Are you certain we shouldn't just make them one of us? She mocked her friend's ignorance. "What good did it do you to show off? You bestowed all these gifts upon my sons. And? They still fell. We do things my way and I guarantee this kingdom will be ours in the blink of an eye. But we need to take a different approach. Not physical, but diplomatic. We needs allies, connections. Bridges."

I suppose you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.

I suppose you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar. "You can catch even more with shit. And I happen to know someone who's one big asshole."

Steps in the distance made her turn her gaze to the point where the soldier vanished only seconds ago. Buford walked towards her, pulling the scared little girl from the arm.

"Ah, my sweet Caroline. Good times never seemed so good. Come here girl. You're just the pretty face I wanted to see."

The dark-skinned girl tripped on her dress while walking towards her and Estella couldn't suppress the desire to laugh out loud. The girl's eyes widened, lines forming between her eyebrows. Her nose wrinkled and her mouth opened, but no words flew across the space.

"Your Grace?" She said, kneeling in front of the throne, at Estella's feet.

"My sweet girl, no need for you not to be familiar. We are close, you and I. Friends. A bond joins us. That's what I think." Her smile faded. "Don't you?"

"Of course, Your Grace," she said, swallowing her concerns.

"And why wouldn't you? Now, Caroline, dear, I know you spoke to me about your desires to leave my side and while I fully support the idea of your emancipation, I'm afraid I'll be unable to grant it. You see, I need your help. Something big is coming, my dear, and lots of hands will be necessary to build this new world I envision. From the ashes we shall rise, grander and better than before. And there's a role for you to play in this new world. Besides me. Your friend. Your mentor. Your Queen."

The girl's eyes shrunk as her little brain struggled to understand. Estella acted quickly: her hands grabbed Caroline by the face and the girl let out a fleeting scream that spread through the open space above them. Still, Estella's blue heart remained untouched. She didn't enjoy the girl's pain or her fright, but she knew it was momentary. Soon enough, this scared little girl would become something else.

Something more.

"Open your mouth." The girl's face shined with sweat, and a few droplets slid into Estella's hands. "Caroline, dear, don't make this difficult. Open your mouth."

Her voice was low, almost a hiss, and the girl's body responded to the threat. Slowly, Caroline parted her lips, revealing the black void behind. Her jaw trembled as pitiful whimpers left her fragile body.

"Ready?" Estella asked, ignoring the sounds that kept coming out of the girl's mouth.

Ready , the voice replied.

Ready Her core tightened. As if an invisible chord was being pulled in her insides, she felt a tide of liquid power climbing through her chest, heating it as it made its way through her throat and into her open mouth.

Estella saw as the blue blood exited her body and entered Caroline's. The girl's eyes screamed in terror as the tide overflowed her. She tried to break free from Estella's hold, but she was no match.

Estella now thrived. She glimmered with newfound confidence, the power that came with the company she now kept. No longer withered. Not even blooming anymore, but fully grown and mature. A flower with thorns.

The blood finished its journey from Estella's insides into the girls'. She finally let go and Caroline dropped to the floor, a pool of blue forming underneath her. The girl's body spasmed as Indigo danced around her body, becoming acquainted with her entrails.

Estella smiled at a job well done. She leaned back and crossed her legs again. In front of her, towering over Caroline's broken body, Buford looked at the scene, his head tilted to the side, his hands playing with the borders of his jacket.

"The SteelCorps arrive tomorrow." Estella raised her voice to overpower the girl's cries. "We shall leave them clear instructions of how Makina should be run in our absence."

Buford frowned, his hands closing into fists. "Where are we going?"

"I'm not exactly sure where you're heading off to. It shall depend on Electa's next step. You're to hunt her down and bring her to me. Alive. " Knowing her son's brutish ways, she stressed the final word with particular care, provoking a menacing growl from Buford. "My guess is the Marquise and her group shall do everything in their power to protect your dear sister. They'll try to place her on this very throne, which means they'll need supporters. Noble houses, the older, the better. Probably they'll go for the ones in Makina before trying with the foreign ones. Track them while they're still in here. Don't let them leave the continent for any reason. Am I making myself clear?"

Alive. Burford nodded, his thin lips disappearing into his skin.

"Good. Our friend Caroline here," she pointed at the floor, where the girl rested in the fetal position, still enduring the uncomfortable process, "will head to Grenage, to meet with the Guild of Engineers. We'll need to earn their allegiance. If we're to fight a war, we'll need weapons."

"Where will you go?" Buford asked, his gaze back to the whimpering creature at his feet.

"Petrol. I'm paying an old friend a long-overdue visit."

As the girl's sobs quieted, Estella turn her eyes to the grey clouds. Drops fell on her and she couldn't help but laugh. The skies were crying. She had made heaven itself weep.

We'll need another weapon. Another bird.

We'll need another weapon. Another bird. She rolled her eyes in exhaustion. Had her friend learnt nothing?

"Of course we don't. No killing machine will be necessary. You have a long way to go before you fully understand humans, my friend."

What is that supposed to mean?

What is that supposed to mean? She bit her lower lip, her feet dancing under her skirt. "You want to see this world burn, don't you? I do too. You think this big machine is needed, some great weapon of mass destruction. But you're wrong. The answer is much easier."

Is it really? Do tell.

Is it really? Do tell. Lightning lit the heavens. Thunder shook the earth. And Estella Rose Lovegrove looked up and bathed herself in the tears of the Gods.

"If you put a match in every person's hand, they'll set the world on fire themselves. All you need to do is sit back and watch the flames go wild."





A Heavy Rock





The cave was damp and cold. Very cold. Still better than any place out there, though.

Eldon sat on a rock, his back rested against the moist walls. This was day three on the cave. Droplets of water fell on top of his head from time to time, reminding him that there indeed was an outside that they would eventually have to return to. He couldn't say he particularly looked forward to it.

The mood was bleak. Alder's death hit them hard. Nilla, quite possibly the strongest woman Eldon had ever met, pulled herself together as best as she could. Still, she looked positively exhausted; her bloodshot eyes reflected fatigue well beyond her years. Dark shadows and sunken cheeks proved that she hadn't slept a single minute or tasted a single bite during the last three days. And although all of them had left the cave at least once, Nilla remained inside at all times, as if terrified from the sunlight. Still, she coped. She managed. She even smiled from time to time.

Then there was Tim. The silver-haired man had formed quite the bond with the old man. Eldon suspected Tim even began to see Alder as not only a friend or mentor, but something more meaningful. That meant this was the third father figure that Tim lost, so despite his best efforts, he was on the verge of breaking. He cried at night and when he managed to sleep, he woke up shaking and soaked in sweat. Eldon's heart broke every time Tim clung to him, pressing him tightly, as if afraid of losing him.

As for the Marquise, her perfect mask remained unaltered. Back straight and shoulders back, Arabella's eyes never met the ground. Eldon knew that, perhaps, she suffered the most. She, who wasn't in the fight, who didn't even get the chance to defend the man who was, for all terms and purposes, her father. Eldon found herself alone with her on day two. After hesitating for a few seconds, he simply walked to her and hugged her. She remained frozen, neither fully accepting the hug, nor rejecting it. After some seconds, she muttered a soft Thank You and dried the tears that overflowed from her eyes.

Thank You It didn't help that all the people that she helped escape, all those noblemen and women who she took to safety, away from the bird's attack, turned on her the minute Queen Estella called for her arrest. Accusing her and the Viscount of Aronport of not only being the orchestrators of the attack, but also of the murderers of her husband and three sons, the Withered Flower launched a hate campaign against the young woman, one her bloodthirsty zealots were only too happy to join.

Through it all, Arabella remained cool-headed. It soon became obvious that her fight for tranquillity was becoming harder with each new day. She wasn't surprised at the people's reaction to the accusations, but she seemed shocked at the Queen's actions.

Still, she swallowed her hurt and betrayal, choosing instead to rely on her strong façade, something Eldon knew would not end well for her. The young Marquise earned his admiration, but he wanted to give her something else. He wanted to be there for her. She, who had lost so much in so little time. But he couldn't think of anything to give to her. Only his shoulder, should she ever need one to cry on.

Night fell upon them. The cave, already dark during the day, became the birthplace of nightmare at nights, providing them with the perfect hideaway. All eight sat around the bonfire that Eldon lit in the cave's northern side. Dinner consisted of fried fish and wild mushrooms that Shooter Viola gathered over the course of the day. They ate mostly in silence. Every once in a while, Captain Batchelor's whimpers would bring a chill to their bodies, for they were a sombre reminder that the man was not yet out of danger.

Eldon's sight went from the fish in his hands to the cave's entrance. Any minute now, Tim's face would appear. He left in the morning, on a reconnaissance mission. Eldon had gone the previous day. As the only two members of the group who were not yet recognized by the Queen and her son, Eldon and Tim were the only ones who could walk the streets of Ivoryport in a somewhat safe way.



Usually, they tried to go back to the cave before night fell, so when the moon rose and Tim was still out there, Eldon's mind travelled to the dark place. His foot furiously tapped against the ground and he had barely touched his fish; his appetite was non-existent. His tongue constantly licked his already overly wet lips and his fingers all exhibited blood stains from his excessive biting. Still, he did his best to remain calm. Nothing good came from worrying. Tim would be back any moment now. He knew it.

"Not hungry?" The Lady Livilla asked, her wide, prominent eyes fixated on him.

Eldon felt touched by the woman's concern. "I'm waiting for Tim."

She smiled bitterly as her eyes went back to the fire. "It's nice, what you two have. How long have you been together?"

"In some ways, I think our entire lives." Eldon's words must've sounded nonsensical to the Lady, but she still shook her head in understanding.

"I can tell you love each other dearly. You can't hide love, you see. Your face just brightens when you see him. As if your entire world was complete."

Captain Batchelor tried to move and the Marquise rapidly went to his aid. The Lady's eyes then stayed on them and another gentle smile touched the corners of her lips.

"Love seems to be all around. It's who you care for, you know. Who you protect. And thank God for it. We all could use some love right now."

Eldon took a bite of the fish as the room went quiet again. In front of him, Nilla's eyes were lost somewhere in the flames, her mind miles away from the cave. Beside her, the frail Princess Electa rested her head on the Viscount's chest, the two seemingly dozed off. On the other side, the Marquise helped the Captain up, while Shooter Viola passed him one of the largest fishes.

Small acts of kindness. That's all it took. And in this dark night, in these dark times, the darkest of his life, he appreciated them all the more. Those glimmers of hope really were a spark in the night.

The sound of steps made him turn again. His heart leaped when Tim finally crossed the cave's entrance. He ran to him and the two hugged tightly, no words necessary. Tim's troubled eyes didn't go unnoticed and Eldon tried to hold on to the hug for as long as he could, for Tim came bearing news that would certainly change it all.

"How bad is it?" Nilla asked as they made their way back to the fire.

"Pretty bad." Tim ran a hand through his silver hair before accepting the fish that Shooter Viola offered. "The RoyalCorps have orders to kill on sight. This morning, Buford declared Captain Batchelor and Shooter Viola traitors to the SteelCorps. Their rank has been revoked and a bounty placed on their heads."

"How much are they offering?" Viola asked and Tim frowned at the question. "Call it morbid curiosity."

"Fifty thousand gold screws."

The woman smirked. "For the two of us? I really thought it'd be more."

"They offer fifty thousand for Lady Livilla, too. Dead or alive." Tim went on and the woman shivered at the sound of her name. "For the famous engineer, Petronilla Eugenia Massey, one hundred thousand dead. They're blaming you entirely for the bird's construction."

"As we knew they would," Nilla said through gritted teeth, no emotion clear in her face.

"And for the two of you," Tim said, pointing to the Marquise and the Viscount, "it's five hundred thousand. Alive. The Queen seems to have specific plans for you."

"I doubt she cares about me," the young Viscount said. "She wants the Marquise. But she's selling this bullshit about the two of us being star-crossed lovers. She needs to keep appearances. What about Electa?"



"Five hundred thousand for the Princess, also alive."

"They still don't know about us, then?" Eldon asked and his love shook his head.

"Apparently not. If the Queen or Buford know about our existence, they're choosing to keep it to themselves." The words floated above them for a few seconds, during which Tim stayed silent, probably giving them some time to assimilate the news. Then, he spoke again. "That's not all. The Queen is leaving Makina."

They all jumped at once. Eldon almost dropped his fish, which would've been terrible, considering the loud complains his stomach made now that Tim was back at his side. He swallowed his mushrooms without chewing them properly, before asking.

"Why? Where is she going?"

Tim shrugged. "I don't know. I heard some RoyalCorps speaking about the plans for her departure. She's travelling by sea. She leaves from Ironport in three days' time."

"Sea," Captain Batchelor mumbled as he struggled to swallow his bite. "That means Petrol, most likely. Grenage and Chroneast are too far away to reach them by sea."

"Is she travelling by herself?" Arabella asked, her eyes on the fire.

"Apparently. From what I heard, Buford is staying here."

Nilla spoke after another prolonged bit of silence. "Someone has to go to Petrol. Keep an eye on her. Find out what she's after and get to it before her, if possible."

More silence. Eldon's eyes went around the room. All eight sitting around the fire seemed lost in their own heads, battling demons that only they could see.

"Any takers?" The Viscount broke the quietness.

"I'll go." Eldon heard himself speak. Fifteen pair of eyes turned to him and he took his time to meet each of them. "Someone has to. I'm unknown to her. I can track her, find out what she's after. Plus, there's something useful in Petrol, if we're truly meant to fight a war."

Shooter Viola understood immediately. "Black Alloys."

Eldon nodded. "With the Alloys on our side, we can have an entire army at our disposal."

"And you plan to recruit them to our cause?" The Captain asked, eyebrows raised in irony.

"I don't have two. The Alloys are mercenaries. They respond to money. Offer them enough and they'll turn on their own mothers, if necessary."

"Dangerous people to have on our side," the Viscount said, but Eldon was convinced.

"If we don't get to them, she will. Chances are she's heading to Petrol to hire them, or worse, infect them. We need them on our side."

The Captain remained unconvinced. "And you think you can beat her in a bidding war?"

Eldon gave a very toothy smile. "I'm good at negotiating. I can handle her."

"I'll go with you," Tim said and Eldon forced himself to reject his offer.

"You can't. Someone still needs to take the blood samples to the Guild of Physicians in Grenage. You remain unknown to her. The samples are safe with you."

"I shall accompany you, Don Timothy," Nilla said, her hands rubbing her arms, trying to comfort herself. "We shall take the opportunity and address the Guild of Engineers too."

"An order has been placed for your arrest, Master," Arabella said but Nilla cut her off.

"As a member of the Guild, I should get be granted the chance to plea my case. We need to guarantee their support. They'll listen to one of their own. I'll be fine, Ara."



"We'll have to fly there. We need an aeronef."

Tim's request was answered by the Viscount. "I have one. It's hidden under Hammerlock, so even if the RoyalCorps raided the castle, it should still be there."

"You'll be coming with us, then," Nilla commanded. The young man opened his mouth, apparently wanting to say something else, but he stopped himself. Instead, he simply placed his hand on Electa's and squeezed it gently.

"I think it's a good idea. Estella will expect Electa to be with me. If I'm seen in Grenage, we might be able to throw the Royals off her scent."

"Giving me the perfect chance to safely sneak her out of Makina and into Chroneast," Arabella finished and the Viscount nodded. "We need to reach your uncle Ruther, Princess. He needs to support your claim to the throne. We get him and we get half the noble houses in Makina."

"I'll come with you," the Captain straightened with great difficulty, but his face showed no signs of hesitation. "I may seem like a liability now but give me two days and I'll be good as new." Arabella put her hand gently on his shoulder, before nodding in agreement.

Having finished his fish, Eldon rubbed his hands together. "Lady Livilla will go with you..."

"No." The Lady's words took them all by surprise. Turning towards her, she spoke with shaky but well-thought words. "I have connections in Petrol, Master Eldon. I can get us safe passage through the sea, and lodging once we get there."

Eldon looked at her wide, glossy eyes and tried to think of gentle words to reject her offer.

"My Lady, I appreciate your help, but..."

"Please, Master Eldon," she said, swallowing and looking at him with the expression of a deer in front of the rifle, "let me be useful. I can help you."

He let out a deep sigh and gave up. What was the use in turning her away? He could always use some company. "I'm sure you will, My Lady."

It was Viola's turn to speak. "I pledged my gun to Lady Livilla. Wherever she goes, I go."

Eldon clapped and smirked at the unlikely trio. "Then it's off to races, laces."

All nine went back to their thoughts and any trace of conversation faded away with the fire. One by one, they fell asleep, and when he was sure they all were deep in slumber, he got up and walked to the cave's entrance with Tim behind him. Alone at last, they needed to speak before they each parted on their respective journeys.

"How are you feeling?" He asked and Tim grimaced at the question.

"I'm not really sure, to be honest. I don't love the idea of parting ways with you, especially now. But we do what we have to, don't we?"

Eldon grabbed his love's hand and pulled him closer. Tim grabbed him by the waist and their bodies met, pressed tightly against each other. This warmth would be sorely missed once they separated. Eldon had gotten used to sleeping in Tim's arms.

"There's not much to do around here. I've been doing a lot of reading in these three days."

Tim frowned at those words. "Reading? What could you possibly be reading in here?"

"That book I brought back from 1979. It's a diary. Written by one Monica Knight."

It took Tim some seconds to recognize the name. When he did, his jaw went to the floor. "Wasn't that the name written on your bracelet? The one you came in here with?"

"It was indeed. Monica Knight was my birth mother."

"But how can that be? Unless..." he stopped talking and his blue eyes went to the moon above them, before coming back down to him. "You don't think that woman we saw in the alley... well, you don't think that was her, your mother, do you?"



Eldon sighed and placed his hands on Tim's chest. "Actually, that's exactly what I think. I told you I heard a voice in the tunnel, calling me. I think it was her. She called for me with her dying breath. She wanted me to have it, the diary. She wanted me to know."

"But how did she end up in 1979?" Tim asked, his mind still struggling to understand.

"I have no idea. But I'm hoping the diary will hold some answers, not only about that, but also about the parasite. We know she played a role in its release. Perhaps the diary holds the answer to more than one secret."

Eldon took advantage of their proximity and studied Tim's face: The horizontal wrinkles on his forehead, his delicate nose, the lines in the corners of his blue eyes. He ran his fingers through Tim's soft, wavy silver hair before lowering them. Finding his love's soft skin, Eldon graced the light beard that spread through Tim's chin before tracing the full, wet, beckoning lips that were both his blessing and his demise.

"What was that?" Tim asked as their foreheads met.

"I just want to memorize every detail of your face. I don't want to miss a thing."

Tim's hands travelled across his back and Eldon knew they both had the same thought.

"I'm going to miss you, Emmu," Tim whispered in his ear and Eldon's skin reacted to the warm breath on his ear.

"Give me something to hold on to," he said as his hands began undoing Tim's pants. "One last night. Make it last."

The time for words ended. Their lips touched and Eldon became lost in the intoxicating fervour of Tim's kiss. Before they knew it, they were laying on the ground, naked, locked in a passionate embrace that would be torn come morning.

But for now, they belonged to each other. The night was theirs. This moment would never return. This heat, this passion, it would leave with the sun. So they hid under the night's blanket and slept in its darkness. And when the moon said goodbye at last, they parted ways as old friends, knowing that all three would meet again. Someday. Somehow.

********

******** Four more days passed and the cave was now nearly empty.

Eldon, Viola and Lady Livilla were the only ones that remained. Tim, Master Nilla and the Viscount were first to leave. They abandoned the cave the day after Eldon and Tim's night together. They said their goodbyes and made their promises, and when Tim stepped out of the cave, he took a part of Eldon with him.

Two days later, the Marquise, Princess Electa and a considerably recovered Captain Batchelor left under the cover of night. Eldon knew those three would have it hardest, but if there was a soul on Earth capable of taking on that challenge, it was surely Arabella.

Now, alone in the cave, Eldon and the two women sat around the dying fire, sharing their last meal in the cold space. Once night fell, they'd leave the cave and journey to Gutterton, where Shooter Viola knew some shady characters that could give them safe passage to Tinkerton, hometown of Lady Livilla. From there, they'd board the Maria, a trade vessel that would take them away from Makina and into the unknown of Petrol.

Eldon's stomach refused to accept another day of fish, so he chose not to eat on that last afternoon. His mind was far away from the cave. His thoughts were in some random alley in 1979, trying to remember the face of some random woman who, against all odds, proved to be everything but.

How did everything get so fucked up? A fortnight ago, Tim and Eldon planned to travel to Grenage together and a glimmer of hope guided their way. Now, things seemed to get darker by the second and even Eldon admitted their chances of winning were slim.

Still, and in spite of everything, he managed to smile. His gesture did not go unnoticed by the women in front of him.

"Is something funny?" Shooter Viola asked and Eldon turned to face her.

"I'm just thinking of what awaits us. All of us. Things are not looking good, I must say."

"How is that funny?" The woman raised her one good eyebrow as Lady Livilla surrounded her legs with her arms, resting her head on her knees.

that Eldon smiled again. "It isn't, I suppose. But it could be. It's the way you see things, you know? This world is uphill. And life is a heavy rock. And you're here, pushing it upwards with all your strength. Some reach the top and they disappear beyond the hill. Others get too tired and they simply stop pushing and the rock crushes them. And some others are even foolish enough to think they'll be able to pick the pebbles. And some just complain about how the heaviness of the rock, or the steepness of the hill. They just cry and nag and make the whole thing a torture. Then there are those who choose not to see the rock. They see the blue sky above them, the green grass at their feet. They feel the cool breeze on their cheeks and the sunlight in their faces. They yell encouraging words at those beside them. You can do it. Keep pushing. You'll get there. If you're real lucky, you can find someone to push alongside you and you may find that two rocks become lighter when there's four hands in the mix. This battle is just beginning, I know. Chances are we're all going to die. Even so... I guess what I'm saying is I'm still here. And I'm still pushing."

You can do it. Keep pushing. You'll get there. The fire died. With one look, the three of them realized they were now life companions in the business of surviving. A bond joined them, one that was hard to break. The chain kept them together. Eldon stood up and reached out to the women. They accepted his offer. No further words were necessary. The three now held hands.

Staring at the road ahead, they held on to each other. Then, taking one last look at the cave, they stepped out into the darkness and into the shaky uncertainty of a dim tomorrow.





