Title: A Twist Of Marvel Infinity War

Prologue

"I'm trying to decide if screwing with that cult was a good idea or not."

Naomi Swanson is fresh out of college, working as an assistant in a small paper supply company and inhaling coffee by the gallons. When an accidental run-in with what appeared to be a cult knocked her out, Naomi woke up in a world she had only seen through screens.

Now armed only with her phone and a shitty data plan, Naomi tries not to be killed as she comes face-to-face with the Avengers and so much more.


1. The MCU





Naomi stood impatiently, pinching the bridge of her nose with two fingers as she huffed. Generally speaking, she was quite a polite person, but it really wasn't her day today. She was standing inside of a Starbucks, squished in line with about a dozen other people who looked just as tired as she was. Though she doubted that they could be, seeing as they probably didn't make the mistake of screwing with a cult this morning.

She supposed it wasn't her fault exactly though, it wasn't as if the people held up neon signs proclaiming, 'We are a cult! We're crazy!' They just stood in an alleyway drawing on the walls. Naomi thought they were graffiti artists or something, who could blame her? Either way, some shit went down and she ended up passing out, but only for a couple seconds. The freaky cult didn't even steal anything from her, so she kinda figured she was fine. Maybe they implanted her with something, but at the moment she didn't really care. She hadn't had any coffee today yet- and that was by far the scariest part of today.

Finally she arrived at the front of the line, her brown bob-cut swishing over her shoulders as she ordered a straight black coffee with five shots of expresso. Naomi wasn't screwing around today. Walking around the counter to wait, her sunglasses prevented her from dealing with awkward eye contact or overall human interaction. It wasn't as though she despised talking with people, it just required energy that she definitely did not have at the moment.

So to entertain herself she pulled out her phone, as any rational person would do. To some of the people around her, it might have seemed as if she were someone important, checking for emails from an assistant or a party invitation from Rihanna. But in reality, she was only an assistant herself, so her 'I'm too important for you' vibes were actually 'I put up with so much shit from my boss that I don't have any leftover shits for you' vibes. Very easy to mix up. Either way, her tired college student outfit clearly spoke that she wasn't in any contact from Rihanna.

Worn converse, leggings and a white T-shirt that proclaimed, 'Tom Hiddleston is my boyfriend' was all Naomi had the energy for today, and generally every other day she didn't have work to dress up for. Of course, she only wished Tom Hiddleston was her boyfriend, or really any of the Marvel men. How could one ever really choose? Naomi certainly didn't know how. The marvel cast and movies were some of the only things that she cared about- that and her friends and family and stuff. Also her daily coffee, which was now prepared, as the barista called out her name, snapping her attention away from stan twitter. Stepping up to grab her drink, the barista looked at her shirt, and frowned.

"Who's Tom Hiddleston?" She asked, moving to grab the next order as she looked at Naomi. Shocked, Naomi's mouth fell open as she lowered her sunglasses. For a second, she thought she might drop her coffee.

"The most polite triple threat actor in the Marvel cinematic universe." She answered, sliding her sunglasses back up and sipping her coffee. How unbelievable that a millennial in today's day and age would be so uneducated. However, the barista only seemed more confused by her reply.

"The what cinematic universe?" She asked, sounding genuine. This only served to surprise Naomi even more. It was one thing to not know the cast of Marvel, but to not even know of Marvel was actually a little concerning. She was caught off guard, clearing her throat and taking another sip of her coffee, really tasting the espresso.

of "You know, like Iron man and Captain America and all of them." Naomi explained, also catching the attention of several other people in the Starbucks. The barista's eyes widened, and her demeanor instantly changed.

"Well I know Iron man, but Captain America is a criminal now," her tone was hushed, and she leaned over the counter to avoid the rest of the customers. "It's best not to mention the Avengers. It's a touchy subject around here." Having given her warning, the barista leaned away and went back to filling the next order, leaving Naomi thoroughly confused.

She left the Starbucks biting her lip, mulling over the strange advice with her coffee in hand. Perhaps the barista was simply pulling her leg, but Naomi wasn't so sure. She genuinely seemed as though she was worried about speaking about the avengers. Also, the fact that she knew the avengers but didn't know Marvel was wildly bizarre. It was enough to distract Naomi to the point where she ran into someone.

Thankfully her coffee lid did it's job, and no serious damage was done, but there was certainly damage to Naomi's heart when she realized who she ran into.





2. Punk'd





"Tom Holland?" Naomi gasped, throwing off her sunglasses in awe of the British actor before her. However Tom, who had just been about to apologize for running into her, looked very confused.

"Im sorry, what?" He asked, in a clear American accent. Naomi paused, clearly thrown off. Heartbeat still erratic from literally running into the Spiderman actor, she cleared her throat and tried again.

"Tom Holland, you're Tom Holland!" She exclaimed, though a small part of her questioned it. Despite her rational thoughts, the guy in front of her seemed more like Peter Parker than Tom Holland. Which was, of course, impossible.

"Im sorry no, my name is Peter, uh, nice to meet you?" Peter extended his hand toward her, a slightly nervous smile on his face. Naomi widened her eyes, and examined him with a slightly alarmed look. He was wearing a graphic T-shirt, which read 'If you believe in telekinesis, please raise my hand,' paired with a baggy army green jacket, blue jeans and dirty sneakers. Based on Naomi's memory of Tom Holland's fashion sense, which was quite good thank you, it wasn't an outfit he would have picked. He also had quite the aura of innocence, and a genuinely young and excited spark in his eyes.

Narrowing her eyes, she accepted Peter's hand, and after a firm shake, asked him the only logical question she could come up with. "Am I on Punk'd or something?"

"Uh no, why? And who's Tom Holland?" Poor Peter looked extremely confused, and slightly worried that this woman was crazy. Naomi pursed her lips, peering around for a hidden camera and silently praying there was one. That barista chick kinda spooked her, and it was awfully early to be spooked. When there was no camera to be found, only a maybe 17 year old superhero looking at her like she was mental. And who's to say? Maybe by this point she was.

Energy draining quick, Naomi took another swig of her hot coffee before answering Peter. "He's the actor that portrays Peter Parker, aka Spiderm-" She was cut off by Peter frantically waving his hands in her face, shushing her in an overly dramatic fashion. Hesitantly, he grabbed her hand, and Naomi almost smirked at how uncomfortable he looked to be dragging someone away from a crowd. She went perfectly willingly, taking the opportunity to chug more of her coffee before it went from scalding to hot.

They stopped just inside of an alleyway, far enough from the public eye not to be heard, but still close enough to people that it wasn't creepy. Naomi wasn't worried though, the coffee gave her enough energy to fight if Peter Parker-Tom Holland whoever turned shifty. His eight-pack meant nothing to Naomi, she would kick his ass in a fight, especially with five shots of espresso fueling her.

"How did you know that? Who are you" Peter asked, his stern demeanor wasted since Naomi was clearly a couple inches taller than him, and he had to look up to her. Naomi was quite naturally tall, towering over most men at a solid six feet without heels.

"Look, ah, Peter. My name is Naomi Swanson, and you can cut the act. I'm fully aware that Spiderman and the Avengers and all that isn't real, love the movies but its not real. This is truly an elaborate prank I have to say-" Peter interrupted her once again, his expression a mixture of concerned and cautious.

"What do you mean movies? How-how can you say we're not real?" He seemed almost offended, especially that she called the Avengers fake. Naomi straightened, beginning to become actually concerned. Tom wasn't dropping the act, and there were no cameras or microphones to be found. Clearing her throat, she continued on.

"Because super-heros don't exist, its all from the marvel comic books, all the way back to the 1940's." Naomi spoke slowly, as if she were explaining it to a child. By now, the star wonder of meeting Tom Holland had dulled and she was getting tired of being Punk'd, or at least hopefully she was. "Spiderman is a comic book character, and so is his civilian ego Peter Benjamin Parker."

Peter looked extremely concerned now, especially at hearing his middle name. Opening his mouth and closing it several times, Naomi waited patiently as he contemplated what to do. Finally he looked at her seriously. "Wait here." Peter proceeded to walk further down the alley, stopping several feet away to pull out his phone. Naomi watched as he texted someone frantically, muttering to himself, and peeking back at her randomly. She chuckled a bit at him, laughing off her very real concerns for her well-being and sipping her coffee instead. Ah, to be a millennial.

Peter returned to her quickly, concern still etched all over his face. He was about to say something to her when she interrupted him for a change. "Did you just text Happy Hogan?" She inquired, sliding her sunglasses back on as Peter's face paled noticeably. His mouth opened and closed several times again before he stalked away, pulling out his phone to text Happy some more. Naomi only smirked to herself. Extensive knowledge of the Marvel universe didn't seem so pointless now, huh? The young super-hero returned once again, still slightly paler than when she ran into him on the sidewalk.

"I need you to come with me." Peter spoke, showing a touch of leadership quality that Naomi respected.

"Lead the way." Naomi gestured for him to walk, joining his side as they strode out of the alley way. "So has Mr. Stark given you any more missions since you fought the Vulture?" She asked innocently, enjoying when Peter stopped in his tracks, having to jog to catch up with the older woman's longer strides.





3. Cougar





[Avengers Headquarters; Upstate New York]

"Tony we may have a slight security breach concerning the Avengers." Happy Hogan furrowed his brow as he looked at his phone for the hundredth time, re-reading the texts sent from Peter. He stood on the white-tiled floor of Tony Stark's new facility lab, dodging moving machinery and random holographs. The man himself, Tony stood in the center of several holographic screens, working on technology Happy could never hope to understand.

"Which Avengers? Its getting so hard to keep track of all the newbies showing up." Tony drawled, clearly unconcerned about the security problem as he waved away the claw arm of a nearby machine.

"Well I got a text from the kid-" Happy continued, though quickly cut off by the billionaire.

"The kid's spilling secrets?" Tony asked incredulously, "He doesn't even know anything. Literally, the American education system is so-" he rambled on, waving away his current screens and pulling up his information on Spiderman.

"It's not Peter that's the problem, it's a woman he met recently." Happy explained, with massive patience towards Stark's antics. Tony whipped his head around to stare at Happy, his eyebrows raised in a signature sassy-surprised look.

"A woman!?" He asked dubiously, "Seems like I'm rubbing off on the kid more than I realized. Maybe I should lay off the backseat parenting." Tony huffed comically as Happy waited for him to finish. It didn't do to interrupt Tony when he went off on a tangent, he knew. It only derailed the entire conversation more than it already was.

"It's nothing like that. Apparently he met her on the street, and she already knew his full name," Happy flipped through his texts once more, "And the fact that he was Spiderman." Happy glanced back up at Tony, who now sported a frown and a touch of genuine concern in his eyes. He turned his back to Happy and pulled up more screens, one of which appeared to be the tracking device from the kid's Spiderman suit. The Stark worked efficiently, clearly serious about Peter's safety. "She also knew that he had my number," Happy continued, "and about the showdown between you and the Captain."

Tony looked at Happy briefly, the gears turning in his mind as he attempted to make sense of this. "What the hell? That's classified information. It's one thing to know about it, and another to literally tell Peter what she knew." Tony looked back to his screens, mumbling slightly as he switched through the holographs, typing on their keyboards. "Is this woman still with Peter? Whats her name?" He pointed to Happy, not bothering to turn from his work. Happy fumbled through his phone, sending another text to Peter along the way.

"Her name is Naomi Swanson, and as for if she's still with him..." Happy paused for a moment, until his phone dinged, signaling a new text from Peter. "Yes she is, and they are currently... at a sandwich shop? He said he didn't know where to bring her so they got food." Both Tony and Happy let out a small sigh at Peter's youthful idiocy. Though they also couldn't help but be nostalgic at his innocence.

"Alright then. I'm running a search for any Naomi Swanson's living in Queens, can you ask Peter for a picture?" Tony typed her name into one of the screens, immediately picking out a few candidates for the mysterious woman, and pulling up Happy's text conversation on another screen. Clearly Tony Stark didn't have many boundaries when it came to privacy. Soon, Peter sent the picture of Naomi to Happy, also appearing on Tony's screen. It was less a picture of her than a selfie of the two of them, but it still sufficed for Tony's needs.

After searching for several minutes, Tony gave out a frustrated huff. Her photo failed to match any of the woman with the same name in Queens, and Tony had to move on to a state-wide search. Several more minutes, and the search turned nation-wide. Off to the side, Happy stood patiently, checking through his emails and such when a thought occurred to him. "You don't think that she's Hydra or anything, do you?"

This caused Tony to pause his work, checking his screen that still showed Peter's tracker and the rest of his information. If Peter truly had been tracked down by Hydra, at least, what remained of it, it could present a huge problem. The vast majority of the organization was wiped out thanks to the Avengers, but small factions still remained in operation. Their locations were unknown, but they had yet to present any kind of threat or even presence. Tony considered his answer carefully. "There's certainly been no security breach in my systems, and I covered up the kids tracks spotlessly. His identity is on a need-to-know basis, and Hydra definitely doesn't need to know." Tony turned to Happy, "besides, if Hydra got ahold of his identity, why would they do this with it? Literally alerting us to a possible spy?" He waved his hands as he spoke, adding a dramatic flair. "This doesn't smell like Hydra."

"Then what does it smell like?" Happy questioned, relieved that Tony didn't think Hydra was involved this time.

"Smells like a cougar." Tony stated, his previous sassiness returning to him. Happy rolled his eyes and waited for him to properly continue. "I don't know. And it's not often that I say that, so pay attention." Tony enlarged one of the screens, allowing Happy to see what Tony saw. "Ive run a search on Miss Swanson's face here," Tony gestured to the selfie Peter sent on the side of the screen, a highlight on Naomi's face, rendering a separate 3D model of her features. It was almost scary how fast he had gotten it. "And I've come up with exactly this much." On the hologram, grainy security footage from a traffic camera played of a woman walking out of an alleyway, her face outlined in white from Tony's program. It showed her walking onto a crowded sidewalk, switching the view from multiple cameras until she was shown walking into a Starbucks. Inside the Starbucks, the footage quality was slightly improved, and they watched as she ordered a coffee and briefly spoke with the barista.

The footage continued as the two men watched her literally run into Peter, the low quality footage barely picking up on his confused facial expressions. Soon he pulled her into an alleyway, where they could barely see them. Tony and Happy exchanged a confused look- there was no sign of Naomi watching for Peter in the slightest, no hint that she staged the meeting. Quickly enough they walked back out of the alleyway, walking side by side down the sidewalk. Speeding up the footage, they saw the two figures make their way to the sandwich stop after consulting on a street corner, until the footage caught up to the present time.

Leaving the live footage up, Tony ran a hand through his hair, frowning in concentration. Happy raised an eyebrow at his behavior, not seeing a cause for such great stress- at least from Tony. Noticing Happy's confused expression, Tony explained himself. "That footage," he gestured to the holograph, "is literally all I have on her. I cannot find a single other thing on this woman. There isn't even footage of her going into the alley, or going anywhere for that matter."

"You're saying that there hasn't been a trace of Naomi Swanson before now? If that's even her name." Happy speculated.

"It doesn't matter what her name is, she didn't even exist an hour ago. The footage hasn't been tampered with either, she just simply wasn't there. A real Nightcrawler, if you will." Tony explained, throwing in an X-Men reference for the hell of it.

"Do you think she's a threat to the kid?" Happy asked, knowing that Tony had already considered it.

"The kid can take care of himself, usually, but this woman is definitely off. Tell him to stay with her until we can pick them up, and make sure she says in view of the security cameras." Tony instructed, sending Happy scampering off to send a Stark car to their location and text Peter the news. Now alone, Tony looked at the security footage from the sandwich shop again, where the two were seated at the bar, their backs to him. Watching them for a moment, Tony turned away with a huff. "You really know how to pick 'em, don't you kid?"





4. Shit





The car drive was lasting a bit longer than Naomi had anticipated. It was definitely luxurious and roomy- only the best for Tony Stark, she supposed. But Peter wasn't providing much conversation, probably due to Happy killing her vibe in the drivers seat. He had treated her suspiciously from the get-go, and Naomi suspected that he wasn't even thrilled to have Peter in the back seat with her.

Sighing from boredom, Naomi scrolled through her instagram feed once again. The fact that Marvel fan art was still showing up only fueled her conviction that this was all a prank, though a very well planned one. She kept waiting for Peter to yell "PRANKED" and have her sign some contract saying she wouldn't sue. Growing impatient, Naomi quickly searched into google, 'Tom Holland location.' It sure felt creepy, but all it told her was that he was currently filming for Avengers 4 in Georgia. Reading this, she frowned and glanced at Peter, who sat across from her-also on his phone. Thankfully her epic sunglasses kept the fact that she was looking at him subtle. However they clearly didn't do much, since apparently Peter felt her gaze and looked up at her.

"What?" He asked innocently.

"You're meant to be in Georgia. That's an awful long way just to prank me." Naomi said nonchalantly, watching for his reaction. The doubts that this wasn't a prank still remained in the back of her mind, but so far nothing that couldn't have been set up by a film crew had happened.

"Why would I be in Georgia?" Peter questioned, his puppy-dog confused eyes almost making Naomi 'aww.' What could she say, she was still a fan- Tom Holland or Peter Parker. Naomi simply shrugged in response, looking back to her phone suspiciously.

"Hey Peter, mind if I look something up on your phone?" Naomi asked, curious to see how far they had gone for this prank. It wasn't as if they could change the google search results. She actually felt fairly proud for coming up with this solution- it would hopefully force the hidden camera crew to come out... wherever they were. Peter immediately looked suspicious at her request, glancing over to Happy in the front seat. Following Peter's gaze, Naomi watched Happy shake his head, looking at them through the rearview mirror.

"Um sorry, I don't think so..." Peter trailed off, seemingly nervous about offending her. Of course, Naomi was a little put off at Happy's mistrust of her, but she simply couldn't resist the surge of maternal instincts that Peter's sad little face brought. She could see why Tony basically adopted him.

"Oh it's all right, it's just that some people," she lowered her shades to look at Happy, throwing him a passive-aggressive stare. "Don't trust me on the internet, apparently. But that's none of my business." Naomi slid her sunglasses back on, satisfied for now.

She didn't have to wait much longer, for soon the car pulled into a grassy clearing, and across the way Naomi got a perfect shot of the Avengers headquarters. The facility was huge, constructed out of glass and clean white paneling, stretching over a bright green grassy field. Needless to say, it was way out of proportion of a prank. Hell, it was out of proportion for a movie set. As Naomi swallowed anxiously, Happy pulled into a space reserved for Stark cars on the side of the main building. Across from her, Peter immediately perked up at the sight of the complex, no doubt anticipating meeting 'Mr. Stark' again.

Piling out of the car, Naomi stood still for a moment as she gazed at the compound, taking off her shades and blinking rapidly. "It's really cool, huh?" Peter appeared beside her, a giddy smile on his face, waiting for her reaction. Naomi looked at him, realizing for the first time that the boy next to her was actually 17 year old Peter Parker.

"Well...shit."





5. Inigo Montoya





It was safe to say to say that Naomi was fairly out of it walking into the compound. Happy didn't pay her much attention, content to steer the group in the right direction. However Peter seemed slightly concerned for the woman, seeing as her usual slightly crazy antics had ceased. Poor Peter had spent most of his time concerned since meeting her on the sidewalk, quite by accident. Naomi herself was taking the time to come to terms with the fact that she was actually in the Marvel universe. It wasn't an elaborate prank, not with the literal holograms lighting up the place inside the Avengers facility. She frowned in thought as she trailed after Happy, considering what could be happening back home, and if this would take up her vacation days. Life was hard as an assistant, what could she say?

However it was just her luck that the path to Tony's lab was short, and she didn't quite have the time to mull over whether or not she still had a job. Her boss would understand that she accidentally woke up in another dimension, right? And also, is she in the movies now too or is this just a different timeline- Naomi had a lot of questions. Luckily for her, the second smartest person in the world was just beyond those doors.

The group stood in front of the entrance to Tony's lab, and Naomi put aside her anxiety over her job to marvel at the fact that the Tony Stark was just inside. A glance other right told Naomi that Peter was just as excited and nervous as she was, despite having already met Tony several times. Peter shot her an anxious smile, and Naomi couldn't help but grin at him in return. This kid is just as innocent and adorable in person as on the movie screen, she thought to herself. After a moment of standing in front of the clearly expensive double doors, Naomi picked up a light sound from inside. Had she been an ignorant peasant, she probably wouldn't have recognized it, but due to her expansive knowledge of the MCU, she identified the noise as FRIDAY. The AI was most likely informing Tony of his guests outside, she quickly deduced, feeling quite like Sherlock. At the thought of Sherlock, she nearly lost her composure, seeing as she was about to meet him, or at least, one of the Sherlocks here. Naomi was seriously about to crack herself up, the footage of RDJ's Sherlock running in her mind along with Benadryl Cucumber's.

the Thankfully, when the door opened her face was perfectly serene, seemingly unbothered by her surroundings. It was a skill she developed through working with an impossible boss and co-workers with pranking tendencies. Besides, keeping one's composure ran in the family.

Tony Stark himself stood in the center of his shiny new lab, surrounded by constantly moving holograms and robots. There were models of Iron Man suits and cars along the walls, and machinery that Naomi could never pray to understand littered the tiled floor, creating a symphony of beeping and buzzing. In short, it was the genius's playground that the movies had always portrayed so well, laid out before her. However in Naomi's eyes, the most awe-inspiring thing in the room wasn't the sheer level of technology, but Tony Stark. At the sight of him, in person, Naomi found herself speechless, which didn't happen often.

His face was tired-that she could tell easily. He no doubt hadn't gotten much sleep the previous night, or the night before. Seven movies worth of Iron man knowledge rushed forward in her mind as she stood before the genius billionaire playboy philanthropist. She knew about his hardships and struggles- and standing here, the knowledge felt oddly invasive. She knew that she was a stranger to him, but to her, Tony Stark had been in her life since she was 15, and the first Iron Man movie came out. He had been a source of entertainment, and a figure of inspiration throughout her college years, actually having a character to relate to during the most stressful point in her life. Of course, Naomi had never been though anything that could compare to a day in Tony's life, but she, along with most other people on the internet, fancied that she could understand him. Iron Man was a superhero, something that everyone could strive to become, and suddenly Naomi felt a powerful empathy for the 17 year old net to her, remembering how she felt when she was first introduced to super-heros.

"Hello," Tony started, his eyes guarded, "My name is Inigo Montoya." He quoted the Princess Bride in what was a surprisingly good Inigo accent. At hearing the familiar words, Naomi burst into a grin.

"You killed my father. Prepare to die." She ended the quote, her Inigo accent not quite as good, but still recognizable. In the center of the room, Tony stood surprised, a light smirk rewarding Naomi for her excellent taste in movies.

"Uh, what?" Peter asked, clearly more confused from before. Beside him, Naomi chuckled lightly, reaching over and ruffling his hair, much to Peter's embarrassment. He quickly swatted her away, resembling a tomato, causing everyone else in the room to laugh at his antics. Peter was still embarrassed of course, but at the sight of his idol Mr. Stark smiling at him fondly, he joined in the light laughter.

"Patience, young grasshopper." Naomi said sagely, her shades adding to her new mysterious vibe. Peter laughed more at this, grinning now that he actually understood that reference. Unfortunately Happy had had enough by this point, and decided that the joking had gone on long enough. He strode over to Tony, who was more relaxed by this point, speaking to him in hushed tones. Happy was obviously much more concerned about their secret topic than Tony seemed to be, and simply gave him some off handed instructions as he turned back to his work. The Stark's instructions, as Naomi soon learned, were to take Peter out of the room so she and Tony could talk, evident by Happy literally 'shooing' the kid out, much to Peter's protest. Eventually, the pair exited the room, leaving Naomi alone with the Iron Man.





6. Drink?





The room remained in silence for a few moments more, as Tony fidgeted with random machines and various technology. On one screen across the room, Naomi caught a glimpse of her own face, from a selfie she had taken with Peter earlier. Smiling to herself, it occurred to her that she was the only person from her world to have taken a selfie with the actual Spiderman. Talk about one for the scrapbooks. She should actually take more pictures, Naomi mused to herself. This was clearly a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to hang out with superheroes, and she was damned if she didn't record it. It actually made Peter's vlogging habits make sense. Naomi studied the picture further, taking off her beloved sunglasses and settling them on top of her head.

actual Her and Peter were clearly sat at a bar, their bistro sandwiches half-devoured on their plates visible in front of them. Peter had his phone rested on the bar, so the picture was from a lower angle, forcing them to both hunch over in their seats to fit their faces in the frame. Peter had obviously tried very hard to look cool, but the result looked like a frog was in his mouth. Naomi smirked at the old joke from her dimension. Naomi herself had chosen a very cool pose, in her opinion, supporting her head with her hand with a knowing smirk.

Her attention was quickly pulled away from the picture as Tony began talking, giving no warning as he assumed she was already listening. "Naomi Swanson-provided that is your real name, of course-you've proven to be an interesting case thus far." Tony kept moving as he talked, only glancing at her occasionally as he worked, clearly not overly concerned by her presence. He did stay at a distance from her however, flitting around the center of his workshop as she hovered semi-awkwardly by the door. "Because according to my research," Tony paused here, both for dramatic effect and to suddenly swipe a new hologram into the air, displaying CCTV footage of Naomi walking out of an alleyway. "You didn't exist before this point." Naomi watched the footage repeat itself on a loop, her figure stepping out from the alley where that stupid cult made her pass out with their cult-y voodoo. Naomi supposed that she should be more concerned with whatever that cult did, seeing as she was literally in a new dimension, however being in the same room as Tony Stark was very distracting.

"So what is it, huh? What makes you special?" Tony questioned, gazing at her with real suspicion in his eyes. Naomi was slightly taken aback, unsure of how to explain the cult situation. "Are you some foreign assassin? A god from another planet? Or heaven forbid," he pointed at her accusingly, "An archer?"

Naomi snorted with laughter, caught off-guard by the sudden Hawkeye roasting session. Tony also allowed himself a smile, seemingly warming to her. Naomi cleared her throat, aware that she needed to explain herself but unsure how. This was an entirely new world for her and honestly, it was starting to get a little suffocating. Since realizing she wasn't in the right dimension, she hadn't exactly had any alone time to process anything, or talk so anyone about it. She opened her mouth without even knowing what to say, her words jumbled in her mind. Swallowing thickly, she met Tony's eyes, and saw his confusion at her lack of speech. His suspicion had cleared partly, and for a moment she fooled herself that there was concern in his eyes. Perhaps taking on a fatherly role for Peter had softened him, Naomi considered, the thought warming her heart and allowing her mind to settle a little. With a breath, she was able to start her explanation.

"You probably have about zero reason to believe me, but please just hear me out." Naomi began, her voice sounding strangely loud against the white noise of the lab. Nodding, Tony strode closer to her, stopping a couple feet away with a serious expression. "I don't really know how I got here, or why even, but I know I wasn't supposed to." Naomi paused for breath. "There was this group of people in an alley, that alley actually," Naomi gestured to the screen where the loop of her entrance to this dimension was still playing. "I know it was stupid, but it was early and I hadn't had my coffee yet," Tony started at this with a knowing smile, clearly relating to the situation already. Encouraged, Naomi continued with her tale. "I hadn't meant to mess with them, not really, but they were drawing something on the wall, and I thought they were graffiti artists or something. So I took a closer look, but they were chanting something..."



---Flashback---

Hovering at the edge of the dirty New York alleyway, Naomi watched with interest as a small group of people gathered around a section of the wall. The alley was quite familiar to Naomi, thought she couldn't place her finger on it. It felt like she had see it in a movie before.

Hovering at the edge of the dirty New York alleyway, Naomi watched with interest as a small group of people gathered around a section of the wall. The alley was quite familiar to Naomi, thought she couldn't place her finger on it. It felt like she had see it in a movie before. The group was murmuring something, speaking in unison as they each took turns to touch the wall, racing something she couldn't see. Intrigued, Naomi quietly stepped in closer, craning her neck to get a view of what the group was writing on the brick wall. They didn't notice her presence, clearly engrossed in their work and their rhythmic chanting. One person in the center clutched a gray backpack tightly, as though it were precious to them. Vaguely, Naomi hoped it was a song of some sort, and not a demonic ritual.

The group was murmuring something, speaking in unison as they each took turns to touch the wall, racing something she couldn't see. Intrigued, Naomi quietly stepped in closer, craning her neck to get a view of what the group was writing on the brick wall. They didn't notice her presence, clearly engrossed in their work and their rhythmic chanting. One person in the center clutched a gray backpack tightly, as though it were precious to them. Vaguely, Naomi hoped it was a song of some sort, and not a demonic ritual. As she drew closer, she noticed that when each person went up to the wall, they never actually touched it, their fingers hovering over it and strange symbols appearing. Naomi halted her movement when they began to speak louder, and she realized that they were speaking in a foreign language. Naomi was no expert in Latin, but based on her movie knowledge, they were chanting in it. It was clearly cult behavior, but it confused her as they weren't dressed as she felt a cult should be. They were a variety of people, all dressed in typical New York streetwear, though some were more fashionable then others.

As she drew closer, she noticed that when each person went up to the wall, they never actually touched it, their fingers hovering over it and strange symbols appearing. Naomi halted her movement when they began to speak louder, and she realized that they were speaking in a foreign language. Naomi was no expert in Latin, but based on her movie knowledge, they were chanting in it. It was clearly cult behavior, but it confused her as they weren't dressed as she felt a cult should be. They were a variety of people, all dressed in typical New York streetwear, though some were more fashionable then others. Naomi's attention was pulled away from the group' outfits as they finished their chant, pulling away from the wall which they had been writing on. She watched in pure awe as a ripple went through the wall, transforming it. The red bricks changed their shade to a muddy brown, the writings and various graffiti disappearing as new cracks and blemishes appeared in the wall. Naomi hardly noticed how the group of people remained away from the new wall as she made her way toward it, as if pulled in by an invisible force. As she approached, a member of the cult noticed her, and cried out in the foreign language. The cry startled Naomi, who turned around to face the cult, who was now staring at her defensively. One of the members started toward her, kicking Naomi's fight or flight response in as she backed up. This only cause her to get closer to the wall, eventually brushing her hand against it as the group watched in horror.

Naomi's attention was pulled away from the group' outfits as they finished their chant, pulling away from the wall which they had been writing on. She watched in pure awe as a ripple went through the wall, transforming it. The red bricks changed their shade to a muddy brown, the writings and various graffiti disappearing as new cracks and blemishes appeared in the wall. Naomi hardly noticed how the group of people remained away from the new wall as she made her way toward it, as if pulled in by an invisible force. As she approached, a member of the cult noticed her, and cried out in the foreign language. The cry startled Naomi, who turned around to face the cult, who was now staring at her defensively. One of the members started toward her, kicking Naomi's fight or flight response in as she backed up. This only cause her to get closer to the wall, eventually brushing her hand against it as the group watched in horror. They began to cry out and scream as Naomi made contact with the wall, the latin words the last things she heard as Naomi blacked out.

They began to cry out and scream as Naomi made contact with the wall, the latin words the last things she heard as Naomi blacked out. When Naomi awoke, she was alone in the alleyway, her head fuzzy and her mouth dry, but otherwise unharmed. After checking herself for any signs of injury or robbery, she dismissed the entire event, all too eager to get into the next coffee shop she could find.

When Naomi awoke, she was alone in the alleyway, her head fuzzy and her mouth dry, but otherwise unharmed. After checking herself for any signs of injury or robbery, she dismissed the entire event, all too eager to get into the next coffee shop she could find. ---Flashback end---

---Flashback end--- Naomi cleared her throat again loudly as she finished recounting her experience with the strange cult. Meeting Tony's eyes, she waited anxiously to see if he would believe her. He certainly didn't have much reason to, and as Naomi listened to herself she realized that it didn't seem very realistic. Though, this dimension had already witnessed a portal open in the sky over New York, so maybe she had a chance.

"Okay." Tony nodded, turning back to his holograms and machinery. Naomi bit her lip as she waited for him to say something. She watched as he typed quickly on a holographic keyboard, bringing up a model of the alleyway, expanding it so he could highlight the wall she had describes touching before turning to a different screen. "Let's say for a moment that I believe you." Tony began, looking over to Naomi, where she let out a small sigh of relief. "It's not exactly the craziest thing i've ever heard, as long as we're sharing secrets," he shrugged, his eyes flitting over a moving screen of code before nodding, his expression satisfied. "Alright, i've got readings of an energy spike from that wall, i'll look into it more later but for now, you check out." Tony sauntered back to Naomi, seemingly happy that she was actually telling the truth.

"But there's still something you haven't explained." Tony pointed at her, his dramatic flair slipping through his serious expression. "How did you know the kid's identity?" Naomi raised her eyebrows, her lips forming an 'o' as she realized she left a crucial detail about her dimension out of the explanation.

"Well... about that." Naomi said awkwardly. If she thought discussing the cult was difficult, she had no idea how to tell Tony he was a movie character. The best way, she supposed, was to just rip off the band-aid, nice and fast.

"You're a movie character..." Naomi trailed off with a frown as she watched for Tony's reaction. If she had been expecting something big she was largely disappointed, because he only raised an eyebrow at her wild claim.

"Uh huh."

"Im serious, i'm from a different dimension, we already proved that with the energy spike and the cult." Naomi gestured with her hands as she spoke, desperate to convince her hero that she wasn't crazy. "So in my dimension, superhero's aren't real. It's just...movies and comic books and stuff." Tony's expression shifted, wary and concerned as he took in her words without fully believing them.

"You, and Peter and the Avengers, it's all... fiction." Naomi stopped, unsure what more she could do to convince him without breaking out the personal information she knew about him. It was starting to feel really invasive, seeing as she literally saw his greatest fears, and his anxiety and ptsd on a movie screen.

Tony frowned at her, pressing his hands against his mouth as he gazed at her, thinking hard. "How can I believe you?" He asked. Naomi was at a loss before she remembered what she has in her pocket. Gasping excitedly, she took out her phone and realized how she could prove it to Tony.

Earlier, during the car ride with Peter and Happy, Naomi had looked up where Tom Holland was. The response that Google gave her was clearly from her dimension's internet, seeing as it literally told her he was on an avengers film set. Excitedly, Naomi looked back up to Tony,who was watching her amusedly, clearly feeling the superiority of his own tech versus her slightly outdated iPhone. It wasn't her fault that assistant's don't make enough money to but a new model every year.

"I can show you- my phone- it can still look up movie clips and stuff!" Naomi gestured for Tony to come closer as she typed in her passcode and turned to youtube. Hesitantly, Tony joined her side as he watched her type in 'Iron Man' to the search bar. The first video to pop up was labeled, 'Iron Man Suit Ups (and other favorite scenes),' before clicking on it, Naomi turned to the side, seeing Tony's reaction to her screen. He was staring at the thumbnail of the video, the gears in his head turning as he no doubt tried to decipher if the image was something the internet of this dimension had access to.

The first clip was from the first Iron Man movie, Naomi recognized, beginning with a cinematic shot of a younger Tony Stark in his garage, the circular arc reactor prominent in his chest.

" Yeah. I can fly. " The younger Tony spoke in the video, the shot switching to show his early Iron Man suit assembling itself onto his legs as he spoke to JARVIS. However, a quick glance at the Tony Stark by her side told Naomi that there was no need for any more footage. She paused it, the nostalgia from the first movie washing away as she watched Tony back away from her. Naomi suddenly regretted showing him the footage as his face paled, and she turned off her phone, clutching it to her chest. They waited in silence for several moments- Tony mulling over what he had been shown, and Naomi waiting like a child fearing a scolding. Mentally, she kicked herself for not realizing that showing someone footage of their private moments wasn't the best route to go. She was concerned for what kind of impact this could have on Tony, but deep down she also dreaded him turning her away, for rejection from one of her heroes would be devastating.

Yeah. I can fly. Massaging his temples, Tony looked at Naomi, sighing at her anxious body language. She opened her mouth to speak, to apologize, anything, but Tony silenced her with a wave of his hand. Grunting, he made his way to the side of the room, tapping on a keypad installed in the wall. Naomi's heart sunk as the whirring of more machinery filled the silence between them, and she could only imagine what he was going to say to her. It definitely caught her off guard when the only thing that emerged from the wall was a bar, complete with stools and no doubt fully stocked. Tony proceeded to pour himself a glass of single-malt scotch on the ricks, downing it in one gulp.

Running a hand through his hair, Tony pulled out another glass, setting it decisively on the bar as he looked over to Naomi. He leaned on the counter tiredly, and Naomi relaxed when she couldn't detect any animosity in his gaze.

"Care for a drink?" He asked, already pouring himself a second glass. Naomi grinned.

"Oh hell yes."

hell





7. Queen and Hepburn





Happy Hogan was visibly peeved, to the point where even Peter had shut up... slightly. He stood in the hallway outside of Tony's genius lab, his frustration concentrated into a glare pointed at the door. The teen next to him seemed fairly amused by the situation, still hyped up from a last-minute tour of the Avengers facility.

"Friday, tell me again why Tony isn't responding." Happy rubbed his temples, unaware of Peter sneaking in a selfie behind his back.

"The Boss is incapacitated at the moment. Shall I unlock the door for you?" The robotic female voice answered. Happy huffed and nodded, before realizing he had to give a verbal response to the AI.

"Yeah go ahead." A light click resounded from the shiny lab door, and suddenly a familiar beat echoed out of the room. Peter lit up at the noise, somehow becoming more excited than he already was. Grinning to himself, he stomped along to the beat emanating from Tony's lab. Boom boom clap. Boom boom clap. He was having quite a fun time until he noticed Happy staring at him, quickly stopping his little dance and coughing into his fist in embarrassment.

Boom boom clap. Boom boom clap. "Okay. You're staying here kid." Happy pointed at Peter, his face deadpan.

"Aw what? No I- I'm fine, I don't-" Peter struggled, flailing his hands as he tried to argue with a man who was clearly tired of his shit. Peter gave up with a huff and a pout, backing away from the door and Happy like a kicked puppy. Happy rolled his eyes at the display stepping into the lab quickly, eager to quit babysitting. Clearly he was bad at it, for Peter wandered off as soon as Happy couldn't see him.

--

"I honestly don't know what else I expected."

Upon entering, Happy was greeted with the sight of an extremely drunk Stark, and some very loud Queen music. Tony Stark, the genius billionaire, swayed dangerously on top of a bar counter, an empty bottle of whiskey in hand and a few broken glasses littering the floor around him. As the next song began to play, Tony brought the mouth of the bottle to his lips, singing along in a drunken slur.

"...gon' have myself~ a real good time~ I feel ali-i-," Tony paused his singing, much to Happy's relief, to give out a belch. Loopy with drink, Tony giggled to himself before he noticed his bodyguard's presence, lighting up like a child at Christmas. His giddy face was almost comical as Tony unsteadily got onto his knees, reaching behind the bar to swat at something before gesturing to Happy to wait. The music continued to blast as Tony struggled with whatever was behind the bar, eventually rolling right off the counter top and thumping to the floor. At this, two peals of drunken laughter erupted before a hand waved out from behind the bar, grasping for a solid grip before pulling up it's owner.

Naomi Swanson popped up just as the song increased in tempo, mouthing the lyrics to her one-person audience in glee. Tony, of course, chose to sing along to the song full-throttle, popping up beside her and now using a full whiskey bottle as a microphone.

"I-im a shooting star leap- uh- sky~ uh-tiger...gravity..." Tony evidently forgot the lyrics as he began to sway once more, knocking into the Marvel fan dancing beside him. Naomi burst out in laughter once more at this, doubling over on herself as Tony attempted- and failed- to stay upright.

Happy loud out an exasperated sigh at the sight of them- now sitting on the tile as gasping for air in between bursts of laughter. "Friday, shut off the music." Happy's voice was all too tired as the music shut off, drunken giggles now filling the air as Tony attempted to tell Naomi something, only to interrupt himself with cackles. Instead, he waved his hands frantically at her, finally managing to get a few words out. "Do the- *hic* the- the," Tony waved his fingers around Naomi's eyes, much to her amusement. Tears forming in her eyes from her laughs, Naomi shakily crawled over to the bar- using way too much effort to grab a pair of sunglasses off of it. With the shades in hand, Naomi collapsed onto her back, rolling over and attempting to compose herself.

With an overly urgent expression, Tony motioned for Happy to pay attention to the woman on the floor, who had now put on her sunglasses. She attempted a refined expression, breaking character several times to laugh, swatting Tony every time he distracted her. Finally she reached her goal, which was dramatically lowering her sunglasses, before raising them to her eyes again.

At a loss, Happy glanced over to Tony for some indication on what that was supposed to be. Tony appeared to have enjoyed it greatly, leaning against a bar stool and giggling like her sunglasses were the funniest thing he had ever seen. Naomi had rolled onto her back- appearing to try to get onto her feet to no avail. Eventually Tony looked back at Happy, who clearly did not understand what was happening.

"Wha- nono no you don't g- *hic* get it..." Tony told him, clearly very distraught that Happy didn't find Naomi as funny as he did. "Its the-the Audrey H-hepburn..." Tony trailed off, massaging his temples as he began to lose the effects of the alcohol. Thankfully Naomi picked up for him after having managed to sit up after several tries.

"Breakfast a-t Tiffany's..." She mumbled, not even looking at Happy as she suddenly found her hand very fascinating. "Why- why...it's so dar... dark..." Happy rolled his eyes as the adult woman forgot she was wearing sunglasses. He supposed that the Breakfast at Tiffany's reference was actually quite good however, as Happy realized that Naomi bore a slight resemblance to the actress.

"Alright, come on Boss." Happy sighed as he helped Tony to his feet, straining slightly under his deadweight. Happy slumped him onto a bar stool, feeling like he never got a break from babysitting.

"Get...get Hepburn." Tony groaned, clearly sobering up fast. Hesitantly, Happy moved to help up Naomi, surprised when she actually managed to carry part of her weight. He set her onto the stool next to Tony's, deadpanning when he realized just how childish the pair were.





---

A/N

A/N Tony gives Naomi the nickname 'Hepburn' in this chapter, for anyone who doesn't get it he's referring to the Breakfast at Tiffany's actress Audrey Hepburn. If you remember that Naomi is portrayed by Anne Hathaway, the two actually look quite alike. Audrey has an iconic moment in the movie with some iconic sunglasses, the scene is below for reference That's the scene that drunken Naomi attempted to reference that Tony found so funny. This nickname will continue to be used throughout this story, so I wanted to explain it here.

Tony gives Naomi the nickname 'Hepburn' in this chapter, for anyone who doesn't get it he's referring to the Breakfast at Tiffany's actress Audrey Hepburn. If you remember that Naomi is portrayed by Anne Hathaway, the two actually look quite alike. Audrey has an iconic moment in the movie with some iconic sunglasses, the scene is below for reference That's the scene that drunken Naomi attempted to reference that Tony found so funny. This nickname will continue to be used throughout this story, so I wanted to explain it here.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





8. Think Fast, Tin Man





The first thing Naomi noticed was her head. A light pounding filled it, along with a generally groggy and disgusting feeling over her entire body. Briefly, she reminisced about her college days when she drank beer like a maniac over the weekends. Naomi may be a fairly chill person day-to-day, but the weekends were her time away from stress- mostly.

The second thing Naomi noticed was the fact that she was laying down on a soft surface- running her fingers over it it felt expensive. Already that ruled out any of Naomi's hopes that she was back in her apartment, and confirmed that she was probably still in another dimension. Or crashing at a friends place- there really was no way to know. But one way to find out would be opening one's eyes, as Naomi subsequently did. A light brown tint lay across her vision, and she realized that she was still wearing her sunglasses. Deciding that they were probably saving her from bright fluorescent lighting, she kept them on. That, and she just loved her shades and felt more secure when she could literally see them at all times.

Studying the tall ceiling, Naomi noticed clean white paneling and bright strips of electric light running through the panels- undermining the need for lamps. A look to her right told Naomi that most of the light in the room came from the large glass wall however- cementing the fact that she was in the Avengers facility. She couldn't help but let a smile appear on her face as she took in the green fields criss-crossed with walkways. It was starting to get late, evident by the shade cast over the area. Surely , she thought to herself, something this amazing could never be built in my dimension .

Surely something this amazing could never be built in my dimension Naomi was pulled from her thoughts as she felt a pressure appear on whatever she was lying on. Propping herself up onto her elbows with a light groan, she saw none other than Tony Stark, sitting on the end of the couch- so thats what she was laying on - by her feet. He looked amused at the sight of her, and Naomi felt a pang of jealousy that he didn't seem as hung over as she was. Groaning again, Naomi shifted herself into a sitting position, leaning against the cushions to continue taking the view.

so thats what she was laying on "Heads up, Hepburn."

Naomi barely had time to glance at Tony before a water bottle collided with her torso, doing nothing to help her pounding temples. Of course, the genius had no mercy for her headache because as her head was down to look at the water bottle, a container of pills attacked her forehead next. They weren't heavy of course- but in Naomi's groggy and hungover state, the small plastic bottle knocked her over on the couch, leaving her slumped against the armrest. Tony immediately broke out into laughter at her pitiful state, and much to Naomi's regret, she joined in soon enough.

"Jesus, you're a riot- you know that?" Tony joked, swinging his feet up onto the couch- not caring that he was still wearing his shoes. Glancing at her own feet, Naomi noticed that someone had taken off her sneakers, which were definitely significantly dirtier than anything Tony owned.

"I do try my best." Naomi hummed as she took a swig of the water, inspecting the pills Tony had thrown at her. Happily, she realized they were painkillers, and wasted no time in downing two of them. "Think fast, Tin Man." Naomi smirked as she chucked the pills back at Tony, who of course easily caught them. Naomi dropped her jaw in overdramatic shock, ignoring the pain it sent through her skull.

"This is rigged man. You only caught it cause you're a superhero." She pouted, sinking further into the expensive couch. Tony snorted, rolling his eyes at her behavior and settling into the couch himself. They were seated in the middle of an Avengers lounge room, complete with a small kitchen off to the side and several large couches for maximum comfort. There was also a mini bar opposite the kitchen because this is Tony Stark, but neither of the room's occupants felt much like drinking now.



"How long have I been out?" Naomi asked, only worrying slightly that she was imposing on the billionaire. They had gotten drunk together not too long ago- and hosted a karaoke session.

"About three hours. You gotta step up your hangover game kid." Tony said, gazing out of the glass. Naomi fought off the urge to scoff when he called her a kid, until she remembered that that was what he called Peter. That, and Underoos of course.

"I apologize if I retired from day drinking after college." Naomi smirked, joining Tony in enjoying the view, her grogginess slowly fading away. It was hard to feel sick she was sitting on a couch with a superhero she had admired since she was a kid.

"Ah, where did you go?" Tony questioned, shifting his head to look at her, genuinely curious.

"Good old UCSD." Naomi said, removing her sunglasses as she reminisced on her college days. "It was expensive, definitely, but I think it was worth it. Moved out to Queens not long after I graduated." Naomi remembered her sorrowful goodbye with her parents back in California- where she grew up- and wondered what they were doing now. With a small frown, she realized that she was definitely missing from her dimension. Though thankfully no one would think she was kidnapped until she didn't show for work, so Naomi still had the weekend to get back home.

"Nice, I'm impressed. You drink like you went to Tulane though," Tony sassed. "I went to MIT myself." He finished, as though it were no big deal. Naomi smiled at the thought that it probably wasn't a big deal for Tony, considering that he was a genius. Unfortunately, Naomi was not quite so lucky to have been born a child prodigy.

"Didn't you go really young?" She asked, having trouble remembering the exact age he went to college before she realized it might make him uncomfortable that she knew that. It was probably public knowledge here anyway, but Naomi suddenly felt anxious that Tony would suddenly be offended by her vast knowledge of him and it would ruin the moment they were having. Thankfully for her, Tony didn't seem to be too affected by the question, pursing his lips as he considered it.

"I suppose 15 is pretty young to study electrical engineering and physics, but I guess you know all about that, huh?" Tony looked at her, his expression relaxed. Letting out a breath of relief, Naomi realized that Tony seemed to have gotten over his status as a movie character fairly quickly. He did have three hours to contemplate it while she was passed out however, she figured.

"Well no, not really." She shrugged, taking in Tony's surprised expression with a hint of confusion.

"I thought I was a big-shot movie character?" Tony questioned, raising an eyebrow at the brunette seated at the opposite end of the couch. Naomi started when she realized that Tony was under the impression she had watched him on screens for much longer than she really had. It made her wonder how he got over it so quickly if he thought secret cameras were following him his whole life. Of course, paparazzi had always hounded Tony, but the Marvel movies were a different level of invasive.

"Oh my god, no." Naomi breathed, anxious to correct him. "The movies only started when you first became Iron man. Theres no footage before that, not really." He looked pleasantly surprised at this, relaxing even more and smiling relievedly.

"So movies- plural- huh? I must be pretty popular." Tony smirked at her, the enlarging of his ego practically visible. But Naomi was aware of all the crazy shit Tony had going on under the surface, so she was only all too happy to reassure him of how beloved he was.

plural- "Try three solo movies, plus the Avengers movies, and some screen time in Spiderman Homecoming." Naomi smirked back at him, though her smirk fell when she saw that Tony was actually surprised at his popularity. She paused for a moment, searching for words before continuing in a softer tone. "Tony Stark has been loved by, well, millions for years. We've, you know... seen sides of you that the people here haven't, and you really mean a lot to a lot of people."

three millions Naomi's eyes were in her lap as she made her little speech, fully aware that she was one of the people she was talking about. The majority of people in her dimension probably weren't too emotionally affected by the Avengers and Marvel superheroes in general, but she wasn't one of those people. Naomi had been genuinely sucked in by the MCU since the first Iron man movie, and had probably spent a less than healthy amount of time on it since then. Enveloped by her thoughts, she hardly noticed the shift in the cushions as Tony stood up.

too Naomi didn't even realize Tony was walking by her until he ruffled her hair as he strode past. It was quick and light, but it left Naomi's cheeks pink when she realized he was treating her like she had treated Peter earlier on in the day. Embarrassed, Naomi watched as Tony made his way over to the kitchen, looking back at her once he made it to the table.

"Catch up Hepburn, or you're not getting any dinner." Tony's smile was warmer then, and Naomi realized that he seemed lighter now. Naomi dismissed it, not wanting to read into it too much, but as she moved to join him, she secretly hoped that her words had helped take a load off of his worries.





----

A/N

A/N Tony mentioned that Naomi drank like she went to Tulane, which was ranked as the top party school in America as of 2018, just fyi.

Tony mentioned that Naomi drank like she went to Tulane, which was ranked as the top party school in America as of 2018, just fyi.





9. Purple Freak





The Avengers facility came with a few spare bedrooms, much to Naomi's gratitude. They were quite plain, she supposed, only furnished with the bare minimum that one needed to be comfortable. It was almost like a hotel room, only lacking any significant pops of color or artwork. Still, the young woman sprawled in the sheets didn't mind seeing as the mattress was soft and light.

Naomi wasn't sure how long she had been awake, but she knew she had been lying in bed for quite some time. It was awfully comfortable, and heaven knew she had a lot to think about. So Naomi laid and ran the events of the previous day through her mind, from meeting Peter to having dinner with Tony. She smiled, recollecting a story Tony had told over the table about how Peter had wandered off in the facility just after she met Tony. He had been missing for an hour before someone finally found in on the roof of a training room. She specifically remembered the way Tony had spoken about Peter, with a sense of pride and dare she say, fatherly love.

Sighing, Naomi rolled over, blinking in the soft light streaming in through her shutters. Squinting, Naomi slowly sat up, popping her back with a light groan. Thankfully the headquarters had some stock workout clothes, so Naomi had slept in a black tank top and sweatpants that fit surprisingly well. Briefly, she wondered if she would look like Black Widow if she changed out the sweatpants for the leggings she wore here. Naomi already had the short hair for it, she supposed. But unfortunately, she could never be as cool as Natasha, so she shook off the thought and set to get ready for the day instead.

"Should probably ask Tony about getting home." She mumbled to herself, melancholy at the thought of leaving before she even met everyone. But she had a job, and friends and family back home that Naomi couldn't just give up on. The MCU could go on without her, if she liked it or not. Moving to the window, she opened the shutters to find the it was probably almost noon- she had a small habit of sleeping in on the weekends, sue her. Amusedly, Naomi began to reach for her phone on the bedside table to check the time when she froze. A fantastic idea formed in her head, and she began to grin like a child as peered up at the ceiling.

"FRIDAY? What time is it?" Naomi asked the air, almost bouncing on her feet waiting to see if the AI would respond.

"It is 10:02 AM-" FRIDAY responded, Naomi punching the air in victory. "-on March 19, 2018." The AI finished. Naomi froze her victory dance immediately, swiping the hair out of her face as she straightened herself.

"Uh, what was the date again?" She asked, eyes wide.

"The date is March 19, 2018."

"Oh." Naomi's mouth formed a perfect 'o' as she took in the words. A frown was prominent on her face as she grabbed her phone off the table, turning it on to check the date. 'July 11, 2018' her phone read, a large '10:02' above the date.

"Okay. So I went back in time too." Naomi nodded to herself, chewing on her lip as she took it in. In the context that she was also in another dimension however, so she supposed being in the past was a lesser evil. Sitting back down on the bed, Naomi pondered for a moment. Where was she in the MCU timeline, then? She already knew it was after both Civil War and Homecoming, and if she remembered correctly, Black Panther had already happened too. Naomi had read once that the release dates of the movies generally corresponded with the chronological order in the later Marvel movies.

generally Naomi rested her chin in her hand, biting her lip trying to remember the amount of time in between each movie. If Black Panther already happened, then the next movies were Thor: Ragnarok, and then chronologically, Ant Man and The Wasp. Of course , Naomi thought to herself, Ant Man and The Wasp was actually released after Infinity War...

Of course Ant Man and The Wasp was actually released after Infinity War... after Naomi Swanson trailed off in her thoughts, the last two words echoing in her mind.





Infinity War.

Infinity War.





Naomi didn't realize she wasn't breathing until she felt her chest start to constrict, and with her gasp for air her eyes began to prick with tears. She had somehow forgotten about Infinity War, gotten caught up in meeting Peter and Happy and Tony- that she hadn't realized Infinity War was about to happen. Her mind racing, she deduced what she remembered about the release dates in her head, completely forgetting the phone in her hand. Coming to her conclusion, Naomi's breath hitched once more.

They had a month. Just over a month before Thanos won. Naomi covered her mouth with a shaking hand as she realized that the deaths she had witnessed on a movie screen, were about to happen in real life.

Without a direction in mind, Naomi burst from her room, her pajamas askew and her hair disheveled. She sped down hallways in random directions, not knowing nor bring where she was going, clutching her hands to her chest. Vaguely, she knew that she had to get to Tony, but all that was in her mind was Thanos's face, smiling as he watched the sunset. Naomi's mind was racing, and she nearly ran into a glass wall when she remembered Avengers 4. For a moment of bliss, she thought that her heroes were saved- since so many of them had sequels coming up they were sure to be fine.

She sank down onto the floor when she remembered that not all the Avengers would be saved in the fourth movie. Naomi's eyes were red and wet as she realized that only a few of the original avengers had a chance of survival. She cursed herself, huddled on the floor of the Avengers headquarters alone, for not knowing sooner. From what she knew, Steve Rogers wouldn't survive, and Tony Stark didn't have a very good chance. A new era of 'young avengers' was being ushered in, and apparently Marvel felt they needed to kill off the originals to do so.

Naomi slumped against the wall, feeling disgustingly useless as she pictured Tony's face on Titan, holding his hand to his lips as he sat alone. His hand, she remembered, that was covered in the remains of 15 year old Peter Parker. If Naomi had thought she could become any more distraught, she was proven wrong when the last lines spoken by Peter was all the could think of. The face of the teenage boy she met yesterday crumpling away into dust, because of Thanos's lust for balance. Peter Parker , Naomi thought, clenching her fists against the tile. Is not some statistic to justify the insatiable insanity of some purple freak.

Peter Parker Is not some statistic to justify the insatiable insanity of some purple freak. Breathing steadily, Naomi rose up from the ground, tear tracks still prominent on her face. Now, however, her expression was twisted into a fierce scowl, her eyes glaring ahead as she started walking once more. Her heart still ached at the thought of the avengers who disintegrated, but their faces as they died burned into her mind, fueling her to keep going. Her previous want to ask Tony about going home was out of her mind as she stalked back to the door of her room. Her hands shaking, Naomi took a deep breath to calm her nerves- running through the events of Infinity War, and the current timeline she was in. As she stood, it occurred to Naomi that a month still remained until Thanos attacked the Asgardian ship. There was still time.

"Okay." She said, steeling herself. "I need to save these sons of bitches."





---

A/N

A/N Sorry if my timeline is messed up, I couldn't find a straight timeline for the MCU with actual dates and stuff. If you know of one please comment it, but no matter what i'm giving Naomi a month to 'save these sons of bitches' before Infinity War.

Sorry if my timeline is messed up, I couldn't find a straight timeline for the MCU with actual dates and stuff. If you know of one please comment it, but no matter what i'm giving Naomi a month to 'save these sons of bitches' before Infinity War.





10. Sit Down





This was going to be harder than Naomi thought. She hadn't exactly formed a plan when she decided that she needed to stop Thanos, but now that she was actually trying to figure a plan out, she drew a blank.

Perched on the edge of her bed, Naomi fingered her phone in her hand, trying to think up ways to save everyone. Of course, the internet had plenty of methods, including but not limited to; stopping Quill's meltdown, aiming for the head, and using sling rings properly. However all those methods only worked when the war had already been set in motion, and that wasn't going to work for Naomi. She needed to save everyone, including the dumbass God of Mischief who died in the first ten minutes. A butter knife, really? Not to mention Heimdall, Gamora, and Vision also died separately from the snap.

everyone, A butter knife, really? Naomi drew out a breath in frustration, massaging her temples when a knock sounded at her door. She paused for a moment, her mind still muddled from trying to prevent a mad titan from getting a rock collection.

"Kid, you still in there?" A muffled voice came from the other side, but Naomi instantly recognized it as Tonys.

"Yeah... uh, come in?" She called out, uncertain of what he wanted. She supposed that she did miss breakfast. After her response, the door swung open and Tony stood in the doorway, looking too concerned and skeptical for Naomi's liking. His brows furrowed when he took in her appearance, and it was only then that she remembered she had been crying just moments ago, and still had red eyes. She began thinking of how to explain herself, and her current situation to Tony when he began speaking.

"I got an alert from FRIDAY about uh, what happened in the hallway." Tony paused, seeming hesitant and awkward in his words. It was a new look on the retired playboy, refreshingly humble and comforting. "You good, Naomi?" He asked, and Naomi realized how her episode in the hallway must have appeared to FRIDAY. It would have been embarrassing if not for Tony's attitude about the subject. Smiling lightly, Naomi recalled that Tony had experience in the realm of collapsing in hallways and such, and was offering comfort to her. It was enough to calm her erratic mind a bit so she could figure out what to say.

"I'm okay. I just remembered something," Naomi paused for breath, steadying herself. "I need to talk to you."

Tony nodded once, leaning against the doorway in a manner that reminded Naomi of Steve comforting Natasha. It was almost enough to make her laugh, if not for the serious expression on Tony's face. His eyes were tired, and sad, but still warm. He still had hope and Naomi knew that she couldn't let it be crushed.

"Can we go back to the lounge? You need to sit down for this."

----

The Avengers lounge was just as deserted as it had been yesterday, only brighter than before. The morning light shone straight through the window, warming up the room and casting a glow over both Tony and Naomi, seated comfortably on the couch. It would have been a beautiful morning if not for the grave topic Naomi had to discuss.

After a brief moment of contemplation, Naomi decided to start at the beginning, and turned to face Tony, seated at the opposite end just as he had been yesterday. However she found herself pausing, almost unwilling to speak. Tony Stark had seen much in his life, and he had fought hard to win his battles. It almost broke Naomi's heart to have to tell him of the failure of the future, how the Avengers hadn't been enough to save half the universe.

But if she didn't tell him, there would be no way of stopping Thanos.

"You already know that in my dimension, all of the Avengers battles are movies, pretty much for every major conflict. There are even heroes that you've never heard of that I've seen on screens, sharing your universe." Naomi began, launching into her explanation. Tony seemed shocked about the news of the other heroes, but he stayed silent and waited for her to explain.



"But what I realized this morning is that, this dimension- your dimension, hasn't caught up to mine..." Naomi trailed off, waiting for his reaction. Tony furrowed his brows, shifting on the couch as the gears turned in his head.

"So basically, you've seen movies from the future?" He questioned, raising and eyebrow skeptically. Naomi knew it was a lot to ask him to believe, but he had been pretty good about rolling with the punches so far, so she could only hope.

"Yeah, exactly. About a month into the future, to be exact. There's a, a big fight coming that I need to tell you about." Naomi bit her lip, dreading the moment she told Tony about Infinity War's outcome. For now he remained unaware, nodding along to what Naomi told him.

"You had some ah, footage, of me from a while back. Any of that for the future?" Tony shrugged innocently, and Naomi brightened at the prospect of evidence to back her up.

"Yeah, just gimme a sec." She chewed on her lip as she pulled her phone out, clicking on the youtube app. It would have to be a clip of Tony, since video of Thor: Ragnarok couldn't be proven to happen in the future, since it had no connection to Earth. Eventually, Naomi figured out the best clip to use of Tony from Infinity War without spoiling too much, even though she was about to tell him the outcome.

The footage was of Tony and Pepper's conversation in the park, namely Tony recounting his cream about having a kid with Pepper. The video was slightly blurred, and tended to jump around, but it was still undeniable that it was Tony and Pepper from the future. Naomi paused the video before Dr. Strange showed up with Bruce, figuring she should build up to introducing new characters and such. It was clear on Tony's face that he believed the clip was real, and much to Naomi's comfort, he seemed to receive it better than the first time he watched himself on her phone.

"You have a bad habit of telling the truth Hepburn." Tony cocked a grin, his mood elevated by the pleasant video of him and Pepper. Naomi smiled in response, though the statement would probably have a different meaning by the end of the conversation.

"So I've been told." Naomi's expression darkened. "Now, I need to tell you about infinity stones."

----

Naomi sat at the glass table she and Tony had dinner on last night, fiddling with her fingers as she breathed deeply. After several hours, various movie clips, and had takeout delivered from off-site, Naomi had spilled her knowledge of the future. Tony remained on the couch, resting his elbows on his knees and clasping her hands against his mouth that eerily matched his pose from the end of infinity war. She hadn't told him everything, exactly.

She had given a rundown on all six infinity stones, their abilities and where they've been in the marvel movies. This of course included a basic synopsis of Dr. Strange and the Guardians of the Galaxy and several videos from their movies. Tony had already known of the strange power source that had given life to vision, and the abilities of the tesseract that SHEILD had attempted to exploit. Throughout her lecture, Naomi visibly saw how the knowledge began to wear on Tony, though he constantly insisted he was fine, and asked questions whenever they appeared to him. However Naomi declined to explain the events of Infinity War, and the only information she gave was,

"In a month, an alien named Thanos will come seeking the Infinity stones. He's called the mad titan, because he plans to use their power to... bring peace, as he sees it. He believes the universe and its resources to be finite, and in his mind the only way to stop the world of eventually starving itself... is to eliminate half the population. And when he collected all six stones, half the universe was gone."





Both Naomi and Tony had fallen silent after her grave news, and she moved to the table to give him some space. Once seated, Naomi began to mull over ways to stop Thanos, only with a much clearer mind now. She could see plainly that the only way to stop him was to prevent him from obtaining any of the stones, starting with the power stone. It was currently being kept on Xandar, however Naomi knew that Thanos destroyed the planet before the movie even began. So , she mused, I need to figure out a way to contact the Guardians so they can collect the Power stone, and also the Reality stone whilst they're at it. The next problem is the Space stone, which is in the tesseract, which is on Asgard, which is actually about to be destroyed...

So need to figure out a way to contact the Guardians so they can collect the Power stone, and also the Reality stone whilst they're at it. The next problem is the Space stone, which is in the tesseract, which is on Asgard, which is actually about to be destroyed... Naomi was pulled from her thoughts when Tony spoke up, the first time he had said anything after receiving the news about half the universe.

"Tell me his name again." His words made Naomi flinch, staring over at him, Tony clearly not realizing he just quoted himself from the future. It threw Naomi for a moment, and she cleared her throat before answering.

"Thanos." She spoke, watching as Tony stood from the cushions with a groan, walking tiredly to the table.

"And the Avengers, everyone, we didn't stop him." It wasn't a question, as Tony sat down across from the brunette. She gazed at him sadly, his posture looked defeated even though the battle had yet to begin.

"The Avengers eventually defeat him... but not without serious cost." Naomi's posture matched Tony's, each slumping in their chairs.

"Then let's stop him now." Tony's words were final, and they left no room for questioning or hesitation. He may have looked tired, but his eyes were focused and determined, inspiring Naomi to remain optimistic.

"Okay." She smiled lightly, satisfied with his response and hopeful that they might actually pull it off.

"You said he wiped out half the universe. That means Earth too, right?" Tony asked, already knowing the answer but seeking confirmation. Naomi straightened, the faces of the fallen Avengers flashing in her mind once more. Her solemn expression gave Tony all the answers he needed, and he breathed deeply.

"I've got one rule, Naomi." Tony stared at her, dead-on. "Don't give me names. Never tell me who died."

Never Naomi looked back at him, her eyes softening.





Mr. Stark, I don't feel so good...

Mr. Stark, I don't feel so good...





"I was never going to."





11. The Godfather





It had been a full day of planning. After Naomi had given Tony her lecture on half of the universe's upcoming demise, they decided to sleep on it, and come back in the morning. Of course, neither one had actually slept, so the 'morning' began at around 4:00 am. Several cups of coffee paired with the serious problem they faced kept them sufficiently awake until midnight, when they officially decided to get some rest. The majority of their plan had been formalized during the day, so they were actually able to sleep this time around.

Glancing around Tony's shiny lab, Naomi appreciated the fruits of their labor. The lounge had simply been too casual for their task, and the lab had better resources. The holograms had been put into use, several different boards highlighting the locations of all six infinity stones, excluding that of the soul stone. Naomi had disclosed the location to Tony verbally, along with the condition that came along with obtaining the stone, and the two had decided to keep it off the records. Along with the stones they placed information regarding the whereabouts of the missing Captain America, Black Widow, and Falcon. Tony insisted that he would call the Captain later, though Naomi had doubts sincere failed to do so when aliens invaded during Infinity War. The location of Wanda and Vision had also been traced by Tony thanks to Naomi's handy footage of their new hangout. A general idea of where the nation of Wakanda was was laid out on a holographic map, though contacting T'Challa would probably be one of the easiest parts of their mission.

Naomi had felt worse about telling Tony the whereabouts of Scott Lang and Hope van Dyne, seeing as recruiting them would no doubt be complicated and mess up Scott's house arrest. Tony had been the one to find Clint in his new farmhouse, and Naomi felt equally as guilty about pulling him away from his family, but she knew it was necessary.

Tony had also been ecstatic to learn that Naomi also knew exactly where Bruce, or rather the Hulk was, and that he was doing quite well on an alien planet.

At the moment, Tony was busy with a video call with Rhodey- that Naomi was seriously contemplating snooping on because its War Machine - and Naomi was left to her own devices at Tony's desk. Of course, all of his technology was too complicated for Naomi's lazy ass, so she settled with looking through the internet trying to find information that probably didn't exist.

War Machine Their biggest problem at the moment was contacting everyone who was currently floating around in space. The Guardians where who-knows-where, and Thor was flying around trying to find the infinity stones that Earth already had two of. There was only one method Naomi had found so far that could get a message to Thor, but it was iffy at best. Naomi swiveled in her chair as she supposed that it was the best shot they had, and also the worst. Their only shot, if you will.

Naomi paused her swiveling when she noticed Tony end the video call out of the corner of her eye, stopping herself mid-swing. Thankfully the Iron Man didn't seem to notice, yawning as he approached her, or rather his, desk.

"Tell me you've got some good news Hepburn." He said, leaning on the desktop as he peered over at her phone screen, curious as to what she had to offer. Scoffing lightly, Naomi swiped her phone away, smiling coyly as he rolled his eyes at her behavior. She could see the hints of a smile in his expression however, so Naomi wasn't buying the whole 'annoyed' act.

"You're so gonna love this."

---

"HEIMDALL!" Naomi screamed for the umpteenth time. Her throat was starting to give out from all the yelling.

The two were currently sat on the facility roof, literally yelling into the sky for what had been an hour. The only method Naomi could think of was getting Heimdall's attention, who could then relay their message to Thor.

"THANOS IS COMING!" Naomi yelled, cupping her hands around her mouth. "THOR NEEDS TO COME TO EARTH! ODIN IS HERE TOO!" Exhausted, Naomi allowed herself to slump onto her back, staring at the morning sky that refused to reply.

"I was promised that I would love this. I want a refund." Tony sassed from beside her, propping himself up on his hands as he lounged out on the roof. He was sporting a pair of fashionable sunglasses alongside Naomi, who had managed to get her hands on a SHIELD uniform so she didn't stay in pajamas the whole time. They were comfy, sure, but hopefully they would be receiving company soon, and Naomi didn't want to be in sweatpants she she met the God of Thunder.

"Oh don't give me that. You were laughing your ass off when we first started this." Naomi sassed right back. Once Tony learned that Naomi's plan was standing on the roof and screaming, he had himself a right good time laughing at her as she attracted the attention of several SHIELD workers on the grounds below. Red-faced, Naomi passed the task off to Tony, who was way too excited about yelling off of a roof, and somehow appeared much cooler than Naomi had.

"That was before you stopped letting me go off-script."

"You couldn't stop quoting The Godfather," Naomi laughed.

"You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married-"

"Dear God."

Their banter was cut shot however, as a giant beam of light hit the ground in the fields of the facility. Scrambling to stand up, their movie quotes forgotten, Tony and Naomi rushed to the side of the building, looking down onto the scene.

The light disappeared as quickly as it came, leaving its trademark Asgardian symbols in a circle burnt into the well-kept grass. In it's center, Thor Odinson himself stood, his long blonde hair swaying in the breeze.

Naomi couldn't help herself from staring in awe for a couple seconds, before remembering that another Avenger was also right next to her. Sheepishly, she glanced at Tony, who looked amused at her clear admiration for the God.

"Shut up."

"I didn't say anything," Tony grinned.

Turning their attention back to Thor, they watched as he made his way toward the building, unconsciously intimidating several employees on his way. It was almost a strange sight for Naomi- Thor wielding Mjolnir with his long hair still intact. However there wasn't time to dwell on it, for it was clear that Thor was currently hyped up for battle when they had none to offer him. All it took was a glance between Naomi and Tony for them to rush to the elevator to greet Thor before someone tried to interfere and got tazed.





12. Resident Prophet





Naomi rocked on the balls of her feet inside the glass elevator, watching the floors travel above them. Light music played in the background, covering the comfortable silence that currently rested between her and Tony. Since they had entered the lift, Tony's sunglasses converted themselves into regular glasses, much to Naomi's jealousy. Her own shades were placed squarely on top of her head, occasionally reflecting light around the surprisingly large elevator.

"I should probably talk him down before-" Tony began.

"I tell him he's a movie character?" Naomi offered, finishing his sentence.

"Probably for the best." He agreed just as the doors opened, sounding with a light ding . The moment they entered the bottom floor, the pair could make out Thor's deep voice, clearly asking for directions to 'the battle.' He was surprisingly polite, considering the circumstances, but Naomi expected no less of her favorite God of Thunder.

ding A glance from Tony told Naomi to hang out around the corner as he entered the main lobby of the Avengers facility. The lobby, along with the rest of the architecture, was extremely modern and sophisticated, featuring glass and metal paneling as its strong suits, Peeking her head around the corner, Naomi watched Tony approach the front desk, where Thor was still speaking to a much shorter and smaller receptionist. The poor man seemed intimidated by the sheer size of Thor, which most men probably would be, Naomi thought.

"Point Break, glad you could make it." Tony greeted, opening his arms in a gesture of grandeur, as if Infinity War was a fancy party. At the sound of Tony's voice, Thor turned around with a trademark smile, laughing deeply as he copied Tony's pose.

"Stark! Good to see you, ah- where is your suit?" Thor questioned, one hand idly swinging Mjolnir back and forth as he stood. Naomi couldn't see Tony's expression from where she stood, but she could imagine it well enough by his overdramatic sigh.

"Currently in the works. I'm afraid that we're in a bit of a time crunch here, so walk with me, will you?" Tony gestured ahead, in the direction of Naomi. Afraid of being spotted listening in by either of them, Naomi quickly ducked around, smoothing down her shiny new SHIELD uniform. She could still hear Thor's booming voice questioning about the nonexistent battle, confused as to why he was called to Earth.

"Never mind that, i've got something way more interesting." Tony replied, rounding the corner with Thor at his side. Naomi straightened at the sight of them, and judging from Tony's overly amused expression, he would tease her about it later. But she couldn't think of that now, focusing on keeping her composure in front of Thor, who was still slightly confused, but rolling with it exceptionally well.

"Point Break, this is Audrey Hepburn- our resident prophet. Hepburn, meet Point Break." Tony's less-then-serious introduction immediately calmed Naomi's nerves, staring at Tony with a sarcastically unamused face before turning her attention back to Thor. Who, bless him, took Tony seriously and extended a hand to Naomi, smiling politely.

"Lady Hepburn, it's a pleasure to meet you. I am Thor, son of Odin." Naomi would have been lying if she claimed not to have blushed slightly she shook his hand. It was no doubt the most gentlemanly sentence ever said to her, by an extremely attractive King/God no less. Thankfully, she calmed herself with a quietly deep breath, and by avoiding eye contact with Tony, who was probably having a hard time not laughing at her pink face.

"It's a privilege to meet you Thor," Naomi began, replicating his politeness. The least polite member of their group was now audibly holding in laughter as Naomi continued to curse him in her mind. "But i'm afraid Tony introduced me by a... nickname. My real name is Naomi Swanson." Naomi clasped her hands in front of her, exhaling as her face returned to its normal color.

"Ah, I see. Then it is a pleasure to meet you, Naomi daughter of Swan." Thor nodded to her, and for the first time Naomi glanced over to Tony and shared a look. She supposed her name could be interpreted that way, but neither of her parents were named Swan. However, she wasn't about to correct the King of Asgard twice in one conversation- so she dropped it with a smile.

"Well that's all fun and games. Shall we, Hepburn?" Tony smirked at the two of them, enjoying the blackmail he would probably use on Naomi later. She shot a light glare, scrunching her nose at him so he knew not to mess with her. Though they both chuckled to themselves at their antics as they began to lead Thor to the lab. Technically, Tony was leading since Naomi didn't know her way around the place, but she still wanted to feel important.

---

"No flash photography, please." Tony gestured his hand at Thor, though the man clearly was not holding a camera. Naomi rolled her eyes as they entered the lab, their holographic plans put away for the moment.

"So, if there is no battle, why was I contacted by Heimdall?" Thor asked, setting down his hammer on Tony's desk, efficiently trapping several files.

"Because we asked him to." Naomi answered, preparing to switch into lecture mode for the second time during her trip to the Marvel dimension. Thor would need to be informed of the majority of what she told Tony before they explained their plan. In all honesty, if Naomi needed to do long lectures every time she encountered a Marvel character, she would lose her voice by the time Thanos even showed up.

"You know of Heimdall? You must be a powerful prophet." Thor's tone turned serious as he contemplated her potential 'prophet powers.'

"Yes she is." "No, i'm not a- Tony!" They said simultaneously. Naomi shot a look of annoyance at the billionaire, who only shrugged in response.

"Im sorry, are you two related?" Thor asked, pointing between them with an entertained look.

"Oh, um, no." Naomi said, her tone softer as she was thrown by the question. If she had looked at Tony, she would have seen him equally surprised. Thor only hummed in response, seemingly a little surprised himself at Naomi's answer.

"Uh, let's get back on track." Tony cut through the silence, gesturing for Naomi to begin her speech. Naomi huffed at the prospect of talking for so long, but being in the same room as two Marvel superheroes was giving her energy. Not to mention her cup of coffee that morning.

"So, what do you know about Infinity stones?" She began, folding her hands together as she took on a professor-like posture. Her knowledge was the only advantage she held in this world of superheroes, so she took it seriously. Thor's face darkened at her question, and he thought about it carefully before he answered.

"I know of the six stones. Space, Reality, Power, Mind, Time, and Soul." Naomi nodded along as he spoke, encouraging him to elaborate. "I was wandering the galaxy when Heimdall contacted me, searching for the Power, Time and Soul stones, though I could not find anything." Thor finished.

"Oh, well we know exactly where those are." Tony piped up, resting his elbows on his desk as he leaned over it. Thor raised his eyebrows at this, no doubt shocked that Tony knew the exact location of the infinity stones Thor could not find. However Thor was never one to hold a grudge against a friend, or even a literally backstabbing brother in most cases.

literally "Excellent, my quest is completed then. Where are they?" He clapped his hands together, pleased with the news.

"Well, there's a lot you need to know before we get into that." Naomi sighed, cracking her neck as she led them all to sit down. She would be doing enough standing when she used the holographs for introducing other heroes and such.

"Do tell, young prophet."

"I'm not actually a- well, actually I do know the future..."

do





13. Names





"And when this- ah, Thanos, won the war?" Thor questioned, leaning forward in his chair.

Naomi's lecture had been more concise the second time, and certain information had been left out after consulting with Tony. Such as the location of the soul stone, which was only currently known by Naomi, Tony, and of course, Gamora. Thor had been an apt listener the entire time, asking questions whenever Naomi took a pause, or failed to elaborate thoroughly. He was especially intrigued by her mention of a different dimension, however she quickly moved onto the topic of Marvel, and he did not ask her anything. She decided to keep the summary of Infinity War as short as possible, wishing the true events to be only known by her, and partially by Tony. Of course, it wasn't her place to keep information from Thor should he wish for it, but Naomi hoped that like Tony, he wouldn't request a casualty list.

"When Thanos won, he destroyed half the universe." Naomi said, the atmosphere in the room turning grave. Tony had fallen silent since she had finally come to explaining the future of their universe. Thor nodded silently at the news, his expression dark and thoughtful. He remained still for several moments, pondering her words.

"Then when do we stop him?" He asked, not showing any doubt in her words. Naomi was slightly surprised at his faith in her honesty, not once had he asked for proof- something that Tony had required a lot of.

"We have a plan," Naomi turned to Tony. "Can you pull up the holograms?" Several flickering screens hovered around the room already, detailing the Infinity Stones or various heroes that Thor had not yet met. Tony nodded in response and moved out of his chair, groaning from sitting down for over an hour straight. Without Tony's extra presence beside her, Naomi suddenly felt somewhat exposed in front of Thor, though he had done nothing to make her uncomfortable. Thankfully, he was quick to question her and end the silence, his voice alight with curiosity.

"So the theory of multiple realities is true then?" The God leaned against the chair back, relaxing after the news of oncoming war. Naomi supposed that war was not a new thing for Thor, so she didn't think on it too hard.

"I suppose. I don't know of any other than mine and this one, but I would say that it's possible." Naomi smiled, happy to see the secret, slightly nerd side of Thor emerge. He listened to her words with the eyes of a child, curious and full of awe. Ever since he explained the nine realms to Jane, Naomi and the rest of stan twitter knew that Thor was a secret science dork. And a regular one.

"I see. Loki was quite fond of that theory when we were children. He would have been pleased to hear that it was true." Thor spoke with a reminiscent smile on his face. Frowning, Naomi realized with only a small degree of worry that Thor still believed his brother to be dead. After all, Thor's reaction in Ragnarok at discovering Loki hadn't been overly violent, so she supposed there was no harm in telling him now. Anyhow, retrieving both Odin and Loki was a part of the master plan.

"Well, we could always tell him on Asgard." Naomi stated plainly, gaging his reaction to see if she had been too blunt. Thor raised his eyebrows, staring at her for a moment before huffing.

"He's on Asgard then." Thor appeared both pleased and resigned at the same time, a unique combination, but one most likely appropriate for the circumstances. Naomi smirked kindly, glad that Thor seemed to have already suspected Loki's survival.

"Yes, i'm afraid we'll have to coax him out of the throne. He is quite fond of the royal theater at the moment." Naomi stated off-handedly, finding humor in Thor's exasperated appearance.

"Loki is ruling? Where is my father?" He questioned, suddenly leaning forward and turning serious. Noticing the change in tone, Naomi quickly changed her expression, apprehensive about annoying Thor. She didn't believe he would ever hurt her, but she did want him to like her, as conceded as that sounded.

"Don't worry- he's safe on Earth at the moment. Our plan begins with returning Odin to the throne and taking Loki with us." Naomi chewed on her lip, hoping to ease the sudden tension that arose when mention of the Allfather came up. If Thor reacted so seriously, Naomi definitely didn't want to see how Loki would react if she brought up Odin. Probably dramatically.

"Good. I must say, i'm impressed by your knowledge, Swanson. You know more than most prophets would." Thor nodded, handing out the compliment casually. Unfortunately, it turned Naomi bright pink once again, still concerned in the back of her mind that Thor seemed to believe her to be a prophet. She had explained the situation with the movies, and the fact that millions watched them, yet he still referred to her as a 'prophet.' Perhaps it was simply a nickname that he decided to stick with.

"Ahm, thank you." Naomi blushed. "Can I ask something?" Thor smiled comfortingly, gesturing for her to go ahead.

"Since I began, ah, explaining everything, you haven't once asked for proof. I can show you it, if you like, but- why are you just trusting what I say?" Naomi frowned, the redness receding from her cheeks as she asked what she had been pondering over for a while. Thor simply tilted his head, considering his reply.

"Mainly because Stark clearly values your words, and I know him to be precise in whom he trusts." Thor stroked his beard as he continued, Naomi remaining silent. "And perhaps, because I can see your honesty. I have lived my life with the lies of my brother, and even my father. The truth in you stands out, from my experience." Satisfied with his answer, Thor nodded to her before rising from his chair, stretching with a grunt before walking to examine the various holograms around the room.

Naomi was left in her chair with two empty ones around her, struck by Thor's words. She didn't blush from them as she had before, because the integrity of them was too sincere for blushing. As she sat, Naomi realized what a noble king Thor would have made, if he had not chosen to reject the throne to avoid corruption. However, the thought of Thor leading his people reminded Naomi of another question she had yet to ask. During the events of Thor: Ragnarok and Infinity War, all of the people that Thor cared for, excluding Jane and the Avengers, were killed. Even the Asgardian people were beaten down into a fourth of their population, probably even less with the attacks of Hela. Of course, the most prevailing among these tragedies was the death of Loki. Thor had only just learned of his survival, and Naomi loathed having to tell him that Loki had been destined to die in a month before her arrival. With the current plan, Loki's life, along with the Asgardian population, would be spared- but it was still a burden to know that if the plan went awry, Loki's demise had already been written. With this in mind, Naomi too rose from her chair, and stood as she watched Thor move across the room.

"I need to ask something else." She called out, bringing his attention back to her. With a look at her face, Thor remained where he stood, their distance bringing a strange sense of royal formality to the setting. Naomi swallowed thickly as Thor waited for her to speak.

"I told you that when Thanos won, he wiped out half the universe. I've seen who died, both from Thanos's victory and along the way... I don't want to keep secrets from you, so I have to ask." Naomi paused, clasping her hands together.

"Do you want names?" Her words rang out in the room, followed by silence. Naomi knew Tony was listening, and made a note that if Thor was to say yes, she would need to tell him away from the cameras and microphones of the facility. She knew of Tony's curiosity, and if he had the information ready at his fingertips, he might be tempted to see it, even if he had asked her not to tell him.

Thor's stance was relaxed at he looked at her from across the floor. His eyes searched hers, his face suddenly tired, reminding her terribly of his manner upon the Guardians ship. He had been so lost, reeling from the death of Loki that he felt he had nothing left to lose. Naomi felt her throat thicken at the idea of telling him the fate of his loved ones, but she knew it was her duty if he asked.

"No." Thor decided, and Naomi slumped in relief, letting out a breath she hadn't realized she had been holding. "What you saw is no longer the future," he continued. "What matters, is preventing the deaths of any that were affected by Thanos."

Naomi smiled, more certain than ever that Thor would have made a great king, yet thankful he had chosen to be a better man.





14. Supercar





Lunch had lasted an hour, any actual eating spread out in intervals between explaining the plan to Thor. Naomi and the two Avengers all agreed that it was best to begin work as early as possible, so Thor's second lecture of the day had been combined with lunch. Naomi felt a twinge of pity for him, the man was used to flying around and battling, and yet had spent the majority of his day sitting and listening. Of course, the pair of them had another long bout of sitting ahead of them, something Thor was not looking forward to.

"Why can't I use my hammer?" The God questioned for the third time, more annoyed than actually confused. Tony, who stood across from him in the facility parking garage, was more than done with Thor's antics.

"Because this is a two passenger trip, and I don't trust Hepburn not to pass out from the blood rush to her face." Tony smirked wryly, the last part directed to Naomi, who stood between them, now blushing for the thousandth time since Thor arrived. She had been correct in her assumption that Tony would tease her for getting flustered around the man, but it wasn't as though she could help it. He looks like a pirate had a baby with an angel , Naomi thought to herself coyly, the quote from Drax cooling her hot cheeks.

He looks like a pirate had a baby with an angel "Swanson would be perfectly fine, I have flown with a passenger before." Thor retorted, though the look on his face clearly said that he hadn't. Neither Tony or Naomi bought it, and though she would have loved to be able to say she had flown with Thor, actually doing it would be terrifying. She was all too aware of her own mortality among the superheroes, and didn't much feel like doing anything to endanger it.

say Huffing as the two men continued their mini pissing contest, Naomi moved to the car Tony had selected for them. She and Thor were about to set off to retrieve Odin before they could travel to Asgard, as a part of stopping Ragnarok. It was a small piece of the master plan, but it would aid if the Asgardian army was alive to help fight Thanos, and it would help Thor's mental state to have his friends remain alive and well. Sipping on her latest cup of hot coffee, Naomi gazed at the Tony's car in a state of confusion and awe. It was built less for aesthetic purpose and more for protection, something unusual for the Stark. Raising an eyebrow, Naomi supposed the Hulkbuster armor hadn't been all too aesthetically pleasing, so it wasn't totally out of the ordinary. The automobile was clearly the most bulked out of the dozens of cars in the garage- shiny and new, but still bulky. The windows were tinted with thick glass, and the armor on the car- for that was all she could think to call it, reminded her of the Iron man suits.

Shrugging to herself slightly, Naomi dumped her small bag in the open trunk, downing the last traces of caffeine in her cup. Her bag only contained the bare necessities, general hygiene products and a spare SHIELD uniform. Of course, the most important part of Naomi's luggage was currently on her person- her sunglasses. Her phone of course, too, the object that held immense knowledge of this dimension and its occupants, including the literal future. Somehow, Tony had found the time to replace Naomi's phone case with a Stark-approved one, bullet-proof with facial scanning ID to enter the phone. It was a bit over-the-top, but with the information it contained, she understood.

Leaning against the supercar, Naomi peered through her shades at the two Avengers, who appeared to be wrapping up their argument. Naomi knew Thor hadn't been overly concerned about not flying, just annoyed that he had to sit still for another hour. As the men made their way to her, she checked her phone to find that it was just past one. It was strange to see that it was so early when so much had already happened. Hell, if the schedule held, Naomi would be in Asgard by nightfall. She exhaled dramatically at the realization, stowing her phone away in the SHEILD belt.

"The car is programmed with the route, so FRIDAY will drive you there." Tony nodded to her, his usual sarcasm disappeared. Thor seemed unconcerned as he moved past Naomi to inspect the car, which consisted of staring at it passive-aggressively, since it was supposed to replace his beloved hammer.

"Why so serious?" Naomi asked, not bothering with the Joker voice- Tony would understand the reference without it. Instead, her tone was more wry in an attempt to raise his spirits. He scoffed at her lame humor, but it did put a small smile on his face, so she achieved her goal.

"I'll continue contacting everyone on Earth, so go run around space and get your ass back, alright." Tony raised an eyebrow at her, crossing his arms while keeping the light smirk.

"You'll be lost without a prophet, I'll stop by if my schedule allows." Naomi sassed, examining her nails in a false aura of fame and self-importance. The act earned a chuckle from Tony, an upgrade on the laughing scale- though Naomi doubted she could get much more out of the man. She too was feeling the melancholy in the air. Naomi was disappointed to leave her surprising new friend to hop around space for a while. In just a few days, the pair had grown oddly close, joking around easily and naturally. She supposed it was because their sense of humor was very alike, as was their love of movie references. Of course, a few of their moments had been spent in seriousness and conversation on a deeper level, though not enough to form a bond akin to family. She didn't know how Tony felt, but the woman was secretly apprehensive about defining her friendship with him, afraid the wonder of his superhero status clouded her perception of their relationship.

"If it weren't for my residential prophet, I might not have been here in a month." He said, his eyes conveying what his words lacked. Tony was weary, especially in the face of another war, but he still found the time to be thankful to Naomi for her warning of the danger. The dubbed 'prophet's' heart swelled, ecstatic to receive a form of thanks and acknowledgement from him. In truth, Naomi didn't feel that she did all that much. She simply shared what she knew, the real heroes would be the ones fighting to save themselves.

However as happy as she was to receive praise, shrouded as it was, Naomi was suddenly weighed back down. Tony claimed that the war might have taken him in its death toll, but she knew it to be false. Naomi was careful to keep her face neutral as the scene forced it's way into her mind once again, the words ringing in her ears.

Please, I don't wanna go...

Please, I don't wanna go... Naomi smiled at Tony instead, hiding the truth he didn't wish to hear. Tony would survive the war, in the place of another he no doubt would have died for.

"I would tell you to call, but reception is pretty bad in space." She shrugged, smiling as the last few minuted of their goodbye ran out.

"I'll just scream on the roof, so keep an ear out." Tony retorted, dispersing the tension in the air. "Time to go," he sighed. He backed up a few paces, behind her Naomi could hear Thor load himself into the car with a grunt.Lingering for a moment, Naomi fingered the empty coffee cup in her hand, before getting an idea.

"Think fast, Tin Man." She called out, tossing the cup at Tony before he could react. He caught it easily once again, earning a pout from Naomi as she moved to her door. Getting into the car, she caught Tony's version of a goodbye, reminiscent from their game of catch two days prior.

"Heads up Hepburn."





15. The Future





"Do you perchance know where Surtur is?"

The question came out of nowhere, semi-blurted out by the brunette in the car as awkward silence ensued. Truth be told, Naomi hadn't considered that she would be sitting next to Thor for at least an hour, alone to boot. She had begun acclimating to his presence, the wonder of meeting the God of Thunder wearing off, leaving excitement to get to know him. Contrary to what Tony probably believed, Namoi wasn't crushing on Thor, though his brother was a slightly different case-

"I believe him to be banished in the realm of Muspelheim, why?" Thor cut off her increasingly embarrassing train of thought about his brother with his answer. Clearing her throat, Naomi brought herself back to the present situation, determined to not stare off into space whilst talking.

"It's part of the plan, since we need to stop Ragnarok and all that." She explained, toying with her phone as her eyes wandered about the car, unsure of where to look. Looking straight ahead seemed rude, however staring right at Thor was a little invasive and awkward. Giving up, she settled for a combination of the two, throwing occasional glances at the mountain of a man beside her.

"Ragnarok? You've seen the fall of Asgard?" Thor seemed to have no qualms about looking straight at her, and Naomi prayed she was getting over her blushing phase. Shifting her legs so she could face more towards him, Naomi studied the man for a second before she replied. Unwilling to stare previously, she hadn't realized how comical he looked. Thor hadn't changed out of his Asgardian armor yet- Naomi was definitely not going to ask him to change, not before she had even had a proper conversation with him. Mjolnir rested on the floor in front of him, between his splayed feet in the spacious leg room. However the car was clearly built for someone of Tony's stature- as in, short af , Naomi taunted in her mind, fully aware that she was an inch shorter than the man. Thor was forced to hunch over slightly, just enough to make it an awkward position.

as in, short af "Yeah, it happened right before Infinity War." Naomi focused on keeping her voice casual, something she usually never had trouble with. Though these were not usual circumstances. "If I remember correctly, you've had visions of the, ah, fall of Asgard too?" She questioned, praying in the back of her mind that she hadn't stepped over a line with the inquiry.

"I have!" Thor, of course, was not offended by her knowledge of him, instead enthusiastic about her 'prophetic ability.' "I have seen Asgard on fire recently, in small bits and pieces. I was going to investigate when I was summoned by Heimdall." Thor opted by this point to slump in his seat rather than crouch, a strange mixture of formal battle attire and a lazy position. Naomi herself took it as a cue that she could relax her posture, though she kept her knees crossed- bobbing her foot out of habit.

"Well don't worry, everything should be fine once we put Odin back on the throne, though it wouldn't hurt to grab Surtur's crown along the way." Naomi nodded pursing her lips as she thought back to her and Tony's plan. Stopping Ragnarok wasn't integral to preventing Infinity War, but it was annoying and frustrating the plan- so as Tony so eloquently put it, they 'put a pin in it.' The demise of a planet could wait.

"Wonderful, another battle has been solved before it begun. Tell me, just how far does your knowledge go?" Thor questioned, pivoting his torso to face her. Sitting in the car wasn't making for the most comfortable conversation, that was for sure.

"Well, pretty much all the major battles that you, or any of the Avengers have faced. We already went over some of the other heroes you haven't met yet- I've seen their battles too."Naomi chewed on her lip, giving a small 'oh' or surprise when she glanced at Thor to see him anticipating more. "Well, ah, for you, the first time we saw you was when you were banished to Earth, and the events surrounding that. The second time we saw you- at least in a solo film- was all the stuff with the convergence and the dark elves." A hint of a smile grew on her face, remembering her favorite movies without having to plan for defense against Thanos. "The next solo film of yours is Ragnarok, but, that's no longer happening." She finished, drawing out a breath.

Thor's face was infinitely curious, whether it was because he was really interested or really bored from the car ride, Naomi couldn't say for sure. But all that mattered was that he was listening to her spill the fact that she watched his largest battles in what could only be described in a stalker-like fashion- and not get offended. It was astonishing to her that neither Tony nor Thor had reacted negatively to her knowledge, though she knew her good luck probably would not last. Naomi had a feeling that heroes such as Natasha wouldn't take as kindly to her.

"And you are able to share these visions with others? Through footage?" Thor drew out the word 'footage,' only slightly unfamiliar with it. Naomi grinned and nodded, already thinking of what she could show him. The more meaningful scenes were out of the question, of course, but the comedy scenes from Ragnarok were entirely up for grabs in her mind.

"Wanna see the future?" Naomi smirked at Thor, her previous shyness dissipating as she moved into her new element of comfort. She had always known more about the Marvel universe than the average moviegoer- and now that knowledge was employed 24/7 for both entertainment and life-saving purposes. Showing Tony her close-up videos of some of his more embarrassing moments had been hilarious, at least to her.

"Are you sure you and Stark aren't related?" Thor questioned suddenly, throwing her off her new groove. Spending over 24 hours with the man had certainly heightened her sassiness and movie-quoting powers. However, as incorrect as the assumption was, she couldn't be offended by it. Being related to Tony would have been an honor, at least in Naomi's eyes.

"I'm afraid not. But I can tell you all about his adopted son Spiderman." Naomi's eyes glinted as she began pulling up video evidence of Tony and Peter's father-son relationship. Thor simply raised his eyebrows, his lips forming an 'o' as he leaned over to watch her phone screen.

all "Stark adopted a spider?"

" Yes ."

Yes





16. Establish Dominance





It wasn't a spot for tourism, that was no doubt. It was simply a sidewalk in front of a still-standing retirement home. But to the brunette with a bob, it was more valuable than the empire state building.

Naomi was standing alone for the moment, as Thor retrieved his father- in civilian clothes, thank god. So she took the opportunity to take a quick selfie with the sidewalk where Thor and Loki would've stood in a month. She ignored the few odd looks she got as she looked around the scene with a light smile. Mainly, she was taking in the view seeing as it was her last few moments on Earth. Though Loki had no doubt given Skurge orders not to allow Odin back on Asgard, Naomi knew for a fact that the rule did not apply to Thor. Hopefully, Thor's orders would override Loki's, or at the very least Skurge would be too careless to notice the two extra passengers. Hitching a ride on the bifrost with Odin wasn't something Naomi was looking forward to, however. As a devoted fan of Loki and Thor, Naomi had no choice but to seriously question his parenting methods.

Humming a light tune as she waited, Naomi's eyes watched the front door of the retirement home behind her shades. If she was going to meet the King of Asgard, she wanted to be able to hide her emotions better than ever. Even if he insulted her, which he probably would, a light smirk with some designer shades would let Odin know how much his opinion mattered to her. He never apologized for screaming at Loki, so she wouldn't apologize to him.

The doors opened finally- revealing Thor bumming it out in his Midgardian outfit, and some old guy with an eyepatch, the Allfather. Naomi took a breath to calm herself as she squared her shoulders, walking forward to meet them.

"Father, this is the Lady Swanson- she is the one who led me to you." Thor introduced, gesturing to Naomi as he looked down at his father. It was strange seeing their relationship in person- Thor held himself differently in Odin's presence, despite the lack of a throne or armor. Casting the thought aside, Naomi grinned at Thor for his overly formal introduction. It was cute- though a part of her wanted to keep the nickname 'prophet.' Call it a guilty pleasure, but the name was cool, and it was given to her by a literal Norse God.

"I see. You are of Midgard." Odin scrutinized her, his single visible eye judging. Naomi refused to shift or squirm under his gaze, and stood her ground. She may have been a bit of a blushing mess around Thor- and no doubt would be around Loki- but Odin was one of the few characters she fiercely opposed. However he was still a king, and Thor was right there.

"I am. I have witnessed much of your rule." Naomi smiled to him, hoping that her meaning had gotten across to him. She had seen the way he treated his sons, and decided she much preferred Frigga. Odin squinted at her in suspicion, straightening his posture in a superior stance. Naomi stayed still, she had worked in an office long enough to know how to establish dominance.

much "Yes, Lady Swanson is a gifted prophet- she had foreseen Ragnarok, and the oncoming war." Thor praised, and despite herself Naomi felt her cheeks grow tinged. Apparently she hadn't gotten over Thor's puppy dog smile in person. Odin however appeared unimpressed, he kept his judgmental gaze locked onto her. Turning her attention to the blonde, Naomi threw a 'thank you, Thor,' his way before beckoning for the two to follow. Normally she would have never waved for Thor to follow her, this was simply a power move over Odin. She could practically feel his eye boring a hole into her back as she led them into an alleyway.

It was only suiting that she came into this world in an alleyway, and leave it in one too, she supposed. Away from overly prying eyes, Thor brought the two staring daggers at each other closer as he called out for Skurge. He seemed unaware of the silent rivalry between his father and his prophet.

However soon the bifrost descended onto them, shooting down from Asgard. Naomi tore off her sunglasses as she turned to stare at the rainbow enveloping them. It lasted only for a second, before she was shooting off the ground. Thor wrapped his hand around her forearm to steady her, and Naomi silently thanked him. She knew just what would happen if she fell out of the bifrost- and she wasn't ready to meet the grand master.

The ride was over all too soon, and left Naomi rocking back and forth on her feet, trying to feet her balance. Thor steadied her, and as she caught her bearings, a large smile lit up her face. The golden room glistened and outside she could see the rainbow bridge shining. In the corner, the pile of Skurge's 'stuff' lay prone, though the sight made her chuckle to her companions confusion. In the center of it all stood Skurge himself, standing on the pedestal looking paler than usual. She followed his gaze to Odin, who was beginning to soak in Asgards power. He and Thor both shifted back into their traditional clothes- leaving Naomi feeling somewhat underdressed.

Eventually, the would've- been executioner noticed the third party, smirking at him like she knew his secrets.

"Hey Skurge, mind if I get a picture?"





17. First Audition





Naomi was, to put it simply, having a blast in Asgard. After her selfie with a very confused Skurge, the three had made their way into the city square at the foot of the palace. It was clearly meant for the wealthy gentry of the Asgardians, filled with fine jewelry and battle armor alike. After arriving into the center, Odin had split away to speak with a royal guard, Thor following after. Naomi herself was perfectly content to roam about the square among the Asgardians, the majority of them a few inches taller than Naomi. However that didn't matter much, since they all avoided her as though she were a threat.

She supposed that arriving with the King and a Prince could leave an impression on them, coupled with her 'strange' Midgardian clothes. However that didn't stop her from pestering one of the many guards until he took a photo with her. It was a new decision of hers to photograph her journey- with proof that she was actually there, of course. Maybe she could make an album once this was over, though she couldn't very well show it to her friends and family back in her dimension. It was a thought that rested in the back of her mind, pushed away in favor of the task at hand. Naomi didn't know if she would ever be able to return home, but for the moment she simply had to focus on saving these sons of bitches. Anyway , she thought to herself, I've probably already lost my job at the Office . Attendance was so annoying.

Anyway I've probably already lost my job at the Office "Lady Swanson, we are leaving." The booming voice rang out in the square, and immediately whispers broke out in the crowd. Hearing Thor Odinson address her with a respectable title was certainly throwing them off, casting their gazes over her as Naomi made her way toward Thor. She was too in awe of Asgard to worry about its gossiping occupants, so she remained unbothered behind her sunglasses. Besides, it probably wasn't anything disrespectful, considering who she was traveling with.

"Did you find Loki?" Naomi asked, following behind as they began walking. There was no need to weave through the crowd, as everyone in their path soon stood aside.

"Yes, I believe we have. What do you know of Loki?" Thor fell back slightly to walk beside Naomi. She chewed on her lip, considering the question. It wouldn't do to gush over him, especially not in front of a rather ticked-off Odin. She considered her next words carefully, knowing the Allfather was listening in.

"I've seen many of Loki's low points, and his high ones too. He's a person that's been through a lot, I don't think he always knows how to deal with it." Her brow furrowed as she thought back on the God of Mischief. He truly hadn't had many opportunities to rest and be happy- except for perhaps Ragnarok, where he had seemed the most reformed and stable. The thought made Naomi feel guilty for preventing Ragnarok, though she knew she shouldn't since Loki would face Thanos right after the movie. Thor nodded along to her words, seemingly approving of her opinion.

"I've seen more bad things happen to him than good, and though I don't approve of some of his actions, I think he's a good person." Her bold statement wavered the two Gods with her, though she kept her pace steady, removing her sunglasses and sliding them onto her head. Her fan-status of Loki began to seep through as she continued, her eyes passionate. "He's been cheated and lied to and used- it's enough to make anyone go crazy. But at his core, he's a good man," Naomi turned her head up to Thor, who was watching her with a stricken expression. "And he loves you Thor. He wouldn't admit it but I've seen it. You believe in him, and so do I."

Releasing a breath, a satisfied smile emerged on her face, glad to have said her piece of mind. She knew Loki wasn't perfect, especially now that she shared a dimension with him- but Naomi also knew that he had been redeemed for his actions, even if it was in his last scene. The sudden thought of his death sobered her, her eyes hardening as she remembered what she came to Asgard to do.

Walking beside her, Thor wore a proud smile on his face, obviously pleased with her reply. "You hold a great deal of faith in him, I pray that he deserves it." The three turned into a sprawling courtyard, with a small temporary stage set up at the opposite end. There was a large line of people waiting to go up onto the stage, where in pairs they appeared to act out a scene, holding large scripts in their hands. Naomi broke out in a grin at the sight- she knew exactly what this was. Facing the stage, a decorative couch was laid out, with several attendants surrounding it.



"Oh he definitely deserves it." Naomi grinned. She was a sucker for Loki's dramatics, the fact that he wrote a play about his death and ordered for a statue of him. Speaking of his statue, Naomi made a mental note to have someone take her picture by it.

"You speak very casually for one so young." Odin's words were laced as he stared across the courtyard, his posture rigid and unyielding.

"Thank you." Naomi slid past him, striding across the grass. Thor was quick to follow beside her, leaving Odin at the back, obscured from the view of the people ahead. She could feel his scorn for her, but it paled in comparison to the fact that the God of Mischief was only 30 feet away. Thor quickened his pace so he arrived first at the scene, hovering behind the couch as Naomi and Odin caught up. Naomi could feel her heart racing as she stood behind the fake Odin- who was blissfully unaware of their presence as he watched his theater.

"Next!" Loki-Odin called out, the two people on stage hurrying off. It dawned on Naomi that he was holding auditions for the Tragedy of Loki of Asgard, his self-written play where he was portrayed by Matt Damon. She scanned the line of actors for him, but her view was obstructed by the excessive amount of servants around. Several of them had taken notice of the Prince and the extra King, but had thankfully chosen to be shocked in silence. It was probable that they already knew Loki was posing as Odin- his behavior wasn't exactly subtle.

As she watched, two male actors walked onto the stage, positioning themselves on the far left before walking across over-exaggeratedly, reading from their scripts.

"This is so unlike you, Brother- so clandestine." One actor read, a grin present on his face. Realizing immediately what she was watching, Naomi's hand flew up to cover her mouth. She literally shook with the effort of keeping silent, something that both concerned and confused Thor. Odin was simply annoyed, per usual. Naomi was witnessing Loki hold auditions for his play using the scene where he mocks Captain America. It was quite possibly the most beautiful thing she had ever witnessed- even though the acting was terrible and the lines were paraphrased.

"...Perhaps you would prefer one of your new companions." The Loki actor unfortunately did not turn into Captain America, instead ending the scene there, much to Naomi's disappointment. In front of her, Loki-Odin shifted in his seat, and though she couldn't see his face, she knew he was scrutinizing the performance.

"Is this your first audition?" He questioned, his voice full of amused contempt. Onstage, the two nodded fervently, anxious to be addressed by the 'King.'

"I have a tip for future ones; don't." He stated flatly, relaxing back into his seat and beckoning for a glass of wine. "Don't quit your day job." He called after the exiting performers, waving good-bye. Thor straightened, having seen enough.

"I thought they were quite good." He shrugged, his voice immediately making Loki-Odin flinch, the wine sloshing in his glass. His visible eye wide, he turned in his seat to see Thor- standing next to the real Odin. Loki was twisted away from Naomi, staring at 2/3's of their party without seeing her. Her eyebrows shot up as she realized that she had the perfect opportunity to surprise him with a witty statement- the best way to be introduced to Loki. Smiling slyly, Naomi slunk away from the three, where Loki had begun to ramble and protest weakly. It wouldn't do him much good to continue to pretend to be Odin since the real one was before him. Ducking behind a cluster of servants, Naomi stood on her toes to peer over their heads- formulating her opening line as she waited for her opportunity. Though her heart was beating so quickly, she idly wondered if she would be able to get the words out.

"Alright, alright- you've discovered me." Loki accepted his defeat with an air of grace, transforming back into himself with his hands raised in a placating gesture. He was smiling knowingly at his brother and father, though his eyes were filled with contempt.



"Loki, you have committed treason against Asgard for the last time," Odin began in his kingly lecture voice. Thor gazed at his brother silently, Loki only meeting his eyes for a moment before staring defiantly at his adoptive father.

"I would hardly call this treason." He shrugged, his smile widening in amusement. Odin didn't take kindly to Loki treating his apparent arrest as a joke, his voice raising to a shout.

"You have conspired against me- and all of Asgard! Your rule is a curse upon this planet!" Odin yelled, Loki's joking aura dissipating as he faced his furious father. Thor stepped back from Odin, his expression troubled as he paid witness to Odin's rage against Loki. Naomi, however, didn't take kindly to the old man screaming at her favorite character, and stepped out from behind the servants.

"I would hardly call the 'Tragedy of Loki of Asgard' a curse." Naomi strode toward them, her eyes locked on Odin as she felt their stares fall upon her. In the corner of her vision, she could see the emerald green of Loki's attire. A flushed smile on her face, Naomi sent up a prayer that she wasn't blushing as she met Loki's curious gaze. "It's more of a theatrical masterpiece, in my oh-so humble opinion."

Loki looked her over, taking in her SHIELD uniform and quirking an eyebrow at her praise. Odin stewed in his anger, forgotten by Loki as he stood amused. To the side, Thor let out a breath of relief, thankful to be spared from hearing Odin's lectures.

"I don't believe we've been introduced." Loki smirked at her, clasping his hands. Naomi was definitely blushing, but she managed to speak clearly, to her credit. The Odinson boys were simply a lot to handle for her heart.

"I'm Naomi Swanson, and uh, I think I know the perfect cast for your production." She beamed in response. Loki raised his eyebrows but smiled nonetheless, his signature grin spreading across his features.

"That is enough out of you!" Odin bellowed, scaring the few servants who stuck around to watch the scene unfold. Naomi flinched, beginning to fear that Odin was coming close to threatening her well-being. She trusted that Thor wouldn't stand for her getting hurt, but Odin was still an intimidating figure, in his golden armor and superior aura. Not for the first time, Naomi was reminded of her civilian status around these Gods and superheroes, and just how easily they could take her down.

"Father-" Thor interjected, his voice troubled as he stepped closer to Naomi's side. It seemed he was also aware of how vulnerable Naomi was on Asgard, especially without the Kings favor.

"Do not risk yourself over another Midgardian, Thor," Odin sneered. "You have claimed her a prophet, and yet she has done nothing but disrespect me, and the people of Asgard." His features screwed up as he slandered her, the two brothers watching for her reaction. Odin turned to face Naomi, who crossed her arms over her chest as she stood against the accusations. "You have deceived your way into Asgard, but I see you for what you are. Nothing but a false prophet- a liar!"

another They all fell silent, Odin's words hanging in the air as they collectively watched Naomi. She remained still, cursing herself as she blinked away wetness in her eyes. She wasn't one to cry easy, but being screamed at was something that never ceased to shake her. However shedding tears just because she was reprimanded was not something she was about to do in front of the Princes. Odin insulted her, claimed her as a liar and a false prophet- which was technically true since she wasn't a real prophet- but the sentiment behind it struck her. Her knowledge was the one advantage she had in this world, the only way to stay afloat in a sea of ridiculously overpowered heroes. Uncrossing her arms, Naomi's hands balled into fists as she stepped closer to Odin. Her eyes were reddened, but as she grew closer she realized that Odin was only two inches taller than her, making his Kingly stance seem less formidable. He stood his ground, but Naomi drew in a breath as she faced him, the words 'false prophet' ringing in her ears.

real "I'm not a liar. I've only told Thor the truth since I've met him, and I intend to give the same right to Loki." Naomi narrowed her eyes, not catching Loki's surprised expression at her words. "The same cannot be said of you."

Odin sucked in a breath, looking to all the world as if he was about to strike her down, but Naomi held up a hand, shocking him with her audacity enough to stall him. "I'm not finished. You called me a 'false prophet,' so heres a prophecy for you." She stepped back, leveling herself with Thor and Loki, who were equally shocked at her bold attitude with Odin. Though Loki was much more amused than Thor, admittedly.

"You are going to tell the Gods of Thunder and Mischief about the Goddess of Death. Or I will."

Odin paled, his former rage dissipating into jarring disbelief. His eye widened and his mouth hung slightly agape, giving him the appearance of a fish out of water. Naomi grinned at her victory, and the two beside her looked on in confusion.

"How dare you-!" Odin gasped, pointing at her. "How did you-" He was cut off by the brunette, who folded her arms as she smiled at him.

"I'm a prophet, bitch ."

bitch Loki burst into laughter, his eyes alight as he watched her stare down the King. "Oh, I like her."





----

A/N

A/N The scene used for the auditions is linked below, in case anyone didn't know what I was referencing.

The scene used for the auditions is linked below, in case anyone didn't know what I was referencing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpy22Yosp04





Hope you enjoyed!

Hope you enjoyed!





18. Bitch





She called the King of Asgard a bitch. It was a strange thought, and it plagued Naomi's mind as they traveled to a more comfortable location. After she let the name 'Goddess of Death' slip, Odin had avoided interrogation by moving the party elsewhere. Currently, the old man was leading them around the hallways of the palace, with his two sons following behind at an awkward distance from each other. Naomi trailed behind, her eyes glued to her phone as she processed the events so far. She knew she was missing out on some fantastic alien architecture, but it had been so long since she scrolled through her photo gallery of Marvel shitposts- her largest album- and she needed a break from everything. From meeting her second prince to cursing out his adoptive father, it had been an interesting day for the regional office worker.

Distraced by a Peter Parker shitpost, she hardly noticed that the two men walking ahead of her were slowly decreasing their pace, leading her to walk straight between them. Flanked by Thor and Loki, the two tried inconspicuously to peer over her shoulder. Of course, Thor was much more obvious about it.

"Pray tell, who is 'Aunt May and Peter?'" Loki spoke out from beside her, successfully scaring Naomi to release a series of mumbled curses as she flinched. Much to her embarrassment, both men found this funny, and shamelessly grinned at her teasingly. Her face flushed for the umpteenth time, Naomi shot a nervous look at Loki before clearing her throat. The close proximity to him was fogging her thoughts- even more so than Thor had.

"Um, well they're- Peter is Tony's kid." She decided, cringing at herself and avoiding their gazes, staring ahead at Odin's back. Much to her relief, Thor let out an 'ah' of revelation, having already been informed of Tony's 'son.'

"Yes, the spider-boy, you've told me of him." He nodded, comforting Naomi out of her disconcerted state. She shot a light smile at him, becoming less and less likely to blush from Thor's words by the second. His brother was stealing the spotlight from him in that category, though unknowingly.

Seeking attention, Loki switched to walking backwards, facing Thor and Naomi with a charismatic smile. His stride managed to stay seemingly effortless even as he switched positions, definitely not helping Naomi's cheeks.

"You seem to know much, my lady." He commented, his tone deceivingly light. Loki cocked his head to the side, raising a brow, "You are a true prophet, then?" Naomi contemplated his question, his curiosity making her suspicious. She believed Loki was a good person, definitely, but he also loved chaos and had no reason to care for her well-being yet.

her "Technically, no." She spoke in an overly hushed tone, a shakily secretive smile on her lips. "But don't tell Odin that."

Loki chuckled, his grin creasing his eyes and nearly giving her a heart attack. Naomi's soft spot for him was quickly becoming a health problem.

"Then I look forward to figuring you out." The green-eyed god dipped his head to her before turning around, their party having arrived in a large conference hall. Naomi paid no attention to the glistening gold around her as she thought over Loki's words. It was a strange mixture of an invitation and a threat, something only Loki could achieve and still send her heart into acrobatics. A lightly giddy smile spread onto Naomi's face as she realized it meant she would be talking with Loki more in the future- especially if they were brining him along on the ride.

Unfortunately, she was snapped out of her bliss when Odin cleared his throat, taking a seat at the head of the over-sized table. It might have looked silly to only have four seated where thirty could easily fit- Odin at the head with Thor and Naomi sharing a side, Loki distancing himself from all of them. Meeting eyes with the vexing King pushed away any ditzy thoughts about Loki cluttering her mind.



"The girl is to remain silent." Odin declared, staring her down as Naomi's eyes widened with disbelief. To have the audacity to refer to her as 'girl,' straight to her face, was almost comically rude. Especially considering that the attempted-tyrant of Earth had called her 'my lady.' It was offensive to the point that Naomi even forgot her nervousness around Loki. With a cocked eyebrow, Naomi turned to face him across the table, mouthing ' this bitch ,' nodding to Odin. Meeting her gaze, Loki smirked at her, replying with ' I know .'

this bitch I know No doubt this exchange went observed by both Odin and Thor alike, but neither chose to comment on it, saving Naomi from any more embarrassment.

"Father," Thor interrupted, "why must the lady Swanson be silent?" Naomi smiled at Thor's sweet sentiments, touched instead of blushing.

"She is a disruption." Odin decided with an air of finality. Of course, one person in the room simply couldn't bare but to question such a statement, if only to annoy his father.

"And yet she had spoken nothing but the truth." Loki's tone was teasing, meant more to prod at Odin than to compliment Naomi. But that didn't stop her from reading into it extensively, sending Loki an appreciative look.

' Masterpiece ,' she mouthed slyly, referring to her earlier praise of his self-written tragedy. Loki tilted his head back, his eyes prideful as his lips curled into a smile. Mischievously, he sent a quick wink her way- almost tauntingly, yet with a pleased air. Of course, this immediately sent Naomi's poor heart into palpitations, tearing her eyes away from his amused face with a prayer she didn't resemble a firetruck.

Masterpiece "Brother." Thor said, crossing his arms with a fondly reprimanding look. Loki's response was a simple shrug, deceitfully innocent. He was enjoying the little family reunion- or he was simply pretending to. Even though Naomi had watched Loki on screen dozens of times, and picked apart his sentences and expressions for hidden meaning with hundreds of others, sitting in front of him was something else entirely. He was guarded, that she could tell, but it hadn't been long enough to be able to see past his charismatic facade.

"That is enough," Odin said. "The fate of Asgard has yet to be secured, thanks to Loki's carelessness with the throne. I will not have my sons squabbling like children." He seethed, curling his lip in disdain as he surveyed them. Thor straightened, the words taking their effect. Loki did not change his posture out of quiet defiance, but his joking expression fell- his face smoothing over like a statue. Shocked at the change in them, Naomi's brow furrowed as she looked between the two men, somber as they listened to their fathers harsh words. It arose a new sense of anger in Naomi, quiet and smoldering when her cherished heroes slumped like kicked puppies. Her face screwed up in disgust as she stood taller, staring into Odin's eye challengingly. Perhaps she was overreactive, and overprotective, but witnessing his effect in person was devastatingly repulsive.

"Now I can see in person what kind of father you are." Her eyes locked onto his, she stood slowly, her chair scraping against the gilded tile. It was a foolish move to defy the King twice in a day, but it didn't occur to Naomi when the brothers happy atmosphere was extinguished like it was nothing. "You treat them like soldiers, you cast them out when they don't listen to everything you say!" Her eyes were ablaze and her rage grew to match Odin's, who joined her in standing, pressing his hands onto the table until his knuckles turned white. She knew better than many what his rage could entail, yet Naomi continued on.

"Though I suppose Thor and Loki are supposed to be grateful, since you haven't imprisoned them in Hell," Naomi's voice rose to a shout. "Like you did your first daughter!" She jabbed a finger at him, directing all the blame with a gesture as the princes whipped their heads to face Odin. They wore matching expressions of shock and confusion, seeking confirmation on her wild accusation.

"Your firstborn, Hela the Goddess of Death! You threw her away and you-"

"ENOUGH!" Odin screamed, silencing Naomi. For a second, the room fell silent with tension. Thor looked to Odin as Loki looked at Naomi, both of whom were breathing heavily with the effort of their anger. Then the moment passed, and Odin leaned back from the table. A strange sense of calm washed over him as he took his seat, bewildering Naomi, who remained standing. He looked to her, deadpan, his voice lazy as he called out.

"Guards."

Without hesitation, the conference room doors opened to reveal a set of royal guards, sharpened spears resting in their fists. Realization dawned on Naomi as she turned between the new arrivals and the King.

"Arrest her."

They started toward her, hands clasping their spears tightly in case she resisted. Her heart dropped as the pair crossed the room, dead set on her. Thor quickly stood in protest, Loki joining after with a genuinely troubled expression. However, a barked order from their father silenced them, their cries falling on deaf ears. Naomi's heart beat erratically out of fear, her limbs stiffening as they grabbed her arms, a guard on each side. Her hands were forced behind her back and secured tightly as Odin watched on with a placated expression. Her eyes caught Thor's as they began to roughly pull her away from the table. His eyes were saddened at the sight of her being taken away, but his stance was aggressive- it gave Naomi hope that Thor would fight for her release.

Sliding her eyes away from Thor, her gaze locked with an emerald green one- filled with a look of melancholy recollection. Loki no doubt remembered being 'escorted' away from Odin in the past. Nevertheless, he was disappointed to watch her leave, giving Naomi a small piece of comfort.

Stumbling, Naomi pulled against the guards just before they reached the door, pressing for a final moment in the room. She used it wisely, meeting stares with the King of Asgard to have the last word.

" Bitch, " She spat.

Bitch,





19. Remarkable





" Bitch! "

Bitch! Naomi's last word resonated in the air after she was pulled out, her eyes still alight with rage as the door slammed in front of her. Thor and Loki remained standing, staring after the door as Odin folded his hands in his lap, pleased.

"Insufferable child." He commented, waving away the woman he just imprisoned like it was an everyday occurrence. However his sons were not so easily swayed to let the matter drop. Thor stewed in his anger, unwilling to break the silence and address the King first. Loki, noticing this, rolled his eyes and began the barrage.

"Her company is only insufferable to you, dear father ." His words bit like steel, cutting through the affectionate term to reveal his true thoughts of Odin. The man started slightly at his sons bold statement, surveying him coldly.

dear father "I suppose deceivers may share company comfortably."

Odin's hard tone infuriated Loki, his cool facade splintering from his adoptive father's insults. Thor, who had looked on in troubled silence, spoke up at the verbal abuse of his brother.

"Father, you are wrong in your assumptions of the lady. She might have been rash in her words to you, but she is honest- her intentions are pure." He chose his words carefully, burying his initial anger in favor of a peaceful approach. Odin merely scoffed at his claims, offended at their defense of Naomi. On the opposite end of the table, Loki smoothed over his expression, wearing a winning smile that failed to meet his eyes.

"And what of her prophecy? It was fulfilled- that cannot be denied." Loki's words were charmed, in a figurative sense, his stature polite as he delivered his accusations. "She so kindly informed us of another sibling- the next 'surprise' in the family." Chuckling with a thinly veiled disgust, Loki underhandedly dealt the title of 'deceiver' to Odin- who so often lied to his children. Thor nodded along to his brother, his agreement a silent defiance against their father. Cornered, Odin had no choice but to reveal his firstborn daughter's existence.

"Hela became a threat to Asgard. Her violent appetites grew beyond my control. I couldn't stop her so I imprisoned her, locked her away. She draws her strength from Asgard, and my life is the only thing containing her in Hell." Odin was reluctant to give his explanation, refusing to look up and meet the betrayed stares of his sons. Loki was the one to remain silent this time, the tale of his older sister resonating within him. Instead, Thor spoke up, intent on the matter at hand.

"Then lady Swanson has told us the truth once more!" He protested, taking the news of an imprisoned sibling in stride. "She should not have been arrested, father. She was disrespectful, and nothing more." Thor was firm, leaning forward onto the table. Loki was surprised at Thor's violent defense of the 'prophet,' an almost amused look emerging on his face.

"She has been disrespectful since I bore the misfortune of meeting her. That child has no place on Asgard- I shall send her back to Midgard as soon as Heimdall returns." A hint of his earlier rage slipped through, sending Loki a dirty look at the mention of Heimdall, whom Loki had fired in favor of Skurge. The trickster God only shrugged innocently, smirking once Odin looked away.

"Father I say this in upmost sincerity, but if Naomi Swanson is sent away," Thor jabbed his finger into the table for emphasis. "We are all of us doomed."

Thor's dark prediction sent a chill through the air, Loki dropping his smirk as Odin widened his eye at the bold statement.

"Do tell." Loki said, only half-jokingly. Thor shot both him and Odin looks to convey the seriousness of the topic, before finally resuming his seat. Loki followed suit with an eye-roll, leaning against the back of his chair with an uncaring air. Oppositely, Thor leaned forward in his seat, craning to convince them of Naomi's importance.

"Her visions as a prophet are true- she has shown me them myself." Thor said, catching loci's interest. "She hails from an alternate dimension where such visions of our future are common- public even." Now Loki was fully enraptured, entertained with the prospect of different dimensions while Odin scoffed.

"This is foolishness, she has deceived you."

"No, father." Thor glowered with frustration, finally rendering Odin silent. Loki propped his elbows on the golden table, lacing his lingers together to rest his chin on.

"Continue." Loki smiled, reveling in the new information spilled. Thor sent him a warning look before continuing.

"Lady Swanson has extremely detailed knowledge of our future- she can even show you the evidence she provided me. Naomi has worked with Tony Stark on Midgard to prevent the future she foresaw from taking place." Thor's tone quieted, growing heavier with the knowledge she had given him. "Had Naomi not interfered, Asgard would have fallen to Ragnarok at the hands of Surtur, and now I believe Hela."

Pausing, he straightened, staring Odin in the eye before making his next extraordinary claim. "She did not tell me directly, but I have reason to believe that had she not instructed me on where to find you, and to bring you back to Asgard," Thor swallowed. "You would be dead in a month, father."

Heavy silence fell over the room as they each contemplated Thor's words, brining Naomi into a new light of perspective. Odin appeared thoughtful, gazing at the table before deciding his response to such news.

"The effects of Midgard had begun to take a toll on me." The King admitted, reluctantly recognizing Naomi's role in saving his life.

"Naomi has already saved you, and she intends to save the entire universe- or half of it, from what I remember." Thor grew lighter as he spoke of Naomi's plan- her insane, impossible plan to stop a mad Titan.

"Naomi must be a remarkable woman." Loki interjected, his words sly on the surface, and yet genuine underneath. Thor had learned to recognize his brothers double meanings- taking Loki's appreciation of Naomi to heart.

"She is rash and disrespectful," Thor smiled lightly. "But she left her home to save ours without a complaint." Odin surveyed his son carefully, searching for any signs that Thor didn't believe in what he was saying. Finding none, the old man sighed exasperatedly, calling for the royal guards a second time.

"Release the prophet."





20. Thank You





Once again, Naomi Swanson found herself being escorted down a hallway by two Asgardian royal guards. However the second time, she was free from handcuffs and was not held by her arms being dragged. Released from her barren jail cell after a grand total of seven minutes, Naomi now followed her guards with a cautious air, knowing she was most likely being brought back to Odin.

The armored men in front of her gave no answers when she questioned why she was released, and by who. For all she knew, they were just clones of Loki and she was bring jail-breaked. It wouldn't have been the worst plot-twist, in her mind.

Their short journey ended at the towering conference room doors, the doors opened for her unceremoniously. A hint of confusion and surprise was all that could be found in her expression, carefully smoothed over. For whatever reason, she was no longer sitting in a cell but she knew Odin would not hesitate to throw her back in should she misbehave.

Left standing alone at the edge of the room, Naomi met the stares of each of the three men separately. Thor was pleasantly satisfied to see her, though something in his eyes was changed when he looked at her. If she had held herself in higher esteem, Naomi would have thought it deference. Loki remained amused as ever, crossing his arms on the table as he leaned forward to peer at her. However he too seemed different, looking her over with an air of humbled curiosity. Her eyes lingered on Loki for perhaps a second too long, however he was guilty of the same. Lastly, Naomi met the stare of Odin. His was blank and flat; she supposed it was an upgrade from a disgusted air.

"My sons, I wish to speak to the prophet alone." Odin said. His tone left little room for defiance, per usual. Thor and Loki each stood from their seats, strolling toward her as they headed for the exit. Thor was quicker to reach Naomi, leaning in to her as he passed with a secret smile.

"Don't scream at each other." His advice was flourished with a comedic wink over his shoulder, breaking Naomi into a smile as she looked back at him. Turning back to the front, her eyes immediately met a deep green gaze. Loki was slower in walking past her, drinking her in before leaving. They interchanged no words, as Naomi was speechless whilst staring into his eyes, noting the intense curiosity in them. Breaking eye contact left her shaken, suddenly more aware of Odin's presence in the room. Calming herself with a breath, Naomi turned to face Odin fully, striding to take her original seat.

"There will be no frivolous conversation here. Make your point swiftly so we may depart each others company." Odin's words were harsh and unforgiving, yet Naomi was not offended. It was clearly established that her and Odin harbored resentment, meeting now in a fragile peace. She saw the merit in not wasting time, and agreed with his decision, nodding her head to show her acceptance. The King appeared satisfied with her lack of attitude, his own air unassuming and non-aggressive.

"Thor briefly mentioned your purpose here. Is it your intention to 'save the universe,' as he put it, and if so, from what?"

The question was direct, though the underlying meaning threw her off balance. Thor had said she was trying to save the universe? That most likely meant that he had fought for her release, as she had hoped. However more importantly, the question was loaded, and her answer would have to be somewhat lengthy no matter how much she summarized.

"It would be... accurate to say that's my purpose. In my visions of the future," she now simply accepted that they believed her as 'prophetic,' "An alien called Thanos collects the Infinity Stones." Odin nodded somberly at her mention of the stones, showing his prior knowledge of them. Naomi continued, "In the version of the future I saw, Thanos was successful in collecting all six stones- and he used it to, ah, 'balance' the universe." She frowned, considering her next words carefully. "To Thanos, balancing the universe entails... decimating half its population."



The old man stilled, the lines of his face deepening as he frowned wearily. "So then it is your goal to stop this Thanos." It was not a question but a statement, to which the brunette nodded swiftly.

"We are no longer in the version of events I saw. My interference has changed the future vastly already." Naomi's formal speech felt foreign on her tongue, but she endured it for the purpose of placating Odin. She had yet to address the issue of taking the Tesseract off of Asgard as part of her and Tony's plan. The King nodded along to her words in silence, gesturing for her to continue.

"On Midgard, I consulted with one of the smartest people on the planet to formulate a plan. We decided that one of the first steps would be retrieving the Tesseract from Asgard." She fell silent, biting the inside of her cheek inconspicuously as she waited for a response. Odin breathed deeply, his brow furrowed for several minutes. Naomi's mind wandered as she waited, eyes roaming the opposite wall. In her speculating, she realized another key factor that she had failed to mention. The casualty list of Infinity War. Knowing that would sway Odin's decision, she blurted it out once it came into her mind.

"The list!" She breathed, hastily straightening her posture once Odin glanced at her sudden outburst, confused.

"List?" He questioned.

"Yes, ah, the casualty list." Naomi paused for breath, but the rest of her explanation was deemed pointless once Odin interrupted.

"Tell it to me." He said. It was without hesitation- much unlike the answers of the people Naomi had asked thus far. Both Tony and Thor had turned down the knowledge, not wishing for the burden. Naomi was thankful for that, for she was selfish in that she didn't want to be the one to tell them the list of loved ones lost. However Odin was a general and a king, and had no room for considering emotional burden. In the back of her mind, she respected that, however Naomi was now faced with being the bearer of bad news.

"Alright." She said, resigned to her duty. "During Ragnarok, a portion of, if not the entirety of, the Asgardian army perished at Hela's hand. The warriors's three were also killed, but the location of Lady Sif is unknown. Asgard was destroyed relatively soon after, however Thor and Loki led the citizens onto an escape ship. I do not know if any citizens were left on Asgard." Her words were spoken quickly, desperation at getting the news over with seeping through. In a relative act of kindness, Odin chose not to comment on it.

"After the escape ship left Asgard, they were attacked by Thanos, because Loki had taken the Tesseract on board." Naomi kept her eyes off Odin's face when she told of Loki's theft, unwilling to read his reaction. "In line with his twisted philosophy, Thanos murdered half the ship's occupants. Heimdall was personally killed by Thanos." Thick emotion crept into Naomi's voice as she kept her face blank, her eyes suspiciously red. Vehemently, she continued.

"Loki gave the Tesseract to Thanos to save Thor's life. Loki tried to kill Thanos while Thor was incapacitated, but he failed." Unbidden, Loki's last words filled her mind; the sight of his body hanging from Thanos's grip burning in her eyes.

"Say no more." Emotion also crept into Odin's voice as he realized what came next. In unison, they drew in a breath shakily, neither meeting the others eyes. Distantly, Odin came to realize how much Naomi had truly seen, and how far her knowledge extended.

"The Tesseract is yours. What else do you need?" Looking up, Naomi met his tired gaze. Seeing him so defeated now nearly sprang pity in her, suddenly regretting her overly harsh words earlier.

"Thank you."

------

------ From the hallway outside of the conference room, the noise from within could not be heard. However Thor was only vaguely concerned that his Father was yelling at Naomi once again. His speech on her merit seemed to have had its desired effect.

Thor leaned against the wall opposite the doors, Loki near his side as they stood together, wondering what was being discussed within. The God of Mischief appeared tolerable of the silence between him and his brother for the time being, but Thor had been forced to sit and talk all day, itching for action. Forcing him to stand quietly would probably result in some explosion of energy if he didn't let it out somehow.

"What is your opinion of lady Swanson?" Thor asked, raising his brows at Loki. Surprised at the question, he contemplated it for a moment before answering.

"I admit, I find her terribly interesting; a prophet from another dimension." He answered loftily, smirking at Thor. The blonde rolled his eyes at Loki's common antics, speaking then without fully thinking it through.

"She told me of her opinion of you." Thor nodded, before realizing Naomi might not want Loki knowing what she told him in confidence. Cringing at his mistake, he hesitantly glanced to Loki, who was grinning wickedly at him.

"Oh do tell, dear brother." Loki's tone dripped with charisma, masking real curiosity underneath. Internally, the raven-haired god braced himself for whatever the remarkable prophet thought of him.

do "I should not have mentioned it, she-" Thor weakly attempted to backpedal.

"No need to spill all the gory details, a summary shall be suffice." Loki assured, smiling innocently. Huffing, Thor decided that a few relayed sentences wouldn't hurt Naomi.

"She has surprising faith in you. The lady Swanson believes you to be a good person." Thor reminisced on Naomi's kind words, staring ahead at the doors. Away from his brother's gaze, Loki's deceptive mask fell for a precious few moments. His lips shut lightly as his brow furrowed- taken by surprise. Gazing at the door as though he could see through it to her, Loki eyes widened as he thought of what her perception of him could be. It was not often someone who hadn't grown up with Loki took a liking to him- going so far as to call him a good person. Naomi called him a good person- when he himself did not believe he was good at heart. Desperately, Loki wondered what she had seen of him to say such things- what visions she had of him. If he had been curious of Naomi before, Loki now burned with questions of her; endlessly intrigued by the strange and sharp-tongued woman who appeared from nowhere.





21. Balcony Scene





An Asgardian night gown was easily the most comfortable pajamas Naomi had ever received. She hadn't asked what kind of fabric it was, but she made a mental note to ask Tony to recreate it back on Earth for her.

Negotiations with Odin had gone on longer than expected, the sun climbing down over the palace as they spoke. It was nothing short of amazing to Naomi when she reflected on it later; she had begun the day on Earth, screaming at the sky with her billionaire friend- and ended it on an alien planet in a nightgown that literal Gods probably wove. Seriously, the thing was heavenly. However in all seriousness, once she had finished with Odin and been shown to her quarters (Thor and Loki absent from the hallway by the time she emerged), her energy dissipated. Without any tasks ahead of her, Naomi quite literally slumped onto the bed and requested to eat dinner in her room. It had been a struggle of a choice, since she would have had the opportunity to meet with Thor and speak with Loki further. There was also the added factor that the Warrior's Three would probably be at the dining hall, possibly with Lady Sif. Though Naomi had to keep reminding herself that they were alive- the events of Ragnarok further back in her mind than those of Infinity War. However her unwillingness to participate in any social interaction after the devastatingly long day won her over; peering her head out her door to ask a guard if she could eat in her room.

The empty tray now balanced on a nightstand, swept free of crumbs by her seemingly endless hunger. The food had been just as heavenly as her nightgown- thick slabs of juicy steak and crusted white bread. A small glass of wine was also delivered with the food, though Naomi had hardly touched it. Truthfully, harder alcohol was more suited to her taste, though she could down a glass of wine if the occasion called. In the Asgardian bedroom, she didn't want to get accidentally wasted the night before she left the planet. Indeed, her, Thor, and Loki were set to depart in the mid-morning, as soon as all supplies were prepared. She wasn't sure if Loki had been informed that he was coming with them, but Naomi didn't trouble herself with it now.

Instead of exploring her gilded room, for she had had enough of exploring for one day, she settled for pulling an armchair to the window. The wall of her room opposite the door was mainly occupied by glass, any real wall only coming up to her waist and traveling around the glass to create a frame. With the walls golden quality, it almost made her view of the garden seem like a portrait, if not for the steady swaying of grass and flowers. The fields were precise and calculated, more polished walkways than real agriculture. The strips of wildlife curled around in spirals, cleverly leading any wanderers through a secret maze. Now however, there were no people roaming about the gardens, the sun having already set behind the palace. The flowers were illuminated by the stars and wisps of galaxies decorating the sky.

Naomi found herself distracted by the night sky instead of the garden, so much so that she didn't notice a figure move onto one of the golden paths. When her eyes did meet him, his back was facing her, pale hands clasped behind him as he craned his neck toward the stars. She knew immediately who it was, the green leather giving him away. Though she could not see his face, Naomi knew his usual facade was absent in the face of night. His hair seemed to lack any product or grooming, lazily curling itself on his shoulders- blending into the sky. Almost unaware of herself, Naomi leaned forward, her usual blush in his presence absent.

If Loki knew she was watching him, he did not show it until his head lowered from the sky. His arms hanging at his sides, he turned over his shoulder to lock gazes with the woman in the window. His expression was the same as when he had admired the sky, speculative and haunted. He wore no mask of innocence or charm as he stared back at her, his thoughts an enticing mystery to Naomi.

She didn't start when he turned to her, only met his sea foam green eyes with her hazel ones. Her elbow rested on the windowsill, gently supporting her face as she tried to see into his soul. If she had been on a balcony, an outsider would have thought it a scene from a Shakespearian play. Naomi didn't count the seconds as they peered into each other, and reflecting on it later she would not remember if she had blinked.

However it was broken by Loki, who raised a finger to his lips without tearing his eyes away. Even then, his eyes seemed lost to Naomi, who was now more well versed in reading his emotions. She did not think of herself as the reason for his vulnerability, since she had so far had little impact on him; he only allowed her to pay witness to this rare moment. It was over all too soon, when he lowered his arm a wink was sent her way, before the trickster vanished. Naomi took a moment to shake out of her stupor, and cursed herself for staring and intruding on him. However she would lose sleep that night, plagued by the question of why he allowed her to see a different side to him. If Loki had been a beloved hero to her before, Naomi was now bewildered by him; endlessly intrigued by the deeply complex and mischievous man.





22. Andvari





Naomi Swanson never was, and never has been, a morning person. The lack of coffee on Asgard only magnified her inevitable lack of energy and inability to process anything. Added to the fact that she had hardly gotten any sleep due to a staring match with a prince, it was a rough morning.

Fortunately, she woke up a little more as she prepared to leave the planet she was on, for the second time. It never ceased to astound Naomi that she, some random assistant at a supply company and total Marvel nerd, was literally hanging out with superheroes. Hell, she was even taking comfort in the fact that she would probably see Tony again later on. The plan she had laid out with Odin was misleadingly simple in writing.

Her first day of space travel with Thor and Loki would entail grabbing the Tesseract and the crown of Surtur- just to be sure. They would then pop down to Earth to drop off said infinity stone and crown, and check in on how the plan was going with Tony. Unfortunately, they had no way of contacting any of the Avengers while in space, but Naomi suspected that once they picked up the Guardians- a little later on in the plan- they would have some tips.

This time Naomi did not request to eat breakfast in her quarters, it was simply broth to her as she packed. Whether the dining hall was closed, or the guard was just assuming, she would never know. The dish had an alarming amount of meat for breakfast, at least for Naomi's taste. Back home, she generally stuck to coffee, toast, and some random fruit she pulled from the cupboard. A little guessing game, each day. It was strange to look back on what she thought was amusing, now paling in comparison to literally anything she did now. Even packing- a new assortment of clothes had been delivered along with breakfast, though she had no idea how they got her measurements. The thought was enough to shake her out of perpetual grogginess and prepare to kiss Asgard goodbye.

~~~~

The only Asgardian ships Naomi could remember seeing were the small fighter jets from Thor: The Dark World. However their needs required less firepower, and more leg room. Thankfully, Odin had been able to prepare a long-term spacecraft after his conference with Naomi. The two of them now stood, accompanied by the Princes and Heimdall, who had returned once he saw Odin re-installed. At the start of the rainbow bridge, they gathered to send off Naomi, Thor, and Loki to begin their journey through space. Unfortunately, their needs exceeded the abilities of the Bifrost, so a more permanent base was, in fact, needed.

The ship was as everything else was in Asgard: gold. That part came as no surprise to Naomi, who had actually begun to tire of the color. Asgardians really needed to hire some interior decorators to expand their color palette- it was a problem. The ship's shape was vaguely reminiscent of a viking boat- which amused Naomi to no end, confusing the present company. Its shape was long and narrow, with a large cargo hold no doubt stacked with rations, weapons and who knows what else Odin had ordered thrown in. Naomi had left the supplies up to him, seeing as she had no expertise in the area of preparing for space travel. Thankfully the viking spaceship had rockets instead of a mast, and seemed perfectly large enough for three people to live on for a while.

Naomi migrated to the side as Odin said goodbye to his sons privately, finding herself standing with Heimdall. He was actually quite intimidating, though not for any reason other than his armor and staggering height. Naomi was unusually tall for a woman, and thus wasn't all too used to being towered over. However here Heimdall was, easily standing over a foot taller than her, intimidating as all hell. There was also the fact that he could see into the past and the future- for real, something Naomi had been credited for but couldn't technically do-

for real, technically "You have brought great change into this realm."

Naomi's thoughts were interrupted when the man himself spoke, staring ahead with his all-seeing eyes. Surprised by his statement, she hurriedly made her reply. "Ah, yeah, thanks?" She cursed herself internally, it wasn't meant to come out as a question. But Heimdall hadn't exactly made himself clear. Perhaps cryptic messages were simply integral to the movie dimension she was now in. Maybe , Naomi thought to herself, I'll leave a mysterious and vague message of my own someday . Somehow, it was comforting.

Maybe I'll leave a mysterious and vague message of my own someday

"I pray your actions have ushered in a better era than that which you had foretold." Heimdall said, nodding sagely as he continued to stare ahead. His eyes were looking in the direction of the Odinson family across the way, but Naomi got the sense that he saw much further than that. His second ambiguous sentence of the day did nothing to make her feel better- he practically admitted that even he didn't know if she was making the right decisions.

"I pray for that too," She said. Their cryptic conversation was ended as Thor and Loki approached them, Odin staying a few steps behind.

"It's time to depart, my lady." Thor told her, nodding his head to the awaiting ship. At his side, Loki studied her, his eyes guards and giving nothing away once more.

"Let's have some fun, shall we?" He grinned, one sculpted eyebrow raised in question. She swore Loki had a whole beauty routine, it was so unfair. If anything however, it seemed Loki was intent on glossing over their little moment the previous night- their balcony scene, per se. Thank God for that, if Naomi had had to actually talk to him about it, she definitely would have died of embarrassment. Still a little flustered, Naomi only sent a shy smile at Loki, before turning to Thor.

"You know, you can just call me Naomi." She shrugged. It had occurred to her earlier the she had only ever referred to the King of Asgard by his first name- something his sons typically didn't do. It was probably just another point on the long list of disrespects she had shown Odin, but if anything it showed how little she cared for titles. Working in an office with an insane boss had taught Naomi that titles really don't count for much in the long run. Thor seemed slightly taken aback by her request, as though he thought it would be impolite for him to call her by her first name. Loki, on the other hand, was all too happy to use casual language. It was also possible he wanted more attention than a smile from the brunette that morning, but Naomi didn't consider that.

"Lovely. Shall we go, Naomi?" Her name dripped off his tongue like honey, overly sweetened. To top it off, he offered his arm to her like a proper gentlemen, which he could easily be when he pleased. It was clearly more of a tease than anything else, yet it still managed to erupt her face in pink. Loki was entirely amused as he led her arm in arm toward the viking ship. Obviously, he had gotten the reaction he wanted, smiling proudly as though he was playing with a kitten, which was probably what he viewed it as. She was of course, aware that Loki had only a superficial interest in her, which only caused a very superficial blush, Naomi told herself.

Naomi?" Titles aside, as she arrived with Loki in front of the ship, Odin strode across to her, eyeing her arm linked with Loki's. His clear distaste for their close proximity ruffled Naomi's feathers, but she let it slide and kept her arm entertained with Loki's. It hardly meant anything, besides. However, Odin had a purpose other than judging her, for from behind his back he held out a large decorative box, which emitted a powerful aura from inside.

"The Tesseract." Naomi breathed, slightly shocked Odin was really giving it to her, despite his promise to do so.

"You're giving her the Tesseract?" Loki gaped, thrown way off and trading looks between his father and Naomi.

"How much have you been told about what we're going to do?" Naomi questioned, looking up at him. In her curiosity, she had forgotten their proximity and her constant blush around the God. Perhaps their staring contest had affected her more than she had realized. The sound of her voice prompted Loki to look down at her, though he was much closer to her height then Heimdall.

"Clearly not enough."

"I'll run you through it on board." Naomi nodded, looking back at Odin before she remembered her embarrassment. Loki stared at her a second more in disbelief, before setting his sight on the box that contained an infinity stone. However by that time, Thor had clearly had enough of sitting around, taking the box from his father and putting it under an arm like a football. The sight sent Naomi into a slight fit of giggles, soliciting a good-natured smile from the blonde jock.

With final farewells to Odin and Heimdall, the three loaded themselves on board, finding their way to the fore of the ship. After securing the Tesseract with a warning to Loki, Thor settled into the captain's chair. The main controls rested in his area, however there was a select few other chairs scattered about the room. Their entire front view was curved glass, fitting into the ship's structure and providing a stunning view.

Obviously, Naomi could be of no help as Thor fiddled around with controls and Loki appeared to be doing something important. Unfortunately, her chair did not swivel, she tried, and boredom quickly crept in as she waited to take off. In her wandering mind, a though occurred to her.

"Does this ship have a name?" She asked, looking between the two men. Loki appeared to ignore her question and Thor only shrugged before turning back to his work. Huffing, Naomi simply muttered, ' I'll name it myself then. '

I'll name it myself then. Thinking back on her limited knowledge of Norse Mythology, which mainly consisted of Thor and Loki stories, only one name came to mind that wasn't overly connected to them.

"How about Andvari? It's got a lovely little story to go with it." She mused. If her memory served her correctly, the legend of Andvari's ring inspired the Lord of The Rings series, which was a win in her book.

"Careful one?" Loki spoke up, looking at her curiously. The translation of the name was no doubt less manly than they were used to, but Naomi was all for being careful. Cocking an eyebrow at him, she nodded boldly, taking the man by surprise. Ahead in the pilots chair, Thor had finished his tinkering.

"Andvari it is." His smile was evident in is voice as the ship slowly lifted off the bridge, shooting off into the sky.





23. Blush





To clarify: this chapter is written through Loki's eyes.

To clarify: this chapter is written through Loki's eyes. The Andvari, as it had been named, was a cramped vessel. The rooms provided for its passengers were not suited to the grand tastes of the younger prince. The fact that Thor had taken the largest room was also a source of annoyance, though Loki suspected Thor only wished to be a divider between his brother and the prophet. The thought nearly made him roll his eyes, he had no such intentions toward the woman. She was, however, currently the most interesting thing on board the landed spacecraft. The trio had landed on the fiery planet Muspelheim after a few jumps through the galaxy, where Naomi had reported Surtur to be. Thor had embarked to slay the demon alone, reassured by Naomi that he had easily survived the fight in her visions.

The more Loki observed her, the more questions he thought to ask. Several times during their flight, she had taken out a Midgardian phone, only to fiddle for a few seconds and put it away. Loki knew that many Midgardians thought their phones precious to them, however Naomi clutched hers as though it was a lifeline. It was one of the several oddities about her that set her apart from the other humans he had met, though truthfully Loki had never attempted to 'get to know' a Midgardian. Thus far, the prophet woman had proved to be an exception in his mind. It was for these reasons that Loki had opted to remain in the ship's common room after his brother departed.

The room was circular, and the largest space the Andvari had to offer. Lining its walls were the base necessities for cooking, food storage, and even weapon upkeep. In the center was a large table in the round, with three cushy seats for three passengers. Presently, Loki was perched on a counter, fingering a page of his book while his mind wandered elsewhere. Naomi was seated at the table, her profile facing him as she once more fiddled with her phone, seemingly frustrated. Giving up with the rectangle, she laid it on the table and leaned back, blowing a strand of hair from her face and stealing a glance at Loki. Her eyes met his and ripped away immediately, prompting an amused smirk from the God. She proved to be interesting even when only sitting, Loki mused internally. The ancient text in his hands, knowledge of magic he probably wasn't allowed to have, was all but forgotten.

"Say, uh," Naomi started, her eyes darting to his once more, "I said I would tell you what we're here for, huh?" For such anxious eyes, her voice was surprisingly even, though with a hint of resign. In spite of himself, Loki leaned forward at her question, dangerously close to falling.

"I believe such a promise was made." Loki answered, gracefully sliding off the counter and moving to sit beside her. He expected the proximity to send another blush onto her cheeks, the liked of which hadn't gone unappreciated by Loki. However her air was more comfortable now, and as much as that pleased him, Loki found himself disappointed to see her rosy cheeks go.

"Well, I think a summary should suffice for now," She said, "but I do have a question for you after." The 'question' was clearly one of importance, judging by the way her eyes clouded over as she spoke. Yet another curious aspect of Naomi Swanson that Loki needed to explore.

"As you wish." Loki nodded, leaning into his seat and crossing his legs as he gave her his attention. Strangely, she appeared to have a slight reaction to his response, a slight smile as though she knew a secret about his words. Intrigued, he made a note to inquire about it later.

"So i'm not exactly a prophet, I think I already said that. But I do know the future-or what the future would've been if I hadn't come here." As she spoke, her gaze alternated between his eyes and her lap, annoying Loki. He wished she would simply look at him, and certainly not stare into the floor as though she were embarrassed. However he made no verbal protest, and Naomi continued uninterrupted. "I'm from another dimension where this dimension," She gestured around them. "Exists in movie screens."

this Loki nodded, uncrossing his legs to lean his elbows on as he leaned forward. He was somewhat familiar with the concept of movies, enough so to understand her point. "So basically any major battles in this world are movies, so I've witnessed the fights in great detail. The movies are all grouped together under the company Marvel, and Marvel follows the Avengers, among other heroes."She paused there, waiting for Loki to confirm his understanding.

"And these other heroes include?" He prompted, propping his head on his hand. As he observed, Naomi grew a touch chaste, though unfortunately no blush appeared.

other heroes "Well, you've been on the screen a lot, i'll say that. Theres also-" Naomi was cut off as Loki interjected, no longer interested in other obscure superheroes.

"Myself on the screen? Do tell." His tone was nearly teasing, though Loki was genuinely curious as to what she had seen of him. In the back of his mind, he remembered what Thor had told him of Naomi's opinion of the God of Mischief. Her smile now bashful, Naomi averted her gaze to the side of the room, chewing her bottom lip. Loki himself kept his eyes trained on her, continuously amused by the woman.

"Well there was the first, ah, conflict I saw when Thor was banished to Earth for a period." Unknown to Naomi, Loki's eyes immediately hardened as he leaned backward. It was becoming clearer what she had seen of him, and she obviously wasn't finished. "The second was when the whole convergence thing happened and the dark elves and such." Naomi waved her hand idly as she spoke, her tone very casual as though there was nothing wrong with what she had seen. However Loki had a differing opinion, as he knew exactly what had happened each of those times.

It was now entirely possible that the woman in front of him had paid witness to the lowest moments of his life, which troubled him greatly for some reason. The news was enough to shake Loki thoroughly, as he thought back on just what she could have seen. Asking her seemed too great a risk, as though he was anxious to maintain her good opinion. Hers was one of the only positive opinions that existed about him, and though Loki would never admit it, it mattered greatly to him.

"Oh, I almost forgot the first avengers," Naomi muttered under her breath. "Right, I also saw when you, ah, came to New York." Her delicate wording of the event was almost misleading, though Loki knew there was only one battle she could be speaking of. He tore his eyes from her as her gaze returned to him, only to see the effect her words had brought. Loki had disengaged from the conversation, slowly spiraling into his own mind.

"Im sorry," she blurted, desperate to fix his mood. "If I had known that- that all of this was real I wouldn't have intruded." Her words were genuine but she had misinterpreted what Loki was upset about. It was less of the fact that she had watched private moments of his life, but the shame of her knowing. It was a burning sensation inside him, one that he had experienced too much for his liking. Coupled with the confusion of why he was so ashamed this woman should know his low moments, and most importantly how she still had a good opinion of him. It was only the last question that he voiced.

"Then why is your opinion of me so kind?" Loki spat in defense, their eyes locking. Her stare was saddened and misty, the sight of it stirring a strange sense in the back of Loki's mind. However, he paid no attention to his inner thoughts as his emotion burned him up. "If you have seen so much, how can you see such good in me?"

Naomi didn't ask him how he knew what she thought of him, and didn't seem to care. Her eyes were wide and vulnerable as she answered him swiftly, with an underlying passion he hadn't expected.

"Because i've seen so much of you."

For a frost giant whose body naturally ran cold, heat in his cheeks was strikingly new for Loki.





24. No Shit





A few hours after Naomi's abruptly ended conversation with Loki, the Andvari was cruising toward Earth, the skull of Surtur stored safely. Of course, Thor's definition of safe apparently meant chucked to the side of the common room- where Naomi was able to take selfies with it undisturbed. The passengers were dispersed through the ship, Loki most likely brooding over something in his room, Thor steering in the cockpit, and Naomi left to inhabit the common room.

The woman was unwilling to open conversation with Loki again just yet, and she felt that bothering the guy flying the ship for attention wasn't the best plan. Thus, she was left with no wifi to entertain her, or even any downloaded episodes on Netflix. Naomi and Tony had spent so long going over how to save the universe, she had forgotten to provide entertainment for herself on the trips. She supposed she had assumed hanging out with superheroes would be enough, but somehow Naomi was becoming acclimated to it.

Her office job back home constantly threw new challenges at her, just when she though her boss couldn't top the last week. Funny how an assistant gig could help prepare her to become so accustomed to the impossible happening. Reminiscing on her job back home paused Naomi in her thoughts, drifting back to her own dimension and her former life. It had never been up for debate that she would go back home after this was over, Naomi hadn't ever brought it up. No doubt her new magic friends could provide some help, but somehow asking them to consider sending her back after the war was over seemed selfish. Hopefully , Naomi thought, I'll figure everything out after this is over .

Hopefully I'll figure everything out after this is over However the fight was far from over, and Earth was not far from sight. Naomi had no clue how space travel worked, in her dimension or in this one's, but somehow the Asgardian ship had a built in hyper-space feature that came in quite handy. She figured the Andvari worked similarly to the Guardians of the Galaxy's ship, but thus far she hadn't been able to confirm the theory. Yet her thoughts of space travel went to the back of her mind as Thor steered the ship over expansive fields of green. The common room had several portholes covered by thick glass, providing Naomi an airplane-like view of what she assumed to be New York.

-----

Once again, the God of Thunder showed no respect for lawn maintenance as he touched down in the fields surrounding the Avengers facility. Already, several cars were traveling toward their golden viking spaceship when their docking bay door opened. To the SHEILD soldiers forming a perimeter around the ship, the three might have looked intimidating. In the open doorway, Thor towered over his two companions at his sides, which also prevented awkward glances between Loki and Naomi- unbeknownst to Thor. Faced with two well-known Gods and a random woman in one of their uniforms, several experienced fighters were left glancing at each other in secretive confusion. However, all of that paled in comparison when one of the various SHIELD cars opened its door, a figure stepping out with swagger only one person could possess.

Despite herself, Naomi broke into a grin before Tony even spoke, and a sense of being grounded washed over her, no pun intended. Tony Stark, in all his glory, quietly dismissed the majority of the soldiers, only two cars remaining as the trio strode to greet him. Even walking in a line with her childhood heroes felt so strange to Naomi, as though she was one of them on the movie screen. It was a silly thought of course, but it comforted her discretely.

"I just can't get rid of you, can I Hepburn?" Tony greeted, his smile contradicting his words warmly. Hepburn herself smirked in return, thankful to be back in her sarcastic groove.

"Maybe you should try harder next time, Tin Can." She shrugged, earning a light chuckle before Tony turned to greet Thor.

"Point break." He nodded, overly formal in his dramatics. 'Point Break' simply rolled his eyes at the nickname, shifting the powerful weapons in his arms like toys. Thor had been tasked with carrying the Skull and Tesseract inside the facility, since Naomi wasn't strong enough and Loki wasn't trusted enough.

"Stark. You clearly haven't changed since I saw you last." His booming voice had an amused undertone, playing along to the light atmosphere. Tony only replied with a nonchalant shrug, turning to the final member of the party. Looking over Loki, he almost seemed surprised, as though the man was not what he had expected.

"Hey I'm gonna to invade New York, wanna come?" He asked dryly, the God in question smirking in turn.

"Tempting, I admit," he charmed. "Perhaps we can reschedule." Tony gave a slight 'hm,' glancing back at Naomi to get her opinion on Loki. Once more, Thor rolled his eyes, his Midgardian humor shining through.

"You can trust him, Tony." She assured, keeping her gaze strictly on Stark, ignoring the prodding green eyes in her peripheral vision. Tony however was clearly not all that assured, suspicious as he looked back and forth between Naomi and Loki.

"You trust literally everyone, Hepburn." Tony stressed the pronunciation on 'literally,' reminding Naomi of a beloved TV show character- not affiliated with Marvel. Her tastes did expand beyond superheroes, however surprising that may be.

"You are very trusting, Lady Naomi." Thor added, his brows pulled into a knowing look as he nodded at her. She resisted to correct the formal title he added to her name, but she supposed it was better than 'Lady Swanson.'

"A virtue not many possess." Loki said, a meaningful glance thrown at Tony, who ignored it.

"Well then, lets get this show on the road." Tony nodded back at the cars waiting to transport them to the Avengers facility, which was just beyond walking distance. Also, Tony Stark was not one to make his arrival by walking , it would be a disgrace. As Naomi followed the group to the SHEILD cars, she could not help but feel that she was forgetting something, or perhaps someone. Her pace slowed as she chewed her lip, racking her brain for what she could have missed. Deep in thought, she hardly noticed when a raven-haired trickster slowed his pace to match hers, intent on re-starting their earlier conversation. Unfortunately, the universe was not so kind as just then, Naomi was reminded of what she had forgotten.

walking Behind them, a light sizzling noise emerged from nowhere, first alerting the Asgardians with their enhanced hearing. It was then that Naomi noticed Loki next to her, momentarily forgetting the happening behind her back as she studied his profile. It was only a small lapse in focus, however it was enough to leave her as the only person facing forward, and therefore watching Tony and Thor's reactions to what she already knew was there.

"Hello, my name is Doctor Stephen Strange." Strange's tone was abrupt and to the point. Whereas Thor was completely bewildered, peering over the artifacts he was handling, Tony recognized the man. Doctor Strange was one of the many heroes Naomi had debriefed him on, and only reacted to the wizard with an exasperated look. Naomi of course, was grinning giddily as she finally turned around, seeing Bumblebee Cumquat in all his glory. The master of the Mystic arts was not focused on her, but on Loki.

It was what she had forgotten, that in Thor: Ragnarok, Strange was alerted when Loki arrived on Earth. She could only hope that he wouldn't send the man falling for thirty minutes this time.

"I have some questions for the Asgardians." Strange continued, peering between Loki and Thor in complete seriousness. Behind him, the cloak of levitation, or Levi, billowed dramatically, though there was no wind.

"Yeah." Naomi spoke up, attracting Strange's attention, along with everyone else's. "No shit Sherlock."

They were all clueless as to why she found that so funny.





25. Quotes


(Through the eyes of Tony.)





"Elementary, my dear Watson."

For reasons unknown, the only female member of their expanded party periodically insisted on quoting Sherlock Holmes as they traveled from the fields into Stark's laboratory. Even Tony himself, who was by far the most filled-in on all of Naomi's knowledge, had no idea why she smiled like she knew a terrible secret about both him and Doctor Strange. He hoped it had to do with his massive intellect, ego aside, but his knowledge of Naomi Swanson told him it was for an entirely different reason.

"By the Gods, what are you saying?" Loki asked for the third time, now the only one left with the energy to be interested in what she was talking about. Tony had taken a notice to the mans apparent interest in Naomi, putting the thought on the back burner for now, since half the universe was at stake and all. However it didn't fail to irk him whenever Loki or Naomi locked eyes for a little too long to not mean something. Tony knew that she knew exactly who Loki was, perhaps better than him, but the glances did nothing to help his opinion of the God. He preferred Thor now more than ever, appreciating the blonde's strictly platonic, and almost overly formal relationship with the woman.

are not "Should I answer chronologically, or alphabetically?" Once again, Naomi dodged questions with an untraceable quote. Whilst everyone else rolled their eyes, with the exclusion of Thor, Loki only seemed more invested in figuring out what she was on about. He practically analyzed her as they walked through the hallways of the Avengers facility; Tony was trying to focus on where they were going instead of how little Loki focused on the decor around them. Thankfully, they soon enough arrived at the famed Stark Lab, activating its various holograms and machinery as they entered in the sliding doors. Tony didn't hesitate in making himself at home, fussing around with various gadgets, and even pulling up Stephen Strange's character profile for review, the information largely provided by his partner in crime.

Strange himself was more preoccupied with keeping an eye on Loki, apparent unimpressed with the advanced technology that surrounded him. Looking back to Stephen's profile, Tony read that his new life was most likely entirely without electricity, some form of life magic or whatever powering everything. It all seemed incredibly boring to the billionaire.

"So then," Thor broke into the silence, setting the Tesseract and skull set down on a table nearby, which nearly bent under their weight. "What business do you have with my brother, Wizard?" He was quite casual, since his brother was indeed the God of Mischief, Tony imagined that random people having a bone to pick with Loki was normal procedure.

"I prefer the term Master of the Mystic Arts." Strange commented dryly, and Tony considered it as a missed opportunity for some real sassiness. Naomi had failed to mention how uptight this wizard was. He did, however, have some amazing facial hair, Tony thought to himself. His cheekbones were also quite sculpted, and his eyes were-

"I knew you would say that." Naomi mumbled unprompted, a small smirk of victory on her lips. Had she been in a room of average people, they might no have caught the comment. However she was standing near Tony, and the other three in the room were either Gods or Wizards, so everyone heard it.

knew "Excuse me?" Strange asked, not impolitely but a touch frustrated, which was warranted after the Sherlock quotes. Half of which weren't even actual quotes, in the minds of the superheroes, who didn't know what Naomi did.

Caught red-handed, Tony watched in amusement as she was at a loss for words for a moment, seemingly intimidated by Strange's question. It was always quite funny how she reacted to any superheroes she met. From what Tony had seen, it involved several incredulous stares and some embarrassing blushes. Her generally cool and sarcastic demeanor was easily flustered, which almost made up for the all-knowing smirks she had worn since she began the quote rampage.



"Oh! I uh, know the future?" The last bit came out as a question, the woman floundering under the doctors intense gaze. Out of the corner of Tony's eye, he could see that Thor was also amused by Naomi's reaction, beginning to drop the remainder of his formal attitude around her. His brother, on the other hand, didn't seem to take it well that she was blushing slightly under Strange's question.

"You know the future?" Strange repeated, cocking an eyebrow. To his credit, Naomi wasn't exactly convincing at the moment as she chewed her lip nervously.

"Yeah, I actually need to, uh, talk to you- about that." It was choppy, but the sentence was still coherent and was probably a victory in Naomi's mind. Strange was clearly impatient to get onto the topic of Loki, continuously glancing over at him suspiciously, but he waited for her to elaborate. As she pondered where to begin, resting her hands on her hips, the rest of the men gathered into a loose circle, situated in the middle of Stark's pristine lab.

"Well, i'm from another dimension, and over there, pretty much everyone knows about this dimension's future, although no one else knows this dimension actually exists." Naomi was more fluid in her words, having given explanations of her situation several times before. This particular summary was more convoluted than the version Tony had heard, but Strange managed to keep up. He took more of an interest as Naomi continued, his focus on Loki slipping away.

"So basically I know what would have happened in this dimension if I hadn't shown up, and now I'm here to stop that future from happening." She finished, nodding definitively. Tony and Thor, whom had both been filled in on this information, nodded along with her, however to Strange ad Loki, this was uncharted territory.

"You're saying that if you hadn't come here, something catastrophic would have occurred?" Strange was quick to catch on, easily warming to the idea of alternate dimensions. Of course, Naomi had neglected to mention the entire movie situation, and if Tony remembered correctly, Strange was not new to being exposed to radically different ideas than that he was used to.

"Yeah." Naomi answered simply. "You can probably check with the Time Stone." She gestured to the ornamental necklace Strange wore as though she was speaking about something perfectly normal and bland. Tony was the only man who didn't react to her mention of the Infinity Stone, reveling in the fact that she had told him more than anyone else. Probably because she was the first person she ever even explained it to, but Tony didn't let that rain on his parade.

The Asgardians in the room openly started in surprise, Thor gaping slightly as he craned to observe the necklace; Loki staring at Naomi incredulously. Stephen Strange himself widened his eyes as he reached to touch the pendant, the gears in his brain turning as he tried to determine just what she knew. Naomi noticed the sudden tension in the room, sharing a look with Tony that read, ' jeez, how touchy .'

jeez, how touchy "Your visions of the future have shown you the time stone?" Strange breathed, now completely ignoring Loki as he considered this new possibility. Tony observed that Naomi seemed more comfortable in the attention of the wizard, growing accustomed to it faster than she had with Thor. At this rate, her reactions would be totally bland by the time she met the dozens of other heroes, Tony thought to himself, disappointed.

"Yeah. Or the Eye of Agamotto, if uh, you wanna call it that."

Her casual usage of the name only masters of the mystic arts knew paled Strange slightly, giving a slight huff as he traced over the necklace. He looked down at it for a moment, considering his options before questioning the woman.

"You said I should use the stone to look into the future? To see what you saw?" He said, his gaze unwavering as he peered at her. The man struck Tony as terribly serious, and probably unable to take a joke.

"Uh-huh," Naomi nodded, biting her lip once more. "If you look into all the different versions of the future, the ones where I didn't show up will probably appear." She matched his somber tone, as Tony, Thor and Loki continued to watch the situation, not having anything to contribute.

"Prove to me you can see the future." Strange stated, the Eye of Agamotto resting in one hand as the over hovered over it. He wavered slightly in his trust of her, seemingly unsure of his next action. It was a refreshing look for the doctor, at least for Tony. Naomi pondered his request for a moment, though Tony was sure she would just pull out her phone to show footage. However her access to literal evidence of the future seemed to slip her mind.

"What if I prove to you that i've seen things no one else has?" She asked instead, the Asgardians and Tony leaning forward in anticipation. Strange nodded to her, signaling that that would be enough to prove herself. With a confidence she had lost her grip on once Strange turned his full attention onto her, Naomi gave her answer.

"Dormammu, i've come to bargain."

The look on the wizards face was nothing short of alarming, leaving the rest of the heroes contemplating how little they apprehended of her knowledge, even Tony.





26. Ghostbusters





Tony Stark's laboratory was most likely in its strangest state yet. Two Asgardian gods changed into human attire were roaming about the place, one obviously tasked with babysitting the other, both incredibly bored. A woman from another dimension with intricate knowledge of everyone else in the room was seated on a bar stool, discussing battle plans with Tony. The billionaire was flitting about the desk he and the woman were at, looking over diagrams and pulling up holographs. However among it all, the strangest element was the floating man in the center of the room, his head twisting in several different directions at a time- literally .

literally The five cryptic words Naomi had said to Dr. Strange had convinced him to use the fames time stone- and had been for the last fifteen minutes. Eventually, the people not sitting in midair cross-legged had gotten over the spectacle. Presently, Naomi and Tony caught each other up on what had happened during Naomi's trip to Asgard.

"So whats happened with Vision and Wanda?" She asked, tapping her fingers rhythmically against the cool metal desk. Everything in the lab was cool, and it struck Naomi that there was hardly any warmth in the place. However there wasn't time for such thoughts, and unfortunately she couldn't think on it deeper, for the sake of the schedule.

"I've located them in Scotland and sent a message, but nada so far." Tony huffed, running a hand through his hair. Naomi frowned, a little ticked off in spite of herself at the news. She knew that she had no right to be, since the couple didn't know what she knew- but if they didn't respond in time both of them could face lethal consequences.

"What did you tell them?"

"Not much, it wasn't a very secure connection, but they know I need their asses over here asap." Tony was alike to Naomi in that he too was frustrated at the slow reply, though she suspected there were other reasons. Relaxing her arms on the desk top, Naomi took more care with her words, studying the Iron man.

"Have you called Steve?" She asked.

Tony tensed for a moment, staring at the metal before releasing a tired breath. Propping himself on the desk, he met Naomi's prodding gaze with an apologetic one, smirking weakly.

"I'm sure you know the answer to that." He said. His expression was strikingly vulnerable, unusual for the sarcastic man. It made Naomi's own features twist into dejection, her shoulders lowering and hunching over the table to rest her chin on her arms.

"I have to- it's my job." She spoke with a tense smile, looking up at Tony from her slumped position. He saw straight through her, glancing at the rooms other occupants before mussing her hair quickly.

"This ain't all on you, kid." It was a simplistic pep talk, but coming from Tony it meant the world to Naomi. Paired with the affectionate gesture- she didn't fail to remember it was the second time he had ruffled her hair- it immediately lifted her spirits. The melancholic aura lifted from their workspace, filled instead with a tentative wholesomeness. It quite made Naomi feel like she was a child again, though it was a silly thought to have.

"Yeah, I know." It was true- she did know that Tony took on a lot of the burden with her, forming a sort of partnership. At the present, Naomi had the closest personal relationship with the Stark- forged through similar senses of humor, and an impending war. "So are you gonna call?"

"I'll do you one better- who you gonna call?" Tony smirked, avoiding the question and quoting ghostbusters in one sentence. However Naomi found it funny for other reasons Tony wasn't even aware of- a sense of deja vu filling her laughter.

who "Ghostbusters!" She whisper-screamed, not wanting to attract the attention of the gods who were now lounging on some spare chair they had found. Strange was still floating in the corner- he hadn't taken this long in the movie, and it was vaguely worrying Naomi. "Seriously, though Tony, we need Steve and everyone else to win this." Her brows drew in as she remembered something she had heard from Anthony Russo- the avengers lost because they were divided. Not for the first time, the sudden remembrance of the consequences of Infinity war, now much more real, stabbed into Naomi's mind. "We can't lose, Tony."

"We won't." Tony assured, going so far as to pull the fated phone out from his jacket pocket. He studied Naomi for a moment, taking in her pleading eyes and defeated manner. Pressing his lips together, Tony nodded to her, dialing the only number in the phone and walking away from the desk with the phone to his ear. Smiling lightly, Naomi watched the back of his head as he waited for Steve to answer, which she knew he would.

It was once again proven that Naomi was in a cinematic universe, as convenient timing allowed for Strange to emerge from his trance at that moment. He dropped onto the floor quite suddenly, gasping for breath as he alerted everyones attention. Even Tony, with the phone still pressed to his ear turned around to take a look, before shrugging and turning back. Naomi was quick to move to the sorcerers side, nearly knocking over her stool as she shot up. Thor and Loki quickly joined her, Thor bumming it in jeans and a jacket whilst Loki chose to wear a form-fitting black suit. No doubt it was designer and overly expensive, but Naomi certainly wasn't complaining.

Recovering from the use of the time stone, Strange turned his eyes to Naomi, crouched a bit away from him on the floor.

"Why couldn't you have been lying?" He asked rhetorically, already seeming resigned to fight the war. Naomi's only response was to smile sadly- she too wished she had been lying, desperately.





27. Video Chat





"I've gotten a decent sense of Tony and yours' plan, but I need to make a few adjustments." Strange had recovered from his use of the Time stone swiftly, and had wasted no time in moving them to one of Tony's relatively empty workbenches for planning purposes. Naomi hung onto his words, thankful to have someone else who understood exactly what could happen should they lose against Thanos. It felt like a weight had been lifted from her shoulders, though she still very much planned on being involved in and aiding the information department. Thor and Loki had followed the two of them over, but were less knowledgeable of the future, and poor Loki had never even been told what was really happening. Things got too emotional for him before Naomi could explain anything. Thankfully, Thor was there to paraphrase what he remembered from Naomi's lecture under his breath to Loki as they watched the prophet and the wizard converse.

"Okay. Where do we start?" Naomi found herself more confident in the doctors presence now that they were in an element she was more comfortable with. She still had the most invasive and private knowledge of the heroes, but Strange now knew much more about the events of the future.

"Wanda Maximoff and the Vision." Strange said, gesturing across the bench to Naomi for her to explain their roles in her and Tony's original plan.

"Wanda can destroy the mind stone, so we wanted her to come here and attempt to destroy the space stone in the Tesseract- but not the time stone, I know you won't allow that." Naomi moved her hands as she spoke, a habit she had never quite gotten rid of. However her words immediately attracted Loki's attention, who had previously been learning about the Infinity gauntlet from Thor. Upon mention of the Tesseract, and Wanda's possible ability to destroy it clearly piked his interest. "It's not a guarantee that she can, but we need to eliminate as many stones as possible. After that-" Naomi was cut off as Strange interjected, having heard what he needed to. It wasn't rude in Naomi's mind- though it might have been in Thor and Loki's, who were raised as gentlemanly princes.

"You're going to send them to Wakanda. Right, that needs to happen first; Wakanda is the priority." Strange stressed, staring at Naomi with an intensity that intimidated her a bit, but went appreciated. It meant that he was just as passionate about saving everyone as she was- which she knew he would be. She nodded in response, looking over to where Tony was finishing up his phone call, taking the phone down from his ear and staring at it for a moment. He turned and met eyes with Naomi, immediately making his way down to the rest of the group.

"Rogers is coming." He affirmed, declining to say anything else on the matter. She knew how difficult things were between them after civil war, and in the back of her mind, she felt sorry for asking Tony to make the call. But not everything would be easy, and without Team Captain, the avengers would lose- again.

"Lovely." Loki smirked, drawing an unappreciative stare from almost everyone in the room. Tony quickly pulled his attention away from the trickster, his version of dealing with the man being to simply ignore him. Loki had unofficially become Thor's responsibility once they landed on Earth, though Naomi would be more than happy to spend time with him. Her idolized opinion of Loki was mostly washed away, her view now much more grounded and personal- however he was still Loki, how could one not want to hang out with him? Naomi didn't know.

not "So whats new? Strange, you alright?" Tony asked, leaning his elbows onto the bench as he took as seat.

"Yeah, but we need to make adjustments to the plan." The sorcerer replied, looking between Naomi and Tony. Thor and Loki were making a habit of being left out today, though Naomi might have been the only one to notice. She made a mental note to try and explain everything better later so they could be a bigger part of the process.



"So far we need to bring Wanda and Vision straight to Wakanda from Scotland- we can't bother with the space stone." Naomi explained, leaning forward in her seat. Tony drew in his brows, thinking it over with a frustrated air. He was still shaken from the call with Steve, though Naomi had no clue what had been said. In a way, it was refreshing to not know something important about the Marvel heroes.

"Are you sure?" The question was directed at Naomi, not Strange. Tony looked to her for approval on Strange's plan, swelling Naomi's heart with prideful delight. Compared to a wizard he barely knew, Tony Stark trusted her decision over his. Naomi nearly grinned in the middle of a serious battle-planning session, but she controlled herself enough that only a joyful smile slipped out.

"Yeah. I trust Dr. Strange." Naomi glanced to Strange as she said it, her high from being trusted by Tony overriding her embarrassment. However his returning stare was much different than her own. His eyes were softer than they had been, and as she studied him, his features were heavy; laden with a mixture of determination and guilt. Naomi was struck with deja vu, it was the same stare Strange had given Tony in Infinity war, after he had looked into the future and seen the only outcome in which they could win.

Shaken slightly, Naomi drew her eyes away from Strange and ignored it for the time being.

"So we need to call up Vision and Wanda, right?" She asked, directing the question at Tony.

"They haven't responded to my messages yet, but a call is worth a shot." He shrugged, pulling out a different, much higher-quality phone to check his messages. After scrolling and tapping on the screen for a moment, Tony swiped up across the length of the phone, and a hologram appeared over the bench. In the fashion they were seated, Tony on one side with Naomi and Strange across from him, Thor and Loki bunched together at one end- only Tony was facing the screen. On her side, Naomi could view the bright trademark blue of the back of the hologram as FRIDAY's voice rang out over the room.

" Video chat pending ." The robotic voice announced. After a minute of tense silence, everyone watching Tony's reaction as he stared up at the screen, the disembodied voice spoke again.

Video chat pending " Video chat accepted ."

Video chat accepted Without a second's hesitation, Naomi could hear the connection spring to life, the various background noises of wherever the couple was filling their silent lab.

"Tony Stark." The Vision's voice came from the hologram, his face hidden to Naomi. Tony didn't seem overly surprised at the formal greeting, deciding not to bother with small talk himself.

"You need to reply to my messages." Tony admonished, pointing a threatening finger at the hologram. However his usual energy was lacking, the genius somewhat drained by everything going on.

"Wanda and I are not keen on leaving on account of a cryptic message." Vision replied, his voice monotone, his words measured. Tony rolled his eyes, unsatisfied with his explanation.

"I would hardly call them cryptic, there's only so much you can write when you have to hack into a person's system." He was exasperatedly bitter, his eyes suddenly darting to the edge of the frame, as though he had seen some movement.

"Is privacy a crime?" Wanda replied this time, no doubt having moved into the view of the camera. Her accent from Age of Ultron was mostly dissolved, the only trace of it found in a slight thickness of her words.

"You've had two years to be private. Now we have a war on our hands."

"What war? You make no sense, Tony." Wanda countered, Naomi imagining her leaning closer to the camera in angry confusion. Tony sighed stubbornly, throwing his head back before peering under the hologram at Naomi.

"Then why don't you talk to someone who does." He stated plainly, waving at Naomi for her to come over. For an instant, she was struck with a strange sense of stage fright, and fervently mouthed objections to Tony. The billionaire was having none of it, however. "Get over here, Hepburn. I need your prophetic knowledge." He waved his hands dramatically at the last words, a trace of his humor shining through his current downtrodden mood.

His demeanor swayed Naomi enough to hesitantly rise from her seat, throwing her gaze over the princes as she moved around the table. Thor, bless him, sent an encouraging thumbs-up to boost her confidence. However it was shattered when Loki decided that a wink was the best course of action, and completely threw Naomi for a loop. Thus, when she finally came into the camera's view, she was blushing and stiff, not at all a good impression on two of the most powerful Avengers. Peering around the edge of the hologram, she sent a dirty look to Loki, which settled her nerves a bit. The God only grinned good-naturedly in turn, enjoying himself.

Directing her attention back to the video chat, she was met with the sight of Wanda and Vision in his Paul Bettany form, which was the only way she could think of it. They were obviously sitting at a desk, a small living room in view in the space behind them. They both peered at her curiously, no doubt intrigued by Tony's mention of 'prophetic knowledge.'

Taking a secretive breath, she drew in the available chair by Tony, settling and staring between the two superheroes. With a moment's hesitation, she blessed them with her prophetic wisdom.

"Everything's about to turn to shit."





28. Paprikash





"Turn to shit?" Vision repeated, squinting his eyes at the camera in confusion. Naomi gave a short, hard laugh out of embarrassment, avoiding the gazes of the two heroes.

"Yeah... there's like, a whole-ass war coming." She trailed off, cursing her habit of swearing excessively when she was embarrassed. Unfortunately, her colorful language did nothing to help her credibility, as Wanda was now raising a perfect eyebrow at her. Vision remained fairly passive, but he was also a robot so it didn't count.

"You never cease to amaze me with your eloquence." Tony sassed, throwing a cocky smirk Naomi's way. As sarcastic as the comment was, it soothed her nerves slightly- and hopefully got rid of her red cheeks.

"Shut up Tin Can." Naomi retorted, smirking back at Tony- both to sass him and to avoid the camera.

"Hepburn." He nodded to her in surrender, backing out of the sarcastic banter. Now without an excuse, she was forced to pay attention to Wanda and Vision. Clasping her hands in her lap, Naomi took a breath and briefly ran over everything in her mind. It was a lot to cover over Skype if she was to convince the couple to go to a foreign country that hadn't existed until a few months ago.

"Okay, so, there is a war on its way. It's hard to explain how I know-"

is "Prophetic knowledge."

"Shut it, Downey."

Naomi ignored the Stark as he became increasingly confused, making a note to explain the whole movie-actor thing again after FaceTime-ing with superheroes. In fact, everyone in the room was confused by her new nickname for Tony- Thor, Loki and Strange all glanced at each other to see if anyone knew what it meant. Vision and Wanda, who were still under the impression that Naomi was actually a crudely-spoken prophet, simply frowned and wrote it off as a fortune-teller thing. Huffing, Naomi found her previous nerves completely gone as a result of Tony's antics.

"Anyway, so there's this fight that coming- I've seen it. An alien named Thanos forges an infinity gauntlet to hold the power of all six infinity stones. With it, he plans to wipe out half the universe." She was about to continue when she realized her fatal blunder. It hadn't crossed her mind until she had actually explained it to Vision- that she had just told him and Wanda of his own death. There was only one way to remove the mind stone that the heroes currently knew of, and if Thanos had all six stones- it only meant one thing. Naomi froze in her seat as she watched the screen, her face giving away that she had realized something terrible. Vision and Wanda were unaware, since they had not yet learned that Thanos ultimately succeeded.

In her state of apprehension, Naomi became aware of a hand on her shoulder. She turned to her side to see Tony, his expression sympathetic as he provided silent support. Naomi then realized her second mistake. Tony had asked not to know any of the casualties in the war, and yet she had inadvertently told him that Vision was part of the death toll. It was with a burning disappointment in herself that Naomi met his eyes, and saw that he knew exactly what she had realized. Tony nodded to her in confirmation that it was okay, and Naomi turned back to the screen, determined not to make the mistake again.

"Do you want to know who dies in the war?" She asked clearly, the ferocity in her gaze taking the couple aback. Wanda peered closer at the screen, analyzing Naomi's expression.

"There are deaths in the war you have seen?" She questioned. Beside her, Vision's face suddenly grew troubled, and then cleared quickly. Clearly, he too had realized that the war against Thanos included the cost of his life.

"Yes, many." Naomi answered, "do you want to know who?"

The two paused, staring first at Naomi before turning to each other. Their eyes held a silent conversation, before they each gave an almost imperceptible nod.



"Tell us, prophet." Wanda said. Naomi chewed her lip, having figured that that would be their response. Nodding to them, she tore her eyes away from the screen to look at the other inhabitants of the room.

"Tony, Thor, I know you two don't want to hear- uh, Strange-"

"I already know." Strange replied, meeting her gaze with a melancholy that matched hers. The pair of them knew the cost of the war- or what it could have been. However the sorcerer's eyes held more depth, for he knew the possible outcomes of the war with Naomi's interference. She could only pray that the plan would succeed. Turning her eyes to Loki, she found his gaze newly invigorated, even more curious than before. It brought a smile to her face, funnily enough.

"Loki, do you wanna know?" She asked, silently pleading that he wouldn't say yes. It would be hard enough to tell both Vision and Wanda they they died, but telling Loki of his own horrific death would be too much.

"What's the fun in that?" He replied instead, grinning cheekily before standing from his seat to meet the rest of the group, who had moved to the door. One by one, they filtered out, leaving Naomi alone in the room with the FaceTime. Before Tony exited, he gave her another reassuring smile and a cheesy thumbs up, which was definitely not appropriate for the situation. Never the less, it brightened Naomi's spirits, and aided her in what was about to happen.

"Alright, so before I start, I need you to understand something." Naomi's gaze at the screen was pleading. The couple nodded to her, their expressions matching in their seriousness.

"In order to prevent all of this, Tony and I have a plan." She explained. "And one of the first steps is sending both of you to Wakanda- immediately." To say their gazes were shocked was an understatement. They had been under the impression that Tony needed them in New York for another battle, not to do some traveling abroad. "Just trust me." Naomi breathed.

Wanda's face screwed up at her words, obviously not trusting her. "Why?" She questioned. A simple question, but it had such a loaded answer that Naomi felt it would be too much to explain. So she opted for an easier route that usually seemed to work.

"Here, you can trust my knowledge of the future because I can prove my knowledge of the past." It was a tactic she had used on Tony when she first met him- showing the Iron Man clip on youtube. Once again however- showing a movie clip would lead into an explanation of how the hell she had footage of their private moments. Wanda's patience was already wearing thin- she had only been given vague and unsupported statements by a complete stranger thus far- she had apt reason to be.

prove "Alright." Vision said, curious as to what she could prove about the past. Naomi took a deep breath, preparing to spill their private moments out in front of them.

"Before Steve and Tony's fight, Wanda was, uh, confined to headquarters under Tony's orders." Their eyes began to widen. "While Wanda was unknowingly being kept there, Vision made, uh, Paprikash? I don't quite remember- but something with paprika to 'lift your spirits.'" Naomi quoted Visions words as she gestured at Wanda, who was now much paler and staring at Naomi with an unidentifiable expression. Vision seemed calmer about her knowledge, so Naomi focused on speaking to him. Having forced herself into explanatory mode, she began to ramble secrets of the past.

"Vision, you mentioned that you didn't know what the stone in your forehead is- I can tell you actually- or I can quote the Collector. Uh, so before creation, there were six singularities- but, uh, then when the universe was created, the six systems were forged into ingots- the infinity stones. Yours is the mind stone- and it can basically control minds and shoot beams and stuff." Naomi finished, drawing in a gulp of air after her unnecessary tangent on the infinity stones.

Vision was outwardly processing the new knowledge on the source of power on his forehead, whilst Wanda remained stricken. Not enough, however, to render her speechless.

"I am meant to trust you now?" Her accent grew thicker in her shock, slipping out from between her teeth. Naomi shrunk in her seat, only half the conversation over. She hadn't even told them of their fates and they were reacting horribly. Well, they were reacting rationally, it was simply a horrible situation.

"Sorry?" Naomi answered, raising her voice as though it was a question. Wanda leaned back in her chair, continuing to watch Naomi's face with a blank stare. It was Vision who remembered the reason that Tony and the others had left the room.

"Then, hypothetically, you do know the future." He nodded, his face unreadable. "What of the casualties you spoke of?"

"Are you sure?" Naomi asked weakly, already resigned.

"Tell us." Wanda commanded, not in the mood for sugarcoating. She regained her composure, though her eyes remained wide and swimming with emotion.

"Well, Thanos wins the war. In order for him to do that... he needed all six stones." Naomi breathed, looking away. "Including the mind stone." She did not need to see Wanda to hear the pain and hesitation in her voice.

"Vision...?"

"Yes." Naomi did not need to explain further for the witch to understand. However, she wasn't done with the death toll.

"When Thanos had all six stones, he wiped out half the universe, killing them with random selections." Naomi's voice grew thick as she brought her eyes back up to stare at Wanda. Her weighted gaze said everything, and now it was Vision asking her name.

"Wanda?"

"...Yes."

For a pressing moment, Vision and Wanda locked gazes with each other, ignoring Naomi. Sharply, Wanda turned back to the camera with burning eyes, reaching her hand out to he bottom of the screen. In a second, the screen turned black, and Naomi was officially alone in the room.





29. Theme Song





For once, the Avengers lounge room had more than two people in it at a time. At the present, there were four, as the sorcerer supreme had left for the Sanctum Sanctorum with a promise that he would be in touch. That left the Iron Man, the God of Thunder, the Lord of Chaos, and the ex-assistant of a regional paper supply company. Also known as the Prophet. They were currently sprawled about the room, Naomi laid on the love seat with a steaming cup of black coffee on the table beside her. Thor sat on the adjacent couch, appearing very comfortable in his loose jeans and baggy jacket. On the opposite end of the couch and fashion spectrum, Loki reclined in a Mitford Pinstripe Gucci suit paired with a Louis Vuitton Damier Tie. Though he appeared to be the rich man in the room, the actual billionaire matched more closely with Thor, in some fitted jeans and T-shirt.

The original plan had been for Thor, Loki and Naomi to leave as soon as everything had been properly worked out, however there had been a slight change of plan. According to Tony, he was expecting someone- who had been 'asking about Naomi for weeks.' This was impossible since Naomi had not been in the dimension for more than a few days, but Tony simply stuck to his over-exaggeration and shrugged. There really was only one person that he could be referring to, so she asked the brothers to wait a bit longer on Earth. Currently, Naomi searched for some extremely sensitive and top-secret documents on her phone- to be used when the newcomer arrived.

"So Reindeer Games, how's it going on the crazy scale?" Tony broke the silence, sliding into the center space between the ring of couches. With a single swipe, he slid Naomi's legs off the cushion and plopped down. Keeping her eyes on the screen, Naomi simply propped her feet against his shoulder, crossing her ankles as her socks came dangerously close to his hair.

"it varies from moment to moment."

Naomi barked out a laugh, retracting her legs as she held her stomach. Of course, this only earned her strange looks from the rooms other occupants.

"Naomi, what do you find so funny?" Thor questioned, raising an eyebrow at her. Calming herself, Naomi sat up beside Tony- who was confused but amused- and got her last giggles out.

"It's kinda a popular line from Loki." She grinned, looking over to Loki and watching his reaction. His eyebrows shot up, clearly shocked but mostly pleased at the notion of being popular.

"From the movies, yes?" He asked, leaning forward. Naomi nodded, quickly checking to see if she still had the available information on her phone before turning back to everyone.

"Does everyone have, ah, popular lines?" Thor pursed his lips in thought as he waited. Still grinning, Naomi scoffed with a smile.

"Of course!" She exclaimed. "Everybody's got iconic lines." Toying with her phone, she thought up of a few from the specific Avengers in the room as Tony hummed beside her in question. "Well, Tony you've got the whole 'genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist' thing."

Tony nodded in satisfaction, shifting in his seat with a pretense of self-importance. "Still true to this day." He smirked.

"I think Miss. Potts would say differently." Thor countered, chuckling at Tony.

"I'm exclusive, what can I say. VIP's only." Tony opened his arms, showing himself off as the rest of them laughed. Even Loki snickered at the Stark's sense of humor, finding him to be quite funny. Naomi always found Tony funny, and so was still breathy with laughter as she took another swig of coffee.

"Uh, well if you don't look at the Ragnarok ones, Thor has a line that gets referenced all the time." Naomi gestured, holding her cup of coffee with a devious smile. "I like this drink. Another!" She pantomimed throwing the cup down, generating the most reaction from the Asgardians, who knew what custom she was referencing. As for Tony, he was used to being confused by her by now.



"And do I get any?" Loki smirked, leaning against the couch. Feeling confident from the easy-going atmosphere, Naomi smirked right back.

"If it were easy, everyone would do it." Of course, this was not one of Loki's more famous lines, however it would be an unwise choice to suddenly remind Loki of his past choices. Besides, they were more speech-like than amusing or funny, which was what she was going for. Once again, Tony didn't recognize it, but Thor and Loki appreciated the reference. She would have listed more off, if a streak of red and blue didn't land on the giant window.

"Hey Mr. Stark! I'm here!"

Tony subsequently groaned in exasperation, muttering about 'finger prints all over the windows' as he moved to unlatch one of them. Thor and Loki shared looks of confusion as to who the hell just landed on the glass in a spandex onesie, and of course Naomi got a shit-eating grin on her face. The second Peter swung himself through the opened window into the room, she opened her phone and pulled out her secret document.



Through the first opening notes, Naomi grinned at Peter- holding out her phone and upping the volume. "Hey Peter, what do you think of this cool song I found?"

Peter cocked his head at her, mask still on as he hovered near the Window and Tony. He had yet to notice Thor or Loki, focusing on the weird woman who knew so much about him. He was about to ask her what she meant, when the first words sang out from her phone.

"Spiderman, Spiderman, does whatever a spider can. Spins a web, any size- catches thieves just like flies-"

"Spiderman, Spiderman, does whatever a spider can. Spins a web, any size- catches thieves just like flies-" "Look out!" Naomi said along with the music. Peter's suit eyes were wider than she had ever seen them, and she was willing to bet his mouth was hanging open.

"Look out!" "Here comes the Spiderman!"

"Here comes the Spiderman!" She paused it there, grinning to herself as she was met with looks of mixed awe and confusion from the rooms other occupants. Peter began looking from Tony to Naomi, bouncing on his feet.

"What was that?!" He asked, not even bothering to keep the excitement out of his voice. "Is that a theme song?!"

"Maybe." Naomi shrugged coyly, throughly enjoying his reaction. Peter turned fully to Tony, gesturing to his face in question of if he could take off his mask. Still, he somehow hadn't noticed Thor and Loki in the room, since he hadn't freaked out over meeting Thor. Tony nodded in response, and Peter pulled off his mask in a swift motion, leaving him with very messy mask-hair.

"I have a theme song?" He asked her, his voice breathy with awe and childish joy. Peter's eyes were wide and bright, and behind him Tony couldn't help but chuckle.

"Do I get a theme song?" Tony asked, fake pouting as he walked back to his seat on the couch next to Naomi. She laughed, scooting to make room.

"Yeah, but I think I'll show you some other time." Tony scowled with false annoyance and sulked on the cushion as Peter edged toward the group.

"Wait, uh, are you actually from a different dimension?" He asked carefully, clasping his hands in front of him, kneading the mask limp in his fingers. Naomi's smile softened at his shy demeanor, knowing exactly what would pump him up again.

" I don't know, Thor, am I from another dimension?" She turned to face the blonde god, keeping her eyes on Peter. As she suspected, his face was absolutely priceless- a mixture of complete wonder and shock. His jaw dropped as he turned to finally stare at the still long-haired Thor seated on the long couch, answering Naomi's question.

"Of course, you have proved it time and time again, Naomi." Naomi sent a silent thank-you to Thor as she noted his use of her first name. He finally dropped the whole 'lady' thing, and now Peter thought she was BFF's with the god, which scored some coolness points. Almost subconsciously, Peter began to bounce on his heels, staring at Thor even when he turned to meet his gaze. Unfazed by Peter's clear adoration of him, Thor introduced himself with a polite smile.

"Spiderman, is it? I am Thor, son of Odin. This is my brother Loki." Thor gestured to the side where Loki seemed quite put-out over Peter's fanboying over Thor. "Naomi has told me of you, you are the adopted son of Stark, yes?"

Peter quickly stilled and turned red, quickly switching gazes between Thor, Tony and Naomi as he tried to make sense of the situation. Naomi was obviously beside herself with laughter, clutching her stomach as she tried to reply that yes Peter is most definitely Tony's spider-son, but unfortunately Tony got the first word.

yes Peter is most definitely Tony's spider-son, "No, I didn't adopt him, Peter lives with his Aunt." Tony rolled his eyes, throwing a threatening glance over at Naomi, who was still dying next to him. "What have you been telling all the Asgardians, Hepburn?" His voice was laced with unconvincing malice, Naomi only giggled at his attempted interrogation.

"Only the truth, I swear." She smiled. "Peter Parker is basically your son, just accept it." Poor Peter himself was sill standing in the middle of the room, beet-red and endlessly confused. He came to the facility the second he got a message from Tony, wanting to find answers about the woman he bumped into on the street. Instead, the kid had even more questions than before, met one of his idols, and possibly a new dad. It certainly didn't help matters when Tony only responded to Naomi with a shrug and a smirk, neither confirming nor denying that Peter was basically his son.

basically His poor little spidey-heart could barely handle it.





30. Kid





The sun had set before the trio was able to depart for space travel. Thus, Tony made the executive decision to have Thor, Loki and Naomi stay the night and leave in the morning, much like they had on Asgard. Peter too, had been set up in a room by Tony because it was 'too late to swing around on silly string.' he would kill her if she ever told him, but Naomi definitely sensed his dad side poking through. It was already present in his humor.

Tony and Naomi stayed a bit later in order to wrap up plans and supplies for her second trip off planet Earth. Thor and Loki had been lodged in a room together, monitored by SHIELD agents and all kinds of technology that definitely didn't exist in Naomi's dimension. Presently, the co-leaders of the war against infinity war strode down an empty facility hallway, lit by bright blue strips of light along the ceiling.

"Hey- did you tell Peter about Infinity War? We kinda got sidetracked earlier." Naomi commented, breaking the comfortable silence the two had previously held. The sidetracking was almost completely Naomi's fault, but she failed mention that. Watching Peter's over-enthusiastic reaction to literally everything was a much welcomed break from the heavy subject matter that followed the Swanson.

"Nah. I know you said he was involved in the fighting-" Tony paused for a moment, thinking. "But things are different now. Can't we win without the kid?" His eyes were fixed forward as he spoke, the only thing betraying him was his voice. Underlying his worse was a sense of resigned hope, knowing what her answer would be but praying for the opposite. Naomi's eyes drifted down to her shoes- also provided by SHIELD- and clasped her hands behind her back. She was sure that they weren't even going anywhere anymore, just wandering down the hallways with no regard for how much sleep they would get later.

"I don't know." Naomi admitted. In a dimension where her only advantage was her knowledge, she was at her weakest when elements that she had once regarded as fact in the movies shifted. With so much preparation, she had absolutely no idea whether it was the right thing to do bringing Peter into the fight. "I wanna give him the choice, but we both know what he would say." Naomi added somberly. Beside her, Tony nodded. Peter would always join the fight- he wouldn't be Peter Parker if he didn't constantly get into trouble.

"He's just a kid." Tony muttered under his breath.

"I know." Naomi said. They walked in silence for a moment, randomly choosing a direction whenever the path forked, avoiding other SHIELD agents as they went. neither of them knew what time it was, and they didn't care.

"Did he die?" Tony asked suddenly, his voice quiet. Naomi's head jerked around to face him, and she halted in her tracks. Realizing that her reaction could give her away, she smoothed her facial features before he stopped as well, and turned to face her.

"I thought you didn't want to know?" She played it off, transferring her shock at his question to his original answer. Tony didn't want to know the casualty list, and Naomi had given a thousand thanks because of it. She didn't know how to look him in the eye and tell him all that he had lost.

Tony slid his hands into his pockets as he stared at her, watching for her reaction, searching for an answer. "I didn't. But now I need to." It was painstaking how tired the man was, mentally exhausted and yet resigned to fight the largest battle of his life in the near future. She softened as she took him in, his somber and serious mood affecting her own.

"He didn't die in the fight." She decided. It felt like a nasty lie not to tell Tony the entirety of the truth- but Naomi had a horrible sense that it would come out soon anyway. Tony was too smart for his own good, and even at her positive answer his face hardened.

"Did he die?" He repeated. Tony's voice did not betray him this time- it was as stern and stony as his expression. It was his eyes- they swam in a vulnerable fear that Naomi hadn't seen in him before. She had known how much Tony Stark cared for his friends- his family - but seeing it in person almost brought her to her knees. It was humbling in a way, to see just how much a person could care for others. Telling him about Peter's death was an impossible task.

family "Not... not permanently."

Tony sucked in a breath, despite having prepared himself for the answer. It didn't matter to him that Naomi said Peter would return- what mattered was that in some other dimension, other timeline, Tony had failed to protect him. He stumbled back a few paces before Naomi rushed closer, desperate to right the wrong.

"It wasn't your fault! The snap- it, it was random!" She pleaded, hugging her arms to her chest as she searched his eyes. They met hers but he didn't focus on her- his mind was filled only with the knowledge of the 17 year old's prophesied demise. "Tony it wasn't your fault." Naomi grabbed his shoulders, steadying him as he finally focused onto her. Several seconds passed where they simply stood there, each of their inner thoughts unknowable to the other.

Unable to wait for Tony to respond, Naomi took a chance and pulled the Iron Man into a hug, noticing for the first time that she was shivering slightly. The hallway wasn't cold or drafty, but somehow she still shook- and was dimly aware of a wetness in her eyes. Tony didn't respond as she clutched him, her head hunched over his shoulder, obscuring her quivering lips and clenched eyelids. After eons, he retuned the hug, instinctually patting her on the back as he felt her shake. Tony himself was unnaturally still, barely aware of his own breathing.

"My kid died."

It was a statement- incontestable and shattering. It was a realization that no parent should ever come to, and Naomi cursed herself for ever telling him.

"I'm sorry." She pressed her forehead onto his shoulder, stilling in the slight comfort of his fatherly embrace.

"Why?" Tony's question almost came out as a laugh, breathy and disoriented after the tragic news. "You couldn't stop it." The second part of Tony's statement hung in the air- that he couldn't stop it either. Neither of them could've stopped it- then. This time, it was different, and Naomi was already committed to stopping Peter's, and everyone else's deaths.

"We can now." She said, and still hugging in the hallway, they both knew they had no other choice.





31. Mornings





It was a seemingly quiet morning. The inhabitants of the Avengers facility were once again assembled in the lounge, quietly preparing for the rest of the day. At the couches, Peter Parker almost bounced in his seat as he bombarded 'Mr. Thor' with various questions. 'Mr. Loki' reclined in his designer suit on an opposite couch, content for the moment to watch his brother try and answer the teens obscure questions. At the other side of the room, Naomi and Tony spoke in hushed tones over the glass table, each nursing a cup of coffee.

"It's his choice, Tony. You know how strong he is." Naomi spoke, her eyes sliding over to Peter- who was currently barraging Loki with questions about his magic. He seemed to trust that Loki was a good guy, after knowing that Thor, Naomi, and Tony to an extent, trusted the God.

"He's a kid." Tony shrugged. "He'll want to fight no matter what the odds are."

"Reminds me of someone." Naomi smiled, and Tony followed her gaze to the web-slinging superhero. He too smiled, more accustomed to the idea of allowing Peter to fight than he had previously been. The sudden shock of what Naomi had told him had taken the entire night to process- along with her vehement explanations that as long as they won against Thanos Peter should be fine. It was an unspoken realization for them, that even though Naomi knew so much about their universe, she had no idea what was about to happen now that everything had changed. She couldn't protect Peter from what she didn't know- but neither of them discussed that.

"I hate it when you're right, Hepburn." Tony sighed, looking back to her. Naomi chuckled and sipped her coffee, happy that Tony's mood didn't seem too terribly weighted that morning. "Do you want to ask him?"

"He's your kid." She grinned, and Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes- yet didn't deny it. Naomi continued to smile with satisfaction as Tony rose from his chair with a grunt, ruffling her hair before he walked over to the couches. With a short command and a tilt of his head, he brought Peter out into the hallway to tell him about the Infinity War.

For the first time in a while, Naomi took a short moment to relax and enjoy the moment. Having given a part of her burden to Tony, it was easier for her to carry it, even if the guilt of having him know now added to her load. However she couldn't change what the billionaire wanted to know, so she put it out of her mind and sat in her chair, wrapping her hands around the coffee mug. It crossed her mind that it should be strange, that she shouldn't be relaxed in a superheroes secret facility, with two Gods across the room chatting back and forth, and drinking coffee brewed by one of her favorite fictional characters. However that was what her life had come to, and Naomi had moved on from it what felt like long ago, even if it had only been a few days.

Peace was fleeting, of course, in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and thus Naomi was interrupted from her quiet morning by a pair of brothers.

"Naomi, why don't you tell us who the spider child favors more, me or Loki?" Thor bellowed to her, a little too loud for the distance between them. Shaking her head with a hidden smile at the petty question, she turned to face Thor and Loki, turned around on the long couch to look at her. Loki perched himself on the cushions, folding his arms on the back of the couch and leaning forward over it. She had no idea how he did it, but somehow his posture was always both refined and probing, sticking his nose into other people's business and looking way too handsome doing it. It would be quite a problem for Naomi if she were to spend the next several days alone with him and Thor. Speaking of, the blonde had a much more casual pose, slinging his arms over the couch and twisting around in his seat to face her.

"It is quite obvious, however Thor continues to deny it." Loki mused, arching his brows at Thor as he spoke to Naomi. Thor only huffed and waited for her response. Naomi chuckled as she rose, grabbing her cup as she made her way to the spot where Peter had been previously, across form the brothers.

"I can't say that I know. The big screen never showed us Peter meeting either one of you." She gestured to them coyly, declining to mention Peter's Thor impression. Thor accepted her claim at that, whilst Loki sensed that details had been left out.

"Ooh, don't keep secrets from us now, Naomi." Loki smirked, watching her. To counter, Naomi smirked back, content to play Loki's game. It was a nice morning activity.

"I've never lied to you." She responded, and Loki leaned back against the cushion, the smirk never leaving.

"I would never accuse you of it."

Thor glanced between them with an exasperated expression, looking as though he wanted to admonish his brother. Loki merely ignored him, keeping his sights set on the prophet. "You have seen much however, yes?" He questioned, already knowing the answer. Naomi arched a brow, wishing she had brought her sunglasses out of her room. They added an element of mystery that she loved abusing in every situation possible. An annoying habit for her friends back home, but it never ceased to amuse her.

"Yes, I daresay i've watched your movies." She sipped her coffee, half wishing Thor wasn't here to witness the coy exchange. She was grateful he was there however, since she wasn't sure if Loki would act differently had he not been monitoring him. It didn't matter in the end, as Tony abruptly finished his talk with Peter, and chose then to re-enter the room, the teenage superheroes absent- most likely sent home.

Naomi shifted her attention away from her back and forth with Loki, sharing a look with Stark that told her what Peter's answer was. She hadn't doubted for a second.

"Alright gang. Lets get this show on the road." Tony gestured from them to follow, indicating with his watch that the trio's time on Earth was up. Gathering themselves, Naomi and the two brothers crossed the room to Tony, where she fell into step beside him through the halls.

"Next stop, Sakaar." She grinned.





32. Coincidence





Because the God of Thunder had very little regard for lawn maintenance, there had previously been a large Asgardian symbol burnt into the grass. It was left over from Thor's visit to Earth after hearing the call of Heimdall, who had in turn been 'contacted' by Tony and Naomi. The Stark, who did indeed have pride in his immaculate lawn outside the facility, chose the area to once again summon the Bifrost.

As Naomi explained to Thor and Loki, the journey to Saakar was one that had to be taken in a different way of transportation. How the Hulk managed to end up there, she and the rest of her dimension had little idea, however there waste way that she did know. The plan was to have Thor, Loki, and Naomi enter the Bifrost together, and leave mid-way through the journey to properly emulate what had happened in Thor: Ragnarok. It was no doubt one of Naomi's riskiest moves yet, as there was a thousand ways that it could go horribly wrong, and even if it did go right it meant she would have to plummet out of the sky onto an alien planet. Nevertheless, it was the only plan that she had, and therefore the only plan that anyone had. Going to Saakar was non-negotiable to Naomi, because of Hulk/Bruce, and several other people she hoped to recruit to fight Thanos. Also, Jeff Goldblum was there.

"Okay kid, you have everything?" Tony Stark asked for the billionth time. Naomi rather felt like a child being micro-managed by their parents before vacation, but amongst the war and drama, it was a welcomed feeling.

"Yes Tin Can." She drawled, laughing at Tony's overly-offended expression.

"I try to make sure you don't get yourself killed, and this is the thanks I get!?" Tony scoffed, crossing his arms in the posture of a stern mother, but with a melancholic tone to his voice. The news about Peter still troubled him deeply, more than Naomi could hope to know, but she still tried to provide some comfort. Dropping her sarcastic edge, the brunette smiled gently before pulling Tony into a hug. The second time she had done so, but fortunately she was not crying all over his shirt unlike the first occasion. In reaction, Tony chuckled at her sentiment and returned the hug, patting her back before holding her away from him at arms length, gripping her shoulders.

"Yeah, yeah, kid. Just come back in one piece so someone will get my references." Per usual, he avoided an overly sentimental farewell, disguising it with a joke. Naomi simply rolled her eyes with a light smirk, playfully shoving him off before walking side-by-side to the brothers, who stood waiting to depart.

Loki appeared to wish to comment on the emotional display by the Iron Man and the Prophet, but was admonished into silence by a grunt from Thor. Opting to cover it up by brushing back his slicked hair, he simply arched an eyebrow as he looked between Naomi and Tony.

"Are we ready to leave?" Thor asked the both of them.

"You guys got the packs?" Tony asked, gesturing to the gray backpacks worn by Naomi and Thor. Loki didn't appreciate the way they looked, so he simply whisked the pack away into some magic storage space to pull out later. Tony almost had a hissy fit when he did so, considering all the technology he jam-packed into the things.

All three bags were made of a synthetic fabric from Tony's lab, a sleek gray material that he claimed could deflect knives, though not bullets. In his words, they were 'horrifyingly rudimentary,' but considering he had only a few hours to prepare them, it was really quite impressive. The packs stored a few days worth of MRE meals, probably recommended by Rhodey, along with a compact water filtration system and a small compartment which housed ear pieces for communications. However Naomi's pack was separate from her male companions, in that she was given a gun.

The gun was not ordinary, of course, coming from Tony Stark. Another 'rudimentary,' rushed project, it was a portable version of the Iron Man suit's repulsors located on his palms. He was only able to give her a brief explanation on how to use it, explaining the different power settings and attempting to show her how to aim. For the first time, Naomi thanked her father for insisting that she learn to hunt from a young age- a Swanson tradition, he said. Naomi considered herself as a more modern-day Swanson, however the shooting lessons could now very well save her life.

The brothers did not receive an Iron Gun prototype due to the fact that they were literal gods and did not need one. However they each received an equal share of the rest of the backpack's equipment. "Yes," Thor nodded to Tony. "My brother and I are ready to leave."

"Then we should head out." Naomi decided. Silently, Tony backed away until he was at a safe distance from the are, leaving the three companions huddled closely, waiting for Thor to call Heimdall. However in the back of her mind, something was off. Frowning, Naomi turned to wave good-bye to Tony a final time, distracting her as Thor bellowed out the command. The second the Bifrost illuminated her vision, it dawned on Naomi terribly.

The three of them were supposed to have held onto each other to ensure they they exited at the same time, something that had somehow slipped her mind. Perhaps it was the unexpected development of Tony asking about Peter, or the thousand other things that she had to ensure on Saakar. Somehow, the small detail slipped her mind, and automatically, her body moved to correct it.

Lunging, Naomi reached out to her right to grab Loki's hand in the split second before they were all three shot into the air. Overwhelmed by the sudden shift and thrown off balance by her autopilot move, Naomi was slowly careening toward the side of the Bifrost. She could hardly even process the explosion of color around her or the way that the wind sucked any words out of her mouth. With wide eyes, she made a feeble attempt to grab onto either brother, but with the Bifrost came a sense of weightlessness that made her unable to freely move. Taking notice of her strained expression, the gods, who were somehow able to control their own movement, made their way to her. Thor shouted something to Loki that she could not hear, and in their ignorance they appeared to come to an agreement.

When Naomi had explained the process of arriving at Saakar, she apparently had not addressed the odd way that time functioned on the planet enough. Even if the three exited the Bifrost with only seconds in between them, it could translate to days or even weeks on the planet. Unfortunately, this lack of knowledge led Thor and Loki to believe that since Naomi was so near the edge of the Bifrost wall by now, and there was so little time left until they arrived at Asgard, the best course of action would be to let her leave first, and follow right after.

Which is exactly what they did, with a gentle push from Thor, and some mouthed words from Loki that she couldn't catch, Naomi plummeted from a hole in the sky, missing two gods.

In a strange way, she almost didn't know if she was screaming or not, because the sound of the wind tearing at her hair and clothes as she fell blocked out everything else. However she could clearly feel her heartbeat, drumming so fast she could hardly tell if it wasn't a continuous hum in her chest. With more adrenaline than she had ever experienced, Naomi was left staring into a gaping rip in the sky as she plunged downward. It occurred to her that unlike her favorite superheroes, she would be able to survive the fall. It was almost laughable, in her adrenaline-high state that she should die from something like a fall in the realm of superheroes. It almost didn't seem realistic, until a green-skinned assassin came into her mind, and her delirious sense of comedy was sobered. Indeed, the only thing that would save Naomi from her inevitable fate of dying from blunt-force trauma would be the pure, coincidental magic that seemed to surround superheroes.

With a sudden stop, Naomi slammed onto a metal surface. The roof of a ship that had happened to pass by under the diving prophet. Had she not been immediately enveloped in pain, Naomi would have cursed the bullshit logic of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

As she could not bring herself to swear, she lay paralyzed on the unforgiving ship, watching the sky above her blur with the speed at which the pilot maneuvered. Aside from a general pain enveloping her entire being, she was dimly aware of a flare in her wrist, which had caught the side of a protruding metal wing diagonal to the ship. If she raised her head to inspect it, Naomi would have seen swift discoloration and noticed that her fingers barely moved without immense pain. However she did not raise her head, and proceeded to mentally curse herself for not remembering to hold hands of all things, curse whatever freaky cult even got her stuck here, and curse whoever the hell made metal so goddamn hard .

hold hands hard And everything had been going so well up until now.





33. Photos





The magic of plot convenience in the MCU was something that Naomi wasn't currently too keen on relying on again. Though she survived, the slip up hadn't been without consequences. Had she been a Norse god with several years of lore behind her, perhaps her plunge would have been a minor inconvenience. However because Naomi Swanson was a general assistant at paper supply company, she did not have the skill set to walk away from falling several meters onto a hard metal surface unscathed.

Somehow, the ships inhabitants had not noticed her crash onto their roof, something Naomi attributed to 'MCU logic,' and thus, her ride had been undisturbed. Obviously, she had no way of knowing how long the ship sailed around Sakaar before entering into a garage of sorts, where Naomi could see lines of similar ships stretching down the lanes. From small glimpses of the building she was in, since her back decided to protest loudly overtime she tried to move from her position- which was sprawled out with her back digging into her backpack- she was in the main building. The tower where the contest of champions was held, and the Grandmaster lived.

Because thus far she had not been discovered, Naomi was not forced to cut her hair and fight the Hulk like Thor would have been, but instead she lingered in the garage. Painstakingly, she had climbed off of the spaceship after the Scrappers had left, and edged around to the back so as not to be spotted. Presently she sat, pressing her bruised back against the cool metal and gently shuffling through her bag with her right hand, the left cradled in her lap.

"Communications busted, that's just fan-f*cking-tastic." She mumbled, dangling a small bag that rattled with broken metal when she jostled it. "MCU has to be fair now? Save my life but knock out the damn comms?" The majority of her backpacks contents were damaged in someway, due to her entire weight smashing down on it when she landed. Her MRE bars were all crumbled in their packaging, but she could still eat the crumbs so she supposed it was okay. There was no way of telling if the water filtration system worked, or if the gun still shot. Testing either wasn't very practical in her current situation.

One saving grace, however, was an extremely dented first-aid kit at the bottom of the bag. Fumbling to open it with only one hand, Naomi eventually popped the lid to see some equipment laying around haphazardly, including a small tube of numbing cream that had burst open in the corner of the little white box. Sending her thanks to Tony for the thousandth time, Naomi lightly applied the cool cream to her discolored wrist as she pondered her situation.

She was currently stuck on Sakaar with no accompanying Norse gods, no guaranteed way to find them once they arrived, and no way to survive until said gods arrived. It could be weeks before she had any backup, and her rations would not last her that long. Adding to that, her back was sore as hell and her right hand shot pain up her arm any time she tried to move her fingers. The impossible situation was enough to throw to woman's breathing off track, pressing herself against the ship as she desperately tried to think. Loki had lived on Sakaar for weeks until Thor arrived, but the movie had shown none of that so Naomi had no idea how to 'gain favor' with the Grandmaster. But with all the online theories of exactly how he did that, Naomi was sure that route would be a last-ditch solution.

Now more than ever, Naomi felt just how human she was compared to everything around her. She had no experience in battle, much less war, and her self-defense training had been basic. She was a decent shot, sure, but that had been in middle school with BB guns, because she refused to do any real hunting with her father. A decision she now cursed, at least because she had no training with real guns.

human Gradually, Naomi's breath became faster and faster, her heart beating in time with her gasps. Her eyes darted about and she gripped her injured wrist, bringing it up to her chest- ignoring the stabs of pain. Clenching her eyes shut, her mind raced to think of some way out of this- of what Tony would do, or Captain America or Thor- but she was none of them. Naomi was just a fan of Marvel, and somehow that meant she ended up on an alternate-dimension alien planet without any superhero help. Trembling slightly, she unzipped a pocket on the side of her thigh, built in to the SHEILD uniform. Inside, her phone lay miraculously undamaged, as she landed squarely on her back and not on her side. Her left hand still held to her heart, she opened the phone with the thumbprint ID and hesitated for a moment.

What exactly she had been planning to do with the device was unclear to her- perhaps she reached for it put of a subconscious need to contact someone. However there was obviously no signal on different planets, so it was out of the question. However, Naomi ended up pressing on a different app that ultimately had the same comforting effect.

Her photos app had recently been filled with selfies and various shots of her journey through the Marvel universe. There was selfie with Peter in a sandwich shop from her first day there- still thinking that it was an elaborate prank. Strangely, the thought of everything ending up as a prank made her chuckle softly. Next, a series of blurred photos of her and Tony, drunk out of their minds after she told him he was a movie character. Naomi rolled her eyes, and her heartbeat started to slow down. After that, she had a selfie with Skurge, who clearly had no idea what she was doing with the phone based on his expression in the picture. A few scenic shots of Asgard, and the thought that Sakaar wasn't her first time on a foreign planet was massively comforting. Pictures around the Andvari, including the Skull of Surtur and one with a blurry Thor in the back.

Taking a deep breath, Naomi exited from the app, her mind much more cleared and ready to tackle her next task. Before anything else, she turned to the camera and raised her good arm, taking a selfie with her probably dislocated wrist, the dented medical kit, leaned against the back of a spaceship. Tony would probably roll his eyes at her reaction to being alone and injured on a alien planet- taking selfies. But it was distracting, and it worked to slow her heartbeat and center her thoughts on getting to the next step. Which of course, was a sling.

Without any medical experience at all, the most Naomi could do was re-apply the numbing cream until she could find some sort of doctor-if those even existed on Sakaar. Pulling out the bag that held the busted part of the high-tech earpiece that Tony gave her, she dumped the shattered bits into the bottom of her bag. Examining the delicate material, Naomi fumbled around in the medical kit before she happened upon a small pair of surgical scissors, covered in numbing cream. Wiping off the excess before proceeding, she cut into the seams of he bag until she had a medium-sized strip of rectangular fabric. That alone wouldn't be enough to wrap around her shoulder and make a sling, so she grabbed a small roll of medical tape and played around until she managed her goal.

If any stragglers had been around in the garage when Naomi finished, they would have seen quite an odd sight, even on Sakaar. A young woman with a mussed brown bob cut, dressed in a fitted black leather uniform, and a small bag hanging off one shoulder. One arm was held to her torso by a thrown-together sling comprised of expensive fabric and stock medical tape. In the other hand, however, she carried a slightly scratched and dented shotgun, with a large barrel and painted with the trademark colors of the Iron Man.

All in all, she was clearly a woman on a mission.





34. Alias





The art of conning a person wasn't something Naomi could claim to be experienced in. She was a decent liar, especially on the spot. There was many a time in High School when she had to explain why she was running late to a class, or why she had her phone out during a lecture. Not to say Naomi Swanson was a delinquent, she was a good enough student, she was simply good enough without always arriving on time or always paying attention.

However conning someone was an entirely different scenario than coming up with B.S. excuses. The most experience she had was watching Oceans 11 and The Wolf of Wall Street. But if there was ever a time for her to try something new, it was now. Walking through the garage and out into the corridors, she racked up her knowledge of poker games and figured out a way to bluff her way into the tower. For the most part, she avoided people in the long winding corridors once she found her way out of the garage, but she couldn't stay hidden forever. Eventually, the small corridor she was wandering through opened up into a much grander hallway, with an arched roof and strange designs on the walls. The planet was truly chaotic, if only in their choice of architecture.

Naomi pressed herself against the wall, hiding from view until she could scope out the path. She felt a bit silly, in truth. If any of the Avengers had been inherited position, ad she had watched it on a screen, she would have thought it the coolest thing. The big, powerful Avengers stealth-ing their way through an alien planet, it would have been amazing. Yet when she was stood there, with a busted wrist in a sling and a backpack slung over her shoulder, it didn't feel nearly as cool. Perhaps she was missing some dramatic theme music, but it was a bit risky to play it on her phone, so she opted out.

Instead, Naomi did just about the one thing she could do, and swaggered out into the hallway with all the confidence of Peggy Carter doing literally anything. Her reasoning was that, if she simply appeared to belong there, she would. It wasn't the safest route, perhaps, but Naomi didn't have a team of script writers concocting an epic scam for her to make her way through the ranks on Sakaar. All she had was a brisk pace, an intimidating gun swinging casually at her side, and a DIY sling.

Astonishingly, it worked. The hallway was clearly some sort of servants path, and thus was bustling with uniformed aliens of several different species carrying various dishes and supplies. They all immediately took notice of Naomi, since she stuck out like a sore thumb for several reasons, but the pure confidence in her stride prevented the 'slaves with jobs' from questioning her. It took quite a lot for Naomi not to burst out laughing that she was actually scamming her way into the Grandmaster's Palace.

Didn't last for very long though, seeing as all her MCU plot convenience was used up when she fell onto a moving space craft and survived.

"Hey, you're in the contest yeah?" The voice spoke up from behind Naomi, and she froze for a moment, before turning around. Before her was an alien with a lovely shade of lavender skin and deep violet hair, which was pulled up into an immaculate bun. She couldn't be overly sure, seeing as it was an alien, but it struck her as male, with a sharp jawline and stern features that should have gone against his color palette, and yet didn't. Based on his attire, the alien was clearly someone of relative importance, and he carried a gaudy quill paired with a clipboard that he checked frequently, as though it was subject to change.

"Yeah, what of it?" Naomi answered curtly, praying the man wouldn't look into it further. He did of course, and stared suspiciously at the gun dangling at her side, which only vaguely matched the general atmosphere of the planet.

"That from the champion's rack?" He gestured with the oversized feather, shaking it in the direction of her gun with clear frustration. "You can't take those out of the weapons room, and who the hell did that monstrosity?" His features twisted in disgust as he moved his quill to point as her sling hesitantly. Naomi was almost offended, it was the best she could do with limited supplies and only one hand, and here she was being judged by the fashion police. The alien's pompous attitude only helped her however, as it made her 'gruff champion' facade more realistic as she bought real emotion to the table.

"I've just got back from training, and it's my gun, got it as a gift." She declared, matching his air of importance as some of the passing servants took notice of their conversation, discretely listening in. She was completely bullshitting him, of course, but no one else had to know that.

my "And who , might I ask, has clearance to give some low-level champion an unregistered weapon?" He spat, forcing Naomi to take back all the nice things she had previously thought about his hair. It was quite impressive, the precision with which it was done, but she couldn't focus on that when she had some impressive lies to tell.

who "My friend Valkyrie. You might know her as Scrapper 142, one of the Grandmaster's favorites." Naomi dropped names left and right, drinking in the fearful awe that crept over the purple-skinned alien's face. He composed himself quickly, but grumbled all the same as he forced her to register the weapon, scanning it with the surprisingly high-tech clipboard and asking for her name, so she could claim official ownership. That threw Naomi for a moment, as she hadn't thought of whether she should give her real name, but she was too deep into the lie to tell the truth now.

"Hepburn." She retorted, with all the false confidence she could muster. It seemed to have its intended effect, as the man simply became annoyed by her attitude rather than suspicious of whether she was a real champion or not.

"Fine then. Go get that arm fixed in the med bay before the next fight," he once again used the quill to point at Tony's prototype gun, "and leave that at the door."

"How the hell am I meant to get to the med bay?" Naomi asked, and immediately cursed herself. The man had just been about to leave without prodding into her identity, and now she brought his attention back onto herself. Her curt tone still served a purpose, as the clipboard-bearing alien's only response was to yank a random servant from nearby and shove them at Naomi.

The purple man quickly disappeared into the crowd, unwilling to associate with 'Hepburn' any longer. Tony would have laughed his ass of if he knew that Naomi was using his nickname as an alias on a different planet. Now Sakaar thought she was Hepburn, Asgard thought she was 'the Prophet' and her home dimension probably thought she was dead. What a mess.

"Right then. Lead the way?" Naomi turned to the servant that had been interrupted from their job, a small stack of plates in their hands. The poor thing was at least a foot shorter than Naomi, and seemed rather intimidated. She almost felt bad for pretending to be some ruff and tuff champion that hung out with the famous Scrapper 142, all of which was a lie. Hopefully, she would be able to get treated in the 'med bay' that had never shown up on the movie screens, and then worm her way out of having to actually fight anyone.

"U-uh, yes, of course, Hepburn." The servant squeaked out, unsure of themselves and whether they were allowed to refer to her by her name. For such a chaotic planet, there appeared to be some distinct class infrastructure, all leading up to the top 1%, Jeff Goldblum.

Thus, Naomi followed the servant closely as they navigated the corridors: Naomi staring ahead as though she was important and avoiding all eye contact, and the servant wishing they had been left to do the bloody dishes instead of leading around some mysterious fighter woman who casually toted around a lethal weapon.





35. Revolution





The medical bay was an especially intriguing place for Naomi, as she had never seen it in the movie. It was reminiscent of the rest of the tower, yet much more orderly and calm. The doctors on staff seemed to be unbothered by any of the chaotic elements thats plagued the rest of the planet, as though the Grandmaster had forgotten the bay had even existed. The bay consisted of a large circular room, with several cots lining the walls, some occupied. The majority of the injured seemed to be champions from the contest, crowd warm-ups that returned for every contest, like Korg and Miek. Naomi assumed that anyone who faced the Hulk, the grand champion, never made it to the med bay.

A few doctors walked around the room, checking in on the patients and working primarily with large rectangular scanners and reminded Naomi of the purple alien's clipboard. Though none of the doctors carried gaudy quills, or presented any kind of pompous air.

Upon entering, Naomi had been escorted to an empty cot by a doctor who introduced herself as 'Adelina.' She had a naturally calm demeanor, that may have contrasted with her scales. Adelina was some sort of snake alien, with small tracks of burn scales decorating her pale skin, slitted golden eyes, and a thin black mouth that naturally curved up into a smile, almost reminding Naomi of the Joker. However unlike the Joker, Adelina was perfectly rational, and had no problem fixing Naomi's busted wrist, which she diagnosed as a dislocation.

"There will be soreness for a few hours, but you will be able to fight in the contest." Adelina nodded to Naomi as she held the brunette's wrist in her hand. Naomi smiled and thanked her, worrying all the while about whether she would actually end up fighting. If she kept claiming to be a champion to every person she met, eventually it would catch up to her.

"If you'll just give me your name, I can send a report to Dengar that you will be able to compete." Adelina let go of Naomi's healed wrist, moving to a side table where she began to the into a hologram. Naomi tensed, realizing that this would be a deciding moment in whether she would enter the ring or not. She chewed her lip as she hesitated, and Adelina took note of her silence. "Do you have any other injuries? I'll need to write an incident report for your file." The snake woman asked, her voice comforting but she managed to ask all the questions that Naomi couldn't answer.

"Uh, nah i'm all good. But are you- ah, sure that I can fight?" Naomi questioned hesitantly. She was sat up on the hospital bed, her legs dangling over the side. Vaguely, Naomi wondered what would happen if she suddenly ran for the door, and avoided the questions all together. But that would never get her anywhere, and she had no idea when Thor and Loki would turn up.

Adelina frowned, scrunching up her immaculate eyebrows as she assessed her patient. "Have you not fought in the contest before?" She guessed, turning away from her work on the hologram to face Naomi. Naomi let out a breathy laugh at how quickly the woman had guessed what she was worried about. Perhaps she doubled as a psychologist.

"Technically no..." Naomi said, drawing out the syllabus as she considered whether to lie. "But you don't have to write to, uh, Dengar or anything, I'm sure he knows I'm fighting." She chewed her lip when she finished, playing with her fingers subconsciously. Adelina's frown cleared, and she arched her eyebrow in an expression that clearly stated, 'that's bullshit.'

"You are not a champion." Adelina stated, sure of herself. Naomi sighed in response, slumping in her seat as she glanced around the quiet atmosphere of the med bay.

"Not really, no."

"Then how did you get an authorized gun?" She asked, gesturing to Tony's prototype laid out on the bed bedside Naomi. She had been afraid that the staff wouldn't have allowed a weapon in the functioning hospital, however it seemed fairly standard for champions to be given lenient treatment around the tower. Thus, her damaged gun hadn't raised any questions- until now.

"Brought it from home." Naomi smiled weakly, hoping that the doctor wouldn't turn her in- if Sakaar even had a jail system. Adelina nodded in response, her face only slightly guarded.

"When did you arrive?"

"A couple hours ago. I kinda fell onto a moving ship- how i dislocated my wrist." Naomi answered, desperately hoping that she wasn't making a terrible mistake by trusting Adelina. From her limited knowledge of Sakaar, new arrivals either became a 'fighter,' or 'food.' Obviously this wasn't true for everyone because they had a large population, but Naomi was in too deep now and couldn't risk trying to get out of the tower and integrate into civilian life. She also needed to eventually reunite with Thor and Loki, and with her comms busted, leaving the tower would only complicate matters further.

"Out of a wormhole and onto a moving metal surface? You're quite lucky, uh?" Adelina said.

"Naomi. But it'll be Hepburn in the system. Thats the name I registered the gun under." Naomi answered, regaining her confidence. If Adelina hadn't reported her yet, chances were that she would keep Naomi's appearance on Sakaar a secret.

"I see. How did you arrive here?" Adelina relaxed her tensed expression, softening into a delicate trust of what Naomi was saying. "Most people have unfortunate stories of how they arrived on Sakaar, but you don't seem lost, like they do." She observed, clasping her scaled hands in front of her. Naomi examined the snake woman further as she answered, appreciating her immaculate ginger hair tied up into a neat bun, and her long nails that could have been passed off as acrylic, but she doubted they were fake.

"I was supposed to come with my friends, but we got separated on our way here. I'm waiting for them, and I think I need to stay at the Grandmaster's tower in order to see them again." She explained, and Adelina gained a light, reminiscent smile on her face. "How did you get here?" Naomi asked, leaning forward. Adelina lifted her brows and smiled, surprised at Naomi's perceptiveness.

"I too, came here with friends. We've gone different ways since coming here, but I still see them time and time again to catch up. Sakaar has treated us well." Adelina moved to the end of Naomi's cot, resting her hands on the edge as she spoke. The brunette shifted position on the bed to face the doctor, intrigued by her story.

"Why did you come?" Naomi asked.

"We, ah, well it sounds silly I suppose, but we disagreed with the way our society functioned. You could say we were radicals, or at least, thats how we were viewed." Adelina gave off an aura of reflection as she spoke of her 'society,' leaving Naomi wondering what kind of planet the woman came from.

"Your society?" She probed.

Adelina considered her answer, looking up at the ceiling as she spoke. "My planet had a very... extreme system of justice. We felt that the punishment system was too severe for the types of crime it dealt with. We, the radicals," Adelina scoffed, "felt that punishment should be more equal. It should suit whatever crime had been committed, and nothing more."

"Punishment fits the crime?" Naomi interrupted, smiling slightly at the common Earth phrase. Adelina chuckled at the casual language, and nodded, her natural smile widening.

"Our beliefs were not appreciated, so we ran. The people were not ready to accept change, and therefore, not ready to accept us. We found Sakaar a few months into deserting our planet." Adelina finished, drumming her nails on the bed.

"So you tried to start a revolution, but didn't print enough pamphlets?" Naomi tried, unable to resist herself. Adelina looked at her in shock at the question, before narrowing her slitted eyes.

"Have you spoken to Korg?" She asked, dead serious. Naomi laughed, glad that for once, someone else was able to understand her references. Albeit, for a different reason.





36. Valid Question


Italy was quite a lovely country. Especially if one were to avoid the tourist traps like the Colosseum, or the leaning tower. There was of course, good reason to visit such historical sites, but the downside was how crowded the areas could become. It would not be convenient for any persons of international fame and controversy to stay in such cities like Rome or Venice.

For such persons, the city of Atrani would be much more suitable- a smaller city tucked in between two cliffs on the Amalfi Coast. Beautiful enough to satisfy any standards, and hidden enough to decently avoid suspicion. One could wonder, of course, why any persons of fame wishing to stay under the radar would reside in such a famous country, and not turn to some remote island, or Canada.

However, it was the proximity to another continent that Italy offered, and it appeared to be of exceeding importance to one such famous person, who wished to be close enough to the African continent to visit at a moments notice.

This plan had been interrupted though, so the controversial people residing in Atrani were forced to pack their things, which had never truly been unpacked, and make haste for New York.

"You guys do know that putting a hat on doesn't count as a disguise, right?" Three people who definitely hadn't bought tickets sat in the back of a plane, squashed together in a row. It appeared quite uncomfortable, seeing as one of the passengers was considerably muscular, and was currently jammed in between the wall of the plane, and his very unhappy friend. The unhappy friend who had gotten stuck with the middle seat had been the one to speak his mind on the state of the other's 'disguises,' which did in fact consist of hoodies and snapbacks.

"You were the one who didn't want a permanent disguise." The woman of the group spoke up, considerably less squished than her companions due to her aisle seat, which allowed her quick access to the rest of the plane, should an emergency situation arise, and also leg room. She flicked back her blonde hair as she spoke, throwing an accusing gaze at the middle seat who apparently, hadn't wanted a permanent disguise.

"Well I'm sorry that I don't feel like going blonde, and Steve already stole the beard gig." Sam Wilson, the unfortunate middle seat, shoved his head in Steve's direction, who had lost all of his intimidation factor the second he allowed himself to be pressed into a window. Natasha, who had taken the aisle so she could have as much fighting room as possible, smirked at Sam's pettiness. "Are you sure we couldn't asked T'Challa for a ship?" Sam asked, huffing as he glared at the headrest in front of him. "It would be easier than breaking into an airport."

Natasha mumbled under her breath about how easy it had actually been, while Steve resisted the urge to tell Sam to quiet down about the illegality of their chosen method of transportation. "I'm sure. Wakanda has a lot to deal with right now- apparently Tony has been calling everyone - and they need all the supplies they can get." Steve nodded. "They already agreed to fly Bucky out to meet us, and Wanda and Vision are taking all of the Princess Shuri's attention."

everyone "Why are we going back?" Natasha inquired, leaning forward in her seat and resting her arms on her knees. "You said he called, and that we had to leave, but you didn't explain." Steve looked down at the floor for a moment, contemplating his answer.

"To be honest, I don't really know." He confessed. Sam raised his eyebrows in surprise- Natasha remained deadpan, clearly expecting that Steve had no idea what he was doing. "Tony didn't say much when he called, just that it was urgent and that we needed to meet him at the Avengers facility." Steve paused, thinking back on the call. "He was all disoriented- I don't think he wanted to speak to me. But he kept mentioning a woman."

"What woman?" Sam interrupted, crossing his arms as he shifted in his seat- even though he still had no room and was still very much upset about that.

"I've no idea. He got pretty defensive when I asked- but I gathered that she was the one who told him to start gathering everyone."

"And that's why Wanda and Vision suddenly took a road trip to Wakanda?" Natasha asked. The situation was very strange, even though they dealt with impossible situations everyday. Hell, Steve Rogers was literally a guy from the 40's amped up on steroids and spandex. The trio dealt with the impossible as an occupation, however this time here was no obvious perceived threat, only some vague explanations and hints at something coming.

"You spoke to them, right?" Sam said.

"Yeah, Wanda was the same as Tony. All over the place and secretive. I could hear Vision in the background- he kept saying that 'she told us to hurry.' I'm assuming it's the same woman." Steve sighed, considering the possibilities for what this woman had told them that spooked them so badly. "So I don't know what we're getting ourselves into-"

"Probably some world-ending disaster." Sam interrupted, pressing his lips together and nodding in mock seriousness.

"Definitely a world-ending disaster." Natasha joined, sharing a look with Sam that was equally serious. Steve laughed briefly, finding one of his only sources of amusement in his friends. If he was cursed to be the man out of time forever, then Captain America was at least thankful that he had people that he could trust to stay with him forever- even if they constantly called him a 'senior citizen.'

"So who's the new girl then? Are there any superpowers left for her?" Sam questioned, stroking his chin sarcastically, even if his question was valid, considering everyone they had encountered thus far.

was "Maybe Tony adopted another kid." Natasha guessed. Again, it was sarcastic, but still a valid question. Steve shrugged, glancing out the window at the increasingly darkening sky. They had been flying for an hour already, and still had eight on the way. It wasn't the best situation, but if they slept in shifts of two with one standing guard, hopefully the flight would feel shorter.

"We can talk about Tony's new daughter in the morning. I can take the first shift." Steve decided, ignoring his companions grumbles about jet lag and airplane food. Soon enough, they would be able to sneak their gear out of the cargo hold, and meet Tony to finally figure out what was going on. However Steve felt a strange apprehension at meeting the Stark, especially after his cold greeting on the phone. He hadn't expected things to be the same as they used to be with Tony- easygoing and sarcastic- but he had hoped to regain some of his trust.

It was the very fact that Tony called that bothered Steve the most- the fact that he called without a clear problem or even real instructions. Tony just told him to get to New York, because 'she said you need to be here.' Somehow, this woman had Tony convinced that something terrible was happening, and was able to get him to call. Steve knew it was unlikely, but he had hoped that Tony would one day call of his own volition- not because some strange future-telling woman told him to.

But such thoughts would only stretch Steve's guard shift out longer, so he dispelled them from his mind for the moment. There would be time to figure everything out once they landed.





37. Plan





"You do have a plan right?"

"God no, who the hell do you think I am?"

Adelina rolled her slitted eyes in exasperation, leading bak against the corridor wall with a light thud. The snake-woman and Naomi Swanson, who definitely didn't have a plan, stood at an impasse in the middle of the hallway.

"You were the one who wished to come here." Adelina snarked, raising an eyebrow at the alleged prophet, who at the moment definitely wasn't feeling very prophet-like.

"Yeah-well you didn't have to lead me to the Hulk's room," Naomi whisper-yelled, conscious of the very powerful and easily angered 'champion' who resided behind the door at the end of the hallway. "That wasn't very thorough thinking on your part." She sassed, raising her eyebrows in mock anger. Adelina simply rolled her eyes again and strode off down the hallway, straight toward the Hulk's giant doors.

"Then let's just go and knock." Adelina replied, perfectly composed and reasonable, whilst Naomi stumbled after her and grabbed the doctor's arm before she could knock.

"Are you insane?" Naomi asked. "I need to convince Hulk to help me, not annoy him!"

annoy "How do you know knocking will annoy him?

"I just do!" Naomi threw up her hands, endlessly frustrated at the situation, and at herself. It had been a solid two days since she had arrived, and had managed to stay out of the tournament and under the radar with the help of Adelina. Unfortunately, Thor and Loki had yet to arrive, and Naomi- who had no idea when they would turn up- had figured it was time to move forward with the plan. The Avengers weren't complete without Hulk, and they couldn't very well win this battle if they lost against Thanos with Bruce in Infinity War. The sooner Naomi could convince Hulk to join her and the Asgardians, the sooner she could leave once the brothers showed. Problem was, Naomi was a complete stranger to the Grand Champion, and she had a gut feeling that befriending him wouldn't be so easy as it had with Tony. Hulk probably wouldst take kindly to some random woman and her snake friend banging on his door with crazy stories about the Avengers, whom he didn't even like at this point.

"We came all this way to speak to the Hulk." Adelina explained, softening her voice as though Naomi was a child. "It would be pointless to give up now, just because you're scared."

"I'm not scared of him, this just needs to go right. If I mess this up, I would be screwing over a lot of people." Naomi joked, running a hand through her hair. Vaguely, she wondered if the stress of stopping Thanos would turn her gray before the job was over.

"You always talk like a lot of people are counting on you, but you've never explained. How does the Grand Champion factor into this?" Adelina asked. Naomi thought for a moment, before sighing. She really didn't want to explain Infinity War to Adelina, especially since the woman didn't need to know. Hopefully, it would affect her. But Naomi supposed that it was selfish to ask so many favors of the doctor without fully explaining herself.

"I don't know the Hulk, but I know about him. And I need him help me win this fight that going to happen- but I'm kind of the only one who really knows what's going to happen. I've been pretty lucky thus far the everyone had believed me." Naomi shrugged, her smile turning melancholy as she watched for Adelina's reaction. The doctor appeared troubled, albeit slightly confused by the brunette's vague explanation. It would take hour to walk her through everything, as Naomi already knew quite well.

She wouldn't have hours however, as evidenced by the two figures who had just rounded the corner, unseen by the two women. They had been carrying on their own conversation, even if it was a little one-sided. However the sight of two strangers in the hallway to the Grand Champions quarters stalled them, leaving them to silently watch the exchange between the snake-woman and regular-woman.

"What fight? It must be big if you need the Hulk's help." Adelina remarked. At the start of the hallway, one of the figures started at the name 'Hulk.' The other simply crossed their arms, a prominent and almost permanent frown on their face.

"The biggest fight i've ever seen. But hopefully it won't happen," Naomi sighed, rubbing her temples. "I need everyone to stop it. The Hulk, Valkyrie, Korg, Miek..." She listed, "The Guardians, obviously- probably the whole Asgardian army, since Hela isn't going to kill them..." She trailed off, thinking of other intergalactic heroes she had yet to recruit.

At this point, the smaller of the two figures had heard quite enough, and figured it was time to step in.

"What the hell are you on about?" Valkyrie herself asked, raising an eyebrow at Naomi, who resembled a deer caught in headlights after noticing the woman- and her friend. Behind Valkyrie, or 'angry girl' as he had dubbed her, the Hulk towered in the hall, sporting some basic armor that hinted that the pair had just returned from training.

"Well that solves the knocking problem." Adelina smirked, throughly enjoying Naomi's tricked expression as the woman attempted to figure out what to say. After a short moment of silence, Adelina stepped in, kind enough to save her from further embarrassment.

"My name is Adelina, i'm a doctor in the champion's medical bay. This is my colleague Naomi," Adelina placed a hand on her shoulder, shaking it slightly to get Naomi out of her stupor. "She has a proposition for the Hulk."

Valkyrie and Hulk turned their attention to Naomi, staring her down as she cleared her throat, trying her best not to turn red. It had happened too many times in the past. "Yes, uh, I would actually like to speak to both of you." Naomi adopted Adelina's formal tone, clasping her hands in front of her.

"You said fight." Hulk grunted, speaking for the first time. Much to Naomi's relief, he seemed interested in her 'proposition,' since apparently it had to do with fighting.

"Yes," Naomi breathed, "I did."

"Hulk fight." He shrugged, and strode down the hallway, heading straight towards the door to his room. Naomi and Adelina split up, each jumping to an opposite side of the hallway as the Hulk lumbered between them. Valkyrie was not so easily satisfied, and stood steadfast in her place, looking Naomi over to determine how she knew her, or, more importantly, the name 'Hela.'

Naomi chewed her lip, speed walking after Hulk as she tried to explain herself further. "Well, its not as simple as that-" Hulk spun around, looking down at Naomi with a surprisingly calm expression.

"Hulk fight. Hulk always fight." He stated, raising an eyebrow at the strange woman, who, apparently, had a fight to offer him.

"And you always win, yes I know," Naomi rushed, playing with her hands and attempting to not look like she was intimidated by the giant green man. Back in her dimension, Naomi had been a strong Hulk advocate ever since Ragnarok came out, and he finally got a personality that went further than mindless violence and one sassy comment to Loki. However now facing him in person, it was a little hard not to remember how violent the champion could become. "You always win, and that's why we need you." Naomi finished, noticing how Hulk seemed to light up when she mentioned that he always won. It didn't do much to reassure her, but it did help slightly to see him with a pleased expression.

"What do you mean,' we'?" Valkyrie spoke up, her voice echoing through the hall as she strode down to meet them. Adelina followed her, though at a distance. It was hard not to feel the dominance radiating off of the warrior. If it hadn't been obvious enough on screen, Naomi saw now that Valkyrie carried herself with just as much power and intimidation factor as Hulk. While it was awe-inspiring, it didn't help the poor prophet's nerves.

"It's, uh, kind of a long story." She fidgeted, not seeing any direction this conversation could go except downhill.

"Then let's hear it." Valkyrie decided, walking past all of them and to the doors, swinging one open in a swift motion. Hulk was the first to walk in, clearly perfectly comfortable with the situation at hand. Adelina made her way to Naomi's side and they walked in together, arm in arm. Valkyrie was last, shutting the door with a loud thud that resonated in the hallway, indicative of the eventful conversation the was no doubt about to happen.





38. Earth





Naomi really shouldn't have been surprised, but the Hulk's bedroom was much bigger than she anticipated. The room itself was very open and expansive, and the ceiling arched high enough to be comfortable for Hulk's towering figure. She easily recognized, however, the hot tub in the corner and the giant skull bed frame at the far end. The shelves of alcohol were immediately attacked by Valkyrie, who snatched a seemingly random bottle and a whiskey glass, which was definitely only for her use when she visited since it wasn't Hulk-sized. At the right side of the room, a quaint lounge area was set up, probably for valkyrie's use once again since it was regularly sized. The lounge consisted of several pillows and cushions, and was tucked underneath a large window, where Naomi suspected she would see the quintet Hulk arrived on if she looked out into the junkyard.

Hulk was sprawled out over several pillows, taking up the majority of space in the lounge, but Naomi and Adelina followed his lead and made their way over. After seating themselves on some spare cushion and exchanging glances that were part awed and part fearful, Valkyrie finally sauntered over with her drink, which was uncommonly full, and squatted next to Hulk. Valkyrie eyed Naomi for a moment, bringing the glass up to her lips. "So, you want to start talking?"

Naomi hesitated for a second, subconsciously kneading an expensive blanket in her lap as she considered where to begin. "Well, i'm from Earth, first things first."

Hulk immediately fixed his gaze onto Naomi, his expression more clear and focused than she had ever seen on the movie screen. Clearly, she had his full attention now that he knew she was from the planet that hated him. Naomi noticed this, and felt her heart drop a bit under his intense gaze, even if his posture wasn't remotely threatening. "Um," Naomi looked back to Valkyrie, still feeling his stare. "But I'm not from this dimension. I'm from a different Earth." She risked a glance back at the champion, who appeared more confused now than he had been, probably not familiar with the concept of different dimensions. However Valkyrie was fully aware of what she meant, and was fast to question her.

"What do you mean 'different dimension?" She took a swig from her glass, which was getting frightfully close to empty. "I thought those were just a theory."

"So did I," Naomi laughed. "But- here I am." Valkyrie rose her eyebrows, leaning forward in her seat to study Naomi. Beside her, Adelina nudged Naomi to remind her that she needed to explain further. "Right, but that's not the crazy bit."

"You being from a different dimension isn't the crazy bit?" Valkyrie asked incredulously, downing the rest of her glass and immediate moving to get the rest of the bottle. After Valkyrie got up, Hulk took the opportunity to ask a few questions of his own.

"What's dimenson?" He grunted, slurring the 'sion' at the end. He wasn't angry at the moment, but Naomi found that it was a little easier talking directly to Valkyrie than it was the giant green rage machine.

"It's uh, a different version of Earth. Same planet, but different people and stuff." She explained, hoping the point got across.

"So," The Hulk took his time, thinking through what she had said. "Not Earth."

Naomi let out a conflicted breath, unsure whether or not to correct him. "Kind of, yeah." She said. Hulk seemed pleased enough with that, and didn't bother to ask anything else. From the booze shelf, Valkyrie tossed a large bottle onto the couch, and ditched her glass in favor of drinking straight from the bottle.

"Right." Valkyrie sat down with a huff, booze in hand. "Crazy bit now."

"In my dimension, all of this," Naomi gestured to the room around them, and to the rest of the planet outside the window. "And actually, all of you-" She pointed to Valkyrie, Hulk, and even Adelina before lowering her hands. "Are fiction. You are stories we tell and even movies we watch- generally, the movies center around the Avengers, and some other assorted superheroes."

Needless to say, their reactions to the news were varied. Valkyrie arched a brow at her whilst chugging down whatever was in her bottle. Adelina, who hadn't heard the full extent of where Naomi was from, stared at her with a clouded expression, a bit put-off. The Hulk frowned, getting frustrated for the first time since he met Naomi since she kept saying strange things and using words he didn't understand. "Hulk not story. Hulk real." He snarled at her, throughly terrifying the poor woman who was just trying to stop a purple asshole from getting his rock collection.

"I know, I know! You're real, I know that now." Naomi hastened to pacify him before things turned ugly. "On Earth, my Earth, we tell stories about you, about all the heroes. We love you guys." She said. Hulk and Valkyrie both frowned, sensing that she was completely serious about what she was saying.

about "Earth hate Hulk." He said, staring at her in confusion, his anger dissipated. By his side, Valkyrie played with the empty bottle, mulling over her thoughts silently.

"Not my Earth. We love Hulk." Naomi smiled, albeit a bit bashfully. It was true though- her dimension couldn't get enough of the big guy. Last Halloween, she saw several children dressed as him, with little muscle suits and plastic masks. Hulk himself had a surprised expression on his face, a rare smile on his lips. Naomi felt quite proud then, that she had made the Incredible Hulk smile.

"Hulk like her." He commented to Valkyrie, looking down at the woman who was still undecided as to whether she trusted the brunette. Naomi was positively beaming now, making a giddy face at Adelina- who seemed shocked that Naomi had managed to win over the savage and terrifying champion that famously murdered everyone who fought him. He was quite nice actually. When he wasn't murdering in the heat of battle, of course.

"Okay." Valkyrie interrupted, bringing the conversation back to its original point. "Let's say I believe you. What's this fight you were on about?" Everyone leaned in toward Naomi, eager to hear about the mysterious battle that she had been constantly talking about, but never explained.

"It's a war, actually. This guy called Thanos is going to try to wipe out half the universe with these things called infinity stones, and we need to stop him." Naomi nodded.It was painfully watered down, but she had a feeling that Hulk and Valkyrie would stay for the entire lecture on Infinity War like several other heroes had. In fact, Hulk was already nodding along to agree to the fight. "It would involve brining you two, and possibly others to Earth to meet up with everyone else."

Hulk was less excited about that, but refrained from commenting and decided that all this talk earned him a bath. Grunting, he left his seat and made for the hot tub- Naomi averted her eyes incase she made the same mistake Thor had.

"I think you're insane." Valkyrie said. It was a simple statement, and somehow Naomi wasn't offended. She could admit that Valkyrie didn't have much reason to trust her- didn't have any reason actually.

any "I know you don't believe me- but I can prove it, kinda." Naomi offered. "Not too long from now, two men are going to fall out of one of the wormholes into the junkyard. It would actually be great If you could pick them up." Valkyrie let out a breath, willing to go along with it for now.

"And who might these two men be?" She asked.

"The princes of Asgard.." Naomi trailed off, as Valkyrie's face screwed up in confusion.

"Princes? You don't mean to tell me Odin had more kids?" Valkyrie groaned, rubbing her temples, no doubt remembering how well his first child went. "Tell me they don't have black hair and a tendency to try and conquer planets."

more Naomi stayed silent for a long moment, and Valkyries eyes widened in disbelief the longer they lingered in silence. Adelina sat looking between them, thoroughly confused. Eventually, Naomi worked up to courage to embarrassedly say, "Only one of them."

Valkyrie got herself about six more bottles.





39. Teacher





Naomi Swanson had made a terrible mistake.

After her initial talk with Valkyrie, they had spent the next few days going over fine details of the upcoming war and polishing battle strategy. It had been a refreshing experience for the young prophet to speak about the war with someone who had very little emotional connection to it, and had more than enough experience in battle to prepare. Of course, the main idea waste prevent the war from even taking place, but it was good to be prepared. Valkyrie too, appeared to enjoy the planning, at least in Naomi's eyes. She knew that it had been so long since the other woman had put her skills to real use, and it seemed to rejuvenate her, if only slightly. She still drank like it was the end of the world.

But during these talks, which were usually held in Hulk's chambers for privacy reasons, the giant green rage monster himself tended to become overly bored. He had taken to referring to Naomi as 'War Girl' because that was all she ever spoke of. Naomi also suspected that he couldn't pronounce her name, but decided against questioning him on it.

To appease the champion, Naomi and Valkyrie agreed to move their plotting to the Hulk's personal training room. The room was a vast, undecorated area other than a few massive punching bags hung from the ceiling, a large painted target on one wall, and a weapons rack tucked in the corner. Along the gray walls ran several cracks, and there wasn't an inch of space that didn't appear to have been hurriedly plastered over. Cleary, the poor maintenance staff had a hard time keeping up with the amount of damage Hulk could do in just one session. Damage Naomi had witnessed firsthand, when Hulk began his daily training while she and Valkyrie attempted to discuss the individual combatants, and how their strengths could play off each other well. They were working on how to divide the Avengers into units that could function as strongly as possible, but strategizing while the strongest avenger threw chunks of concrete into the painted target on the far wall.

into Valkyrie had been quick to join Hulk in his training, and Hulk, ever the gentleman, invited Naomi to join them. Or rather, told. His exact words had been, "War Girl no talk. War Girl fight! Like war..." He had been so excited, that Naomi didn't have the heart- or the balls- to turn his offer down.

"I don't really know how to fight though." She said, standing awkwardly at the edge of the room. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see Valkyrie at the weapons rack, watching the exchange with undisguised amusement.

Hulk grunted, thinking. "Hulk teach." Naomi's eyes widened as he waved a green hand toward her, gesturing for her to join him in the center of the room. Swallowing, Naomi sent a prayer up that she wouldn't die, and a silent apology to Tony because she was definitely going to die. Valkyrie was no help, and even stopped prepping her weapons to take a seat and watch with a shit-eating grin.

Naomi tentatively made her way next to Hulk, making sure to keep a few feet distance. While she was familiar with the avenger, they hadn't exchanged many words since their first meeting. Mostly just Hulk complaining that, "War Girl talk talk talk. War is no talk. War is fight!"

Now with his new pupil, Hulk began his first lesson. "Throw." He grunted, grabbing a chunk of concrete left over from his previous work. He extended it to Naomi, who took it from the center of his open palm with a nervous smile. The piece was about the width of her abdomen, enough to be a strain on her arms as she held it. As she clung onto her piece, the Hulk grabbed his own, albeit a much larger, boulder-sized piece of the floor. With a side glance at his student, he said "Watch."

With Naomi paying rapt attention, the Hulk lifted the concrete with ease, grabbing it with both hands and bringing it up over his head, before swinging down and releasing halfway through, so the boulder went flying through the room and struck the target dead-on. It was a primal, powerful display that surprisingly enough, had some technique to it. Not wanting to disappoint her new teacher, Naomi copied his wide stance, bent at the knees and slightly hunched over. She felt a bit foolish, honestly, and could only imagine how Valkyrie was laughing at her from the weapons rack. But an approving nod from the Hulk himself overrode all that, and somehow Naomi felt quite accomplished without even having done much. She couldn't very well throw her piece far enough to hit the target however, which was over ten meters away. With a grunt, Naomi followed the Hulk's previous style and chucked her piece a little less than halfway.

The Hulk hummed for a moment, before turning to speak to her head on. "War Girl not angry." He remarked.

"No, i'm not." She said, wringing her hands in front of her. She wasn't one to get angry often, truthfully. Odin had managed to rile her up, but that was only because of his terrible parenting. She doubted she was capable of the kind of rage the hulk emitted on a frequent basis. If anything, her top emotions since arriving in the Marvel dimension had been straight awe, and stress.

"War Girl get angry. War Girl throw better." Hulk explained, gesturing for her to retrieve her rock and try again. He was a surprisingly patient teacher, Naomi mused, and seemed to have a plan for what to teach her. Reaching down, Naomi heaved the rock up and trekked back to Hulk, growing as she thought of ways to 'get angry.' She stood for a moment, chewing her lip as her anxiety rose- she had to show the Hulk something, or he would be the one to get angry, or worse, be disappointed in her. Somehow, Hulk's disappointment seemed scarier than his anger.

"Could I cut in?" Valkyrie spoke up behind them. She was still seated by the rack, splaying out her legs in the perfect picture of relaxation. The Hulk replied with a grunt, which the warrior took as a go-ahead. "You're always so poised when we speak. It's for battle plans yes, but I don't think i've seen you relax once since i've met you." Valkyrie raised an eyebrow. "No doubt you got some stuff you need to get off your chest."

"This rock, for one." Naomi offered weakly, a bit disturbed that Valkyrie had hit so close to home. It was true that she had been denying herself relief from her stress since arriving on Sakaar, but she felt it was justified. Naomi had a job to do, a very important one at that. If she screwed up, a lot of people were going to die, and at the moment she wasn't doing anything to further her and Tony's plan. She had just been waiting on Thor and Loki, her only outlet being discussing plans with Valkyrie.

Valkyrie gave a wry smile in response to Naomi's comment, but continued. "Fighting can help you relieve that stress. Or, in this case, chucking a rock." She chuckled at her own wit, going back to observing the scene before her. Naomi's eyes lingered on Valkyrie's for a moment, her mind turning. Naomi frowned and shifted her face to look at the Hulk, his face patient, but clearly anticipating her next actions.

Focusing herself on the target, Naomi shifted into the stance the Hulk had shown her. It wasn't as clean as it had been before, not an exact replica of the Hulk's, but her teacher still grunted in satisfaction. Breathing deeply, Naomi shut her eyes and rolled her head around, getting comfortable in her slight squat. Already, she could see the benefits of fighting for stress relief. Back home, she had worked out for emotional purposes a few times, but she had never felt it overly necessary. But now she had a stress that she had never felt before, a pressure that she largely placed upon herself to succeed in her crazy plot to stop the Mad Titan. Quietly, Naomi felt her anxiety come to the forefront of her mind, her breath and heartbeat quickening in response. Before it could overtake her thoughts, she snapped open her eyes and drew the concrete up over her head, her back arching to compensate. She hovered in the position for half a second, dimly aware of her face screwing up in focus as her hands came back down, releasing the rubble just as it came into her view with a guttural shout.

To her excitement, the rock soared through the air farther, and faster than it had previously. It was nowhere near as powerful as the Hulk's throw, but the improvement was visible. In response, Hulk let out a deafening roar, a large grin prominent on his face as he watched his student light up at her throw. Valkyrie laughed at his over-excitement, but it did nothing to perturb the champion as he only joined in her laughter. Standing beside him, Naomi grinned from ear to ear, chuckling quietly at the Hulk's behavior, and at the change in atmosphere due to her vaguely impressive rock toss.

Had anyone walked in, they would have been confused as to why the grand champion, a well-known scrapper, and a earth girl were all laughing together in such a jovial manner, but to them it hardly mattered. Nothing made sense on Sakaar, so even if Naomi could hardly believe that she had been given a lesson in throwing stuff around by the Incredible Hulk, with help from the last valkyrie, she didn't care, and reveled in the care-free atmosphere.





40. No Idea





The training room looked much like it had only three days prior, except all the cracks and rubble were in different places. This was because since Hulk had become Naomi's mentor in all things violent, the large concrete space had been broken and repaired again several times over. Once again, Naomi simply had to send a prayer to the poor servants who had to repair the space overnight so the Hulk could re-destroy it. It could be said, however, that the servants had a bit of an easier job since Valkyrie and Hulk met Naomi, since the more time he spent teaching her meant the less time he could throw his fists around.

It may have come as a surprise to some, and it certainly shocked Naomi, when the Hulk continued to insist on training Naomi, and after a day Valkyrie joined in. It was admittedly an odd dynamic between the three, since two of them could easily demolish the other one and instead chose to show her how to throw proper punches. Of course, Naomi wasn't a complete newbie to the world of combat, since moving to New York she had taken several self-defense classes, but the Marvel world of fighting worked a little different.

"Remember not to sway in your stance- stay grounded or I could easily-" Valkyrie moved a palm toward Naomi, who was currently bent in the battle stance Valkyrie had taught her. "Push you over." Valkyrie lightly pushed against Naomi's shoulder, and the woman rocked back slightly in response. Naomi nodded, checking herself to make sure her feet were shoulder-width apart, and her knees slightly bent to keep herself balanced. Glancing her over, Valkyrie grunted in satisfaction and moved into her own stance with the ease of one who had spent decades in battle. Naomi was jealous for a moment, and then remembered for the umpteenth time that she had been training for three days, and Valkyrie had literal centuries of practice under her belt, and also happened to be an alien warrior.

"Right, let's go one last time before I head out." Valkyrie said. The two women proceeded to begin a slow, spoken version of the sparring Valkyrie occasionally practiced with Hulk. She was a fair teacher, and Naomi had learnt quickly that as long as she made an honest effort, Valkyrie didn't much care if her punches weren't as strong as her own, or her kicks not as smooth. Or it could be that Valkyrie never seemed to care much about anything, and was always a little buzzed. Either way, it made for a relaxed teaching environment Naomi was thankful for.

For her training, and since Naomi didn't have any other clothes, Valkyrie had lended her an old set of combat armor that fit alright. It was very simple in style- a light brown enforced leather breastplate with straps going over her shoulders and connecting in the back. Her pants were fashioned of darker material that Naomi couldn't quite identify, but was fitted and easy to move in. A sturdy pair of leather boots that traveled up to her knees, and gloves with padded knuckles completed her new Sakaar-ian outfit. Though she would never admit it to anyone in this universe, it made Naomi rather giddy when she first tried it on- like she was a superhero too.

"I can see a gap in your defense." Valkyrie pointed out, not bothering to tell Naomi where her weakness was. Concentrating, Naomi shifted her fists until they were properly positioned, so she could easily block punched from any angle facing her. Valkyrie nodded, and continued the spar. After a series of slow kicks and punches that Naomi correctly blocked, she spotted an opening on Valkyrie's behalf- her right elbow was raised too high to protect her side, and Naomi moved in. Not bothering to curb her speed like Valkyrie did, she darted her fist into the opening, striking the Asgardian warrior under her ribs before pulling her arm back into her stance.

Valkyrie- who had not been affected by the blow at all- gave Naomi a tight smile that was warm none the less. "Good eye." She commented. Naomi returned the smile, even though she knew that the gap in Valkyrie's defense had been intentional. She wasn't stupid enough to believe that she had actually scored a hit on the woman. "Lets leave that there for now then." Valkyrie adjusted her breastplate, moving toward the weapons rack where she had stored her booze next to a couple of Hulk-sized maces. "I need to check the trash for the princes."



Naomi smirked at her casual tone, and followed her to the rack, where her own backpack held her much less adult choice of water bottles. Not that Naomi didn't enjoy a drink every now and then seeing as she was a couple years over the limit, but Valkyrie seemed to consume nothing other than booze. It was a little concerning, but seeing as she had actually been drinking less since she began teaching Naomi, she didn't bring it up. "I'll see you in a few." Naomi spoke as Valkyrie headed for the door- and sent a goodbye nod and smirk as a response.

"The big guy ought to be back soon- armor fitting doesn't take too long." She called out over her shoulder as she left. Naomi nodded with the knowledge, deciding to hang around the training room for a little bit in case Hulk showed up. Earlier in the day, he had made a point of wanting to continue his own training with Naomi before he had been pulled away by his champion duties. It had been almost comical when a skinny, stuttering little attendant had asked the Hulk to stop aggressively hitting his punching bag and come sit quietly for armor re-sizing. Naomi smiled slightly at the thought as she waited for her other mentor- who usually just liked to make her do strength training instead of sparring. He did show her how to dodge giant- albeit slow- fists though, which she supposed was helpful.





--------Valkyrie POV--------

The skies above the junkyard were already crowded with ships, but most knew to stay clear of the black and white patterned, higher quality ship flying low to the ground. Valkyrie was scanning the heaps of random garbage for the descriptions Naomi had given her- two men, one blonde and one with black hair, dressed in battle gear and probably bickering. That was the only bit Valkyrie remembered anyway, and it was more than enough for the junkyards. Not many people came crashing through the wormholes, just enough to keep the population at a steady rise. Of course, the contest of champions did its best to fight growing populations, but a gladiator right could only do so much.

From her pilots chair, Valkyrie kept two hands steady on the controls, watching for any signs of people fallen from the sky. After about ten minutes, it was beginning to get quite boring, and the must humanoid object she had come across was a trashy lamp. What she did see, however, was another scavenger ship slowly lowering to the ground, signaling that it had found something. With an open smirk, Valkyrie moved in on the other scrapper's find, circling the area where the ship had now landed.

The ship of scrappers opened, and about six of them emerged to come face-to-face with two men, who stood much taller than the lot of them. Though she couldn't hear anything, Valkyrie watched with amusement as the more burly of the two moved toward the group menacingly, a war hammer at his side. She had already figured that these were the two princes- everything was a dead giveaway- but it looked like things were about to get interesting, and Valkyrie was never one to miss some quality entertainment. So she waited, and hovered her ship over the scene.

The big one- Thor- she figured, had tried speaking to the scrappers, and Valkyrie scoffed. There was no use in bargaining, in fact, the more he talked with them, the likelier it was that they would try to attack. It made him seem weak. The smaller one- Loki- clearly figured that out, and already had two large knives out at the ready. Valkyrie would have been impressed, but his eerie likeness to his older sister made her stomach churn. Odin had some serious issues.

"Ah, there it goes." She muttered. The fight had begun- initiated by the scrappers and quickly finished by the princes. Thor took care of most of them with his magic hammer- which had been interesting to watch a hammer fly around and pummel people- and Loki took the rest with his blades, slicing his enemies open before they had a chance to retaliate. Once again, Valkyrie felt a sort of queasy respect for the younger prince- his fighting had a finesse that his brother lacked, and yet his long black hair and green robes didn't do him any favors in Valkyrie's eyes.

Now that the brothers had finished, they proceeded to do exactly as Naomi had predicted- bicker. That was almost more interesting than the fighting, when Thor simply gripped his hammer at his side as Loki put his fists on his hips in an almost feminine posture. Rolling her eyes with a scoff, Valkyrie finally landed in a relatively clear patch of dirt, raising a dust cloud as she did so. When the cockpit lid raised, she could see the two of them staring at her, tensed. For a second, Valkyrie simply stood and looked over the princes of Asgard with a critical eye. As she waited, the brothers shared a glance, and slid into fighting posture. It reminded Valkyrie of her previous 'sparring' with Naomi, and the corners of her lips twitched up.

"You're coming with me." She spoke with an air of confidence. Even if these men were princes, and technically she should be subject to them, they weren't on Asgard anymore. She didn't have to give them anymore respect than they deserved.

"Excuse me?" Loki spoke, looking incredulous that she would demand action from him. For some reason, Valkyrie felt the urge to punch him. Must be the rum. Or the hair.

Valkyrie repeated herself, and this time the other brother spoke up, probably hoping to avoid further conflict. Loki seemed ready to get his knives out again, which had disappeared into his sleeves somehow. "Who are you?" Thor asked, keeping his hammer down at his side in a show of good intention. Valkyrie radiated a different aura than the scrappers, and no doubt the prince figured she would be a harder fight.

"Naomi Swanson sent me." Valkyrie crossed her arms, and fought the urge to grin at their faces. The second she mentioned the woman's name, bother their eyebrows shot up, and Loki's lips even parted in surprise. Clearly, they knew her.

"Naomi is here then?" Thor asked with a smile. He seemed relieved, and Valkyrie decided that he was a good enough person. Good enough to let him ride in her ship until they got back to the tower, at least. Loki, on the other hand...

"Where is she?" Loki demanded, a glare contrasting with his brothers expression. Valkyrie rolled her eyes, making a mental note to hide her booze from him. She didn't like, nor trust the 'God of Mischief' as Naomi had called him. However, based on the way Naomi had spoken about him, she trusted the man a great deal.

Valkyrie had no idea why.

"I'm taking you to her, she's been waiting. Now hurry up." Valkyrie barked. With another glance to each other, the brothers made their way to her ship. Thor nodded to her as he entered, but Loki only seemed to judge her outfit. Indeed, as Valkyrie climbed back into her pilots seat- discreetly pushing her bottles under the control desk with her foot- she didn't know what Naomi saw in him.





41. She Said





Sat alone in the training room, Naomi quickly grew bored of counting the cracks and playing with the bottle in her hand, and several times she had caught herself reaching for her phone in her bag. It was practically useless now- the Sakaarian atmosphere messed with it somehow, or at least thats what Naomi hoped. Either the planet was causing the screen to glitch out of control overtime she tried to access the internet- or her phone was broken from her fall a week ago. Seeing that her phone was one of the few ways she could prove her claims of knowing the future, it was kind of important that it started working again once she got off of Sakaar.

Gathering her things and heading back to the med bay- where she still slept- seemed like the best route to go, until Naomi heard large footsteps thumping down the hallway outside. An amused smile on her face, she shoved her water bottle back into her bag and stood up. Just as she predicted, the green giant himself walked through the doors, looking very restless indeed. Hulk hardly noticed her as he stalked to a busted punching bag in the corner, intent on breaking it even further. It might have been intimidating, but after day two of meeting Hulk, she figured out that he got antsy after being still for long periods of time. Even after waking up, the champion could be seen- and heard- thundering down to the training room to break something.

"Hey Hulk. Did you want to keep training?" Naomi asked, hovering around the edge of the room. Hulk whisked around at the sound of her voice, started somewhat, but calmed down once he saw it was her. Frowning, Hulk considered her offer, sending a quick glance around the room to see that he hadn't left much unbroken equipment for himself after his first bout that morning. He grunted, showing off his teeth in an animalistic show of frustration, before turning back to Naomi.

"Hulk sit for hours ." He complained, throwing his hands up for emphasis. If Naomi hadn't known not to annoy him, she might have laughed. He truly was a giant, green, muscular toddler. Instead, she kept her face passive, and a little sympathetic. It was a skill she picked up from working in an office. Crazy to think that dealing with her eccentric boss helped her deal with the Incredible Hulk later in life.

hours "Hulk want to fight !" He clenched his fists, a new fire in his eyes. "Hulk fight now!"

fight Naomi hesitated for a moment, unsure what to do next. A riled up Hulk was right in front of her, itching to punch something that could fight back. It also made sense that the contest of champions had been set for tomorrow, so it had been nearly a week since Hulk last fought someone in real combat. Searching for something to say, Naomi managed, "Uh, who do you want to fight?"

who This took Hulk aback slightly, as he probably hadn't figured out who yet. He thought for a moment, and looked at Naomi. "War Girl need fight. Good training." He decided. Starting to get a bit nervous, as the Hulk still seemed quite serious about this fight, Naomi resorted to her last line of defense. Comedy.

"Are you sure you wanna fight me?" She nervously laughed. "I mean, I have been getting pretty strong lately." Naomi stretched her arms out in front of her over-exaggeratedly, keeping a cocky smile on her face. It was a bit of a last-ditch effort, but hopefully Hulk would find the implication that she could beat him funny enough to distract him from actually fighting her.

pretty For a few, painstaking seconds, the Hulk didn't say anything. His face was frozen in its previous expression-a frown- and he didn't move. Naomi felt her heart slow down, keeping the sarcastic grin on her face despite her increasing apprehension. Gradually, his face began to clear, and then all at once the Hulk began to laugh- great big roars that followed in quick succession. Naomi's sense of relief was so immense, that she could of sworn she had never felt so grateful to hear someone laugh. Even if the Hulk was hurting her eardrums a bit. Needless to say, the champion found it hilarious, and had even begun to bend over slightly, clutching his stomach with one arm as he wheezed for breath.



After a bit, Naomi almost began to feel offended that he thought so lowly of her strength, but she pushed the thought away. Obviously she would never win against him- she was a human with little fighting experience- and he was a giant who lived to rip people apart. Naomi was just glad that he got the joke.

"Oh yeah?" Naomi grinned, drawing the Hulk's attention. "What's so funny?" Despite herself, Naomi let a few giggles slip as the sight of the Hulk incapacitated with laughter was rather peculiar. "I'm very strong, wanna see?" Naomi smirked widely, and put up her fists in her battle stance. She was aware that she was now inviting the Hulk to do the one thing she had been hoping distract him from, but Naomi was fairly certain that he wasn't taking this 'fight' seriously anymore.

very Hulk calmed his laughter a bit, walking out to the center of the room with a giddy smile. "War Girl funny." He said. Naomi chuckled as she walked out to meet him. "Funny Girl," Hulk laughed.

"Well Funny Girl is about to win this, huh?" Naomi boasted, putting her hands on her hips and jutting out her chin in the picture of sarcastic confidence. Hulk cackled once more, and put up his fists. Naomi copied his posture, and soon started in with a series of punches to his stomach, which he didn't even bother to block. The entire situation was obviously the funniest thing in the world to him, as he jokingly stepped back with every punch as if it affected him. Naomi played her part well, with overly dramatic grunts and wind-ups to strike, even if she fell prey to laughter several times.

Deciding to 'fight back,' Hulk reared a giant fist back, and began to bring it down onto Naomi with a grin. Seeing the oncoming attack, Naomi brought up her own fist to meet it, and the pair subsequently knocked their hands against each other, and the Hulk fell back with the 'force of the blow'. It was reminiscent of a moment in the fight between Hulk and the Hulkbuster, but Naomi wasn't about to bring that up. Instead, she giggled unabashedly as the Hulk roared in defeat, splayed out on the floor.





-----Valkyrie POV-----





While Loki hadn't tried to poach any of her booze, he was still the recipient of several dirty glances from Valkyrie as they trekked through the hallways of the Grandmaster's tower. She led the two princes through the never-ending always that seemed to create a small maze, and yet somehow she knew her way through them and never wavered in choosing a direction. Thor and Loki were left to trail behind her in the small pocket created around Valkyrie as she sifted through large crowds. Clearly, she was a woman of some eminence in the tower, and was recognizable to the staff.

After a few moments they traveled into a more exclusive area, populated much less with only a few attendants darting about. This was the general living space for all persons of importance in the tower, but Valkyrie wasn't a tour guide and thus didn't bother explaining that to the princes. Her own quarters were located in the complex, but they didn't need to know that. What was important, was that the Hulk's private training room was just a few twists and turns away from where the group was currently walking.

"You've made a great big show of yourself," Loki began to speak, unable to see Valkyrie's expression immediately sour from his position behind her. "But just because you know Naomi doesn't mean you have the authority to order us around like-"

"What my brother was trying to say," Thor cut him off, ignoring Loki's subsequent glare. Valkyrie kept her gaze ahead the entire time, focused on leading them to the training room instead of getting caught up in another royal family fight. "Is that we do not know your name, my lady."

Valkyrie cocked an eyebrow upwards. Even if the melodramatic one hadn't any manners, the eldest brother knew how to act civil, which Valkyrie supposed was enough for an answer to his question. They would find out from Naomi soon enough anyway, so there was little harm in it. "Call me Valkyrie." She said shortly.

She couldn't see their faces, but if she did Valkyrie would have rolled her eyes in amusement at their shocked expressions. They were almost as surprised as when she casually mentioned Naomi's name, though her name had had a greater effect on Loki than Valkyrie's name did.

"You mean you are a Valkyrie?" Thor spoke again, not bothering to mask the awe in his voice. "That is wonderful, my brother and I, we are from Asgard-"

are "I know." Valkyrie cut him off curtly. She already knew enough about both of them to form her opinions, even if she had hardly spoken to them. Thor was polite enough, and good in a fight, and Loki looked like Hela reincarnated. She sensed that they had infinitely more questions, and began to brace herself to reply to all of them with grunts and eye rolls that they couldn't even see. However as they rounded the final corner, and the door to the training room became visible, a loud roar sounded from behind the doors- no doubt the Hulk training. Valkyrie carried on, unperturbed by the noise as she heard it all the time, as did everyone else on the planet, but she sensed the princes had halted in their tracks behind her.

Sighing, Valkyrie stopped a few feet away from them and swung around, arching an eyebrow at their antics. Thor seemed overjoyed for some odd reason, and Valkyrie vaguely remembered Naomi telling her that they knew each other back on Earth. However if Thor reacted positively at the monstrous sound, Loki was his exact opposite. His face had gone even paler than usual in stark contrast with his hair, and his eyes were widened in what Valkyrie identified as fear.

"Loki, it's Banner!" Thor cried, shaking his brother arm with childlike excitement. Loki remained unresponsive toward his brother, which Valkyrie guessed was fairly common, ad instead continued to stare across the hallway at the door with dread.

"I have to get off this planet." He muttered weakly.

Valkyries eyebrows immediately shot up, and her lips even parted slightly against her better judgement. Her expression, which easily held the most emotion they had ever seen her produce, drew both of their gazes to her.

"She said you would say that." Valkyrie commented, mostly to herself, before turning away and heading for the door.

Strangely, her vague mention of Naomi brought a bit of color back into Loki's face, even if neither Valkyrie nor his brother noticed.





42. Side Eye





The Hulk's boisterous laugh echoed throughout the room, and dare she say, Naomi found it rather infectious. It was quite the sight to see the champion renowned for his ruthlessness in the arena sit on the ground with his legs sprawled out like a child, and laugh with the literal biggest grin she had ever seen. Needless to say, the Hulk found her millennial humor very funny. Thus, after their mock battle in which Naomi 'overcame' the Hulk, the pair was left giggling like madmen in the middle of a semi-demolished room. Facing toward the Hulk and away from the door, Naomi didn't see the entrance open, and Valkyrie poke her head in with an amused grin.

Naomi also didn't see the arrival of the famed Asgardian brothers, and neither did the Hulk, for his eye were shut from laughter. Instead, he continued his bellowing laugh, and occasionally shouted out, "Funny girl!" to accentuate the point that he found her entertaining.

Thor was simply overjoyed to see two of his friends in the same room, laughing and in perfect health. He was impressed, yes, because he had never seen the Hulk laugh, or smile at anything that wasn't a battle until the Hulk had met Naomi Swanson. However more importantly, Thor felt a sense of peace that in this time of impending war, his allies were alright, and reunited with him finally- even if Naomi had only been absent a short while.





Loki would later look up at the sky and thank Frigga that Naomi Swanson had not seen his jaw hit the floor when he saw her laughing with the Hulk as though it had been a casual affair. Laughing with the green giant as though it was not the same monster that had repeatedly smashed him against the ground with such brute force that it had incapacitated him for a short while. Needless to say, Loki Odinson did not lose any respect for Naomi when the Hulk called her funny, if anything his opinion of her heightened, even against his better judgement.

Valkyrie simply leaned against the wall and watched the princes reactions with unbridled amusement.

Hulk noticed the three first, finally calming himself enough to see that company had arrived. When his face fell as he recognized the Asgardians, Naomi realized that someone was behind her, and finally she turned.

"Finally, what took you so long?" She asked with a grin. Still in training armor, and with the hulk sitting down behind her with a closed expression, Naomi crossed the gap between them and strode to the brothers with familiarity. Her gaze fell first on Loki, a fact that he both noticed and appreciated, storing the information away to think on it at a later date. She grinned at him with warmth in her eyes, and an aura of surprise radiated around the trickster after she turned away to face Thor, and give him the same greeting.

"Naomi, how long have you been here?" Thor asked, a touch of concern gracing his features.

"A little over a week- time works differently here." Naomi shrugged. Thor raised his eyebrows, and glanced over the company she had presumably been keeping.

"You're wearing armor." Loki commented, his arms crossed in front his own set of armor. However he still maintained his green and gold robes, and Naomi was almost sad that she wouldn't get to see him in his Sakaarian outfit. Thor too, was dressed in his more traditional attire, and of course, the long hair. On a few occasions, Naomi had thought that perhaps she was doing more harm than good by preventing Ragnarok, and stopping Thor and Loki's fashion sense from evolving.

"I am, Valkyrie and Hulk have been, uh," Naomi grinned sheepishly, starching the back of her head, "training me the past few days." At her mention of the other two in the room, the brothers simultaneously glanced over them- Valkyrie now making her way over to the group from her previous spot against the wall, and the Hulk still sitting a little across the way, his expression stormy but his posture still relaxed.

Loki opened his mouth to comment further, but was cut off by Thor, who was too eager to wait for his brother. "The Hulk has trained you in combat?" Thor's eyes were wide with excitement, and for a second Naomi thought with dread that perhaps he would want to fight her now too, but the thought passed.

"Yeah, a little bit. He's a good teacher, Valkyrie too." Naomi nodded to the woman now standing beside them, giving Loki a side eye that Naomi didn't miss. Her other, larger teacher decided to finally stand, and with a grunt he slowly began to walkover, every step shaking small pebbles at his feet. Naomi fought the urge to roll her eyes at his overdramatic nature.

The air was tense as the Hulk finally settled for standing behind Naomi and Valkyrie, staring down at the Asgardians. "Puny God." Hulk muttered, his eyes boring into Loki.

Loki's face pinched in undisguised contempt as his ears reddened, his teeth clenched together as he began to hiss out some ancient curse on the champion who couldn't look less intimidated. However, before the God could bewitch the Hulk to turn into a frog or something, he was interrupted by a quiet, badly hidden snort of laughter from Naomi.

The woman held her hand over her obviously grinning mouth, but she clearly wasn't fooling anyone. The smile in her eyes was undeniable, and Loki could see it as clear as sunlight. Thor nearly expected him to redirect the curse onto Naomi, but for some strange reason Loki did no such thing. His posture relaxed, and he simply stared at Naomi like he couldn't figure her out, though he wished to. The blush traveled from his ears to his cheeks as he watched her try to hold in the laughter.

"Oh, I see it now." Valkyrie commented under her breath, raising an eyebrow at Loki's behavior. Thor turned to her, the only one to hear her comment.

"What do you mean?" He asked, genuinely confused. Valkyrie didn't face him, simply continued to watch as Naomi began to apologize to his brother for laughing, her grin unfading.

"What she sees in him. I get it now." She said. Thor turned to watch the pair of them, the Hulk still hovering over Naomi like some roided-up, overly aggressive guardian angel. Watching Naomi and Loki fall into a conversation, he smiled.

"Naomi Swanson has always seen the good in my brother, even in the places where I cannot. Even now, she looks at him and sees hope for his future, and I am afraid that I cannot always say the same." Thor nodded in satisfaction at his own wise words, a bit of pride bubbling up in spite of himself. Even though he had rejected the throne, he still liked to entertain the idea that he would have been a wise leader, and often impart such wisdom onto his subjects, and-

"I certainly hope you don't look at your brother the way she does." Valkyrie interrupted his inner monologue, giving him a side eye that she had generally reserved for Loki.

Valkyrie walked away before Thor could defend himself, and was left sputtering, much to everyone else's amusement.





43. Warmth





The Hulk's quarters were slightly unfamiliar territory to Naomi, and seeing as the giant himself wasn't present to fill the room, its occupants seemed rather small under the towering ceiling. After a relatively smooth reunion between Naomi and the princes, Valkyrie led them all back to the Hulk's room, because Naomi still didn't know her way around. The Hulk himself opted to stay in the training room since he hadn't punched something all day, and the others were only leaving to talk about plans, an activity Hulk had no interest in.

However after arriving in the room, the four soon separated into two groups, and opted for casual conversation instead of intense battle strategy. Naomi had no objections, as the strange time difference between Sakaar and Earth meant they had as long as they liked, though leaving as soon as possible was favorable. Valkyrie was always down for a drink, and even offered Thor one, since he had been trailing after the woman since their conversation in the training room, desperately trying to convince her that he wasn't in love with his brother. It was a futile attempt. Whether Valkyrie actually believed he was or not, she was more than willing to enjoy his distress and shove a drink at him every now and then to shut him up.

As Thor and Valkyrie were thus preoccupied across the room, Loki and Naomi were left to their own devices. Naomi had gone straight for the giant, lavish cushions and blankets laid out against a giant window adjacent to the door, and the God of Mischief followed suit. Together, they sprawled out on the alien fabric in an aura of comfort, illuminated by the light streaming from the window, side by side in familiarity in an unfamiliar environment.

"I'm dying to know," Loki laid his head on his hand, gazing at Naomi from only a few feet away, "how did you manage to tame the beast?"

did Naomi laughed once, throwing her head back against an elaborately designed golden cushion. "You're making it sound like a Disney movie." Looking back at him, the confusion on his elegant features stood out, and elicited another giggle from the woman. Loki eased somewhat, the corners of his mouth twitching upwards.

"What?"

"Nothing, nothing." Naomi smiled. "I forgot that you wouldn't know about Disney." Wryly, Naomi thought to herself that in a backwards way, it was strange he didn't know about the franchise, since it owned the rights to his character. But Naomi forced the thought into the bay of her head, reminding herself that Loki wasn't a character on a screen, but a real person sitting next to her.

"Educate me then." Loki suggested, raising an eyebrow. She was almost surprised that he didn't openly wink. However if he was hoping for a blush from her, he was sorely disappointed. Naomi simply rolled her eyes at his comment, and cupped her chin in her hand, leaning in slightly.

"Some other time." She teased.

"I'll hold you to that."

"Wouldn't miss it for the world."

If Thor and Valkyrie hadn't been more than a little buzzed at that point, they would have noticed the grin that not only appeared on Naomi's face, but Loki's as well. Only then, as the pair smiled at each other unabashedly, did Loki find a blush on Naomi's cheeks. However he was surprised at himself when he found no pride from it, only a strange sense of warmth that he was sure could be seen reflected on his own porcelain features.

As a frost giant, warmth was somewhat of an alien sensation to the man. Physical warmth was few and far between, as he often only found it when standing beside the fireplace in the Asgardian great hall. However that warmth was uncomfortable to him, though he was surely the only being on Asgard that felt such a way. Internal warmth, the warmth from his heart, was common throughout his childhood, and slowly trickled down into rare occasions as he reached adolescence, and finally adulthood. After his mother died, it had been a long time before Loki had felt anything remotely similar to the love his mother gave him. Thor, of course, was a source of brotherly love and compassion, and in their tender moments, which often only happened in the seconds before Loki died, he felt some of that warmth once more.

However Naomi Swanson was none of those people. She was not his mother or his brother, and for that he was grateful. From him, she elicited a warmth that Loki had never before experienced, a comfort that rooted in the center of his chest. As they leaned in together on the cushions of Sakaar, Loki found himself overwhelmed with the tenderness of the moment.

However when they ultimately leaned apart, the God of Mischief felt cold, and nearly suffocated under the desire to seek that affection once more. It almost made him afraid, and wary of the effect Naomi Swanson apparently had on him, even though he so craved it.

"Are you alright?"

Her voice pulled him out of his trance, and Loki realized that he had been staring at her, though she did not appear offended. Instead, her across her cheeks and the bride of her nose, a rosy hue could still be found, and for a moment Loki felt a spark of heat in his chest.

Composing himself, Loki straightened his posture as much as he could against the cushions, and cleared his throat. "Of course, that was terribly rude of me." He said. The opposite of his formality, Naomi only shrugged and smiled reassuringly in response.

"It's alright."

And for a moment, against the lavish cushions and the window shining light onto the smile of the woman beside him, everything was alright. For a shining moment, Loki felt right.





44. Hulk





"Who the hell is Bruce?" Valkyrie asked, one eyebrow raised in confusion. She was seated at a table they had managed to find in Hulk's room along with Naomi and the brothers. The four had been discussing their strategy for getting off the planet, though Valkyrie hadn't figured if she would leave with them. However, the name Bruce kept popping up, and though she hadn't cared at first, and had barely been listening to the conversation, it was starting to seriously annoy her.

hell "I didn't tell you?" Naomi asked from across the table, genuinely surprised. She was usually so good at spilling the secrets of the Marvel Universe to everyone she came across. Almost as good as some the Marvel actors.

"Probably not." Valkyrie shrugged, since it was possible Naomi had explained it to her, but she had jut been hammered. It happened quite a lot.

"Banner is our friend," Thor answered, smiling fondly, "he transforms into the Hulk for battle." Beside Naomi, Loki glowered down at the table, attempting not to relieve the 'puny god' incident. Valkyrie arched her other eyebrow, and proceeded to stare at the lot of them as though they were children trying to fool her into believing something.

"Right." She commented, not buying it for a second. Naomi sighed, unwilling to spend an hour trying to convince Valkyrie of something she had already made up her mind about.

"You'll probably see it later. We might have to ask Hulk to de-transform." She leaned her elbows forward onto the table, balancing her head in her palms and chewing on her bottom lip. The best exit plan for all of them would be the abandoned ship that Hulk had arrived on, which she knew to be out in the junkyard. However she also knew that Hulk would have a hard time fitting, since he destroyed the thing in Ragnarok. Though, even if they could fit Hulk onto the ship and pile everyone else in comfortably, he would have to give control back to Bruce at some point.

"You're going to ask the Hulk?" Loki commented incredulously.

ask "No other way to do it." Naomi shrugged. Loki observed her with wide eyes, leaning back in his chair quietly.

"I commend you, Naomi." Thor nodded, pleased with her response. "But we should be leaving as soon as possible, so it'll have to be now." Naomi looked at him, contemplating for a moment how she would go about asking the Hulk to give up control of his body. After a moment she frowned, and huffed dismissively.

"Alright, lets do this." Naomi stood, sliding her chair out behind her with a squeak. "Can you guys get the ship prepped while i'm gone?" She was met with a chorus of nods from the brothers, and a contemplative stare from Valkyrie. Clearly, the woman still didn't know if she would be joining them. However Naomi could only concern herself with one superhero at a time, so she decided to convince the Hulk first. Turning to leave, Naomi made it a few steps toward the door before she felt a slight pressure on her shoulder. Her brown hair swished in the air as she turned around to face her approacher.

A smile made its was onto Naomi's features when she saw Loki staining before her, his arm still outstretched to lay lightly on her shoulder. "Be careful." He told her. She didn't say anything in response, only reached up to lay her hand on top of his, squeezing it for a moment before they both let go.

"I promise." She smiled, and turned to leave, her eyes transfixed on his until she faced the door. Naomi's grin refused to leave her face, and she could sense his eyes still staring after her, even if she didn't hear his whispered response.

"I know."





---





"Hey Hulk." Naomi greeted, closing the door to the training room behind her. Hulk, who had been standing by the weapons rack with a sledgehammer in one hand and a mace in the other, grunted in response. As she walked over to him, Naomi could practically see the gears turning in his head as he looked between the two weapons, considering which one was deadlier. For herself, Naomi chose to go with the small black bag stashed in between a couple of swords, which belonged to Valkyrie based on their size. As she rifled through the bag, she could hear Hulk drop one of his options back onto the rack and shuffle out to the middle of the room.



Finally, Naomi's hand landed on a cool metal object, and she pulled out her slightly battered phone from the bag, still with no signal. She hardly even knew why she bothered to check, since she was on a different planet. "Hulk?" Naomi called out, turning to face him. He had chosen the mace, and was now winding up to slam it onto a hunk of concrete at his feet. Holding the weapon up over his head, he tried his attention toward her with a grunt. "Can I talk to you?"

Another grunt, and the concrete was solidly split in half with a shattered mace in the middle. His work done, and the green giant walked back over to the rack. "Yeah?" He asked.

"Thor, Loki and I are planning on leaving really soon." Hulk's face fell, he looked like a child denied a treat after dinner. Unable to bear his sad puppy eyes, Naomi rushed the rest of her explanation. "We don't know if Valkyrie is leaving too, but we wanna invite you to come with us!" Naomi finished, wringing her hands. Hulk's mood had been lifted by her invitation, but not by much. His face turned quietly contemplative as he stared off at a point in the distance, an expression rarely seen on him.

"Hulk like contest. Hulk fight." He explained, waving his hands as he spoke in a tinge of desperation. It was clear to Naomi that he didn't want his friends to leave him, but he also didn't want to leave. It was nearly enough for her to throw the entire plan against Thanos out the window, and just live on Sakaar with the brothers, Valkyrie, and Hulk forever. Almost.

"I know, I know. But remember the war I told you about?" Naomi asked, looking up at him. Hulk nodded, still appearing sad. "Well that's on Earth, so that's where we need to go- we'll pick up some people along the way- but we need to go to Earth."

"...okay. Hulk go." He nodded, perking up slightly. "Angry girl go?"

"We still don't know if she's coming." She explained. Hulk nodded again, thinking hard. "But I also want to talk to you about something else..." Naomi trailed off, unsure of how to breach the topic of Banner.

"Yeah?" Hulk grunted, attentive.

"You've, uh, you've never spoken to Banner, right?" Naomi asked tentatively. For a moment, Hulk only appeared shocked that she knew who Banner was, before his face screwed up and he turned away with a huff. Faintly, Naomi could hear a mumbled, 'puny Banner.'

"No." Hulk huffed, and with a great deal of attitude. It would have been an understatement to say that her mention of the scientist annoyed him.

"Well, listen. I'm not asking you to transform into him-" Huff grunted, but Naomi continued- "but we're afraid you won't fit on the ship to go to Earth, so-"

"You want Banner." Hulk cut her off, fully facing away from her, hiding his expression. A frown etched onto her face, Naomi walked around him so she could face him.

"No, that's not what i'm saying." Naomi stressed, clasping her hands in front of her. Hulk refused to meet her eyes, and stared down at the ground. "You have a choice here, if you don't want to transform, you don't have to." Naomi said. It wasn't the total truth, since she and the others had agreed on taking the Quinjet, but she was sure that there were Hulk-sized ships they could steal in the Grandmaster's collection. Though she really didn't want to have to do that. But her words eased the Hulk, and finally he brought his eyes up to meet hers.

"Hey, if you could talk to Banner, would you?" Naomi asked softly, as though she didn't want to scare him. Hulk froze for a moment, caught off guard, before nodding once. Naomi said, "Well, I have an idea for that, see here?" She held up her phone, the black screen reflecting the Hulk's face like a mirror. He stared at it for a moment, before tearing his eyes away and looking at her.

"You could record a message for him, and then later, if you ever transform into him, he can see it, okay?" Naomi stressed the 'if', trying to keep his mood up.

"Hulk no want to be Banner." Hulk sighed, but his attitude was less frustrated, or angry than Naomi had anticipated. Instead, he seemed to be really considering her words.

"Banner doesn't want to be Hulk either." She offered with a shrug. Hulk stared at her, eyes wide with realization. After an eternity, his mouth pressed into a line, and he nodded himself.

"Hulk give message." He said, and sat down on the floor. Naomi smiled broadly, relieved he had seen reason, and moved a few steps away to begin. Swiping to her camera, Naomi held up the phone to Hulk's face, capturing his emotions as he spoke. She hit record, and gave Hulk the thumbs up to begin. He seemed to have a basic knowledge of recording technology, since he knew the general direction of where to look, but Naomi concerned herself with keeping the camera steady.

The Hulk sat for several seconds, staring quietly into the camera, his expressions flickering. Finally, he began to speak.

"Hulk is Hulk." He grunted, frowning into the camera- but not with malicious intent- instead, he seemed stern. "Hulk not Banner. Banner not Hulk." He stared down at his hands for a moment, playing with his fingers before looking back up at her phone. "Banner trap Hulk. Years. So Hulk trap Banner. Trap, trap, trap. Again, again. Hulk tired." The green giant was vulnerable to the camera, expressing his emotions even with his limited vocabulary. Naomi almost felt as though she were intruding on his private moment. "Hulk want to be Hulk, but Banner want Banner." Hulk shook his head, sighing down at the ground. For a few tense seconds, Naomi could see the labored rise and fall of his shoulders as the champion thought deeply. When he rose his head again, he stared into the camera with an intensity she hadn't seen before, even when he was fighting. He stared as through her phone was really Bruce, standing before him. Naomi wasn't even sure if he was aware of her presence anymore.

"Hulk fight. Hulk like fight, Hulk want to fight. Bruce no fight, Bruce no want." He shrugged, nearly defeatedly. "Bruce no want Hulk. Hulk know. Bruce want Hulk for fight, but Bruce no want Hulk." He said. "But Bruce and Hulk want same thing. Want body, want control. Can't both have at same time." His expression became calm, tranquil. Before Naomi's eyes, his skin began to change shades. Hulk only kept staring straight into the camera, straight at Banner as he began to slowly shrink.

"Hulk will give Banner Banner. So Banner need to give Hulk Hulk." His last words were morphed, his voice becoming higher as his form shrunk. Naomi was rooted in place, unable to do anything except point the camera at the mans shrinking form, noting that his eyes never wavered until finally, someone new was sitting in front of her, visibly groggy, with the Hulk's giant shorts draped over his lower body like a blanket.





45. Nice Guy





The camera was still rolling, but the Hulk was no longer in frame. Instead, Naomi Swanson stared at Bruce Banner through her screen, too shocked to say anything, or even put down the phone. Bruce himself was even more stunned, finding himself seated in a giant, semi-destroyed concrete room with a strange woman filming him. He was pretty used to being half-naked by this point however, so that wasn't too high on his priority list. For a moment, he stared into the camera, and idly wondered what the woman had captured with it.

"Bruce.." She breathed, and finally ended the recording. Fumbling, Naomi shoved the phone into her armor's empty thigh sheath, and gently took a few steps toward him.

"Uh, who are you?" He croaked out, his voice rusted from not being used for a long time. Bruce gathered up the Hulk's shorts around him, and eased himself into a standing position.

"Um, my name is Naomi Swanson, i'm, uh," she hesitated, sensing that launching into the whole 'movie dimension' bit wasn't the best option at the moment. "Im with Thor." She decided. Bruce eased visibly, though he still clutched the shorts around him tightly, and his eyes were wary.

"Is he here?" he asked.

"Yeah, yeah he is." Naomi nodded, shifting her weight from foot to foot. In all her meetings with superheroes, this had to be the most uncomfortable. The man just woke up half naked with her filming him, who knew what he could be thinking.

"Can I see him?" Bruce asked. Clearly, he was thinking about Thor.

"Oh, of course! Yeah, I'll take you to him." She grinned, and motioned for the scientist to follow her. "We'll get you some proper clothes too." Bruce nodded bashfully, and followed her out the door.

The two strolled down the hallway, palpable tension in the air. Bruce walked at least a foot away from Naomi, and kept sneaking confused glances at her. "Where are we?" He asked tentatively.

"Um, Sakaar. You're not on Earth anymore, Dr. Banner." She said. Naomi shrugged apologetically, shifting to face him, and walking backwards in the process. She could only pray that she wouldn't run into anything in front of an Avenger. Bruce's eyes widened, and his gaze darted about the hallway he now knew to be alien architecture. Unfortunately it was a pretty boring hallway, and an anti-climactic introduction to another planet. "Earth is fine, though." Naomi added. "For now, anyway." His head whipped toward her, and that confused stare landed on her.

"What does that mean?"

"I'll explain later, best to get you settled in here first." Naomi toyed with her fingers, switching back around to face forward to avoid a staring contest between them. Unfortunately, this led to silence as they rounded the next corner, something Naomi normally appreciated, but couldn't stand in that moment. "Big fan of your work, by the way." She blurted, grimacing when she realized what a terrible impression she was probably making. Perhaps she couldn't be friends with all the Avengers, even if she desperately wanted to.

"Oh, uh, I guess you met the Hulk." Bruce spoke up behind her, his tone tired. Eyes widening when she realized her mistake, Naomi turned around again to correct herself.

"No, well, yes I've met the Hulk, but I meant you." She explained, watching his perpetually confused expression. "I'm a fan of your work."

your To Naomi's elation, her compliment earned herself a half-hearted smile from the man. She knew how important the distinction between Banner and the Hulk was, especially to the two men. "Thanks." Bruce said. Naomi took note of how calm he was, or at least, that he wasn't freaking out. "So you have met Hulk?" He clarified.

"Yeah, Hulk's a nice guy." Naomi smiled. Not to her surprise, Banner stopped in his tracks, and reverted back to his confused puppy expression. No doubt he had never heard anyone use the words 'Hulk' and 'nice' in the same sentence before. Naomi stopped as well, and her own smile dropped as she rushed to assuage his confusion before he began to get stressed out. "He's matured a lot lately- trust me- and he even recorded a message for you!" Bruce simply stared at her with a gaping mouth as she held out her phone to him, revolutionary footage of the Hulk within it.

"Um." He managed to get out. "What?" His expression read that he wasn't processing everything she had told him, and Naomi figured that if he watched the video now, he would probably just faint or something. Sighing, she dropped her hand to her side, and returned the phone to its sheath. Her training armor was surprisingly useful for carrying things, since she hadn't bothered to grab any knives or weapons. The gun from Tony was still in her bag, and Naomi felt confident enough to leave the knife work to Loki.

"Sorry. We can go over it later, for now, let's just get to Thor, okay?" Naomi said, softening her tone unconsciously. She was well aware that she was speaking to a man many years her senior, who also happened to have seven PhD's, and could turn into a giant green rage monster. But Bruce was clearly in distress, and even though he had no idea who she was, she was the online to comfort him at the moment. If he noticed her vaguely motherly tone, Bruce didn't mention it, and simply nodded. As they resumed their walk, now side by side, but still with a noticeable gap between them, Naomi found the tension somewhat lessened.

"Is anyone else here?" Bruce asked, glancing over.

"No, none of the Avengers." They rounded the final corner, and the Hulk's door came into sight. "Thor is just through there. But, there is someone you should know about..." Naomi trailed off, knowing that mention of Loki would undo her work to calm Banner down. Unfortunately, they were already at the door, and in traditional Marvel timing, Naomi was unable to finish her sentence before Bruce swung it open, and was immediately greeted with the sight of the exact wrong person.

"Hello Bruce."





46. Blind


(POV Switch)

James Buchanan Barnes was inherently a simple man. At least, he was in Wakanda.

He enjoyed the farm work tasked to him, and the video calls to Steve, and he was forever thankful to the King, and the Princess of Wakanda. Bucky would have been content to live the remainder of his life in his hut, with the sun on his back and the playful teasing of the children who found him so fascinating. He hardly even minded when the kids braided his hair. A few visits from Steve a month, and he was sure that he could have lived happily until he was finally old and grey.

But life always seemed to have other plans.

Bucky knew that his life would change the moment that Shuri visited his hut with the news that more heroes had arrived in Wakanda. He had appreciated that phrase, 'more heroes.' As if he counted himself as one. She told him of a Sokovian woman with strange powers, and a man formed of metal with a gold cape. Someone else may have laughed, but Bucky only resigned himself to whatever news would come next.

Then, the call came.

Shuri made another visit to him, and as much as Bucky was forever grateful to her and her kingdom for helping him, his heart sunk when he heard her next request.

"Tony Stark contacted us." She had said. For one so young, Bucky remembered her sad eyes, and felt that he was not the first man she had seen go off to war. "Something's coming."

"He wants me?" Bucky has asked, hardly believing it. Shuri just smiled and shrugged, for once not having an answer.

"I called Rogers." She said, just as he had opened his mouth to ask if she had called Steve. "He's going too, along with most everyone else." That had been the tipping point for Bucky. Steve had always been his tipping point, even back when he was just a scrawny dumbass constantly picking fights. The only difference now was that he was a muscled dumbass constantly picking fights.

"Vision, Maximoff, they're going too?" He had sighed, already ready to go wherever the fight was at.

"No." Shuri had shaken her head, and Bucky distinctly remembered her eyes shifting to a distant point in the wilderness bordering his hut, as though something was there. "They will finish their business here, and get as far as they can from Stark. If you hear anything later, do not be afraid." She had warned.

He didn't know what business she was referring to then, and he hardly knew now. All Bucky Barnes knew was that later that day, when he was packing what few things he had into a bag, an explosion sounded in the forest where she had been looking, and when he was receiving his new arm in Shuri's lab, he caught a glimpse of the couple, though Vision was missing the stone in his head.

Now James Buchanan Barnes sat quietly in the back of a car owned by a man who hated him, waiting outside an airport for the few people he could safely refer to as friends. He was alone in the self-driving vehicle, but he anticipated Steve's arrival with what small eagerness he allowed himself, and tried to ignore his new metal limb.

---

"So you don't know what's happening either?" Steve asked, seated next to Bucky. Sam and Natasha sat across from them, and after everyone had safely buckled in- even though they were superheroes- the car had begun moving on its own. The four had reached a mumbled consensus that Stark was baby-proofing all his tech for the spider kid.

"No, Shuri didn't tell me much." Bucky shrugged, his expression grave but his spirit was lifted at his new company.

"We're going in blind too." Nat commented, raising a brow at Steve, as though t blame him for their lack of knowledge about whatever the hell was happening. Steve just gave her a smirk, and a shrug.

"We're needed." He said, as though that was enough to pack everything up and move. Bucky rolled his eyes at his friends overall lack of concern for his own wellbeing. Nat noticed his exasperation, and sent a reassuring smile his way. Bucky reciprocated, and idly thought about how most of his dealings with the now-blonde woman had been violently fighting each other. But for Bucky, suddenly becoming friends with someone he had previously been trying to kill happened more often than one might have thought.

" Are we needed though?" Sam asked, leaning against the car door. "Seems to me like there's some new hero everywhere I turn."

Are "And Stark's adopting half of them." Bucky mumbled, earning some quiet laughs. Despite how they tried to act, the air was tense in the car. Not between the four, but from their collective knowledge that they would soon be meeting Tony Stark and whoever the hell else he had called. Last time this many heroes met in one place, they were throwing punches in what was essentially a Walmart parking lot.

"Were Vision and Wanda in Wakanda?" Natasha spoke up, watching Bucky's reaction carefully. He nodded, slightly off-put by her intense stare, though he knew it was unintentional.

"I dunno what they did, but they aren't fighting with us. Shuri told me so." He explained. Steve frowned, absentmindedly looking out the window, where he could see them quickly traveling through the New York countryside, hopefully approaching the Avengers facility soon.

"Do we know who's fighting with us?" Steve asked. Everyone mumbled no.

"Do we even actually know if we're fighting?" Sam spoke up, not even bothering to listen to the results. "We're hopeless," he grumbled.

actually "Let's stay optimistic here," Steve took on his football coach voice, "this isn't the first time we've gone into battle not knowing the enemy." His pep talk did little to invigorate his team unfortunately, and Bucky gave him a sympathetic pat on the back.

"Heads up." Natasha was staring out her window, and soon after the rest of the car followed suit. The car was coming around a bend, and the Avengers facility was revealed to the team, giant and industrial. The facility had expanded since three of them had resided there, and the fourth was gazing at it for the first time, apprehensive to meet the man who owned the complex. Last time hadn't gone so well. As the car grew closer, the figure of a short man came into view, whose ridiculously expensive haircut complemented his designer suit and sunglasses. Tony Stark sure knew how to make an impression. Tony's expression was guarded as the car slowed to a stop next to him, just shy of the entrance to the complex.

Nobody spoke as the windows rolled down, and Bucky cursed his seating choice- he was right at the front, and couldn't even bother trying to hide. He simply looked down at the floor, and allowed his hair to shadow his face. Bucky refused to look up, even when he felt Steve's hand land on his shoulder comfortingly, and perhaps a little protectively.

"Tony." Steve greeted, his voice tight. The rest of the car waited with baited breath to see what the billionaire's reaction would be. However if they were expecting a fight, they got none. Tony simply sighed, and craned his head toward the sky. The man didn't even bother to conceal his next words, as though he was hardly concerned with the team in front of him.

"Naomi, I'm trusting you."

With those words to the sky, Tony turned without a second look at the car, and walked through the doors of the complex. As he exited, the car doors opened automatically, and the team shuffled out silently. Bucky was the first to break the silence, "who the hell is Naomi?" No one responded, their expressions confused and guarded. Beside him, Steve offered the only explanation he could think of.

"The woman Tony mentioned on the phone. The one who convinced him a war was coming."

"And apparently," Sam added, "lives in the sky."





47. Confused





Poor Bruce was having a difficult time not panicking. He woke up after who knows how long to meet a strange woman- who insisted the Hulk was nice- found out he was on an alien planet, and was now face to face with a man who tried to forcibly take over the world a few years back. And he still didn't have any clothes other than the Hulk's giant pants.

nice- With a great sigh, Naomi ushered Bruce further into the room so she could enter after him, and shut the door. Unfortunately, Thor appeared to be missing at the moment, so Bruce was alone with two strange women in armor, and the previously insane God of Mischief. The silent tension in the room was killing Naomi, even though Loki seemed to be reveling in it. She briefly remembered a time when just being in the same room as some of the Marvel heroes sent her cheeks ablaze, but at the moment Naomi was just exasperated at their antics.

"Bruce, that's Valkyrie over there, she's a friend, and you already know Loki." Naomi gestured toward the rooms occupants respectively. Bruce's eyes flickered away from Loki's for a moment to observe Valkyrie, but there was only a vague hint of familiarity in his gaze to allude that he knew her. On the other end, Valkyrie was studying Bruce with undisguised intrigue, as she obviously already noted the facial similarities between the man and the Hulk. There was also the point that Bruce was wearing the Hulk's pants- so they were either the same person- or a naked Hulk was now loose in the tower.

"So," Bruce started, turning his attention back to Loki, who was lounged gracefully on top of a pile of cushions. Naomi fought the urge to roll her eyes at his theatrics. "Last time I saw you you were trying to kill anybody. Where you at these days?" Bruce asked. Naomi, still slightly behind him, covered her wide smile with her hand, trying her best not to laugh. She should have known that these two would just repeat their dialogue from Ragnarok. Loki hesitated in his answer for a moment, noticing Naomi's vaguely shaking form as she held in her glee. However just as the prince parted his lips to answer Bruce's question, it was answered for him.

"It varies from moment to moment." Naomi stated, as nonchalantly as she could manage. Not bothering to hide her smile, she made her way over to the table where Valkyrie was still sat, observing the scene with interest. Loki stared after her as she walked, gaping like a fish.

"I was just going to-"

"Say that?" Naomi guessed, cutting him off. "I know."

Loki seemed to forget the room's other occupants, choosing instead to rise from his cushions and follow Naomi to the table, chuckling. "You never cease to amaze me, dear prophet." He spoke, accentuating his meaning with a devilish wink. However if he hoped for a blush in return, Loki was surprised when Naomi countered with her own wink. Before he could comment further, Naomi turned her head away to look at Bruce, who had been slowly making his way ver from the door. She was also hiding the faint rosy pallor of her cheeks, but that detail wasn't important.

"C'mon Bruce, Thor should be here soon." She called with a wave of her hand. The scientist smiled appreciatively, and shuffled into a seat, keeping the shorts wrapped tightly around his torso. "Where is he, anyway?" She turned to Valkyrie, who had been casually observing until now.

"He's checking out the quintet for when we leave." She shrugged. Naomi took special notice of her use of the word 'we.'

"You'll come with us then?" She asked. Valkyrie shrugged absentmindedly, keeping up a dismissive appearance about the entire ordeal.

"I've got nothing else to do. Besides, you guys would never make it out without my help." The warrior claimed. Naomi nodded, since she knew it was true. "Especially now that the big guy," Valkyrie nodded toward Bruce, who stared at the attention, "is missing."

"How long will it be before his absence is noticed?" Loki interjected, leaning back in his chair with all the elegance of the prince he was. Naomi suspected he was just peacock-ing since there was a new arrival, but the man always did have a flair for the dramatic, as about five different movies would attest to.

"We should have until nightfall. That's when the attendants will check his room, and make sure he's prepped for the contest tomorrow." Valkyrie explained. The group had a short window of opportunity to escape, but Naomi had hopes that they would be ablate make a fairly casual getaway. As much as she would love to meet Jeff Goldblum, it would be best if the Grandmaster was never aware that Naomi or the Princes were ever there. If all went well, he would simply be missing a champion and a scrapper.

"I'm sorry, what's happen-" Bruce started, inserting himself into the conversation. But before he could get his two cents in, the doors slammed open and cut him off. The poor man couldn't catch a break.

But luckily for him, the one person on the planet that Bruce both knew and tolerated strutted through the door, a hammer at his side. Thor, who apparently didn't feel the need to shut the door, took immediate notice of Bruce. "Banner!" he exclaimed, jogging to the table like an excited puppy. "So good of you to join us!"

"Hey Thor." Bruce greeted, relaxing in his seat. The Thunder God pulled up a chair next to the scientist, eager to speak to him.

"How are you feeling?" Thor inquired, unconsciously ignoring the others at the table.

"Okay." Bruce shrugged, clearly still uncomfortable, through Thor's presence was helping.

"Tony has some spare clothes on the quinjet, so you can borrow those once we board." Naomi spoke up, hoping to offer the rattled man some more peace of mind. Bruce nodded quietly, but Thor turned his attention to Naomi with a look of surprise.

"That's right, how did you know that?" He asked, even though Naomi had already explained the whole 'movie' situation to him. But she supposed that she didn't always spit out arbitrary knowledge about their universe, only when the information was relevant, or she had a good joke opportunity.

always "She's a prophet, apparently." Valkyrie commented, smirking at Naomi, who simply sighed. It was probably her fate to have this only vaguely accurate nickname from Tony spread throughout the entire universe.

"Wait, is she actually a prophet?" Bruce asked, genuinely curious. Naomi rubbed her temples.

"Absolutely." Loki answered, grinning at Bruce. The poor scientist just looked confused.





48. Super-Hearing





"Sakaar. Hear ye, attention please. I have some bad news, my beloved, exalted champion has turned up missing. Take to the streets! Celebrate my champion!"

"Sakaar. Hear ye, attention please. I have some bad news, my beloved, exalted champion has turned up missing. Take to the streets! Celebrate my champion!" "Sakaar. Hear ye, attention please. I have some bad news, my beloved, exalted champion has turned up missing. Take to the streets! Celebrate my champion!" The announcement rang out over the junkyard, and the rest of the planet for the matter. Naomi- along with the princes, Bruce and Valkyrie- had been in the process of packing up the Quinjet, when a hologram of Grandmaster Jeff Goldblum appeared, claiming his champion was missing.

"I thought you said we had until nightfall!" Loki hissed, shifting the blame to Valkyrie, who simply shrugged over the pile of blankets she was carrying.

"I thought we did." She said, satisfied with her argument, and unwilling to speak to Loki further. Loki simply huffed in response, and dumped his load of food rations into a random corner of the ship. Any further arguments were quieted by Thor, who took the opportunity to practice his Kingly leadership skills- by shushing all of them like children. Once he was done, the God waved them all into the Quinjet, and gathered everyone around him in a huddle.

"Right." He whispered, overtly quiet since there was no sign of anyone else around them yet. "We all know the plan- take the ship and fly straight into that-" he gestured out of the jet's central window toward the largest portal in the sky, "portal."

"We are aware of the plan, dear brother." Loki smirked, visibly peeved at Thor's immediate assume of control. Naomi smiled at their antics, and took her opportunity for a bit of fun, since no one else had taken the line yet.

"Straight through the Devil's Anus." She said, in an off-handed attitude. Only Valkyrie was undisturbed by the comment, already aware of the title. The princes seemed mildly concerned, and Bruce seemed to have a confused expression permanently stuck on his face.

"The what?" Bruce asked, now semi-comfortably dressed in Tony's spare clothes, though he kept tugging at the crotch, just as Naomi had predicted. Naomi herself had taken the time to change back into her SHIELD outfit, as she felt just slightly silly in the armor. Her new outfit had aroused even more questions from Bruce, which she had barely had time to answer.

"Devil's Anus." Valkyrie repeated, completely sober for the first time since Naomi had met the woman. The men of the party shuffled in place and exchanged looks until they decided to take the ladies' word for it.

"Through the Devil's Anus it is then." Thor spoke confidently, doing his best to inspire the troops. Naomi gave him a reassuring smile, along with Bruce. They were the most openly supportive of Thor, Valkyrie still pretended to think he was in love with Loki, and Loki would rather die than admit he cared about Thor. They were an odd group, to say the least.

"Right, do we have everything?" Valkyrie checked, as the group slowly split up to go to their respective spots. Thor and Valkyrie took the captain's chairs, much to Loki's annoyance, but everything seemed to be to his annoyance as of late, so Naomi took extra care to stick by the man.

"We should be okay." Naomi confirmed, confident enough in their rations. She, Loki and Bruce all sat in the crew's chairs near the middle of the vessel, with her and Loki on one side, and Bruce facing them. The scientist was still on the fence about whether he trusted Loki, even though the God of Mischief hadn't threatened him at all, which Loki thought was pretty impressive of himself.

With a shudder, and a groan, the Quinjet lifted off the ground, and slowly rose into the air. Craning her neck, Naomi could see Thor and Valkyrie fiddle with the buttons on the keyboard, Valkyrie seemingly confident in her movements even though the technology was from Earth. "Alright," Naomi called out to the group, "once we go through the Anus, it'll probably knock us out for a bit, and then, hopefully , we'll come out at Asgard." She was really riding on the movie version of events, even though the movie hadn't bothered to explain how that specific portal led to Asgard, or if Thor even knew it would.

hopefully "How do you know so much?" Bruce asked, raising his voice to be heard over the growing roar of the engines.

do "Hard to explain, we can talk later." Naomi yelled back, gripping the sides of her seat as the jet began to rapidly pick up speed, shooting toward the giant wormhole in the middle of the planet.

"You know," Bruce shouted, Naomi didn't know why he was bothering to speak at all. It was so much louder than it had been in the movies, she was beginning to feel cheated. The only way the heroes could have heard each other was with friggin super hearing, which she and Bruce were the only ones without. Heaven knows why them two were the ones having a conversation. "That wormhole looks like a collapsing neutron star inside of-"

"A collapsing Rosin bridge, I know." Naomi yelled back, already familiar with Bruce's remarks on the Anus from the movie. A normal person wouldn't have remembered Bruce's overly scientific lines, but Naomi was a bit of a Marvel fan, if that wasn't already clear.

" How do you know so much?!" Bruce screamed, the Jet now climbing toward the sky in a sharp diagonal, forcing the only humans on board to clutch their seats for dear life. Loki looked on in undisguised amusement. He wasn't even bothered that he didn't get to fly the ship anymore.

How know "Let's just go with, 'I'm a prophet' for now!" Naomi bellowed, her hair whipping in her face. Suddenly, the ship heaved to the side violently, nearly tossing Naomi and Bruce out of their seats. The ship continued its violent, erratic movement, randomly turning on its side and lurching up and down, always throwing the scientist and the prophet in a new direction. To combat the violent movement, Loki had stretched his arm over Naomi's chair, acting as a personal seatbelt so she wasn't thrown onto the floor. Bruce did not have the comfort of a Norse God seatbelt however, and resorted to clinging to the back of his chair like a koala.

"What in Hel's name is happening?" Loki shouted, glaring at the backs of Thor and Valkyrie, who were both frantically mashing buttons and shoving the control sticks around. Without turning in his seat, Thor grunted out a response-

"We're being followed! They're-" He was cut off by sudden burst of turbulence, the ship lurching forward as the sound of gunfire filled the air. The Sakaarians had found them, and didn't seem intent on taking them alive.





49. Hold On





Living in the marvel dimension had taught Naomi many lessons. The power of comedic timing, how easily planet-ending catastrophes could be prevented, just to name a few. However one lesson she had not expected to learn, was that high-speed chase scenes, especially in the air, was not nearly as cool as the movies portrayed.

For starters, she could barely hear anything over the engines that were constantly being strained to go faster, her hair was caught in her mouth every five seconds, and she hardly even knew if she was actually screaming the obscenities that were running through her head. But despite all that, Naomi had faith in the Marvel world, and she knew damn well that some random scrappers, who wouldn't even get mentioned in the credits, could not be allowed to defeat her band of heroes. The universe simply wouldn't allow it.

That knowledge didn't keep her from panicking, however.

"The jet is too damaged!" Thor cried, rising from his captains chair with perfect balance, even though the ship was dipping through the city at over a hundred an hour. "It'll never shake them!" However before Thor could get to the back, presumably to bash the trailing scrappers with Mjolnir, he was forcibly pulled back into his seat.

"I need a second pilot!" Naomi couldn't see Valkyrie's expression, but the woman's voice was fierce, and unyielding. For the first time, the ship was hit with a blast from behind, its entire body tumbling through the air with the force of the blow. If not for Loki, Naomi was sure the blast would have floored her. Thor fell back into the chair, and quickly regained his grip on the steering before the jet suffered any more damage.

"Loki can fly it!" Naomi screamed, both hands gripped onto the man's arm, still slung across her body. She hadn't been sure that anyone had heard her until she turned her face to see Loki staring at her in shock. The man seemed more surprised by her than the Quinjet being attacked. However Naomi, who saw no time to waste, tugged on his arm to force him out of his chair. The God tried to protest, seeming intent on keeping her from knocking into the walls everything the ship swung around a corner, but she was having none of it. "I'm fine!" She yelled. Naomi was certainly not fine. "Go!"

"Come brother!" Thor's voice carried over from the front, urgent. Still, Loki hesitated. With strained eyes, he sunk to his knees, and gripped Naomi's forearms, still holding her in place as the jet careened forward. His hands were cold, but she took comfort in them. Naomi watched as the man seemed to be at a loss for words, not for the first time since they had met, but she knew that now was different. For a blissful moment, she felt her panic dissipate, fading away into the background, along with the roaring of the engines and the gunfire. Leaning into him, Naomi gripped his shoulders, locking them into a tense embrace. She stared into his eyes, and he stared back, neither speaking, or even breathing. For the first time, she noticed that his emerald irises were adorned with flecks of blue and gold. That detail had escaped her on the movie screen, but was now clear as day, and Naomi wondered how she had ever missed the colors in his eyes. But her view of them was spoilt when his gaze flickered, traveling further down her face, and reaching her lips.

The moment was over too soon, and they each pulled away with heated breath and wide eyes. The noise of the jet came crashing back down onto Naomi, and Loki took control of the captain's chair, allowing Thor to stalk toward the back of the aircraft, his hammer steady in hand. Her panic once again setting in, Naomi looked across the way to see Bruce still clinging to his chair, gazing at her as though he had just had an epiphany. However if he intended to share it with her, he was unable to as Thor's booming voice cut through the noise.

"You might want to hold on."

As if they weren't already trying.

Without further warning, the man slammed a fist against one of the various buttons on the wall. Of course Thor felt it was a good idea to willingly open the back of the plane, and potentially expose the entire crew to gunfire. The Jet now open, its intense speed caused the winds bending around it to attempt to suck any loose items in the ship out into the open air. Thankfully, all their cargo had been strapped down, expect for two loose items, who had been having a hard enough time staying seated beforehand. Naomi cursed herself for not checking if the crew's seats had seat belts. Of course they wouldn't.



Even as her hair whipped in her face with twice the intensity that it had before, Naomi could see how effective Thor was in defeating their attackers. The man simply used Mjolnir to fly between ships, before punching through the glass, and throwing out anyone he could grab hold of. It was a fairly effective system, however they had amassed a large enough following that when one ship went down, or was temporarily detained while they found a new captain, it was replaced. Naomi wasn't even sure how they had been identified as the ship that had stolen away the Hulk, but whatever gave them away, the rest of the planet seemed to be intent on shooting them down.

"Get to the wall!" Bruce cried, drawing Naomi's attention away from the open dock. His body language was strained as the man gripped onto the walls of the jet, trying to find a stable position during the chaos of the air chase. Closing the dock wasn't an option, since Thor had yet to return, and the front of the ship was hardly faring better than Naomi and Bruce were. The only things preventing Loki and Valkyrie from gripping the jet's interior for dear life was their pilot chairs, which held strong against the winds. Following his instructions, Naomi shakily lifted herself from the seat, maintaining a grip on the back of the chair as she began to maneuver herself behind it. Her chair was a few feet from the wall, where she could follow Bruce's example and grip onto the various straps dangling from the interior. Forcing herself to take deep breaths, Naomi pushed herself away from the chair, backing toward the wall. Looking behind her, she could see a small, black bag hanging from the wall. Her Stark-pack, given to her by Tony in an effort to help keep her alive. The sight of it rejuvenated her, and the memory of her promise to Tony to come back in one piece pushed her to release a hand from the chair, leaving her in a dangerous off-balance. For a few seconds, she faltered, her hand reaching widely for the pack, which she could use to pull herself to the wall.

At that moment, the jet took a hard left and she lost her grip, sending her side crashing into the wall. No doubt there would be bruises in the morning, if she still managed to stay in the damn jet. Against the wall, Naomi was able to clutch the bag, and the hook it was hung off of, securing her position as best she could. Relatively safe, she took a moment to glance over at Bruce, who seemed relieved that she had not fallen. They shared tentative smiles, and took the moment to calm down. In the back of her mind, Naomi wondered at the fact that the sheer stress hadn't cause him to Hulk out. But the chase was not over yet.

Out of the back, Naomi could see that the jet had crossed from the city of over the ocean, meaning the Devil's Anus would be fast approaching. Away from giant towers, the jet would likely stay on a steady, straight path, relying on sheer speed to outlast the scrappers. Naomi craned her neck, but she could not make out Thor among the gathered ships, and her only indication of him was random objects randomly ripped from their flight, and plummeting to the ocean. The man was flying through the cluster, taking down polite and entire ships alike. However because he was so far into the battle, the god could not maintain watch over the front, and did not notice a scrapper ship break from the cluster, and approach the jet. The ship was small, likely only staffed by two or three pilots, but it was faster than the rest, and steadily creeped closer to the Jet's entrance, which was still yawning open.

"Loki!" Naomi screamed. "Hot on our tail!" From the front, she heard a frustrated grunt, followed by a reply.

"We're going as fast as we can!" Loki replied, his tone bitter and strained. Naomi made eye contact with Bruce, whose expression was confused, and frightened. His eyes were wide, and they made Naomi pause, because she had never seen the scientist look that way, in real life or on screen. She could see his chest rise and fall from her peripheral, but their gazes did not break as he mouthed to her,

Hulk's not coming.

Hulk's not coming. Naomi hardly had time to process the sentence, before a harsh metal clang interrupted her thoughts. Both her and Bruce's head whipped toward the sound, and their hearts stilled at the sight. The scrapper ship had finally reached them, and to their horror, they were boarding the jet.

The ship raced in synch with them, only a few feet behind. The front of their ship was opened, and from it a long, metal board had been extracted, connecting their two vessels. Inside the ship, a scrapper stepped onto the board, perfectly balanced. They were clearly confident in their victory, as the figure strode across the board with precision and confidence, despite the two vehicles moving approximately a hundred an hour. The scrapper was concealed beneath layers of mismatched cloth, and a large black hood obscuring their facial features. In its hands, a gun was held.

"Loki!" Naomi screamed, unsure of what she was asking of him. Time appeared to slow in her eyes, as the woman continued to grip the pack on the wall, and watch helplessly as the scrapper finally stepped onto the Quinjet. In the back of her mind, she was aware that Loki was screaming back, telling her something she couldn't hear. Everything slowed because the scrapper, with steady hands, lifted the gun, its ascent pointing in the direction of Bruce Banner.

Naomi's heart stopped, and her lungs ceased to take in air. Dully, her hands fumbled with her pack, pulling at the zipper as her eyes fixed on Bruce. The man stared directly at the scrapper, eyes wide. His mouth moved shakily, though his words were lost on Naomi's ears as all she could hear was a dull roar. Bruce was desperately slapping himself, his hands going in slow motion to Naomi as he attempted to wake the beast. But the Hulk did not come.

And the gun finished its ascent, the barrel level with Banner's head.





50. Standoff





The gun was level with Bruce's head, the scrapper poised to fire.

From the Stark pack, Naomi felt herself draw out an object, familiar in her hand. With one hand still gripped onto the open pack, the other slowly raised in the air, weighted with a weapon. Her mind was disconnected from her body as her own battered gun lifted in the air, drawing level with the scrapper. For a moment, everything was still.

Bruce was huddled against the wall, helpless to do anything as he stared down the barrel of a gun. His lips still moved with unheard prayers, and his trembling head shook side to side, a plea to the unmoving scrapper. Even with her own weapon ready, Naomi's finger was frozen on the trigger, her mind disconnected from her body as it acted on instinct.

The scrapper cocked it's gun, and from the corner of her eye Naomi saw its finger begin to press down on the trigger. Still, her hand refused to move. Naomi's heart was quiet in her chest, and she was barely aware of the pain as her lungs began to constrict from lack of oxygen.

Shifting away from the scrappers gun, Bruce's eyes met Naomi's. In the second that they met, Naomi felt as though she saw straight into the mans soul. His raw emotions laid out to her like a book- Bruce Banner was about to die, and he was in anguish. His eyes were wide with terror, and unending devastation welled up in them. Naomi saw his expression shift as the realization settled on him that he could do nothing to prevent the scrapper from firing.

But Naomi could.

All it took was one second, one look at her beloved scientist, and Naomi's mind and body reconnected. She could feel the flow of the adrenaline as it rushed through her, spreading from her heart into her fingertips, where she finally pulled the trigger.

The blast from her gun knocked the scrapper back, sending it sailing into the wall of the jet, dropping its gun as it flew. However the fight was not over. It was a crumpled heap against the wall, but its gun was dangerously close, and Naomi could see its head stirring, meaning it had retained consciousness. Re-adjusting her grip on her gun, she considered her options for a moment. Her gaze never left the figure, her concentration on it unbroken as her only objective became to keep Bruce, and everyone else on board safe. She was the only non-superhero on the jet, but that thought didn't cross her mind as Naomi kept her gun carefully trained on the scrapper.

"Bruce, get to the front." Naomi's voice was steady, and she could hear the mans footsteps as he used the walls to drag himself toward the front. The scrapper remained still, and she could feel its eyes boring back into hers from behind its cowl. It was waiting for her to falter, for an opportunity for it to grab the gun that lay prone on the floor of the ship. But Naomi did not falter, she watched the figure unceasingly, debate raging in her mind. She knew that the logical choice would be to shoot the scrapper now, so it would no longer pose a threat to her and her friends safety. However Naomi was not a warrior, she was an ex-assistant at a regional paper supply company. Shooting someone, even if she only held a stun gun, was not a normal reality for her. She shot the scrapper the first time out of necessity, but now that it was only standing before her, unarmed, it posed an ethical question. Naomi knew that onscreen, any one of the heroes wouldn't hesitate to shoot the scrapper, especially since chances of killing him were low, but Naomi Swanson wasn't a superhero and she knew it. She would do what she had to to protect her loved ones, but going further was something she hadn't had time to consider, and didn't want to.

But she would be forced to fire again when the scrapper suddenly, and without warning, lunged forward for its weapon. Sucking in a breath through her teeth, Naomi fired at the figure- but her shot was too high, and she barely grazed it, hitting the wall behind. In the time that she had fired, the scrapper had its gun back in its hands, this time pointing up at her.



The pair stilled, each pointing a weapon at the other- Naomi still standing, clutching the bag on the wall to keep her rooted in place against the harsh winds- and the scrapper, sat on the floor with its legs sprawled, its expression unknown beneath its hood. For several tense seconds, neither moved. But nothing could last forever, especially when Naomi couldn't afford for the scrapper to enter the wormhole with the rest of them. Hastily, she constructed a plan in her head, something that would only work in the MCU, and would probably just get her killed back home.

"RIGHT!" Naomi screamed, praying that her pilots heard her order. As she ended her cry, Naomi let go of the bag and dropped onto her knees, keeping her gun pointed at the scrapper as best she could. As the woman had predicted, her sudden shout had startled the scrapper, and prompted it to end the stalemate, shooting first. But thankfully, she had ducked just in time so that its shot missed, just as hers had only moments beforehand. But time was of the essence, and Naomi had no time to revel in her small victory- it would only take the scrapper a second to zero in on her new position and fire again.

As it aimed for her head, the jet lurched to the right, turning in a full 90 degree angle. The sudden shift in movement ripped away the walkway that had still connected the scrapper's ship to the Quinjet, leaving the scrapper ship behind. The turn also serviced to forcefully throw Naomi away from the wall she had been sticking so close to, and send her sliding toward the scrapper. Maintaining control as she flew forward on her shins, Naomi kept her upper body tilted back, and her thighs spread slightly apart to keep her balance.

In a moment, she was merely inches away, and to avoid collision, Naomi simultaneously shoved her gun into the center of its chest with one hand, and grabbed the scrappers weapon with the other, pointing it towards the floor. Her motion was fluid, likely a product of Valkyrie and the Hulk's training, which had allowed her to keep a semblance of calm in battle.

In their new position, just breaths away, Naomi could finally see underneath the thing's hood. Its face was humanoid, with eyes and lips and a nose. Its skin was stained a deep purple, the surface of its face ridged and rough. However its eyes were strikingly human, a light golden with a black pupil that Naomi watched dilate when she stared into them. Its eyes made her pause, gave her a second to hesitate about shooting her gun so close to it, even though the weapon wasn't set to kill.

But the scrapper had no such concerns, and stared straight back into her eyes as it's gun twisted underneath her grip, and fired directly into Naomi's thigh. It watched Naomi's face suddenly contort with pain, and felt the pressure on its chest from her gun alleviate as she dropped it, both of her hands moving to grip the wound. This gave the scrapper no pause, and it would have fired again had it not been for the scream.

Naomi Swanson had never been shot before. She had never experienced the pain that came with having an energy blast shoot into her thigh from only inches away. The closest experience she had ever had was twisting her ankle in the fourth grade, which at the time, the pain had convinced her that she was going to die. But when the blast entered her leg, the sheer force of it ricocheted into the rest of her body, doubling her over as her hands clasped the wound for hope of stopping the pain. Her leg was on fire, and the pain of it resounded through her being, and conveyed itself to the rest of the world as a scream- a scream that ripped through Naomi- seemed to tear at her vocal chords as the burn of the wound manifested itself into pure sound.

However it may have been that scream that saved Naomi's life, as the volume and proximity the scrapper had to it forced the thing to shove itself against the wall, its body attempting to physically remove itself from the injured woman. It pushed away from her, and the grip on its gun loosened as its features scrunched, some of her pain conveyed to it through the sound.

But Naomi Swanson was more than a woman shot in the leg. Though her burning pain did not cease, after a moment she was able to shove it out of her mind, and raise her head to meet the scrapper's eyes once more. She sucked in a breath through gritted teeth as she stared it down, her eyes burning with the anger of her maimed leg. Naomi saw something spark in the scrappers eyes, a flicker of fear. Naomi fought for the will to move her hands, to grab her gun, to do anything to complete her mission and eliminate the threat of this scrapper. But the pain was too great for her, and from the corner of her mind Naomi could her her companions screaming at each other in the cockpit, their words overlapping.

But against the others, her ears picked out the sound of Bruce's voice. His words were lost to her, but the simple sound of the mans voice reminded Naomi of something. All the pain she felt- all the burning, as though a fire had been lit inside of her, originating in her thigh- had been meant for Bruce. The scrapper's gun had pointed to Bruce before it had pointed at Naomi, and the shot for him was meant to be lethal.

The thought finally drove her to remove a hand from her thigh, staring into the scrapper's eyes as she went. Her free hand closed into a fist, her mind barely registering the blood coating it. Naomi stared into the eyes of the scrapper as her fist connected with the side of its head, driven with the force of her pain, her anger, and her love for the people on the ship with her.

The blow knocked the scrapper out immediately, its body falling limp in front of her. Without a second thought, Naomi grabbed a fistful of the cloth covering its body, and dragged it as best she could toward the back of the ship, its doors yawning open. Outside, the final trailing ships were being picked off by Thor, but Naomi didn't turn her attention to him. Instead, she watched as the air currents raging inside the jet pulled the scrapper's unconscious body out into the air, its useless hood flapping in the wind as it fell before it plunged into the sea, no longer a threat to Naomi, or her companions.





51. Meeting


Yo Into The Spider-Verse was so good everyone needs to see it

Yo Into The Spider-Verse was so good everyone needs to see it





----





Tony had prepared for their arrival, that much was immediately clear. Though the billionaire himself disappeared into the winding hallways of the complex after he didn't greet the team, they were each led to private living quarters by Happy Hogan. Natasha, Sam and Steve had all previously lived in the facility, however they were not shown their old rooms. Instead, Tony had planned to house all four companions in a cluster, two rooms on each side of a hallway. Natasha and Sam on one side, and Steve and Bucky on the other. It was also found that a door was inputted, connecting Steve and Bucky's rooms together, though Sam and Natasha's rooms didn't have the same dynamic. It was a thoughtful touch, one that surprised Steve thoroughly, and gave him hope for repairing his and Tony's friendship.

Everyone had been surprised that Tony had extended the invitation to Bucky, his reasons for doing so still clouded. The team could only anticipate what kind of battle was on the horizon if Tony felt the need to call in people that he probably would rather to never see again. Thus, the air was tense as the remainder of Team Cap gathered in a small meeting room, in a secluded wing of the complex. They had received the instructions to meet over an intercom in their rooms, and had seen the walk over quietly talking amongst themselves about what could be coming. They were alone in the room, unsure if Tony would be joining them. At the table, two chairs were empty, implying that he planned, or had planned, to bring someone else.

But what the four didn't expect was for a wizard to be the first to enter.

The man was tall, with a slim build and facial hair to rival Tony Stark's. However the most striking thing about him was his attire, as the man was dressed in blue cloth robes that hugged his frame, and a large pendant hung off a golden chain, suspended on the center of his chest. There was also the matter of the large, vibrant red cape that brushed the floor, its collar popped up.

"Who the hell is Harry Potter over here?" Sam whispered to Natasha, who just shrugged in return.

Though the man immediately startled the four, he seemed to be unbothered by them, and barely swept his eyes over the team as he entered the room, an aura of confidence and seriousness following him. Soon after the wizard, the familiar face of Tony Stark came into the room, his sunglasses from earlier gone, and his tired eyes exposed to the room's occupants. The pair took their seats, the wizard silently, and Tony with a great huff. Without a moments delay, the stranger began to speak.

"My name is Doctor Stephen Strange," he began, his voice clear and deep, "Sorcerer Supreme of the New York Sanctum. Today-"

"Hold up." Sam interrupted, crossing his arms and staring at Stephen disbelievingly. "You're actually a wizard?"

Even though his comment clearly annoyed the doctor, a small snort came from Tony, who appeared to be avoiding eye contact with everyone at the table except for Stephen. At the man's almost unnoticeable sign of happiness, everyone else dropped the matter, and sat in silence for a moment. Steve reminisced on the days when Tony would have said at least five sarcastic comments on the situation, instead of snorting under his breath. The thought sobered him.

Stephen cleared his throat, ready to move on. "You've all been brought here in the event of an emergency situation, i.e. an actual battle." He explained.

"So there isn't a fight?" Natasha asked, staring at Stephen with distrust. Every now and then her eyes flickered to Tony, but she never held them on him for long. Everyone shot glances at the man, except for Bucky. Bucky simply pushed himself back into his chair, and didn't dare look at the man.



"That is the goal." Stephen confirmed. "Currently we have people working on avoiding any conflict by all means necessary. However we also require means of defense for the facility, because we are safeguarding precious materials- the Infinity Stones. Your jobs will be to aid in protecting these stones, and preparing in case of an attack." Stephen finished, looking around at the four rogue superheroes. "Questions?"

Steve opened his mouth to ask something, but Sam inevitably beat him to it. "Can you be less vague Dumbledore?" He asked. Stephen rolled his eyes, but he did not answer due to a light pressure on his arm. Next to him, Tony pressed on his shoulder, indicating that he was ready to speak.

less "It's Thanos." Tony sighed, finally meeting the staring eyes of Team Cap. He still refused to look at Bucky, however. "He's an intergalactic asshole who's trying to kill half of all life." Tony paused, his eyes fixing on a distant point. Steve, and everyone else at the table, save for Stephen sensed that there was a much deeper emotional connection that Tony had to this. "It's not just Earth. He's targeting everything."

"How?" Steve asked, leaning forward onto the table, his eyes searching Tony's. Tony held his gaze for a moment, his lips parting slightly to say something, but he shut them quickly and broke his eyes away.

"Infinity Stones. Tiny pebbles of infinite power that he's gonna shove into a mitten and kill everyone with." He explained, a bit of energy seeming to come back into him. As simply as he was explaining it, whoever Thanos was seemed to be putting a great deal of stress on Tony. Everyone noticed it, and so they kept most of their questions to themselves, to save him the effort.

"Where are these stones?" Natasha questioned, her eyes perfectly trained onto Tony's shifting figure.

"Scattered." He shrugged. "But we have, uh, three- right doc?" Tony turned to Stephen for confirmation.

"That's right," Stephen nodded, his face grave. "We have in our possession the Space and Time stones, and we recently received word that the Mind stone has been destroyed in Wakanda. There are six in total, but we cannot be sure of victory until we have all six neutralized." He fell silent, as did the rest of them, thinking quietly to themselves.

"Who's Naomi?" Steve broke the silence, and Tony's head whipped up to meet his gaze. Again, Tony's eyes seemed to fix on a distant point, as though he was looking through Steve instead of at him.

Stephen answered instead, "She's the one who informed us of Thanos."

"Without her," Tony added. "We wouldn't have a chance." Steve fell silent, sensing that she was a sensitive subject to Tony. Clearly, he had formed some sort of bond with the woman. However others had doubts.

"Is she trustworthy?" Natasha asked, her tone skeptical. Tony looked at her, and his eyes were offended, which took her aback.

"She knows things I couldn't have dreamt of, and still she knows more than me."

Team Cap exchanged looks, surprised by his praise of this woman that they had never heard of before. Clearly, he held a great deal of respect for her.

"So where is she?" Steve asked, curious to meet her, and why she wasn't with them in the meeting.

"She's in the sky, right?" Sam joked, attempting to lighten the mood. It worked marginally, but Tony and Stephen seemed unchanged. Tony even took the comment seriously.

"Yes, technically. She's in space somewhere, collecting the rest of the stones, and the rest of us ." He said. The group frowned, confused by his words. Confusion seemed to have been a common theme that day, because most of what Tony and Stephen were saying wasn't making a great deal of sense.

us "Us?" Bucky spoke, his voice rumbling in the air for the first time. After the word tumbled out of his mouth, he froze, his eyes glued to his lap. Everyone tensed as Tony finally looked at Bucky, and acknowledged his presence. He was silent, and the metal-armed soldier refused to meet his eyes. Eventually, Tony moved on, and looked away from the man.

"Currently, she's traveling with Thor," some eyes perked up around the room at the mention of the beloved god's name. "And Loki." Tony shrugged nonchalantly.

"What?!" Sputtered Steve and Natasha, each leaning forward with comical disbelief on their faces. It was enough to make Tony smile, and for a moment things felt right again. But then it was gone, and everything was tense and awkward once more.

"What?!" "Yeah." Tony coughed. "Thor trusts him, and Naomi trusts him, so..." He gestured with his hands weakly, clearly implying that the billionaire had given up caring about the trickster. "Also," he added, forcing them to fix their incredulous stares onto him again. Tony gave a small, but happy, smile. "She's bringing Bruce back."

Silence stunned the room, and Natasha froze in spot as she continuously peered at Tony, her face guarded. Eventually she pulled away, and composed herself.

"Right." Tony said. "So are we good here? Stephen?" The doctor gave him a small nod, and the two began to rise from their chairs. Team Cap followed, still confused on several matters but also resigned to the fact that they would most likely stay that way.

"Wait," Steve called out, unwilling to let a final question go. Tony met his eyes, and it was easier for them both to look at each other that time. "How does she know so much?" He asked, his tone puzzled, and almost helpless.

Tony smirked, for the first time since they had seen him again.

"She's a prophet."





52. Right


Time jump here, so allow me to clarify. This chapter will begin just after Naomi shot the scrapper to prevent it from shooting Bruce, and we shall see the events going on in the cockpit during this time. Hope you enjoy.

Time jump here, so allow me to clarify. This chapter will begin just after Naomi shot the scrapper to prevent it from shooting Bruce, and we shall see the events going on in the cockpit during this time. Hope you enjoy. -----

The cockpit was a mess. Loki and Valkyrie were perhaps the worst two people to pair together, and thus spent much of their time shouting at one another. Unfortunately, the jet's auto-pilot had been damaged from the Hulk's crash-landing, so two pilots were necessary at all times. Valkyrie was fine enough with her designated role as driver, since she wasn't drunk for once, but her co-pilot kept attempting to jump ship.

"THERE WAS A GUNSHOT , WOMAN!" Loki screamed, his face pinched and white as he kept his eyes carefully trained on the wormhole drawing ever closer.

GUNSHOT "Stay." Valkyrie growled, ignoring his whining. She knew very well that one of their party could have been injured, but there wasn't anyone else around to take the wheel, so she hardly had any options. She could practically hear Loki's personal cocktail of frustration and anger seethe off of him, but she was much too sober to deal with the man. She could only pray that Naomi would get to the front soon, or else Loki would likely crash the jet in his attempts to leave.

In the reflection of the glass encasing the cockpit, the two could see Bruce shakily pull himself through the entryway to the front, his movements nervous. "What's happening?" Loki asked, clearly straining himself to keep his voice down. Bruce took a moment to collect himself, edging away from the opening to the back, and darting his eyes between the pilots.

"Um," he gulped, "Naomi shot the scrapper."

"Thank Odin." Loki whispered under his breath. "Did she kill it?"

"I don't think so." Bruce said, his eyes widened. Loki stilled in his seat, and the shift in his manner prompted Valkyrie to finally take a glance at the man. He was completely poised, if not for his eyes. She had expected nothing short of murderous, but what Valkyrie saw was quite the opposite. She pulled her concentration back to steering, but everyone was caught off guard when they heard a shout from the back.

"RIGHT!" They could hear Naomi yell, and a second after another shot resounded in the jet. Loki didn't take a second to think the woman's request through, and violently threw the wheel right, forcing the Quinjet off-course from the wormhole. Bruce was thrown onto the floor from the force, and from his position could see through the entryway to the back.

"It's okay!" Bruce yelled to Loki, trying to console the God whilst he was laying on his stomach. "She's got her gun pointed at 'em!" Loki, though his face was perfectly clear, listened intently to Bruce while focusing on slowly turning the jet back toward the wormhole. Valkyrie and Bruce were silent, she looking straight out the glass, concentrating on the flight, and Bruce still on the floor, staring at the scene unfolding. Without any communication, the warrior and the scientist agreed to tread lightly around Loki until this was over. The man was like a composed time bomb. And all bombs are destined to go off.

"Wait, she's not shooting..." Bruce said, confused by Naomi's hesitation.

"She doesn't want to kill-" Loki began to reply, his teeth clenched. But he was unable to finish the thought- a gunshot sounded, and a terrible, guttural scream filled the air. It wasn't a shriek, or a high-pitched squeal of terror, but a cry of raw pain. Bruce sucked in a sharp breath, still watching through the gap. Valkyrie reacted differently. Instead of turning toward the scream, as most would have done, she turned her head to Loki, and watched his reaction instead. The sight stilled her.

Valkyrie had seen Loki in distress before, namely during that very flight, but not like that. His eyes were unfocused, his hands slack on the controls, and his lips were slightly parted, as though he wanted to take in a breath but couldn't bring himself to. It was the rawest expression she had ever seen on a person, Loki reverted to his most primal instincts before her eyes. He was terrified. And as she watched, his skin began to tinge blue, and his eyes filled with red.

So she didn't stop him when he rose from his chair, and when his head turned toward hers she simply looked back at the sea, focusing on getting to the wormhole. There was no point in arguing with this man to stay put.

Once he was up, Loki's first action was to grab Bruce from the floor, and shove him toward the seat. Bruce tried to argue, "I don't know how to fly this thing!" But Loki didn't care. he turned away from him and continued on to Naomi. From the entrance, he saw her sitting on her shins, one hand on her thigh and another closed around a fistful of the scrapper's shirt. His body acted on instinct moving toward her, and he watched her dump the unconscious body out the open back of the plane.

He didn't know it, and hardly would have cared, but the sight of her, still alive and kicking, caused his skin to fade back into his Asgardian self. By the time Loki was at her side, he was completely back to normal.

Loki knelt down beside her, and when Naomi turned her head to see him, her lips turned naturally upward in a grin. "Thank God." She breathed. Loki returned her smile gladly, and clutched her arms with his hands, taking a moment to indulge himself, and look into her eyes. Naomi felt her heart settle at his touch, and leaned in toward him, the searing pain in her thigh growing duller the closer she drew. Their foreheads touched, and for a second their breath mingled in the air as they each shut their eyes, drinking in the other's presence.

With no small deal of effort, Loki opened his eyes, and pulled his head back to address her injury. Her hands were clasped over her thigh, and under them blood flowed, staining her pale hands. Gently, he moved his hands from her arms and brought them over her own, one of his fingers idly tracing a design on her skin as he looked back up to her.

"Let me see, darling." He whispered.

Slowly, Naomi brought her hands away, and bared the wound for Loki to see. She watched his face as he moved his own hands over the injury, and a dull green glow shined through his fingers. Naomi let out a small gasp as her pain was lifted from her, and though she still bled, she did not feel it. Once the pain was removed, Loki separated a hand from her thigh and held it out, away from his body. In a flash of green, an emerald cape appeared in his hand, and- without hesitation- he tore off a section, his concentration on her leg never wavering. Shifting positions, Naomi sat with her legs extended in front of her, Loki gingerly tending to her injured left thigh. With the torn cloth, he tied it around the wound, keeping a hand on to apply pressure. Once her leg was securely wrapped, he brought his cape to her hands, and delicately cleaned the blood from them. "I'm afraid that's the best I can do-" he began, bringing his gaze back up to her face, his shining eyes apologetic. Brining her hands up to his shoulders, Naomi cut him off, a small frown creasing her features.

"Don't apologize." She whispered. Lost in the feeling of his presence, Naomi raised a hand to cup the side of his face, her fingers tanged in his hair. Gingerly, she brought his head down, and pressed her lips to his forehead, trying to convey her thoughts to him in a way that words could not. In such a short amount of time their relationship had transformed so much, and yet it didn't feel fast, or rushed at all. To Naomi, it felt comfortable.

So when Loki raised his head, their eyes level with each other, she didn't panic at the decreasing distance between them. She brought up her hand, and traced his jawline with her thumb as her other tangled in his hair. His eyes closed at the touch, and his arms moved to encircle her waist. Neither shied away from the touch, drinking in the intimacy. Their hearts beat quicker but neither found cause to stop.

So when their lips finally met, their heads spun with euphoria, basking in the light of how perfectly right it felt.

right





53. Darling





The Jet was fast advancing on the wormhole, and with the remaining scrapper ships effectively detained by Thor, the party was free to go. The last leg of the flight was relatively stress-free, if it had not been for Bruce constantly panicking over the fact that he was co-piloting the ship. Valkyrie mostly tuned him out, focusing on how the hell he shared a body with the Hulk if he scared so easily. Other than Bruce, the rest of the heroes reveled in a relative state of calm, especially the pair seated on the floor, occupying the back of the Quinjet.

Naomi was hardly aware of how long the kiss lasted, but when they inevitably pulled away, a long sigh departed from her lips. Her heated breath mixed with Loki's in the small pocket of space between them. When she finally opened her eyes, she met Loki's intense gaze, and very nearly was overcome with the urge to kiss him again. Her fingers still tangled in his hair, and his hands pressed softly against her back, clutching her close to him as though he feared she would vanish. They sat for a few stolen moments more, breathing in the air. Her fingers idly twisted a lock of his hair, and his eyelids fluttered at the sense. "Remind me why this took so long." He asked, his voice rough.

"I don't know." Naomi smiled. Loki grinned, and pulled her even closer, he might have pulled her into his lap had it not been for her still-injured leg. Naomi wouldn't have protested, the wound in her thigh being the last thing on her mind. Even if Loki had not taken away her agony, she was sure that she would not have even felt the pain after they kissed.

"I do believe this is the first time I've heard you say that." He teased.

"It'll hardly be the last." Naomi replied, almost giggling in her elation. Loki smiled softly, and slowly pressed his lips against hers once more, before pulling away to whisper in her ear.

"Promise me, darling?"

Naomi craned her head away from him, only to touch her lips to his again. "I promise." She whispered.

They sighed against each other, until a murmured, "Lets get to the front," from Loki prompted them to move. Delicately, the Trickster God lifted Naomi off the ground, holding her against him in a bridal position. Had it been anyone else, she might have protested that she could walk, albeit with some support, but no argument left her lips when she slid her arms around his neck, trailing her fingers through his hair. Naomi could only smile as he carried her to the front, stealing kisses she was all too happy to give. Their only interruption was a sudden weight landing in the jet, and the gradual loss of the wind as the docking doors closed.

Loki turned for them to see Thor, finally returned from his successful mission to rid the jet of the pesky Sakaarians following them. Upon seeing them, Thor lifted a brow in confusion due to their positioning, but once his eyes alighted on Naomi's bandaged leg, his face fell in sorrow. "Naomi, you have been injured in the battle?" He asked, his expression furrowed in concern as he approached.

"Yeah," Naomi replied with an easy smile. "A scrapper shot me from about an inch away." Loki's head whipped down to hers, regret in his eyes.

"That close?" he asked, his voice hushed. Naomi softened her smile.

"I'm okay." She nodded. Loki reluctantly sighed, turning his attention back to his brother. Thor- who either hadn't noticed the intimate exchange or hadn't realized it was intimate- stepped up to the pair with a firm smile.

"I trust that you enacted revenge?" Thor asked, clearly hoping for her to say yes. Loki rolled his eyes, but Naomi chuckled and responded that, yes, of course she got her revenge. Happy with her answer, Thor led the way into the cockpit, not even hesitating before going to Bruce and gripping the mans shoulders. Bruce sighed in relief, and quickly scrambled from his seat to let Thor take over the piloting position.

"Took you long enough." Valkyrie muttered to Thor, her tone friendly enough that Thor only gave a hearty laugh in response. "We're about to head in." She reported, taking a glance behind her at their passengers. "What happened to you?" She raised a brow at Naomi, who was still in Loki's arms.

"Got shot." She replied curtly, knowing that Valkyrie wasn't one for chit chat.

"I've been there." Valkyrie nodded, and turned back to the glass, staring at the dark wormhole ahead. Thor and Valkyrie's lackluster reactions to Naomi being shot were actually comforting to the woman, as they assured her that she was in no danger of dying from what, back in her dimension, could possibly be a fatal injury. However even if the more seasoned warriors hardly batted an eye at her wound, Loki provided all the fretting she needed. Though perhaps she needed it, since the edges of her vision were beginning to go blurry. The man placed her down after a whisper from Naomi, and carefully propped her against the wall before taking a seat beside her.

Naomi cleared her throat. "Alright. When we enter the Anus, it'll knock us out for a while, and when wake up, we'll hopefully be right in front of Asgard." She instructed, frowning slightly in concern as her vision continued to grow dimmer. Bruce, who had nowhere else to crash ad decided to sit next to Naomi instead of Loki, quickly noticed her wrapped leg, and the blood staining the fabric.

"Oh God- Naomi, I'm sorry." He started, his eyes pleading. "It's my fault and-"

"No." Naomi cut him off, suddenly too tired to deal with the unnecessary apology. "I'd rather I get shot than you, Bruce." She gave a hazy smile. "It's my job now to protect you guys." He frowned, the scientist in him taking note of her slowly drooping eyelids, and the bloodstained wrap.

"You've lost a lot of blood, Naomi." Bruce commented, nervously fiddling with the wrap before deciding better of it. Her head was angled toward Bruce, but as her vision grew closer and closer to black and his voice faded, the last thing Naomi felt was a whisper, a mere breath against her ear.

"Stay with me, Darling."





54. Friends





The rest of Naomi's companions on the Quinjet hardly fared much longer than she did. Everyone onboard was knocked out upon entering into the wormhole. Valkyrie slept in her chair, her head limp, while her co-pilot Thor simply slumped against the control panel, his body randomly shifting levers and pushing buttons. The others were collected together on the floor- Bruce pushed against the wall with his legs propped up, his knees precariously balancing against each other. Naomi's head had been guided into the crook of Loki's neck, and one of his arms draped over her lap- his hand brushing against hers on the opposite side of her body.

The group would begin to stir awake as the jet slowly drifted in sight of Asgard, the planets slight gravitational pull tugging the ship toward it. Thor and Valkyrie would quickly regain control of the jet, re-firing its engines and moving in toward the central castle of the floating island. Loki and Bruce would turn their attention toward Naomi, who showed no signs of waking.

"Aren't you a doctor?" Loki asked Bruce, attempting to keep his head still so as not to disturb the unconscious woman. Bruce started at the question, even though Loki had intentionally kept malice out of his tone.

"Doesn't matter." Bruce shook his head, apologetic. "We don't have any medical supplies, a-and i'm not really qualified for this anyway." Loki huffed, and directed his attention elsewhere in response. From his seated position, he couldn't see through the pilot's window, though he could feel the light radiating from it.

"How far away are we?" Loki called out.

"Not far, we'll be greeted by father soon, no doubt." Thor responded, his tone light from seeing his home once more. Beside him, Valkyrie was quiet, and simply stared at the island with a soft expression.

Loki couldn't have claimed to have been excited at the notion of seeing his father again, but he kept himself from making any comments on it. Instead, he occupied himself by tenderly lifting Naomi's limp figure from the floor- denying help from Bruce. With her in his arms again, Loki suddenly remembered the sensation of her fingers running through his hair, his mood dampening because now her hands simply hung in the air, Naomi's strength to lift them dissipated. Thus Loki held her tightly against him as he stood in the jet, one arm under her knees and the other supporting her back. In lieu of watching as the jet grew closer to Asgard, he studied her face- so peaceful she might have been sleeping- and vainly wished she would open her eyes.

The jet landed without any interference- it seemed that Heimdall had already seen their arrival, and gathered all necessary parties to welcome the princes home. When the docking doors opened, Thor was the first to step out, immediately greeted by his father, and the warriors three who had since returned to Asgard. Though the Lady Sif was still absent from her home, Thor accepted the presence of his friends that were there, and greeted them eagerly. Bruce, who had initially followed closely behind Thor on their path to the back of the jet, hesitated once he saw the golden light of Asgard, and the several warriors that awaited them. Instead of sticking by Thor, his most trusted friend present, Bruce instead gravitated to Valkyrie, who had concealed herself in the shadows of the jet, watching her home with a wary eye. She still wore her Sakaarian armor, choosing to shove her old Valkyrie equipment in one of the various trunks on board. Her and Bruce exchange some brief words- his obvious discomfort and awe at the new planet overrode whatever doubts and fears she had harbored, and the pair strode out the jet together, Bruce following a step behind.

Loki was last to exit, the unconscious Naomi in his arms. The sight of his father and the warriors three gathered in one place nearly repulsed him, the thought of so much disapproval at once clogging the air until he felt he was breathing it in. But he took another look at Naomi- who looked as though she were asleep in his arms- Naomi, who was still bleeding slowly- Naomi, who had never judged him, even with as much as she knew. His legs propelled him forward, and just before he exited the shade from inside the jet, Loki shifted his arms so her head leaned in to his chest, and he watched her hair fall over her face, obscuring her features.

He followed behind Valkyrie and Bruce, the four of them banded together as outcasts of Asgard, those who didn't belong and perhaps didn't want to. But that was not the point, because as they held together all eyes drifted from the king's golden boy toward the ragtag group. A woman with a fierce, and almost protective aura, clothed in unfamiliar armor, a man with graying hair and Midgardian clothes, who glanced about at everything wildly, and finally the estranged prince with a strange woman in his arms, her leg bandaged with the torn clothes of royalty.

"Prince Loki." Odin greeted, his eye narrowed against the strangers. "What strangers have you brought among us?" Loki didn't miss his father's accusatory tone, as though the blame only fell on him for brining strangers to Asgard. Naomi's limp form must have been obscured enough behind Bruce and Valkyrie that she wasn't noticed, as no one commented on the woman. As always, however, Thor stepped in before his father grew too publicly critical of his youngest son.

only "Father, these are our friends!" Thor proclaimed, striding to their group with open familiarity. "This is Bruce Banner!" Thor slapped his hands down on Bruce's shoulders, brining all the attention onto him. Bruce started at the contact, and smiled shakily at the gathered Asgardians. "I fought with him on Midgard."

"He is a warrior?" Hogun asked, raising a skeptical brow at the apprehensive doctor who most certainly wasn't a warrior. Beside him, Fandral and Volstagg exchanged looks, agreeing that Bruce didn't seem the warrior type.

"Um, technically!" Thor smiled, and began to move on to his next introduction, Valkyrie. However the woman, who had been fiddling with the arm guard that covered her Valkyrie tattoo, stopped him before he told them her name.

"I am Topaz, my king." Valkyrie spoke to Odin, stealing a name from some other source that Loki didn't know. He felt however that Naomi might have known where the name came from, and was suddenly hit with a wave of apprehensiveness that he needed to get her to a doctor.

Before Odin was able to question Valkyrie, or 'Topaz' further, Loki broke away from the group and moved toward the castle with a hurried pace. To onlookers, his face was dark and stormy. The sudden reveal of an unconscious woman in his arms greatly shocked the Asgardian company, however Odin guessed the woman's identity after a short second, even if her hair covered her features.

"Loki, what is the meaning of this?" Fandral cried out, stepping in Loki's path. Cut off from his destination, the god of mischief glared down his roadblock, but Fandral was not deterred. Instead, his attention was focused on Naomi, and the man's reputation as a womanizer suddenly appeared to Loki. Invigorated to distance himself and Naomi from the blonde man, Loki moved to skirt around him, but Volstagg was there to fill the gap, and he was blocked once more.

"You halfwits! She's been injured, can't you see!" Loki hissed, holding her closer to him subconsciously. He might have spat out other unsavory terms at the warriors, but a pre scene at his shoulder distracted him. Valkyrie, staring down the warriors with unbridled confidence stood at his side, something Loki would have never predicted, but perhaps Naomi might've. Bruce stood at her side, which was predictable, but a small part of Loki appreciated the gesture nonetheless.

"She's been shot. She saved my life." Bruce spoke, calmly and with a touch of sternness. Volstagg, in front of Loki, looked over the scientist, before turning to Odin for instruction. Loki rolled his eyes at the warrior's need to be shown exactly what to do, but Odin surprised them.

"Stand down." He spoke to Volstagg, and the redheaded man complied hesitantly. As Loki passed through them, all three famed warriors evaluated him with suspicion, and their gazes fell to the unknown woman in his arms with the same look. It struck Loki then, as he quickened his pace to the medical center, that just by being associated with him, Naomi could become a target of suspicion in Asgard, and she was already on the king's bad side.

But he pushed the thought to the back of his mind, and with the rest of his companions following, including Thor, they collectively guarded Naomi on the journey to the medical ward, her limp form entirely unaware.





55. Asleep


The Asgardian royal medical ward was truly something to behold, just as grand and gold as the rest of the planet. The ward was used to seeing injured war heroes, greeting bloody royalty with its arching double doors. The princes of Asgard themselves had once laid upon those beds, staining the white sheets red. As they grew older, their visits became sparse, as one brother learned to kill his enemies on the battleground quicker, and the other learned to nurse his injuries in private.





However what the Asgardian medical staff was not accustomed to seeing, was Midguardians. Only once before had they seen one, when prince Thor brought the lady Jane, who had been infected with the reality stone. Thus, the staff there felt a strange sense of deja-vu when the second prince of Asgard burst through the doors, carrying his own Midguardian lady. Loki had a much larger entourage with him, whom the staff had shoo'd away so they could better focus on healing the woman. Loki was the only visitor allowed to stay, as he had simply refused to put her down until they caved.

not Still, he was banished to stay several feet away from her bed as the staff worked, the trickster watching their every move with glaring eyes. Clearly, he didn't appreciate the distance, but the staff silently resolved to gossip about the strange events later, when the ears of royalty were far away. Thus the room was silent, the only sounds to fill the ward were the rustlings of their equipment, and their footsteps upon the marbled floors. No other patients graced the ward that day, as there was no battle for bloody heroes to emerge from.

They worked carefully and quickly, several pairs of hand working together in a flawless and practiced fashion to cut off the woman's hasty bandages, and examine the wound. She had been shot with a high-pressure plasma blast, likely at a close distance. The blast made contact just above her left knee, and had caused her to loose a substantial amount of blood. While working, they found traces of magic around the wound, magic that they recognized as Loki's, meant to remove her pain. The staff shared glances, taking silent guesses at the nature of the relationship between the prince and the Midguardian.

After what had felt like an eternity to the stony prince, the staff finished their work, and dispersed themselves about the room, some breaking off in pairs of two, excitedly chittering in hushed tones. Loki paid no mind to them, and took it as his cue to finally approach Naomi. Standing at her bedside, he realized that there was more color to her cheeks, and the clean, white wrap around her thigh had no trace of blood upon it. With a sigh of relief, a great pressure lifted from his chest, and summoning a chair to him, Loki sat. He waited for a long while, his eyes searching over her face. He watched the soft movement of her parted lips as air was pushed and pulled out of them, her breath steady.

Loki did not know how long her sleep would last, but he didn't bother questioning the medical staff. Instead, he gently reached out, and took her limp hand in his, squeezing it in reassurance that he was there.

---

After being expelled from the medical ward, Thor, Bruce, and Valkyrie decided to turn to a slightly different location. The great feasting hall, where they were guaranteed good music, food, and most importantly, strong drink. The only one who planned on staying sober was Bruce, who also had no choice but to follow his friends as they expertly traversed the halls of the castle. Bruce had no idea how they knew where they were going, but lately he seemed to never have any idea what was happening, so he rolled with it.

The only other inhabitants of the grand hall was a few scattered servants, who quickly pushed themselves to the edges of the room once they saw prince Thor and his companions enter. Thus, the party of three was undisturbed as they claimed their seats at the center table, Thor immediately reaching for the meat, Valkyrie for the booze, and Bruce reaching for his patience.

"So what's the plan now?" Bruce asked, tentatively grabbing a loaf of bread for his plate. After noticing that there was no silverware present, he simply gave up on formalities and ripped into the bread with his teeth.

"Don't know." Thor mumbled through a mouthful of meat. Bruce idly wondered if Asgard had the same livestock that Earth had, and put the thought away for later.

"Naomi said we're going to Midguard, right?" Valkyrie asked, putting down her first empty bottle. Bruce sensed that several more empties were on their way. For as anxious as she had been walking out of the jet, Valkyrie seemed to be in her element at the table.

"I think you're going to Midguard." Thor waved what appeared to be an oversized buffalo wing at both Bruce and Valkyrie, surprising both of them.

you're "Why not you?" Bruce asked, frowning at the thunder god. Thor shrugged, unbothered by his lack of knowledge.

"Ask Naomi when she wakes up." Valkyrie said. The woman had finished all the nearby booze, and now hesitantly grabbed a bottle of red liquid that appeared similar to wine. She swirled it for a moment, taking a sniff as she wasn't accustomed to the finer sides of alcohol.

"I can never understand half of what she says." Bruce complained, finishing off his loaf and contemplating trying the mystery meat. Naomi was constantly making strange references, and finishing people's sentences at random. Perhaps she really was a prophet, Bruce mused.

"You get used to it." Thor smiled, comforting the scientist.





56. Faith





Naomi woke gradually, as though simply emerging from a heavy sleep rather than a blood-loss induced unconsciousness. Upon prying her eyes open, she was greeted with a grand sight of arched ceilings plated with gold, intricate designs crawling up to their peak. For a moment, she was reminded of ancient cathedrals in Europe, or perhaps even the waiting room for heaven.

But she soon noticed the soft pressure on her hand. With a sigh, Naomi twisted her head, and noticed the mass of raven locks laid down on her bed. Loki appeared to be asleep, having sat at her bedside for Odin knows how long. Naomi's mouth twitched into a smile at the sight of the man, and she took special care not to move her hand trapped under his, for fear of waking him, She slowly sat up, peering at the fresh white bandages wrapped around her thigh, modestly covering where a strip of her SHIELD uniform had been cut away to have access to the wound. The medics had done good work, as there didn't appear to be any blood, and Naomi couldn't sense any pain from the area. A silent huff emerged from her lips, as Naomi realized that her favorite outfit was ruined. Her only spare had been trashed on Sakaar, mainly from her abrupt landing on the planet. Hopefully the Asgardians would have something for her to wear, but she and Loki appeared to be alone in the giant room as she craned her neck about. Having properly taken in her surroundings, Naomi finally decided to wake the sleeping prince.

For a moment, she debated on how to wake him, but on instinct she found herself running her free hand through his hair, gently pulling apart any tangles her fingers came across. Loki began to stir, a soft groan emitting from his lips as he slowly awoke. His head rose from the bed, and Naomi watched with a smile as his eyes alighted upon his hand still covering hers, then quickly switching to her face. His expression morphed in an instant, the lines of worry creasing his face smoothed over as his gaze darted about her person, checking that she was completely awake and healthy.

"I promised you, remember?" Naomi teased, leaning in toward him with a grin. Loki chuckled lightly in return, and leaned himself forward in his chair until his forehead touched hers, their eyes wide with light.

"I had faith in you." Loki whispered, so that the rest of the world would remain ignorant of the exchange. As a response, Naomi pulled away from him only to lean in again, and deliver a kiss to his temple. Loki grinned, and with the worry of her health gone, his mischievous side made its return.

"That's the second time you've done that." He cocked a brow, smirking up at her. Naomi recognized his lilting tone, deciding that she too, could play his game.

"Shall I make it a third?" She flirted, giggling when Loki tried to jump from his seat to steal a kiss from her, his emerald eyes dancing with amusement and passion. Naomi was able to dodge his advance, twisting herself to the side, and pressing her lips against his cheek instead. "I win," she murmured. Loki cocked his head to the side, a smile playing on his lips as he studied her for a moment, as if trying to memorize her expression. Naomi sensed a shift in his tone, and curbed her excitement, staring back into his eyes as he stared at hers.

Now that Loki had risen, he stood taller then her, still sitting on the medical bed, and so she was forced to tilt her head upwards as she gazed at the man. After a soft moment, his eyes dropped to her hands, which she had folded in her lap. Tenderly, he reached down and took both of her hands in his, his thumbs smoothing over the back of her hands as he pondered in thought.

"Naomi," he said, and brought his eyes back up to hers. They were vulnerable. Distantly, Naomi was reminded of the night when she had seen Loki, standing in the Asgardian gardens from her window, catching a glimpse of his tender expression under the moonlight before he vanished. "I-" he started, but was interrupted by the opening of the ward's door.

"Excuse me." Said a young woman, her attire implying her to be a member of the medical staff. "The Lady is required for her fittings." Despite clearly interrupting an intimate moment, the woman's face showed no hints of fear even as Loki whipped his head around to send her a glare. Naomi's reaction was less violent, even though it did pain her that she wouldn't be able to know Loki's words until later. Curse the MCU's melodramatic cinematic timing.

"It's alright." Naomi said, removing her hands from his and running a hand over his forearm in comfort. When Loki looked back at her, his vulnerability was gone, but Naomi had faith that she would see it again. "I'll see you soon, love." With a disappointed sigh, Naomi carefully swung her legs over the side of the bed, placing her weight onto her right and hesitating with her left, her eyes on the bandage. However her hesitation vanished when two hands landed on her waist, supporting her as she gradually balanced her weight onto both feet. Miraculously, she had no problem standing. Naomi had no doubt that she would have a nasty scar from the blast, but functionality was her priority, so she hardly minded. Even once she was standing strong, Loki's hands lingered on her waist, before finally dropping to his sides after a kiss goodbye.

With that, Naomi walked down to the doorway, marveling at her healed leg while pondering what Loki could have wanted to tell her. She greeted the medic at the door, exchanging polite smiles before the girl disappeared to the hallway, Naomi clearly meant to follow. She cast a final glance at Loki, who remained standing by the bed, watching her go with his hands clasped behind him. His expression was strained, but it seemed to soften when she smiled at him a final time before exiting the ward, catching up to the medic in the hall.

Alone in the ward, Loki sighed deeply to himself.





57. Tension





Despite how tempted Naomi was to try on one of the gorgeous royal gowns, she knew she needed a more practical choice. She could play dress-up when the threat of half the world dying wasn't eminent. Therefore, Naomi requested to be fitted for armor, or at least some protective clothing. The SHIELD uniforms had been great, but she had no idea how Maria Hill dealt with a full bodysuit at all times.

The servants that had been assigned to Naomi, by who she wasn't sure, went about their task quickly, and quietly. For the most part. Apparently, Loki had been seen carrying her to the Medical Ward by some choice gossipers among the staff, and now the entire palace seemed to buzz with the news. Though he was admittedly a figure of controversy among his own people, Loki was still a prince, and was a source for hot gossip. Naomi only realized that when a young woman measuring around her waist asked her if she was engaged to the prince in a whisper. Naomi's response had been a fair amount of sputtering, and a choked 'no.'

The women backed off when her fittings finished, and as Naomi waited for them to make adjustments to the clothing she had requested, a few bold ones spoke up. They were curious about her origins, and the answer 'Midguard' only stoked their fascination further, and they questioned the nature of her relationship with the prince. Naomi didn't answer that one, but they noticed the pink dusting of her cheeks and giggled to themselves.

It was with a small sense of relief that Naomi accepted the finished product from them, though she had room for amazement at their quick work. Asgardians truly were something else. The armor fitted her perfectly, and failed to weigh her down or make her movements awkward. Naomi had chosen to go with a pair of long black pants, fashioned from a thick material that she failed to recognize. Her shirt was the same material, thick and layered, yet also fitted. Her upper arms were bare, which appeared to be the style in Asgard, but she was given a matching of forearm protectors and shin guards which were strapped on tightly. They even prepared offensive armor as well as protective, proving Naomi with a pair of leather gloves, small pieces of metal adorning the knuckles. And though she hadn't asked, one woman pulled her short hair back into a thick dutch braid, finishing her work before Naomi could protest that it wasn't necessary.

The women were openly disappointed when she left, and seemed to forgo any sense of formality as they invited her to come back anytime, and one brave girl even shouted, 'say hello to the prince for me!" Naomi allowed herself to chuckle at their antics as she was led down the hall by the same woman that picked her up from the Ward. That woman had declined from sharing in the gossip, which Naomi appreciated since she had paid witness to a kiss between her and Loki. She seemed to be a silent type, so no conversation passed between the woman as they traversed the halls of Asgard.

---

The famed warriors three of Asgard had taken it upon themselves to track down Thor, eventually finding themselves in the company of his other friends. Thor was perfectly comfortable, however there was palpable tension at the great dining table where they all sat. Hogun and Volstagg had occupied the seats next to Thor, the two immediately striking up a conversation with him- Volstagg speaking through food in his mouth. However, Fandral had chosen to sit next to Valkyrie on hers and Bruce's side of the table. The clearly delusional man briefly attempted flirting with Valkyrie, or 'Topaz,' but he found himself shut down in record time. She seemed familiar with his behavior, and simply resorted to interrupting him with the word 'no' every time he spoke to her. It was exceedingly successful.

However tensions served only to increase when the next person to arrive was none other than Loki, who had finally approached his companions after strolling the palace aimlessly. Thor, of course, was either unaware or unaffected by the sudden drop in mood from the famous three. "Good of you to join us, brother!" He cheered, and Bruce gave a small wave in support. Valkyrie acknowledged him with a glance- and if Loki's vision wasn't tricking him- a small nod. She was being surprisingly affectionate that day.

" Prince Loki." Volstagg greeted, turning in his seat to stare at the trickster. He emphasized the word Prince, as if to clarify to the man that he was no longer King of Asgard. It was safe to say that, while many members of the palace staff had been fully aware that Loki was parading around as Odin for a great while, others had been clueless. The warriors three had largely been banished from the palace, duties piled on top of them until they could only sleep and occasionally eat inside the gilded walls, and do nothing else. They still harbored some resentment toward Loki for that, among various other misdeeds from across the years.

Prince "Volstagg." Loki spat in return, not bothering to mask his contempt. His gait was haughty as Loki chose his seat at the table, boldly sitting next to Bruce in refusal to sit by any of the warriors. Bruce seemed anxious at his seating choice, but managed to remain relatively calm as he reminds himself how different Loki was acting now. Even if at the moment he was being an arrogant prick, Bruce could easily tell that it was just a front. Something was bothering him, so Loki's immediate reaction was to strike up some walls and tighten his emotional defense.

"Who was the lady?" Hogun spoke up, his expression guarded against Loki. Unlike his friends, however, he was able to keep any obvious dislike off of his features. However, even to Hogun's marginally polite question, Loki was offensive.

"None of your business." He scoffed, folding his arms. Almost unconsciously, Loki arched his head upwards, so he could stare down at Hogun across from him. However he was distracted by a sudden groan from Fandral, who appeared to be getting frustrated with the entire situation.

"That's exactly what the Lady Topaz replied when I asked her the same!" Fandral complained, slumping forward slightly. Beside him, 'Topaz' was unbothered, fingering the top of her most recently emptied booze bottle.

"I don't like you," she stated. Fandral huffed in defeat. The rest of the table seemed to find some amusement in their exchange, however one God of Thunder was finally realizing the tension in the room.

"Come now!" He smiled, caught in the middle of them. "We are all friends here, are we not?"

"No." Loki and Valkyrie both replied, likely the first thing they had ever openly agreed upon. Surprised by their like-mindedness, the pair shared a glance over Bruce's head. Bruce himself didn't bother containing his smile, and unabashedly chuckled at the two of them, finally seeming to relax. Thor cracked a grin, ignoring the looks exchanged between the warriors three. Finally, it dawned on them that they were the outsiders in the conversation, and that perhaps Thor had changed during his travels more than they had anticipated.

However, they could not have guessed the extent of his strange experiences abroad, at least until one of the grand double doors to the dining hall was pushed open, and a prophet crossed over the threshold.





58. Pardon





The ragtag group sitting in the dining hall had been quiet for a few moments, but the silence seemed to manifest itself in the room as the door swung slowly outward. The light clattering of silverware and glasses paused as all eyes switched to the entrance, waiting to see who would enter. No one expected a young woman, dressed in dark Asgardian garb as though she was prepared for battle. Her face, however, did not reflect her mildly intimidating clothes. Her features were open and inviting as she entered, her eyes lighting up once she found her beloved companions sitting together- joined by some new, yet familiar faces.

The warriors three regarded her with confusion, looking toward the reactions of others to gage their opinion of her. Hogun was the only person at the table to notice Loki relax in his seat at the sight of the woman.

"Lady Naomi!" Thor grinned, and beckoned her to join them at the table excitedly. Naomi returned his smile, and hurried her pace to take a seat beside Loki. Hogun raised an eyebrow.

"I thought I said to scrap the title." Naomi frowned playfully. A few seats over, Valkyrie reached across Fandral to grab an unopened bottle of wine set next to his plate. With a quick motion of her wrist, Valkyrie expertly slid the bottle over the table, until it was stopped in its tracks by Naomi's hand.

"Of course, but you performed nobly in battle!" Thor said, attempting to rally her up despite the general calmness at the table. "Today you are to be honored."

"Naomi- uh, listen," Bruce struggled, leaning over his plate slightly to be able to see her, since Loki was sitting in between. Naomi, in turn, propped her elbow up onto the table, resting her head on it so she could meet his gaze. "I haven't thanked you yet," Bruce continued, "But you really saved me back there- even though you barely know me-"

"Bruce." Naomi interrupted. "You don't have to thank me, obviously I'm gonna shoot a bitch before they shoot you." She shrugged, smiling. The rest of the table, who had been awkwardly listening, let out some quiet chuckles at her colorful language.

"Bruce, have you forgotten?" Thor asked, though the scientist's only reply was a confused head tilt. "Naomi knows everyone, of course she knows you." He grinned, clearly at ease with her freaky amount of intel on everyone in the hall.

"Yeah, what's up with the prophet thing again?" Valkyrie spoke up, a nearly unnoticeable drunken drawl slurring her words. No one dared count how many drinks she had had. Volstagg, who was seated across from her, nearly felt offended by her insatiable thirst for booze. Nevertheless, none of the warriors three let a slightly tipsy Valkyrie distract them from the woman who, apparently, was a prophet.

"The lady is a prophet?" Volstagg said, disbelief clearly written on his face.

"Allegedly." Naomi shrugged, pulling the cork out of Valkyrie's stolen wine and taking a swig. Last time she had alcohol, it had been with Tony back in the facility. Though now she couldn't afford to get as shit-faced as they had gotten.

"Naomi has aided us in saving countless lives." Thor smiled, happy to sing her praises for his friends. Naomi sent him a grateful look, but she wasn't overly excited to explain her 'different dimension' situation once again.

"Really?" Fandral smiled, propping his head on his hand, leaning himself forward to get a look at Naomi. "That is quite impressive, my dear lady."

"Pardon?" Loki replied immediately. He shifted forward, blocking Naomi from the mans view with a winning smile that didn't reach his eyes. Across from the trickster, Hogun raised his eyebrows and gave a small chuckle- as if he knew a secret. Naomi shot him a confused look, but quickly returned her attention to Loki, whom she had noticed tense the second Fandral addressed her.

"Pardon?" "I was speaking to the lovely maiden, Loki, if you would excuse me." Fandral replied, his smile straining with frustration, a healthy dose of hatred in his eyes.

was "Ain't gonna happen." Valkyrie stated matter-of-factly, not bothering to look at the offended blonde man next to her. He stuttered for a moment, clearly not used to being shut down so swiftly. Fandral looked to Thor for help, but the thunder god only shrugged, unbothered by the altercation. Naomi sat still, unsure of what to do. Loki was facing away from her, but his hand was clenched tightly in his lap under the tale. Discretely, she reached for it, closing her hand around his and giving light squeeze.

"Fandral." Hogun spoke, directing a condescending look toward the man, and shaking his head side to side. Fandral sputtered, giving Hogun an incredulous look before sighing deeply, visibly deflating in his seat.

"Right." Valkyrie spoke, standing from the table and giving Fandral a hard clap on the back. "Get over it. I'm finished here, Bruce?" She looked to the scientist, motioning toward the door in an invitation to leave with her. Bruce nodded quickly, and rose from his chair with an apologetic smile at Thor. As they prepared to leave, Naomi bit her lip, tempted to go but unwilling to appear rude toward the warriors and Thor.

"Shall we?" Loki's voice sounded in her ear, barely more than a whisper as his lips brushed against her hair. Naomi rolled her eyes with a smile, and turned toward him with casual, 'sure.' Loki stood first, and offered a hand to her as she rose from her own chair. She accepted it gladly, even if she was forced to roll her eyes again at his dramatics. Valkyrie and Bruce, watching the exchange, shared a knowing look between them. At the table, Volstagg and Fandral shot each other glances, finally understanding the situation as Hogun simply looked smug at their obliviousness.

Strangely, Thor seemed to be the only one who hadn't realized the nature of Naomi and Loki's relationship, as he had been too busy with a leg of meat to notice.





59. Library





After ditching the awkward meal, Valkyrie had taken up the position of leader, and guided the group to the Asgardian library, of all places. They had been confused, until she strutted to the farthest section, riddled with cobwebs, and took the liberty of knocking down several books from the shelves, releasing a great cloud of dust. Lo and behold, a secret wooden container hidden by the unused books, which clearly hadn't been opened for ages. Naomi, Loki and Bruce watched on in confusion and interest as Valkyrie smirked at the sight of the crate, and proceeded to rip open the lid.

Booze. Obviously.

Valkyrie grinned, snatching a large green bottle and ripping the cork out with her teeth. "Didn't you already have a drink?" Bruce asked. "Or several?"

"This is a different kind of drinking." Valkyrie explained patiently, handing out bottles to each of them. Naomi and Loki accepted with amusement, though Bruce had some hesitations. Eventually, he took it, and, with the weariness of a man who had spent the last several hours utterly confused and terrified for his life, downed the bottle's contents in one go.

"Go Bruce!" Valkyrie cheered, earning some laughs and a shy smile from the scientist. Naomi and Loki opened their own bottles, and the four of them took seats around the booze crate in the corner of the library.

"How long have you been storing these?" Loki questioned, gesturing to the few dusty bottles left in the box. Valkyrie laughed, and took another drink.

"No idea. I've got drink hidden in places you couldn't even imagine." She grinned proudly. Naomi chuckled, much happier sitting in the library than at the table earlier. The rest seemed to feel the same, as everyone- especially Bruce- appeared much more relaxed. "Besides," Valkyrie continued, "what else do you use a library for?"

Loki scoffed, offended by the insinuation. "Obtaining a higher education, for one." He grumbled, sipping at his drink. Valkyrie laughed, rolling her eyes, and Naomi nudged Loki's arm with a smirk, trying to get him to lighten up. The man smiled back at her, and took a proper swig from the bottle as a reply.

"You know," Bruce said, fumbling to open his second bottle. He was clearly already starting to feel the effects of his first, likely not used to drinking so much. The Asgardians certainly knew how to make hard liquor. "I spent so much time in libraries when I was in school." He raised his eyebrows, and shrugging, handed the bottle to Valkyrie for her to open. She accepted, and had the cork out with one fluid motion of her fingers.

"As did I." Loki nodded, pleased that someone else seemed to hold his appreciation for the bookshelves. "Though, I likely spent much more time in schooling then you." He smirked, subtly one-upping Bruce, who was slightly busy enjoying his second bottle. He didn't even take offense, he simply took a pause to move his lips away from the rim of the bottle to reply.

"No, no, I spent so long in college man." Bruce shook his head, slumping against the shelf behind him with a sigh. "It was like, one PhD after another, you know?" He finished, as if obtaining multiple PhD's was a relatable thing for any of the people present.

"I had fun in college." Naomi shrugged, thinking back on her years at Tulane. It had been a hell of a school, both for its academics and its parties.

"Really?" Loki turned to her, intrigued. "What did you study?"

"Marketing." She answered with a shrug. It hadn't exactly been her passion, but she had chosen the major for good reason. "It was a practicality thing."

"What does that mean?" Valkyrie questioned, unfamiliar with Midgardian education.

"It means," Bruce cut in, brandishing his now-empty second bottle for dramatic effect. "That college is stupid. I couldn't land a job until like, my fifth PhD." He frowned, pouting slightly at the memory. The others chuckled in amusement.

"Yeah, I took that major specifically for a career. Got an internship, and took the job." Naomi explained, slightly lackluster. Her first job had been one of the most boring experiences of her life, but she had a better time, or at least, a more interesting one once her branch merged with another. Then she got a whole new set of co-workers, and a boss that never failed to surprise with his insane antics.

"Why didn't you pursue what you were passionate about?" Loki asked, his mood dropping slightly. His concerned tone sobered Naomi, and forced an honest answer out of her.

"I don't really know what I'm passionate about." She shrugged, examining the floor. "Going to college and getting a stable job was just the reasonable thing to do."

"Screw reasonable." Valkyrie said, opening another bottle for Bruce as she paid attention to Naomi. As soon as the cork was out, Bruce snatched it from her with surprising dexterity.

"Yeah," He said, in between gulps. "Screw college!" The others watched on in strange fascination as the shy scientist chugged his third bottle of heavy Asgardian liquor. Valkyrie forced it away from him once he got halfway through, much to Bruce's frustration. Naomi laughed at the scene, sipping from her own bottle with reserve. She had learned the hard way that it was more fun to actually remember what she did when she got drunk. Though, that precaution had been thrown out the window the first time she met Tony.

"We should get Bruce drunk more often." Loki smirked, fingering the rim of his glass with amusement.

"I agree." Bruce hiccuped, which sent the rest of them bellowing with laughter. Despite his tipsy stupor, Bruce soon joined in the jovial atmosphere- even though Valkyrie pushed all the alcohol away from him whenever he made a grab for it. "Hey- hey, hey, Naomi." Bruce laughed through the words, vaguely gesturing at her with an uncharacteristic grin. "You should- you should make a, uh, prediction, ya know?"

"Huh?" She answered, confused by the request but still unendingly entertained.

"Cause you're like, a fortune teller and stuff." He shrugged, chuckling at the end as though he found it funny. Naomi smiled fondly at the man, before complying with the request. Throwing herself into dramatics, she cleared her throat, gathering everyone's attention. Shutting her eyes tight with fake concentration, Naomi raised her hands up to her head, and pressed her fingers to her temples. Though her eyes were shut, she could still hear the sound of her friends- mainly Bruce- cracking up. Furrowing her brow, she gasped loudly, opening her eyes and looking at the shit-faced scientist.

fortune teller "I predict-" She began in an ominous voice, but Valkyrie snorted and caused Naomi to lose concentration, and break into a grin. It took a few moments for Naomi to collect herself, and regain her serious attitude. She resumed, "I predict, that in the very near future, you-" she pointed to Bruce, "will have a massive hangover!" She grinned, bursting into laughter near the end.

massive "Very impressive." Loki grinned widely, leaning closer to her with amusement from her dramatic spectacle dancing in his eyes. Despite herself, Naomi cheeks tinted pink- though later she would blame it on the liquor.

"Shut up." She countered, not bothering to hide her smile.





60. Hell





Nick Fury was a man known for many things, however patience was not ranked as high on the list. The virtue certainly wasn't present when the man had finally received word of the strange activities occurring as of late. Rogers and his friends moving back to the facility, along with a man formerly accused of terrorism, unexplained trips from Odinson and possibly his brother. New faces seen around the Avengers facility, such as an ex-neurosurgeon and a woman with no public records to be found. Even strange activity in Wakanda concerning Maximoff and her laptop.

He never bothered with calling ahead. Instead, Nick Fury made a personal visit to the compound, intent on figuring out what the hell was going on.

His face was stormy as he stalked the halls, his mind focused on getting answers instead of where he was going. Upon entering, he told the closest employee to 'get everyone in the conference room.' Despite the vague instructions, he fully expected to see every Avenger in the compound gathered in one room by the time he arrived. And see them he did.

The doors to the room were simply no match to his anger, and they opened with a slam once he kicked them in. His hands weren't occupied, but Fury had a tendency to go overdramatic, and kicking in the doors felt like the right thing to do. His abrupt entrance startled the rooms already seated occupants, and though that gave him a small sense of satisfaction, it was quickly overwhelmed with frustration once he saw their faces. Rogers and his team seemed moderately intimidated- not in the sense that they were in any physical danger, but in the sense that they were about to get the ass-whooping of a lifetime. However Stark, and the new face, the doctor with the weird name, seemed completely unaffected by his rage. If anything, Tony was a mixture of tired, and bored, an expression he generally reserved for press conferences and business meetings. The doctor regarded him with a guarded face, but Fury didn't like his eyes. The man looked at him like he knew something, a secret.

But Fury wasn't about to let that get in his way. "Which one of you shit-heads is gonna tell me what the ever-loving hell is going on here?" He pushed his hands onto the table. He watched each reaction carefully, knowing that half his answers would come from their faces alone. Romanoff gave nothing away, per usual, but her companions Rogers and Wilson both glanced first to Stark, then to the Doctor. Barnes refrained from looking at the billionaire, a detail Fury noticed and made a mental note to remember, and probably write down in a file somewhere. They each made an attempt to keep their expressions clear, but Fury could see the expectation in their eyes- Stark and the Doctor were the true masterminds here. As the masterminds, Stark glanced back toward the Doctor, who stared back at him solemnly.

hell "I believe I can explain-" the Doctor began, straightening his posture. His tone was polite, and it fit with the backstory that they had dug up on him. A highly renowned neurological-surgeon, until he got into a car accident that permanently ruined his hands. Information on the man had been much scarcer after the crash became old news, and the Doctor seemed to have simply disappeared into the background, staying out of the public- and even private- eye.

"You can start by telling me who the hell you are." Fury interrupted, keeping his confusion, and admittedly curiosity about the man out of his face.

"My name is Doctor Stephen Strange-"

"Wrong answer. Tell me who the hell you are."

who hell Strange sighed, his polite aura disrupted by Fury's blunt conversation. He needed to know why the man was here, and why he was dressed like some old-age magician with a fancy necklace. "I am a master of the mystic arts, and the sorcerer supreme of the New York sanctum. I guard your reality." Strange explained, the patience in his voice thin as he met Fury's gaze dead-on. Clearly, the man didn't scare easily, and had likely seen a fair share of battle.

"Right." Fury said, getting over the new teammate for the sake of time. "Stark, tell me what the hell you're doing here." Tony glanced up at his name, paying more attention now. His eyes were still tired, and Fury could clearly see the lines of stress creasing his face. Not that it was uncommon for the billionaire to be stressed, or tired even, but this was a different kind of stress.

"A purple giant from space wants to wipe out half the population- of everything- so we need to stop him." Tony shrugged, his nonchalant attitude revealing how much this actually affected him. The man was stressed to the point of numbness, he clearly had personal ties to the conflict- ties that Fury wanted to find out soon enough.

"And no one felt like calling me?" Fury spoke with gritted teeth, still unendingly annoyed and frustrated that he had had to find out about this through much less efficient means.

"SHEILD doesn't exactly have the cleanest track record." Rogers spoke up, his tone polite but firm, getting his point across while simultaneously trying to keep the peace. Fury nearly rolled his eyes- it was so 'Captain America' of the blonde man.

"If what Stark said is true, I hardly see how that matters." Fury rebuked, crossing his arms in front of his chest. He stared over them with his one good eye, surveying the team he was now forced to work with. "So what are you doing to stop this?" He asked.

"Nothing." Romanoff replied, sliding her gaze across the table to Stark. "Tony's hired a woman in space to do everything." Tony tensed at the accusation, and met her gaze with a newly found passion.

"I didn't hire her." He corrected, though his face told Fury that the genius had much more he wanted to say. Clearly, the woman held some form of importance in his life- and based on his reaction to Romanoff's statement, he considered her to be a good person.

hire "Who is she?" Fury asked, brushing aside the small altercation in favor of getting real answers.

"A prophet." Wilson answered before Stark could, seeming satisfied with himself for providing the only trace of humor the meeting had had thus far. However only Wilson and his companions seemed amused by his words, Stark and Strange seemed dully annoyed, as if they had heard the joke repeated several times over already.

"And what in the fresh hell does that mean?" Fury pressed, frustrated that it had taken this long only for some vague answers and a dysfunctional team.

"It means that Naomi Swanson is attempting to save half of all creation from oblivion." Strange spoke again, one of his hands twitching up from his lap toward his gaudy necklace for a moment. Fury made a mental note that the wizard's necklace was clearly important in some way, and was very likely related to the situation at hand.

"But where is the proof?" Romanoff spoke again, her question obviously one that she had asked before and not been answered. Tony began to rub his temples, as if her doubt of this 'Naomi Swanson' woman was painstakingly frustrating for him.

"She has a point," Rogers added, still maintaining a light tone in the tense atmosphere. "We're going off of nothing but Tony's word."

"Let me get this straight. This Swanson person is currently up in space, somehow helping to save the universe while the rest of you sit on your asses and trust that she's actually doing it." Fury said, regarding them with a cool eye. He paid special attention to Tony, as the man held the most emotional ties to the situation, and presumably Naomi. Stark stared back at him, as if daring the director to claim Swanson was untrustworthy, to to doubt that she even existed.

somehow actually " I trust her." Tony declared, defiantly holding Fury's gaze. He let out a sigh in response, his face hardening as he began to formulate his next plan of action.

I "Doesn't mean I do." Fury said.





61. Good





The halls of Asgard were filled with laughter for once after the partially-tipsy group migrated from the depth of the library to roam the palace. The only truly wasted one was the gray-haired scientist, who had enough trouble staying on his feet even with the giggly prophet trying to support him. Loki and Valkyrie were better off, the only indication that they were intoxicated was the occasional stumble from Valkyrie, and the overly-affectionate tendencies of the trickster.

Their only interruption had come from a royal guard, who claimed to have been sent from Odin to find them. However, he had been shut up rather quickly by Naomi, who mustered up as much seriousness as she could manage to tell him to deliver a message for her to the king. The others hadn't much understood what her message meant, only that Naomi wanted Odin to contact some 'Guardians' and ask for their help "killing something." The guard had left with the message- very confused- and the group continued on their merry way.

Though eventually, all good things must come to an end. Bruce began to come off his drunken high, and started crashing hard- to the point where he fell asleep in the middle of the hall, slumping over onto Naomi. Valkyrie too, even showed signs of slowing, beginning to trip over herself frequently, still with a deadpan expression. Realizing that it was time to call it a night, as even the sun was beginning to set, Loki volunteered to carry Bruce over his shoulder- which was a very funny sight for Naomi, who in turn helped to hold up Valkyrie.

After getting directions from some guards who gave them very funny looks, Loki and Naomi were able to find the wing of the palace that Odin had closed off for their stay. A short hallway with two guest bedrooms on either side, the adjacent rooms connected through a shared door. Naomi and Loki decided that he and Valkyrie would room next to each other, as would Naomi and Bruce. Traditionally, they would have separated the hallway by gender, but Naomi brought up the point that someone would need to help Bruce with his inevitably messy hangover in the morning, and neither Valkyrie or Loki would be willing.

someone Now alone in her ornate bedroom, Naomi prepared for the night, allowing herself a lengthy bath as Asgard had no concept of showers. But the warm water helped distract her from the oncoming headache, and when she finished washing up and changed into a provided nightgown, Naomi felt the most relaxed she had in a while. Even with her hair still drying, she would have climbed into bed had it not been for a knock on her door.

It was Loki, who appeared to have also been preparing for sleep, dressed in a loose-fitting shirt and pants. He seemed tense when she opened the door- his eyes desolate.

"Naomi." He said, clasping his hands in front of him. Naomi raised her eyebrows with a light smile, confused as to what he needed, but still pleased to see the man. "May I come in?" he continued, and Naomi rolled her eyes with a disbelieving smile, holding the door open further.

"Of course." She answered. He nodded curly at her, before entering at a brisk pace. Naomi shut the door behind him, and turned to see that Loki was facing away from her, his head turning as though he was surveying the room before he looked down at the ground, sighing.

"Naomi, I wanted to tell you- right when you woke up. But then you were summoned, and..." He trailed off, his back still to her. Several times, he started to turn as though to face her, but stopped himself and continued to look at her room. A frown creased Naomi's face, she began to grow concerned. "This needs to be private, so forgive me for delaying this conversation." Loki continued.

"Loki." Naomi said softly, reaching out to touch his arm. He deflated at the touch, and finally turned to her. However, his head stayed down, and his hands nervously twitched at his sides until he firmly clasped them together in front of his torso.

"I must apologize, Naomi." Loki whispered, shaking his head. Naomi's eyes widened in surprise, and her mouth parted slightly, as though she wanted to ask what was wrong but couldn't bring herself to. She feared what he would say next. But Loki wouldn't speak, continuously taking in breaths as if to summon the words, but none came. Only once, his eyes darted up, and they locked gazes for a split second. His eyes startled her into action. Loki was in pain.

"Why?" Naomi breathed, and moved forward to wrap her arms around him. But Loki saw what she intended to do, and stepped backward- away from her. She lowered her arms, biting her lip nervously as he finally raised his head and held her stare.

"Why?" "I thought that you would've known ." He insisted, eyes wide and misty as his tone turned desperate. He was trying to get her to understand something, but for some reason couldn't bring himself to say. "You seem to know everything, but I'm afraid that... I have deceived you." He gestured with his hands weakly, energy depleted from the sudden confession. Naomi was confused, and slightly hurt from his unwillingness to touch her.

known "What?" She asked, not believing him. There hadn't been a single moment with Loki when Naomi had suspected his character of being false- obviously the man maintained tight control on his inner turmoil, but she had never suspected him of lying to her.

"You-" Loki started, cutting himself off quickly. His eyes darted away, fixing on some point on the wall behind her. His posture was strained, as though Loki were carrying great weight upon his shoulders. He took several breaths, before continuing.

"I'm not good." He insisted, his voice desperate for her to understand even though he refused to look at her. "You think that I am a worthy person, but I am not ," he spat, his hands balling into fists at his side. Naomi stood still with disbelief. "I have allowed this...courtship to continue out of selfishness, and for that I am sorry."

"I'm not good." not The air was silent for several seconds. Naomi stared at Loki with an expression that mirrored his, both of their faces taught with pain. When Naomi abruptly grasped his arms, forcing him to look at her, tears threatened to spill from her eyes.

" I'm not sorry." She said, her voice breathy. Trapping him in her gaze, Naomi moved her hands to cup the sides to his face, pulling him down toward her. Loki's face softened, but his hands did not move to accept her embrace. Frustrated with his failure to understand, Naomi continued, determined to make him see. "You haven't deceived me, Loki, I know what I'm doing.

I'm deceived Slowly, his hands lighted on her waist, and she smiled at the touch, though her eyes had already overflowed with tears.

" I think you're a good person, Loki. I think you're worthy."

I I Loki's mouth gently wavered into a smile, and he gladly welcomed her touch as she pulled him into a hug, trying to convey her meaning as she held him.

"Okay?" She whispered, burying her face into his shirt. Naomi felt him hesitate, then nod. He sniffled a few times before speaking.

"Okay." He responded.

They held each other for a long time after that, watching the shadows arch across her room as the sun went down. Eventually, they parted silently, and Loki left her room- still distraught, but Naomi thought that he looked more relaxed now, as if some of the weight on his shoulders had dissipated.

She sat on her bed for a few moments, reflecting on what had happened. The next morning, she would wake up to the sound of Bruce Banner emptying his guts into the toilet, and she wouldn't remember at what point in the night she had fallen asleep.





62. Hangover


Bruce Banner was a respectable man. He had seven PhD's, and was easily one of the ten smartest people on the Earth. He was accustomed to spending his time in high-tech laboratories, working on life-altering materials alongside some of the biggest names in science. He was an Avenger, and both he and his green rage-filled alter ego had helped to save the world numerous times.





He was not a man accustomed to emptying his stomach into a toilet in the early hours of the morning.

He would have been lying if he claimed that it was his first time, however.

Truthfully, Bruce didn't have an exact measure of where he was, but he assumed he was still on Asgard. The lavish toilet could attest to that. But he did not have to kneel on the tiled floor in misery alone, however, as soon enough a knock echoed through his room. Still hunched over the toilet, trying not to smell its new contents, he couldn't muster up the strength to answer the door.

"Yeah..." Bruce called, not as a question, or an invitation to answer, but more as acknowledgement that he was still there. After finally flushing the toilet, he could only think it was some royal servant sent to find out who the hell couldn't hold their drink on a planet filled with alcoholics. Bruce had seen both Thor and Valkyrie's drinking tendencies first-hand, and they were almost frightening.

But a servant wasn't at the door, and instead Bruce heard the now-familiar voice of Naomi call out a sleepy greeting to him. "Hey Bruce."

"Naomi." Bruce croaked, trying not to unclench his stomach for fear of vomiting again. He didn't turn to look at her, but he listened to the sound of her footsteps first crossing through the bedroom, then into the bathroom. He focused on regulating his breathing as her feet entered his peripheral vision, then a white nightgown covering her knees as she kneeled down beside him.

"I see the party has moved in here." Naomi commented, fighting off a small yawn in her voice. Bruce felt guilty for a moment that he had woken her up, but a new bout of nausea distracted him. Subconsciously, his cheeks puffed up with air and his face scrunched, pitching him even further over the toilet. Naomi's hand gently landed on his back, and she rubbed small circles over his shirt until he relaxed his face and titled back from the bowl slightly.

"Not much of a party." He groaned, regretting everything.

"You know," Naomi chuckled, "I'm used to holding someone's hair back in situations like this." Bruce laughed lightly, but cut himself off when it upset his stomach. He could feel the bile rising in his throat, so he was really only putting off the inevitable. Bruce couldn't bring himself to remember why people ever drank.

"Maybe Thor's got his own toilet somewhere." He joked, but he made an effort to stop any laughter from rising. Naomi did all the laughing for him, sounding more awake after a bit of talking.

"I have to hand it to you Bruce, I had no idea you could drink like that." She said, the amusement in her voice evident. He groaned again, wondering what drunken nonsense he had gotten up to while he was hammered. For the life of him, Bruce couldn't remember much after the first bottle.

"It's been a long ti-" The inevitable next vomit session appeared, cutting him off. As Bruce hurled into the bowl- probably ruining whatever Asgardian marble is was made of- Naomi comforted him again by rubbing circles into his back. After nothing had exited Bruce's mouth-or nose- for a few seconds, her hand reached across his vision and flushed the toilet.

"Thanks." He said, wiping off his mouth with disgust.

"Of course." Naomi said, pulling herself off of the floor with a grunt. Still not looking away from the toilet, Bruce heard some vague rustling, and the sink facet running before a clean, wet towel was pressed into his non-vomit covered hand. As he wiped his face and hands off with another 'thanks,' he wondered what kind of life she had led before getting caught up in all their Avengers nonsense. She was clearly used to taking care of someone's hangover, and Bruce dimly remembered her remarking that she had gone to college- which would probably explain it.



"I think I'm done." Bruce sighed, grimacing from the hot taste in his mouth. It was a relief however, now that his stomach felt mostly empty and he could think straight again. He stood up slowly, using the sink counter as support as Naomi searched the room for a toothbrush. She managed to find the necessary supplies in a small cupboard under the sink, and instructed Bruce to brush his teeth thoroughly while she found some new clothes. As he attempted to get the sick taste out of his mouth, he almost chuckled at how motherly Naomi was being. She likely wasn't even aware of it, but Bruce didn't complain. It was kind of like having an older sister, even if he was several years her senior. But thinking about their age difference only soured bruce's thoughts, as he remembered that he was supposed to be a responsible and functioning adult by his age, and not throwing up in other people's toilets.

Nevertheless, he was thankful for her help. After he had alleviated some of the aftertaste, he changed into a fresh pair of clothes Naomi had found in the closet- white shirt and black pants. The shirt hung off him slightly, and the pants were a tad too tight, but after parading around in Tony's outfit all day, he was certainly glad for a change. They joined back together in the hallway- Naomi had insisted that they find some food and water even though it was likely sometime around three in the morning. They walked the hallways together in comfortable silence for a few moments, neither of them actually knowing where they were going.

"Sorry I woke you up." Bruce said after a while, doing his best to ignore his raging headache.

"It's okay." Naomi shrugged. "I wasn't really sleeping well anyway."

"Rough night?"

"You could say that." She sighed, her eyes growing distant for a moment. Bruce frowned, and wondered if anything had happened while he was drunk out of his mind. But it seemed like a private matter, so he changed the subject.

"You certainly know how to deal with a hangover." He smiled, glancing over at her ruefully. She laughed, her eyes still distant as though she was reliving a memory- but she seemed happier now.

"I had some fun in college, don't get me wrong- but my roommate took it to a whole new level."

"I guess I know what that's like." Bruce smiled, reminiscing on his own college days. Sure, it had primarily been filled with the two S's: studying and stressing, but he had been to a few parties in his time. None of them had ever had liquor like the Asgardians had, though.

"I hadn't really pegged you for a partier, you know." Naomi said, the pair of them turning a corner into a hallway that looked the same as the one before. They were trying to get to the dining hall, but they weren't too concerned with their lack of knowledge about the palace. It was serene to be able to appreciate the grand ceilings and statues without the normal hustle of servants and various warriors.

"I thought you knew everything?" Bruce remarked, not too bothered anymore about the woman's seemingly endless knowledge of everyone. Beside him, Naomi looked down and shrugged, making a small 'hm' sound.

"No, but enough hopefully."

Bruce frowned, slightly concerned. "Winning this- whatever this is- isn't all riding on you, you know. Not to be mean or anything- but we've all got a part." He watched her response carefully, she seemed to listen to his words, but he could see in her expression that he hadn't changed her views. It took him aback for a moment, that she seemed to place the responsibility for winning solely on herself. Though he had only known her for one day, it had been quite the eventful time, and he felt he had gotten to know her character well. Naomi was a very sociable person, and formed connections easily. But when it really came down to the gritty details, she tended to keep the majority of the burden on herself while maintaining a cheerful and witty disposition.

"We're all with you, Naomi." Bruce told her, putting a hand on her shoulder as they kept walking. It occurred to him that their roles had reversed just then, that he now gave her the parental comfort she had brought him earlier. It was a nice thought, and it turned the corners of his lips upwards.

"Thanks Bruce." She smiled, a hint of melancholy in her voice. He paused for a moment, trying to think of something to say, some sort of advice to give, but he came up short. Instead, they both spotted a distant servant enter their hallway from an adjacent one, carrying a large basket.

"Excuse me." Naomi called out, smiling politely at the servant as she asked directions to the dining hall. The worker yelled the instructions to them, their voice hesitant and confused. No doubt they looked out of place, clearly Midgardians walking around in their pajamas.But Naomi didn't mind as she shouted a 'thank you' and turned to find the dining hall.

"I'm starving." Bruce mumbled, sensing that the serious atmosphere was gone, and it was due time to return to more pleasant conversation.

"I'll second that." Naomi agreed.

Eventually they would find the hall, and feast on water and bread as they exchanged stories from their school days, jobs, and various life experiences.

"Weirdest party I've ever been to was this Christmas party my office had, right?" Naomi grinned. "And long story short, someone's hair catches on fire, and we have an office-wide intervention for a maybe alcoholic. But the best bit is that at the end, we find one woman is cheating on her fianc- who also worked with us- with her ex- who- get this- also worked with us."

also "There's no way that actually happened." Bruce laughed, shaking his head.

"I swear it- the two guys ended up having a duel in the parking lot. It was probably one of the weirder days in the office." She shrugged, drumming her fingers on the table as she smirked at him across from her. If anything could be said for her old job, it was that things never got boring. Or at least, usually didn't.

"Well, I don't think I have any stories as crazy as that." He chuckled, grabbing another piece of bread for his plate. It was the only food Naomi let him eat, since he was still technically hungover.

"Oh, I wouldn't say that." She giggled deviously, staring at him like she knew a secret. Bruce raised a suspicious eyebrow at her as he tore a chunk of the loaf off with his teeth. "We heard some very interesting stories while you were- ah- intoxicated ."

intoxicated "Oh no." Bruce groaned, sensing where this was going. Naomi laughed at his lackluster response.

"I think we should get you back in Vegas sometime." She remarked slyly, barely containing her laughter.

"Oh God no."

God





63. Scary Stories





The Asgardians worked quickly, and a call was sent out almost immediately that the royal family was in search for the guardians of the galaxy. Odin had been very surprised when they received a response in just a few hours, as he hadn't even known these people existed the previous day. He did question why they accepted his request for them to come to Asgard so readily and with only one question: if there would be good pay. The king had no idea what Lady Swanson wanted from them, but by that point he had learned that letting her take the reins and staying out of the way could be quite beneficial, not to mention it would save him from excess stress.

Their ship arrived on the rainbow bridge in the early morning, the only warning for their arrival being the all-seeing eyes of Heimdall. Odin had servants relay the information to the Lady Swanson and her chosen companions, and afterwards stayed in the palace to enjoy his breakfast in peace.

Naomi and Bruce had been the last to hear the news, as it had taken a while for the servants to find them. Thus, the two were sent packing out of the great hall straight toward the rainbow bridge. As they approached, Naomi could see the guardians ship landed through the mist of the early morning, and all its passengers gathered outside on the bridge. They appeared to be in an argument with Thor, Loki and Valkyrie, who had all arrived much earlier. As Naomi quickened her pace, she tugged on Bruce's arm to get him to follow. The closer she drew, the better she could hear the conversation.

"There's no job, then?"

"Well there is, I assure you, I think, but we must wait to find out."

Naomi knew the second voice to be Thor's, but the first voice was more unclear to her. She was fairly certain it had been Peter Quill, but she and Bruce were still to far and the fog was to thick for her to be sure.

"What the hell kind of crackhouse are you running here?" A third voice asked, definitely belonging to a small raccoon. " Nobody knows what the hell is going on?" Rocket asked in disbelief.

Nobody "I beg your pardon? Your ship is landed near the threshold of a palace ." Loki sneered, offended by the crude animal's words. Still, Naomi smiled a little hearing him back to his old self.

palace "Im so sorry, your crack-palace ." Rocket retorted, and a resounding bout of laughter cut through the fog in response. The deep, full-mouthed cackling that could only come from the infamous Drax.

so crack-palace Naomi jogged the last few feet, the guardians finally coming into clear view. Their attention turned to her, and to the scientist that she still had a hold on. "I think I can clarify things." She smiled, elated to meet one of the funniest groups in the MCU. They look at her with a trace of suspicion, mostly provided by Gamora. Groot didn't care, he was buried in his video game as always.

"Who are you?" Mantis asked, her hands folded timidly in front of her. As always, she hovered around Drax, who as still recovering from Rocket's one-liner.

"I'm Naomi Swanson, and we have a lot to discuss." She answered, looking between all of them with a hopeful gaze. They didn't respond, although Rocket and Peter seemed to be earring u to ask about payment once again.

"She is a prophet." Thor boasted, clapping a hand onto Naomi's shoulder with a peculiar aura of pride. Naomi simply chuckled and rolled her eyes, exchanging a quick glance with Loki. They had stood next to each other throughout the exchange, slowly drifting closer without really acknowledging one another. Bruce noticed, however, as did Valkyrie. Their own shared glance promised that the two would share gossip later on.

"Hang on." Gamora spoke out, her posture straightening as her gaze darkened. " The Prophet?" A small rumble of realization rolled through the Guardians, and they all regarded her again with a new look in their eyes. Even Groot finally looked up from his game, but he still seemed bored with the proceedings so far.

The "Uh, what?" Naomi asked, extremely confused. Her own group grew more serious in response, Loki closing the distance between them so their arms pressed against each other.

"The one with the scary stories?" Mantis gasped, her face a picture of childlike wonder and fear mixed into one. Naomi would have found it adorable, had she not been to perplexed by the sudden shift in the conversation.

"You've heard of Naomi?" Valkyrie questioned, raising a brow while meeting each of their gazes individually.

"Well we've heard of someone who's been going 'round preaching that the world is ending, or something." Peter shrugged, not all too concerned at the thought of a prophesied end of the world.

someone "Yeah, that's Naomi." Bruce said, nodding gravely. Naomi's mouth dropped open in shock, disbelief written over her features.

"I do not go around telling people the world is ending!" She exclaimed, not deeply offended but still surprised at her own friends unanimous agreement that she was the rumored doomsday preacher.

not "Only a little, dear." Loki grinned, and Naomi huffed in defeat. The guardian had watched the exchange between the Asgard group in amusement, but still maintained a small amount of caution. "Anyhow," Loki said, turning toward Gamora, "how have you heard of Naomi?"

"We hear of everything in the galaxy. Nothing escapes us." Drax remarked gravely, his eyes boring into Loki's. Naomi would have been intimidated had she not known that Drax was more likely to deafen someone with his laugh than to hurt them at that point in the timeline.

" I am Groot." A mumbled, high-pitched voice came, the tree's tone sassy and biting. The other guardians cracked a smile at whatever the teen had said, though Drax gasped as though he had been deeply offended.

I "That was one time!" He insisted, pointing his finger sternly at Groot, who simply didn't care and turned back to his game. Naomi wasn't sure how he was so engrossed in it, since the one glance they had gotten on screen had shown it to be a simple Defender-style video game.

one "Ah, the tree is very comical." Thor grinned, laughing along with the Guardians at Groot's obvious sass to Drax. Collectively, they paused and shot Thor serious glances. Naomi saw a golden opportunity.

"You speak Groot?" She said in sync with Rocket, who whirled around to face her after the sentence was finished. But Naomi was not done.

"Yes, they taught it on Asgard. It was an elective." She said, starting out in sync with Thor, but ending the sentence alone as he caught on to what she was doing and trailed off in the middle. Naomi was pleased with herself, and Loki seemed to find it amusing enough, especially since it had quieted Thor. However, Bruce and Valkyrie seemed to be over Naomi's party trick of predicting random sentences. The Guardians were new to the concept, though, and had mixed reactions.

"She's a magician!" Mantis gasped, her eyes widening with a youthful joy. Naomi smiled at her reaction, but was sobered when she met Gamora's eyes. The green warrior was evidently not amused by the situation, and still regarded Naomi with a wariness in her posture. It reminded Naomi of the reason she ad brought them here.

"Right, well, we should probably start talking." She said, clasping her hands together in anticipation of the difficult conversation that was ahead.

"About what?" Gamora asked, her eyes narrowing. Naomi hesitated for a second, and perhaps something in her eyes gave it away, but in that moment, Gamora seemed to realize where the conversation was heading. The woman didn't start, or even look surprised at Naomi's response.

"About Thanos."





64. Prove It





The palace interior was reminiscent of a grand, golden cathedral on Earth. Naomi was getting rather sick of the gilded decorations, as was Bruce. However they tried to be polite and not comment on it, unlike their new guests. A certain raccoon made his thoughts on the interior design very clear the moment he walked through the door. But neither Rocket, or anyone would be making such jokes after they realized the gravity of the situation. Naomi's mention of the name 'Thanos' had shaken Gamora, but it had done little else to deter the spirits of the others on the team. The Guardians allowed themselves to be led into a large meeting room without concern. Naomi, Loki, Thor, Valkyrie, and Bruce took their seats at the table, and the Guardians sat across. Naomi waited until any chatter amongst themselves had died down, and silence filled the room.

"You can call me a prophet if you like, because I do know the future. There's a long-winded explanation of why involving a separate dimension, but i'm hoping we can skip past that for the sake of time." She began, resting her forearms on the table and peering at them intently. Gamora matched her gaze with intensity, but the rest of her team seemed much less passionate about the entire affair. They were only silent due to the morose atmosphere- Groot had even put his game down and tried to act like he was paying attention.

why "I'll pretend I believe you." The green woman said, eyeing Naomi. Naomi shifted uncomfortably under her gaze, but carried on speaking.

"Thanos's goal is to collect all six infinity stones, and use them to wipe out half the universe's population. And in the future I saw, he succeeded."

"Huh?" Peter asked, raising an eyebrow and squinting at her. Naomi hesitated for a second, unsure because she had never gotten that kind of reaction before.

"She means that if we do not collect the infinity stones ourselves, Thanos will, and he will win." Thor intervened in the conversation, the serious side of him emerging as the topic matter grew ever darker. Even in the present situation, Naomi took a moment to appreciate his leadership skills. She knew that he would make a good king, if they managed to defeat Thanos.

"Okay, time out." Rocket interrupted, his chin just barely making it over the table. Asgard didn't have any chairs fit for raccoons, unfortunately. "That guy's been going on about the stones forever, nothings changed about that."

"Things have changed," Naomi stressed, her brow furrowing. "You have to believe me." The air was clear for a moment as everyone formulated their thoughts on the matter, now thoroughly engrossed in the conversation. Even Naomi's companions, who had all already heard her lecture on the future, paid rapt attention.

"I am Groot." The teenager spoke up, crossing his arms in a haughty manner. Though Naomi couldn't speak Groot, she had a fairly good idea of what he had said. She opened her mouth to say what she thought the answer would be, but looking at Groot while thinking of Infinity War brought some unwanted thoughts to her mind. In fact, looking at any member of the Guardians made her feel incredibly melancholy.

"He's right, you must prove yourself." Drax said, his eyes wide and his expression intense. Naomi nodded to him, knowing that she would likely have to dig up some painful memories of theirs t prove her knowledge.

"I know about how you all met, the fight with Ronan, and most recently the fight with Ego." She revealed, greeted with many wide eyes and disbelieving faces. Though Mantis seemed to have believed everything so far, the rest of the Guardians were not so ready to hear it.

"Okay then lady, what's my favorite colo r ? " Rocket sneered, still making light of the conversation. Gamora shushed him, intent on figuring out whether or not Naomi was legit. The raccoon rolled his eyes at his unreceptive audience. However Peter, seated next to Gamora, took note of her serious expression and seemed to sober up.

what's my favorite colo ? "Alright." Peter grunted, his expression darkening as he faced Naomi. "I'll throw you a real curveball, see if you're legit." He shrugged, and Naomi tensed. She had to get the question right, or else she could lose her chance of having the Guardians help taking down Thanos. Without them, she didn't want to imagine what could happen. "What were his last words?" Peter asked, leaning back in his chair.

"That's not fair, you didn't give her a name-" Loki immediately protested, his voice laced with frustration. He had been silent next to Naomi thus far, but apparently felt the need to rise to her defense under the unclear question. But it wasn't unclear to Naomi, because even though she had just met Peter Quill, she knew him well.

"It's okay Loki." Naomi said, cutting him off with a hand on his shoulder before he could speak further. She kept he eyes on Peter, who tried not to show it but seemed surprised at her confidence. Silence ensued, and the entire table leaned in slightly to Naomi as if she would whisper it as a secret.

"I'm sorry that I didn't do none of it right, I'm damn lucky you're my boy."

Peter sucked in a breath, his face falling. Naomi regretted the words, but she knew that she had to convince them. There were other ways, but time was running out before Thanos made a move, and they still had two stones unaccounted for. The silence in the room grew thicker as everyone watched Quill's devastating reaction. Naomi's companions could only guess at whose final words it had been, but the Guardians could figure it out easily enough. Gamora put a comforting hand on his arm, and Peter took the opportunity to look away from Naomi. The grief was still fresh for him, but it was not enough for everyone.

"I don't believe you." Rocket glared, his animalistic features still intimidating even though he could barely see one the table. "Sorry Quill, but i'm not buying this whole prophet gig." He shrugged, ignoring the annoyed looks from the others. Naomi supposed he had a point, though. Peter had heard Yondu's final words in private, and it was possible that he could have spouted them out to random people if he was drunk enough. It would take more than that to convince the Guardians.

"What else do you want to know?" Naomi sighed, preparing herself to make another devastating quote. The Guardians were quiet, unsure of what to ask after what had happened to Peter. But a small voice spoke up, just loud enough for everyone to hear.

"i am groot?" He asked, his posture meek and shy. Naomi was surprised at the tree's demeanor, she had never seen teenage Groot act so timid onscreen. She had no idea what he said, but a small gasp from Thor, and the somber expressions from the rest of the guardians, excluding Mantis tipped Naomi off.

"Groot..." Rocket trailed off, taken aback by the teen's question.

"What is it?" Naomi asked softly, tentatively from the solemn drop in the already dark atmosphere.

"He asked what his father's last words were." Drax spoke up, laying a hand on the tree's shoulder. Groot shoved it off quickly, and kept his eyes low. Naomi nodded quietly, ready to oblige to the young tree's request. She hadn't known that Groot knew so little of his father, likely because it was painful for the Guardians to discuss it, but she had no choice other than to tell him.

"We are Groot." She said, and Groot's head shot up. Naomi wasn't sure if she had said it correctly since it was technically a complex foreign language, but Groot seemed to understand what the words meant. He nodded to her, his expression indecipherable, and turned his eyes back to his lap.

"Fine." Rocket spat out, direction the table's attention. "I believe you." He told Naomi. While she was relieved that they believed her wild claim of prophetic knowledge, a deeper part of her despised how she had to prove it to them. Dredging up painful moments from their pasts just to prove a point was never something she anticipated.

"Hey." Gamora spoke up, her face guarded and cleared of emotion. "You said that you saw Thanos get all six stones, but he can't ." She protested, jabbing a finger into the table. "No one knows where the Soul Stone is, it's lost."

can't Naomi stared at her for a moment, a scene that she did not want to remember playing in her mind.

"But I know that's not true, Gamora." Naomi whispered, and the green woman's guard slipped for a moment, revealing fear. For she too, knew that the Soul Stone was not lost, and Gamora knew that there was only one way Thanos could've found it.





65. Tell me





There was no room for small talk. Once Naomi had dropped the bomb on the Guardians, Gamora had not hesitated. She rose from her chair and stalked around the table, making toward Naomi. But Naomi was not scared, because she knew Gamora, and knew what the woman's intentions would be. Naomi's companions did not know that, and it took a few minutes to convince them to stand down and let Naomi leave the room with Gamora alone. Loki had been the hardest to convince.

Naomi had planned on speaking to Gamora privately, it had been a part of her and Tony's plan from the beginning. Although Naomi had a policy of being transparent with all the heroes as much as possible, Gamora and the guardians were a special case.

"How could Thanos find the Soul Stone?" Gamora asked immediately, shutting the door. Their location of choice was Naomi's bedroom, due to it being in an isolated wing of the palace. Naomi sighed at the question, pacing to the bed as she thought of how best to approach the sensitive subject.

"Because you know. And he has ways of making you tell him." Naomi said bluntly. There would be no sugarcoating with her, not in this scenario. In Naomi's mind, this conversation could be the turning point of thwarting Thanos's foretold victory.

"How?" Gamora asked, stepping toward the other woman. Her arms were folded in front of her chest, as though she were trying to restrain herself from lashing out. Her voice remained calm and steady, not a waver giving away her inner turmoil.

"I don't know if it's happened already, but Nebula is going to make an attempt to kill him, and she will fail." Naomi explained, leaning against the bed and watching Gamora pace the room. The green woman was used to facing danger head on, or planning for it based on her own knowledge. Taking the word of a stranger, especially on matters concerning her adoptive father, was proving difficult for Gamora. "He'll, uh," She continued, hesitating for a moment. Naomi's pause, however, made Gamora's head turn sharply toward her, and she quickly continued her explanation. "He will torture Nebula to get the stone's location out of you."

This stopped Gamora's pacing, and the woman stood still for a moment. She recovered quickly, and pressed herself against the wall opposite the bed where Naomi leaned. "I would believe that." Gamora said quietly, and Naomi wondered if she had been meant to hear. "But how do I believe you ?" She challenged, narrowing her eyes at the brunette. "Prove it to me. prove how you can know all this."

you Naomi sighed, feeling terribly tired. "When you first met Thanos, he gave you a small knife, bladed on both ends, encrusted with rubies, and perfectly balanced." She said, looking at the floor. "Perfectly balanced, as all things should be."

Gamora breathed in slowly, releasing the breath after several tense seconds. Naomi didn't look up from the floor. She didn't want to see the woman's expression. "Not good enough." Her voice sounded, and prompted Naomi to raise her head. Gamora's face was fierce, her eyes concentrated on Naomi with an intensity she had never seen before. Naomi paused, because this had never happened before. Usually, all it took was a phrase to prove her invasive knowledge of the past. From there, she had usually been surrounded by others who could vouch for her honesty. Looking at Gamora now, Naomi thought of Tony, and what it had taken to convince him of her knowledge. But thinking about Tony only reminded Naomi of how important it was that she convince Gamora, and follow through with the plan.

"Okay." Naomi nodded, and began to think of everything she could possibly know about Gamora. "Thanos visited your planet and murdered half the population, including your mother. He raised you and Nebula, but he pitched you against each other in fights. You always won, and whenever you did, Thanos replaced a part of Nebula with wires and metal."

Naomi heard Gamora's breathing quicken. "That doesn't prove anything."

Naomi changed tactics, and kept her eyes off of the woman's face. "You are in love with Peter Quill, even if you won't really admit it to each other." Gamora sucked in a breath, but did not say anything. Naomi continued. "You trust him enough that when the time comes, you will give him instructions to kill you, so that Thanos cannot get to you, and learn the location of the Soul Stone."

"Not good enough."

"The Soul Stone is on Vormir." Naomi whispered, and this gave Gamora pause.

"Keep going." Gamora said. Naomi looked up at her, confused.

"What?" She asked, peering at her. "Why?" Gamora glared back, her face defensive. The woman was still pressed against the wall, her posture tense as though expecting an attack.

"I believe you. Keep going." Gamora fumed, her lips pressed together tightly and her eyes wide. Naomi didn't want to continue, but the assassin sensed her hesitation. "How far does your knowledge you?" She hissed through clenched teeth. Naomi fiddled with her hands, and felt ashamed of what she would say next.

"You hate Thanos. You would kill him if you got the chance. But some part of you, some small, buried part of you would cry if you watched him die."

They were silent.

Naomi's head shot up when she heard footsteps, and saw Gamora at the door, her hand on the knob. Instinctually, Naomi stood up and shouted, "Wait!" Gamora froze, and shook her head.

"No more. We're done here." She seethed, and her voice shook with raw emotion. The sting if regret seared Naomi, and she knew that she should not have told Gamora such things.

"I'm not done, please. I won't tell you anything about yourself, I promise." Naomi continued, her legs suddenly feeling weak. Gamora stayed still. She neither turned to face her or open the door to leave, and Naomi took it as an invitation to speak.

"If there ever comes a time when Thanos finds us." Naomi said, finding it harder to breath as she stared at the back of the unmoving assassin's head. "And he asks you if you know where the Soul Stone is... don't tell him." Naomi breathed deeply, her nerves growing worse instead of calming. She felt as though she was signing her own death warrant, but she continue on because the words needed to be said.

"Let me tell him. If he tries to take me to Vormir, let me go. Please."

Gamora didn't move.

"If he takes you to Vormir, he'll kill you." Naomi whispered, her vision blurred with tears that she refused to let fall. Gamora's posture jerked, then fell still once more. "You'll die, and he'll win... and he'll kill them."

"Tell me." Gamora's voice was low, and rough. Naomi didn't ask if she was sure she wanted to hear.

"Mantis, Drax, Groot... and Peter."

Gamora opened the door, and walked out.





66. Promise





It had been a full day since she had met the Guardians, but time had moved so quickly that Naomi felt as though it had only been a few hours. Her desperate attempt to convince Gamora had worked, and planning out their next moves had begun immediately. The Guardians were not so used to calculating their steps with rigor, but they were also technically getting paid by Odin, so they kept their complaining to a minimum. Only Gamora knew the true stakes. Usually Naomi made a point to keep all heroes informed of the dangers of losing this battle, but they were running out of time, so Naomi left it up to Gamora to tell them.

Their plan was simple. Divide and conquer in order to obtain the two remaining stones- Power and Reality, and track down Nebula at the same time. After each team completed their mission, they were to meet back on the Guardian's ship and subsequently head to Earth. The plan was widely agreed with, although some had issues with how the teams had been distributed. Rocket, Groot, Drax and Mantis were assigned to the Power stone, and would be heading to Xandar in the Guardians ship. Thor, Loki, Bruce and Valkyrie would retrieve the Reality stone, which left only Gamora, Peter, and Naomi to find and recruit Nebula.

Gamora hd insisted on keeping Naomi with her- not out of any sentimental means, but likely as a way of keeping an eye on the prophet with a disturbing amount of knowledge. The rest of the teams had been decided with consideration, although one God of Mischief had some issues with his placement that he refrained from voicing until later that night, when he would once again knock on Naomi's door.

"Why can't you be with us?" Was his question, which he sprung on her after she invited him inside and shut the door. His tone was gentle, and not angry, and Naomi appreciated that he hadn't made a scene when the teams were actually being decided.

"Because Gamora wants to keep an eye on me. And I want to keep an eye on Gamora." Naomi answered, taking a seat on her bed and motioning for Loki to sit beside her. They were still clothed in their armor, a long way away from being ready to sleep.

"You do... understand of course that I don't want you alone ." Loki said slowly, staring off at the wall and clasping his hands in between his knees. Naomi smiled at his concern, and leaned against him. She took in a deep breath before answering.

alone "I know. But I trust both Gamora and Peter. And Nebula, for that matter."

"You trust everyone, darling."

"Not everyone." She corrected. "I've just been primarily surrounded by very trustworthy people so far." Naomi laughed, thinking back on all the wonderful people she had crossed paths with thus far. All the wonderful people that she had a duty to save, to stop from the senseless annihilation that Thanos would bring.

"I suppose you're right. But I still worry, you see." Loki sighed, and leaned his head on top of hers. "Suppose you ran into Thanos while rescuing this Nebula woman. You and I both know how formidable he is."

Naomi was silent for a few moments. She did know how dangerous Thanos was, she knew all too well. She also knew what had happened when Loki met Thanos in Infinity War, and just how short their meeting was.

"I don't want you running into Thanos." Naomi whispered. She tensed, and Loki responded the same, pulling away from her. She felt his eyes on her but she refused to meet them and stared at the wall instead.

you "I suppose this has to do with your visions." He said, not as a question but as an acknowledgment. Naomi nodded, and tried to get the image of Loki being held up by Thanos out of her head. It wasn't working. "You can tell me, Naomi." He muttered softly. When she remained silent, Loki reached out and caressed her jaw softly, pulling her face toward him. Naomi met his gaze reluctantly, and could only bear to hold it for a second. His eyes looked so different in person, so full of emotion and teeming with life. His expression was so calm, so gentle that she was sent reeling at the contrast of the Loki in front of her, and the image of him that wouldn't leave her mind. Naomi could not imagine having to see him die here, offscreen and right in front of her.

She pulled him into a hug so he could not see her face. He returned her embrace gladly.

"He killed you." She whispered, her voice strained and shaken. Loki's grip tightened around her, but he did not speak. "I'm sorry." Naomi breathed, burying her face into his hair.

"Don't apologize." He replied quickly, his voice strong. "Naomi, you have nothing to apologize for. You must know that." She did not reply, and so they sat in silence, each holding the other against them as if it was the last time they would see each other. And for all either of them knew, once they left to complete their missions, Thanos could arrive and separate them forever. As time went on, the stakes in the fight against the Mad Titan only got higher and higher. Collecting almost all of the infinity stones on Earth was a risky move, but Tony and Naomi had decided long ago that it was a necessary one.

Naomi and Loki had met not too long ago, when one truly looked back at the timespan of their relationship. But despite that, they fit together, and in this dangerous time, they felt safer together than apart. Which is why when the morning inevitably came, and it was time to leave, they said no goodbye's. Just a parting promise to return safely, and quickly.

So they cherished their fleeting time together as they sat in Naomi's room, each one holding the other close.

"I love you."

"I love you too."





67. Blue





The compound was quiet, as it had been ever since the arrival of 'team Cap.' Conversations were carried in hushed tones, even when there was no need. The air had a weight to it, and some days heroes hardly left their rooms except to train. But not Tony. He busied himself with every activity imaginable, and had a coffee permanently in his hand. He spoke to Strange often, seeking the man's counsel on almost every matter concerning Thanos or the mysterious Naomi. Even the arrival of Rhodey at the facility was not enough to life the man's spirits. The Stark breathed in anxiety, and out stress.

The message did little to help.

It was received in the middle of the night, erupting Tony's computers into loud rings and dire warnings. He had been half asleep standing over a portion of his nanotech suit, but with the help of Stephen- who had been perfectly awake and appeared to have been expecting the message- Tony opened it. He slapped himself awake as he read it, but the adrenaline rush that soon overpowered him left no need for any more caffeine.

It was from Wakanda, that was the first detail that Tony noticed. The message itself was brief, and lacked the usual eloquence that came with their exchanges. "An unidentified ship has entered Earth's atmosphere. Details unclear. Wakanda will be with you."

Tony paused, and re-read it. "Wait." He said, and vaguely reached out next to him, swiping at the air for Stephen, who stepped closer to allow Tony to grab him. "Is it Naomi?" Tony asked, gripping Stephen's arm without looking away from the message.

"No." Came Stephen's cool reply. Tony didn't bother to dissect the doctor's nonchalant attitude, and immediately made for the door.

"Shit!" Tony gasped, throwing open the doors to his lab and starting down the hallway, his pace growing quicker. "Shit, shit, shit!" He began to run. His mind was racing with the implications of what this alien spacecraft could mean- although there was really only one being that it could be. Tony didn't bother choosing a direction to run, but his muscle memory guided him down the corridors until he reached the 'heroes wing'. It was a stupid title, but fitting due to the fact that every superhero currently in the compound had a room in the same wing.

The first door Tony knocked on was Rhodey's, who immediately took note of Tony's distress. "Tony what the hell is-" Rhodey began to ask, his eyes drooped and his words thick with sleep.

"It's go time, come on." Tony nodded, slapping the doorframe and jumping to the next room. He continued in this manner until he had woken up every hero in the compound- although when it came to Bucky's door, he simply banged on it a few times without bothering to say anything. Stephen had arrived at some point, and quietly guided everyone to remain in the hallway. Natasha and Bucky were wide awake, their past lives leading to violent reactions when they were woken up. Natasha had pulled a knife out of her pillow when Tony started banging on her door. Steve and Sam stood at attention, although their heavy eyelids betrayed their grogginess.

"Tony what's happening?" Steve asked, fighting off a yawn. Clearly, he was numb to Tony's erratic behavior and wasn't all that alarmed.

"Thanos is happening, go suit up." Tony ordered, and started back in the direction of his lab. Steve grabbed his arm preventing the man from moving away.

"You need to explain, Tony. What happened to the prophet, uh, Nayeli?"

"Her name is Naomi ." Tony asserted, shoving the super soldier away. "And I don't know , okay?" His voice rose, nerves slowly getting the best of the man as he started to remember why he had such a big fallout with the captain. "Happy now!?"

Naomi know "Tony, calm down." Rhodey soothed, approaching the billionaire slowly as if he was dangerous. Tony rolled his eyes and continued out, this time stopped by no one. Rhodey followed after him with a moment's hesitation and a sigh.

"Steve?" Bucky spoke up, now that Tony was safely out of earshot. Bucky didn't know where exactly he stood with the man, but he wasn't too interested to find out. Steve turned to face his friend, and surveyed his team with a hard look.

"Let's follow Tony for now. Suit up."

With a light chorus of grumbles, the heroes complied and shuffled back into their rooms to get changed. Once he was alone in the hall, Stephen took a deep breath, and made a final glance around to ensure that no one was watching. Once he was certain he was alone, the wizard raised his hands in front of him, and with one arm made a small, circular motion. Before him, a spinning portal grew larger until he could view the room it led into. Solid, metal walls and a singular pedestal in the center. All Stephen had to do was take a confident step forward, and he entered the room.

It was small and felt cramped, as though it hadn't been meant to contain a person. In truth, the room hadn't. There were no doors, no windows, and no air vents. As soon as it had been constructed, the walls had been sealed clean shut and barricaded until it could withstand a nuclear blast. Tony Stark had constructed it in secrecy, and he had made a good job of hiding it from all others save for himself.

But what Tony did not know was that Stephen Strange never slept. Not anymore. In lieu of wasting his time dreaming, the sorcerer astral projected during the night and waited for his body to recharge on its own. The only times he allowed himself unconsciousness was when he truly needed it. It was a useful ability that had allowed him to observe the Stark as he built the vault, and make note of the location for later use. Because the vault was built for one purpose, and one purpose alone.

The Tesseract.

Now in the room with it, Stephen was able to admire the cube in person. He had seen it hundreds of thousands of times in his visions, but in person it appeared differently. The shifting hues and soft electric crackle hinted at the great power stored within. The cube was the only source of light in the room, washing Stephen in it's soft blue light. He didn't waste his time staring, however.

Slowly, he opened the Eye of Agamotto, allowing the Time Stone's green glow to to cast over the Tesseract. With a deep breath, he prepared himself. Steadying his hands, Stephen activated the Time Stone, and began the arduous process of reversing time on the Tesseract. He knew what great risks were associated with it, but according to his visions, the process had to be under gone. The Tesseract was a thing of mystery, and left Stephen with countless unanswered questions as he stole away years of age from the device. The cube showed little change, however, and as the minutes dragged on into hours, the sorcerer began to doubt if the task was even possible. With no feasible way to break the cube containing the stone within, Stephen could only hope to revert it back to when the cube was formed around it.

Sweat dripped down his brow and the edges of his vision blurred, but Stephen held his position steadfast. A long, translucent crystal appeared in the room, breaking the light into refracted rainbows. Stephen didn't spare it a glance and focused harder on the cube, doubling his efforts with a tight grimace. The crystals multiplied, swiftly filling half the room, and enriching on Stephen's limited space. The air grew thicker, and began to taste tainted to the sorcerer. The blurred edges of his vision crept in to the center. His breaths came in ragged gasps, and the man hunched over on himself, pressing up against the pedestal and the crystals enclosed on him. Stephen shut his eyes, and gave one final push.

In an instant, the cube was gone- a small blue stone lying prone on the pedestal. The crystals retreated, and the man slumped to the floor, the Eye closing as he released the Time Stone's power.

He looked up, and his vision gradually cleared as his energy began to restore itself. After a few tedious moments, he was able to stand, squinting down at the stone. A simple spell was all that he needed, and after a few hand motions the Space Stone was in the sorcerer's possession.





68. Disturbing





The Wakandan jet arrived just as the sun rose over the facility. With the sky illuminated, the gathered heroes could look up and see a dark spot in the sky, slowly growing larger. Thanos's ship was incoming, and could not be ignored by team Cap, or any of the heroes. Somehow, Wanda and Vision had been convinced into joining the fight, arriving along with the Wakandans. Vision, however, lacked the stone in his forehead, and a small, red gem remained where it once had been. According to the princess Shuri, Vision's procedure had gone well, and Wanda had been able to destroy the Mind Stone, leaving its ashes scattered in the forest. Steve thought that the destruction of one of the stones would automatically prevent Thanos's victory, but Tony mumbled something about time, and dismissed the super soldier.

"Our ship does not have the same technology that my lab contains." Shuri spoke to Tony, the pair speed walking toward the facility. The other heroes hesitantly followed, throwing glances at the ominous dot in the sky as they went. "I will need access to your facilities, Mister Iron Man." She finished, ending on a note of sarcasm. The young woman's sense of humor should have stood out in contrast to the dire situation, however it did not seem forced, or even out of place in her youthful voice.

Tony appreciated the small joke, and allowed a tired laugh to escape his lips. "You know, you remind me of someone Princess." He smiled, crossing over the facility threshold and rounding the corner toward his lab. Shuri kept pace, and her spirits seemed to lift in response to Tony's comment. She appreciated the more light-hearted tone that the man was willingly to take on.

"I hope it is someone good." She smirked, crossing her arms. Tony nodded quietly, a small smile lingering on his face. However his features slowly fell, as if a painful memory was dawning upon him.

"Yeah. But she's far away." He sighed, and in that moment the casual banter dissipated. Shuri fell silent, surprised, and saddened by his shift in mood. her arms fell to her sides, and promptly clasped behind her back.

"I would like to meet this person one day, then." She offered, speaking softly. Her voice fell into a maturity that one so young should not have. A huff of air fell from Tony's lips, and he forced himself to cut the melancholy act. He didn't want to depress the smartest person in the world.

"I'll make sure you will." Tony nodded, his voice firm. Beside him, Shuri nodded and her features shifted to share his look of determination.

Walking behind the pair of geniuses, T'Challa maintained an air of grave formality. To his right was Okoye, who shared his disposition, and to his left strode Steve Rogers and Sam Wilson. The group was silent as they wound through the facility hallways, having already cleared any necessary introductions. Silence, however, was not the Falcon's forte.

"So I think Tony just adopted your sister." Sam commented, his face and voice both deceptively serious. The others started slightly at his abrupt comment, everyone tightly wound in anticipation of battle. Steve blanched at his teammate's informal speech, and nudged him in the side and shot him a look. Remember that you're talking to a king , he conveyed silently. Sam rolled his eyes, and was rewarded with a small, appreciative grunt from T'Challa.

Remember that you're talking to a king "Shuri can take care of herself. But perhaps you are right." The king spoke, his manner edging the line between formal and casual without crossing into other section. His eyes remained dead ahead, but if Sam strained his eyes, he thought he could see the edges of T'Challa's lips perking up.

"'Course I'm right." Sam nodded, playing up to the king's somber attitude. "So did you bring your cat suit?" He asked. Steve physically winced, and shoved Sam's shoulder in an attempt to get him to shut up. But Sam quickly shoved him away, still waiting for a reaction from the king. Giving up, Steve fell a few steps behind to escape the situation before Sam ended up offending royalty and starting a war. As he trailed back, Steve caught the eyes of Okoye. She turned her head around for a moment to send him a questioning look that was nothing short of scathing, before turning her attention back to her king. Steve felt intimidated, and forgot about Thanos for a second.

"If you are referring to the Black Panther suit that hails from Wakandan tradition, then yes, I brought it." T'Challa replied to Sam, one eye brow twitching up. His diplomatic image was wearing thin- Sam wasn't entirely sure if he was amusing or annoying the King, but he didn't care enough to shut up. "May I assume that you have also brought your necessary equipment?" Up ahead, Tony and Shuri turned into the lab, the rest of the group close behind. As T'Challa and Sam entered the room, the king finished his remark.

"You wear I believe, a Big Bird costume?"

Sam Wilson stilled in shock, mouth slightly agape as he grinned at the king of Wakanda, who continued walking into the lab with Okoye at his side. The warrior gave a look of tired disapproval at T'Challa, but Sam could swear that the cat-based hero was smiling. He would have continued after the man, but Sam was quickly towed away by Steve and the rest of his team.

The rest of the superheroes shuffled into the lab and broke up into groups, speaking in hushed tones as both Tony and Shuri darted around his equipment. The environment was quiet, but buzzed with activity until Bucky, who had been largely close-mouthed until that point, raised a question.

"How do we know this is Thanos?" He called out, after his inquiry had failed to have been answered by his team. The room fell deadly quiet for a second. Tony stopped in his tracks, and stared at the world war veteran as if he had forgotten he existed. Thankfully, Shuri stepped in to answer.

"Technically, we don't." She shrugged grimly. "But we," she nodded toward her brother, "were given a warning that Thanos would approach soon. It's logical that the ship is his."

"Wait, what?" Tony whipped around to her. "Who warned you? Was it Naomi?"

"No." Shuri frowned, clearly confused by Tony's response. "A man named Strange contacted us, I thought you knew. The message was sent from this location."

Tony's face grew troubled, and the heroes waited with bated breath for his response. Tony was the only one among them who had spent any large amount of time with the elusive sorcerer, and thus they had assumed that Stark trusted the man. But the revelation that Strange had sent a message to Wakanda without Tony's knowledge was nothing short of disturbing. Now was not the time for secrets.

"Where is Strange?" Tony asked suddenly, ignoring as Shuri darted off to respond to an alert on a screen. "Where the hell is he?" No one responded.

"He's almost here." Shuri shouted, her expression straining as she typed furiously on the screen. She seemed to be frustrated with its response time, even though it appeared instantaneous to the rest of the company. "The ship will land soon."

Everyone looked to Tony. He noticed this, and straightened his posture. Those positioned close to him heard a short sigh from the man.

"If you aren't already, get dressed. It's show time."





69. I'm Sorry





The ship touched down on the field as the sun rose over the grass. It was massive- mechanical and foreboding. The gathered Avengers refused to bat an eye, however. Each of them stood ready, dressed to the nines in their battle gear. The rest of the SHEILD employees had been evacuated an hour earlier. They were prepared for bloodshed.

However when the circular ship's doors opened, and its inhabitants exited, their aura was nothing if not diplomatic. The first out was a hunched, gray-skinned alien with a flat face, and a nonexistent nose. Tony recognized him as Ebony Maw, and sent a thank you to Naomi for her vigorous rundown on all things pertaining to Thanos. The rest of the Black Order followed after Maw, dressed in battle armor, balancing weapons on their shoulders or striking them into the ground.

The Avengers were silent, and Tony heard his breath echoing around the interior of his helmet.

Thanos stepped out last, his plated armor gleaming under the sun. His helmet obscured some of his features, casting a large shadow over his face- but Tony could still make out his purple panini of a chin. On the Titan's left hand, the infinity gauntlet. It contained no stones.

"Tony." Steve said under his breath, standing steady next to the iron man and surveying his opponents.

"Big purple one." Tony replied, and stepped forward, singling himself out as the leader. Strange was still nowhere to be found.

After a silent moment, Thanos wordlessly advanced, his followers stepping out of his path. He stopped a few feet away from the Stark, and removed his helmet. The Titan's tight-lipped, diplomatic smile sickened Tony, and the rest of the Avengers.

"Tony Stark." Thanos spoke, his deep voice easily carrying over the field. Tony took a deep breath, and attempted not to think of the destruction the alien standing before him could bring.

"You know me?" Tony's response was lackluster- he had been warned by Naomi that Thanos may already know of him.

"I do. You're not the only one cursed with knowledge." Thanos said, his tone cordial. Even though the 'mad Titan' had made no moves to suggest a violent intent, Tony found himself afraid. Thanos was different from other foes that they had faced- and defeated- over the years. His eyes were intelligent, and instead of madness Tony found reason. It frightened him, because from the instant Thanos removed his helmet Tony saw a piece of himself reflected in the man's eyes. Thanos had committed himself to a fate he believed to be right, in every sense of the word. And that made him all the more dangerous.

"I have not come with the intent to fight against you." Thanos said, narrowing his eyes at the sea of warriors who stood braced to attack. The Black Order behind him was just as poised, however. A pin drop could set off either side, and not even Naomi would know what would happen if they began ripping at each other's throats.

"I know what you're here for." Tony spat, the suit giving his voice a mechanical edge- but the anger in it was entirely organic.

"Then we may negotiate." The purple Titan's false smile dropped, and his face fell into something more sinister. He was confident, even if the gauntlet had no stones.

Tony started to reply, planning on telling the raisin-chinned alien exactly where he could stick his gauntlet. However they were interrupted. A small, spinning circle appeared in the air, growing larger as Tony reeled in disbelief. From the portal stepped Stephen Strange. His skin was pale and drained of color, his eyes bloodshot. The golden ring closed behind the sorcerer, and with baited breath Tony noticed that the man's hands were shaking more than usual. However when Strange spoke, his voice was clear as day.

"Thanos, I've come to bargain."

The Mad Titan surveyed him, and spoke. "The infamous Dr. Strange. It is a pleasure." His face said the opposite however, as the alien regarded Stephen darkly.

"Strange." Tony barked, his heartbeat increasingly exponentially as he realized that his trust for the doctor was waning fast. Stephen ignored his call.

"I have an offer for you." Stephen spoke. Thanos narrowed his eyes, and Ebony Maw quickly scampered to his side, whispering in his ear with a shrewd expression. Similarly, Steve leaned in toward Tony.

"What's happening, Tony?" Steve's voice was curt, and rushed. Tony wished he had an answer.

"Proceed." Thanos's voice boomed, and with a nod to Stephen the doctor began to speak.

"You, along with your followers will evacuate Earth immediately," The Black Order scoffed and spat at the ground. Thanos quieted them with a wave of his ungloved hand. Stephen continued, "For the exchange of the Space Stone."

Hushed, muttered curses swept through the Avengers, and several of them considered turning their intent for battle onto the sorcerer they had once trusted. Tony pressed his lips into a thin line, and felt his knees go weak. He wanted to trust Stephen's decision so badly- but everything stacked against the man. Tony was supposed to be the only one who knew where the Tesseract even was, and somehow Stephen had stolen it from under his nose. Naomi had claimed him to be trustworthy, but Tony had a kid to think about. He needed to win against Thanos.

"The Space Stone is but one of three infinity stones located on Earth." Thanos glowered, staring down at the sorcerer. The deal was not accepted.

"I haven't finished." Stephen sighed, a hint of hesitation slipping into his tone. "I will give you the Space Stone, and," He breathed, " the location of the Prophet, who will lead you to the Soul Stone."

"No!" Tony growled, but his feet stayed rooted in place. His mind raced with every possibility of what Strange's avenge could possibly be.

"I see." Thanos mused, and he smiled at Stephen. It was a different expression than the polite one he had entered with- this smile was haunting. "I accept."

"Tony!" Steve urged, but the Stark stood fast. The Avengers looked amongst themselves, anxious to prevent the sorcerer from betraying them, but unwilling to ignite the bloody conflict.

Uninterrupted, Stephen pulled a small, glowing stone from the air. Thanos grinned widely at the sight of it. Strange crossed to him, and allowed the stone to be sucked into the gauntlet, its power quickly coursing through Thanos. The Mad Titan grinned, and his eyes were alight with victory.

"Take me to the Prophet." He commanded. The Black Order filed back into the ship, the Avengers unable to stop them. Stephen kept his head held high as he followed Thanos toward its gaping doors. The Titan crossed the threshold, his only hesitation a parting promise that he would return to Earth. It sent a chill through the heroes.

"Stephen." Tony called, and the sorcerer turned toward him. He was too far to make out his exact expression, but the man's shoulders slumped, and still his hands shook at his sides.

"Tony." The doctor sighed, his voice laden with guilt. "I'm sorry."





70. Lead Me





The ship was quiet, the air only filled with the customary creaks and shakes, and low, muttered dialogue throughout the ship's inhabitants. Naomi, Gamora, and Peter Quill had been surprisingly successful in finding Nebula, who had gone with them willingly. It seemed that hers and Gamora's relationship had mended to the point that the blue woman trusted that her sister had no malicious intents.

As such, she was not handcuffed or restrained in any way, which include her speech. As soon as Nebula had been introduced to Naomi, or 'The Prophet' as she was apparently known throughout space, she had taken to thinly veiled interrogation. Presently, Naomi and Nebula were stood on opposite sides of the ships common area, where Gamora and Peter also maintained watch over both of them. The tension in the room was unmasked, and the only dialogue that flowed freely and casually was between Gamora and Peter, who whispered in hushed tones.

Naomi was growing increasingly uncomfortable, due to both Nebula's intensive questioning and the lack of anyone else on the ship. The Guardians new vessel- the Benatar- was currently 'parked' in the middle of space as they waited for the rest of the heroes to arrive. Naomi was confident in their abilities to retrieve the stones each team had been assigned to, but the very real danger Thanos presented made her anxious. As amazing as it was to spend time with the Guardians of the Galaxy- however tense it was- Naomi ultimately wanted to return to Earth and the other Avengers. It had been too long since she had seen Tony, and a strange sense of foreboding had gripped Naomi since she had left with Gamora and Peter.

One might've said that it truly was a prophetic sense that made Naomi anxious, because not long after the four had settled into the ship, a cloud erupted in the middle of the room.

It was a unique mixture of blue and gray, and Naomi recognized it immediately. The Space Stone had been taken.

The Guardians immediately tensed for battle, but Naomi stayed stock-still as she got her first real look at the villain she had been conspiring against. His head nearly brushed the ceiling, his stature enormous and imposing. To add, the Titan was sporting familiar golden armor, though his helmet was missing. He was alone, and turned away from Naomi. He was also turned away from Nebula.

The second adopted daughter from Thanos spent a mere millisecond to assessing the situation, then took immediate action. To Naomi's eyes, it seemed as though a knife suddenly appeared in Nebula's hand, pulled from some mysterious place- or perhaps it was a part of her. She took two running leaps across the metal floor and- vaulting herself upward- aimed immediately for his neck. He had been ready, however, and quickly blocked the blow with his right hand, the knife digging into armor instead of flesh. He cast Nebula off of him with a harsh shove, but was immediately faced with both Gamora and Peter, armed with a sword and gun respectively.

"Stand down." Gamora commanded her father. Thanos nodded toward her, and raised his hands in a sign of peace. Nebula raised herself from the floor, and joined her sister's side with a fresh knife, pulled once more from thin air. Naomi remained still, leaned against the wall behind Thanos exactly as she had been when he arrived. The Hulk's and Valkyrie's combat training would amount to nothing here, and she did not attempt to attack.

"I come in peace, daughter." The Mad Titan spoke, and both sisters flinched at the word. "I come..." Thanos turned around slowly. "For the Prophet."

His eyes were cold and calculating as he looked at Naomi.

She had known that it was a possibility Thanos would find her before they could return to Earth. She had even taken precautions for it, instructing Gamora to allow Naomi to go with Thanos to Vormir if the occasion arose. But the actual reality of facing him was not something she had prepared herself enough for.

The first thing she felt was an encompassing fear as she stared back into his eyes. Her muscles clenched in anticipation, and already adrenaline was flooding her system. To distract, her eyes wandered to his left hand, where infinity gauntlet remained. Only the Space Stone was in the gauntlet, and this eased Naomi's mind slightly. When she looked back to his face, his expression was expectant.

She thought about Tony. Her eyes drifted behind Thanos, where Nebula, Gamora, and Peter stood, staring back at her with intensity. She thought about Peter, and Loki.

Naomi's fear turned into something else, a mix of emotions that allowed her to look back into Thanos's eyes an speak to the Mad Titan.

"I thought you'd be taller."

In the background, Peter snorted, and Nebula cracked an approving smirk. Gamora continued to stare at Naomi and the unmoving figure of her father. Thanks frowns at the comment, but the expression was quickly smoothed over.

"You know of me." It was not a question. "I, too, have heard about the Prophet Naomi Swanson." Thanos said, his tone deceptively casual. "Your friend Strange was very... generous with information." He smiled. Naomi's eyes narrowed, glaring at Thanos. She was unsure what had transpired between Stephen and Thanos that the doctor would have given him information on her, but she ignored the matter for time being. He was trying to raise a reaction from her, and he failed. Naomi trusted Stephen.

"Let's cut the bullshit. What are you here for?" Naomi asked, crossing her arms. Although she had to tilt her head upwards to look him in the eyes, her gaze stayed resilient.

"The location of the Soul Stone." He stated, and unknown to him, his adopted daughters tensed behind him, and shared a look.

"Of course." Naomi said curtly. Her heart hammered, and it took a second to force her legs to move. Slowly, under the gaze of everyone on the ship, she approached a small bag leaned against the far wall. As she opened it, Peter stepped forward with outrage.

"You're just giving it to him!?" He asked incredulously, his gun still aimed at Thanos's head. Gamora stepped toward him quickly, and yanked him backwards by his shirt. This drew Thanos's attention, and he turned to face his favorite daughter.

giving "A pity you were never able to locate the stone." He spoke, and his tone betrayed his real thoughts. He knew that Gamora was hiding its location from him. Naomi sensed this, and cut him off before he could speak further.

you "Hey." She barked, her bag dumped on the ground as she held what she had been looking for. Her phone, carried with her throughout every step of her journey, the secrets of the Marvel dimension packed inside if one could just connect it to wifi. It was a precious source of information, and Naomi tossed it carelessly to Gamora, who caught it in one hand without blinking. "Take that to Tony Stark." Naomi instructed. Gamora nodded, and pocketed the phone without sparing it a glance. The green woman's face was stoic, and it was clear she intended to allow Naomi to go with Thanos. But in her dark eyes, Naomi thought she detected a hint of respect.

"The Soul Stone." Thanos interrupted, impatience seeping into his words. Naomi nodded.

"It's on Vormir." She announced unceremoniously. His eyes narrowed at her tone, but he seemed to take her word.

"Lead me." He commanded, his lips pressing into a thin line. His face appeared impassive, but Naomi could see the corners of his mouth turned up in a quiet victory. She knew that his confidence was unfounded, and that he would be unable to acquire the stone if he was accompanied by Naomi and not Gamora. But Naomi did not rejoice in this, because from here on out her knowledge of the future grew clouded, and she knew she had to play what few cards she had left correctly for everyone to make it out alive.

Gravely, Naomi approached Thanos, and allowed him to place his hand upon her shoulder. The infinity gauntlet weighed on her heavily, and the blue glow of the Space Stone glowed brightly in the corner of her vision. It was so close that for a fleeting moment, the thought entered her mind of stealing the stone from him. But she knew that even touching the object of infinite power would eradicate her, so she shoved the thought away from her mind.

The last thing Naomi saw before the dark clouds of the Space Stone overtook her vision was Gamora's face. Her expression was clear, but her eyes were apologetic.





71. Smile





Peter Parker was nervous. He had received a message from Tony a few hours earlier, instructions to come to the Avengers facility. The text was vague, but Peter guessed it had something to do with the giant spaceship that had shown up on the news before Tony had called for him. Peter was aware of the situation at hand- or at least he thought he was. The teenager knew that there was an alien named Thanos who wanted to destroy half of everything, and that the Avengers were going to stop him. Somewhere in there was the strange woman he had run into- Naomi Swanson- who was apparently a prophet from another dimension. He might be fuzzy on the finer details, but Peter remembered Naomi well, and as he approached the doors of the Avengers facility in his Spiderman gear, he hoped that he would see her again inside.

It was a little awkward, walking into the reception. Peter craned his head around, but he couldn't sense anyone nearby, so he sent a hesitant text to Tony and started wandering. It might have been comical for some SHIELD employee passing by to see Spiderman tip-toeing around the halls, poking his head around corners and wishing the building had its own GPS out loud. But no one was around except for Peter.

But eventually, Peter stumbled upon faint voices, and as he grew closer to them they grew in volume. Following the noise, he found himself at the door of the facility's lounge, where he had been not too long ago with Naomi and the Asgardians. He could hear muffled yells of several people arguing- one of which he thought he recognized as Tony. Peter fidgeted outside the door, unsure if he was supposed to go inside or not. Tony had told him to come here, and it had been Peter's choice to join in whatever fight was happening, but the teen was still hesitant. He would have asked Karen what to do, but he didn't want whichever heroes where on the other side to hear him.

Eventually, there was a lull in the fighting, and the room fell into silence. Peter could feel tension rolling off of the door, but he ignored it, and summoned up the courage to knock. A few voices rose up, and fell away- the words unclear- before the door opened. Peter was greeted with the sight of Tony, but his relief at seeing the Stark quickly vanished once he took in the mans appearance.

Spiderman had never seen Tony Stark in anything other than a suit or his armor, so the disheveled T-Shirt and jeans he sported now were a shock. His hair was mussed, his beard looked rough and the bags under Tony's eyes were the most prominent Peter had ever seen them.

"Mr. Stark?" Peter asked, vaguely wanting to give the man a hug. Tony looked at him distantly, slowly coming back to his senses as he looked over the teenage superhero waiting to be allowed in. He smiled, but it was melancholic.

"Let him in, Tony." The command was curt, but Peter's view was blocked by the Stark and he could only see his mentors expression tense up at the voice. Tony moved out of the way, allowing Peter to see into the room. The lounge was filled to the brim with people, mostly heroes whom Peter recognized instantly, but some were strangers to him. They were dressed varyingly, some in casual clothes, others in full armor, and the rest in between. They spread across the room, taking up every available seat and yet still managing to segregate themselves into clearly defined groups. Peter tried very hard to keep his hands from shaking as Tony brought his arm around the teen's shoulder and led him inside. It was both nerve-wracking and exhilarating.

"Back off." Tony responded to the Captain, who Peter now realized was the one who ordered Tony to let him in. Steve was one of the few dressed in full gear- expect for his helmet. He was stood in the center of the room, his presence commanding and stern. He seemed nothing like the man who had recorded fitness tips for high schools. It was clear that the majority of the yelling match had been between him and Tony.

"Who is this?" Asked a deep voice. Peter turned to look at the King of Wakanda himself, another imposing figure in the room. Behind the king flanked a scary woman decked in full battle gear- Peter thought he could even see a spear or staff of some kind propped against the table beside her. On T'Challa's other side, a young girl stood in casual attire. Peter didn't recognize her, but she sent a kind smile and a wave his way. She couldn't see him smile back, but Peter returned the wave gratefully.

"A kid." Sam answered, regarding Peter with clear recognition in his eyes.

"Tony." Steve interrupted, striding toward the genius with a scalding gaze. "You can't keep pulling this kind of stuff without telling us." Tony's arm around Peter gripped him tighter. Steve ignored it and continued, approaching the two. "Go home, kid." Steve said, reaching out to clap Peter on the shoulder.

Tony shoved Cap's hand away with his free arm. Peter couldn't see Tony's face, but he could sense the incredible tension between the two men- himself caught in the middle of it. With a light push, Tony sent Peter away in the direction of Rhoedy, who was likely one of the few people in the room he really trusted. But Peter was still a little nervous around the man literally called 'War Machine,' despite his polite smile at the teen.

The fighting picked back up between Steve and Tony, with occasional additions from the other heroes. Peter listened in silently, rocking on the heels of his feet and trying not to stare at the literal superheroes surrounding him. He didn't see Naomi anywhere however, which disappointed him a little. She had been strange, but he liked her. His saving grace was the teenage girl who waved at him earlier. She broke away from the King- something Peter considered bold- and approached him warmly, apparently unbothered by the loud arguing.

"My name is Shuri." She introduced herself with a grin, sticking her hand out for Peter to shake.

"Hey, I'm P- uh, Spiderman." He said, mentally kicking himself for the slip-up. She laughed as they shook hands, and Peter was inclined to laugh with her even if he didn't know what was so funny.

"Nice to meet you, Peter." Shuri smirked, breaking into laughter when the eyes on Peter's mask widened to a comical degree. He sputtered for a moment before they were both shushed, and Peter remembered how serious the meeting was. Shuri noticed his shift in attitude, and turned with him to observe the debate in the center of the room. He heard the name 'Strange' multiple times, and he perked up whenever Tony mentioned Naomi. But Steve- and several others- had offensive reactions to her name, and it often led to an increase in volume.

"Do you know what's going on?" Peter whispered to Shuri. She whispered back,

"Usually I do. But not so much now." Her face grew serious. "My brother is very worried, as am I."

"Who's your brother?"

Shuri jerked her head at the King of Wakanda, who was currently trying to calm the situation down with varying degrees of success. Peter's eyes grew to the size of saucers under his mask.

"Your brother is the King- " He wheezed, straining to keep his voice down. Shuri giggled, shushing him.

brother King- Across the room, Tony was distracted from Vision's argument about the validity of Naomi's claims- thankfully the synthetic man sided with Tony and believed that he was telling the truth, at least. Seeing the two kids laugh together in such a carefree manner pulled Tony away from the moment, and for a second he allowed himself to smile at their antics.

But then he remembered what he was fighting for- who he was fighting for, and he turned back to the conversation.

who





72. Wait





The Guardians ship- the Benatar- was quite accustomed to arguing. Very rarely was there a day in which there was no conflict between any of the ships inhabitants- most likely initiated by Rocket. However the yelling and frustration that filled the air on the Benatar as Thor, Loki, Bruce and Valkyrie returned from their excursion, Reality Stone in hand, was different.

As the team stepped out of the Asgardian craft and into the docking bay, they could hear distinctly several voices locked in heated debate, not screaming at one another but nearing it. Thor and Loki started immediately toward the noise, and Valkyrie and Bruce stepped after them, exchanging glances. The layout of the ship was simplistic in design, and it was not long until the group emerged into the central hub of the ship, just outside the cockpit. When they entered the room, the guardians fell quiet.

"What is going on?" Thor asked, staring intently over their faces. In his hands, the Reality Stone lay locked in an orb similar to that which held the Power Stone. In surveying the room, Thor could see that each mission had been successful, as a large metal cube of undoubtedly alien origin lay prone on a table, likely holding the Reality Stone inside, and the angry blue cyborg that Naomi's team had gone to rescue was standing in the room's center. The guardians did not answer his question however, as they exchanged cautious looks with each other. The blue woman- Nebula- glared at the group distastefully.

"Where is Naomi?" Loki demanded suddenly, having noticed that the brunette was missing from the room. Noticeably, Gamora tensed at the question. Loki's attention locked onto her, analyzing her face with intensity. Gamora, however, refused to cave under the pressure.

"She left." Nebula spat. Clearly, the woman harbored some resentment toward Naomi, and was unafraid to show it in front of her known allies. Loki stepped toward Nebula with a dark expression, however he was immediately yanked backward by Thor.

"You're lying!" Loki seethed. Nebula shifted into a battle stance, and with a flick, small blades emerged from slits in the metal just above her wrist. Loki countered with blades of his own, summoned out of thin air with his magic. With calls for both parties to calm down, Thor handed the orb off to Bruce, and firmly grasped Loki's arms, forcing him to keep the knives angled down at his sides. Loki allowed himself to be restrained, but the hatred in his eyes remained stagnant.

"Where is Naomi?" Bruce stepped forward, one hand out in front of him in a diplomatic gesture, the other clutching the reality stone securely to his chest. He kept his tone polite, but one could notice the fear in his voice if they listened well. Valkyrie hovered near the scientist, acutely aware of the tense atmosphere. Her hand rested on the pommel of the sword fastened to her hip, and appeared to send a message to the guardians not to try anything.

"She left with Thanos." Gamora revealed, her voice and face equally stoic. "Willingly."

"Thanos was here!?" Loki gasped, posture falling slack. His knives clattered to the floor. Thor kept his hands on his brother's arms, not out of caution, but out of support.

"She's leading him straight to the Soul Stone." Peter grunted, stepping forward next to Gamora.

"I'm sure that she isn't, okay?" Bruce mediated. As he spoke, he slowly walked into the center of the room, into the space that divided the two groups. However as he inched closer to the guardians, Valkyrie reached out and, keeping one hand on her sword, pulled Bruce closer to her, Thor and Loki. The act signaled the strain in the air, and the present danger of a fight breaking out. "Let's just figure this out-" Bruce continued, but was cut off by a crude remark from Rocket.

"You had a dirty prophet, okay? So are we getting paid now, or later?" The raccoon implored, carelessly glossing over Naomi's disappearance. Rocket was quickly shushed by Peter, but the damage had already been done. Bruce and Valkyrie's heads snapped toward the God of Mischief as Thor's grip on the man tightened. The silence was palpable.

"Thor." Loki hissed. "Let me go." Thor's response was only to pull against Loki, attempting to drag him away from the offending rodent. The God of Thunder could not see his brothers face, but the underlying rage in his voice and the tension in his body conveyed an emotion that Thor had only seen on Loki a select few times.

"Brother." He whispered under his breath, hoping that Loki would not do something drastic as a response. From the floor, the daggers flew back into Loki's fists, and the guardians all reached for a weapon. From the back of the room, Drax muscled his way to the forefront, his fists empty but clenched all the same.

"I do not fear the green man." Drax announced, crudely referring to Loki base on his outfit choice. "No offense, Gamora."

"The audacity of you people." Loki cursed, eyes ablaze with anguish and disbelief. "She placed her trust in you..." He took a ragged breath. Valkyrie drew out her sword and pulled Bruce behind her. "AND YOU PAWNED HER OFF TO THANOS AT THE FIRST OPPORTUNITY!" Loki roared, breaking away from Thor as three identical clones separated from him, each bearing knives and wild expressions.

"Wait!" Gamora exclaimed, her sword at the ready but her free hand extended in a peaceful gesture. "Wait."

Loki halted in his attack, each clone slowly turning its head toward her in unison. All four expressions dared her to speak about Naomi, promising that his rage would be unrelenting if she slandered the woman's name now.

"I trust Naomi." Gamora declared boldly, earning her several incredulous stares from her own teammates. "She went with Thanos in my place." The Loki's sucked in a breath, all turning fully towards Gamora.

"You condemned her, so that you could live?" Loki questioned, the three clones disappearing. His grievance was personal now, Gamora being the sole recipient of his fury.

condemned you "She told me things-" Gamora began to explain, lowering her sword.

"She told everyone things." Valkyrie interrupted, pointedly keeping her own blade unsheathed and prepared for action. Gamora hesitated for a moment, sensing the desperation of the situation. Beside her, Peter mumbled 'Gamora?' under his breath.

"Naomi made it clear that if Thanos found us, I should let her go with him." She countered, glancing over the prophet's teammates warily. It was clear that they had not been informed of this.

"What?" Bruce asked, nervously handing off the Reality Stone to Thor.

"When I spoke to her alone, she said that if Thanos took me to the Stone, he would win." The green woman explained. The look on Loki's face shifted, fell from its anger. Slowly, he stalked toward Gamora. Peter tried to step in front, to defend her, but she simply shoved him out of the way and allowed Loki to approach. His hands were still wrapped around the daggers, just as Gamora still held her sword, but neither moved to attack. Loki's expression was quieter, and though hints of anger lingered, his eyes filled with unwilling pain. It was with great effort that Loki spoke.

"How... how would he win?" He demanded, lips pressed tight and eyes wide. Seeing the man before her brought to such anguish, Gamora suddenly despised her decision to allow Thanos to steal Naomi away. But she could not change the past.

"She said that he would kill me." Gamora said. The room took a collective intake of breath at the harrowing revelation, but Gamora hardly heard them. She couldn't stand to tear her attention away from the God standing before her. The expression on Loki's face was devastating.





73. Equals





The planet of Vormir was barren, devoid of any life. Small pools dotted the land, but Naomi paid no mind to them. Her feet remained steady on the shifting dirt and rubble of the land. If she faltered, she bit her tongue, but never vocalized it. In front of her, the giant form of Thanos led the way, weaving a path through the terrain toward the only notable feature of the planet, the mountain. Its spires stretched into the foreboding clouds. The planet was unforgiving, suited to the Mad Titan hell-bent on reaching the peak.

Naomi kept her eyes trained to the ground, and tried not to think of what laid ahead. There was no conversation between her and Thanos. He never looked back to check if she was following, not that she had any other option. She focused on her breathing, shoved the burning in her lungs and thighs into the back of her head. Pain could wait, but Thanos could not.

When they reached the summit, Naomi allowed herself a breath. The air tasted sickly and metallic, fitting for the bleak ruins of whatever structure had once sat upon the mountain. Still behind Thanos, his figure obscured her view beyond a few feet in front of her. However, the ruins hallway was straight and narrow, and when Thanos trudged ever onward, she caught a glimpse of the cliff. The sudden drop off was a harrowing sight, but it was necessary for Naomi. Following Thanos felt like a march toward her own death, that perhaps she would completely take Gamora's place and be cast into the open air herself.

Naomi had never forgotten what her journey was for. Everything she had been through thus far, was to prevent the victory of Thanos, and all the deaths that entailed. But somewhere along the way, she had gotten involved with the heroes she had admired for so long in her own home. Companions from all walks of life, and somehow, she had even found love in this dark hour. Perhaps it was foolish, but Naomi Swanson was only human. Meeting her beloved heroes face to face had only solidified her resolve, her certainty that none of them deserved to die, or suffer through the tragedy of the infinity war. It was an experience she would never regret. Not for all the world.

But despite that, Naomi had a life too. She knew that she didn't deserve to die either, and for what it was worth, she didn't want to. Naomi had a new life here, and she had an old life too. Despite her focus on stopping the war, Naomi still hoped to return to her own dimension one day. Her family deserved to know she was alright. But each step she took after Thanos felt like one foot in the grave. A gust of air blew into her face, and some deep, twisted part of Naomi's brain imagined that it was the wind, ripping at her clothes as she tumbled through the air. If she died here, the last thing Naomi would see would be the face of Thanos. She knew he would not be mournful of her death.

He would, however, be mournful of Gamora's death. He would cry for her.

It made Naomi sick.

With every new hero she met, there had been an immense realization at how alive they were. They were not actors on a screen, but real people with emotions and relationships and passions. Realizing that only made thinking about their inevitable deaths if she didn't succeed tremendously harder.

alive Having met Gamora, having seen the quiet fury and pain behind her eyes, the trained grace in her posture- Naomi could imagine the woman's face as she was cast off the cliff in staggering detail. The image was haunting, but it was a necessary realization. Keeping her eyes trained on the ground, she forced herself to imagine the faces of every fallen hero, their expressions just before they fell limp in death, or crumbled into ash.

Naomi's heart ached painfully, and she thought she might cry. But when the last face slipped from her imagination, she raised her head. Her eyes bored deep into the back of Thanos's head, and she froze for a moment. If he realized she had stopped, the Mad Titan did not acknowledge it. Naomi stared at him for several seconds, his figure advancing toward the cliff. Her eyes darted from him, to the drop, and back.

Several large steps brought Naomi in pace with the Titan, walking abreast with him in the ancient and broken corridor. She didn't spare him a glance.

When the Red Skull revealed himself to them, he gazed upon the two. Side by side, they not only stood as equals, but he noticed that their eyes were the same too. Saddened, perhaps, but the fires alight in them burned with indistinguishable passion.

"Welcome Thanos, son of Alars. Welcome Naomi, daughter of The Watchers."





74. Hardest Choices





Naomi was, undoubtedly, confused by the Watchers comment. But the situation before her demanded her complete attention, and she had no time to analyze it.

"You know us?" Thanos asked.

"It is my curse to know all who journey here." The Red Skull said. Naomi stood still, holding the floating figure's gaze whenever it fell onto her.

"Where is the Soul Stone?" Thanos's voice tightened, patience wearing thin.

"You should know... it extracts a terrible price." Red Skull answered, a warning that Naomi knew would do little good. The price was Gamora, perhaps the only person Thanos loved. But it wasn't real love. Naomi was quite certain the Titan wasn't capable of it.

"I am prepared." He straightened, thinking himself worthy of retrieving the Stone. Naomi looked at his profile, eyes narrowed. She stood next to an arrogant fool, but a dangerous one at that. She had to tread lightly.

"We all think that at first. We are all wrong."

Naomi stared harder at Thanos. She could see his expression shift at Red Skull's words, but not to caution. His eyes dared Red Skull to get in his way, and promised that he would crush any obstacle in his path to the Soul Stone. Including his daughter.

They were silent until they reached the structures edge, the steep drop off that served as the sacrificial point. When Thanos and Red Skull began to speak again, Naomi did not pay attention. She walked to the edge, though her movements were hesitant. The carvings on the stone under her feet were drawn with cold precision, the half circle stamped into the ground gave no hint of passion in its creation. Only desolate purpose. The center of the ring was cut out, leaving another half circle waiting to be completed, a sick puzzle only achieved by staring directly down the cliff side. Naomi obliged, and toed the edge as she stared down. The missing half of the circle was clear to her, though it seemed miles away. But it brought a small sense of comfort that the stone below was clean, without a trace of green blood spilt.

Naomi turned away, jet set tightly.

"What you seek lies in front of you." Red Skull explained, though Thanos was the sole amount them who did not understand the sacrifice needed. "As does what you fear."

"What's this?" Thanos asked. Naomi evaluated him, the gauntlet catching her eye. She had already known that Thanos only possessed the Space Stone thus far, but the reminder of his limited power was a small victory for Naomi. He did not have nearly the amount of power he had by this point in Infinity War, and it was guaranteed that he would not achieve the Soul Stone now.

"The price." Naomi answered. Thanos's gaze flickered to her, and held her there in scrutiny. Naomi folded her arms and stared back. She would be lying if she said she wasn't intimidated, but there wasn't a chance in hell she would let Thanos think she was afraid of him.

"Soul holds a special place among the Infinity Stones." Red Skull said.

"You might say it has a certain... wisdom." Naomi hissed. The pleasure she normally took from her 'prophetic' party tricks was absent now. The company here left no room for amusement or jest. The very planet was so strict and barren, it seemed to forbid her usual light-hearted nature.

"Tell me what it needs." Thanos demanded, speaking now to Naomi. She rose to the challenge, stepping toward him, head tilted up defiantly.

"The Stone demands a sacrifice ." She seethed, "In order to take it, you must lose that which you love." Thanos looked down at her, then to the cliff. His expression darkened as realization dawned on him. He and Naomi shared a thought then, the same name appearing in their head.

sacrifice "A soul-" The Red Skull began.

"For a Soul." Naomi finished.

Thanos fell silent. He walked to the edge, shoulders hunched. Naomi maintained her focus on him, as Red Skull would be no threat. It was a long time before anyone spoke.

"You knew of this." Thanos stated. He turned to Naomi, eyes narrowed in suspicion. She straightened, then mentally reprimanded herself for doing so. No signs of fear. She nodded. The Titan's face twisted into anger, he stalked away from the edge and toward her. Naomi rooted herself to the spot, and prepared to take a desperate leap of faith.

"It doesn't matter." She appealed, stopping Thanos in his tracks. "Because you don't love Gamora."

"Insolence does not suit you, Prophet ." Thanos rumbled, eyes boring down upon her as he resumed his advance. Naomi hated herself for taking a step backwards.

Prophet "Don't you see?" She held out her hand, gesturing to the cliff behind him earnestly. "You already proven it to be true- your love for Gamora is a sick lie." Naomi's words were traced with passion, even as she fought to keep her voice monotone. Perhaps spending so much time with the trickster god had worn off on her, for the lies began to come easily.

"You know me as a prophet, do you not?" Naomi asked, breathing harder as she stared up at his towering figure.

"I know you as only a universal gossip." Thanos spat, impatience mixed with contempt on his face like paint on a canvas. Naomi hesitated for a moment, mind racing to find the best possible path to ensure her safety, and Gamora's. She looked to Red Skull, imploring him to answer her question.

"Her knowledge extends beyond that of the Watchers, though I know not of where it came." He revealed, only serving to muddle Naomi's thoughts. Information on the Watchers appeared in her brain, distracting her from the lie she was attempting to craft for Thanos. She forced herself to ignore the Red Skull's words, and cast her limited knowledge on the alien race that he spoke of to the back of her mind. "If Naomi Swanson is not a prophet," he continued, "then I know not what she is."

As confusing as the Red Skull's input was, it appeared to convince Thanos of Naomi's credibility, if only partially. He surveyed her with anger still, but she saw caution in the lines of his face. Thus, Naomi continued. "I have seen this before. I have watched you cast your favorite daughter over the cliffside." She revealed. Thanos's posture sunk slightly. "And it was all for naught." Naomi took a step toward him, then another. Thanos stood his ground, and watched her with a stormy gaze.

"Because the Stone did not present itself to you." Naomi lied. "How could it, when you did not fulfill its sacrifice?"

"Because the Stone did not present itself to you." "Then what , Prophet, does it require of me?" Thanos fumed. Out the corner of her eye, Naomi could see his hands ball into fists.

what "You do not understand me. You cannot fulfill the sacrifice, because you love nothing, no one." She whispered, her voice pitying as though she were explaining it to a child. Naomi stepped toward him once more, standing a mere few feet apart. She craned her neck back to meet his eyes. "How could you possibly love Gamora, if you would choose the Stone over her?" Naomi implored, a foreign sense of betrayal seeping into her words.

cannot Thanos reeled backwards, gritting his teeth against the harsh sting of her silver tongue. His breath hissed between his teeth, the Space Stone glowing brighter in its socket for a millisecond. Naomi stilled. After a moment, Thanos did the same. "I do not expect you to understand, Prophet." He said. "The hardest choices-"

"Require the strongest wills." Naomi interrupted. "But sometimes the choices don't need to be made."

Thanos peered at her for several, tense seconds. He stalked toward her. Naomi didn't move. The Space Stone's light filled her vision as he extended the gauntlet toward her. She placed her hand on top of the gauntlet, accepting the Titan's silent invitation.

"To Earth." Thanos said. Despite herself, Naomi smiled.

"To Earth." She nodded, and allowed the blue-and-black smoke of the Space Stone to overtake her.





75. Civil War


-Clarification, these events take place at the same time as the chapters detailing Naomi and Thanos on Vormir-

-Clarification, these events take place at the same time as the chapters detailing Naomi and Thanos on Vormir-





Sam Wilson and Bucky Barnes walked side by side in quiet, contemplative silence. They had been sent by Steve to greet whatever newcomers had arrived on Earth, since halfway through the Avengers setting on what happened with Thanos, Shuri received another alert of an incoming spacecraft. The alert stalled the argument for a while, and forced the splintered group to stay intact until they figured out that it was not Thanos's ship returning. Tony had his suspicions, but nearing the end of the day, the man was too worn out to greet the newcomers himself. Thus, Bucky and Sam were sent out to settle things.





"What's going on?" Sam asked quietly, hands shoved in his pockets. Bucky shrugged in response, not used to the more serious side of Sam, but more than willing to adapt.

"Crazy shit." Bucky said. This earned him a short laugh from Sam, momentarily lifting the mood. Bucky usually didn't curse, and the few times he spoke, he was never quite so crass.

"I think I'm rubbing off on you, Mr. Christ." He grinned as Bucky groaned loudly, expressing his hatred for the nickname.

"For the last time, I'm not Jesus."

"Then what's with the hair?" Sam countered. Bucky simply rolled his eyes, and knocked his shoulder into Sam's, playfully shoving the man away. But Sam was only more amused by the action, and resolved to only ever refer to Bucky Barnes as 'Mr. Christ.' Secretly, Sam thought that Bucky's overly stylish long hair and beard were just to impress Steve, but he kept those thoughts to himself. Sam wasn't one for gossip, after all.

However the men were forced to widen up as they drew closer to the ship, which was currently in the middle of landing on the decimated lawn. With all the alien arrivals taking place in so close a vicinity, the groundkeepers for the facility had no hope of keeping up. The pair halted their trek several feet away from the ship, its engines slowly decreasing their loud roar as it settled on the ground. Bucky thought that he should have been more impressed by the alien technology, but after the recent week, he was quite tired, and didn't have room to care.

After a few moments, the side of the ship opened with a hiss , the wall door swinging upward to reveal the exit. Sam and Bucky peered at the first figure to exit the ship, but they failed to recognize the man. However when a green woman was the second to step out, they lost interest in recognizing the aliens, and instead silently gawked, and wondered what foreign planets they had come from. After the green woman, the aliens grew even more bizarre. A blueish-gray man with red tattoos, a woman with actual antennae protruding from her forehead, and a blue cyborg were the next to step out. Sam and Bucky exchanged bewildered glances when a tree and a raccoon then both walked out of the ship. The group of aliens gathered together in front of they ship, taking their own time to survey the two Avengers in front of them. Sam cleared his throat to speak out, but was distracted when more figures emerged.

hiss actual walked Thankfully, there were some familiar faces in the next bunch. Sam was able to recognize Thor and Dr. Banner from the news, even though he had never actually seen them in person before. However, Sam only had a vague sense of familiarity with the next man who exited, dressed in shades of green with long dark hair, and the young woman next to him in white armor was also a stranger.

As Sam and Bucky observed, the two groups from the ships huddled around themselves, and maintained a stark separation. Clearly, there was some sort of tension between them, but since Sam was not one to gossip, he didn't mention it to Bucky.

"Whatever." Bucky sighed, Sam nearly laughing at his friend's utter exhaustion with the entire endeavor. "Are you friendly?"

Stepping forward, Thor room it upon himself to answer. "We mean no harm, I am Thor, son of Odin, and I speak for the group in that-"



"Hold up." The human-looking man from the opposite group interrupted. "Since when are you the leader?"

you "Shut up, Quill." The raccoon spoke, thoroughly spooking Sam and Bucky. It was bad enough that the animal walked, but it spoke english too? They didn't even know how it had the vocal chords to do that. The man, apparently named 'Quill,' sputtered in response, providing a lull in the conversation that Sam happily filled.

"We're the leaders. Now follow us." Sam ordered, a trace of his military days coming back to him. The groups complied easily, and followed after Sam and Bucky as they retraced their steps across the lawn towards the facility.

---

Sam and Bucky would have predicted that the group of aliens, whom apparently called themselves the 'Guardians of the Galaxy,' whatever that meant, would ignite the largest reactions from the gathered Avengers. But instead, the sight of the man in green with the dark hair quickly started a yelling match.

"Loki!" Steve gasped, quickly sliding into a fighting position. Natasha did the same, and Vision and Wanda readied themselves in turn based off their comrades reaction. Bucky and Sam exchanged a glance, then walked away to sit on the couch.

"Steve don't-" Tony said, already rubbing his temples. After Loki, Thor emerged through the doorway, then Bruce and a young woman with a sword. The sight of their old teammates calmed Steve and Nat, but only served to confuse matters further.

"Bruce?" Natasha asked warily. The scientist seemed to be standing awfully close to the God of Mischief whom had attempted to take over New York only a few years ago. However, he seemed unbothered by Loki's presence, instead clutching two strange metallic objects closely to him as though they contained something precious.

"Hey Nat." Bruce smiled softly, but offered no explanation for his strange companions. Steve, however, was still stuck on the subject of Loki.

"Tony, don't tell me you knew he was coming." Steve turned to Tony, staring him down. The genius simply looked back at him, and shrugged unapologetically.

"Stark, Rogers." Thor greeted them each with a nod. "Please excuse my brother, I understand you have some... unpleasant memories of him, but I can promise that he means no harm." Thor smiled, raising his hands diplomatically. The Guardians looked on the exchange in confusion.

"I'll believe that when I see it." Steve countered, but lowered his defensive stance slightly. Tony ignored him, instead looking over Thor's team, then the Guardians. His eyes widened slightly, and a surge of energy appeared to overcome Tony.

"Where's Naomi?" He asked, tone anxious. The Guardians looked to their shoes as Tony locked eyes with Loki. An understanding passed between the men, their expressions mirrored each other's restrained anguish. A heavy silence fell. After a moment, the green woman stepped forward, immediately directing the entire room's attention toward her.

"My name is Gamora. I met with Naomi briefly, but I have a message from her." Gamora revealed, slowly reaching to her side, where she pulled a small rectangle from her belt. A phone, a bit battered and cracked, but still appeared to be in working condition. "Are you Tony Stark?" She asked.

Tony stepped forward with a heavy nod. Reaching out, he grasped the phone, but refrained from puling it from her hand for a moment.

"Is it certain? About Naomi?" He asked, eyes boring into Gamora's.

"No." She replied hesitantly. "But she left with Thanos."

Tony's face screwed into a mixture of hope and confusion, pulling the phone from Gamora and quickly checking over it.

"She left with Thanos?" T'Challa asked, raising his voice for the first time since the newcomers arrival. The concern raised by T'Challa quickly set through the room, further raising the tension. Tony continued to pour over the phone.

with "Willingly." Sounded a strangely artificial, yet feminine voice. The blue cyborg woman had spoke up, stood slightly apart but still close to the rest of the Guardians.

"That settles it." Steve decided. "We can't trust her."

He did not anticipate the violent reaction he received.

"How DARE YOU -" Loki suddenly erupted, his restraint breaking as he openly seethed at the Captain. Thor moved quickly to hold Loki back, but joined him in his opposition.

DARE YOU "Rogers, I can assure you that Naomi Swanson has proven herself-"

"How?" Nat interrupted Thor, her cool demeanor falling away to reveal pent-up frustration and confusion. "How do we know that her intel is good?"

know "I don't know how many times I have to explain this, but Naomi-" Tony began, holding the phone in his hand protectively as he entered back into the argument.

"Tony." Steve cut him off. He stared at the Iron Man for a moment, gaze hardening before continuing in a stern, yet apologetic tone. "With what happened with Strange, I think we need some different opinions on Naomi Swanson, and whether we can trust her."

different Tony glared at Steve, anger rolling off of him in waves. He stalked toward Steve slowly, his expression harshly indignant, eyes wide in clear offense. "You wanna try that again?" Tony hissed, his voice warning Steve from stepping out of line again. Steve straightened, refusing to show any apprehension or aggression toward the man, remaining cautiously neutral.

"You wanna try that again?" "Hey!" Bruce suddenly blurted, pawning off the alien objects in his arms to Thor before gingerly stepping forward. "It's okay, ah, Steve, I knew Naomi too." Bruce explained, making a desperate attempt to ease the tension before it could escalate further. Steve and Tony were not far off from staring more in-fighting, which was the opposite of what they needed. "Tony, isn't that her phone?" Bruce asked, delicately stepping in between the two. Tony focused onto Bruce, clearly calming down at the sight of an old friend. He nodded in response, and held out the phone for Bruce to examine.

"She told me, a while back, that she had some sort of message on here for me, okay?" Bruce explained, speaking with his hands as he addressed the entire room. "Would, uh, would you trust her more if I let you see it?"

General murmurs ran through the room, some heroes vocalizing their approval while others simply nodded.

"Fine." Tony agreed, taking the phone back from Bruce.

"It's a start." Steve nodded, clapping Bruce on the back before stepping away to join Sam and Bucky.

As the Avengers dispersed among the room, and general, hushed conversation started back up, the Guardians exchanged meaningful looks. "And I thought we were one fucked up group," Rocket laughed.

we





76. Language





Much of the rooms tension was dispelled as the group argument subsided into quiet, general conversation. Tony had left the room to adequately prepare for Bruce's mystery video, which everyone awaited with anticipation. After Tony's departure, the heroes dispersed into their respective groups, the only exception being Peter and Shuri, speaking to one another animatedly at the far wall of the room. Other than the young heroes, the others stuck to their cliques tightly- the most notable example being Bruce and Thor, who chose to stay with Valkyrie and Loki rather than reconnect with their former comrades. The open tension was gone, but the Avengers remained splintered.

"I do not think we are welcomed here." Mantis spoke quietly, directing the other Guardian's attentions to her. They were by far the most isolated group, having chosen to press into a corner rather than risk angering these strange people. Of course, none of the Avengers had openly done anything to separate the Guardians from themselves, but several odd stares and hushed whispers made a clear message.

"Who the hell cares? We don't need 'em." Rocket said. He wouldn't admit it, but he was getting antsy under the curious gazes. He and Groot were by far the oddest aliens, thus receiving much of the attention. Rocket hated being stared at. Groot, on the other hand, was too absorbed in his video game to notice.

"Groot, put that thing away. I don't wanna have to tell you again." Quill demanded, going into parenting mode. Unfortunately, his words had little power over the teen, and didn't even earn acknowledgment. "Groot." Peter pressed, crossing his arms in a stern matter. That earned him a glare, as Groot mumbled something under his breath.

"What was that?" Gamora asked. Her voice was stony, but when Groot glanced over to her, he could see that her face was impassive at best. That boded well for Groot, since when Gamora raised a brow, everything was over. But her dispassionate scolding emboldened Groot, who had been frustrated with the entire affair since they landed on Earth. The planet was so boring.

"I am Groot ." He sneered at Peter, not holding back. The Guardians erupted in gasps, even though they had paid witness to Groot's foul mouth several times.

Groot "You got some real acorns on you, kid." Rocket warned, managing to be intimidating while also being the smallest group member. But Groot was not one for intimidation, and he loathed reminders that he was the youngest.

"I am Groot!"

"I am Groot!" "I can call you kid all I want!" Rocket retorted, fed up with the tree's behavior.

"Why do you take offense? There are several children here." Drax said, pointing blatantly to Peter Parker and Shuri. Peter, still fully dressed in the spiderman suit, perked up, sensing that he was being addressed.

"Yeah, why don't you go join the kids table, huh?" Rocket grinned evilly. "The adults are talking." Groot gaped at him, even pausing the game out of anger. This was clearly a crime against him, or at least it was in Groot's mind. Even worse, the other Guardians seemed to agree with Rocket- Mantis for one was thrilled at the thought of Groot making friends his age. It was almost too embarrassing for him.

kids agree thrilled Groot was all too ready to break away from the Guardians, though he wasn't initially eager to join the other 'kids.' However, what Groot hadn't taken into account was the walk to Peter and Shuri, who were at the far end of the room from the Guardians. As Groot trekked across the tile, conversation grew suspiciously quiet as the other heroes looked curiously at the walking tree. Groot's footsteps sounded loudly in his head, and it occurred to him halfway across the room that he was the only person walking- all others stayed with their own, without attempts to mingle. It was enough to make him want to turn around, go back to his family, but giving up would be even more humiliating than joining a different group.

walk However, as all things pass, Groot eventually made it to the other teens, and the lull in the conversation picked back up as heroes lost interest. This was intensely comforting to Groot, although now two strangers had their full and undivided attention on him.

"Hello! My name is Shuri!" The woman, Shuri, smiled brightly at him. Groot nodded back shyly, desperately wanting to turn his game back on.

"I'm Peter!" The spandex kid introduced, sticking his hand out for Groot to shake. He took it hesitantly, analyzing Peter as he shook his hand. Groot couldn't help but wonder if that was the teen's real skin, or if it was some kind of suit. He couldn't be sure, but it also weirded out Groot that the teen had the same name as Quill.

"I am Groot." He shrugged.

"Hey Groot!" Peter replied excitedly, his large white eyes widening. Definitely not a suit, Groot thought. He stood awkwardly for a moment, a finger tapping the game at his side. Maybe Mantis had been right when she said Groot needed to socialize with other teens. He couldn't remember the last time he had a real conversation with someone outside of the Guardians.

"So, where are you from?" Shuri asked, smile warm and friendly. Groot sighed, knowing that he couldn't properly reply. His family were the only people he knew who spoke Groot competently, other than the strange God-man Thor.

"I am Groot." He said. Groot watched Shuri's brow wrinkle in slight confusion, since she undoubtedly thought he just introduced himself again. In reality, Groot had told them he was from Xandar, where Rocket always claimed he was born when asked.

am "Are you from another planet?" Shuri tried again, her eyes narrowed with curiosity and concentration.

Groot said again, "I am Groot." He nodded too, answering her question that yes, he was technically from a different planet.

am Something in Shuri's head clicked, and her face brightened in a clear epiphany. "Groot, are you speaking an alien language?" She grinned. Groot straightened up,

"I am Groot !" He said, nodding adamantly. The game in his hand completely left his mind, overshadowed by the fact that the girl in front of him was undoubtedly the fastest person to ever understand he wasn't speaking English. Peter, though not coming to the conclusion as fast as Shuri had, kept up with the conversation with enthusiasm.

Groot "Can we learn it? Please?" He asked, eyes widening even further as he bounced on his heels. Groot smiled and nodded to him, overjoyed that finally , someone outside of the Guardians was making an attempt to understand him. And they were his own age too, just to sweeten the pot.

finally "That will take too long," Shuri said, voice deepening in concentration. "But I think I can get a translator going soon enough- Tony should have the equipment." She raised her eyes up briefly, before apparently coming to a conclusion, nodding in satisfaction with a shit-eating grin. "Keep up!" She laughed, quickly turning toward the door. Peter and Groot fell in line behind her, exchanging excited glances- or at least Groot thought he was excited, since the other boy's face had hardly moved except for his eyes. But Groot was still convinced that the teen simply looked like that, so he didn't judge. He had seen some funky-looking aliens before, so Groot supposed it wasn't impossible.

They earned even more curious stares this time, but Groot didn't mind it so much since he wasn't alone. Peter and Shuri seemed not to notice, so he chose to ignore them. On the way out the door, Groot tossed his game in the general direction of the Guardians, knowing full well that Gamora's reflexes would catch it.

She did, and the Guardians looked on with surprised gazes as their collective son walked out with the teens he had been so adamantly against joining. Not to mention that Groot had never willingly parted with his game before. It was a momentous occasion- Quill seemed to be nearly tearing up.

never "You feel... intense pride." Mantis revealed, her hand on Quill's shoulder.

"Little guy's all grown up." Peter smiled, hands on his hips.

"Yeah." Rocket shrugged. The Guardians prepared themselves for a rude, or crass comment, as that was 95% of the raccoons vernacular. But he surprised them this time, reluctantly admitting, "we did good."





77. Trust





The heroes gathered in front of the screen provided by Tony. The holographic screen stretched from the floor to the ceiling, and was just as wide as it was tall. At the moment it showed only a black screen, but Tony promised that it would work, though he himself had not seen the video yet. Bruce was among the most nervous, since he could only imagine what a video of the Hulk could consist of. He trusted Naomi enough to know she wouldn't film the green giant's more destructive tendencies, but Bruce had a difficult time imagining the Hulk doing anything else. Next to him sat Loki, equally anxious though he maintained a stony appearance.

Loki had not spoken since his earlier outburst, sticking closely to Thor, Bruce and Valkyrie- although he ignored them. It saddened Thor to see such a drastic change in his brother, a change Thor knew that he himself couldn't solve. His brother had always been very particular, so Thor knew that only one person could ease the constant glare from his eyes.

"Alright. Grab your popcorn." Tony mumbled, calling the heroes focuses onto him. "Let's see what Naomi has for us, huh?" He glanced at Loki. Loki did not respond, though his expression tightened at the name. Tony pressed play.

The heroes watched in anticipation as the video loaded, waiting with bated breath.

Without warning, the Hulk's face appeared, taking up almost the entire shot. Bruce sucked in a breath, but the Hulk did not yell, or throw anything. The camera was slightly shaky, indicating that it was being held by a person- Naomi. They all watched as the Hulk stared up, past the phone at Naomi holding it, then down to the camera. They waited for him to move, or even speak, but the Hulk simply stared at the camera for several seconds, his face flickering with conflicting emotions.

Bruce watched in awe, having never realized that the Hulk was capable of complex emotion, or even staying still for so long. The Hulk shifted in his seated position, clearly readying himself to speak. The heroes collectively leaned in toward the screen.

"Hulk is Hulk. Hulk not Banner, Banner not Hulk."

"Hulk is Hulk. Hulk not Banner, Banner not Hulk." Bruce frowned, listening closely to the simplistic words. On the other side of the room, Steve's brows drew together in concentration.

"Banner trap Hulk. Years. So Hulk trap Banner. Trap, trap, trap. Again, again. Hulk tired." Hulk peered deeply into the camera, waving his hands as he attempted to articulate his thoughts. Though his vocabulary was limited, the giant managed to get his point across with surprising success. "Hulk want to be Hulk, but Banner want Banner."

"Banner trap Hulk. Years. So Hulk trap Banner. Trap, trap, trap. Again, again. Hulk tired." "Hulk want to be Hulk, but Banner want Banner." Bruce laced his hands together, pressing them tightly to his lips. The man felt as though the Hulk was in the room, speaking directly to him. It was a historic moment for him, as Bruce's outlook on the Hulk began to change rapidly. Onscreen, the Hulk shook his head, and stared at the ground.

Stood next to Steve, Natasha let out a shaky breath. She had only seen that level of calmness on the Hulk a few select times, and it had only been with her. If Naomi had gained the trust of the giant so quickly, Natasha felt that it was time she re-evaluate her opinion of the woman.

When the Hulk looked back into the camera, his gaze was intense, sharply focused onto the phone as if it was Banner himself. The complexity in his eyes sent Bruce's mind reeling, along with the preconceived notions that the other heroes had of the Hulk. This was not the destructive, hot-headed monster they had seen on the news. Naomi's video revealed an intelligent being with a full emotional range, and a thought process separate from Bruce Banner's.

"Hulk fight. Hulk like fight, Hulk want to fight. Bruce no fight, Bruce no want." He shrugged. "Bruce no want Hulk. Hulk know. Bruce want Hulk for fight, but Bruce no want Hulk."

"Hulk fight. Hulk like fight, Hulk want to fight. Bruce no fight, Bruce no want." "Bruce no want Hulk. Hulk know. Bruce want Hulk for fight, but Bruce no want Hulk." The reality of Hulk's words struck deeply, forcing the original avengers to evaluate how they had treated the Hulk- as a weapon. He was used for fights only, and influenced to shift back to Banner once the battle was won. They had never treated him as a person, a realization hitting Bruce especially hard. The man resolved to reach out to the Hulk once all of this was over, and ask Naomi to film a new video of Bruce for the Hulk to watch. They just had to get Naomi back first.

"But Bruce and Hulk want same thing. Want body, want control. Can't both have at same time," the Hulk spoke. His expression softened, falling from his stern demeanor into a calm tranquility. Staring straight into the camera, the heroes watched as the Hulk's skin slowly faded from its green. He was de-transforming, willingly, and without prompt from Naomi.

"But Bruce and Hulk want same thing. Want body, want control. Can't both have at same time," "My God." Steve whispered under his breath, taking a step toward the screen.

The Hulk's voice began to morph as well, growing higher as his stature shrunk. "Hulk will give Banner Banner. So Banner need to give Hulk Hulk." His skin paled into a pale peach, his voice seamlessly blending into Bruce's as he uttered the last words. The Avengers stared in unparalleled awe as they witnessed the calmest, most fluid Hulk de-transformation they had ever seen. And it had been at the hands of what Steve and Natasha knew a stranger, no less. Tony, on the other hand, seemed proud as he watched the film.

"Hulk will give Banner Banner. So Banner need to give Hulk Hulk." The video continued, the camera panning down to allocate the Hulk's shrinking stature until the shot consisted of Bruce Banner- shirtless with the Hulk's shorts covering his lap, staring above the camera with a confused gaze. The room was silent with anticipation as Bruce looked between the camera and the person holding it, bewildered but unalarmed.

A voice from behind the phone whispered, "Bruce..."

"Bruce..." Loki flinched. The video ended, screen shifting to black. Bruce put his face in his hands, and Thor placed a comforting hand on the mans shoulder.

Across the room, Tony turned to Steve with an expectant look. "I think this just about proves she's the real deal, hm?"

Steve nodded once, exchanging glances with the rest of his team before turning back to Tony. "Alright. We'll trust her."

Tony smiled, and Steve returned it. The others quietly observed the lessened tension, and allowed themselves to bask in the more relaxed atmosphere. Tony moved toward Bruce as quiet, excited conversation sprang up around the room, everyone hotly discussing the video.

After a few moments, the room was interrupted by the door, swinging open to reveal the teenagers returned. The guardians took special note of Groot's excited expression, while across from them T'Challa and Okoye noticed Shuri's new earpiece. Though Peter still had his suit on, a small bump at his ear under the mask revealed that he was wearing a matching earpiece.

"I am Groot?"

"I don't know, looks like we missed something." Shuri shrugged in reply. The guardians collectively did a double take, peering at the girl that may or may not have responded to Groot's question as though she understood it.

"Aw man, I think we missed Dr. Banner's video-thing!" Peter groaned, mentally kicking himself.

"I am Groot ." He huffed, ignoring his family's gaze. He was still peeved at them for forcing him to socialize, even if it had turned out better than Groot would ever admit.

Groot "Yeah, I wanted to watch too, but maybe I can ask Mr. Stark to show us!" Peter said, running off toward Tony with Shuri and Groot following close behind.

The guardians openly stared at the kids with incredulous gazes as they passed.

"These children have learned the tree language in a matter of minutes!" Drax proclaimed loudly.

"No they didn't." Nebula corrected in a grumble. "The girl is wearing a translator." Drax stared at her blankly, but didn't make any attempts to instigate a fight.

"They still made it in like, 20 minutes. I guess thats impressive." Rocket admitted, before grinning wickedly. "They did better than you lot, though. How long did it take for you to learn Groot? Huh?"

guess How you Huh?" "Shut up, trash panda."

"HEY!"





78. Prepare


Naomi listened closely as she was guided throughout the ship's corridors. Around her, there was only the sound of her guides footsteps and her own, but deep under the floors, Naomi could hear the yelling and screaming of a hundred voices. Thanos was headed to Earth with a small army. She had hoped that once he failed to retrieve the Soul Stone, Thanos would head immediately to Earth to battle, however the titan brought them both back to his ship, before promptly banishing Naomi to a cell, where she was presently being taken.

She hadn't expected a roommate, however. When the barred door shut behind her, Naomi took in the battered form of Dr. Strange, who stared back at her morosely. She took note of the empty Eye of Agamotto strung around his neck. Thanos had the time stone. Naomi sighed, rubbed her temples, and stalked to one of the cell walls, sitting down against it. Stephen remained standing, watching her curiously.

"I still trust you, ya know?" Naomi shrugged. Stephen's eyes widened, but only barely.

"You might be the only person who does." He responded, clasping his arms behind his back. Thanos had told Naomi that it was Stephen who led the titan to her, and now she could only assume that the avengers knew about it. Naomi wondered what Tony thought of the affair, a sharp pang in her heart from thinking back on everyone else. They likely had no idea if she was alive or dead, and blamed Strange for it. She could only imagine Loki's reaction.

"Doesn't matter now." Naomi said, "what's your plan?"

Stephen nodded, raising an hand to hold the Eye of Agamotto. "I gave up the Time Stone to Thanos's crony- cracked under the pressure." He gave a wry smile. Naomi returned it, knowing that Stephen would have never caved under torture, Infinity War had proven that. He was stringing Thanos along like a fool, even if it landed him in a cell.

"So now Thanos has the Time and Space stones," Naomi thought aloud. "But the Avengers should have the Power and Reality stones, not to mention the Mind stone was...?" Naomi looked to Stephen for confirmation.

"Destroyed by Wanda Maximoff." He nodded.

"Good." Naomi smiled. "Since Thanos only has the Black Order and a small army with him, the Avengers should be able to take him down." She played with her fingers, trying to downplay any anxiety she felt. There was still a million possibilities as to how this fight could go down, and she couldn't guess at how many of them ended in a win for Thanos. Nothing Naomi, or any of the Avengers had done so far could stop Thanos from obtaining all of the stones eventually, only delaying his progress and rushing him into the final fight. With the Time Stone, Thanos could easily revive the destroyed Mind Stone, just as he had done in Infinity War- and with Gamora alive, the Soul Stone was still within his grasp.

Naomi's expression scrunched as different scenarios flitted through her mind, trying to imagine how everything would pay out on the battlefield. Because in the end, the MCU always ended with a fight. She sighed, massaging her temples again. It had been a long day.

"For now, we wait. When the ship lands, we'll move forward." Strange decided, crossing his arms. Naomi nodded in agreement.

"I trust you."

Stephen looked at Naomi with a familiar expression. She recognized it as the look he gave her back on Earth, when he had looked forward into the future using the Time Stone. Stephen stayed silent, and so did Naomi.

--------------

-On Earth-

--------------

The complex was a mess. All SHEILD staff and other non-avengers had been long since evacuated, which only left various superheroes darting about the facility in last-minute preparations. Shuri and Tony had received a notice that Thanos's ship had entered Earth's atmosphere, and quickly gave instructions to everyone to suit up and meet out on the lawn. This left the heroes in a state of staggered preparation, as some had arrived to the facility in full battle gear, while others- Tony- had lounged in sweatpants until the last minute. T'Challa, for example, was able to dress in the Black Panther suit in seconds with a tap of his necklace. Sam, who had been gearing up with Bucky nearby, was vocally impressed.

"Good to see you still got the cat suit man!" Sam cheered, adjusting the straps for his Falcon wings. Bucky glared at him to keep quiet, but Sam had stopped being intimidated by the man ages ago. T'Challa raised a brow at the comment, and for the life of him Sam still couldn't tell if the King was amused or annoyed.

"Your name should be the Parrot instead of the Falcon, if all you do is talk." He countered simply, and walked away with Okoye following, a smirk on her usually stoic features. Sam's mouth dropped open in shock, turning to Bucky with a shit-eating grin.

"I think kitty likes me." Sam laughed.

"I don't," said Bucky, even if he couldn't completely keep the smile off of his face. It was hard to be serious around Sam Wilson's infectious personality, and though he would never admit it, Bucky was grateful for that.

Across the room, Shuri called out, "Brother, stop trying to roast Tweety bird!" Beside her, Groot bursted out into laughter, and under his mask Peter turned red trying to contain his own laughter. Even if he was friends with a princess, laughing at a king was not something Peter felt emotionally ready to do.

Tony, who had paused his conversation with Thor to watch the exchange, turned back to the god after chuckling at the teams antics. "Right, so you all set?" He asked.

Thor nodded, settling the Infinity stone containers in his arms delicately. Tony had tasked him with hiding the stone suitably, as apparently Tony hadn't put the Space Stone in a good enough spot. The Stark blamed it on not playing enough hide-and-go-seek as a kid. Either that, or a traitorous wizard.

"I will not fail you." Thor grinned assuredly. Tony winced, and pinched the bridge of his nose. Thor didn't seem to notice the man's hesitation, and promptly turned around to waltz out the room to God knows where in the complex. Tony watched as Loki followed behind Thor closely, noticing how the raven-haired man kept eyeing the boxes. He hoped it would be alright, and that Thor would stop Loki from pulling anything, but to an extent, Tony didn't care. Naomi had clearly trusted the trickster the last time he saw her, and despite himself, that was good enough for Tony.

In the midst of the chaos, heroes ducking in and out of the room, the Guardians yelling at each other again, and Steve giving his second inspirational speech of the day, Tony tilted his head up, imagining that somewhere up there, Naomi was giving Thanos a piece of her mind.





79. Trickster





Not for the first time, Earth's mightiest heroes gathered together, and faced the ship quickly descending upon them. At the front, Tony and Steve stood side by side, waiting in silence for the moment to strike. They watched as Thanos's ship touched ground, a small thud breaking through the silence on the field. All of SHEILD had been evacuated. Now, it was only the Avengers against Thanos and his army. Forlornly, Tony hoped that Naomi would be with them, so he could be assured that she was indeed alive. Her phone had been stored safely inside the compound, hidden away with all its terrible secrets. But Tony didn't want her phone, he wanted Naomi Swanson delivered back safely, and a quick and easy victory. He would de damned if anyone died here today.

Steve shifted his footing as the ship's doors opened, but did not give the attack order. Thanos emerged first, clad in armor with the Black Order following. On his left hand, the Infinity Gauntlet was laden with two glowing stones- one blue, and one green. Naomi was nowhere to be seen. Tony cursed under his breath, damning Strange for giving up the Time Stone to the Titan. He could only pray that somehow, this was still a part of the wizard's plan.

Thanos looked across the crowd of heroes before him, the muffled screams of his army still contained in the bowels of the ship ringing in his ears softly. They were mindless beasts, and there were less of them than he might have liked, but he was sure they would serve as a suffice distraction. Wielding two of the famed Infinity Stones had boosted Thanos's confidence in himself and his army, leaving him more hellbent than ever on retrieving the next three stones, all gathered in one place for him. It was almost too good, Thanos thought to himself. After all, there were none among the heroes who were worthy to wield any of the Infinity Stones in their possession-

"Excuse me."

A voice cut through the silence, clear and sharp. From the outskirts of the crowd, Loki emerged with a wicked grin. "But if I might interject-"

Steve sucked in a breath through his teeth, moving toward the interruption before a hand clapped down on his shoulder. He whipped around, directing an incredulous stare at Tony, who remained stock still, facing Thanos. Tony didn't speak, but his hand pressing down on Steve's shoulder was a clear instruction. Don't intervene. Steve hesitated as he looked over the scene. Thor was silent as he watched Loki stride toward Thanos, glaring at the back of his brothers head with undisguised confusion. Of Loki's allegiances, Thor had no doubt. He simply couldn't understand why his brother didn't bother to clue him in on his plans before he went ahead and did them.

Realizing that even Thor had no intention of preventing whatever was about to occur between Loki and Thanos, Steve bit his tongue, and stepped down. Tony released his shoulder after the super soldier relaxed, both watching as Loki came before the Titan.

"It has come to my attention that you have recently come into contact with the Prophet." Loki smiled, lacing his fingers together behind his back. His posture was upright, but relaxed. Comfortable. The mans face remained impeccably clear of any ill will- his brow unfurled and his smile charming. But as Thanos peered closer, he could see the cracks in Loki's armor. His facade had been crafted with the finest attention to detail, but Loki's eyes gave him away. Through his eyes, Thanos could see the profane rage swimming just under the surface. The Titan frowned.

"Anger does not suit you, Asgardian." Thanos said. Loki was unaffected by the statement, laughing slightly as though it were a casual joke between friends.

"I wish only to seek the Prophet's council, my Lord." Loki strode closer to Thanos, opening his arms in a peaceful gesture. "In exchange, I offer to you my undying fidelity." Loki sunk into a slight bow, startling Thor. Loki never bowed for anyone, not truly. Thanos's face sunk into a grimace, gaze expectant.

In one swift, smooth movement, Loki launched his fist up toward the Titan's throat. As his hand darted forward, a small dagger materialized in a burst of green light. A ripple went through the heroes as Thanos stopped the dagger mere inches away from his throat, blue light surrounding the blade. On the Gauntlet, the Space Stone glowed brightly. A rumble sounded in Thanos's throat as he looked down on Loki in disappointment.

"You've lost your touch, trickster." He spat, clenching the Gauntlet tighter. Loki's eyes flickered to his dagger, then back to Thanos. In a moment of shock, the Titan realized that his eyes were no longer angry, but instead filled with triumphant, wicked glee.

"No," Loki grinned, "I don't think I have."

"I don't think I have." Too late, Thanos noticed a red stone embedded in the pommel of the knife. The stone emitted a bright, scarlet light as the ground beneath Thanos cracked apart, the Space Stone's hold over Loki ceasing. The trickster's smile was ungodly as the shifting ground beneath the Titan forced Thanos to fall unto his knees before Loki.

In the instant before all hell broke loose, Loki looked down upon Thanos, leveling his dagger- laden with the glowing Reality Stone- at the Mad Titan's head.

"Kneel."

"Kneel."





80. I'm Ready





Naomi had been itching to move since she felt the rocking of the ship as it touched ground, but Strange stayed stock still. He hadn't offered any conversation, and neither had Naomi. The way he had looked at her earlier sighed like a rock in her stomach, but she did her best to ignore it. She fiddled with her fingers and chew her lip to try and ease her anxiousness, but sitting in a cold cell while she heard the commotion of Thanos's mindless army fade into nothingness was almost unbearable. It had since been long enough that there was inevitably a battle waging outside, Thanos having released the obligatory CGI soldiers from the confines of the ship.

Naomi released a shaking breath when a loud explosion tore through the silence, the ship rattling slightly in response. She looked to Strange, who seemed to have expected the blow. "Still trust me?" He cocked a brow. Naomi grinned, springing up from the floor in relief.

"Let's go."

Stephen nodded, raising his arms in front of him, the sling ring present on his hand catching Naomi's eye. Circling his right hand in toward his outstretched left, he created a small, spinning circle of golden sparks that expanded his height. Despite her stress, Naomi couldn't help but feel awestruck at the simple display of magic. Strange motioned at her to follow, and quickly disappeared through the portal. She readily complied, unconsciously holding her breath as she entered through the ring of light.

On the other side, Naomi found herself still inside Thanos's ship, but in a different room with shelves stacked high on all four walls. It was an armory room, clearly having been ransacked considering the scarce weapons carelessly strewn about on the shelves and floor. Naomi was confused, since Stephen almost never utilized weapons outside of his own magic, especially not ones as crude as these. She glanced down at an axe by her feet, formed sloppily out of a hard, black material. Clearly these were arms for Thanos's army, and not for himself or the Black Order.

Stephen, however, didn't appear to notice, or care as he quickly scoured the room, scanning over the floor and all of the shelves. She couldn't imagine anything of importance could be in the room, but Naomi didn't raise her concern with the sorcerer. She simply wanted the fight to be over and done with so she could see her friends again, and be assured that Thanos would never see his plans fulfilled.

But when Stephen suddenly turned to her, holding a jagged sword, Naomi's initial reaction was confusion, glancing from the blade to Strange. "What?" She asked.

"You'll fight with us." Stephen said simply, thrusting the sword into her hands. Naomi was quiet as she inspected it, thumbing over the notches driven into the fat blade. It was nothing like the swords she had seen Valkyrie wield, or Loki's daggers. The handle was lumpy and cracked, the material digging uncomfortably into her hands as she held it.

"Stephen, I don't understand." Naomi tried, holding the longsword with both hands away from her. It was true that Naomi had practiced some with swords during her training with Valkyrie, but that hardly made her prepared to rush into an actual battle. Naomi relied on her uncanny knowledge of the MCU to survive in this dimension, not her fencing ability. "I want us to win the war, but I can't do anything on the field, Stephen."

win do Strange turned toward her, and the rock in Naomi's stomach grew heavier as she recognized the look in his eyes. "Fight with us, Naomi. You've got the armor, the weapon." He gestured to her ensemble, which Naomi supposed was a bit damning. She was still dressed in the Asgardian armor given to her after she was shot during the escape from Ragnarok, which felt like months ago at the rate she had been traveling. But Stephen knew better than to assume she could fight based off of her outfit, so Naomi pressed further with a sense of dread.

"Why? If I can't take down some CGI monster, what makes you think I can help win this thing?" Naomi approached Stephen, releasing one hand from her grip on the sword to gesture in the air. She was aware that her words sounded cowardly, but damn it, Naomi was a thinker, not a fighter. She knew that she would feel like shit if she was the only person not out on the battle ground, risking their life against Thanos, but she also knew that rationally, there wasn't anything she could do. Naomi's knowledge had gotten her, and everyone else this far, and now it was up to the Avengers to take down Thanos.



But when Stephen looked at her, eyes urgent and melancholy, Naomi got the feeling that that wasn't the case. "You trust me?" He asked, his eyes pinning her down.

For a split second, Naomi doubted whether she did. But then the second ended.

"Yeah. I do."

Stephen nodded, "I'll get you where you need to go, so don't worry about that. But you need to fight with us, Naomi." He stressed, clapping his hands down onto her shoulders. She swallowed, and nodded almost imperceptibly.

need "Okay. I'll do it." Naomi grimaced, praying she wouldn't regret this.

"Follow me." Ordered Stephen, casting another portal in front of them. He stepped through it with practiced confidence, and Naomi followed, adjusting her grip on the hilt. The sword was uncomfortably heavy, and she blanched at the thought of having to attack something with it. CGI or not, Thanos and his army were living things, and although it was easy to dismiss the casualties on screen, it was hard for Naomi to picture herself taking a swing with the intent to injure, or even kill. But she pushed the thoughts to the back of her head, following Strange through the portal blindly.

As soon as she stepped through, noise erupted all around Naomi. After a quick scan of her surroundings, she realized that they were outside, standing in the grass next to the giant hull of Thanos's ship. Strange pulled her against the cool metal, hiding them from view as he peeked around the corner of the ship. Huddled against the side of the ship as they were, Naomi couldn't see the majority of the battle, but she could hear the grunts and screams of conflict just as loudly. Something crashed against the front of the ship, rocking it in place. Naomi flinched, tightening her grip on the handle. Her blood ran cold but she stayed in place, staring at the back of Strange's head as he surveyed the battle. Quickly, Stephen glanced back at her, grabbing Naomi's arm and bringing her in front of him. Edging closer to the front of the ship, Naomi risked being seen, but now she had a clear view of the battle ground.

Thanos's mindless army- Outriders, Naomi thought they were called- littered the ground, either as raging beasts or lifeless corpses. Naomi's attention was drawn as one foot soldier was literally dragged into the air by Sam, who struggled with his grip on the phrasing beast until he got high enough, before dropping it straight into Bucky's line of fire. Naomi nearly got the urge to call out to them, as they were closer to her on the outskirts of the battle, trapped by the hordes of soldiers. But she resisted as she turned her attention toward the opposite end of the battle ground, where glowing red light tore through the army like it was nothing- Wanda Maximoff slowly making her way to the center of the field. In the center, there were even more familiar faces- Drax punching an Outrider into submission as Mantis put one to sleep beside him- Natasha slicing through one with its own weapon further away. And even through all the yelling and screaming and grunting, she could still hear Rocket scream out, 'Piss off!', followed by rapid gunfire. The Black Order was scattered about, but Naomi clearly picked out two Order members taking on Steve Rogers in the middle of it all, putting up a hell of a fight against the aliens. Naomi's breath hitched in her throat as one of the Order began to swing a blade straight at Steve, who was blocking another blow. However Steve was spared as a familiar web caught the blade before it hit the man, and Spiderman swung into action beside Captain America.

Naomi's eyes darted over the crowd to try and pick anyone else out, but their bodies were packed tightly together despite the large battle ground. Her heart hammered as her eyes finally lighted upon the front line, where the real fight was going down.

Thanos was dressed in full armor, Infinity Gauntlet glowing with the power of two stones as he fought against his adversaries. An unlikely team-up, to be sure, but Naomi couldn't help but crack a small smile as she watched Loki and Tony fight side by side against the Titan. Loki's movements were fluid, almost graceful as he worked Thanos close range, his twin blades darting about the Titan like snakes. Embedded in one of the knives handles, Naomi could swear she saw a distinct red glow, which was likely the cause of the shuddering Earth beneath Thanos that made it nearly impossible for the Titan to stay on his feet. Tony, securely encased in his Iron Man armor, worked long distance, drawing Thanos's attention with blasts and dodging when he could. However as well as they fought with each other, Naomi could clearly see that they were struggling to keep the upper hand. Even with only two Infinity Stones, Thanos was immensely powerful, especially as the Time Stone could effectively reverse any damage done to him in an instant, and the Space Stone kept driving Loki back and deflecting Tony's repulsor shots.

Naomi didn't consciously realize it, but her doubts and fears about joining the battle melted away as she watched two people she loved dearly fight for their lives against an insane tyrant. She shifted her weight on the balls of her feet, and Strange noticed as her grip of the sword became more natural, her practice with Valkyrie kicking in. He nodded quietly to himself, taking note of how her instincts appeared to be taking over now that she was faced with the real battle. Before Naomi could act on her own and jump into the fight, Strange pulled her back with a hand on her shoulder.

"Remember what I told you?" He shook her form slightly, bringing her attention away from the fight. "I'll get you to where you need to be, so when I do, you need to act quickly, understand!?" Stephen hissed, his desperate tone shocking Naomi slightly. Her brow creased, but Naomi's eyes were calm with determination, squaring her shoulders as she faced Stephen.

"I'm ready." She said. Stephen nodded, backing a few steps away before raising his hands and activating the sling ring. Before Naomi dropped through the portal created under her, she caught that familiar expression in Stephen's eyes.

However she had no time to think on that as her body slipped through the portal, the fizzing gold light taking over her vision for a second before she dropped back onto solid ground.

Directly in front of Thanos himself.

Her sudden appearance forced Loki and Tony to halt in their attacks, the very sight of her making them forget the current conflict for a second. Naomi didn't see them however, as she stared at Thanos, who stared back at her, mouth slightly agape and eyes furious.

A second passed, nobody moved.

Naomi swung the sword up at Thanos's neck, both hands gripping it as a fierce shout escaped from her throat.

The blade was mere inches away before it was encased in a blue light.





81. Gone





The reaction was instantaneous. Thanos stopped Naomi's sword in its tracks as a dagger flew toward the right side of his neck, and a revolver blast aimed straight between his eyes. Thanos blew away the dagger with the Space Stone, freezing the blast in place an instant later with the Time Stone.

"THANOS!" Naomi screamed, no other actions coming to her mind. Her eyes were frenzied as she stared up at the Titan, wondering if she had swung too late, and damned them all.

"Naomi!" A voice sounded on her left, turning her attention toward Loki who stood with another knife at the ready, his expression a mixture of relief and panic. A shaky smile eased onto Naomi's face as she gripped the sword's hilt tighter. Thanos noticed the movement, and ripped the blade from her grasp with a jerk of his hand. Defenseless, she acted on pure instinct, swinging a right uppercut straight to Thanos's jugular.

The blow was blocked, of course, with the accursed blue power of the Space Stone. The stone's power wrapped around her fist, spreading over the rest of Naomi's body as Thanos froze her in place, grunting with effort as he tightened his grip on the gauntlet, using the Time Stone to freeze several more repulsor blasts and tiny knives. Reversing the Time lock, the Titan sent the attacks back at their owners, forcing the two men to dodge, and poking a momentary hole in their offense.

During that split second of time, Thanos faced the helpless Naomi and closed the Infinity Gauntlet around her throat.

"NO!" Tony roared, aiming his palms toward Thanos's head as the armor around his forearms expanded into larger guns, energy crackling as his repulsor beams powered up.

"I wouldn't do that," Thanos hissed, unfreezing Naomi and tightening his grip, "if I were you." Naomi instantly panicked, clawing at the metal against her neck, trying to force his hold to give. She could still breathe, so he wasn't trying to strangle her just yet. But that didn't give Naomi much hope as he pulled her in towards him.

"You! You heinous savage, let her go!" Loki screamed, brandishing his Reality Dagger wildly, but abstaining from using it. Naomi was too close to Thanos, acting both as a hostage and human shield for the behemoth. Thanos did not reply, loosening the gauntlet for a second so he could roughly turn her around with his free hand, forcing Naomi to face the battle field. She winced as the metal tore at the skin of her throat, keeping her hands clenched over the gauntlet.

let her go!" "Hey, hey kid. Long time no see." Tony said. The suit turned his voice robotic, but Naomi could hear the fear underlying his tone. She stared at his mask, eyes wide as she silently called for help. Her fingers scraped against his fist, but Thanos refused to budge, shaking the Gauntlet as a sign for her to stop, rattling her neck against the metal. Shivering, Naomi lowered her arms, allowing them to tense up at her sides. Her instincts screamed at her to run, because fighting clean didn't work, but now escape wasn't an option. Naomi could only stand as still as she could- and pray that she would make it out alive.

"Let's be civil." Thanos said, his words visibly angering Tony, who sunk further into his battle stance. Loki entered Naomi's field of vision, cautiously edging around to Tony with his eyes trained on Thanos's neck. Naomi probably should have found his murderous expression off-putting, but considering the situation and everything she knew about the man, it was almost comforting. Thanos continued, "The Reality Stone for the prophet... Naomi ."

Naomi She grimaced when her name came out of his mouth, the Titan simply repeating what Loki had shouted to her earlier. Thanos knowing her real name was hardly the most of Naomi's concerns, but hearing him speak it left a foul taste in her mouth.

Loki kept his gaze on Thanos, holding up his dagger- fingers tracing over the red stone embedded in the hilt. Naomi wanted to laugh at the realization that Loki had no doubt stolen the stone from under the Avengers noses, but she was afraid doing so would tighten the hold on her neck, so she abstained. However when Loki ripped the stone from his blade, Naomi instinctually started toward him, pressing against the metal and literally choking out, "No!"

"No!"

Thanos immediately increased the pressure on her neck, a guttural noise emitting from Naomi's throat. Her hands shot back up to the gauntlet, her nails scraping against it desperately. After a second, Thanos reverted his grip, allowing Naomi a slightly larger margin of breathing room. The display caused Loki to hesitate, the Reality Stone lying still in his palm as his eyes searched Naomi's. His gaze asked her what he was supposed to do, but Naomi didn't know. She was just as lost as everyone else.

Over the field, the battle was nearing its close. Almost the entirety of the Outriders had been defeated, the last stragglers being picked off by a team up of Peter, Shuri and Groot, who worked surprisingly well together despite having met only a few hours ago. The rest of the Avengers teamed up on the remaining Black Order members, who quickly fell under their sheer numbers alone. Naomi heard Thanos grunt in displeasure as he realized that his options were running out. Armed with only two Infinity Stones, he was no match for the combined force of all the gathered Avengers.

"The stone!" Thanos growled.

"Wait! Wait, just, let's all calm the hell down, alright?" Tony mediated, raising his arms out in a peacekeeping gesture, turning between Thanos and the rest of the Avengers, who had begun to converge on the small group. Among them, Steve stepped up beside Tony, evaluating the scene with a grim expression.

"Naomi?" He asked, panting slightly but still steady as ever. She offered a weak smile as a greeting, not willing to risk Thanos's wrath by speaking out again. Naomi looked over the crowd, her stomach stirring in excitement despite her fear as she looked over the heroes she had not yet met, and the ones she already had. She smiled at Thor, who stood beside the Hulk, each one looking both concerned and ready to jump into battle. She caught the eyes of Natasha, who nodded at her, and Sam and Bucky, who were muttering to each other while glancing between her and Thanos.

"No one needs to get hurt here." Steve spoke, eyeing Thanos with clenched fists. His weight shifted between his feet, clearly itching to fight but holding himself back. Naomi's brows drew together, and she swept her gaze over the crowd again. The heroes were ready to fight, nearly all of them stood in fighting stances, eyes locked on Thanos. Naomi shifted her own weight, a strained breath escaping her lips as the thought occurred to her: if she weren't there, there would be nothing stopping the Avengers from defeating Thanos right here, right now. There was only one factor standing in the way, and that was Naomi.

Distantly, she heard Thanos's voice give a sharp retort to Steve, but Naomi paid no attention as she noticed, for the first time, one Avenger who stood apart from the rest of the group. Dr. Stephen Strange stood a few feet away from the outskirts, staring straight at Naomi with a somber gaze. She watched in desperate confusion as his gaze pointedly flickered from her eyes to the gauntlet around her throat. Look down , he silently instructed.

Look down Naomi complied warily, noticing for the first time that the bottom of her vision was filled with a faint blue glow. With the Gauntlet closed around her neck, the Space Stone sat just under her chin, the stone itself barely visible as she strained her eyes. Naomi looked back to Stephen, eyes wide and confused. He nodded to her, clasping his hands behind his back. His expression was steadfast, only a hint of sorrow visible. The thought occurred to Naomi once again that if she were not in the way, the Avengers would likely have an easy, casualty-free win.

Naomi's heart clenched with fear, lips parting slightly as she stared down Stephen scouring his face for any sign that there was another option.

He down at the Stone, then to her. Only one way.

Naomi looked away from him, sweeping her eyes over the Avengers. She was aware of their voices crying out, some argument being had, but the thrumming of her own heartbeat drowned everything else out. Naomi's breathing hitched in her chest, her fingers pressing dow on the gauntlet so hard her knuckles turned white. Her knees began to feel dangerously weak, and she broke out in a cold sweat.

But then she saw Gamora. The green woman had her sights dead set on Thanos, her posture relaxed yet threatening. Naomi remembered telling this woman that her adoptive father had killed her for the Soul Stone, and Gamora's dead body flashed across her mind for an instant. next to Gamora stood Peter Quill, in turn standing beside Mantis and Drax. She thought of their confusion when they died. Naomi's eyes fell to Rocket, who had been left all alone, his family stolen away without a goodbye. Naomi's mouth tightened, her eyes turning over to where Vision and Wanda stood, their sacrifice to stop Thanos ringing in Naomi's mind. She saw T'Challa, who would go to any length for his people but had nevertheless been ripped away from them. Her gaze flickered, and she saw Bucky, who had only just begun healing, and Sam, who died alone.

Naomi's heartbeat slowed down.

She looked at the youngest of the group, the three heroes who fought with everything in them despite only being teenagers. Her eyes darted between Shuri, who had more potential than she knew what to do with, and Groot, who had been raised by a group of dysfunctional aliens and loved them all the more for it, even if he didn't show it. Naomi looked at Peter, who had been so, so scared when he died, begging not to go.

Naomi turned to Loki, who stared back at her with endless concern and fear, as though he could see the gears turning in her head, and sensed where they were going. She remembered the expression on his face when Thanos crushed his neck.

Naomi steadied her footing, and lightly relaxed her grip on the gauntlet. She took a deep breath, and gave a tight smile.

"Hey." She called out, ignoring how her throat pressed uncomfortably against the gauntlet as she did so. The attention snapped toward her. Naomi swallowed, her fingers twitching.

"It's okay."

"It's okay." Naomi's hands pressed over the Space Stone, its power immediate ripping through her fingers, blue light cracking through her skin as if it were glass. The power spread down her arms, pieces of her skin flaking off and disintegrating as the force ripped through her.

Loki opened his mouth to scream.

Black and blue clouds burst from the stone, enveloping Naomi's body as the power destroyed her.

An instant later, Thanos was left with with an empty hand, and one less Infinity Stone.

Naomi was gone.





82. Grief





The Avengers compound was, in a word, quiet. A full 24 hours has passed since the final struggle against Thanos, most of the heroes taking the time to nurse their injuries, or aid in the clean-up of the battlefield. Other than Naomi, the Avengers suffered no casualties.

Thanos's ship cast a foreboding shadow over the grass, but without the Titan it was simply an abandoned vehicle. Under Rocket's supervision, Shuri had begun to pick over the ship, along with Groot, analyzing its structure and scavenging for parts. Peter declined her invitation to join, opting to stay inside and sit with Tony for a while. The man was quiet, and kept to himself, though he never protested Peter's company. Tony never protested any company, though it soon became an unspoken rule in the facility that those who had known Naomi would mourn her quietly, and together. The likes of Steve Rogers, for example, kept a respectful distance, and oversaw the aftermath of the battle. He smiled and nodded at Tony whenever he passed by the man in the hallway, or saw him sitting despondently in the kitchen, but apart from that, Steve decided it was best to let it alone. He employed the same method with Thor, and Bruce, who had learned about Naomi after the Hulk de-transformed, completely willing and without prompt. It was strange for Steve to see the woman's impact on those close to him, and he was deeply regretful that he had never properly met Naomi Swanson.

Naomi had not been the only death to come out of the battle. Gamora mourned her father's demise quietly, with immense guilt that she even dared to grieve him. She felt for Naomi, too, but she could not bring herself to feel the same pain over the Prophet's death as she did her fathers. Gamora remembered when Naomi had told her that she would cry if she watched her father die, and her prediction had come true. In the end, it was Nebula who dealt the final blow, but Gamora could not help the tears in her eyes when she witnessed him fall prone to the ground. She suspected that deep down, Nebula too, was mourning, but the mechanical woman had distanced herself from the rest of the compound, and from her sister.

Peter didn't know how to comfort her, but he tried his best by sticking by her side and offering silent support. At some point, he had brought up the idea of a road trip to Gamora and the other Guardians. He wanted to do something to take Gamora's mind off of Thanos, and now that he was back on Earth again, Peter discovered an urge to visit his hometown, in Missouri. He figured he could show his new family where he grew up, and maybe even visit his mother's grave. Peter had been wanting to see her again for a while. Gamora was receptive to the idea, as was Mantis and Drax. Rocket was less excited about sitting in a car for several hours a day with 'a bunch of numb-nuts,' as he put it, but the raccoon sucked it up none the less. Similarly, Groot was less than excited to leave his new friends behind so soon after he met them, but he knew that supporting Gamora and his family was important, so the teen kept his complaints to a minimum. Besides, Shuri had promised to get him a phone so they could make a 'groupchat' with Peter, so Groot knew that he wouldn't fall completely out of contact with the two.

Indeed, there were small spots of happiness in the compound, areas where one could see the relief felt after the passing of a huge threat. However in order to see the bright side, one had to look past the looming sadness in the facility.

Tony had been quiet. He fought fiercely after Naomi used the Space Stone and disappeared, leaping at Thanos as soon as the Titan was open, Loki by his side. Their attacks hadn't ceased until Thanos fell at Nebula's hands. After that, Tony felt numb, barely even aware of Loki's incessant screams, demanding to know what had happened to Naomi. Eventually Thor had calmed him down, but hours later, when Loki appeared at the doorway of Tony's room, the Trickster God had red eyes, and bruised, bloody knuckles. Tony didn't bother asking which wall had suffered the man's wrath, only motioned for him to take a seat in one of the chairs. They sat in silence for a long while, neither caring what godforsaken hour of the morning it was. They had an understanding, the two of them. Pushing aside their shared history- the attack on New York- Tony could recognize that the two of them had had the closest relationships with Naomi. He suspected that Loki and Naomi had ended up as more than friends, but that didn't matter. They had both loved her in their own ways, both mourning her loss deeply.

At the peak of dawn, when the sunlight was just beginning to filter into Tony's dimly lit room, Loki spoke up.

"Why did she do it?" His voice was soft, and strained. Tony looked at him, and saw Loki's elbows propped on his knees, hands clasped in front of him as he pressed his thumbs into his forehead. His posture reminded Tony of prayer, though Tony could hardly imagine Loki worshiping anything other than himself. Or at least, thats what he would have thought a few weeks ago, before he had witnessed the way Loki looked at Naomi, and how she stared back at him.

"Because she's Naomi." Was Tony's answer. He didn't look as the sound of choked sobbing filled the space between them. He knew what Loki was feeling, since grief filled Tony's own heart, just as deeply as it did Loki's.

But despite everything, Tony found it within himself to be grateful. It was twisted, to feel such a way so soon after her death, and Tony despised the feeling, but a small part of him was relieved. From the way Naomi had spoken, there would have been several more deaths had Thanos been allowed to continue, even though the only one she had ever told him about was Peter. So Tony was grateful that no one else had to die, because he didn't know if he could handle two of his kids dying at once.

So Tony sighed, and pinched the bridge of his nose. In his hand, he clutched the battered iPhone that she had entrusted Gamora to give to him. Eventually, he thought that he might look through her pictures, and see her again, even if it was only a photo. He thought that Loki might like that too, although the man's slumped and shaking form was enough indication that he was not remotely ready for that yet. But sometimes, people had to do things they weren't ready for, because they had to be done. Tony knew that, so he dragged himself off the bed, and stood by the window. He drowned out the sound the Loki's wails, and watched as the sunlight began to slowly pour over the rest of the compound, lighting it up for a new day. Tony's eyes watered as he looked out over the scenery, and thought about where to put the gravestone.





--------





Worlds away, Naomi opened her eyes.





83. Alive





Naomi squinted, her vision blurring for a moment. She shut them again, a slight pain pounding in the back of her head. She opened her eyes to a painted white ceiling, chipped in some places, with a few stains. Naomi recognized it instantly.

She was in her bedroom. Naomi's eyebrows pinched together as she tried to force her thoughts out of the hazed, incoherent mess they were currently in. She was at home, somehow. The last thing the woman could recall was staring out over the sea of Avengers as a blue cloud overtook her sight. Naomi's frown deepened. She felt... heavy. Her thoughts moved sluggishly, and she could barely even bring herself to be panicked over the fact that she was in her own apartment, presumably in her dimension. Her body was sunken into the mattress, limbs heavy and throat thick. She was aware that there were several problems with her current situation, but for the life of her Naomi couldn't bring herself to get up, or even be overly concerned. She supposed that the past few weeks had desensitized her to strange situations, or perhaps the lack of coffee had finally caught up to her.

She sighed through her nose, and for a moment everything felt like a dream. Distantly, Naomi wondered if it actually was. But it couldn't have been. Naomi had never been a very vivid dreamer, and tended to forget things very quickly after she woke up. Besides, she didn't have the creativity to dream up getting drunk with Tony, or her late night talks with Loki, or the looks on everyone's faces just before she used the Space Stone. So no, Naomi figured it couldn't have been a dream.

She turned her head to the right, where she knew her alarm clock would be sitting on the bedside table. '1:46' it read. Not too concerning, Naomi had slept in later than that before. With a grunt, Naomi pulled her arms up to her sides to prop her up into a sitting position. However when she pressed her fingers into the mattress, a stiff jolt of pain forced her to stop. She pressed her lips together, opting instead to force herself upward without her arms support. Slumping over, Naomi looked down at herself, realizing she was still in the Asgardian armor she had worn into the battle. Another confirmation that she hadn't been dreaming, but her focus was quickly stolen away from her clothes by the white bandaging wrapped around her arms.

Naomi's head cleared as a wave of concern washed over her, biting her bottom lip nervously. What appeared to be medical tape was wrapped tightly around the entirely of her arms from the elbows down. She turned her arms over carefully, looking over the bandages with some suspicion. One thing was for sure, Naomi hadn't done them. Not only would she be unable to wrap her arms this well, she had no memory of doing it, and knew that she didn't keep medical tape in her apartment. It was concerning, yes, but for the moment Naomi pushed it aside and focused on her hands. She hadn't noticed at first, but her forearms felt heavier than usual, and her fingers were extremely stiff, making her wince anytime she tried to move them.

Still staring at her covered arms, Naomi considered that they were injured due to her use of the stone. In all honesty, she hadn't thought about the consequences of using an Infinity Stone before she had done it, she simply gripped onto the blue stone, and willed it to take her away. Reflecting, Naomi realized with a frown that she hadn't even thought about a location for the stone to bring her to. It was nothing short of a miracle that she survived using the stone, and ended up in her own home on top of it. She knew that she should be grateful, and Naomi was relieved that she wasn't dead, but the revelation that she was largely unharmed and in her own dimension simply stacked onto her worries.

Chewing on her bottom lip, Naomi swung her legs over the side of her bed, a vague panic setting into her. The full and total reality of the situation dawned upon her as she stood, stumbling slightly. Shit, she was in her own dimension, and shit everyone probably though she was dead. She probably should be, Naomi thought as she staggered out of her room, her thoughts becoming fast paced and abstract. She instinctually reached her hand up to run it through her hair, but flexing her fingers sent another stab of pain through her hand, so she let it fall lax with a wince.

shit

"Shit." Naomi breathed, walking toward her kitchen. "Shit, shit, shit-"

"Shit, shit, shit-" There was a woman sitting at her table.

Naomi froze, staring at the stranger in her apartment. "What the shit?!"

"What the shit?!" The woman cocked an eyebrow at her crude language. She was older, perhaps in her late forties, with a tight face and severe bone structure. Her hair, black with a few hints of gray, was pulled back tightly, presumably into a bun. Her clothes matched her features, sharp and professional, a black suit with a crisp white collared shirt underneath. Her hands were folded neatly in her lap, legs crossed, posture straight, staring out at Naomi with an analytical expression. "Ms. Naomi Swanson." She spoke, voice clear and direct.

Naomi felt like she was back in college, getting stared down by a professor for swearing in class. She gulped thickly before speaking. "Who the hell are you?"

hell The woman blinked, the only sign that she was annoyed by Naomi's colorful language. "You may refer to me as Smith. I represent an organization known as the Watchers. I understand you are familiar." She said bluntly. Naomi frowned- the Watchers? She had heard of them, of course, but only as a part of the Marvel universe. She remembered coming across some text post about one of Stan Lee's cameo's connecting to the Watchers.

"Um, I thought the Watchers was an alien race?" Naomi said, edging closer to the table. There was a cup of coffee at the seat across from the woman- Smith- that was devastatingly tempting. There was even a straw in it, clearly meant for Naomi since she doubted she could pick anything up with the state her hands were in.

"Your knowledge is limited, then, in this case, Ms. Swanson." Smith observed. She looked pointedly from Naomi to the empty chair, a clear sign that she was meant to take a seat. Naomi hesitantly complied as Smith began speaking again. "The Watchers began as a single race, yes, however over time, and with the discovery of the Multiverse, they developed into a functioning organization tasked with the purpose of observing and recording the knowledge of the various dimensions. Are you following?"

Naomi nodded, bouncing her leg up and down to try and shake out some of her nerves. It wasn't the strangest, or most dangerous predicament she had been in, but Naomi had had a long day, on top of a long couple of weeks. And her hands didn't work, another was a stranger in her apartment. And she was in her apartment -

in apartment "Good. It is currently my role to walk you through the next few steps of this process, and adequately prepare you for my departure." Smith spoke eloquently enough that Naomi felt the impression that she should have a British accent, though the woman's voice lacked any accent that Naomi could pin down. "Do you have any questions?"

Naomi thought for a second. "Um... is this coffee poisoned?"

"No."

Naomi hunched over, sucking in as much caffeine as she could before straightening up again. She honestly couldn't care about her reputation at this point, although Smith's gaze lacked judgement. "Okay, second question, did you wrap up my arms?"

She nodded once, "Yes. Once you activated the Space Stone, our team was able to pick you up from your location, and bring you to our base." Naomi's eyebrows shot up. So she hadn't just appeared back home, it had been the Watchers doing. "Our medical team was able to halt the progression of the infinite power through your body. Without their efforts, you would have assuredly died."

That was a bit blunt, but once again, Naomi was rather desensitized to strange happenings and perilous situation by this point. At least now, she thought as she sucked in some more coffee, she knew why she had survived, and ended up back home. She contemplated it for a moment, before looking back to Smith, who had been waiting before continuing her explanation. "After the medics had completed their task, you were entrusted to my care. I brought you here, and bonded your arms so that you might awake with some semblance of peace." Smith paused, thinking for a moment. "Understand, Ms. Swanson, that your hands are still operational, albeit physical therapy will be required. However the use of an Infinity Stone is not without consequences, so you must prepare yourself before removing the bandages."

why Naomi pressed her lips together tightly, and nodded. Of course, some damage was to be expected, seeing as how she had used an Infinity Stone without being capable to contain its power. She was lucky the the Watchers had been there to ensure her survival. Naomi shuddered to think about what might have happened without them.

"Thank you, Smith. And tell the medics that I said thanks, too, please." Naomi said earnestly, still a bit shaken. Smith raised her eyebrows a fraction, and nodded. She seemed pleased, Naomi thought.

"Of course, Ms. Swanson."

"Call me Naomi, please."

Smith's eyebrows raised again, and if Naomi looked hard enough, she thought that she saw the ghost of a smile on the woman's harsh features. "Right then, Naomi, any more questions?"

Naomi chugged down the last of her cups contents before leaning back in her chair with a huff. "I have so many."

so





84. Multiverse





"Oooh. So that's what Red Skull meant." Naomi hummed, swinging her legs in the air. She had moved from the table to her tiny couch at some point during the day, lying across it even though it was short enough that her legs from the knees down hung over the side. Smith remained professional as ever, only readjusting herself in the chair a couple times and crossing and uncrossing her legs. Naomi couldn't imagine staying so still for so long. Even at the office, she had had a hard time sitting in one position for an extended time.

that's "Yes." Smith nodded. "Because you entered dimension 616 through one of our portals, your existence in 616 was effectively brought about by our organization. And because the Red Skull was unable to see beyond his own dimension, he perceived you as having been 'birthed,' in a sense, by the Watchers."

"I still can't believe it's actually called Earth 616." Naomi grinned, all too pleased with her new knowledge, courtesy of Smith. The woman had been extremely informative, and not to mention patient over the last two hours. Naomi hadn't been kidding when she said she had several questions. As soon as she started thinking about the Watchers, and the role they had played in her life, her Marvel-fan brain went on a joy-ride, picking at Smith for any and all details. Honestly, Naomi was a little disappointed in herself that she hadn't suspected something sooner. She had brushed off Red Skull's strange words because the situation had taken priority, but how was it that Naomi had never considered that there was a reason her phone could still pull up the internet from her dimension while in 616? It had been all too convenient for convincing heroes to believe her incredulous story, and for doing additional research on the MCU in order to defeat Thanos. Which Smith had been so kind as to inform Naomi that yes, Thanos had been defeated.

reason "As I explained earlier, dimensions in the Multiverse have a tendency to overlap in a multitude of ways. In this version of Earth," Smith raised a hand, gesturing around Naomi's dingy apartment, "alternate dimensions are prone to overlap in the form of media. Thus, the Marvel franchise was created." She finished, sounding rather deadpan for the incredulous information she kept dumping on Naomi. From the couch, Naomi glanced at the woman, her eyebrows shooting up.

"Wait a minute..." Naomi chewed her lip, "does that mean that the creators of the Marvel brand could see through dimensions?" She gasped, making a mental effort not to raise her hands up, or clench her fists. Her fingers were still giving the woman hell whenever she inadvertently moved them. But Naomi could hardly care about that now, she was too busy trying to connect all the dots from the information Smith gave out so care freely, as if it were no big deal.

"No. The multiverse is not so transparent as that." Smith said. Naomi grinned mischievously, staring up at her ceiling.

"Except in the universe where it is." She retorted. Naomi over, trying to see if she could get any sort of reaction from the woman. If she strained her eyes, she thought that maybe the corners of Smith's mouth were raised-

maybe "Correct." Any amusement on her face washed away, back to business. "Any more questions, Naomi?"

Naomi huffed, momentarily giving up on trying to make the other woman crack a real smile. She knew that she should have asked Smith about this way earlier, considering the manner in which Naomi left, but to be honest she just needed a second to breathe. Everything in the MCU was always happening so fast, and Naomi had thought she was going to die a few more times than she was comfortable with. Apparently the Watchers had been helping to ensure that she didn't die, pulling some strings behind the scenes to create some classic MCU coincidences, but it didn't help to ease Naomi's consciousness. And yet, she knew that she couldn't lie down forever, and that there were people who cared about her deeply that were likely under the impression Naomi was dead. It was time to get up and go.

didn't

"So, can I go back to Earth 616?"

Smith didn't answer immediately. Naomi's shoulders tensed, she could practically feel the calculating gaze coming from the Watcher at her kitchen table. After a few seconds, Smith seemed to decide something, Naomi catching a strange expression on her face when she finally glanced over. "Yes. You may."

She couldn't help the grin that spread over her face, the breath of relief that flowed through her. With a grunt, Naomi pulled herself up into a sitting position, mentally noting that she would need to work on her core if her arms would be out of commission for much longer. Carefully, she rested her forearms on her knees an leaned forward, gazing at Smith expectantly. She blinked once at Naomi's behavior, then continued. "The Watchers will aid you in returning to 616, but after that our presence in your life will diminish greatly. You may not rely on us for free travel through the multiverse." Smith warned, her voice growing even more serious. She looked Naomi dead in the eyes as she spoke, ensuring that the younger woman took her seriously.

"Okay..." Naomi frowned, thinking deeply for a moment. "Will there be any way for me to travel on my own?" She questioned, going out on a limb but praying for it to work. Smith stared at her, gaze momentarily flickering down to her wrapped hands.

"That will depend on you, Naomi. I would advise you to practice caution, however. I have witnessed your reckless nature firsthand, remember." She revealed, standing up and brushing off her slacks. Naomi rushed to stand as well, jostling her left hand slightly in the process and wincing. She was really going to need to ask Strange about some physical therapy once she saw him. Naomi bounced on the heels of her feet slightly, the excitement about seeing everyone finally getting to her. She knew that it would likely be more depressing than anything else, since she might as well have been coming back from the dead, but it was still exciting. She was aching to see everyone safe and sound, especially Tony and Loki.

Reaching up, Smith pulled a thick, black object from her inner coat pocket. The realization that it was actually a phone hit Naomi when Smith flipped it open, proceeding to press several of the buttons in a focused manner. Naomi stepped closer, standing at her side and observing the phone with undisguised interest. It was nothing like an iPhone, its purpose seemingly to solely take and receive calls and texts. Not to mention that it was built like a Nokia, meaning that Naomi doubted she could break the thing if she tried, which was good considering her record of cracking her screens.

As she watched, Smith created a contact in the phone, the first contact, and proceeded to punch in Naomi's cell number. It was a little strange that the woman could recall he phone number from memory, but Naomi hardly found it the oddest thing about Smith, or anything in her life recently. Smith saved the contact under 'Naomi Swanson,' before handing the phone over to Naomi herself. She took it gingerly, cradling it in her palms so as not to overwork her fingers. Seeing as it was coming from Smith, a literal Watcher of the multiverse, Naomi took special interest in the phone, even non-smart phones were practically useless in the modern world.

"When you are prepared, call your cell number. Because your personal phone remains on 616, calling it will create a small, but solid link between the dimensions for a limited time. HQ will aid you in using that link to transverse dimensions, but remember that it will not happen again." Smith said, hands folded behind her back. Naomi nodded seriously, before raising an eyebrow as a question hit her.

"Hey, if you can go through dimensions with cell phones, why did I find that group of Watchers doing weird cult stuff to open a portal in an alley?" She prodded, remembering her confusion when she happened across that group what felt like years ago. She couldn't imagine what would have happened had Naomi chosen to leave them well enough alone.

"This kind of technology is reserved for higher-ups. Congratulations." Smith said dryly. Naomi smirked, glad to see some sliver of humor within the woman. She decided not to push the issue further, simply observing as Smith pulled a small card out of her other jacket pocket, holding it between two fingers as she offered it to Naomi. "This is my card. Do not call me."

"Gotcha." Naomi grinned, with every intention to call her with more questions. She let Smith drop the card into her palm, carefully transferring it to her pants pocket. Smith took a step back, giving Naomi a pointed stare. It was go time. Naomi nodded, biting her lip in anticipation as she stared down at the phone in her palm. The contact was already opened, so all she had to do was press the 'Call' button. Naomi took a deep breath, nodding to herself as she worked up the courage to press the button. She didn't have any reservations, she just knew it was going to hurt like a bitch when she pressed down.

Naomi hovered her finger over the button, before glancing back up at Smith with a smile. "Hasta la vista, Smithy."

She pushed the call button, pain instantly shooting through her finger. Smith raised an eyebrow at her, but the woman's face was not unkind, which was enough for Naomi.





---





Worlds away, Naomi's iPhone lit up with an unknown caller ID.





85. Distracted





Naomi blinked. Then blinked again. The expansive, white room in front of her had appeared in her vision almost immediately. She had been looking at Smith when she pushed the button, and a second later her vision turned black, though she hadn't closed her eyes. Before Naomi could comprehend what was happening, this room appeared in place of Smith and her apartment. Clearing her throat, Naomi looked down at the phone, the small screen displaying that it was still calling her cell. She nodded in an attempt to clear her head, and looked up to get a better bearing of her surroundings. She was standing next to a large bed, which was laid against one wall of a luxurious, yet sparse bedroom. There was a small living room in the far right corner, along with a full bar opposite. Naomi raised an eyebrow with a smile. If the call had worked, this was definitely Tony's room.

Turning in place, Naomi looked behind her to see she was just inches away from a bedside table, upon which her cell- set to silent- was lit up with an unknown caller. "Very good, then." She smiled, hanging up the call. It didn't hurt her finger nearly as much to work with a touchscreen, as opposed to the hard little buttons on Smith's phone. Her pointer still felt sore from pushing the call button- and, Naomi realized as she though of it- so did her arms. There was a faint tingling sensation under all of the wrappings, which only piqued Naomi's curiosity about the state of her forearms underneath. The most important thing was that they were functional- albeit her fingers were annoyingly weak and stiff.

Naomi shrugged it off, sliding both phones into her back pockets with some difficulty. Not only did her arms sting something fierce, the Asgardian leather wasn't exactly prone to stretching. Naomi cursed internally- she really should have changed in her apartment. She had been wearing the same outfit for god knows how long... Naomi stopped her train of thought suddenly. When she focused on it, she had been wearing the Asgardian clothes for what, maybe two days? It came as quite a shock, to think about just how short of a time she had had in this dimension. It was almost frighting the amount of experiences she went through in so short a time, not to mention the connections she made. Hell, she even fell in-

Naomi's thoughts jerked to a stop again. Loki . She was getting distracted, standing around in Tony's room thinking about the last time she did laundry. What she needed to be thinking about was getting to Loki, as soon as possible. Or Tony, or Bruce or Thor, any of the Avengers really. Naomi just needed to get into contact with someone so she could assure them that she was not, in fact, dead. She looked around the room, quickly noting the door and making her way out. Smith had informed her that she had been out cold for around two days, which hadn't been the longest Naomi had ever slept for, but still alarming. She entered into an even larger room, with an even larger living area, and not to mention a larger bar. Tony had his priorities in check, all right. Naomi could help but smile as she sped up, walking a little faster across the room towards the elevator. She hadn't been in Tony's living space before at the complex, but Naomi knew him well enough to know that the man held an entire floor to himself. No point in staying on it if he wasn't in there.

Loki Awkwardly, Naomi pushed the down button with her elbow, unwilling to abuse her fingers any further. After a moment, the metal doors opened with a ding, and she stepped inside, pressing the first floor button the same way. She figured the best thing to do would be to make her way to the lobby, and try to see if any SHIELD staff had been brought back to work reception. After all, the Avengers complex was a vast area, and without any real idea where the heroes were, Naomi figured wandering around wouldn't do her much good. The chances of her running into anyone of significance on accident were quite slim-

The elevator halted on the third floor, doors sliding open smoothly to accommodate more riders. Naomi froze up in sheer disbelief as Steve, Sam, Bucky, and Natasha all filed in. Perhaps she should have been starstruck, as she had been when first meeting the likes of Peter and Tony. But now, Naomi only closed her eyes in exasperation that of course , she would just happen to run into four superheroes at once. In a huge complex with several buildings, hundreds of rooms, and countless other elevators. Damn universe 616.

of course Naomi glanced around at them as the doors closed. Dressed casually, they had placed themselves on the opposite end of the elevator, standing at but not leaning against any of the walls as Naomi had done. When she suddenly made eye contact with Natasha, it dawned upon Naomi that she had never met any of them, and they had only seen her at a distance from across a battlefield, getting just a tad strangled. From their tense body language, she guessed that they were thinking she might be a threat. Naomi cursed herself again for not changing out of the Asgardian armor- it wasn't helping her case. Ah well. Naomi had been through too much to be intimidated by talking to anyone, especially now that she had some coffee in her.

Naomi cleared her throat, drawing their immediate attention. She threw a lazy smirk at Steve, "Before we get started... does anyone wanna get out?"

His mildly alarmed expression made Naomi snort with amusement, even though all four of them had adjusted their footing into an offensive stance. She supposed that it might not have been the best line to say as an introduction to four on-edge people who could all whoop her ass with one hand, but Naomi just shrugged it off. "Sorry 'bout that. Force of habit." She smiled, raising her hands up a bit to indicate she didn't mean any harm. Natasha's eyes stayed trained on her face, watching for any hints of deception, no doubt, but Naomi saw Bucky's gaze flicker to her bandaged hands. Maintaining her easy smile, Naomi stuck out a hand toward Steve, before quickly realizing her mistake and retracting it. "Better not, actually. My hands are a little banged up, grabbing at the Space Stone and all." She shrugged, ignoring how tense the small space was.

The elevator came to a stop, the four still staring down Naomi with clear confusion and suspicion. Well, Natasha was staring up, actually, but still managing to look very intimidating. Naomi sighed, mentally reminding herself to stop getting sidetracked so she could get to Loki and Tony.

"How did you know that?" Steve questioned, his voice deep and clear. Naomi smiled, still delighted to be meeting the four though she wasn't intimidated by them. By this point, she had forgotten how to see the heroes like she used to, like they were fantastical characters out of movies come to life. Now, she realized, Naomi looked out and saw four people. Respectable people, yes, who had done many heroic deeds and fought against the odds, but people none the less. It was refreshing.

"My name is Naomi Swanson." She grinned, watching their faces fall, eyes wide and mouths slacking open. "You might have heard that I'm a prophet," the door opened, ding cutting through her speech. Naomi stepped out, loving every second as the four followed out after her, expressions comically stricken.

"Yeah, a dead one." Sam pointed out, eyebrows arched. Naomi shrugged.

"You also might have heard that. It's wrong. Obviously."

"Wait," Nat said. "I remember you, you took a swing at Thanos."

"And missed." Bucky grunted, crossing his arms. Naomi clicked her tongue, feeling a tad embarrassed now that they were brining up her iffy performance on the field. Not her fault that Strange shoved a sword into her hands and portal-ed her in front of the Titan.

"Well, the Avengers won in the end, that's all that matters. Besides, my expertise tends to be quoting random dialogue from your past, present, and future." Naomi grinned, getting back into her groove. With the sense of impending doom that Thanos had given her gone, Naomi found it a lot easier to joke around and mess with superheroes. "Now, can anyone point me in the direction of Loki, and or Tony? I need to tell them I'm not, you know," Naomi shrugged, "dead."





86. Reunion





"Tell me my horoscope, then."

"That's not how it works, Sam."

Naomi trailed after Steve and Natasha, who were leading the way through the complex, and only whispering secretively to each other occasionally. According to Steve, Tony had called Stephen in, but for what reason, he didn't know. It was surprising for Naomi to hear that most all of the heroes had assumed Stephen to be a traitor, working for Thanos. She supposed that she couldn't have known what went on on Earth while she was away, and that it likely looked like Strange got her killed, but Naomi knew that he was on their side. After all, Thanos was dead, wasn't he? Stephen had held up his end of the bargain, as far as Naomi was concerned. Giving her a sword and shoving her at Thanos had also no doubt been a part of his plan.

No matter what the heroes now thought of Stephen, he was here now, and so was Tony and Loki, which were Naomi's priorities at the moment. She simply needed to follow Steve and Nat to wherever they were, while also fending off Sam and Bucky's comedic probing.

"So where's the crystal ball at?" Sam grinned, enjoying himself far too much as he walked next to Naomi. Bucky, on her other side, cracked a smile. She simply sighed good-naturedly, as Naomi had expected nothing less from the unlikely pair of friends. The entire 'prophet' shtick had gotten far too out of hand.

"Maybe she reads Tarot cards." Bucky joined in, his tone less teasing than Sam's but still poking fun at Naomi.

"I'm not a real prophet, you know that right?" Naomi raised a brow, looking between the two of them. Their expressions lifted slightly in surprise- showing that clearly no, they weren't aware. "It's just one of Tony's jokes." She shrugged.

"Then where do you get your information?" Natasha suddenly spoke up without turning around. Her question startled Naomi slightly, she hadn't been aware that Nat was listening in. She shouldn't have been surprised though, seeing as the shorter, now blond woman was an ex-Russian spy.

"It's a long story that we can go over another time." Naomi said. If Tony hadn't bothered to tell them she was from a different dimension, she wouldn't worry about it now. She had to stay focused on actually getting to Tony and Loki, Team Cap could wait. It would take hours to explain everything, and she simply couldn't afford that right now. They rounded a corner, entering into another hallway that looked exactly the same. Honestly, she had no idea how anyone found their way anywhere in the complex. It was simply all white walls and glass and high-tech elevators. It was almost as unoriginal as Asgard.

"You said that you knew the past, present, and future. Were you lying?" Steve looked back at her, eyes stony. Naomi could tell that she hadn't quite won their trust yet, which was a tad disheartening to her, but ultimately unimportant at the moment. She had a goal, and she was sticking to it- finding the people who would be affected most by her 'death.'

"No, I wasn't lying to you. I'm just being vague and uncooperative." She shrugged. "But I know stuff, yeah."

"Stuff?" Sam repeated, "like what?"

Naomi arched an eyebrow. "I already quoted Cap in the elevator. I know stuff like that." Sam looked surprised for a moment, before turning to look ahead at Steve with a disbelieving grin.

"You said that? That dramatic-" Sam deepened his voice comically, barely succeeding at suppressing his laughter, " anybody wanna get out - kinda shit?" Bucky and Nat added quiet chuckles to Sam's boisterous laughter, and although Naomi couldn't see it, she would bet money that Steve cracked a smile.

anybody wanna get out "It was in the heat of the moment." Steve pitifully defended himself, his tone lighthearted. Beside Naomi, Bucky rolled his eyes.

"You say stuff like that all the time, like I-"



"can do this all day?" Naomi finished Bucky's sentence, her expression almost bored as the ex-assassin whipped his head toward her with startled eyes. Steve halted for a moment, prompting the entire group to stop walking as he looked back at Naomi. She fought the urge to chew on her lip, instead looking over Steve's face for any sign that she had offended him. She really needed to curb her habit of finishing people's sentences, it would undoubtedly land her in shit one day if she kept it up. But to her relief, Steve seemed mostly surprised, and perhaps a little impressed. He turned around to keep walking, Nat at his side and the rest following behind.

"You really know your stuff huh? I guess I can see why Tony was so insistent upon you." Steve said. Natasha hummed in agreement.

"He never shut up about you." She remarked. Naomi couldn't decided if her tone was annoyed or approving, but she hardly cared either way. She smiled at their words, happy and just a tad proud to hear that Tony had advocated for her. If anything, it made Naomi all the more anxious to see him again.

"I don't think Tony shuts up about anything." Naomi snorted with a smirk, prompting scattered laughter from the heroes surrounding her. Suddenly, Steve and Nat stopped once more, now in front of a door- though it had no handle. It was clouded glass, the only indication to what was inside being hazy shadows cast against it. Nat turned to look at her, eyes retaining an amount of caution.

"It's best if we go in first." She explained, voice firm. Naomi's shoulders slumped slightly, but she gave no resistance. It likely was best if she didn't simply charge through the door and give everyone a heart attack by revealing she was alive. So she waited, trying not to fidget with her hands as Steve asked FRIDAY to open the door. The AI did so, swinging it open slowly and allowing Steve to enter alongside Nat, then swinging back to shut it securely. Sam and Bucky waited outside with Naomi, leaned against the wall with impatient expressions. She could tell that they had loads more questions for her, and the thought of spending more time with them made Naomi excited, but that feeling paled in comparison to her need to see Tony again. Steve hadn't known where Loki was, so Naomi could only pray that he was either with Tony, or that he would know where he was. The realization of just how long Naomi had put off her reunion with the people important to her was jarring, though she had been asleep for most of it.

Face falling into a frown, she gnawed on her bottom lip as she thought about how she would feel if she thought either Tony or Loki had been dead. To say it was painful was underwhelming. Truly, it was remarkable how tightly she had grown attached to them, how quickly she had formed a solid, intimate bond with both of them, albeit in different ways. Naomi craned her head back until it hit the wall with a dull thud, staring up at the pristine ceiling. Her relationship with Loki had grown especially fast, a whirlwind of witty comments and tearful late-night conversations that culminated in those three special words. Naomi didn't regret them, and she prayed that Loki still felt the same. There was simply so many steps they skipped, so little time spent together in the grand scheme of things. It made Naomi's heart ache as she realized that there was so much she didn't know about Loki, and that he knew even less about her. But, she thought as a sweet smile curled onto her lips, if everything worked out, they could have all the time in the world to find out.

The door flew open, banging against the wall with a hard thud. Naomi jolted, knocking her forearms against the wall as she pushed away from it, wincing. Bucky also started, instinctively squaring his shoulders as he stared at the doorway with wide eyes.

"-swear to GOD Rogers-" Tony's voice erupted in the air once the door opened, the man himself stalking angrily out into the hallway not too soon after. Clearly, trying to break the news to Tony gently hadn't gone well. Despite that, Naomi's face broke out into a grin once she saw him, dressed up in one of his suits and yelling at Steve. It took Tony a second once he stepped into the hallway, but as soon as Naomi came within his sights, he froze. She simply stood in place with a breathy smile and watched his expression morph from shock to disbelief. Tony's mouth fell open slightly as he looked her over, gaze lingering on her bandaged arms for a moment before returning to her face. His eyes were wide, and wet, and Naomi was sure that hers were too as he slowly walked towards her. He reached out, pulling her into a tight hug which she reciprocated gladly, ignoring the pain in her arms. He let out a breathy laugh, moving one of his hands to cup the back of her head, as you would a child. Naomi rested her forehead on his shoulder, her grin never wavering. Tony's embrace was warm and reassuring, conveying to her everything he failed to say out loud.

Neither of them noticed, but Bucky took it upon himself to slowly and quietly usher everyone out of the hallway, even Stephen Strange, who emerged from the room only to freeze upon seeing Naomi. His baffled expression would have been comical to anyone but Natasha, who forced him to keep moving down the hallway so Tony and Naomi could have their reunion in private.

After a while, Tony spoke, "Hey kid."

"Hey Tin Man."

He laughed, Naomi could feel the rumble in his chest. "Hepburn," Tony gave the obligatory reply. "You scared me there, you know?"

Naomi felt a pang in her chest, his voice carried hints of the grief that, until now, had hung over him. "I'm sorry." She muttered into his shoulder, voice muffled by his suit. He took in a deep breath, exhaling through his mouth in a relieved manner.

"From now on, only I'm allowed to pull the sacrifice stunts, okay?"

"Like hell I'm letting you do that."

Both of them smiled.





87. Laughter





"Aw, really?" Naomi asked with a grin, glancing sideways at Tony, who laughed.

"Yep. I leave him alone for 5 minutes, and all of a sudden- the kid's playing dollies with an alien tree and a literal princess." He shook his head in an exasperated manner, but Naomi could hear the smile in his tone. It was nice to hear that Peter had made friends with the other teens, though the three of them together would no doubt be a big headache for their parents. She had hoped to see Peter in person, but Tony had informed her that he had already sent the kid back home for school, so she would be face timing him later. A good enough method, Naomi supposed, for letting someone know she wasn't dead. However there was still several heroes remaining in the complex that Naomi needed to touch base with, most importantly Loki.

Unfortunately, Tony hadn't known where the mischievous man had gotten to, so they decided on finding Thor instead. Naomi could reveal that she was alive, and hopefully find out where Loki was in one move. Currently, Tony was leading her towards the dining room, where FRIDAY had detected Thor, Bruce, and Valkyrie all together. Naomi had been disappointed that even FRIDAY was unable to locate her maybe-boyfriend, but she would get to him eventually.

Her and Tony had picked up their usual repertoire almost immediately, after he got over the shock of seeing her alive and well. He was all too eager to start complaining about Cap, and the Guardians, and Thor's group, and pretty much anyone that wasn't Rhodey or Peter. Naomi listened to it all with a grin, butting in occasionally to add her two cents. She had no doubt that later she would be recounting her space travels to him in the same way- though Tony was more prone to interrupting than she was.

"You wouldn't even BELIEVE half the stunts the wonder team has tried to pull-" Tony waved his hands dramatically as he whined about the Guardians yet again, "- the little skunk one keeps trying to invade the air vents and take apart all the walls, and the blue guy refuses to believe that I was inside the Iron Man suit. He thinks it's a different goddamn person!"

refuses Naomi snorted with laughter, nodding at Tony to provide some sympathy. "Aw, poor baby." She pouted at him playfully, dodging his hand as he swatted her away.

"Yes, I am a poor baby. You should pity me. Maybe buy me something to make me feel better." He said matter-of-factly, speeding up to walk backwards in front of her. Naomi hummed in response, raising an eyebrow at his antics. Checking behind him, Tony stopped at a large glass door. "Here we are, ladies first." He said, opening it and promptly walking through first. She sighed, but couldn't help but smile. Tony was quite the handful, but she loved him for it. Taking a second to brace herself, Naomi stepped through after him, entering into the large dining room that looked exactly like every other room in the complex. Seriously, Tony had to have some sort of obsession with white walls and glass.

Immediately, all activity in the room froze. Naomi took special notice when Bruce dropped his spoon into his cereal bowl, the splash cutting through the silence.

"Oh my god." Valkyrie spoke first, staring at Naomi with a deadpan expression. The woman's eyebrows hitched upwards slightly in disbelief. Naomi didn't have much time to respond before Thor and Bruce rushed at her, however.

"Oh my- Naomi, I don't- well how the... I- what?" Bruce sputtered incoherently, eyes wide as saucepans. Thor took it a little better. He clapped his hands down onto her shoulders, leaning down slightly to her eye level. Naomi frowned slightly, a tad confused.

"You have been hanging around my brother far too much." He said to her, in complete and utter sincerity. It took all she had not to burst out laughing in his face, though she could hear that Tony wasn't even trying to hold back his cackling.

Thor ignored Tony, continuing, "Now, I'm overjoyed that you've returned to us, but this cannot become a habit of yours, alright?" He peered at her, serious but still warm. Naomi smiled, and nodded to him.

"Alright Thor, I promise I won't die again."

"Okay wait-" Bruce interjected, clearly in distress. "So you did die? But you're here?" He ran his hands through his graying hair, squinting at her. "And I- I'm happy about that, you know... but, but the Space Stone-"

"Okay wait-" did happy Valkyrie, coming up behind Bruce, shoved a bottle into his mouth, effectively shutting the scientist up. He hesitated for a moment, before accepting the bottle and taking a large swig of its contents. Pulling away from the liquor, Bruce gasped for air before looking around at everyone's endlessly amused faces. Naomi was actually becoming a bit concerned for Tony, with how hard the man was laughing.

"Oh yes, what did happen to that pesky little thing, do you have it?" Thor asked, satisfied with Naomi's promise to not 'die' a second time.

"Oh, no, the Watchers confiscated it." Naomi shrugged. "I'll explain later." She added, seeing the widespread confusion as to who the 'watchers' were."

"Ooo, the Watchers!" Thor grinned, "sounds spooky."

Bruce took another swig of his drink. Valkyrie looked vaguely impressed.

" Right . It's been amazing to see you all, but I do need to find Loki." Naomi spoke up, hesitant to leave them so soon, but also very eager to find the elusive raven-haired man. Upon hearing this, Thor narrowed his eyes suspiciously.

Right do "Why? Are you two..." He trailed off, thinking deeply. Naomi gulped, a little apprehensive about how much Thor knew. She and Loki weren't exactly keeping their relationship a secret, but she would rather not talk about it with Thor before she even knew what was happening between her and Loki. It was hard to put a label on what exactly they were, but the first step to decide that would be for him to realize she was actually alive. Naomi supposed that would be helpful.

"Going to go die or something?" Thor finished, once again lapsing into complete sincerity while saying something absolutely ridiculous. Naomi simply stared at him in disbelief while literally everyone else fell into laughter. Even Bruce seemed to be amused, though that might have just been whatever was in that bottle Valkyrie gave him. Naomi prayed it wasn't too strong, she didn't feel like taking care of another one of Bruce's hangovers. Thor looked around at them, confused. "What? It's a serious question- he's being a bad influence on her!" This only increased their laughter, Tony grabbing onto Naomi's shoulder for support as he doubled over.

"Dear god, that's just gold." He wheezed, dramatically wiping a tear from his eye. Naomi chuckled, shoving him off with a muttered 'oh jesus.' "Ah. But yeah, we need to see reindeer games stat." Tony reminded Thor, who huffed, but gave in.

"I believe he went to the courtyard. Naomi's demise affected him greatly- I wasn't aware you two were close." Thor said somberly. The mood grew heavier, Naomi turning to Tony with a meaningful look. He nodded, and started toward the door.

"Thank you, Thor. And um, sorry for the death scare, everyone." Naomi grimaced, following Tony and sending them a small wave. Valkyrie nodded at her before snatching her bottle away from Bruce, who protested weakly. He would definitely have a wicked hangover later. Hopefully he wouldn't forget the entire encounter and freak when he saw Naomi again later.

"Good luck, Lady Naomi." Thor smiled kindly, waving her off. Naomi rolled her eyes at the title, but smiled nonetheless, giving another wave as she slipped out the door behind Tony. With a contented sigh, Tony put a hand on her shoulder before giving her a wry smile.

"Let's go find your little boyfriend."

"Oh my god Tony."

god





88. Always





Naomi and Tony crossed over the complex's threshold, stepping out onto the grassy field surrounding the facility. Thor had instructed them to go to the courtyard, although seeing as the facility didn't have a courtyard, they had instead decided on wandering the luscious grounds in search of Loki. They walked side by side, making small chit chat to fill the air. Tony could clearly see Naomi's apprehension at seeing Loki again- her excitement mixed with nervousness making for an interesting display of fidgeting hands and wide eyes.

Tony hadn't had much time to think on the pair's relationship- which was very clearly more than friendship despite Naomi's protests that he wasn't her boyfriend. His first impression of Loki had been less than delightful, as the man had appeared to be some sort of cocky, glory-driven psychopath over anything else. Though- and Tony would never admit this to anyone outside of possibly Naomi- he had found the God to be rather funny at the time. If Loki had remained the same deranged grease-ball that he had been in 2012, Tony wouldn't have even entertained the idea of him and Naomi being at all romantically connected. It was still odd to think about, but his perception of Loki had admittedly begun to shift before he had even encountered him again.

possibly It brought a small smile to Tony's face, tuning out of Naomi's story about some drunken adventure on Asgard as he reminisced. Those first few days he had known Naomi were some of the most formative of their relationship, in his opinion. Endless hours of pouring over research, scrolling through her prophetic phone for information on anyone and everyone as they tried to hatch a plan to save the universe. It had been tiring, and more emotionally stressful than either would like to confess, but looking back Tony mainly remembered the good parts. The laughs, the drinks, and the little moments when Tony was able to see into Naomi's personality, to see what drove her to stay up late trying to save people she didn't actually know. And to some extent, Tony still didn't know. She was an enigma, Naomi Swanson, and he was sure that if he asked her, Naomi herself wouldn't be able to fully explain why she had been so willing to drop her entire life for this mission. But what Tony did know- and came to learn very quickly during their planning- was that Naomi was passionate.

He could remember so clearly, her speaking about every hero they discussed with vigor, bringing up their good and bad traits, their backstory and their beliefs. She was so determined that every hero was worth saving, and perhaps that could be described as naivet, but Tony found it endearing. Even when they arrived at the more controversial figures, Naomi kept up her attitude, and went so far as to brand Loki as one of the 'heroes,' much to Tony's shock.

Naomi seemed different when she spoke about Loki. Perhaps it was the way she spoke quicker, or her hands moved wildly about as she described his motives and his childhood, or how her cheeks flushed ever so slightly, but Naomi had always held him in a different light than the others. It was the only reason Tony had considered teaming up with the man- he wanted to see if the newly reformed Loki was worthy of all Naomi thought him to be. Of course, the Stark hadn't decided that yet, but he figured that Loki was good enough to deserve a proper reunion with Naomi. He could give the God of Mischief a stern talking to about his intentions after Loki found out Naomi was even alive.

after Tony hummed quietly in response to Naomi- still not fully listening. Instead, he allowed his mind to peacefully wander to what interrogation techniques he would use on Loki later as he appreciated the setting sun over the grass. He could ask Natasha later, he thought, before getting jolted out of his headspace by Naomi, who put her hand on his shoulder.

"Hey, I think that's him!" She gasped, using her free hand to gesture toward the edge of the clearing, where he could dimly make out a figure standing near the trees. He squinted, making out dark, form-fitted clothing and what appeared to be long, black hair. Not to mention the man's impeccable posture, evident even from this distance.



"Ah, there's the bastard." Tony said. A swat to his shoulder made them both grimace in pain, as Naomi's arms were still giving her grief and Tony was overdramatic. "Okay, okay. So maybe he's not a total bastard-"

Naomi gave him a pointed look.

"Fine. You win." He put his hands up in surrender. "There's the man-God thing of your dreams. Now go run off into the sunset together-"

"Jesus Christ, Tony!" Naomi whisper-screamed, glaring up at him. He just laughed in return, beginning to walk backwards towards the compound to leave them two alone.

"Jesus Christ, "Okay now be safe, young lady! I want you back by ten o'clock, you hear!" Tony said, taking great amusement in the way she groaned in frustration and glanced back toward Loki to see if he had overheard- which, if he had, he hadn't reacted to the noise.

"Okay Dad ." Naomi replied sarcastically, but it was hard to keep the smile out of her voice, or off of her face as she watched Tony turn to walk back to the buildings. She could hardly be annoyed by all of Tony's teasing, especially since it had helped keep her mind off of the difficult conversation ahead.

Dad Steadily, Naomi breathed in, then out, focusing on the rhythmic beat of her heart. Turning back toward the trees, she looked over Loki's stiff figure, frowning slightly. She had never known him to be so still- simply standing there, staring forward into the small bundle of trees separating the facility's grounds from a large pond. She started forward, her footsteps softened by the well-manicured grass. As she neared, her eyes began to pick up on more details in the fading sunlight. His hair was more unruly than usual, as if perhaps it had been done correctly but then run through with a pair of hands several times, creating fly aways and a slight frizz. His suit, too, was not up to Loki's usual standards as Naomi could see wrinkles on the back of his jacket, not to mention the lived-in appearance of his slacks.

Naomi bit her bottom lip, speeding up slightly. It was worrying to see Loki in a disgruntled state, as the man usually kept his exterior immaculate to compensate for his admittedly troubled mental state. Naomi had thought that things were getting better with him through their late night talks and such, but it seemed her 'death' might have sent the man into a downward spiral since he was now allowing his outward state to reflect whatever was going on in his head.

"Stop, Thor." Loki's voice suddenly rang out, stopping her in her tracks. "You know I do not wish to see anyone."

Naomi hesitated for a moment, still several feet away from him. Her frown deepened- his tone was clear and strong- but having known Loki for longer, she knew better than to look on the surface to figure out how he was doing. The undertone of Loki's voice gave him away, there was a raw, worn quality to it that worried Naomi.

"I'm not Thor." She replied, calling out a bit loudly in her haste. The effect on Loki was immediate. His figure tensed- shoulders locking inward, hands at his sides clenching into fists. Naomi tried calling out again,

"Loki-"

"Stop." There was no attempt to hide the inner turmoil this time, as Loki's voice emerged as a pained hiss that she strained to hear. "Stop this trickery." Naomi bit deeper into her lip, edging closer to him.

"It's not a trick, Loki... I'm here."

Loki stayed silent for a long while, the only noise between them the light press of Naomi's boots against the grass. She stopped a few feet away, pressing her hands to her chest despite the pain because she needed the comfort. His form was trembling lightly- from fear of allowing himself to hope she was alive, only to have it dashed when he turned around, or anger at the thought of someone tricking him using her voice, or whatever else, Naomi couldn't tell. She could only see that he was hurting, and it pierced her deeply. She felt responsible for it- from pulling that stupid sacrifice stunt in the first place to not racing to find him as soon as she could.

Naomi shifted her weight nervously, unable to stand still. One hand reached out slowly, separating from her chest inch by inch, craning out to touch him. She feared startling him in this fragile state, but she needed him to believe her, needed him to realize that she was okay. She whispered, "Loki..."

Painstakingly slowly, Loki turned. His pale face, illuminated by the glow of dusk, appeared tight- composure maintained but shattering by the second. Trembling lips pressed together was barely enough to suppress the quiver of his jaw, which seemed to shake his entire form. His eyebrows turned up slightly, a small crease formed between them. Loki's eyes, however, gave him away the most. Rimmed in red and bloodshot, a heart-wrenching mist laid over them that threatened to spill over at any moment. The color of his irises seemed diluted as they flickered over her face rapidly, searching vainly for any sign that she was an illusion, or some sick spell cast upon him.

Naomi's own vision grew blurry, pain in her arms forgotten as she reached to him slowly with both hands. "I'm here." She repeated, trying to pour all of her emotion into the simple words to convince him of the fact. Loki stayed silent, eyes widening as his breathing deepened- slowly, it appeared to dawn upon him that she was, in fact, alive and in front of him. Naomi's breath hitched when his gaze slid down to her hands, outstretched in the distance between them- but still hesitant to touch. With a gulp, and quaking fingers of his own, Loki reached, and closed the gap, interlocking his pale hands with hers. Naomi let out a gasp of a breath at the contact- not from the sudden physical pain, but from the relief that he seemed to be accepting her as real. He stared at their hands, concentrating intensely on the feeling of her fingers fitted against his, palms pressed together. She kept her eyes on his face, watching the panes of his expression shift as the realization overcame him. Loki's came up to meet hers for a split second, ripping his hands away before grasping her torso and pulling her into him. Naomi faltered before returning the embrace, the stinging in her palms growing harder to ignore. Instead, she focused on the way his arms pressed against her back, the feeling of his cheek against her temple and his hair falling into her hopelessly blurry vision. They clung to each other unabashedly, standing serenely still in the fading light.

"I'm here." "Naomi..." Loki breathed, shoulders relaxing slightly as he exhaled the word. She grinned into his suit, the heartache of seeing him so devastated easing with every second. Again, he pulled away from her only to crane back in, pressing his lips to hers in a desperate kiss she returned eagerly. Afterwards, the couple contented themselves with holding each other, drinking in the moment of sweet relief.

"Naomi..." "I'm sorry I left." Naomi said bleakly, knowing that words could hardly make up for whatever she had put Loki through. She couldn't see his expression, only felt the way her pulled her even closer.

"Promise me that you won't ever again." He whispered, voice burdened with intensity.

"I promise." Naomi replied immediately, clenching her eyes shut. "I'll never leave you again." Her heartbeat thundered at the commitment, every fiber of her being hellbent on staying true to her word. Loki sighed against her, content.

"Come then, darling. It grows dark."

Hands clasped together firmly, they began the walk back to the complex- its artificial lights replacing where the sunlight had left them. They walked slowly, soothed by each other's presence in the absence of everyone else. For the moment, all they needed was each other- and the promise that they would stay by one another's side, always.





