Introduction


Title: Bending the Rules (The Rules, #1)...

Copyright by: reannekennedy17

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/162756571-bending-the-rules-the-rules-1-revising

Synopsis: | WATTYS 2020 WINNER | CURRENTLY REVISING Brenna Harrison has direction, ambition, and a single mother who is intent on giving her the best life she could possibly have. She also has mad skills when it comes to hockey. Being the only girl to play in the league has given her a reputation that makes the other boys respect (and sometimes hate) her. She's tough and determined and won't let anything stop her from playing the sport she loves. The only person that can seem to get under her skin is Shea Smith. Shea Smith has resented Brenna for a while now. He sees her as a threat to being the best hockey player in the Okanagan. And the fact that she's a girl is what makes his attitude sour. Girls aren't supposed to be better than boys when it comes to hockey, but there's Brenna, making it look as simple as addition and subtraction. When their final year of high school starts up, Brenna and Shea find themselves with parallel timetables. The two of them already see enough of each other when facing-off during hockey games. Can they make it through the school year without killing each other?





Bending the Rules (The Rules, #1)...


Introduction

Chapters Character Aesthetics

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19





Character Aesthetics




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





1




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Shea

Shea "Remember: no matter how hard or fast the chase is, or how close the defensemen are, always take the puck across the net," Coach says.

The ref blows the whistle.

It's the opening game of the season, and the boys are restless. With two weeks of intensive training and anticipation of the oncoming season, we're ready. Being dressed in my hockey gear again feels good. And I love the subzero temperature of the arena. Playing road hockey during the summer was fun, but it's time to get back to business.

As my teammates file off the ice and take their places on the bench, I stay on the ice and lean against the plexiglass. I tap my hockey stick against the icy surface beneath my feet. No matter which team we're playing or which city we're in, I always have to be the last one off the ice. On the opposite side of the blue line, the other team is making their way back to the bench. I have to fight off a cocky grin as one of them stumbles. It begs the question: Why does West Kelowna even have a team? They have no talent, and they're the most pathetic lot I've ever had the pleasure of beating.

To my left, I hear the echo of Coach's voice. He's continuing with his pep-talk, but nobody, including me, is listening. We're all in game-mode, ready to annihilate the other team and take first place in the standings. Professional hockey players always say your first game determines how you'll play this season. And losing is not an option. This is going to be my year.

It has to be.

"Coming, Smith?" Kaleb Jones pauses in front of me and taps me on the shins with his hockey stick. I cock my head to the side. Through the visor of my helmet, I note how weak KJ looks. I think his appetite left him around the same time as his girlfriend. The news surprised everyone on the team. Me, though? I asked him what the hell it had to do with hockey. I also reminded him I warned him having a girlfriend would lead to nothing but problems. But did he listen to me? Nope. I'd hazard a bet he's regretting not taking my advice now. When you're playing hockey, there's no time for girlfriends; they always whine and complain about how we pay more attention to the sport than them. I've never had a girlfriend, but I've heard it along the grapevine. I don't have time for romance. Nothing matters more than hockey, and that's the bitter truth.

"Bro," I say, "being the last one off the ice is my superstition. Quit being so judgemental."

KJ rolls his eyes, muttering something about my ridiculous hockey superstitions. I'm tempted to tell him to fuck off, but it's a waste of time. Let Jones judge me, let him think it's stupid. It's my belief that being the last player off the ice gives me good luck; I play better, I skate better, and my shots are more accurate.

Rolling my shoulders, I direct my attention to the opposing team. I'll admit some players with West Kelowna have skills... They're just not as good as I am. I'm ignorant to put myself higher than the rest, but it's part of what fuels me. Believing I'm the best makes me have high expectations for myself. When I'm playing, I push myself past the limits. The other part is my hatred for Brenna Harrison.



First, she's a girl—the only girl in the league. Why the hell is a girl allowed to play hockey with the boys? It's like mixing oil and water together: incompatible. Women belong on the ice—but only within their own league. This mixing of genders shouldn't be allowed. Period. Second, she plays centre. The same position I play. Meaning, she's always my check, and she always acts like a nosy bitch when I have control of the puck or have taken position in front of their net. Finally, there's history between us. We used to be friends before things turned sour. I don't know what the hell I was thinking, but my mind was young and naïve back then. I've hated her ever since the moment my dad pointed out she was better than me during a hockey camp we attended together.

As if she can feel my eyes on her, her head snaps up, and she looks at me. Her blue-violet eyes bore deep into mine, the look of hatred she's giving me mirroring my feelings toward her. I give her a brief wave, flashing my best smirk. Her left glove is off, so when she reaches up to scratch her face, her middle finger is in plain sight. I snort. She's using a juvenile method.

"What? Are we in kindergarten again, Harrison?" I call out. "Some words of advice: Save it for the ice. We all know you're gonna need it."

"Can it, Smith," she sneers. Her calculating gaze flicks down my hockey equipment, putting me on the edge. For as long as I can remember, Brenna Harrison has been a threat to my goals. Every year since she joined the boys' league, she's taken home awards like MVP and sportsmanship. All of which are factors I need under my belt if I'm going to attend Boston University.

The truth is, she's a damn good hockey player. I hate to admit it, but she has skills I could never possess. Pulling my bottom lip between my teeth, I cock an eyebrow. "Like what you see?"

"Not particularly," she replies.

"Good, because you're not getting any."

While half the boys on my team want a piece of Brenna Harrison, I'm not part of that group. Fraternizing with the enemy isn't attractive.

Harrison laughs. It's a hollow, sarcastic laugh. " Puh-lease ," she retorts. "I'm just wondering how you're going to play when you've got no hands. It must be hard to eat, eh, buddy?"

Puh-lease I scowl at her as she steps off the ice. When the ref blows the whistle again, I glance around the rink, realizing I'm the last player on the ice. Pleased, I turn back to my team and join them on the bench. It always feels good when my skates are the last ones to leave the ice.

"Jones, Smith, Miller," Coach barks. "On the ice; you're the starting line today. Don't fuck up." I don't hear the names of our defensemen and goalie as I hop over the boards and head to centre ice. Adrenaline is already pumping through my veins.

Harrison is at centre ice, skating in lazy circles. "Good to see you again, Smith," she taunts. She takes her position across from me, ready to win the puck from the opening face-off.

"Can't say the same," I drawl. "You're at the wrong game, Harrison."

She snorts, twisting her lips to one side and glancing off into the distance. "That's funny, I could say the same to you. The five-year-olds play next door, in case you missed the memo."

I shoot her a sardonic smile.

For the third time today, the whistle blows, signalling the official start of the game. I bend my knees and lower myself into a ready position, my hockey stick hovering above the ice. There's no way in hell I'm letting Harrison win this face-off. Nor will her team win any games against us or beat us in provincials. This year, my last year in this league, is too important. I can't let anything fuck it up. Boston University is waiting for me, as are any potential scouts for the National Hockey League. Boston is the bridge I need to increase my chances of becoming a professional hockey player. I'm not going to let Harrison's tactics stop me.



Saying I'm anxious to make a good impression this season is an understatement.

When the ref drops the puck, I make the first move, winning the draw back to my defensemen, Brody Kirton. He fires an outlet pass up the wall. Our left-winger, Jayden Miller, receives the pass and skates for the blue line. There, he tips the puck past one of West Kelowna's defensemen, who's pinched in to try to prevent Jayden from skating to the net.

I cross the blue line at full speed, coming down the centre. After studying plays throughout the NHL, I try to base my style off of Brendan Gallagher: smile to piss people off and always position myself in front of the net. Players hate me, but many goals have been scored due to my positioning.

Behind the net, KJ cycles the puck back to Jayden. He battles with Ricky Baker for several seconds before he's able to slide the puck back to Kirton. From the moment Kirton receives the puck, I know his intent is to shoot. He has a wicked slap shot, and he's positioned on West Kelowna's goalie's weak side. I prepare myself for a potential tip-in, all while having a shoving match with Harrison. Although she plays centre, she could easily pass as a defensemen. Overall, she's a well-rounded player who knows her shit.

Admitting it makes me sick.

From the corner of my eye, I see the goalie scramble across the net, stretching out his leg and blocker in a helpless manner. There's no way he's saving this one.

When Kirton unleashes his slap shot, Harrison shoves me, changing our positioning. The puck hits the heel of my skate and ricochets in the opposite direction.

An audible groan comes from the bench.

I hear a sigh of relief behind me.

A curse escapes my lips. Damn Harrison.

Hunter Tucker, West Kelowna's right-wing, skates the puck out into the neutral zone, past the red line, and then dumps the puck into my team's zone before heading off for a line change. My line chases suit because we're the only players who can handle the Harrison-Tucker-Wright line.

"Okay, so we've established that she's just as talented on the ice this year as she was last year," KJ mutters, swiping his water bottle from the bench. He lifts the water bottle and pours some down the back of his neck, soaking his jersey.

"Talent?" Jayden snorts. "That girl is a machine. 'Talent' as a descriptive word doesn't do her justice." He gazes at Harrison like a lovesick puppy, her long, ombre ponytail swaying against the number sixteen on her back as she skates to the bench. "She's going to come out on top again this year." He shakes his gloves off and adjusts the visor of his helmet. "Smoking hot, too."

I glare at Jayden, my mouth semi-slack. What a pussy. How can he find a girl like Brenna Harrison attractive? She's sabotaging our chances.

As the game goes on, my team dominates possession and shots on goal. But out of the twenty-one shots we throw at the net, Drew Charette, the goalie, acts like a brick wall and turns every single one aside. It frustrates me, but I'm pleased West Kelowna only manages four shots on net. It's clear who deserves to win this game.

In the last minute of the fist period, with sweat sliding down my temples, I push myself and skate hard into West Kelowna's zone, waiting for KJ or Jayden to send the puck down the ice. I'm one-on-one with their defence at the moment; I could walk around him and score a goal to give us the lead. But when KJ sends the puck in my direction, it takes a funny bounce and knocks against my skate, rebounding in the opposite direction.

"Shit," I mutter, following the puck.

Tucker beats me to it and breaks out into a two-on-one with Brenna beside him. Once they enter the zone, the rest of my team trailing behind and desperately trying to get to the puck, they pass the puck back and forth like they're playing a game of ping pong. With their speed and precise passes, our defence doesn't stand a chance—and nor does Connor Watt, our goalie.



Tucker fakes the shot and passes it to Harrison, who completes a lucky wrist shot. The puck lodges itself in the top right corner of the net, sending the water bottle on top flying. Harrison circles down behind the net and is met with a congratulatory hug from Tucker. They're so excited you'd think they scored a game-winning overtime goal.

The final three seconds of the first period pass when the ref drops the puck. When the buzzer goes off, signalling the end of the first period, my team and I head back to the dressing room. We're still feeling optimistic; we know the next period is going to be tougher and faster. The score is one-nothing. We'll eventually break down Charette's confident demeanour. But soon enough, the second period has passed and we're still losing. KJ scores partway through the second, and Harrison responds with a shorthanded goal minutes later. While the other guys marvel at her technique and speed, I slam my stick against the boards. It splits into two pieces. How is it, at seventeen, she's still able to play with boys? And why does she have to excel? I'd rather her be a skimpy puck bunny who swoons over male hockey players and pretends to be interested in hockey to get in my pants as opposed to being someone who can skate circles around me.

During the second intermission, Coach rips us apart, yelling and cursing about how nobody is watching Harrison or checking her enough on the ice. He also adds in his typical speech about how even though she's a girl, we don't have to treat her any differently. I suppress an eye roll. Harrison and I have shoving matches and verbally abuse each other, yes, but I would never purposely hit her. There have been times where checks have turned foul or I've shot the puck and she's blocked it, and vice versa. Those were all accidental, though. Purposely punching her? I would never stoop so low.

Steamrolling Harrison does sound enjoyable, but I'm not a dirty player.

When we're suiting up for the game again, pulling on our gloves and helmets, KJ nudges me. "You ready to shut Harrison down?"

I scowl at him. "Of course."

Beside us, Connor snorts. "Smith's a fucking pussy. He would never harm a hair on Harrison's head."

If there's one person I don't get along with on my team, it's Connor Watt. I bite my lip, holding back a snarky remark. He's doing it to get under my skin. Retaliation will only cost me, not benefit me.

"She's my check," I shrug, gathering my hockey stick. "I'm going to shut her down the proper way."

KJ claps me on the back. "Go get her, Captain."

For the first fifteen minutes, both teams match evenly. Although we're losing, I like the pace and intensity of the game. It means hard work has paid off and the sweat soaking my jersey isn't for nothing. Within the remaining five minutes, I thunder down the right side of the ice on a breakaway and unload a wicked slap shot. It beats Charette high on the glove side. Cheers erupt on the bench, but nothing gives my ego a boot like seeing Harrison smash her stick against the boards and storm to centre ice.

"Nice shot," Jayden says. He bumps his fist against mine.

"Nice pass," I reply. All the pass did was make my job easier. I could have stolen the puck from Nick Wright—he tends to crack under pressure—but Jayden levelled my goal up. There's nothing like team effort resulting in a goal. The satisfaction level is much higher.

As we skate back to centre ice, where the ref is waiting for us, I notice Harrison is already there. She wants to get this game going again. Because I'm feeling smug about the score, I say, "I wonder how it feels to watch a lead crumble."

Harrison rolls her eyes. "Let's continue with the game, Smith."

The ref drops the puck, and Harrison wins the draw. She slides the puck back to her defensemen and then takes off down the ice. If there's one specific thing I don't mind giving her credit for, it's her speed. She's lighting on her skates, her blades scraping against the ice, sharp and precise. She could out-skate Connor McDavid any day.



But speed is why I'm checking her; we're evenly matched, and I can catch up to her without sweating too much. Once she's at the blue line, she comes to an abrupt stop and waits for her teammates. The puck needs to enter the zone before her skates do or else she's offside. When I'm beside her, I give her a shove with my shoulder. It's not hockey without a little roughhousing, and I think shoving her is acceptable.

Harrison shoves me back and knocks her stick against my shins. "Knock it off," she growls.

I shove her again, hoping for a reaction. Everyone knows if you poke a bear long enough, the claws will come out. If I can draw a penalty against Harrison and get my team a power play, we could have a legitimate chance at scoring the game-winning-goal without going into overtime.

Ahead of us, there's a battle for the puck between Tucker and KJ. I nudge her again. "KJ will win the puck. Tucker doesn't know how to balance on his own two feet, let alone a pair of skates."

"Watch your mouth," she warns through gritted teeth. She whacks me with her stick again.

Before I can say another word, KJ wins the battle and bursts through the defensemen. He crosses the blue line into West Kelowna's zone. I pursue him. If there's a deflection, I need to be there to catch the rebound. KJ fires a slap shot just as I'm entering West Kelowna's zone. The force causes his stick to split into two. He drops it to the ice and retreats to the bench, shouting for a new stick. Sadly, Charette swallows the puck. The save prevents us from gaining a lead. I skid to a stop just before the goal line, covering him in a shower of snow.

Charette curses at me. I want to retaliate, but I'm shoved from behind and into the crossbar before I can.

"Back off of my goalie, dip-shit," Harrison snarls.

"I didn't touch your fucking goalie," I spit back, a sardonic smirk on my face. "I snowed him."

She shoves me again, and eight other skaters, along with the ref and linesmen, crowd in on us. They join in on the shoving match and verbal profanity. I figure the moment will diffuse itself, but Harrison's veins must be pumping with adrenaline because she shoves me again. My smirk broadens as I give her another shove. Her helmet falls off, giving me a prime view of her rounded face and blue-violet eyes. After being her opponent for so many years, I can read her like a magazine. The colour of her eyes is several shades darker than usual. She's close to snapping.

I cock an eyebrow and poke her reddened cheek with my gloved hand. "Puck bunny," I drawl.

My words have the desired effect. I've goaded her enough. She's never thrown a punch on the ice, but she does have a habit of pinning players to the boards and yelling at them. However, just as Harrison reaches for my jersey, Tucker steps in.

I roll my eyes. Goddamn Tucker. He's always looking out for his best friend.

"Quit calling her that, Smith," he says. "Brenna deserves to play on the same ice as us. She's not a puck bunny."

I hate how calm his voice is. Nor do I like the way he's gripping the collar of my jersey.

I cock my eyebrow again. "She's a fucking puck bunny, Tucker. And all you do is drool over her. How does it feel to be friend-zoned?"

Tucker drops his gloves the same time mine come off. He grabs with his left, tucks his face in his shoulder, and swings with his right. It's the typical set up for fight. I do the same. I'm very adept at getting my opponent's helmets off during brawls, so it doesn't take me long to have a view of his angled cheeks and unruly brown hair.

I swing my fist.

But instead of catching Tucker in the mouth, I hit Harrison. Both of them tumble to the ice. Shock jolts through me, and I instantly retract my fist, feeling like a piece of shit. Fucking Harrison . That punch wasn't meant for her. She must've shoved Tucker out of the way when she realized I was going to hit him.

Fucking Harrison That punch wasn't meant for her. Concerned, I lean down and help her sit up, ready to apologize. But when Harrison sees me, an animalistic snarl escapes her throat. She throws her weight at me, causing us to slide across the ice. She's cursing and throwing her fists at me while the refs try to break us up. Each punch is aimed at my chest, where padding is thickest, which is why I don't bother defending myself. Her punches are hard and precise, but they don't hurt. It confuses me. She has the upper hand in this brawl, but she won't go for my face. This is the first time I've seen her throw a punch, too.

Finally, the refs are able to break us apart.

"Fuck you, Smith," Harrison spits. The ref pushes her back to the bench. Blood leaks from her bottom lip, coating her chin in crimson. Her hair is sticking up in every direction, and most of it has come loose from her ponytail. I stare after her in confusion, despite the defeat on my shoulders. Although that girl drives me fucking insane, I regret hitting her. Which is another reason she shouldn't be playing with the boys. It's ridiculous. I could understand when we were younger, but at this age it just isn't right. Harrison needs to find her own team. Hockey isn't hockey without fighting.

She's still looking at me, sending a deadly glare over her shoulder. I don't engage with her. She's expecting me to react, and I don't want to give her the satisfaction. Instead, I stare down at my gloveless hands and the smear of her blood across my knuckles.

"Number thirty-seven," the ref says, "you're done for the night."

Sighing, I collect my gloves, helmet, and hockey stick. I'd been expecting ejection from the game.

As I'm heading off the ice, Connor yells at me from the net. "Didn't think you had it in you, Smith! Maybe you're not a pussy after all!"

His comment makes me flinch, but I don't engage with him. Does Harrison piss me off? Yes. Should she be playing hockey with boys? No. But that doesn't give me the right to go around throwing punches at her—even if they're accidental. Shame burns in my chest as I disappear down the tunnel.

There's one more thing I need to do before I leave the arena.





2




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Brenna

Brenna I chuck my hockey stick to the floor. The taste of blood saturates my mouth. It's warm as it leaks down my chin, staining my jersey.

Shea Smith is a prick. There's no other word for a teenage jerk. He enjoys instigating fights and throwing chirps more than he enjoys contributing to the game. He does nothing else, and he looks like a worthless attribute to the team. A selfish, prick-ish piece of shit.

"Brenna!"

I pace back and forth, tearing at my equipment. I chuck each piece to the floor, trying to release my frustrated energy. My gloves come first and then my helmet, which I chuck like a baseball. It hits the wall with a loud thwack . It's Smith's fault they've kicked me out of the game. I tackled him, but that's his own damn problem. If the kid would learn how to shut up and keep his misogynistic comments to himself and leave Hunter alone, we wouldn't be in this mess.

thwack and "Brenna, sweetie," Mom repeats. She rushes over to me. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine, Mom," I sigh. When I sit down, I drop my face into my hands. I regret the motion for two reasons. My skin reeks of sweat, and I accidentally touch my split lip.

I'm still vibrating with anger. I want to storm back out onto the ice and pin Smith to it so I can give him a taste of his own medicine. I take several deep breaths and remind myself there's nothing I can do. The game is over for me.

When I regain my composure, I look at Mom. There's a worried crease between her brows. I suppress a sigh. I've told her millions of times to not worry about me during hockey games, but I suppose I can't blame her. I may have elite speed, but a lot of boys carry more muscle than I could ever gain. I'm also the only girl in the league. Mom is nothing but a knot of uneasy nerves while she's watching me tear up the ice and score goals. Usually, she can keep herself under control. It's when we play Kelowna she unravels. She doesn't like the way Shea Smith treats me. She also doesn't like that he gets away with shit.

I smile weakly. "Mom. I'm okay, really."

She grabs my hand and squeezes it tightly. A lock of brown hair falls from her tidy bun as she presses a kiss to my sweaty forehead. She grimaces a little, but I don't take offence to that. I smell terrible. "You know I worry about you when that boy is your check. Number thirty-seven is relentless, Brenna. The refs always fail to call penalties on him; he gets away with too much." Her expression darkens. "I knew it was only a matter of time before he hit you."

Sighing, I nod. Sometimes, I worry about playing against Shea. He's tall and lean, but he's not buff like other guys. The only difference between him and the steroid abusers is that his personality is a nasty, homogenous mixture of arrogance, and sexism. He's stubborn as a ram, too. I don't know why he hates me, but I've learned it's best to fight fire with fire. I used to let him walk all over me until about three years ago. I was sick and tired of being treated like shit. I know I have the skill to play on the same ice as the boys.



He thinks I belong on the ice, but not with the boys. Well, I'm here to prove he's mistaken.

Shea isn't my only problem, though. It's difficult being the only girl in the league. Some boys will go easy on me when we're playing. Others will back off and refuse to bump me into the boards. There's never been a situation where my opponents have considered me another player. There are always comments that highlight my gender or long, ombre hair. I can't play the game or blend in with my team. Mom has suggested several times I return to the girls' team, but it's too easy for me. I need a challenge; something to nurture my skills and tone them into perfection. Playing hockey in the boys' league has been an exceptional experience. And having a friend like Hunter Tucker makes things ten times better. I can always count on him to support me.

"Mom," I say, "Smith didn't mean to hit me. He was going to hit Hunter, and I got in the way. I was protecting my friend." Now that I've calmed down, I'm ashamed of how I reacted on the ice. This is the first time I've let my temper snap to the point where I throw punches. Good thing I was smart enough to avoid punching his face. At least some of my sanity was still present.

Mom presses her lips into a flat line. "Did he apologize?"

"No," I admit. I don't expect an apology from Smith. It's not in his nature to apologize. When we were kids, it would've been. But now? A pang goes through my heart. I'm not sure why things changed between us. He used to be one of my best friends.

A knock interrupts our conversation and my train of thought.

"Everything okay in there, Bren?" Hunter shouts.

I cast my gaze down to my skates and smile. Hunter and I have been best friends for years, and his caring personality is one thing I love about him.

Mom nudges me in the ribs, raising her eyebrows. I roll my eyes. Mom always tries to convince me my life will be nothing like hers. I won't be a single mom at twenty. I won't have to raise a kid on my own. A man won't leave me behind for another woman. Mom wants to protect me, so she always takes a keen interest toward the men in my life. Rarely does she approve of them. She will point out their flaws and refuse to look at their good sides.

Unless they're Hunter Tucker—Mom adores him.

"I'm good, Tucks!" I shout. "How's the game going?"

"'Kay. We're going into OT. Miller scored with ten seconds left. Just wanted to let you know."

"Good luck!"

"Thanks!"

I breathe a sigh of relief. I'm tired and I need my personal space. Playing hockey with boys does that to you. I want to go home and tend to my swollen lip. Shea hit me pretty good, but didn't split my lip enough for stitches. If that were the case, Mom would lose her mind. She's a nurse that knows her shit.

"Are you sure you're okay?" Mom asks.

I lean down to untie my skates. My feet are throbbing. Soaking them in Epsom salts and settling down to read a book sounds appealing. "It's frustrating," I admit. "They don't treat me fairly." A pang of loneliness erupts in my chest as I glance around the empty dressing room. My teammates support me on the ice, but in here I'm alone. I miss having other girls to talk to about hockey. I miss carpooling with Catina and jamming to Taylor Swift on road trips.

Mom tucks a strand of hair behind my ear. "Sweetie, you can transfer to a different league. Coach Ashley said they'd welcome you back."

I shake my head. Curbing my loneliness isn't the solution here. I still see my girlfriends at and outside of school. "I need the challenge, Mom. If I'm going to make it to the Olympics, let alone a university team, I need to develop the right skills. To get what you want, you pay a certain price. If I'm going to play with the boys, I'm going to put up with their shit. I can do it."



Mom gives me a hug. "I'm proud of you, Brenna. Never let the actions of a man dictate your decisions. You are strong. Remember that."

She says these words to me every day like some mantra. Sometimes, I take them for granted and don't realize just how much they aid my confidence.

"Thanks, Mom," I smile.

She returns my smile. "Finish getting changed, okay? We're going out for dinner."

My damp mood brightens. "Thai Terrace?" I ask. Nothing can cheer me up like Thai food. We usually follow dinner with deep-fried bananas and ice cream, too.

"You know it," Mom winks. "I'll meet you in the parking lot."

When Mom's gone, I lean against the wall and close my eyes. I release the last of my frustration through my nose. Shea Smith is nothing but trash. He has no power over me, and I will never, ever let him ruin my passion for hockey. No matter how many times he calls me a puck bunny or tells me I belong with the girls' league.

ever I'm going far with my hockey career, and whether he likes it or not, I'm here to stay.

Since Mom and I are going out for dinner, I grab my bag and slip into the bathroom portion of the dressing room. I don't have time to shower, but I can at least wet a cloth and scrub away my sweat and blood. I also need to reapply my deodorant and maybe some perfume.

After I've done that, and tied my hair up in a bun, I pull on a pair of jeans and a long-sleeve shirt. I'm just loading up my hockey equipment when there's another knock at the door.

Because it's probably Hunter or Coach Kevin coming to check on me, I shout, "Come in!"

The door creaks open, causing me to turn around. When I see the figure standing in the doorway, I drop my helmet.

What the fuck is Shea Smith doing here?

What the fuck is Shea Smith doing here? "What do you want?" I hiss.

Looking sheepish, Shea shrugs and rubs his arm. He's leaning against the doorway, wearing a pair of sweatpants and an old ACDC T-shirt. "I'm sorry about punching you, Harrison. I didn't mean to."

I blink several times. "Is this some kind of joke?" I demand.

His hazel eyes flick up to mine. "No! I'm sorry for hitting you."

It's difficult to tell if he's being serious. After the events of tonight's game, I'm having a hard time believing him. If he's so against me playing hockey with the boys, then why is he apologizing? It makes no sense to me. I thought he'd be out gloating. He must feel superior after punching the infamous Brenna Harrison.

"Whatever, Smith," I reply, turning my back to him. I stoop down and pick up my helmet, stuffing it into my bag. "Get the hell out of the girls' dressing room."

"Harrison..."

I zip up my bag and sling it over my shoulder, storming over to him. When we're shoulder-to-shoulder in the doorway, I shove him. "I'll excuse myself, then."

Without looking back, I storm past Smith. If he wants to mock me or try to intimidate me, then he can do it without the satisfaction of my presence.

* * *

When I arrive home after dinner, my stomach full and my heart happy, I run a bubble bath for myself. I make a cup of tea and grab a book while the bath is filling up. Reading will relax me while I'm letting all the tension ease from my sore muscles. I'm exhausted after tonight's game.

In the bathroom, I strip down to nothing and shove my dirty clothes into the corner. I climb into the steaming water, breathing a sigh of relief as I submerge myself. I tip my head back and relax my body. There's nothing like a bubble bath after a vigorous hockey game... and the emotional and mental games I play with Shea.



I'll never understand why Shea Smith hates me so much. One thing I understand about him is he's a misogynistic asshole; he cares about nobody but himself and hates blended hockey teams. There's a special place in hell for boys like him. But no matter how resilient I am, I can't say it doesn't weigh on me. Even with support from my friends and family, it's difficult when people treat me as an outcast. Shea's attitude reminds me too much of what my father did when he found out my mom was pregnant with me. He acted out of superiority and claimed he wasn't ready to have a child—that he never wanted one to begin with. He neglected his own daughter. Whenever I wonder about my father, I assume he's like Shea—an asshole.

Tired of my own thoughts, I pick up the book I'm reading and rest it on the small tray that's positioned across the bathtub. It holds everything and has a stand for my iPad, making it perfect for when I want to watch Netflix. Tonight, however, there's no date with Netflix. Reading is how I want to unwind.

I'm not sure how long I spend in the bathtub, but by the time I'm wrapped in my comfy housecoat, my toes and fingers have wrinkles. The water is lukewarm and my tea is gone. It feels like the tension in my shoulders and thighs has lessened a little. I'm ready to go to bed and sleep in tomorrow.

While the bath drains, I get ready for bed; I brush and floss my teeth, braid my wet hair, and apply a nighttime moisturizer. When I'm finished, I gather up my dirty clothes and the rest of my belongings and head downstairs to my bedroom. However, before I can get to the stairs, Mom calls my name.

"Brenna! Can you come here for a minute, please?"

I suppress an annoyed sigh and head to the kitchen. I set my stuff down on the edge of the large granite island. "What's up?"

Mom is one of the head nurses at Kelowna General Hospital, so she's always consumed by large amounts of paperwork. Tonight is no exception. She removes her glasses and sets them down on a folder. She pats the stool beside her. I sit down, my shoulder bumping against hers. Mom bumps her shoulder against mine, causing me to chuckle. If there's one thing I'll never take for granted, it's our relationship. I'm thankful that she raised me on her own after my dad left. She could have been in a rough situation, one that would have required her to give me up for adoption. She could have not been able to provide for a child and gotten an abortion. Her decision was to keep me. No matter what anyone says, my mom is amazing.

"As you know," she begins. "Your seventeenth birthday was back in July. You're also planning for university after you graduate high school. I may not be able to celebrate your birthday with you next year." She pauses and removes a small pastel-orange box from her pocket. There's a cream-coloured bow on top. "I was going to wait until Christmas to give this to you. With flu season coming up, work is going to become busier. This makes driving arrangements difficult. I don't want you taking the bus to hockey practices and games over the winter, and nor do I want Hunter driving you everywhere. Hunter is too responsible for his age—he's done enough for us." She smiles at the mention of Hunter, giving me that look .

look I roll my eyes. "Mom. Hunter is a friend. We're too close to be boyfriend and girlfriend." What I've said isn't truthful, and I'd be lying if I said I've never wondered what it would be like to date him. Hunter is the sweetest, most respectful guy I've ever known.

"Okay, okay," she says. She holds out the pastel-orange box. "Happy Birthday, Sweetie."

Glancing at her, I untie the bow. I place it back on the countertop so Mom can reuse it later. I'm hesitant when I come to the lid of the box. Mainly because I'm trying to hazard a guess what could be inside. I'm worried she's bought me something expensive she can't afford.

Taking a deep breath, I open the box. I tip it onto its side, letting the contents fall into the palm of my hand. My eyebrows shoot up in surprise when I feel metal against my skin. And when I realize there are car keys in my hand, I gasp. Shock courses through my body. I gape at Mom. "Are you serious?"

"Yes," Mom smiles. "It's parked in the garage."

Forgetting that I'm dressed in a housecoat with no makeup on, I head for the mudroom. In the garage, the air is crisp and smells of gasoline. When I see the vehicle in front of me, I almost keel over. It's a charcoal-grey Ford Escape. My eyes fill with tears. I've been wanting a vehicle of my own for years now, saving up every penny I make to buy one and pay for insurance. Spinning on my heel, I turn to my mom. She's standing next to me with a proud smile on her lips. "Mom," I choke. "You didn't have to."

"Yes, I did," she argues, her voice firm. "You need to get from Point A to Point B via a reliable source, and the only thing you need to worry about until you graduate is gas. After that, we can renegotiate terms regarding the insurance. Until then, gas is your responsibility. Brenna, this allows me to relax a little more. You're a responsible driver and I know you'll be safe."

A tear slips down my cheek. I rush to my mom and throw my arms around her. I want to sit inside the vehicle and play with all the buttons; get to know my new baby. But I also need Mom to know how much I appreciate this. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" I exclaim. "Oh my God, Mom, you have no idea how much I love this. Ah! I can't wait to tell Hunter about it!"

Mom smiles, hugging me tightly. "I love you, Brenna."

Tears stream down my cheeks. I tighten the hug. Now I understand why Mom parked in the driveway and we went in the front door after dinner. "I love you, too, Mom."

"I'm glad you're happy, Brenna. Now, go spend some alone time with your polished vehicle."

I squeal with excitement and dash down the steps to the car. When I'm sitting inside, breathing in the brand-new car smell, I grip the steering wheel. I always feel bad asking Hunter to pick me up or drop me off. And I don't enjoy depending on the transit system. Now, I won't have to do that anymore.

I'm thinking my senior year will not be that bad.





3




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Shea

Shea "Jayden told me you got kicked out of KSS," KJ shouts over the crowded hallway. "But I didn't think you'd come to a shit-hole like Boucherie to finish your senior year. Thought for sure you'd hit up some elite school like Immaculata, bro."

I balance my iPhone on my armful of textbooks as I unlock the door of my locker. I spent the past half hour in the library dealing with the frustrating problem of my name not yet being in the school's directory. It made signing out my textbooks for this semester a pain in the ass. I tried to channel the patience my mother has, and it worked, but I'm unraveling. Everything about this school pisses me off, from the lack of space to the grade nines who think they're on top of the fucking world.

"Yeah," I drawl, my tone flippant, "well, that's what happens when you get into a fistfight with the captain of the basketball team."

It's only a partial version of the truth. While I got into a fight with the captain of the basketball team because of a disagreement, I was also leaning heavily on my last warning. One more strike against my name was all it took for them to kick me out of Kelowna Secondary School. Now, because of the captain's innate level of idiocy, I'm stuck here, in the overpopulated high school that sits under the shade of a mountain all year.

Today's been a shit day so far. Every day is going to be shit. When I'm at school, as least.

KJ stares at me. His mouth is slack, as if he can't believe I'm in a pissy mood. "Jesus, Shea. What crawled up your ass this morning? You're acting like a bigger dick than usual."

I wrench the door to my locker open and place all my textbooks on the top shelf, save for my Pre-Calculus textbook—that's my first class today. "The bigger the better," I grin.

"Aw, come on, man. Don't be so disgusting."

I shrug.

There are two dead beats of silence while KJ tries to not yell at me. There's such a strain in his jaw, I wonder if his throat is aching from not being able to react. He's wanted to yell at me since I got kicked out of the game on Friday—and it's not just because of me getting the boot. He wants to yell at me for my attitude, for having to move schools, and any other mistake I've made within the past year. And while I want to use the continuous fighting between my parents as an excuse for my behaviour, I know I can't. Despite the shitty situation at home, my behaviour is something I can control.

"Anyway," I smirk. I slam my locker door shut and spin around on my heel, coming face-to-face with him. "Thanks for giving me a tour of this shit-hole, Grandpa. It's nice to know I can count on someone to tattle on me when I step out of line. You fucking narc."

KJ shakes his head and I feel a twinge of guilt. Maybe I'm being too pissy. It's not like KJ's done anything to me. Then again, I'm already on a roll. Acting pissy sounds appealing.

too "If you don't get your shit together, man, Coach is going to tie you to the bench for the rest of the season. Don't fuck this up." His tone sharpens. "Seriously—we need you."



"Aw, I feel so loved. Are we done here? I've got a class to get to." Rolling my eyes, I glance down at the crumpled map in my hand. The set-up of this school makes no sense to me, but there's nothing I can do about it. I head toward my Pre-Calculus class, passing by the dreaded library and the Home Economics rooms, where the hallway smells of deep-fried food. It makes my stomach churn.

"No," KJ replies, catching up to me. "We're not done here. What do we do about Harrison? We need to scope out her weaknesses or something if we're going to beat West Kelowna. I swear, man, she got better over the summer."

A sneer encompasses my face and my nose wrinkles with disgust; the last thing I want to talk about is Brenna Fucking Harrison. The girl is problematic in every way, from her dark-brown-to-blonde ombre hair to the sneaky wrist-shot she has. Her worst attribute, though, would be her stubbornness. No matter how many people disrespect her or judge her for playing with the big boys, she's too stubborn to give up. Scoping out her weaknesses would be the best option, but there's no way in hell I want to get that close to her. I'd rather eat maggots than spend a minute alone with her.

"We're just going to play the game and hope her temper gets the best of her," I shrug. "Maybe she'll break two knuckles while she's at it."

KJ's sigh is heavy. "You're probably right." He glances down at his watch. "The bell's gonna ring any second now. See you at lunch?"

"Yep," I nod, giving him a sardonic smile as he turns around to head in the opposite direction. Out of the four classes I'm taking, KJ and I only have one together: French. That's one class I'm not looking forward to. I've never been good with learning another language, but I need it in order to graduate.

The whole walk to my class is shit. I feel like a sardine that's been packed tightly into an overcrowded can. It smells equally bad, too. Like a mixture of sweat, perfume, ink, and dirty gym socks. Goddamn high school. I can't wait until this year is over and I'm playing hockey at Boston University. That's still an entire year away—if I can make it. In the meantime, I'm going to push my way through the hallways. I'll find new ways to piss Harrison off. I'll hit up every party I can on the weekends... when I'm not looking after my sister.

Just as I'm coming around the corner to my class, I slam into someone in the hallway. Books and papers scatter across the gaudy blue laminate flooring, and the sharp scent of black coffee fills the hallway... and soaks the front of my shirt. I groan. Great.

"What the fuck?" I groan.

"Oh my God," the girl says, "I'm so sorry. I didn't see where I was— oh . It's you. Apology retracted."

oh My blood boils—I'd know that voice anywhere.

I look up and meet a pair of familiar blue-violet eyes.

Brenna Harrison.

I cross my arms, my T-shirt drawing tight over my chest and shoulders. She doesn't look pleased with my presence.

"What's up, Brenna ?" I drawl.

Brenna She shakes her head, glaring at me. "Don't know, Shea ," she hisses. "But I would like to know what the fuck you're doing in my school."

Shea As I contemplate how I'm going to respond to her question, I mentally catalogue her. This is the first time I've seen her without sweat drenching her hair. She's a tall thing—probably only half an inch shorter than me. There's not much to brag about in the boob department, but I suppose her ass makes up for that loss; the tight, black leggings she's wearing hugs it perfectly. She's wearing a boyfriend-style, red-and-black chequered flannel. If I'm being honest, she looks normal. But I know she's definitely not normal. She couldn't even accept my apology from Friday night's game.



I shrug. "Figured it was time for a change of scenery." I flick away a nonexistent piece of lint from my sleeve. "KSS was dragging me down."

Her nose wrinkles as she responds. "Well, you don't belong here. Hard pass on having to deal with your sorry ass every day."

"Hard, eh?" I lick my bottom lip. "Is that..." I trail off when I notice her split lip, the guilt returning. I hate her. I hate her for stealing my dad's approval from me. And I'll keep shoving her into the boards and cutting off her plays during hockey game. But the memory of my fist connecting with her mouth haunts me. If someone were to punch my little sister, I'd lose my shit.

The memory of her blood on my knuckles causes me to falter.

Harrison juts her chin out as she leans down to pick up her books. She picks the now-empty coffee cup up and tosses it into a nearby trash can. "No reference to your dick," she says airily, "which I'm assuming is microscopic. Only men with such indifferent attitudes have small dicks."

Before I can throw a retort in her direction, she marches off to the nearest classroom. Through the doorway, I hear her shout at Hunter Tucker.

Frustrated, I glance down at the paper in my hand and double-check both the map and my timetable. Room 016, Pre-Calculus . I look up, searching for the room. Though I hate to admit it, KJ is right—I need to get my shit together so I don't get benched and prevented from being scouted. I've worked this hard to make it to Boston University, and I will not stop now.

Room 016, Pre-Calculus It's just... when I see the number of the classroom above the door that Harrison walked into, my mood plummets. She's in my Pre-Calculus class. I sigh. I already have to deal with overpopulation. Now I have to deal with Harrison and her minions? When did life become so fucking unfair?

my Shaking my head, I lean down and scoop up my textbook and notebook. The notebook is soaked with coffee and dirt. I sigh again, fixing the mess as best I can. I could run to the washroom for some paper towel, but that would make me late. I'm sure the staff has been warned about my behaviour. I step into the classroom just as the bell rings, earning two deadly glares from Harrison and Tucker. They look smug in their seats. Relaxed.

I snort to myself, throwing my shoulders back and heading for the back of the classroom where two empty desks sit next to each other. If they think two weak glares are going to scare me off, they've got another thing coming.

Shooting them a brash grin, I toss my backpack to the ground and take my seat across the aisle from them. Neither of them looks very pleased with my decision to sit near them, but it only fuels me. Let them act pissy. As if I care.

Their unity is intimidating, but hell will freeze over before I succumb to these clowns.

* * *

When I arrive home, my parents are fighting. Again.

It's been the standard routine for the past year now. My younger sister, Chelsea, is picked up from school by Mom. They arrive home, and Dad stays late at work. Then, when he gets home and dinner has already been put away, an argument erupts between them.

I can't stand the way my parents fight in front of my little sister. Chelsea is only eight. It's not fair for her to have to experience this kind of shit at such a young age. But what pisses me off the most is that they don't acknowledge her begging and pleading for them to stop, tears running down her innocent, round face.

And I know tonight is bad when Chelsea comes rushing up to me as soon as I step inside, wrapping her arms around my waist. Her face is blotchy, eyes red and puffy. "Mom and Dad are fighting again," she sobs.



I drop my hockey bag to the floor and pick my sister up, my muscles screaming in agony. Today's training session after school was rigorous and intense; Coach focused the strengthening exercises on our lower bodies, meaning my thighs tremble every time I use them. I also note that Chelsea is getting too big for this. Honestly? She's too big to carry already. I care too much; I don't want my sister suffering through this alone, even though I'm not suffering—I just get pissed off that my parents can't keep their issues behind closed doors. Chels is too young to hear this kind of shit.

"It's okay, Chels," I murmur, tossing my keys into a bowl on the small rectangular table. I don't bother kicking off my shoes. Vacuuming needs to be done, so what's the point? I carry my sister to the living room, where one of her usual cartoons is playing. "You're getting way too big for this, y'know," I joke, poking her in the ribs. She giggles, but the smile on her face doesn't reach her eyes. The lack of light, the lack of lustre, causes a pit of despair to form in my stomach. I'm desperate to attend Boston University after graduation, but everything is still up in the air. And that's mainly because of the conditions at home. I would never forgive myself if I left Chelsea here to fend for herself in such a toxic environment.

"No," she whimpers, her tears soaking the collar of my shirt. To be honest, I don't know how this kid is anywhere near me. I reek of sweat. "It's not okay."

I sigh. It's not okay. Even an idiot could figure that out. Every night, we have to listen to a screaming match followed by tears and slamming doors. The atmosphere of this entire house reminds me of walking on eggshells—you never know when something, illicit words or under-the-breath comments, is going to set either of them off. Pessimism aside, nothing is going to save the relationship between my parents. I don't know why they haven't called it quits yet.

"C'mon, Chels," I say, shutting the TV off. "Let's get you to bed. You have school tomorrow."

"Can you pick me up tomorrow?" she asks, following me up the stairs.

I close my eyes and suppress a groan. I have another hockey game tomorrow—I'm driving KJ now that we go to the same school. And before we head over to his house, I have a meeting with the student counsellor about my first couple of days at MBSS. She wants to know if I'm comfortable. At least, that's what they want me to think. They want to know if I'm going to behave.

Fuckers .

Fuckers "I can't," I reply. "I have a hockey game."

Chelsea pulls back, staring at me with her big hazel eyes. They're filled with excitement and awe. If there's one thing my sister loves, it's coming to watch my hockey games. "Can I come and watch?"

Mentally, I do the math. Whoever came up with the ingenious idea that the elementary and middle schools would get out before the high school kids needs a slap across the face. By the time I'm finished with my appointment, KJ and I will only have half an hour to stop at his place and grab his hockey equipment before we're due at the arena.

ingenious "Shea?" she presses.

"I'm sorry, Chels," I sigh. We're at the top of the stairs now and my muscles on the verge of giving out. I'm going to be walking around like an old man tomorrow if I don't soak my muscles in hot water before I go to bed. "You could come to Saturday's game, though."

Although my sister looks pissed—I can tell because I get a similar look on my face when I'm pissed—she nods. "Promise?"

"I promise," I reply, sticking out my pinkie finger.

She wraps hers around mine, that childish smile back on her face. I scoop her up over my shoulder, despite my muscles screaming in protest. Chels giggles against my neck.

Halfway down the hallway, I take a sharp left and push the door to her bedroom open. Just like my room, Chelsea's room is fair-sized, with a large window seat on the far side and a walk-in closet. The walls are painted a peachy colour with white trim around the windows and equally white baseboards.

I set my sister down on her bed and turn to the closet. Compared to mine, Chelsea's closet is clean and organized, making it easy for me to find her a pair of pyjamas. I toss them at her and they land on her head, sliding down to the ground. As if it's the funniest thing in the world, she laughs. She picks up the shirt and throws it back at me. It ends up right back in her lap.

"You have school tomorrow," I remind her. "Get changed and brush your teeth—don't forget to floss, too. I'll grab you the glass of water you always need but never drink." The only thing that drinks out of it is Peaches, our grumpy tabby cat.

"Fine," Chelsea sighs, gathering up her pyjamas. She steps out of the bedroom and down the hallway. I wait in her closet until I hear the bathroom door click shut. Bedtime is a game for Chelsea. I can't wait until she's old enough to realize that sleep is a blessing and that you can't get enough of it.

While Chelsea is getting ready for bed, I head downstairs and grab that glass of water for Peaches. I also stop next to the fridge and refill the cat's food dish, and the water dish she never drinks out of. She'll cry until the cup is on the nightstand, despite there being a fresh dish of water in the kitchen.

Chelsea is in bed when I return. I set her water down on the nightstand and sit on the edge of the bed. I feel like I should say something about our parents, something that will brighten her spirits. But how do I comfort her when I don't even know what's going on between them? The last legitimate conversation I had with them was last year when I received my report card. Even then, things were choppy. I know it's their relationship and whatever problems they're dealing with stay between them, but I also know that I deserve some information when Chelsea has become my responsibility. I've taken on the role of older brother and guardian.

All I ask is, "You good, kid?"

Chelsea nods. The puffiness of her eyes has gone down, but it isn't hard to tell she's still upset.

"Okay," I say, ruffling her hair. "Night, Chels."

I lean over and turn off the lamp. From the far corner of the room is the rose-gold glow of her nightlight. Moonlight shines through the window. I feel bad for not saying anything, but I don't want to put false hope in her little head. She'll only face disappointment.

Closing the door behind me, I head down the hallway to my bedroom. The only good thing about having a bedroom upstairs is that you can't hear all the screaming and shouting as you can when you're downstairs. Stripping out of my workout gear, until I'm in nothing but my shorts, I grab a clean towel from my closet and head to my bathroom. I sacrificed closet space for a bathroom and I'll never regret it. It gives me privacy.

Before I think about tossing the towels on the counter, I turn on the hot water and let it run for a few minutes. Within those few minutes, I discard the towels and strip out of my shorts. I have to hold on to the edge of the counter to keep my balance. My muscles are shaking. I manage to make it through the process of stripping down without keeling over, though.

I groan as I head for the steaming shower, rubbing my tired face. Every muscle in my body feels like it's going to give out on me. I'm mentally exhausted, too. Whenever I see my sister as upset as she was today, I'm greeted by the horrible truth of reality. Boston University will be a pipe dream. I could never leave my sister behind. I don't know where I'm going to get the money. I've saved up a lot, but unless I receive a scholarship, everything I've worked for means nothing. Unless my parents' relationship improves, I'm stuck here.





4




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Brenna

Brenna "I can't believe he's in all my classes!" I complain to Hunter. Today was only the second day with Shea loitering around campus. It feels like it's been eons. We have every class together, and I want to jump off of a cliff. "Seriously! Every. Single. One. There are several schools he could have attended! But he had to choose Boucherie."

all Hunter leans against the doorframe while I fumble through my backpack for the house key. "Don't let that bender get to you, Bren. He's jealous you're a better player than us guys put together."

I throw him a knowing glance, rummaging through the millions of lip balms that have fallen to the bottom of my backpack. God, I can't wait until my garage door opener is delivered. As soon as it is, I'll be able to park in the garage and enter through the mudroom. No more searching for my house key. "Yeah—I know. That asshole has been throwing his sexist chirps at me for years now." Finally, I find the key. I drop my backpack to the ground and unlock the door, slipping the key into my pocket. I gesture for Hunter to step through first.

He eyes me over his shoulder. "Why didn't you type in the code for the garage?"

To be honest, it slipped my mind. "Shut up," I mutter.

He chuckles and steps inside. My house is average: two floors, an open-concept kitchen that connects to the living room, three bedrooms, three bathrooms, and a fair-sized backyard that backs onto a spiderweb of regional park trails.

Hunter kicks his Converse off and discards his backpack next to them. I follow suit, retrieving my backpack from the front step. I stop to rearrange everything, or, as I'd call it, the mess he's left behind. No matter how many times my mom jokes around with him about clogging up the front entrance with his stuff, he can never seem to clue in. He's a sloppy teenage boy.

"Aw, shit," I hear him say. When I arrive in the kitchen, our binders in my arms, I see he's already made himself at home. He's rummaging through the fridge, pulling out anything that looks appealing to him. "Your mom made spaghetti and meatballs?"

I chuckle, watching him arrange the containers of noodles, sauce, and meatballs in a straight line. He turns his back to me for a moment, opening the corner cupboard so he can grab two bowls. "Mom even made homemade noodles," I tease.

Hunter has two bowls in his hands when he turns around. His icy blue eyes are wide as he shakes his head in disbelief. Strands of butterscotch-brown hair tangle with his lashes. "My god," he drawls. "Your mother is a saint."

I roll my eyes. "Your mom makes excellent meals, Hunter."

He shrugs and fills the bowls with noodles, forking over portions I think are way too big for my stomach to handle. I don't complain, though. It's sweet that he's thinking about me, too. He puts one bowl in the microwave and presses a few buttons before turning back to me, his arms crossed over his chest as he leans against the counter. "She makes excellent meals, but your mom should be on Iron Chef Canada—she's a brilliant cook."



I know a lot of things about Hunter—he's been my best friend for years—but if there's one thing that stands out the most, it's his passion for food. That's why, on top of the classes we're required to take, he's also part of Boucherie's culinary program. I also know he's planning on attending one of the top culinary schools in Canada after we graduate.

In the background, the microwave beeps. Hunter turns around and grabs the bowl, cursing at how hot it is. The bowl lands on the countertop with a ringing clang . I'm surprised it doesn't break, to be honest. "That's what oven mitts are for, genius," I drawl. He slides the bowl in my direction, pursued by a fork. "Thanks."

clang "Noted," he replies, picking up the second bowl.

"Uh-huh..." I trail off and shake my head. "Anyway, I'll let my mom know. I'm sure she could find time to partake in a culinary competition while being one of the head nurses at KGH."

Hunter snorts.

While we wait for the second bowl of spaghetti to heat, Hunter and I discuss the semester ahead of us. It's our last year of grade school, which is why we agreed to take our tough courses first and save our easy ones for second semester. That way, we'll be able to breeze through second semester and enjoy the perks of being a senior. We won't have to stress out over exams or essays. Hard ones, at least.

"So," Hunter says, "is Smith as big of an asshole off the ice as he is on the ice?" He pushes his food around with a fork.

I roll my eyes and take a bite of spaghetti. How do I explain Shea Smith? The term "asshole" doesn't describe him. Yesterday, when I ran into him, all I could feel was dread and disgust. Dread because I'm being forced to put up with him outside of hockey. Disgust because he's arrogant and pigheaded and I hate him. "No," I reply. "He's worse. At least when he's on the ice, he has an outlet for his shitty attitude. My classes were terrible, but French was the worst. Kaleb Jones is in there, too. I think they fuel each other's egos. I swear to God, Hunter, I don't know how I'm going to get through this."

He smiles and nudges me with his elbow. "You'll be fine. You're Brenna Harrison. If you can play hockey with a bunch of stupid boys, then you can get through this semester."

I smile, nudging him back. "Thanks, Tucks."

"Hey," he says, his mouth full of food. "We only use last names when we're playing hockey. When we're not, you're Brenna and I'm Hunter." He waves his fork at me. "Do you understand me?"

I stick my tongue out at him. "Fine."

After we've filled our stomachs with the delicious leftovers and cleaned the kitchen, we head upstairs to my bedroom. People would say my bedroom is bland, but I like the simplicity of it: light grey walls, a queen-sized bed with a barn-wood frame, and a matching nightstand. As for décor, I have a small set of shelving in the corner that's dedicated to Polaroid pictures I've taken over the years, a succulent I keep having to replace, and my favourite books. Next to the shelving is a large window that gives me a beautiful view of the backyard and the forest behind our house. Bordering a regional park has its perks.

For the next half hour, we lie on my bed and unwind. I continue reading one of Sarah J. Maas's books and Hunter sprawls out like a cat across my bed, his long legs hanging over the edge, as he scrolls through his social media accounts.

"Holy shit," I say.

"What?"

I wave him off, knowing he won't have a clue what I'm talking about if I discuss the plot with him. Besides, the kid hates reading unless it's a hockey magazine or the stats of the Winnipeg Jets.

Grabbing a grape from the bowl on the nightstand, he tosses it at me. It hits me square in the forehead. "Hey!" I exclaim, throwing my bookmark at him. "What the hell was that for?"



He grins at me. "Come on, Bren. Tell me what's going on."

I shake my head. He's setting a trap. I'm going to tell him, and then he's going to make fun of me for being a book nerd. But his face, the sweet, innocent smile on his lips, makes me do the opposite. "The main character is someone I never expected her to be, and now she's leaving to go figure out how she's supposed to be this person when she's acted like someone else all her life."

Hunter's grin broadens as he flops down beside me. "How can you read shit like that? It sounds confusing." A strand of hair falls on his forehead.

I roll over onto my side, leaning in close enough that our noses touch, and poke him in the shoulder. "You would like it if you gave it a chance."

His face scrunches up. "I don't see that happening. Ever."

We both laugh because we know it's true. It's one of the many reasons I love Hunter, not in the romance-type way, but more like a brother. My friends at school have always tried to usher me to take the initiative and ask him out, but I could never do that. Our friendship is too valuable to me.

Despite the laughter, I can tell something is wrong with Hunter; he's stopped scrolling through social media, his phone forgotten on the bedspread, and is staring at the display of pictures in the far corner. He draws his bottom lip between his teeth as he rubs his forearm—something he does when he's anxious or caught deep in thought. He's probably thinking about our game against Penticton tomorrow. It's going to be a rough one, full of vigour and pressure. I turn back to my book, my mind split between the storyline and hockey. If Hunter wants to discuss anything, he'll let me know.

"Have you thought about the conversation earlier this week?" His voice is soft, barely breaking the silence between us.

My grip tightens on the book, knuckles turning white. My mood becomes sour. I could turn this around and play stupid, but he'll just call me out. The conversation Hunter wants to have right now isn't about Shea and his team. It's about my dad. "Why the hell would I want to meet him when he left?" I snap. "Let alone find him?"

I feel terrible. I know he's looking out for me; he believes that finding my dad and talking to him, having him answer the many, many questions I have will help me sort out my inner issues. Like never being good enough at hockey because I lack the approval of my father. Like never feeling important—he left me, after all. All of my self-doubt stems from the feeling of the unknown, of the questions running through my head.

I get to my feet, staring out at the view. It's September, but I can already see the leaves changing colour. Soon, this forest is going to be a mix of pine trees and fiery deciduous trees. I bring my thumb to my mouth and begin chewing on my nail. Mom once told me that the early changing of the leaves is foreshadowing for a rough winter.

"Bren."

I turn to look at him. "You know I can't do that, Hunt. I have hockey to focus on. Mom has an education fund set up for me, but becoming a paediatrician isn't cheap. I need that hockey scholarship. I'll pay attention to my father when everything calms down."

Hunter barks out a sarcastic laugh and gets to his feet. "After we graduate from high school, things will not calm down. University is not an effortless task, whether you believe it is or not. Trust me, I've gotten complaint after complaint from my older brother whenever he comes home for the holidays." He walks over to me and takes my hands, giving them a tight squeeze. "You need to take it a little slower with hockey. It's fun and challenging, but it's not the only thing in life. Relax a little, find some other hobbies. You love kids. Why not volunteer at the arena and teach skating lessons again? It would look great on your application to UBC."

not I roll my eyes. Here we go again. I don't think Hunter understands just how much hockey means to me. I need to prove to myself that not only can I play with the boys, but that I also have the skill and speed to inspire younger women to take part. Just like hockey lacks racial diversity, it lacks gender diversity. Women need to earn as much; they deserve their own league. Hockey is the only thing I know I excel at. It's how I prove to everyone I'm worth something. I'm not some teenage girl with no purpose.

Hunter squeezes my hands again, flashing me a weak smile. "Just think about it, please. We're teenagers, Bren. We don't always need to act mature."

I turn away from Hunter, a tear rolling down my cheek because of the sudden wave of emotions I'm experiencing. My passion for hockey is driven by wanting to make a statement in the world of feminism, but it's also driven by emptiness. Ever since my mom told me the story about my dad, there's been an empty feeling around the edges of my heart. I can't comprehend why someone would leave their family behind. It pisses me off. Hockey, although I want to make a statement, is what I use to temporarily fill in that empty chasm.

"I don't want to meet him or talk to him. He doesn't deserve to have me in his life after what he did to me and my mom," I argue, holding back the tears that threaten to break free. "I don't need to take a break from hockey. Hockey is my life, and I will continue to put every ounce of effort I have into the game."

Before Hunter can corner me and say anything else, I stride over to my closet and begin rummaging through it for my gym bag. Hunter and I had been planning to go to the gym for our usual workout after dinner. I want to go now. I have some anger that needs to be released before I say more words I'll regret.

"Brenna," he says.

I ignore him, stuffing my sports bra and a pair of socks and leggings into the bag. After my running shoes join in on the party, I zip the bag up and turn to face him. His features are full of guilt, but I know he doesn't regret what he's said. Hunter has never been the kind to stay silent about issues; he always calls people out on their shit. He always wants a resolution.

"Where are you going?" he asks.

"To the gym," I mutter, stuffing my phone in my pocket. I feel terrible for walking out on him, for continuously shutting down his golden heart, but he's too persistent. He's trying to crack my shell and drag me into a topic I don't want to discuss. And no matter how many times I've told him I don't want to talk about my dad, he's never given up. "If my mom gets home, please tell her where I've gone or else she'll lose her mind."

I know Hunter is going to stick around after I leave and discuss things with my mom. I know my mom worries about me, about the over extensive workouts I do, about how seriously I take games, about how I can never seem to relax. Lugging my gym bag over my shoulder, I ignore Hunter's pleas and head downstairs.

I'm a great hockey player, but people will always view me as that girl . No one is ever going to be in the same locker room as me, at least until I'm somewhere far away from West Kelowna. Until I'm playing for a women's university team. Even then, it won't compare to the treatment men get. I'm always going to have a much smaller spotlight than Shea or Kaleb. They have engraved hockey into society's head as a male sport, leaving women to fend for themselves. To be the best, you have to beat the best. This season is crucial to me. People can say whatever they want to me and do whatever they want, but I'm a powerful woman that's driven by passion—quitting is not an option. I will make my mark in the hockey world. I will prove that I can be the best.

girl Even if it means pushing myself past the limit.





5




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Shea

Shea My twelve-hour shift at the café goes late into the night on Sunday. Thankfully, I'm not late for school on Monday morning. It's been two weeks since I started classes at Boucherie, and I haven't missed one. I think this qualifies as a new low for me. But if I want that scholarship, if I want to even dream about getting into Boston University, I need to keep my grades and work ethic up. It won't be an easy task. Finding a balance is how I'm going to win this battle.

Exhausted from lack of sleep and the looming onset of sore muscles, I pull my baseball cap down and lean forward in the uncomfortable plastic chair. I bury my face in my arms and count down the last seconds of class. I have one more class after this, and then I'm free for the day. Skipping class would have been much easier. And because I'm in a shitty mood, I blame KJ for everything. He's the one who provided insight on improving my behaviour. I think his words are getting to my head.

He's improving When the bell rings, I make a beeline for French class. Harrison follows me—I can hear her ratty sneakers squeaking against the linoleum. Damn whatever underlying force synced our schedules. Damn them to hell. I'm tempted to make an appointment with the school counsellor and have her rearrange my schedule. Being as far away from Harrison as possible is the remedy for my headache. She's the student who raises her hand whenever the teacher asks a question. The kind who always scores in the nineties on her tests. She's a modern, real-life Hermione Granger. It drives me nuts.

I make it to class, and the room is already filling up. There's a scarce number of unoccupied desks for me to choose from. I choose the one that's closest to the back. Teachers rarely notice me texting my buddies at KSS when I'm sitting in the back of the classroom. I usually sit beside KJ, but he decided to sit with a different friend today. Besides, I think he's still pissed at me.

Five minutes tick by before the bell rings. I pull out my notebook and textbook. They're going to act as buffers while I doze off. I toss two pens on top of it. If this looks real, no one will question me.

Class ticks by in microseconds as Mrs. Lapointe blabs on and on about verbs and nouns. I'm ready to slam my head into the wall. French is a waste of time. I'm never going to need this language because I'm never going to move to a French-speaking area. It serves me no purpose. I'm also bored as hell. I'm wishing I had some Ativan to knock myself out.

"Can anyone tell me the verb for 'to be'?" Mrs. Lapointe asks.

That's when I notice there's something off about this class. Harrison isn't here to answer the question or ignite a class discussion. I glance around the room, surprised. I could've sworn she was following me down the hallway after Calculus. Huh. Hopefully she got sick and decided it was best to go home. I'd call that a blessing in disguise. Suddenly, this class doesn't seem too bad.

Feeling smug, I raise my hand.

Mrs. Lapointe, dressed in blue jeans and a pink blouse, calls on me. "Shea?"



" Être is the verb you're looking for," I reply, tapping the eraser of my pencil against the desktop.

Être "That's correct," she smiles. She turns around to write it on the whiteboard.

My smugness escalates. Maybe French isn't as bad as I thought.

But my happiness dissipates when Brenna walks in five minutes later. She obnoxiously states she had an appointment with the educational advisor. She also gives Mrs. Lapointe a note. And you know what else? The teacher just smiles— smiles at Harrison like she's the definition of a perfect student and ushers her to join the class.

smiles And just when I thought my mood couldn't get any worse, I realize how full the class is. It's so damn full that the only empty seat is the one next to me. I stifle a groan, wishing I could throw myself out the window. Having every single class with her is bad enough, but sitting next to her? I'd rather cut my own balls off than spend a moment next to her. We're enemies, both on and off the ice, and I doubt that's going to change.

Harrison's not happy with the seating arrangements, but she's not one to make a scene in front of her fellow peers. She gazes at me with indifference as she sits down, pulling out her notebook and pen. With no hesitation, she begins writing notes. I notice that she glances at my blank notebook, and I have to suppress a snicker. Was she going to consider asking me for notes? Because even if I was taking notes, I wouldn't give them to her.

More time passes, and before I know it, Mrs. Lapointe completes her "lesson" and jumps right into discussing the final project. It's replacing our final exam.

"Exams are a waste of time," she says. "They don't allow you to show what you've learned or how you display it. So, instead of a final exam, I'm going to pair you up and assign a different topic to each pair." She glances around the classroom. "And, to make this fair and easy, the person you are sitting with will be your partner."

The whole classroom groans, complaining about how they wanted to pair up with friends.

My head snaps up. Harrison drops her pen, her violet eyes widening. "Oh, hell no," I hear her mutter.

"Are you fucking kidding me?" I mutter.

Out of morbid curiosity, we glance at each other. She looks as disgusted as I feel. At least we agree on something.

Mrs. Lapointe continues to explain what our final projects, depending on which one we're assigned, will look like. She continues on until the bell rings. When it does, Harrison gets up so fast her chair almost tips over. She leaves behind her backpack, pens, and notebook and walks right up to Mrs. Lapointe. After playing hockey against her for so many years, I can tell a lot about her current mood just by her body language. Her stance stiff, back ramrod straight, and fists clenched at her sides. It's the same body language she displays when the refs don't call a penalty. She's pissed.

Tired of drama, I stand up and shove my belongings into my backpack. Although I hate to admit it, I'm just as pissed as she is. There's no way in hell I'm pairing up with a girl like Harrison. Fuck that. I'll do the project on my own if I have to.

"Shea," Mrs. Lapointe calls. "Will you please come to my desk? It appears you, me, and Brenna need to have a chat about your partnership."

"For fuck's sake," I mutter, slinging my backpack over my shoulder. These types of conversations are a waste of my time. But then I hear KJ's words replay in my head. I make a mental note to whip his ass later. His stupid voice keeps defacing my personal philosophy—to not give a shit.

"What?" I ask.

"It appears you and Brenna have some... issues about working together. Am I correct?"

issues

I bite back a bitter laugh. Everyone in the Okanagan knows how much Harrison and I hate each other. We're like the Canadiens and the Maple Leafs—an epic rivalry that will last for eternity. We're oil and water. "That's an educated guess," I shrug.

"I'm not working with him," Harrison seethes, jerking her thumb at me. "No way in hell. Please, Mrs. Lapointe. Shea and I can't work together."

not can't "Sadly," I reply, side-glaring Harrison. "I have to agree with her. We'll end up killing each other."

Mrs. Lapointe shakes her head. "I'm sorry, but you have to work out your differences if you want to pass this class. If I allow you to switch partners, then that means I must do the same for the class. Bending the rules will leave people out. It would be unfair. I hope you understand."

"Damn it," I mutter.

Harrison rolls her eyes like a five-year-old caught in a hissy fit.

Mrs. Lapoint continues on. "Don't be pessimistic. I know you're both excellent hockey players. My suggestion is to talk about similar interests and see where that goes. It may improve your relationship. This project isn't due until the beginning of January. I know it seems like a lot of time, but it will slip away. Start now and ease into it. You'll be thankful, trust me."

I suppress another sardonic laugh. Is she on crack? We hate each other. I don't think bonding over a French project is going to improve our relationship.

bonding "Fine. Whatever," Harrison grinds out. "We'll find a way."

She storms back to her desk and gathers up her belongings, leaving me with our teacher, wondering what the hell we're going to do with this project. I have the powerful urge to make a case against Mrs. Lapointe, but she seems adamant about her rules. We're not getting any slack in this situation.

We're stuck together.

* * *

When I arrive at the café, my cousin, Noah, is already dealing with an influx of customers. There are people dressed in suits and skirts and blouses who need their dose of coffee to make it through the rest of their shift. Students from Okanagan College are bent over their homework and snacking on scones.

Tatiana's Café is in Kelowna by the Landmark buildings. It's known as the business hub area, with its tall, reflective buildings and several restaurants. We're the only coffee shop in the area, meaning we're also one of the busier places.

I sneak in through the back door, hanging my jacket and backpack up in my locker. My apron is hanging up next to the kitchen door. I grab it and pull it on, taking my sweet time. I'm tired from hockey practice and school—I could use a nap right about now.

"Yo, Smith," Noah calls. "Get your ass in gear, man. We've got orders piling up. I need help."

"I'm coming, Smith," I reply.

Tatiana's Café has been in the family for generations, meaning it's changed a lot. When I first started, we were in a much more traditional location—I mean, it's been around since before they built the Landmark buildings! It was when Kelowna was smaller. Back then, we used to sell coffee and small snacks like muffins, cookies, et cetera. Over time though, my grandma, the one and only Tatiana, decided that we needed to adapt to society's "flow." We now serve lunches, including sandwiches and soups, and loaves of bread and our own brand of coffee that's only available in the Okanagan. It's steady income because it's one of the older buildings, which is something people in Kelowna gravitate to; they like places that are well-known and will be worth their money.

When I step into the spacious work area, I'm overwhelmed by the number of people. The tables and booths are full, several people are waiting in line, and five people are waiting for their takeout coffees. I don't know how Noah's been able to handle this on his own.

"Took you long enough," he says. He grabs my wrist and pulls me over to the cash register. "You can take over here. I'm going to make these coffees—we all know how much you hate it."

I snort, spinning my ball-cap backwards. Ironically, Noah is the one who hates coffee... But he can make a better cup than I can. And that's probably because I like mine black, no cream or sugar. KJ always tells me it's a visual representation of my soul.

Pasting a fake smile over my tired lips, I turn to the next customer. "How can I help you today?"

The first two hours are insane. Noah and I run around like chickens that have just had their heads cut off. If I'm not dealing with a customer at the till, then I'm making sandwiches and filling bowls with our daily soup. If Noah isn't making lattes and giving people shots of espresso, he's in the back, baking more cookies and muffins. It's hectic.

By the time things slow down, I'm on the verge of falling asleep standing up. I can barely think of going home and making dinner for Chelsea, let alone picking her up from her friend's house. We might have to revert to Timmie's for dinner. Chelsea loves their grilled cheese sandwiches.

"Thanks for dropping Chelsea off at school this morning," I tell Noah. Things have calmed down, so I'm tackling the pile of dishes. I set a dry coffee cup on the shelf above the coffee machines. I grab the next cup and begin washing it.

"It's no big deal, man," he shrugs. "Chelsea is my cousin. I'll help whenever you need it." He pauses and side-glances me. "Are things still nasty at home?"

"Yeah," I sigh.

I'm hoping to catch a break for the next couple of weeks, though. Dad has left for Seattle on a business trip, and Mom is on vacation with two friends from college in Vancouver. Chelsea and I will be able to relax, but I'm going to need Noah's help. My schedule clashes with Chelsea's. He tells me he's okay with it, but I feel bad. Noah has a life outside of work. I feel like I'm taking it away from him. "I appreciate it," I yawn. "How's your first semester at Okanagan College?"

Noah shrugs. "It's okay. Biology pisses me off. I feel like I wasted four hundred dollars—it's a review of grade eleven. The parties are fun, but still meh. Many people are still transitioning from immature idiots to adults."

I wrinkle my nose. "That's bullshit. How do they get away with that? You shouldn't have to pay four hundred dollars for a bio class if it's only a review." I try to come across as unimpressed when I'm actually terrified. I'm calculating how much money I have in my bank account. If a single bio class costs that much, then God knows how much the entire program is going to cost. My stomach flips.

"It is what it is," he sighs. "It'll all be worth it, though. Once I have my degree, I'll be out of here and working as a paramedic. At least I have basketball to count on. School would be overwhelming without basketball."

I glance around the building, taking in the birch flooring, the brass accents, the pendant lighting, and the backsplash of hexagon-shaped grey and black tile. Suddenly, the room feels smaller, and Noah's words echo in my head. I rub at the kink in my neck. What happens if I can't make it to Boston University? What happens if I don't carve a spot out in the NHL for myself? What happens if I'm stuck taking care of Chelsea?

I exhale. No. I have to stay focused. My options are slim. I need to make it to the NHL so I can provide for my sister. That's all there is to it. I have to hope something will work out in my favour and give me a chance to make it to the NHL.

"Yeah," I agree, my voice shaky. "I love Grandma's café. It's perfect for relatives that need work, but it's not a permanent job. This is textbook money. This isn't housing or insurance or food money."

Noah raises an empty cup in my direction. "Cheers to that."

I give my cousin a tight-lipped smile. If a miracle occurs and I make it to Boston, how long before a scout picks me? How long will before I'm making enough money to look after Chelsea and myself? More importantly, who will look after her when I'm gone? I can't throw her on Noah. I can't leave her with our dysfunctional parents.

Sighing, I set the cup on the shelf above me.

Playing hockey in Boston is feeling more like a dream than a reality.

But even as doubt reverberates through my body, I can't help but feel that pinch of hope. I have the mindset and skillset to make it. Hockey players have fire in their hearts and ice in their veins. The burning passion inside me is too potent to give up. So, for now, as I continue to wash and dry the dishes, I grasp onto that passion and hope, telling myself everything is going to be okay.





6




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Brenna

Brenna "Well, why wasn't he sitting with Kaleb Jones?" Hunter asks.

When I called, he said he was at the gym, but that he could talk if I didn't mind being on speaker phone. Every once in a while, I hear comments from Nick Wright, one of our teammates, and Drew Charette, our goalie, but I've become a professional at ignoring them. There's a slight breathlessness to Hunter's voice as he speaks. He's trying to hide it, but it's nearly impossible to do when you're lifting weights.

"I don't know!" I exclaim, displaying my high level of exasperation. I'm trying to lace my skates with the new laces I bought after work. My old skates were beginning to fray at the edges so I figured it was time to get some new ones. "But the seat next to Smith was the only one available when I got back from my appointment. I could handle sitting next to him, but then Mrs. Lapointe goes and pulls some shit like that! I can't believe this. Could this year get any worse? I mean–"

"Hey!" Hunter interrupts. "Not all things are bad this year. We're still best friends."

I smile to myself, tucking a strand of hair behind my ear. He's got a point. I don't know where I'd be without a friend like Hunter, if I'm being totally honest, and I love how exclusive our friendship is. Although we had a bit of a falling out the other day, we were able to make up. Hunter apologized for being too pushy. I apologized for snapping.

"I don't know," I tease. "There was this kid in my Chemistry class that could easily re—"

"If you're about to even refer to the process of replacing me, I'm going to come over there and handcuff you to the bed, Brenna," he growls.

refer "And you would love that," I tease. "Wouldn't you?"

On the other end, Hunter coughs. I know it's mean of me to tease him about his not-so-secret crush on me, but he makes it too easy. Thankfully, despite my knowing, he doesn't press; he knows that I'll never be able to see him as anything but my best friend. And the fact that he has listened to that makes me love him even more. He's the sibling I never had.

"I'm sorry," I sigh. "That was uncalled for."

"No, it wasn't!" Nick calls. "Tucks needs a good reminder, every once in a while, that you're a solo babe."

On the other end, I hear some muffled movements and voices. I think someone groans in pain, which brings a smile to my face. Hunter probably punched Nick. And, honestly, the kid deserves it. He's the biggest chirper on the team.

"Hey, Bren?" Hunter asks. His voice is clearer now, which makes me think he's taken me off of speakerphone.

"Yeah?"

"I'm going to get going, okay? I'll text you when I'm home."

For a moment, I fear that I've offended him. But this is Hunter we're talking about—we've had this discussion so many times, and he knows that I'm not looking for a relationship. Hockey is my driving force, and I don't want to make someone feel like they're less important. "Okay," I sigh. "But seriously, what am I going to do about this disaster? I already have to put up with him through classes and hockey, and now we have to meet up at least once a week for this stupid French project."



"You're probably gonna hate me for suggesting this, but maybe give it a chance? I don't know what happened between you two, Bren, and sometimes I don't think you know either. Just test it out like the stupid hypotheses we go through in chemistry and then come to a conclusion. This I school we're talking about—I think you guys can manage to push your differences aside when the outcome will affect both of you. You don't want a failing grade, do you?"

"No," I sigh, hating that he has a point. I lean back against the couch and stare up at the TV. The Vancouver Canucks are playing right now and I've got the game on mute so I can hear Hunter.

"Trust me," he says. "And think about that saying, When life hands you lemons ."

When life hands you lemons I let out a huff of frustrated air. Stupid Hunter has a point. Shea and I both need a good grade in this class or else it's not going to look good on our applications. "While I think you've been working out too much and the sweat it finally getting to you, you, sadly, have a point."

If Hunter were here with me right now, he'd wink. "I've always been the thinker, you reckless badass. I'm the only reason you haven't murdered Shea yet."

I roll my eyes and set my skates down. "See you at school tomorrow."

"Bye, Bren."

Once we've hung-up, I toss my phone onto the coffee table and lean back, closing my eyes and sighing. This semester is going to be hell—no matter what Hunter says. Smith is not someone I want to deal with, but if he's the sour lemon that life as clocked me over the head with, then maybe there's a way I can make something that loosely resembles lemonade.

not "Watch the blades of your skates on the hardwood, Brenna," Mom calls from the kitchen.

I tilt my head back and stare at her. The kitchen is open-concept, so I can easily see her from the living room. "They're on this stupid, ugly-ass rug you have underneath the coffee table," I retort.

A crease forms between my mom's eyebrows, and I cringe. I shouldn't be taking my frustration out on my mom. I'm pissed that I've been paired with Smith, but I shouldn't be taking it out on anyone but Smith himself. Or... or my French teacher. She's the reason we're in this mess.

Mom enters the living room. Her brown hair is tied up in a messy bun and her purple apron is splattered with grease marks from the ground beef she's been cooking for tacos. Tonight is one of the rare nights that Mom is home and able to make dinner. Most of the time, she covers the night shifts at the hospital, which leaves me to make dinner and have leftovers in the fridge for her when she gets home. She wipes her hands on the damp cloth protruding from the pocket of her apron. "What happened at school?"

I sigh. "You know Shea Smith from Kelowna's team? Well, he's attending class at Boucherie now. He's in all of my classes and we got paired together for a project in French. It's one we have to do outside of class time." I pause, massaging my temples. "He's a sexist pig, Mom. I hate him and he hates me. We tried to get different partners, but Mrs. Lapointe wouldn't allow it."

Mom sits down beside me and wraps an arm around my shoulders. "I'm sorry, sweetie."

I shrug. It's all I can do. I've already attempted to fix this inconvenient mess but I didn't get the results I wanted.

"Think about it like a hockey game," Mom says, a note of hesitation in her voice. It irks me a little, but I don't think too much into it. I can't stop focusing on hockey. "You're the only girl in the league, Brenna. You play against boys every day, including Shea. If you can put up with him on the ice, then you can put up with him face-to-face. Ignore his pigheadedness as much as possible, but don't let him get away with everything he does. Call him out." She pauses. "Unless you want me to talk to the teacher."



I shake my head. That's the last thing I need—special treatment. Any boys in the league would pounce on the chance to taunt me if they found out my mom had a say in Shea not being my partner. "I'll be fine," I say, keeping my voice firm. "I can get through dealing with a dickhead like Smith. I've got Hunter to support me, too."

Mom smiles at me, ruffling my hair. "That's my girl." She gets to her feet and holds out her hand, helping me to my feet. "Now go wash up. Dinner's almost ready."

I suppress an eye roll and then lean down to pick up my newly-laced skates so I can reunite them with my hockey bag in the garage. Being partnered with Smith weighs heavily on my mind as I head to the garage. Although Hunter had a point, I doubt it's going to be an easy task. Smith and I despise each other. What if he refuses to do any of the work? What if I lose my temper like I did on the ice?

I silently groan.

Of course, life had to deal me this shitty hand. Of all the people I could have been paired with, it had to be Shea. I would rather work with Kaleb Jones, one of those stereotypical air-headed jocks, or that stoner kid in our class.

Glancing at the hockey skates in my hand, a small smile creeps across my face. If there's anything positive about us being paired together it's that I'll be able to take my frustration out on him when we face-off on the ice. Briefly, I imagine slamming him into the boards.

Yeah, maybe this isn't going to be as bad as I thought.

Yeah, maybe this isn't going to be as bad as I thought. I picture tripping him with my hockey stick and getting away with it. Man, he'd be pissed.

"That's some damn fine lemonade," I chuckle to myself.

When I get back to the kitchen, Mom has everything set up on the island: ground beef, taco shells, pickled jalapeños, salsa and sour cream, lettuce, tomatoes, and grated cheese. Two plates sit at the end. The two of us dish up and decide to sit on the bar stools today. Normally, we would sit on the couch and watch the Canucks game together, but it's intermission and nobody likes watching white men flaunt their expertise—if you can even label it that. They think they know what the player is thinking or why he made that decision, but it's all bullshit. It's just speculation. Annoying speculation.

A few minutes pass before Mom breaks the silence. "Hunter was here when I got home."

I bite down on my taco and chew slowly, thoughtfully. I don't want to have this conversation because I know where it's going to go. Mom is going to lecture me on hockey just like Hunter did. I don't understand the purpose of it, really. It's not like hockey has taken over my life—I'm still working and making sure my grades are top-notch. I still hang out with my girlfriends and go to the mall. Where's the problem with being passionate about a sport? At least I'm not sitting on the couch and playing video games, wasting my life away.

"Brenna, we're both worried about you. You spend a lot of time training. I'm proud of you for being able to keep your grades up—that was one of the rules we agreed on when you joined the league—and for balancing work with hockey, but there's such thing as too much exercise."

"Mom," I say, setting my taco down. "I'm not doing intense training every time I go to the gym. I'm just trying to stay fit for the game."

"I know, sweetie," she replies, "but you do an awful lot of it. Do you really need it when you train and practice with the team weekly? There are lots of other things you can do, such as go hiking with some friends or hang out at Johnson Bentley's."

This is beginning to feel like an interrogation I never signed up for. I thought Mom and I were going to have a nice dinner and talk about how our days went. Instead, I'm being judged for wanting to stay in shape and be at my best for games. I have to give her some credit, though—she's trying to mediate her suggestions by making them seem active as opposed to mentioning going to the mall or something like that.

In some ways, I guess my mom does have a point. Training has been nonstop since the season started up again and I'm always exhausted when I come home. But in order to be the best, you have to beat the best. I pick up my taco and take another bite. "I promise I'm not overdoing it," I say through a mouthful of food. It earns me a glare from my mom, so I chew and swallow as quick as I can. "I promise, I'll go out more with my friends. I just need to get used to the schedule a little more; figure out how I'm going to balance work, hockey, and school, as well as these homework sessions I need to have with Shea."

does Mom presses her lips into a firm line as she turns back to her food. She doesn't believe me—that's a given. But what else am I supposed to say to her? What am I supposed to say to Hunter? I don't have time for friends and pointless parties. And I can't just quit my normal routine.

"Brenna..." Mom finally says. "I don't know..."

I know I'm not going to win this argument tonight, so I do what any reasonable teenage girl would do when confronted by her own mother. I stuff my mouth with another bite of taco.





7




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Shea



Shea

Harrison's got it out for me tonight.

Crazy bitch.

Countless times, she's boarded me, tripped me, and cross-checked me. And you know what pisses me off the most, aside from the fact that she's doing these things? That she's getting away with it. The zebras are blind or bias if they can't call her out on these dirty plays. I don't know what the hell I did to deserve this, after the shit I had to deal with last night between my parents, but I'm losing my fucking temper.

The second period mirrors the first during the first ten minutes; West Kelowna controls the play and we're lucky to clear our zone, dump the puck, and get a line change. The fresh players exhaust themselves, then are rushing for a line change. There's something wrong with my team. We keep repeating this endless cycle as if we think something's going to change. I don't understand why we're playing so poorly. West Kelowna is walking all over us.

With five minutes to go in the seconds period, just as Tucker is about to dump the puck in our zone and enhance the pressure on our players, the puck takes a funny bounce and goes in the opposite direction. This bounce helps us out and slides past the defensive line in the neutral zone, opening up a two-on-one for KJ and I. We skate down the ice at full-speed, passing the puck back and forth to confuse the goalie. When I think he's questioning what we're going to do, I slam the blade of my hockey stick against the ice and call for the puck. KJ does a slap-pass. It's hard and crisp and allows me to shoot a beautiful wrister at the net. I'm positive it's going to go in, which is why I'm almost heartbroken when Charette gloves the puck, drops it to the ice, and then sends it flying down the ice to Harrison. She's behind our defence, but not offside, so the pass sets her up for a breakaway.

Coach is screaming at me to get off of the ice to complete the line change. I race after Harrison with whatever speed I have left instead. My strides are sloppy, frantic, and pointless, but I keep going. I keep pushing myself. Even when she scores from the blue line with a wicked slapshot, I keep skating. Stopping only when I get to the blue line. I turn around, ready to take some heat from Coach. As I skate back to my team's bench, I glance up at the scoreboard. West Kelowna is at five. We're at nothing. And what makes matters worse is that Harrison now has a hat trick. It's disgusting to admit, but this has been one of her best games.

It pisses me off.

"Smith!" Coach yells when I get to the bench. Behind me, I hear Tucker and a bunch of other guys congratulating Harrison. "What the hell was that?"

Fed up with how this game is going, I slam my stick against the boards. The noise sends a rush of satisfaction through me, but it doesn't last long. Hockey sticks aren't a cheap investment, and it appears I've chipped the heel of the blade. I close my eyes and sigh, sitting down next to KJ.

I wish this game was over.

* * *

With a minute-and-a-half to go in the third period, there's a face-off in West Kelowna's end. My line comes out for our final shift, and Harrison's line follows close behind. As her line hops over the boards, their coach reminds them to keep the shutout alive. I doubt that's going to be difficult for them, but I'm silently hoping we can ruin at least one thing for them tonight.



For the first time tonight, I win the draw against Harrison. The puck slides back to Kirton, who pounds a slap-shot at the net. It hits the crossbar and rebounds to the left corner of the ice. I chase after the puck. I know we're losing this piece of shit game tonight, but taking away that shutout is my primary concern now.

I'm the first player to the puck and I can feel the aura of an oncoming hit, so I brace myself for it as I try to get the puck to the front of the net. It's just... the hit comes later than I originally expected. After I've got the puck back to my defensemen, I turn around and am upended by Harrison. I catch sight of the blatant look of shock on her face before I crumple to the ice in a heap of sore muscles and sweat.

Above me, I hear a body being smashed into the boards.

"What the fuck was that, Harrison?" KJ yells.

I roll over, wincing at the pain radiating through my right shoulder and my chest. My head throbs. I can't catch my breath. The wind has been knocked from my lungs. Pressing a gloved hand against my chest, I try to soothe the panic. I know I'm okay, that I'll be able to breathe soon. I just have to stay calm.

Dazed, I glance up at Harrison and KJ. My teammate has Harrison pinned against the boards; his forearm presses hard across her chest.

"I didn't mean for that to happen!" she shouts, giving him a shove. "The idiot turned around too soon. I didn't think he'd passed the puck yet. It would have been a fine hit had he not—"

KJ pulls Harrison forward and then shoves her back into the boards, hard. So hard that she gasps for her next breath. "Fuck you, Harrison. You've been getting away with this shit all night. It's about time someone put you in your place."

Harrison spits on the ice. "It was an accident, Jones."

KJ is about to say something else, maybe even throw a punch, when someone yanks him back.

"Leave her alone, Jones!" Wright shouts. "You heard what she said—it was an accident. Back off."

I roll my eyes and sit up. My chest and shoulder still ache, but I can breathe better now. I prop my back against the boards as I let my fatigued mind stop spinning. As I'm sitting here, a sharp, shooting pain goes through my shoulder. A small cry of pain escapes my mouth as dread fills my stomach. If Harrison's hit has injured me enough to be sidelined, I'm going to shove her down the stairs at school to make sure she shares the same fate. This isn't good. I need to play hockey. It's my only ticket out of here. If I can find someone to look after my sister while I'm gone, that is.

need "Smith!"

I look up. Coach is kneeling before me, an unfamiliar look of concern in his eyes. The look of concern shouldn't surprise me—I'm the best player on this team—but it does. I'm so used to Coach yelling at me or complimenting me that this whole situation seems strange.

"Yeah?" I ask.

"You okay, kid?"

I nod. "My right shoulder hurts a bit, but I'm okay."

He squeezes my good shoulder and helps me to my feet. "Then let's get you to the dressing room. The game's over, anyway."

Once I'm standing, Coach gives me a couple of seconds to get used to the height. I'm a little dizzy still, but not as dizzy as I was before. As we head over to the bench, I ignore everything that's going on around me. I don't care what the refs decide to do with Harrison's crazy ass. I don't care if Wright kicked KJ's ass or vice versa. For the first time in my life, I want to get off of the ice and tend to my sore shoulder. I've also got a headache looming around the edges of my mind.



Just as I'm about to step onto the bench, I feel a hand rest on my shoulder. Out of morbid curiosity, I stop and turn around to acknowledge the stranger.

Harrison stands before me. The first thing I notice is that her helmet is off and her hair is no longer tied in a ponytail. Instead, the dark-brown that fades into a white-blonde is bracketing her round face. The next thing I notice is how flushed her cheeks are. Finally, I notice her blue-violet eyes. They're big, round, and full of regret. She's actually kind of... cute. But I'll never admit that out loud.

"What the hell do you want, Harrison?" I mean for my voice to come out as angry, but I sound more like a wounded, defeated dog.

"I'm sorry about the hit, Shea. I tried to stop once you passed the puck, but I was going too fast. I really am sorry."

I stare at her. I must have hit my head harder than I thought. Harrison apologizing to me? This must be a hallucination. But hallucination or not, a single apology doesn't change our past. It doesn't change the fact that we hate each other. It doesn't change the fact that she slammed me into the boards when I wasn't in possession of the puck. She also rejected my apology, so why should I accept hers?

Because I'm tired, all I do is shake my head and turn back to the bench.

"Number sixteen!" I hear the ref shout. "Two minutes for boarding."

I sigh. Two minutes for boarding? That's all she gets? It's such bullshit. But I guess that's the special treatment girls get when they're playing with the boys.

* * *

In the dressing room, the medic tells me I have strained my shoulder. "There's not much you can do with a strained shoulder, aside from rest it. I would, however, recommend you go to KGH and have some tests done regarding a potential concussion. I can't force you, though. Your choice."

I contemplate my options. Chelsea should be asleep by now. Mom also got back from her vacation yesterday, but Dad is still in Seattle, so that means there won't be any fighting going on. As much as I want to avoid the hospital, I think it's a good idea I go. I trust the team's medic, but I want an in-depth look at the damage that's been done to my shoulder—even if it's just strained. It feels worse, as if it's been dislocated.

I wince in pain as I shake my head. "I'll get someone to drive me to emergency. I trust you, man, I swear. I just want to make sure there has been no other damage done. I'll get tested for a concussion, too—I was a little dizzy when I got up." As much as I want to push these injuries to the side and continue to play hockey, I don't want my future career to be put in jeopardy because of my stupid decision. I need to go to the hospital whether or not I like it.

Our medic nods with approval. "Good thinking." He packs up his first-aid kit, but not until he's given me a couple of painkillers. "They'll take the edge off."

"Thanks," I mutter. I toss them back with no water, and then I turn to KJ. "Could you drop me off at the hospital?" It's a lot to ask him, considering he lives on the Westside and would have to drive me into Kelowna, but he nods without hesitation.

"You don't need to ask, Shea," he replies, clapping me on the back just beneath my good shoulder.

"Thanks, man," I mutter. I lean back against the padded wall and close my eyes, waiting for KJ to get changed and pack up his hockey gear. While the boys were finishing the game, the medic and our assistant coach helped me get my gear off; I'm ready to go whenever KJ is.

There's not a lot of talking going on in the dressing room while the guys undress, and that's because we ended up losing the game. As soon as KJ's done and has said goodbye to the team, we exit the room. I feel bad for making him carry my hockey bag, but he insisted.



"Bro," he says once we step outside the building. "Are you going to make to my truck? Do you want me to come and pick you up, maybe? I'm all the way over in the dirt parking lot."

A wave of dizziness overwhelms me and I lean against the wall of the arena, closing my eyes and gulping down the fresh air. "I think that might be the best idea," I reply. Although the painkillers are helping me, my shoulder feels like it's on fire. I need KJ to get me to the hospital as soon as possible. Thank God I have my wallet—it has my care card in it. I had been planning on doing some grocery shopping after the game, but that's going to wait until tomorrow.

"Okay," KJ replies. He lugs my hockey bag over his shoulder. "I'll be right back."

After KJ has left, I decide it's best for me to stay standing—no matter how badly I want to sit down. With the pain from my shoulder and the dizziness from my suspected concussion, I want to puke. Or pass out. Maybe both. At least when I'm standing, I have something to focus on: keeping my balance.

As I'm trying to decide which one sounds better, puking or passing out, I hear a group exit the arena. They sound abundant and content, so I'm guessing that group doesn't comprise my teammates. Closing my eyes, I try not to fall asleep standing up and make it seem like I'm minding my business. Which is a total lie considering I can hear Tucker, Wright, Charette, and Harrison talking about tonight's game from across the courtyard. If I had the energy to roll my eyes, I would.

"Hey," I hear Harrison say, "can you guys give me a minute? I think I forgot something in the dressing room."

When I no longer hear voices echoing through the area, I open my eyes and glance around. At first, it seems like everyone has left. But when I catch movement in the corner of my eye and see Harrison, I realize what she's done. She lied to her teammates so she could come over here and talk to me. It's a little surprising and maybe I'd take the bait if I didn't feel like shit, but right now I'm not in the mood to talk to her. Or anyone, really.

"Shea?" she asks, her voice timid.

I grunt in response.

She stops where she is, about two feet away from me, and stuffs her hands in her pockets. She's left her hockey bag in the middle of the courtyard. "I'm, um, sorry about the hit. I didn't mean to hurt you, I swear."

I screw my eyebrows together, squeezing my eyes shut. She's not talking very loud, but it feels like she's yelling in my ear. I have a concussion. That's the only explanation I can come up with. "Just fuck off, Brenna. I'm not in the mood."

My words come out harsher than I intended. I'm too irritated to apologize.

"Oh," she replies. Her voice is so soft and innocent I have to open my eyes to make sure I'm not dreaming. "Okay," she continues. She takes a step back. "I am sorry, Shea. I didn't mean to hurt you.

Another wave of dizziness hits me and I grip the wall for support, swaying a little. "You already said that," I say.

This time, she steps forward, reaching out to steady me. "Are you sure you're okay?" she asks. Her grip tightens on my bicep before she slides her arm under my good shoulder to support me.

I'll never admit this to anyone, but I'm glad she's here to help me stay upright. Without her, I'd think I was on the verge of keeling over. Because I feel like shit, I give her a little more of my body weight to handle. If she's strong enough to slam me into the boards, injure my shoulder, and give me a concussion, then she's strong enough to bear some of my weight.

"Is someone taking you to the hospital?" she asks.

"KJ," I mutter. My eyes are feeling heavy and the more weight I lean on Harrison, the more I want to fall asleep. "He's picking me up here."



"Okay," she replies.

Seconds later, KJ has pulled up beside us. He shifts into park and gets out of his truck, jogging over to me. He takes a moment to realize who's helping me.

"The fuck are you doing here, Harrison?" he spits.

"Helping Shea," she replies. I don't like how calm her demeanour is, but I'm not in a position to bitch at her. "I know you both hate me—I hate you guys, too. But with injuries like these, it's better to put our differences aside and work together. I feel terrible for what I did."

KJ snorts and jerks his head toward his truck. The two of them help me over there. I'm still putting most of my weight on Harrison, but KJ is right there, ready to take over in case she sprints at the last second. It wouldn't surprise me if she did.

Once I'm sitting in the truck, my head feeling like it's been stuffed with cotton balls, I close my eyes and even out my breathing. The pain in my shoulder is painful. Whatever painkillers the medic gave me are weak. Or my shoulder has gotten worse within the past ten minutes. I'm also dizzy, ready to puke all over the old mats of KJ's truck.

"You're taking him to the hospital, right?" Harrison asks KJ.

"Of course I am," he replies. "The dude can barely stand up on his own."

"Yeah, I noticed that." Harrison pauses. "Well, okay, I hope the injuries aren't too severe. Again, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt him."

"Whatever," KJ mutters. He closes my door and I don't hear the rest of what he has to say to Brenna Harrison.

By the time KJ gets into the truck, I'm almost asleep. This isn't a good sign for when I'll return to playing hockey, but the important thing is to not jump into conclusions; I need to wait until I've heard something from the doc before I worry about hockey.

For most of the ride, I fall in and out of sleep. The streetlights of Kelowna irritate me, but there's nothing I can do about that, so I suck it up. At one point, I send a message to my mom—as if she'd care, though. Lately, she's been spending most of her time reminiscing about how she missed out on her college years because she got pregnant at such a young age. I text Dad, too, even though he's in Seattle.

When KJ and I arrive at the hospital, he parks out front and pays for his parking spot before coming to get me. The walk into the hospital isn't fun; I'm stumbling and mumbling that I'm going to be sick at any second. KJ tells me to aim for the flowerbed if I puke. I keep my stomach under control.

Checking in takes about five minutes; I give the lady at the front desk my care card and answer any question she asks me so she can get a faint summary of what happened. The pen scratching against the clipboard is annoying as hell and I want to snap, but I don't. After that's done, she tells us to go wait in the seating area. KJ guides me over there and after we've sat down, he tells me to get some rest.

I lean my head against KJ's shoulder. "Thanks, man," I mutter.

"Any time, bro," he replies. "I'll wake you up when they call your name. Tonight's going to be a long night."

I barely hear him, though; within seconds, I fall into a restless sleep.

* * *

"Moderate concussion and strained shoulder," the doc says. After five hours of waiting, I'm on the verge of being discharged. It pisses me off. If I'm in the emergency ward, then why the fuck does it take hours to receive treatment? Ever since I woke up, I've been in agony. The nurses at the front desk told KJ they weren't allowed to hand out painkillers. I didn't receive any until my shoulder was reviewed and the CT scan on my head was complete. "I would suggest ten days away from any extensive activities—and yes, that includes hockey. For your shoulder, I'd recommend some stretching exercises. If you rest it, the flexibility should return by the time your concussion has healed." He glances down at his clipboard. "If you'd like, we can teach you how to put your shoulder in a sling. I would suggest it, as having a sling makes the mind conscious of the injuries. You'd be allowed to take it off during stretches, showering, and when you're sleeping."



I mutter a curse as I tug at my hair. Goddamn it. Ten days, give or take, is too long to be away from hockey. But I know there's nothing I can do aside from show up and cheer my team on while I heal. Playing without giving my body time to heal will only worsen my injuries.

"What about work?" KJ asks. He's leaning against the wall, next to a poster about the effects of high cholesterol. There are dark half-moons under his eyes. I can't blame him for looking exhausted. It's almost 2:30 A.M. "Shea's a barista at his family's café." KJ exchanges an understanding glance with me, and I have to look away. Maybe I confide too much in him, but it's nice to know someone understands the tough situation I'm trapped in. Losing out on both work and hockey would be detrimental to me.

The doctor—I've already forgotten his name—adjusts his glasses and nods. "Work should be fine, so long as you're working at the till and not collecting heavy loads of dishes."

"Great," KJ replies. "Is he good to go now?"

Although I told KJ he could leave after he dropped me off, he insisted he stick around. His support makes me feel shitty. Switching schools has been difficult combined with the increase of fighting between my parents, and I've been taking out my frustrations on him. I press my lips into a flat line, aware I haven't been treating him well.

The doc nods, his balding head shining beneath the lighting. "Unless he wants the sling, he's free to go."

I decide to go with the sling. You can never be too careful. I want my shoulder back to the way it was before Harrison hit me.

The process takes fifteen minutes, but I appreciate their patience. With my sore shoulder, it's difficult to adjust the sling. I get the hang of it, though. In no time, KJ and I are heading outside to his truck. It been raining, so the asphalt is slick and reflective. Fog has settled around the streetlights and the echo of sirens reverberates between the buildings. I glance at Pandosy, watching as an ambulance rushes past. The pulsing lights annoy me, and I have to look away. I find the location of KGH strange. Instead of being closer to a hub area of Kelowna, it's between, surrounded by older houses and the lake.

I pull my sweater tight around my body, my muscles and shoulders aching from tonight's game. God, that girl can hit. Just another thing to add to my list of things I'm jealous of. I need to get home and pop two Advils before bed. The sling comforts me and eases the stress regarding tomorrow's project session with Harrison tomorrow. I don't know if I can handle her for three hours. But I have to try. My grades are an important factor within my applications. Straight As are the key to a good application.

Thinking about Harrison isn't something I want to do, so I focus on the empty street ahead of us. Because the parking lot was flooded with vehicles when we arrived, KJ parked a block away. Walking down the sidewalk past midnight is peaceful. Save for the odd car that swooshes by, the city feels empty, giving me a moment to clear my head. However, as soon I feel semi-content, an item on my to-do list pops up.

swooshes "I'm sorry," I say, gripping the sheet of paper in my jacket pocket. It's an outline of what stretches my shoulder can handle and how to tend to a concussion.

"What?" KJ asks.

"I'm sorry," I repeat, glancing at him. "I've been acting like a dick."

KJ is silent for several seconds, a humble frown on his face as he stares ahead. I press my lips together, wondering if he's going to take this opportunity to yell at me. God knows he wanted to in the hallway at school.

"Hey," KJ says, bumping his shoulder against mine. "I know what it's like to have your parents divorce. It's shit, and although it shouldn't be a burden for us, it is. You're stressed, Shea, I understand, but don't forget I'm here for support. I'm not the enemy."

"Just because I'm stressed doesn't mean I can take my frustration out on you."

"No," he shrugs. "It doesn't. But I appreciate you admitting to your mistakes. Thanks."

I shake my head. He shouldn't be thanking me. "No, thank you . Seriously, KJ. I owe you one." I trail off into silence, contemplating if I should ask him about his ex. There's no point in having a girlfriend during high school or when hockey is on the table, but my opinion doesn't account for everyone else's. "Any news on Ella?"

you KJ's shoulder slouch, making me picture him as an old man with peppery grey hair instead of black hair. It's pathetic, how much he swoons over Ella Taylor. How much life it takes out of him when we discuss their issues. "No," he mumbles. "She's ghosted me. And every time I try to corner her in the hallway, she sprints in the opposite direction. I don't know what to do."

Sighing, I clap him on the back. "Wish I could be more help. I'm not one to discuss dating issues with, though."

"No," he laughs, "you're not."

I chuckle along with him. One day, when my life feels stable, maybe I'll consider diving into the dating pool. Until then, I balance my focus between Chels, education, and hockey.

"Love sucks," he mutters, "but it's also remarkable."

I can understand where he's coming from. The love I have for my sister is unconditional, but it's also a paradox. If I didn't love her so much, if I didn't feel the responsibility to look after her, I could pack my bags and head to Boston without feeling a drop of guilt. The bond between siblings, which is another form of love, is remarkable. Leaving her behind doesn't sit right with me because of it.

We spend the rest of the walk and then the drive home discussing primitive things such as homework, dates for the Winter Formal (which I'm not going to), and the upcoming party at Connor's house. I don't want to go, but it counts as a bonding session with the hockey team. Connor has a habit of spewing shit about you behind your back if you don't show up, too.

After KJ's dropped me off, unloading my hockey equipment and tossing it in the garage for me, I thank him and head inside. Someone left a light on in the kitchen, so I'm not stumbling around when I enter the house through the mud room. It's eerily quiet. I don't take the silence for granted. This is one of the rare times I've come home without witnessing a fight or having Chelsea sob into my shirt. It means Mom took care of her tonight.

I'm just about to head upstairs when I hear footsteps padding down the hallway. I freeze in place and wait. A few seconds pass before I see Mom. A wave of relief washes over me. I thought Chels had waited up for me. Mom's dressed in a fuzzy blue housecoat and her bun looks like a rat's nest. "Jesus Christ, Shea," she breathes, rushing over to me. She pulls me into a hug, careful of the sling. "What happened?"

I pull out of the hug. "I injured my shoulder at tonight's game." Yet another game you or dad didn't come to. "I texted you and Dad saying KJ was taking me to the hospital. I'm fine, Mom. My shoulder's been strained and I have a moderate concussion. I have to take a little less than two weeks off from hockey, but I'm okay."

Yet another game you or dad didn't come to. She flashes me a weak smile. "Okay, well, I'm glad you're okay."

My mouth twists to one side. After pinning the responsibility of tending to Chels on me, I find it difficult to believe my mom cares. Or either of my parents, really. If they cared, Mom would've rushed to the hospital with Chels to make sure I was okay. For all she knows, I could've been bleeding to death from a skate across the throat. My heart sinks a little. As it does, exhaustion hits me hard. The emotional turmoil is too much for me. "Look," I murmur, "I'm going to bed. I've got school tomorrow." Pushing past Mom, I head for the stairs.

"Is there anything you need?" Mom asks.

My foot sticks to the bottom step as I stare ahead, up into the dark hallway. The answer sits on the tip of my tongue, but I'm too afraid to answer. Mom won't like my answer. It'll offend her.

Because what parent wants to hear their kid wishes they'd get a divorce?

"No," I mutter, continuing my ascent. "I need nothing."





8




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Brenna

Brenna "You're working with Shea Smith ?" Catina Torsney asks as I step off the bus. Although I have a vehicle now, parking in downtown Kelowna is a nightmare. Their parkade is too expensive and good luck finding a parking spot on Bernard Avenue. Unless you arrive before the crack of dawn, you're screwed. I figured I wouldn't waste my time.

Shea Smith "Yeah," I sigh. "I'm not looking forward to it."

"I'm sorry, Brenna," she says, sounding sympathetic. "If it's any consolation, you kicked his ass at the game last night. Maybe he'll keep his tongue in check." She sighs. "We miss having you on the team. Those road trips to Revelstoke and Vancouver aren't the same without you."

I turn my back to Queensway and head down the sidewalk. Cat's reminiscence of our old road trips strikes a chord in my heart. It's difficult being the only girl on a male-oriented hockey team. I'm alone in the dressing room. The road trips are okay—my teammates treat me no differently. There's still one problem, though. I'm the only girl. And because of that, I avoid outings with the team either post- or pre-game. It makes me feel like the third-wheel, despite all of them being welcoming.

When the crosswalk sign lights up, I cross the street, stopping in front of Mosaic Books. Starbucks is across from the bookstore. I have one more side of the four-way intersection to cross.

"Brenna?" Cat asks. "You still there?"

"Yeah," I reply, loneliness weighing on my heart. "I miss our road trips, too. Playing hockey with the boys is difficult, but I like the challenge."

"What?" Cat laughs. "Were we too easy?"

"No!" I exclaim, glancing at the traffic lights. They should turn yellow any second now. "That's not what I meant. From my experience, women have better technique and speed; we're more agile and focus on the structure of the play. Most men like to use their brute force combined with technique. You don't see women throwing their strength around. Having to deal with their force gives me the opportunity to analyze plays in ways I couldn't with the girls' team. It sharpens my senses; I have to be aware of action in every direction. Women's hockey, in my opinion, is more fun to watch. Our skills shine. We're more concise. Men's hockey is much more... rugged."

The light changes and I walk across the intersection, stopping outside of Starbucks. It's busy inside. I doubt I'll be able to hear Cat once I'm inside.

"I knew what you meant. I was just teasing you." She chuckles, her voice scratchy through the speaker. "Are you almost at Starbucks?"

"Yeah," I reply. Through the glass floor-to-ceiling windows, I can see Smith sitting in the back corner. He's hunched over his laptop, a sling supporting his right arm. Despite our bad blood, the sight of him sends a rush of guilt through me. My innocent hit turned to a dirty one when he passed the puck and turned around. Because of his footing, I couldn't see the puck until it was too late. I couldn't change direction. I was unable to stop. No amount of guilt can compare to the guilt that comes with taking someone out of the game. I hope I didn't dislocate his shoulder. I sigh again. "If you wanted, I could try to convince Coach to put you on the team. He's supportive of mixed gender teams."



"I want to play on a mixed gender team when society doesn't need persuasion. Women are just as good as men. But you're making a statement for women. That counts for something." She pauses. "Don't forget about us. Me, Millie, and the rest of the team miss you. We need to visit Mad Mango and share their salad rolls soon."

Her response disappoints me. It is unfair we have to work in order to gain equality and break norms, but we need to make a stand. As a unified force, one that builds each other up, we're influential.

"That sounds good," I reply. I don't want to lecture her. I'm already stressed about working with Smith. "What about next weekend? Are you free?"

Papers ruffle through the other line. "I'm not sure yet. Coach Ashley was discussing a potential tourney. She's supposed to let us know by tomorrow. It was a last-minute thing. I'll text you, okay?"

"Okay," I reply.

After we've said our goodbyes, I slip my phone into my pocket and step into Starbucks. The homey aroma of coffee fills my nose and the warmth unthaws my cold cheeks. While I enjoy Starbucks, I wish we would've agreed to go to Pulp Fiction instead. They have the best hot chocolate in Kelowna. I was craving something chocolatey, but I suppose my usual macchiato will do.

Smith still hasn't seen me. He's too busy staring at his laptop screen, trying to work the touchpad with his left hand. My mouth pulls to one side, and I decide I'm going to buy him a coffee. Maybe he'll consider it a peace offering. I know he's pissed at me. He's had just under twenty-four hours to cool down, and he wasn't in class today. I'm assuming he took the day off for some rest.

After I've paid for the drinks and received them from the barista, I take a deep breath, adjust my backpack, and then stride over to where he's sitting. I keep my shoulders thrown back and my expression neutral. My chin is slightly tipped to the ceiling.

"Hey," I say, setting the cup down beside his laptop. "I bought you a coffee."

Smith glances up at me, his exasperated expression turning neutral. It's creepy how well it mirrors my own. I take a deep breath, remembering what Hunter told me. We have a common goal. While we may not like each other, we want a grade that will reflect our work ethics.

"Thanks," he says, picking up the drink and taking a sip.

Preventing my face from displaying surprise is nonexistent. It's obvious he's not pleased with my presence. I figured he was going to throw the coffee in my face or tell me he didn't like it. I wasn't expecting gratitude.

"Don't look so surprised," he drawls. His hazel gaze flicks to mine, and I'm surprised by how different they look without a crease being between his brows. He always frowns when we're playing hockey or when we're in class. His eyes are a collage of greens, browns, and tinted with gold around the pupil. It's like his genes couldn't decide which colour to go with, so they chose them all. "I don't give up free drinks."

While Smith is enjoying his coffee, I remove my notes, textbook, some loose-leaf paper, and a pen from my backpack. I organize them in a neat line and then look up at him. He's set his coffee down and is tapping at the keyboard. Watching him hunt-and-peck for letters drives me crazy. He looks like a kindergartener learning how to type.

After a sip of my macchiato, I clear my throat. "So, um, are you ready to work?"

His lips curl into a semi-sneer. My grip tightens around the pen. God, I hate his sneers. After the way he's treated me both on and off the ice, I have every right to toss my coffee in his face and say to hell with it. I'd gladly do all the work alone if my other classes weren't so weighted with homework.



Because he's not replying, I direct the conversation elsewhere. "How's your shoulder?"

Smith's chest rises and falls before he shrugs his good shoulder. "It's fine." He glances down at the sling. "I don't need the sling, but the doc said it would be beneficial for the strained muscle. It should be ready for hockey around the same time my concussion heals."

I draw my bottom lip between my teeth. It's relieving to know his shoulder isn't dislocated. "I'm sorry."

"Whatever," he says. He leans down to scoop up his laptop bag. My hands itch to help him with the zipper, but I stay glued to the chair. If I help, he'll snap at me.

But when I think back to last night, when he leaned against my shoulder and trusted me to hold him upright, I change my mind. "Here," I say, reaching over. "I can help."

He swats my hand away, the motion causing a strand of his sandy-brown hair to tangle with his lashes. "I don't need your help or your pity, Harrison." His eyes flash with disgust, making the pretty colours ugly. "Wouldn't want you to waste your precious time. You might lose out on painting your nails or whatever shit girls do."

I look at the coffee cup before me, the temptation to throw it in his face growing. Although he's being his typical asshole-ish self, I have to give him the benefit of the doubt here. Based on what he's told me about his shoulder injury, I'm assuming his concussion is mild to moderate. Sitting on the sidelines for two weeks isn't fun. And if there's one thing we have him common, it's our passion for hockey. He must be devastated.

Still, I don't like his tone of voice.

"Can it, Smith!" I spit, my voice venomous. I'm not letting him get away with this. Instead, I'm calling him out on his bullshit. "You don't have the right to act like a dick because of a mistake I've apologized for. We need to finish our project without killing each other. Until January, we have to get together once-a-week. Just pretend to like me, okay?"

I lean back in my chair, exhaling. He doesn't look impressed with me, but he sighs and runs a hand through his tousled locks. "Fine. Working with you sucks, but I need an A for my transcripts."

I almost sag in relief. Mostly, we have diffused the situation. "Okay. Good. Then let's get started."

"I just don't get why we have to start so early," he complains. "It's not due until January."

I take a sip of my coffee, burning away the sarcastic remark sitting on the tip on my tongue. "We're staring now because this project weighs heavily on our final grade. It's also relatively large. We also have to decide which French-speaking area we're basing our work on."

Smith rolls his eyes and shifts uncomfortably in his chair. He grimaces, but the pained expression on his face diffuses quickly. It's almost like he doesn't want me to see it. "So, what are we doing it on, Harrison?"

"We're supposed to decide together," I reply.

He lets out a sardonic laugh. "You think I give a shit? I'll contribute, but you can make the major decisions. I don't care. We just need a good grade."

I press my lips together. Smith never struck me as the type to care about his grades. From rumours, I heard he was more interested in parties and hockey than passing French. I only assumed he cared based on how badly he wants to play university hockey. I've heard him mention it a few times to Kaleb in the hallway when I'm passing by.

"Québec," I reply, writing the word in block letters across the top of my paper.

"Why not France?" he snorts.

I let out a huff of frustrated air. I may end up killing him. "Because," I reply, "I think it would be fun to explore another province."

"Okay," he shrugs, taking a sip of coffee.

I drop my pencil to the table. "Why?"

"Why what?" he blinks.

"Why do you act like a pigheaded asshole?"

He cocks a brow. "Because you don't belong on the ice with us. You belong to a women's league. I don't know what you did to get on West Kelowna's team, but you don't deserve it." He glances at the coffee in his hand. "Plus, this is a shitty peace offering. Everyone knows my grandma's café has better coffee."

To my dismay, tears prick my eyes. He's such a dick. Why he hates me is still a mystery. But that doesn't mean he's allowed to treat me poorly.

So why am I sitting here and taking it?

Mom taught me better than that.

Forgetting about my coffee, I round up my belongings and shove them back in my bag. The chair screeches across the floor as I stand. "Keep telling yourself that, Smith," I snarl. "We both know the real reason you hate me is because I intimidate you. I'm a threat. In fact, I can skate circles around you. Plus , I have more apples and ice time than you and Kaleb combined." I cock my head to the side and smile sweetly at him.

Plus He raises his eyebrows, a subtle smirk on his lips. "I'm so brutally offended I don't think I'll be able to look at my reflection."

My emotions bubble over the edge.

Picking up my coffee, I strip the lid from it and douse him in the remaining liquid. It's cooled down, so it doesn't burn the smirk from his face. It does piss him off, though.

does "The actual hell, Harrison?" he sputters. Coffee stains the sling and his grey sweatshirt.

Sick and tired of his shit, I turn around and storm towards the exit. My hand is on the handle when I hear him shout.

"Wait!"

A hand curls around my wrist, causing me to spin around. When I see the regretful look on his face, my tongue falters. I'm not used to seeing his sensitive side. I didn't think he had one.

"Fuck," he mutters, releasing my wrist. He runs a hand through his hair. "I'm sorry, okay?" His eyes close for a second, as he takes a deep breath. "I'm upset I can't play hockey for at least ten days. I'm upset you refused to believe my apology opening night." He glances down at the coffee-stained fabric. I can tell it pains him to apologize to me. "I didn't mean to punch you. And Connor's comment was out of line. That kid is an asshole."

I run my tongue along my lip, remembering the taste of blood the night he punched me. The punch that was meant for Hunter, not me. Although I know I can't trust Smith, his intention was to punch Hunter. That was obvious. No one expected me to push Hunter out of the way. My interference led to a split lip. And, I have to admit, Connor's comment is part of what drove me to shove past Smith in the dressing room. If there's one person I hate more than Shea Smith, it's Connor Watt. He's the type of man who believes women belong in the kitchen. Thank God he's a goalie or else our teams would hold the record for most penalty minutes.

"I'm sorry I punched you back," I sigh. Although I didn't aim for his face, I still tackled him to the ice and contacted his chest... with my fists. I think I bruised my knuckles more than I bruised him. "And I am sorry about the hit."

Still, after everything he's done, it pains me to reinstate my apology. I'm the bigger person, though. I can't allow someone's negative attitude to affect my character. When that happens, I make bad decisions like I did on the ice.

"Okay," he nods.

I eye him, noting the coffee stains on his sweater and sling. "I'm not apologizing for the coffee. You were being an ass."

He glances down at the stains. The corner of his mouth quirks up. "Okay," he repeats.

I follow Smith back to the table where there's a puddle of coffee beneath the chair. It makes me feel sheepish. After today, we're going to need a new spot to meet. I'm never showing my face here again. The barista who has to clean this mess up later is going to curse my name.

I'm not sure how long this coffee-stained truce is going to last between us, but if it means we can get through the outline of the project, then I'm okay with that. At least we'll have something to account for.

Shrugging my backpack off, I sit down across from Smith, hoping our common ground will be enough.





9




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Shea

Shea Staring down at my coffee-stained sweater, I chuckle and toss it to the side. It lands beside my overflowing laundry hamper. Harrison had some balls drenching me in coffee in the middle of Starbucks. I have to admit, I like her no bullshit attitude. I still don't like her playing hockey with us, though. My jealousy is still strong.

Pulling on a fresh pair of jeans and a sweater, I collect my wallet and phone from the nightstand. There's a party at Connor's house tonight. Connor and I live in the same area—the Kettle Valley—but his house is fifteen minutes away from mine in walking distance. Since my house in on the way to Connor's, KJ offered to pick me up. I regret agreeing. After today's events and the soreness of my shoulder, I want to lie on the couch and watch a hockey game. But I can't back out now. KJ's on his way here.

Tonight, it's just my dad and I in the house. Mom's at the café with Chelsea, finishing paperwork for payments. I hope Noah's there, keeping my sister company.

Dad's in the kitchen when I make it downstairs.

"Where are you off to tonight?" Dad asks, thumbing through the newspaper.

I wrinkle my nose. Who reads the newspaper? Haven't tablets replaced it? "To Connor's house. We're having a team meeting."

Total bullshit. We're getting together to eat greasy pizza and drink, despite us having school tomorrow. Plans aside, I know Dad has something he wants to discuss. Something that will act as a blow to my ego.

"Sound good," Dad replies, his voice gruff. His familiar gaze flicks to my injury. "How long until your shoulder has healed?"

Here we go. "Ten days," I reply. "Two weeks at the most. I have a concussion, too, remember?"

"You shouldn't have let that girl hit you."

girl I roll my eyes, but I'm surprised by my next words. "Harrison didn't mean to hurt me, Dad. She couldn't see the puck."

Yeah, I'm pissed I can't play hockey. But if Harrison can accept my apology, then I can accept hers. After we created a truce between us, working with her wasn't so bad. Where I struggle with French writing composition, she excels. Where she struggles with pronunciations, I can guide her. It was almost like we were kids again, playing on the same hockey team and wracking up the points together.

Dad's gaze flicks to mine, and I'm greeted by the same look of disappointment I received after hockey camp years ago. Dread and humiliation churn inside me as I cast my gaze away, reminding me of why I hate Harrison so much. If she would stop trying to prove herself, I wouldn't need to worry about her skills nullifying mine. Or Dad's disappointment haunting me.

Dad sets his newspaper down. "Are you defending her?"

"No," I reply, my voice wavering. "I'm telling the truth. Honesty is a trait hockey players value, Dad. Although she was aiming for a clean hit, she apologized for it being a dirty one."



His mouth forms a hard line. "You believe her?"

I know Dad wants what's best for me. He wants me to tune my hockey skills and play to the best of my abilities. But I'm tired of his games. He builds me up to bring me down. Last time we talked, he complimented me on scoring a goal, promising he'd come to a game soon. Today, he's telling me I'm the one at fault for Harrison's hit.

I cock an eyebrow at him. "Do you believe your fights aren't affecting Chelsea and I?"

Dad flinches. "Shea. Your mother and I's relationship is different."

"Save it," I reply, shaking my head. "If you and Mom have any respect for your kids, you'd get a divorce already. Or attend counselling." I run a hand through my hair and expel a deep breath. "Seriously. The least you and Mom could do is privatize your arguments. This atmosphere isn't healthy for Chels. When I'm the only one home, have a full-out brawl. Leave Chels out of this. She's too young."

Before Dad can try to justify his position in this, I spin around and head for the front door. KJ is going to be here any minute. Besides, I need some fresh air before he arrives. If I don't calm down and prepare myself for Connor's narcissistic personality, I'll end up starting a fist-fight.

Outside, the air is chilly. We're halfway through September. The promise of a rough winter can be felt in the evening air. I tug the drawstrings of my sweater, wishing I'd grabbed a jacket. While I'm waiting at the end of my driveway, I lean against my car and sigh. I should've backed out of this when I had the chance.

Five minutes have passed before I see the headlights of KJ's truck. It's an old, battered thing, but it holds character. I respect the vintage feel of his truck. If he ever decides to sell it, I might buy it off of him.

"How was the coffee date?" KJ asks once I'm buckled in.

"It wasn't a date," I mutter.

"Right," he replies, looping around the cul-de-sac. "How did it go? You're alive, but is Harrison?" He pauses. "No, wait. Don't tell me. I can't defend you if I know you killed her."

"Hilarious," I drawl, rolling my eyes. While Harrison and I hate each other, we wouldn't consider murder. "It was fine. We formed a truce. Not sure how long it'll last, but we got a fair amount of work done today. After she doused me in coffee."

KJ chokes on a laugh. "You must've been acting like a dick if she threw coffee in your face."

"I was," I sigh, rubbing my sore shoulder. Why does pain act up at night? "It's just difficult to not act that way when I'm near her."

KJ presses his lips together and nods. He guides the truck to the right, turning up Chute Lake Road. "Just because your dad said Harrison was a better hockey player doesn't mean she is. Everyone has a different skill set, Shea. You're letting him get to your head."

I press my forehead against the cool glass of the passenger window, ignoring KJ. He doesn't understand my father. He's a workaholic who strives for perfection. Unless I'm the best player in the league, he'll never acknowledge my skills. Fuck, he hasn't been to a game for years.

After we've passed Kettle Valley Coffee & Scoops, KJ takes a right onto South Crest Drive, and then a sharp left onto Killdeer Road. When we come to the next intersection, passing by a mishmash of houses, we take another left.

"Dude," KJ says, "what's going on? You don't seem happy."

I stare at Powerline Park, wondering why the hell a city would consider a grassy area around obtrusive, ugly power lines a park. There's nothing nice about it. The name implies everything: a segment of power lines between rows of houses. Oh, and don't forget the grass.



"Just stressed," I reply. "With school and work and missing out on hockey."

At the corner of Seon Crescent, KJ turns into Connor's driveway. It's filled with several cars, telling me KJ and I are the last ones to show up. I suppress an eye roll.

"That's understandable," KJ replies, cutting the engine. I can tell he wants to press for more information, but I'm glad he doesn't. He knows how much I hate Connor. I'm volatile around him. He presses my buttons to where I can't handle it. "Ready for this shit show?"

"Ready as I'll ever be," I reply, unbuckling my seatbelt. If worse comes to worst, I'll drink until Connor's comments don't bother me. I'd rather face a hangover than be mentally available around him.

KJ and I let ourselves in and head downstairs to the man cave. I'm not sure where Connor's parents are or what they do for a living, but he always throws parties when they're out of town.

The man cave, a room large enough to be considered a living room, already reeks of stale alcohol and sweat when we enter. It's painted a dark grey and is decorated with old hockey sweaters. I've been down here so many times I can name all of them. Howe, Gretzky, Orr, Lemieux, Crosby, Richard . A large flatscreen TV sits on the far wall. On the coffee table, there are empty bottles of beer, bottle caps, and several bags of chips. The sight of such processed food makes my stomach flip. Aside from drinking every once in a while, I'm a health nut. I don't want carcinogenic foods like that in my body.

Howe, Gretzky, Orr, Lemieux, Crosby, Richard We're greeted by a round of hellos, but no one seems to care we're late. Instead, they coax us inside. Jayden hands each of us a beer. I'm hesitant to drink it, but when I hear Connor make a comment about our upcoming hockey game against Rutland, I toss back a sip. We lost the last one against them. If I have to listen to Connor blame our losses on us as opposed to his developing goalie skills, I'll need a buffer.

I toss back another sip, wishing this night was over.

* * *

"For the last time," I say, "Harrison and I didn't go on a date. That girl is a piece of work. I would never date her."

Five hours have gone by, and I'm turning loose-lipped. I'm losing my filter because of the buzz in my head. Lucky for me, it's drowned out Connor's voice for most of the night. I'm feeling pretty good.

"She can be difficult," Jayden admits, "but I'd kill to be her partner. I'm wishing I was the one who got kicked out of KSS. She'd guarantee me an A in my French class."

"So you can live under a mountain for eight hours a day?" KJ snorts, tipping his drink back. "What world are you living in?"

"The sober one," Jayden laughs.

It's true—Jayden, out of everyone on the team, is the only one who refuses to drink. There's no judgement coming from me. It's just a shame he'll never know the mind-numbing effects. I am, however, grateful KJ and I have a ride home. Jayden's someone you can count on.

"How was it, though, man?" Brody asks. "It must have been hard to keep your eyes off of her ass. I've seen her in leggings before." He loosens a low whistle.

Several other voices chime in agreement.

My grip tightens around my half-empty bottle of beer. I may not like Harrison, but if I ever heard someone talking about my sister like this, I'd lose my mind. Why should Harrison be treated any differently? Those kinds of comments are meant to be kept behind closed lips. Though, I will admit, Harrison is nice to look at—and not just her ass.

"Come on, guys," KJ says. "She has more qualities than that. I've gone to school with her since kindergarten. She's wicked smart and has a mean spike in volleyball. She also made it onto the boys' hockey team. I'd call that impressive."



I tilt my head back against the cushions of the couch, closing my eyes. My mind is numb, but I could add several more characteristics to KJ's list. Independent. Confident. Feminist. Strong.

Independent. Confident. Feminist. Strong. Brenna is everything I want my sister to be when she grows up.

Brenna is everything I want my sister to be when she grows up. "Dude," Connor says, giving my bad shoulder a rough nudge. "Don't fall asleep on us. We want details. What happened when she arrived?" He averts his gaze from mine, a sardonic smirk on his face. "Personally, boys, I'd rather see her assets than her ass."

With both hands, he makes a grabbing motion above his chest. Then he nudges me again.

I grimace in pain. Asshole. I'm trying to mend my shoulder, not worsen it. When I look down at the drink in my hand, I feel a rush of guilt. Alcohol will not help me. I sit up and set the bottle down, heading over to the small fridge for a bottle of water.

"Calling it quits already, Smith?" Connor calls.

I flip him the bird. The plastic water bottle is cold against my skin. I crack the lid open and take two gulps before returning to the seating area. "I've got a shoulder to heal," I say as I sit down. "After she arrived," I continue, "she bought me a coffee, and we got to work. We both want a good grade, so we settled for a truce."

The only person who knows I'm lying is KJ. When I glance at him, there isn't a dent in his poker face. His trustworthiness is one reason we're friends.

Connor glares at me. He's not happy with my response. If he's looking for a way to degrade Harrison, he must find another source. I deserved to have coffee thrown at me. I will not let Connor have the satisfaction of judging her actions and calling her names. She's a piece of work because she's confident. Being confident can piss people off, but that's not an excuse to call them names.

"Jones," he barks, directing his attention to KJ. "How's Ella?"

KJ picks at the label on his bottle. "Don't know, man. I haven't talked to her for a while. She broke up with me, remember?"

"Man," Chase says, punching KJ in the arm. "You can do so much better than Ella Taylor."

"Not likely," Connor snorts before my friend can respond. "He's pussy whipped by a whore who doesn't even love him."

KJ recoils against the couch. When he's sober, he knows how to defend himself. With the addition of alcohol? His emotions are volatile. Especially right now, when the break-up is still fresh in his mind. While I still think he should've listened to me and avoided committing to a relationship, this is unacceptable. Not only because Connor's goading KJ, but he's talking smack about Ella. This is how rumours start.

Seriously, fuck Connor.

"Connor," I grit out. "Knock it off."

Connor shoots me an innocent, mocking look. "Why? You're the one who always says relationships are a waste of time. We're trying to teach Jones your words of wisdom."

I sigh, pinching the bridge of my nose. He's right. I don't support relationships. That's not the point, though. "You're right," I shrug. "I'm not fond of romance, but KJ is. Quit bringing up Ella. The break-up hurt him. You're also degrading Ella, which isn't right."

I sound like a fucking hypocrite. I haven't been very supportive of KJ and his break-up, and I'm ashamed it's taken me this long to realize it.

"This sounds like some kind of feminist bullshit," Preston Kline, one of our defensemen, says. "Why else would Ella break up with him? She was probably seeing someone else. She deserves to be labelled."

I'm ready to bang my head through a wall. Why do I surround myself with people I hate? If I had my way, Jayden, KJ, and I would ditch this party and head back to my place. We'd order sushi and play cribbage or some video games. Maybe discuss strategy for hockey, despite me being injured.

"Stop it, guys," Jayden says. "We're supposed to be bonding." He locks his gaze with Connor's. "Shea's right, man. Stop talking about Ella like that. Treat her equally, like we do with Brenna."

Connor snorts. "If we were to treat her equally, we wouldn't refrain from beating the shit out of her. Someone needs to put that bitch in her place. Coach always tells us to treat her no different. So why are the rest of you such pussies?" He leans over and claps me on the shoulder. Again. "You all need to be a little more like my man, Smith."

I'm going to fucking kill him.

My mouth curls into a sneer. He's one reason I don't allow Chelsea near my hockey team unless there's plexiglass between them and her. The only players who have met her are KJ and Jayden—I know I can trust them. KJ's babysat her, for God's sake! Connor is a special type of man. Although I don't agree with mixed gender teams, Connor believes woman shouldn't be allowed to play hockey at all. "My intention was never to hit Harrison," I argue, setting my water down. "Tucker was picking a fight with me, and Harrison stepped between us. I apologized to her after the game."

He snorts again. "Sure you did."

My jaw clenches.

"He did," KJ pipes up.

I shoot him a grateful look.

Connor looks exasperated. It's something that happens when people gang up on him. He covers his anxiety with a snort, though, and says, "Why do you take advice from Smith? He wouldn't know romance if it smashed him into the boards."

His comment pisses me off. "Fuck you, Watt. If I wasn't fully committed to hockey, I bet I could draw any woman in."

Connor sets his drink down and studies me. I reach for my water bottle and open it, taking a sip. After several seconds, he glances at the guys. "What do you say? Should we document this bet Smith has made?"

Everyone, except KJ and Jayden, nod.

"All right," Connor says, tapping his chin. He grins at me, his eyes swimming from all the alcohol he's consumed. I watch with caution as he removes his wallet and pulls out a hundred-dollar bill. He places it on the coffee table.

"You think you can pull in any woman?" he mocks. "Then I bet you one hundred dollars you can't get Brenna Harrison to go out with you."

I nearly choke on my water. I'll defend Harrison and other women, but I will not date her. Working on our French project and playing hockey together is already punishment enough.

not Connor's fucking daft.

"I second that," Preston says. He follows Connor's lead and places another hundred on the table.

Soon enough, every player except KJ and Jayden have thrown money onto the table. There's just over two thousand dollars on the table. Almost the whole team has contributed money.

I lick my lips and stare at the money. I could do a lot with two thousand dollars. It could cover my textbooks for two semesters! I could even leave this money behind for Chelsea and whoever's looking after her (if it comes down to that). This money would be beneficial.

"I'll double that amount if you can get her into bed," Connor clarifies.

He's hanging the opportunity over my head. I rub the stubble along my jaw, thinking about how I would react to someone playing Chelsea like this. I would be livid, but my situation is different. I need that money. It will give me a push I need towards my post-secondary education goals, as well as hockey. Even if what I'm saying makes me a hypocrite, money is tight. Maybe... Maybe there's a way I can get through this without hurting her.

need I expel a deep breath, the buzz of alcohol numbing my brain. "Fine," I reply, shaking Connor's hand. "I'll take the bet."

Connor grins as if he's already got me beat.

I ignore his grin.

Nothing matters more than money right now. I'm desperate to make it to Boston University. While doubling the sum is tempting, I decide here and now that I will not sleep with Harrison. Some other man can do that with her. This money, the original sum, will be my safety net. And my main goal.

I'll make her fall in love with me...

As long as that money is in my pocket by the end.





10




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Shea

Shea Well, I've put myself in one helluva predicament.

That's all I can think as I wander down the hallway to Biology. How am I supposed to play nice with Brenna? It's not like I can flip the script and become friends with her again. We have too many years of bad blood between us. In order to win her over, I need to be nice, express my interest in her interests, and quit bitching about a girl being on the boys' hockey team.

Easier said than done.

If I show too much interest, she's going to suspect something's up. If I continue to feed the conflict between us, I'm never going to win that money. She'll hate me forever.

Goddamn my decision to drink last night. I should've avoided the alcohol and kept my senses sharp. If I'd been entirely sober, I would've kicked Connor's ass and told him to fuck off. I wouldn't have given in to such a primitive method of earning money. I have to admit, though, it's a helluva lot easier than getting another job. At least roping Harrison in works with my schedule—we already have to collaborate with our French project. We also see each other frequently because of hockey.

As the morning hours passed, I watched Harrison through Chemistry. I was trying to figure out her weaknesses, what she likes and dislikes, and what we have in common. So far, I've learned several things. First, she sticks close to her friends: Tucker, Wright, Charette, and a girl named Evren. She's also partners in Chemistry with Ella, KJ's ex. Harrison hates cheese on sandwiches—I watched her pick it off during lunch. Her favourite NHL team is the Vancouver Canucks, and I can't help but express gratitude toward the person who created key chains. Who knew key chains could hold such valuable information?

Key chains aside, the Vancouver Canucks are also the team I cheer for. They give me some leverage. When I sit down next to Harrison in Biology, earning a glare from Charette, I bring up last night's exhibition game.

"What did you think of last night's win over Calgary?" I ask, watching Mr. Davis write the outline of our class on the whiteboard. I avoid her gaze because I know she's pissed at me for stealing Charette's spot.

"I think their win resembles a promising season," she replies. Her voice is calculating.

"Me too. That Pettersson kid looks great."

Harrison drops her pencil to the desk and swivels in her chair. "What the hell do you want, Smith?"

I tear my gaze from the whiteboard and stare into her blue-violet eyes. Her eyes turn to thin slits and she presses her lips into a flat line. As I'm shrugging, a smirk encompasses my lips. God, she's fun to poke. "Maybe I'm just trying to break the ice, Harris— Brenna . No pun intended."

Brenna My comment earns me an eye roll.

"Ah, c'mon Brenna," I continue. "I'm trying to be nice. I acted like a dick at Starbucks. Maybe I'm still trying to make amends. We said we wanted to act civil around each other. Is there shame in trying?"



I want to choke on my own words. There are better things I could focus on than Harrison. I could sketch out new plays to propose to Coach. Or talk to Noah about my upcoming schedule and when I'll need him to look after Chels. But I have no one to blame other than myself. I took this stupid bet, now I have to face the consequences.

Her eyes widen the slightest bit, and a light dusting of blush coats her cheeks. It's almost like she's remembering the moment she drenched me in coffee. She made it clear she wasn't apologizing for that—and I don't blame her—but I think her reaction has affected her. "Oh... well... I guess you're right, Sm—Shea. As much as I hate to admit it, you've got a point."

I shrug, tapping my pencil against the heavy Biology textbook on my desk. "Have anymore ideas about the project?"

Harrison goes into full-on academic mode, leaning forward in her seat as she explains her idea. She wants to do a project on a Canadian citizen's Montréal lifestyle. From poutine to the importance of keeping the French language alive, she's got it covered. I try to pay attention, nodding my head as words fly from her mouth. It's difficult, though. Mainly because I'm shocked by her brilliance. The pieces of her outline I'm able to absorb are guaranteed to gain us an A. And, if I'm going to be entirely honest with myself, her low-cut romper is an eye catcher.

Yeah, I'd tap those.

The neutral expression on her face turns vicious. "Are you fucking kidding me?" she hisses. Harrison doesn't yank her romper up to cover her cleavage. Instead, she stares at me with indignation and keeps her shoulders and chin held high. "You have self-control! Use it! I'm so sick and tired of men getting away with shit. Just because women wear low-cut tops does not mean we want you to stare at our chests. Our clothes don't imply we haven't left much to the imagination—and nor should that even be a thought." She motions to her eyes. "My eyes are up here. Have some fucking respect!"

not Half the class is staring, and my cheeks are heating. Fuck. I can't believe I said that aloud. It was a thought that never should've been heard. Goddamn my mouth. Just because I think it doesn't mean it's right. I'd be upset if someone ever said that to my sister. I don't care if it makes me a hypocrite, but I'm not about to admit I'm mortified. It would be detrimental to my reputation.

The back of my chair cuts into my shoulders as I stretch. "What?" I smirk. "My comments should flatter you. I'm one of the hottest commodities at this school."

Harrison clenches her jaw. I can see millions of angry retorts spinning through her head and smouldering behind her lips, but she's a smart girl. She says nothing because she knows Mr. Davis will snap at us if we make any commotion. He's got this "silence is golden" policy in his class. We're not supposed to speak unless it's academic-related. Once we're in his classroom, the rules are absolute. Our hushed voices can only go so far.

Her silence is scary, though. I flick my gaze to the side, wanting to groan. What the fuck is wrong with me? This is not how I meant for things to start. It's just so damn easy to push her buttons, and I like the fire in her eyes when she reacts. "Do you want to get together this weekend and work?" I ask. "I heard from a little bird you don't have a game on Sunday. I also have the day off from work."

"And who," she drawls, "was that little bird?"

"Tucker talks loudly during lunch. You should tell your boyfriend to use his inside voice when we're in school."

"Hunter isn't my boyfriend," she replies, rolling her eyes. "Why does everyone think he is?"

"Because you hang out with him too much?" I snort.

"Like we did when we were friends?" Harrison snaps.

My expression falters for a moment, leaving me wondering why her comment has made me stumble. Why does it make me uncomfortable? Why do I care? The questions I ask myself are a cover-up. I know exactly why her question causes me to falter. "We weren't friends," I mutter, averting my gaze to the notebook in front of me. I flip it open and scribble in today's date in the top right corner.

Harrison's voice is soft when she speaks again. "We went to the same elementary school, Shea. For seven years. We played on the same hockey team and hung out at each other's houses before you moved from the Westside to Kelowna. You can't tell me we weren't friends."

I grip my pencil tightly. The day Dad ridiculed me for being lesser than a girl echoes in my head. Until that point, we were friends. We didn't hang out every day, but we got along and would carpool to hockey together. I went over to her house sometimes. During the winter, we would always play hockey on the frozen pond by Rose Valley Elementary. The days when she came over for hot chocolate after were the best. "We weren't," I shrug. "I don't know where you cooked up that story, Harrison."

were "Christ!" she exclaims, tossing her pencil down. "Why the hell do you keep shrugging? It's so annoying!"

Just to piss her off, I shrug again. It's not my fault she's easy to bug—and piss off. It is, however, my fault I resent her. I'm still allowing Dad's words to fuel my grudge. But not having his approval stings. Just like the soreness of my shoulder.

"Ugh," she groans. "Just leave me alone, okay? Go sit with your own friends. Drew and I claimed these spots at the beginning of the semester."

"You didn't answer my question." I want to make a comment about these desks not being their property, but I bite my tongue. She'll probably smack me.

Her gaze flicks to mine. The blue-violet colour of her eyes looks electric through her long lashes. "If I agree, will you shut the hell up and leave me alone?"

"Maybe," I shrug.

"Fine." She reaches for my good arm and rolls up my sleeve. She's leaning close to me, and I can smell the faint hint of perfume. It's something floral with a hint of maple. "Text me the details. I'll talk to my mom."

I snort. "Since when do you need permission from your mom to go out? Aren't you seventeen?"

Her eyes pierce mine. "I discuss events with Mom because she's the person who raised me. She's done everything for me, so the least I can do is let her know what's going on in my life."

"What?" I chuckle. "Do you need permission from your parents for everything?"

She writes her number on my forearm, the smooth skin of her hand brushing against me. The tip of the gel pen tickles, but I keep my arm grounded against the desk. I don't want to bump her and cause her to mess up her cell phone number.

" Parent ," she corrects, finishing her number. "My dad isn't around. Never has been."

Parent Her last sentence captures my interest, sparking many questions. When I pull up memories from our childhood, I don't recall seeing her dad around. I'd always assumed travel was common within his career. Now, it's obvious that's not the case.

I stare down at the number she's written on my arm. The ink is blue, smudged from her left hand. When I glance to my right, I see some ink has rubbed off on her. Being left-handed must be a pain in the ass when writing.

Harrison seems to notice my curiosity. "Before you say another word," she adds, "I'm going to tell you to shut the hell up. What happens and has happened in my house is none of your business. Got it?"

My mouth pulls to one side. "What if I want to know more about my partner?"

"Don't know," she shrugs just as the bell rings. "Maybe because you're a total dick?"

She tosses her hair over her shoulder and swivels in her seat, staring ahead at the whiteboard. Her perfume washes over me again, causing a lightbulb to go off in my head.

"Are you wearing Shawn Mendes's perfume?" I snort, remembering when KJ had to buy some for Ella last year. He dropped the bottle when we got home from the mall, soaking the kitchen's hardwood floor. Mom couldn't get the smell out for months. Now, I buy it for KJ's birthday every year as a joke.

Harrison's jaw tics. "Maybe," she shrugs.

A crease forms between my brows. That shrug was hardly an answer.

Yeah, maybe it's a little annoying.

Yeah, maybe it's a little annoying. I brush that thought away. I need to focus. While I'm not fond of trying to get close to Harrison, it seems I've taken a step to the positive side. I have her phone number.

Now all I need to do is make her like me.

Easier said than done.





11




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Brenna



Brenna

On Sunday, before Smith arrives, I hop in the shower. Last night's game went late. I was too tired to shower when I got home, and I reek of hockey equipment. It's a smell that reminds me of sweat and dirty socks. My shower is quick, as I have limited time before Smith arrives. When I'm finished, I tie my hair up in a wet bun and apply a thin layer of makeup. Enough makeup to cover the bags under my eyes. This past week has been rough. Every morning, I've been getting up at five A.M. for hockey practice or a morning spin class. After the gym or practice, I usually head to school, where I sit in class for almost eight hours (minus lunch break). Then, depending on the day, I either have to work or help my team win a hockey game. Or there's another hockey practice. It all depends on the day.

Water drips down my back as I pull on a Nike sweater and a pair of pale skinny jeans. My bedroom is a disaster, so I take fifteen minutes to locate my French textbook, notes, pens and pencils, and the final outline I've printed for Smith. Last night, before I crashed, I highlighted the portions we could do. I think he's going to be okay with it. I've divided the work up evenly, and the workload isn't too much. But Smith and I will discuss before anything is completed.

With my arms full of our French project, I head downstairs to the kitchen and lay the items out on the island. It's a quarter after one, meaning Smith is fifteen minutes late. I'm worried he knocked while I was showering. He would've texted me though.

However...

I haven't checked my phone recently.

Sorting through the papers and pencils, I find it beneath Smith's copy of the outline. When I tap the home button, the lock screen pops up and shows me three unread text messages. The first one says he's here. Hey, I'm here. He directs the second at me, asking me where I am. Harrison, where are you? His third text messages confuses me. I'll shoot some pucks, then.

Hey, I'm here. Harrison, where are you? I'll shoot some pucks, then. As I'm heading to the front door, to make sure he hasn't left, I rub my chin. How are pucks related to French homework? Slipping my phone in my pocket, I step outside in my socks and walk down the pathway. When I come to the driveway, I hear a puck ring off of the post. My frown deepens when I see Smith taking shots. His bag is leaning against the tire of his car and his sling is draped over the hood. My first instinct is to tell him he's being stupid. If he continues to do this, he's going to worsen his injuries. Upon closer inspection, I see he's not overextending his injured shoulder. Smith is being careful with his actions.

He takes a shot, trying to hit the old water bottle I left behind.

It misses. There's not enough strength in his shot, but the aim is also off.

He loosens a muffled curse. When he turns around and makes eye contact with me, that same curse is expelled clear as day. The stick falls from his grip, clattering against the asphalt. He rests a hand against his chest. "Are you trying to kill me? he demands.



I snort, leaning against the pillar. "Trust me, Smith, if that were the case, my tactics would be direct. No beating around the bush here."

A lopsided grin appears on his face. He removes his ball cap and runs a hand through his hair, setting the cap on backwards. It looks good on him, but not nearly as good as the tan-coloured varsity jacket. It hugs him in all the right places. "Glad to know I'm worth the trouble."

The last thing I want is for his sarcasm to bring a smile to my face. But it does. "How long have you been out here?" I ask.

"Five minutes, give or take," he shrugs with one shoulder. "No big deal."

We lapse into silence for a few seconds. I'm not sure where I'm supposed to direct this conversation. Smith pulls his mouth to one side and leans down to pick up the hockey stick.

"Were you trying to hit the water bottle?" I ask. Hockey is a common topic between us. I know he hates me being on the team, but he can't disrespect the sport.

"Yeah," he sighs, eyeing the Gatorade water bottle. He rotates his injured shoulder with a concise motion. "I want to blame the lack of accuracy on my shoulder, but I've never been good at hitting the water bottle."

I push off of the pillar and head down the remaining steps. "Hard to believe. You have a wicked wrist shot." Leaning down, I scoop up the puck and drop it in front of him. "Let me see your stance."

When Smith doesn't move, my gaze flicks up to his. It isn't hard to tell he's not pleased. The last thing he wants is a girl giving him advice on how to shoot. "Come on," I press. "A little help won't harm your ego." I gesture to the space surrounding us. Although KJ lives around the corner, I rarely see him. He exits the neighbourhood in the opposite direction. "None of your buddies will see you."

He's far from concerned about what his buddies will think. I know if KJ or Jayden were to see him receiving lessons from me, they'd be over here begging for some tips, too. Every once in a while, when Smith isn't around, Jayden will talk to me. He's good kid compared to the other members of Smith's team.

"Fine," he mutters, shifting into his stance. It's a little off because of his injury, but it's basic and correct. However, when I check where his hands are placed, I realize what his problem is.

"Your left hand should be down a little lower," I say, guiding his hand down the hockey stick until it's a forearm length down the shaft from his top hand. I ignore the warmth of his hands and the roughness of his knuckles. "And applying downward pressure into the playing surface. It'll engage the flex of your stick, providing better accuracy."

He's hesitant, but he follows through. His shot is feeble, skimming asphalt, but it hits the back post below the water bottle. A small ring radiates across the driveway. Once his healing process is complete, he should be able to hit the water bottle, no problem.

"Huh," he says, leaning against the stick. "That wasn't too bad."

His genuine surprise surprises me. Maybe I was wrong to judge our truce so harshly. There seems to be some stability building between us. It feels alien to flash him a smile, but that's what I do. "Try it after your shoulder has healed. That way, you'll have a better chance of gauging the strength of your shot and combining it with accuracy." I pause, deciding to push this a little further. "To be honest, I wish your shoulder wouldn't heal. I cringe every time I think about blocking your shot."

Smith chuckles. "You've always been a defensive forward. It takes guts, Harrison. I leave that job to my defence."

Once again, I'm surprised. Did Shea Smith just... Did he just compliment me?

compliment

I tuck a strand of curled hair behind my ear, surprised. Spending some time out here taking shots might be a good way to ease the tension. Ironically, hockey appears to be working. Without another word, I jog to the side of the house and grab an extra hockey stick. When I return, Smith is wrapping his arm back in the sling. I'm impressed. After several failed attempts, I'd toss that sling to the ground and leave it behind.

"We should head inside," Smith says. "Our French project needs some TLC." When he glances up at me, I'm still staring at the sling. Aside from the velcro being slightly out of place, he's done a perfect job. His arm is secure. "The doc taught me how." He nods at the front door. "So?"

"Why?" I ask, flexing my hockey stick. "We could stay out here for a few hours." I pause. Smith's injured shoulder isn't something to take lightly. We can't stay out here and shoot pucks. He could go for a light jog, though. With the sling keeping his arm secure, there wouldn't be too much jarring. "Or we could go for a jog. I have a fantastic route."

Smith leans on his hockey stick, grinning at me. "Loosen up, Harrison. French isn't relaxing, but your body could use a break."

A rush of panic goes through me. What's wrong with my body? "Excuse me?" My voice shakes as I ask, but he doesn't detect my nerves. Instead, he curses and retracts his sentence.

"I—that's—" He stumbles over his words, but recovers. "Exhaustion. I'm talking about exhaustion. Too much physical activity causes burnout. Being an outstanding hockey player is about regulation; a balance between working and relaxing. You had practice last night, and you went to the gym. Take a break for once."

and My lips press into a firm line as my defensive side awakens. What is it with people telling me to relax? I'm living a healthy lifestyle and pursuing my dreams. I don't see any unhealthiness there. My determination is stronger that most people's. "You're one to talk," I scoff. "I saw you at the gym yesterday. Why do you even come to the Westside when you live in the Kettle Valley? And what about your shoulder, huh? Why workout when it's injured?"

I already know the answer. Smith comes to this side to work out with KJ—and because the Westside has the best gym. He also avoided any upper body strength training or anything that would jar his shoulder. I recall the moment we made eye contact last night while I was on the treadmill. He didn't sneer at me or expel a rude comment. He looked away. It was... strange. Smith will take a jab at me whenever he can. Last night, I couldn't help but feel appreciative. He let me work out with no conflict.

I'm still pissed about his comment about my body, though.

Before I can continue the conversation, Smith speaks again. "Your body is fine, trust me."

As soon as the words are out of his mouth, his cheeks turn pink. "We should just get inside," he mutters, shoving past me. He leans the hockey stick against the side of the house and stoops down to collect his backpack.

I stare after him, wondering where he got such a high audacity level. He thinks he can just walk into my house? After he's stepped inside and discarded his shoes, he disappears around the corner, heading for the kitchen. I question it for a brief moment before a pang of memory goes through my heart. Of course he knows where the kitchen is. I've lived in this house all my life. Once upon a time, Smith and I were friends. Carpool buddies. Teammates.

Am I foolish to feel sympathy for our relationship after all the turmoil we've faced?

Probably.

Memories are terrible in that sense; they can ambush you and remind you of what was. Of what you lost. I'll never understand why our friendship crumbled to dust. Why the foundation cracked and left us treading dangerous waters.



Sighing, I follow suit, resting my hockey stick beside his.

* * *

Today's session has gone well. We've had a few disagreements, but none have led to a shoving or yelling match. I call that progress. Now that we're finished with our target goal, Shea's packing up his belongings. He has a hockey game he needs to attend tonight. They're playing Salmon Arm, and he wants to be there to support his team.

"Next Saturday afternoon won't work for me," I reply. "I have to work." After work is over, I'm hosting a small party.

"Where do you work?" Smith frowns. He pauses amid stuffing a binder into his backpack. I've offered several times to help, but he's denied my offer each time. In a polite manner. His politeness is off-putting. He's never polite around me.

"Buckerfields," I reply. "Whenever there's a shipment, I unload the truck and help place products on the shelf. It's spontaneous, but there's a guaranteed shipment every Saturday. One time, I was called in at two A.M., but I enjoy the work."

Smith's mouth pulls to one side, as if he's stuck in deep thought. "No wonder your slap shot hurts so much. Heaving bags of dog food all day must exhaust your muscles."

I have to admit, I'm surprised. Smith's the only one who understands why I took this job. When I told my friends, they thought it was too much on top of hockey and attending the gym. "It does," I reply. "It's like free strength training."

He shakes his head. "No. It's like you're being paid to do strength training."

A small smile encompasses my lips. "I never thought about it that way."

After Smith has loaded his backpack, he holds up the wet cloth. Halfway through our session, he had to take some painkillers and ice his shoulder. I had to find him an icepack and cloth to wrap it in. Now that the icepack has unthawed, the cloth is wet. "Where can I put this?" he asks.

"There's a laundry bin in the closet upstairs," I reply, rinsing the last of the hummus from the bowl. When that's drying in the sink, I put the remaining carrot and celery sticks in a plastic container. That goes in the fridge. I turn back to the sink, soaking a clean dish cloth. "But I can take it up later. Leave it in the sink."

"Nah," he shrugs. "I've got this. You're busy."

I glance down at the sudsy cloth in my hand. Now that I have put the food away, I need to wipe down the island. It's covered in pencil shavings and energy bar wrappers, and smudges from our fingerprints. We were too invested in our work to worry about the garbage can. "Okay," I reply. "That'd be great. Thanks."

Smith heads upstairs, leaving me alone in the kitchen. Mom's supposed to be home within the next hour. I was planning on making a stir fry for dinner. It would be a great way to use up the veggies Smith and I didn't eat. But putting together our project and setting dates has exhausted me. I might just grab a pizza from the freezer and stick it in the oven.

Five minutes have passed by the time the kitchen is clean. Aside from the pile of papers and school supplies on the island's corner, the cleanliness levels up to Mom's standards. I hang the wet cloth across the barrier that separates our dual kitchen sink, leaning against the counter when I'm done. Smith isn't back yet, which makes me wonder what's taking him so long.

I draw my bottom lip between my teeth. Why do I suddenly feel awkward in my own house? God, I hope I closed my bedroom door. Clothes are strewn everywhere and piles of books are on the floor. I'd been rearranging my bookshelves before I realized I needed to shower.

Gathering my books and school supplies in my arms, I head upstairs to my bedroom. The closet door at the top of the stairs is partially open. I shrug to myself. He must've gone to the bathroom. At least, I'm hoping he has. As a hostess, it would be rude to leave him alone. After letting himself in without an invitation through the door, I'm assuming he's comfortable enough to make himself feel at home in the kitchen. If I'm not down there, maybe he'll leave.



Before heading to my room, I adjust the closet door. If we don't close it properly, the noise of the dryer will echo down the hallway. It's rather annoying. When I enter my bedroom, I set the papers, binder, textbook, and pens and pencils on the bottom shelf of my bookshelf. Seeing it there, acting as nothing but clutter, aggravates me, but I vow to organize it later. Just like the rest of my room. After I've cooked dinner and watched Vancouver's exhibition game, though. My eye catches one of the many books I haven't yet read. Although I'm a compulsive reader, I'm also a compulsive book buyer. I buy books despite having several I haven't read. I grab one and slide it under my arm. It's fun to read while doing sit-ups with the game on in the background.

When I turn around, I see something I never would've expected in a million years.

Smith is standing in my bedroom. His side profile is visible as his eyes inspect the pictures on my wall. No—wait. He has one in his hand.

The book slips from beneath my arm. A small scream escapes from my lips. "Goddamn it, Shea! What the hell are you doing in my room?"

He turns to me, frowning. "Did you just call me Shea?"

"That's your name, isn't it?" I snarl. I'm embarrassed. That's why I'm using my attitude to conceal it. How did I not see him when I walked in?

The crease between his brows becomes more defined. "You never call me by my first name."

Swiping the book from the floor, I toss it on my bed and walk over to Smith. I plant myself in front of him, my arms crossed and brow cocked. "Why are you in my room, Shea?"

I use his first name to shake him, which it does. He clears his throat and averts his gaze. "Why do you have a picture of me?" he mutters. "Brenna... we haven't hung out since middle school."

Okay, I can see what he means about using our first names. It is strange. He's called me Harrison for the past five years.

"So?" I ask, plucking the picture from his hand. I pinch the clothespin and position the frame of the Polaroid photo beneath it, making sure the photo is secure before I release it completely. The photo of Smith and I is from when we were nine. We're at the pond next to Rose Valley Elementary in mid-January, when ice has frozen over the surface. Save for our skates, gloves, and helmets, our hockey equipment has been replaced with winter gear; coats, snow pants, and scarves. My gaze lingers on it for a few seconds before I turn back to Smith. "We were friends. This rivalry stems from you, Smith. I've been in the dark since the moment you stated hating me."

were He flicks his gaze to the photo. Sadness fills Shea's hazel eyes. It's a faint flicker of emotion, giving him a sense of humanity, but it fades quickly, replaced by the firm set of his jaw and a cold stare. "The past is the past, Harrison. Let it go." He turns his back to me, heading for the door.

I turn, following him. "Seeing people from your past makes it hard to let go. Why can't you tell me what I did? If I did anything to hurt you..." It doesn't give Smith the right to treat me like shit, but I want to be held accountable for my actions. If I offended him, I want the ability to apologize.

Shea stops at the doorway. "Because you wouldn't understand. Some things are better left unsaid, Harrison; matters need to be passed over in silence."

"You have no right to make that judgement."

He spins on his heel, tufts of his sandy hair sticking up from beneath his backwards ball cap. "Just like you have no right to play with the boys?"

My mouth drops open, and I feel my fists clench at my sides. His comment shouldn't surprise me. But it does. It does because I've been stupid. I tricked myself into believing our truce could hold up. "Get the hell out of my house, Smith. Now."

Muttering a curse, Smith trudges in the opposite direction, putting distance between us. He stops at the doorway. "Hey."

"What?" I snap, grabbing my book.

"I'm sorry, okay? You're... you're an excellent hockey player and your skills make me jealous. Sometimes, I can't control my reactions." He pauses, contemplating his next words. "Do you... KSS is having a bush party next weekend, up by my place. Friday night. Would you, uh, want to come?"

"No," I reply. In what world does an invitation make up for what just happened? He disrespected me. Agreeing to go to a party would make him think I forgive him, which I don't. I deserve to be on the ice just as much as he does. And if I have to drive it through his thick skull with my skates and hockey stick, I will.

"What?" He doesn't look offended that I've rejected his invitation, but he is surprised. Almost as if he thought reuniting as friends for a party would cure the damage between us. Unless he comes forward and tells me what made him hate me, nothing will be able to sedate the damage.

"No," I repeat, my voice firmer. He's not allowed to get away with all the shit he's put me through. "I don't want to put up with your hypocritical behaviour. If Chelsea wanted to play hockey with the boys, would you crush her dreams and say she's not allowed?"

Smith casts his gaze downward. His bottom lip is drawn between his teeth, silencing any response.

Of course he wouldn't.

"Exactly what I thought. You're a hypocrite. You are sexist to other women and girls. I've seen good qualities in you, Shea. But positive qualities account for nothing when they're only displayed in private. I don't know what's going on in your life, but even if things are difficult, you don't get to act like an ass without facing consequences."

With his lips pressed in a flat line, Smith exits my room and disappears down the hallway. As his footsteps echo down to the main floor, I glance at my photo wall. The picture of us sticks out like a sore thumb. Sadness envelopes my heart. Why is it painful to lose a friend? To be constantly reminded of it?

If I could go back to when things were simpler, I would.

But I can't.

Instead, I have to continue forward, wondering what the hell drove a wedge between us.





12




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Brenna



Brenna

I go out for a late lunch with Catina and Evren on Friday. Mille was supposed to tag along, but she got caught up in taking over another shift at Winners. We also had to switch the day of our lunch and get together because of clashing work schedules tomorrow. We hit up Mad Mango to enjoy some authentic Vietnamese cuisine. Evren insists we get an order of the salad rolls—I insist we get three orders. They're the most delicious food salad rolls I've had, and the peanut sauce is the shit. When we're finished with the appetizer, we order our main lunches. After eating so many salad rolls, I'm unable to finish my food.

"Would you like that wrapped up?" the server asks me.

"Yes, please," I nod, wiping my mouth with a napkin. "Thank you."

"We'll have ours wrapped, too, please," Evren adds. As usual, Evren looks top of the line. Her rose-gold bracelets jingle around her wrist as she smooths out her brown shoulder-length style hair. The sharp jut of her chin complements her ruby-red lips. So does the silky cream-coloured cami she's wearing beneath her black cardigan. I've always been jealous of Evren's style. She has this unique ability to pull of anything, be it a hair style, lip colour, or outfit.

"So," Catina says once our dishes have been cleared. "Are we going through with this?"

I check my phone. The screen is lit up with several text messages from Hunter, Nick, and Drew. There's nothing from Ella. We're not close friends, but her breakup with Jones seems to have shaken her. Quietness has been her best friend throughout class. I thought it would be a good idea to invite her. A little support can go a long way, and I know her well enough to invite her over. I hope she takes the invitation and joins us. We're probably just going to play video games and eat junk food. Maybe watch a movie on Netflix.

There's also a text from Mom. She's back to working the night shift at the hospital, giving me the opportunity to throw a party behind her back. That, however, isn't how I roll. I quickly scan through her text message. She's okayed me having some friends over. My response is a list of who's coming, and an excess amount of heart emojis. "We are," I reply. "Mom said it's okay."

Catina rolls her eyes. "Why do you ask your mom about everything? You're going to be eighteen next year."

Evren nudges Catina in the ribs. "Brenna's told you, like, fifty times. Her mom trusts her, and she wants to keep it that way."

"I get it," Catina says, leaning back in her chair. As she crosses her arms, the server returns with our packaged food. We thank her, and then she tells us we're welcome to pay up front whenever we want. "But you need to live a little, Brenna. Take some risks. You never go to parties or do anything teenagers do. You're always playing hockey or working out at the gym."

I suppress a snort. Why do kids cross their parents? Betrayal isn't a column in the foundation of relationships. I can't imagine lying to my mom. Then again, my mom has always been lenient with me. But that's because I've never given her a reason not to trust me. "I'm taking plenty of risks by playing with the boys."



"What the hell are you talking about?" she replies. "You kick their asses."

Evren even sends me a skeptical look.

I flick a piece of rice from the table, feeling indifferent to males. "I'm risking their egos. It's like they forget about me. Yes, I'm a girl. Yes, I play hockey. Yes, I will kick your ass. Every time I step on the ice, they're shocked. I take pride in denting their fragile egos."

Evren and Catina burst into a fit of uncontrollable giggles. I can't help but smile with them. It's true, though—the boys underestimate me. Aside from my team, there's only a handful of boys who don't underestimate me. Kaleb Jones and Jayden Miller dislike me, but at least they're respective to my face. I don't give a shit about what they say behind my back. People can say whatever they want about me. All that matters is I know who I am and what I stand for. I could pit the entire world against me and I'd still believe in myself. My stubbornness is strong. It's what unifies me with hockey—a white, male-dominated sport.

"Still wish you'd come back to the girls' team," Catina sighs. "I miss our road trips."

I send my friend a sympathetic smile. Never will I apologize for joining the boys' league. Skills are conditioned and circumscribed by competition. Continuing to play with the women's team would've been too restrictive. And not regarding skills. I'm talking about the quality of the organization. Boys get more tournaments and better exposure than girls do. They get more funding and support. They get a fucking bus to travel to places like Coquitlam and Vancouver.

My decision was entirely selfish. Why join the boys' league and fuel their recognition? I could have stayed with the girls and voiced the inequality. But every woman knows that would've done nothing. Silencing our voices has become the norm. It's unfair that females have to prove themselves worthy of their skills. But if playing better hockey than boys across the Okanagan is what I have to do to make a statement, then so be it. I'll infiltrate the system and break it from the inside.

Evren nudges Catina and leans over, whisper-yelling, "She will not change her mind."

"I know," Catina sighs. She swirls of the last of her water around, ice cubes clinking against the frosted glass. "We should leave. I want to stop at the grocery store and buy some snacks and drinks for tonight."

My nose wrinkles. She's going to buy barbecue chips like there's no tomorrow. I hate barbecue chips. "We're coming in with you," I say, pushing my chair back. From my purse, I remove my wallet. We always get into an argument over who's paying for lunch, so when I flash my debit card to Evren and Catina, I say, "You guys can pay for the drinks and snacks. That way, it balances out."

hate Catina's jaw clenches, but she doesn't argue with me. She hates it when other people pay because she doesn't want to feel like she owes them anything, which she won't after buying the snacks. Evren can handle the drinks.

"I'm cool with that," Evren says, slinging her purse over her shoulder. Her heels click against the linoleum as she follows me to the front desk. "God knows Cat will buy the worst snacks."

worst "I buy delicious snacks! Drew, Hunter, and Nick love the stuff I pick out!" Catina calls from behind.

Evren and I snort.

Up front, I give the cashier our bill and tell her I'll be paying by debit. She takes several seconds to type in the orders and have the proper amount be charged. While she's sorting out the prices, I listen in on the conversation behind me.

Evren and Catina are bickering over the snacks. "How can you label them as good snacks when there are no ketchup chips? Like, I can't believe you call yourself Canadian. What Canadian citizen doesn't like ketchup chips? Their flavour has vigour compared to barbecue chips."

good

"Ketchup is full of sugar," Catina snorts. "It doesn't belong on anything—not even fries. Therefore, you two are never in control of snacks for parties. You buy that nasty ketchup shit."

I can hear the eye roll in Evren's voice. "They don't actually use ketchup to flavour the chips. It's processed shit and a bunch of spices."

Smiling, I tap my card against the payment terminal. It immediately rings through as accepted and the cashier hands me the receipt. "Thank-you," I smile. Pocketing my card and the receipt, I turn to face my friends, food in hand. They're still stuck in the argument about ketchup chips and blocking people from passing by. I suppress an eye roll and guide my friends outside into the welcoming autumn air. Leaves litter the sidewalk as a cool breeze sweeps through the downtown area. It's cloudy today, with the promise of rain on the horizon; the mountains of Okanagan Valley are shrouded by mist. I pull my bomber jacket tighter around my body.

"I think we should bus back to my place. We can drive to the grocery store after," I say, squinting up at the sky. If we go to the downtown Safeway and delay catching the bus, there's a better chance of us getting caught in the rain. It's quite the walk from the bus stop to my place. "By the time we get back, Hunter and the rest of the guys should be there."

"That's a good idea," Evren nods, stepping around a group of college students. We stop at Ellis Street, waiting for the light to turn red. "Walking back to your house in the rain would suck."

Catina snorts and gestures to Evren's heels. "You're insane for wearing heels. How do you expect to walk up Westlake Road in those?"

Evren glances down at her chunky heeled ankle boots. Something I could never pull off—I'm more of a Converse girl—but they're adorable. "Did you ever think there's a reason she's wearing them?" I tease. "Evren can obviously handle it." I poke Catina in the side as the light turns red, signalling for us to walk. "I'm sensing some jealousy, Cat. You'd fall flat on your face wearing those."

Catina swats my hand away and bumps her shoulder against mine. "So would you."

"Hence the reason I prefer Converse," I laugh.

We continue down the sidewalk, passing Frock & Fellow, Funktional, and Mosaic Books. My gaze lingers on the bookstore for several seconds. If I were alone, I'd spend hours in there, browsing the books and chatting with fellow readers. My favourite novels are fantasy ones with strong female characters. The novels that will remove me from reality and drop me into a different world.

Through the window, I notice the book I'm reading right now. An Ember in the Ashes. Regrettably, it brings up memories involving Smith. His cowardice pisses me off. Telling people how you feel solves problems. If he would tell me what the hell went wrong between us, we'd be able to get along better. Not that he deserves my respect. He's an asshole, despite the outstanding qualities he has. The good don't outweigh the bad when you're sexist, though.

An Ember in the Ashes. "Come on, Brenna," Evren laughs, looping her arm through mine. "No books today."

A sigh escapes my lips. Evren and Catina will forever think it's because of their restrictions. It's not. I miss the days when Shea and I were friends. I hate that whenever I see his face, all I can think about is us as kids.

Those hours on the frozen pond, playing hockey and laughing.

* * *

"Jayden Miller?"

Those are the words that escape my mouth when I open the front door. I'm greeted by his relentless brown locks and even darker eyes. His brown eyes are startling, reminding me of a forest floor after spring rain. The hood of his charcoal-grey hoodie is pulled up and damp. My eyes trail across his thick brows, down his strong nose and pattern of freckles, and across the five o'clock shadow along his triangular jaw. Yet, despite the masculine vibe, there are still babyish features. His eyes are round and big, almost doe-like. There's also a roundness to his cheeks, as if he hasn't lost the baby fat yet.



His face makes the blood rush to my cheeks before I can stop it. Although he's friends with Shea, it doesn't inevitably make him an asshole. Jayden has morals, and he's respectful. He's the type of hockey player that helps someone up off the ice after they've been hit.

"Brenna," he smiles. "Hey."

"What are you doing here?" I hold the door open, allowing him to enter. The rain is coming down hard, just like I assumed it would. As strange as it is to see him here, I don't want him getting soaking wet. He steps inside and removes his hood, shaking droplets from his unruly hair. A few droplets hit my face and I wipe them away.

"Nick invited me," he replies, glancing around the entryway. "We work together at Sport Chek. He tossed me an invitation after his shift was done. I, uh, hope it's okay I came over."

I blink a few times. My first instinct is to tell him to leave. But that's my inner hockey player reacting. Jayden isn't a bad kid. In fact, he's one of the nicer ones on Kelowna's team. It would be rude of me to judge him based on our time on the ice. Or the fact he's friends with Shea.

I'm hoping Nick isn't a bad judge of character.

"Yeah," I reply. "Sure."

His gaze lingers on my face for several seconds before he looks away, his cheeks turning pink. He unzips his leather jacket—the kind with the removable hoodie.

"I can take your jacket," I reply, glancing up at him. He's an inch taller than me, broad and toned. Like most hockey players are. Butterflies are beating against the lining of my stomach, and I feel no shame. I'm allowed to think hockey guys are hot. It's not like I'll ever date one. Aside from a handful of guys on my team, hockey players enjoy flexing their high power. They take pride in adding notches to their bedposts.

He shrugs his jacket off, revealing a tight-fitted long-sleeve black shirt. It hugs his body well, only adding to his charm. I take the jacket from him and hang it up while he unlaces his running shoes. Unlike Hunter, I don't need to organize the shoes or clean up a pitiful mess. Jayden moves his shoes onto the waterproof mat where everyone else's are. When he's standing upright, he glances around the entryway again. "You've got a really nice place."

My mouth pulls into a smirk. He's being presumptive—he's only seen the entryway. "Well, we'll see if that's what you think after you've seen the rest of the house. Follow me."

I lead Jayden down the hallway, aware of the awkward tension between us. It would be a lie to say the rivalry between Shea and I hasn't bled into other players. Our hatred has caused an even more defined rift between Kelowna and West Kelowna. It's why Jayden and I aren't sure how to act around each other.

"So, uh," Jayden says. I turn to the left. Cutting through the kitchen is a faster way to get to the living room, where everyone is gathered. I hear a bowling ball hitting pins, which is followed by an eruption of cheers. They're playing bowling on the Wii. We'd been planning on watching a movie on Netflix, but that didn't work out. "I heard you guys won against Summerland's team."

"Yeah," I reply. When my eye catches the cans of pop on the counter, I stop and turn to Jayden. I may as well play delightful hostess. "Do you want anything to drink?" I gesture to the counter. "We've got cream soda, sparkling water, and iced tea." There's also a bottle of vodka next to the sparkling water. It doesn't take a genius to realize the guys have been spiking their drinks.

Jayden chuckles, picking up the bottle of vodka. He gives it a shake and cocks a brow at me. "Getting rowdy tonight?"

"Nah," I snort, crossing my arms. I'm aware of every move I make. Of placing my hands and the colour of my hair. My senses are hyperaware. "At least, I'm not. Alcohol isn't my favourite."



"Yeah," Jayden sighs, setting the bottle down, "same here. I also have to drive back to Kelowna. I'll pass on the alcohol. A water would be nice, though."

I busy myself with Jayden's water, grabbing a glass from the cupboard and filling it with water from the pitcher. I filled it earlier for the guys, but they haven't touched it. All the ice has melted. "Do you want ice?" I ask.

"No, thanks."

I hand him the water, and he takes a sip. Before he can thank me for it, I jerk my thumb over my shoulder. "Nick and the rest of the guys are in the living room. They're glued to the Wii. It will not be much of a party."

Jayden shrugs. "That's okay."

As we enter the living room, Hunter lifts his arms in victory as the animated bowling pins fall, Wii remote in hand. He turns to Drew and Nick, flipping them the bird. "I'd like to see you top that," he gloats. He stumbles a little, making me wonder how much he's had to drink. "

Evren laughs, picking at the bowl of ketchup chips. "Someone take his alcohol away before he cracks his head open on the coffee table."

A round of laughter echoes through the living room. Hunter stoops down to pick up his drink, toasting to the proclamation Evren's made. It gives Nick just enough visibility to see Jayden and I.

Nick stands up and pushes past Hunter. "Jayden, man! You made it." They exchange the typical bro hug. Somehow, Jayden doesn't spill his water on the hardwood.

To the left of the hug, Hunter and Drew exchange a weary glance, despite their alcohol consumption levels. Teammates from opposing teams getting along isn't common.

"Thanks for inviting me," Jayden continues. "It's nice to get away from Connor and his shit. I invited KJ to come along, but he declined. I think he's hanging out with Shea tonight."

Panic builds up inside of me, while the mention of Smith's name pisses me off. This is how parties get out of hand. One person tells another, and before you know it, there's a rager going on. I can't allow that to happen. This night was also supposed to get my mind off of anything related to Smith. I have to deal with him enough. "You didn't tell anyone else, did you?" I ask. "There's a limit on how many people can be in my house."

Catina, who has forgotten about her phone, joins me at my side as she sets her drink down on the coffee table. Without a coaster beneath. I exhale deeply, knowing she'll tease me if I do or say anything. Wrapping her arm around my shoulders, I can't miss the aroma of alcohol on her breath. Or her cotton-candy scented perfume. At least, that's what it smells like to me. It's sickeningly sweet. "She's joking, Jayden. Don't look so concerned." She glances at me, a menacing smile on her face. "You are joking, right, Brenna?"

Without are "No," I reply, shrugging her off. "I don't want a large group of people here." I glance around the group. Having one extra person will not bother Mom. But it bothers me—even if Jayden is nice to look at. I must text Mom when I get a chance. Giving Jayden a polite smile, I say, "It's fine, you're here. Just... Just don't invite anyone else without consulting me first, okay?" I pierce Nick with my gaze when I say that. He curls away from me, looking terrified.

He should be.

I'm going to kick his ass at practice on Monday.

Catina snorts and takes Jayden's arm, guiding him to the couch. Evren scoots over, providing room for the two of them to sit down. "It's your turn, Brenna," she says. She's practically sitting on Jayden's lap. He looks uncomfortable, but it's not my place to tell Cat what to do. Although she can overwhelm when she flirts, she has nothing but good intentions.



Sighing, I swipe my remote from the coffee table and take my turn. Just like Hunter did, I score a strike. My name is still on top of the leaderboard which makes Nick and Hunter huff in frustration. Drew's up next, so when he stands, I steal his spot next to Hunter. Although we're teammates, we're super competitive with video games and board games. They're frustrated with me winning, and I guarantee Nick has gone to the kitchen to grab another drink. He needs to drown away his sorrows somehow.

Hunter nudges me. "Sorry about Nick inviting Jayden. He'd been talking about it, but I didn't think he was going to go through with it."

I flash my friend a weak smile. "It's okay. Jayden's not so bad. I... I just don't want Smith and the rest of the gang thinking they're invited." Honestly, Jones showing up wouldn't have been too bad. I could've handled him and Jayden. Smith, Connor, and the rest of the team, though? No fucking way. If there's one person I hate more than Smith, it's Connor Watt. He's the epitome of a dickhead.

Hunter chuckles, looping his arm around my shoulders. He pulls me against his body, and I'm overwhelmed with the smell of his cologne. It's something musky with a hint of orange and cedar. "I doubt he'll show up. That kid hates you."

I pick at the chipped nail polish on my fingernails, suppressing a sigh. This sudden feeling of dread in my heart. It's a mystery why Smith hates me—one I fear I'll never be able to solve.

"Hey," Hunter continues. "What's up?"

"Do you remember when Shea and I were friends?" It's strange to taste his name on my tongue, but I can't call the young version of him anything else. When we were friends, Shea was Shea. Not Smith.

"Of course," Hunter smiles, rubbing his chin. "The three of us used to play hockey together, remember? I hung out with him, too."

I tilt my head back and stare at the ceiling, stretching my neck out. I'm getting antsy. I should be at the gym right now, doing my usual workout. It's agonizing to go off-schedule.

Hunter rests his hand on my knee, holding it still. "Relax, Bren," he murmurs. His breath smells faintly of stale alcohol. He's tipsy, but not overly drunk, so I can still take him seriously. I become very intolerant with people who turn into drunken fools. "Shea's pissy attitude is his problem. Not yours. I'm sorry, though, Bren. I know how close you guys were. For what it's worth, he doesn't deserve to have you in his life."

I know Hunter's right. Having Shea confess the reasoning behind his hatred would put me at ease, though. It would explain the constant tension between us. Before things went downhill, I had a thing for him. It was a silly elementary school crush, but a crush. I loosen a tired chuckle and give Hunter a shove. "I can always count on you to make me see reason." His head flops forward and I push it back with my head. He laughs, swatting my hand away. "Even when you're shit-faced."

Hunter's glassy eyes meet mine. "For one thing," he states, holding up a finger. "I'm not shit-faced. Drunk, yes. Shit-faced? No, ma'am."

Snorting, I glance at the rest of the gang. Nick has returned, and they're enjoying their drinks and snacking on different flavours of chips. There are a few slices of ham and pineapple pizza left, too. Jayden reaches out to grab one. "God," he groans after a bite. "I'm glad you guys aren't heathens who think pineapple doesn't belong on pizza." He chews thoughtfully for a moment. "Connor and the rest of the guys hate pineapple on pizza."

"Figures," Drew snorts, grabbing the other piece. My stomach grumbles. Damn. I wanted that piece. Good thing there are still some ketchup chips left. Leaning forward, I grab a handful.

"Watt is a douchebag," Drew continues. "I want to clobber that kid every time I see his cocky smirk."

Jayden rolls his eyes. "Try being on the same team as him. He's always fighting Shea for top position. I don't think Connor realizes he's a bigger asshole than Shea."

Evren raises her eyebrows in surprise. "You think your own teammate is a jerk?"

Evren's not familiar with the ideology of hockey. She thinks everyone on a team can get along and have no residual effects on each other. Boy, is she wrong. There are a few guys on my team I clash with.

"It's complicated," Jayden sighs. "Shea is a good person, but he needs to be a better person. He chooses not to try. He's a great captain, but yeah, he's a jerk." He shoots an apologetic look my way. "He's a nice person beneath his ignorant vibe, but it's easy to tell when he's faking it."

faking I have to agree with Jayden. Although Shea's brain is primitive in the gender equality category, he's a great leader on the ice. I've heard him talk up his team and bring them back to the game. He sets a prime example of what a captain should do. Despite his sour attitude toward me.

Still, something seems off with Jayden's wording.

"I can handle it," I shrug, ignoring the nagging feeling.

Just then Catina comes stumbling back into the room. I didn't know she'd left.

"Hey!" she says, joining Hunter and I on the couch. She's sitting on my lap, reeking of alcohol and something sweet. I hope she hasn't been mixing cream soda and vodka. She's going to have a killer hangover tomorrow if she is.

Something cold seeps through my jeans. When I look down, I see the remnants of something foamy and sticky. I mentally curse, glancing at the drink in her hand. She has a red Solo cup full of something. Her cut-off time is on the horizon.

She plants a kiss on my cheek. It's sloppy and sticky, but it makes me laugh. Whenever Cat gets drunk, she becomes overly lovey and touchy. Her drunken behaviour amuses me. I kiss her cheek, too, laughing. "What? What is it?"

"Did Jayden tell you about the party KSS is having? He invited us, saying we should come!"

Puzzled, Hunter frowns. "Cat, you already go to KSS."

"Oh, yeah," she giggles. "I guess I do." Her head lolls to the side as she looks at Evren. "Evren doesn't, though!"

"Nor do the rest of us," Drew mutters, tugging at his lavish locks. The kid could do a commercial for a hair product. His flow is flawless, blonde with golden highlights. I'm envious of his hair. But not as envious as he is of Cat sitting on my lap. He takes a long sip of his drink, only to realize it's empty. "Damn it," he mutters, getting to his feet. "Anyone else want a drink?"

Hunter, Evren, and Nick all agree. As soon as Drew is gone, Jayden asks, "What do you think? Do you guys want to come? I can give you the details."

"Yes!" Cat exclaims. "We'll go, right?"

The others nod in agreement. I stay silent. Little do they know, Smith invited me to the same party last Sunday. A party I refuse to go to. I can tolerate my friends being drunk and acting goofy. What I can't tolerate is obnoxious boys and idiotic behaviour. I can only imagine how the Kelowna team acts when they're drunk. Besides, I have better things to worry about than parties.

I glance at my Apple Watch, noting not all of my rings have been closed for today. How am I supposed to keep my game on point if I'm not committed to a schedule?

When I glance at Hunter, I notice he's already looking at me. His hand is still on my knee, keeping it steady even though all I want to do is bounce it up and down. Hunter flashes me a sympathetic smile, but it makes me feel sick to my stomach. I need to prove a point in men's hockey; that women are just as capable as men. Sitting around at a party isn't going to do that. Yes, it's been fun to spend time with my friends. But two days in a row? No way.

He raises his eyebrows, silently asking me about the party.

I avert my gaze and shake my head, feeling disappointed in more ways than one.





13




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Shea

Shea If Chelsea wanted to play hockey with the boys, would you crush her dreams and say she's not allowed?

If Chelsea wanted to play hockey with the boys, would you crush her dreams and say she's not allowed? "Are you going to a party?" Chelsea asks, tugging my sweater.

My sister's voice grants me freedom from Harrison's voice. Ironic, considering they're tied together in unholy concord. Chelsea's big hazel eyes meet mine. A rush of guilt invades my body, and I have to look away. I hate to admit it, but Harrison made a valid point. If Chelsea asked me to sign her up for the boys' hockey, I wouldn't say no. It would give her a chance to develop her skills via access to more training camps, tournaments, and better funding overall. I couldn't imagine limiting my sister's passion. Especially after all this shit with our parents.

From this positioning, I can understand why Harrison took the leap.

It also makes me realize how much of an asshole I am. I rub my forehead with the heel of my hand and sigh. Manon Rhéaume broke the ice for women playing hockey at the NHL level back in 1992. By playing an exhibition game with the Tampa Bay Lightning against the St. Louis Blues, Rhéaume still stands as the only woman to have played in the NHL. Hilary Knight, Amanda Kessel, and Meghan Duggan showed their skills at the 2018 Honda NHL All-Star Weekend. Knight posted a time in accuracy shooting that challenged most men.

What makes Harrison any different?

My petty behaviour.

My petty behaviour. "Yeah," I reply, ignoring my logical side. I'll deal with this shit later. Right now, I need to convince Chelsea this party is nothing. "I am."

"Can I come?" she frowns.

I scoop my sister up into my arms. Ten days have passed since Harrison hit me. My shoulder has healed, but I'm still facing aftershocks of the concussion. I'm expecting to be back on the ice by Wednesday. Just in time for one early morning practice before my first game back. But, just like with my shoulder, I'll see how I'm feeling that day. I can't risk damage that will permanently sideline me. "No," I reply, resting my forehead against hers. Her innocent hazel eyes bore into mine. "Noah's coming over to hang with you while I'm gone. I heard he's bringing a treat."

Chelsea pulls back, staring at me as if my words are bullshit. Noah is coming over. Not to hang out, but to babysit. He's also bringing some leftover muffins from today's run at the café. So my words are only partial bullshit. Chels can tell I'm lying, though. She crosses her arms, frowning. "I want to come to a party. Noah doesn't need to babysit me anymore."

is "Trust me, kid," I say, ruffling her hair. She swats my hand away. "You don't want to come." She's n ever attending a party. Not until she's old enough I can enrol her in a self-defence class and give her the tools she needs to kick a grown man's ass. Until she can have KJ and I pinned down to the ground and begging for mercy, I'm going to act like that overprotective older brother. "There are idiots there who drink and smoke and make bad decisions."

ever

That's also a partial lie. Although movies and TV shows apply this cliché status to bush parties, they're far from that. Yeah, there are people who drink and smoke and do stupid shit, but they're only a handful of the population. The rest of us like to socialize and mingle with our friends and fellow peers. These parties are cheap and low-key.

Chelsea wrinkles her nose. "Ew."

"Ew," I echo, setting her down. "Noah's going to be here soon. Have you done your homework yet?"

Chelsea juts out her bottom lip. "Why does Noah have to come here when Mom's home?" she whines.

I don't comment on her changing the subject. It's impossible to force her to complete her homework. We've had this argument one too many times. If that's the way she wants to roll, then she needs to learn the hard way. If you don't do your homework and make sure you understand the concept, you will not do well. Besides, making sure she does her homework isn't my responsibility. I have my own grades and schedule I need to uphold.

"Because Mom's boring," I joke, making light of the underlying issues. Chelsea's smart enough to know something's off within Mom and Dad's relationship. What she's still too young to understand is why I've asked Noah for aid. When Dad gets home and the argument erupts between them, I want Noah to get Chels out of this house. Or, preferably, I want Noah to act as a buffer. When people are around, my parents refuse to cause a scene. "Now go work on your homework." I glance down at my joggers and loose-fitting T-shirt, wishing I could stay back and lounge on the couch. "I'll be right back."

Chelsea stomps out of the room, mumbling about her hatred for homework. I linger in the kitchen, listening for the rustle of loose leaf paper and the clattering of pencils. When I hear those noises, I smile to myself and head upstairs to my room. From my closet, I grab a pair of jeans and a crew neck sweatshirt, and then head to the bathroom. With the door locked, I change quickly, wondering what shit I must deal with tonight. No doubt I'm going to get an earful about the bet. The best effort I've put in so far is inviting Harrison to the party tonight. And... well... we know how that played out.

Why did I have to open my mouth? Why do my emotions have to be driven by pettiness?

Thinking of Harrison brings back a memory I want to forget.

If Chelsea wanted to play hockey with the boys, would you crush her dreams and say she's not allowed?

If Chelsea wanted to play hockey with the boys, would you crush her dreams and say she's not allowed? Frustrated, I turn on the tap and splash cold water against my face, staring at my reflection in the mirror and watching the droplets streak down my face. My chest is tight with shame. I base every word that has come out of my mouth on my jealousy. My petty grudge. Harrison is an amazing hockey player. She has this phenomenal advantage of being able to predict how the play is going to turn out before someone starts it. She's always in the right spot, ready to block a shot or receive a pass.

This battle between Harrison and I... it's a battle between me and my self-confidence—something that depends on the approval of my dad. A cycle that continues to persist, even though I know Dad will never give me what I strive for.

It's because of that I say shit I don't mean. Yeah, I'm pissed she gets to play hockey with us. If we switched our roles, there's no way they'd let a man play on the women's team. No way in hell. But I can understand why she's done it. Not having the funding and structure male hockey does would kill me. Not being able to develop my skills to their full potential? That would destroy me.

destroy She found a way around the limitations the girls' league was causing. The only one brave enough to take a stand to inequality—something I wish Chelsea will never have to battle.



Harrison was right.

I'm a fucking hypocrite.

If Chelsea asked me to put her in the boys' league, I'd do it without a second thought.

I rest my elbows on the counter and drop my face into my hands, groaning. I'm a petty son of a bitch. Petty as fuck. Why do I allow Dad to crawl under my skin and goad me? Why do I seek his approval? Why do I allow him to dictate how I act?

I've spent years hating Harrison's guts, believing she doesn't deserve to play in the boys' league. How am I supposed to condition myself to believe otherwise? I'm jealous of how she plays. Of the achievements she's made. Everyone knows her name. Whenever you mention Harrison, her face will pop into your mind. The girl who plays hockey .

The girl who plays hockey I splash water on my face again. The picture on Brenna's wall is also haunting me. Why does she have it? I thought she hated me. If she still has that photo... Fuck. Why does she have it?

Shutting off the tap, I grab a towel and pat my face dry. I toss the towel onto the counter when I'm finished. KJ is going to be here soon. I need to get my head out of the gutter. Just like KJ needs to stop driving me everywhere. There's no logic in me driving to West Kelowna, picking him up, and then driving back into Kelowna, though. At least I'm on his way. Besides, I make up for his gas money when we're on road trips; dinner is always on me.

From the foot of my bed, I collect my phone and jacket. We're a week-and-a-half away from Halloween, and the forecast is calling for snow in the mountains. I pull the jacket on as I'm heading down the stairs, slipping my phone in the back pocket of my jeans. KJ isn't much of a partier—unless it's New Year's Eve—so I don't think we'll be gone long, which is what I tell Chelsea when I enter the living room.

"Before ten?" she asks.

I glance at my watch, sucking on my teeth. That's cutting it a little early. We won't be out past midnight. "More like eleven-thirty," I reply. "You'll be asleep when I get home. Right?"

It's a jab at her. Chelsea is a nightmare with bedtime. "Fine," she mumbles, crossing her arms. "Noah's here."

"What?" I blink.

"He's in the kitchen."

That's the last thing Chelsea says to me before she bounds back over to the coffee table. She sits down on the couch and leans over, picking up a pencil and scribbling down a few notes from her open textbook. Satisfied, I head into the kitchen.

Noah's already helped himself to the lasagna Mom made for dinner; I catch him closing the door to the microwave just as I step inside. On the counter, there's a small white box with the café's emblem on it. I lean against the doorway, crossing my arms. "Make yourself at home," I joke.

Noah turns around, grinning. "Food is the proper payment for babysitting." He rubs his flat stomach. "I'm starving. Work was hellish today. It was just me handling the lunch rush. You now how that goes. It was too busy for me to stop and eat before class."

I rub the back of my neck, feeling sorry for Noah. The lunch rush is insane. I've handled it alone several times. Each time, I've wanted to throw myself off a cliff by the end. "I thought Dale was supposed to help."

"He was," Noah shrugs, pushing back a lock of black hair. "Didn't show up. If Mom hadn't of been there, I'd have missed my biology class."

"You could've called me," I reply. "I had the day off."

Noah snorts. "For good reason, kid. You're looking haggard."

"Are you sure you don't mind?" I ask, eyeing the box of muffins. I'm tempted to grab one before I go.



The microwave beeps.

"Kid," Noah repeats, turning around. "You need a break." The plate is hot, causing Noah to curse and set it down quickly on the stove. He turns to me. "Got any parmesan cheese?"

Pushing away from the wall, I head over to the fridge and rummage around until I find it. There isn't much left—I make a mental note to add it to our grocery list—but it doesn't bother Noah. He thanks me and sprinkles a bit atop the browned cheese.

We spend several seconds in silence, which only gives room for guilt to claw at my throat. I'm taking away Noah's chance at living the post-secondary life. He should be out with his friends. "Look," I say, "I don't have to go. This is unfair. I'm asking you too much."

Noah rests his hand on my shoulder, squeezing it. "Shea. Quit it. I'd rather spend time with my cousins than hang out with college kids. Trust me, the parties aren't all they're cracked up to be. Not worth my time." He glances around the kitchen and lowers his voice. "Besides, all hell will break loose if someone isn't here. Chelsea doesn't deserve that."

I could kiss my cousin. But that would be way too fucking weird. "Thanks, man."

Noah snorts softly as he shoves a forkful of lasagna into his mouth. He nods at the front door. There's a smudge of tomato sauce on the corner of his mouth. "Get going. That kid is here."

A small smile curves my lips. "If KJ were here, he'd kick your ass. He hates being called 'that kid.'"

He cocks a brow. "Why do you think I do it?"

I turn around, rolling my eyes. "I'll let you know when we're on our way back." I exit the kitchen, heading for the front door. Through the warped glass, I can see the taillights of KJ's truck.

"Don't get arrested!" Noah calls.

I snort to myself, adjusting the collar of my jacket as I push the door open. Cops crash these parties all the time, but they arrest no one unless they refuse to vacate the premises. I'd be happy if the cops were already there, forcing kids to go home. It would prevent me from facing my teammates.

Closing the door behind me, I head down the pathway to the end of the driveway. A thick layer of cloud cover conceals any stars, and the air smells musky. The rain will hit soon and, up in the mountains, snow will fall. I'm thankful I grabbed my jacket.

When I open the passenger door, KJ welcomes me with a grin. "Shit, man," he says. "I'm still not used to seeing you without the sling. Glad you've finally gotten rid of it. You were smart to keep it on a few extra days."

"I agree." After the door is closed and I've buckled in, I inspect my shoulder. It feels weaker than it did before. However, I can manoeuvre it with no pain. "Those guys who fight through the pain are idiots. If you don't stop and heal, you're going to inflict irreparable damage upon yourself."

"Makes sense," KJ replies, pulling out of my driveway. "It would explain why Watt is such a meathead."

I snort, pressing my forehead against the cold window. Can't argue with that one.

Can't argue with that one. Tonight's party is on Little White Forest Service Road, just past the Angel Springs Trailhead. The turnoff is about twenty minutes away from my place; we wind through several neighbourhoods before the landscape becomes more rural. Neighbourhoods turn into ranches settled on acres of land, and the light pollution dwindles. When KJ turns right off of June Springs Road and onto the service road, he shifts into four-wheel drive and gives the truck more gas. The terrain is rough, causing the interior of the truck to shake so much it drowns out the alternative music blasting through the speakers. We've still got about ten minutes to go before we arrive. Hopefully, I don't have a headache by the time we're there.



"I hate this road," KJ mutters. "It's just like Bear Main Logging Road on the Westside. My tires are taking a beating. Mom and I go up there with a few of my cousins when we dirt bike. The forestry companies are shit at taking care of the road."

The mention of dirt bikes never ceases to amaze me. I'd never get on one of those things. They're a disaster waiting to happen. I'll never understand why KJ hops on those killer machines and risks his life. That being said, his mom is fucking cool. Whenever she has time off work, she loads up the dirt bikes and takes KJ to the Upper Pits for the day. Sometimes, KJ's dad will even join in.

It surprises me how well his parents have handled their divorce. He was nine when it happened, but neither parent pushed him to go back and forth between houses. They let him choose. In the end, KJ stayed with his mom and sometimes spends weekends with his dad. His parents are still friends. I wonder what it's like to have parents that can co-exist.

A thought occurs to me.

"Why did you use your mom's address for school and your dad's for hockey?" I frown. Until now, the question never occurred to me.

KJ's mouth curves into a smile. "I prefer Boucherie over KSS—do you know how much the college students hate high school kids overtaking their cafeteria? Jokes aside, the Westside has always been my home. As for hockey... I wanted to stay on your team. You moved to Kelowna, and I saw an opportunity."

KJ ends that sentence on a note that makes me suspicious, but I don't question him. I snort, amused he's calling me a kid when we're the same age. "You're a suck," I reply. Though, his comment strikes a chord. KJ is loyal to a fault. I appreciate that. "But thanks for sticking with me."

KJ punches me in the arm. "We're the McDavid and Draisaitl of our team, bro. Without us, they'd be nothing."

I can't argue with him there. When KJ entered the locker room, I was ecstatic to have him on my team. He eased the tension of being the new kid, despite years of playing against Jayden, Connor, and the rest of the team.

"I'm obviously McDavid, though," KJ continues. "I can skate circles around you."

His comment about McDavid makes me think about Harrison. To be specific, the opening game of the season. It appears I'm a professional at contradicting myself. Although jealousy dictated my comments that night, I complimented her at the same time. What player doesn't want to be compared to Connor McDavid? He's phenomenal.

If Chelsea wanted to play hockey with the boys, would you crush her dreams and say she's not allowed?

If Chelsea wanted to play hockey with the boys, would you crush her dreams and say she's not allowed? I shove the unwanted thought away. Stupid Harrison. Why did she have to make a point? A point that is detrimental to how I want to feel. To how I want to view her. Goddamn her.

want want Wrinkling my nose, I say, "Why can't we be a different duo? I hate the Oilers. Besides, you're a Habs fan. Can't we be Gallagher and someone else?"

"Right," KJ replies, rolling his eyes. "You're a Canucks fan. A stubborn bastard who can't appreciate good duos when he sees them."

"Damn straight," I mutter, despite not having anything against McDavid.

I don't dare talk smack about the Habs. KJ can dish the smack talk regarding favourite hockey teams, but he can't take it. He'll construct an argument about why they're the best team in the league. About why I'm cheering for the wrong team.

We come around the final corner, our headlights focusing on the party before us. The logging road is lined with different vehicles. Ahead, we can see the smoke and glow of the bonfire. When KJ turns the music down and pulls into a parking spot, the noise pollution is intense. I suppress a groan, wishing I could go home and watch a hockey game.



KJ kills the engine and hides the keys in the console. "Quit complaining, bro. We're not staying long. Maybe a few hours. Smile. It'll help."

I paste on a sardonic grin. "Better?"

He exaggerates a flinch. "You look like you're about to murder someone."

Unbuckling my seat belt, I say, "Well, the night's still young, Jones. Let's see where it goes."

"That doesn't concern me," KJ mutters.

doesn't I chuckle under my breath. "I'm kidding around, KJ. Get that stick out of your ass."

He doesn't believe me—I can tell that much.

I slam the passenger door, shaking my head as I view the gong show before me.

God, I can't wait until I'm out of here.

God, I can't wait until I'm out of here. If it ever happens, that is.

If it ever happens, that is. * * *

There's nothing wrong with having one drink. Ever since we arrived, I've been nursing a bottle of beer. Every time I take a sip, I feel like throwing up. It's not sitting well with me tonight. I'm not sure why, and I'm tempted to toss it in the fire. If I do, however, someone's going to shove another drink in my hand. Which is something I don't want.

I'd rather be anywhere but here.

Especially now that Harrison, Tucker, Wright, Charette, and Catina Torsney have arrived. After our conversation, I didn't think Harrison was going to show up. She's been here for a few hours, mingling with the members of her team. She's exchanged a few words with Jayden and KJ, too. One thing I've noticed is how uncomfortable she looks. The girl can't sit still. She's always shifting her weight between her feet. Her eyes flick back and forth. I run a hand through my hair, wondering what her problem is.

I wish she wasn't here.

If the guys weren't pestering me enough before, then they sure as hell are now.

Brody nudges me in the ribs, jerking his head in Harrison's direction. "Have seen little action tonight."

I grunt, taking a sip of beer. It's warm and almost makes me gag. The alcohol isn't hitting right tonight. "I'm planning. Harrison isn't an easy person to deal with."

Brody snorts and nudges me again, practically pushing me over. The kid is shit-faced already, and he smells like a distillery that brews beer and cologne. "Yeah," he slurs. "You're fucking stupid, bro. Good luck." He climbs to his feet and stumbles in the opposite direction.

"Thank God," I mutter.

Glancing around the bonfire, I dump the rest of my drink out and toss it into a blue recycling bag. The guys make fun of the environmental students who distribute these bags, but I appreciate the effort. When someone's willing to clean up a mess they didn't create, you should put in the effort to lessen the mess.

I rest my elbows on my knees and lean forward, rubbing my temples. KJ said as soon as it started raining, we'd book it. However, the weather has been stubborn; the clouds linger above, leaving us guessing. I hope Noah isn't too annoyed with having to babysit Chels. Whenever I go to parties, I feel like I'm taking advantage of him. No matter how many times he insists I need to live the life of a teenager.

"Is this typical for you?" she asks. "Looking like a loner beside the bonfire?"

I straighten my posture and look up, meeting her bluish-violet eyes. She's dressed in tight skinny jeans and an eggplant-purple rain jacket. Her hair is tied up in a bun, showing the perfect blend of her brown-to-blonde hair. I've never understood why she goes with the ombre trend, but it looks good on her.



I don't have the energy to fuel an argument, so I nod along. "Parties aren't my thing." I gesture to the space beside me. Sitting on a log isn't comfortable, but it's better than standing and being forced to mingle. If she desires isolation like I do, she's welcome here. "Want to sit?"

Harrison is surprised by my invitation, but she nods and takes the seat. As she sits down, I catch a hint of lavender. "I wasn't going to show up," she says, staring at the fire. The shadow of flames flicker across her face as she speaks. "Hunter made me tag along, so don't flatter yourself, Smith." She glances at the group. They're by the fence. Jayden, Tucker, KJ, and the rest of Harrison's friends are there, mingling and laughing. "Jayden and Nick work together. He invited us."

Ah.

Ah. Now it makes sense why Boucherie students are at a Kelowna Secondary School party. Jayden's also a social butterfly. He has this unnatural talent of making everyone feel like they belong. It doesn't surprise me he invited them. "So, how come you're not over there?" I ask. "It looks like they're having a good time."

"They are," she sighs. "I'd rather be doing something productive, though."

I snort. Harrison's always been stellar with completing homework before it's due. She used to tease me about my late assignments when we were kids. "Come on, Harriso—Brenna. I don't think one late assignment will destroy your chances of getting into college."

She shifts uncomfortably, her knee bouncing up and down. A crease forms between my brows. Does she not have the ability to relax? I knock my knee against hers. "Calm down," I say, keeping my tone light. "I was only joking. There's nothing wrong with getting your homework done early."

Brenna sighs. "I missed out on the gym tonight."

Although it's impolite to stare, my gaze rakes over her body. If anyone says Brenna Harrison is out of shape, they need to get their eyes checked. She's nothing but sinew and angles. Combine that with the curve of her hips? Yeah, even I have to admit she's stunning.

Still, I don't understand why missing the gym is such a terrible thing. The human body can only take so much. Rest is needed—even if you don't want it. "So?" I ask. "It's good to take a break every once in a while."

Her sharp gaze connects with mine. "What do you even care?" she sneers. "You hate me."

I frown at her outburst. Christ. All I did was comment. I don't think I said anything rude. Human bodies need a break from physical activity—we're not bionic! The next comment that comes out of my mouth isn't related to her outburst, though. "The only reason we hate you is because you kick our asses."

Brenna snorts. "Like I'm going to believe that . Maybe for assholes like Connor and guys like Jayden and KJ, but not you. You're something special, Smith. Why do you hate me?"

that you Resting my elbows on my knees, I stare into the bonfire in front of us, breathing in the hint of smoke and stale alcohol. With Connor and the rest of the guys watching, I need to try. They're all listening and watching, waiting for me to slip. If being honest with Harrison can gain me some brownie points, then so be it. I need the money for post-secondary school. I need those assholes off my back. "Do you remember the training camp we went to? The one in Penticton?"

Harrison frowns as she combs through her memories. "Yeah," she replies, the frown fading. "I do. That was years ago. Why are you bringing that up?"

My hand itches for a beer. Admitting my reasoning behind being against her playing hockey with the boys is embarrassing. It's petty as fuck. "After the camp was over, my dad made some comments about you being better than me. He degraded my game and made me feel small." I exhale, feeling a familiar pain in my chest. "He said... He said you were a better player than me, and that it was shameful to let a girl win." I pick at my cuticles. "I've never gotten a genuine compliment from him."



It feels good to get that off my chest. KJ and Noah know of my insecurities, but no one else.

She stays silent for several seconds. "While I'm sorry your dad is a total asshole, that doesn't give you a right to treat me like crap. You are aware society wants you to think women are of lesser value, right? My intention was never to embarrass you or any of the boys. I just wanted to play hockey like you and Jones."

wants Her words from last week play over in my head, and I have to look away. Why do I impose such derogatory standards on Brenna when I'd rip someone's throat out if they ever disrespected my sister? I'm realizing how terrible it makes me look. I don't want to be an asshole like my father—I want to be an entirely different person. People can say I look like him, but I don't want them to say I'm anything like him personality-wise.

"I'm aware," I sigh. "I'm—"

Our conversation is interrupted by a broad figure.

It's Connor.

He sits down next to Brenna, sidling up nice and close to her. He even has the audacity to fling an arm around her shoulders. "Well, well," he grins, ruffling her hair. "It looks like Harrison isn't such a stick in the mud after all. Fancy seeing you here, sweetheart."

Brenna's body stiffens, and she scoots over until her side is pressed against mine. She's so close I can feel the heat of her body through my jacket. I can smell the potent scent of lavender. It's intoxicating.

Connor's arm falls from her shoulders. She wants as much space between her and Connor as possible. I can't blame her. Connor scares me. I'll never admit that aloud. I've seen him take on men twice his size and face the wrath of his temper. If things don't go his way, he'll fuck you up. Aside from the money, I also didn't want to end up in the hospital. That's partially why I agreed to the bet.

"I don't recall inviting you into this conversation," Brenna says. She's leaning away from Connor, pressing her body against mine. I rest my hand behind her, halfway down the wooden log we're sitting on. With the positioning of my hand, my forearm is pressing against her lower back.

Connor tosses back a sip of his beer, his dull green eyes swimming as he glares at her. "I don't need an invitation from you, sweetheart." He reaches out and pinches her cheek.

My muscles tense.

Condescending fuck.

Condescending fuck. She jerks back, her hard body hitting my chest. My free hand flies to the log, steadying myself. "Knock it off, Watt," she snarls. "Don't make me kick your ass again."

A cocky smirk appears on his face. "That's right. You enjoy beating men up, don't you? Feminism, right?" He leans in closer, his breath reeking so badly of alcohol I can smell it. "Fair warning, sweetheart, if equality is what you want, I'll give you a fair fight."

He slides his hand across the space between them, reaching for her thigh. Anxiety is thick in my throat as I watch his hand inch closer and closer. What am I supposed to do? If I intervene...

If Chelsea wanted to play hockey with the boys, would you crush her dreams and say she's not allowed?

If Chelsea wanted to play hockey with the boys, would you crush her dreams and say she's not allowed? Brenna's words from earlier reverberate through my head, fuelling my next actions. If Chelsea were in Brenna's place, there's only one thing I would do.

"Connor!" I snap, swatting his hand away. "Leave her alone."

He glares at me. It make my gut feel uneasy. If we weren't enemies before, we sure as hell are now. He's part of the game and he wants to play with the pieces. He wants to taunt Brenna and make her squirm. With me shutting him down, he's losing out on the fun. At some point, he'll seek revenge.



I keep my gaze locked with his, refusing to look away. Thank God it's dark or else he'd be able to see the sweat forming on my brow or the way I'm chewing on my cheek. I'm hoping the fire doesn't provide too much light.

"Never thought I'd see the day," Connor chuckles. "Shea Smith, standing up for Brenna Harrison. You're losing your touch, kid. I thought punching Harrison would turn you into a man."

I cringe as though I've been slapped. Not because I'm offended by his comment. Although I apologized, I still don't like that I punched Brenna. Even if was accidental.

Brenna gets to her feet and shoves Connor backwards. Because he's drunk, he doesn't have time to react; he tumbles over the log, landing flat on his back. His half-empty beer goes flying, and he lands with an oomph . Laying amongst the dirt and shattered glass, he looks comical. I have to admit, I feel a rush of satisfaction seeing him like this. The asshole deserved it. I'm just sorry it wasn't me who shoved him.

oomph "Shea didn't mean to punch me you dimwit," Brenna says. Her voice is so calm it's scary. "He apologized, and we made amends. Stop trying to create drama."

When Connor realizes what's happened, his face changes from shocked to angry. I stand and grip Brenna's bicep. She could probably handle Connor, but the bastard is a cheater. He'll use her long hair to his advantage or something worse. Either way, he's going to retaliate. I glance around the bonfire, relieved to see Jayden and KJ heading over here. Tucker and the rest of Brenna's friends aren't far behind. Connor wouldn't dare pitch himself against a crowd.

"Is everything okay over here?" Jayden asks, exchanging a glance with me.

"Peachy," Brenna replies. "Just fucking peachy." She looks like she's about to spit in Connor's face.

"Fucking bitch," Connor spits, stumbling to his feet. He's bent over, gripping the log while dizziness caused by alcohol grips him. "I'm going to—"

"What?" KJ snorts. "Trip over the log and fall into the fire?" KJ steps over the log and locks his arm under Connor's shoulders. "Come on, man. Let's get you some water."

As KJ is turning away, he makes eye contact with me and shakes his head. I suppress an eye roll. He's not allowed to pin this incident on me. I did nothing. But that's a conversation we can have later.

"Bren?" Tucker asks. "Are you okay?" He reaches up to rest a hand on her shoulder.

Brenna swats his hand away. "I'm fine. Can we leave now? I didn't want to come to this stupid party." While trying to zip up her jacket, she mutters a string of profanity. Then, after every curse word in the book reaches my ears, she turns around and stomps toward the parking area.

The rest of us stare after her.

"Man," Jayden says once she's far away. "What the fuck did you do?"

"I did nothing!" I exclaim. "She sat down next to me, we talked, and then Connor showed up." KJ is still helping a stumbling Connor across the property, over to where our teammates are hanging out. My friend practically shoves Connor toward them, and then turns around, heading back to us. "That stupid fuck caused this mess."

"As if," Wright replies. "God knows how much you poke her. I'm surprised she didn't shove you into the dirt."

you I tug at my hair, feeling singled out. Okay, yeah, there's bad blood between Brenna and I. But tonight was going decent until Connor showed up. "Whatever, Wright," I reply. "You can shove that assumption up your ass and choke on it."

"Hey!" Charrette says, giving me a shove. "Don't speak to my teammate like that."

"Oh, for God's sake!" Catina exclaims, shoving Charrette and I apart. "There's too much testosterone at this party. Drew, Hunter, and Nick—let's go. The boss has spoken, and she wants to leave." She glances at Hunter. "Why you forced her to come is beyond me, so you're dealing with her during the drive home."

Tucker rolls his eyes, and it pisses me off. If Brenna didn't want to come, why bother making her? She wouldn't have missed anything by skipping. Parties are overrated.

The guys listen to Catina, which is a blessing. I'm tired of this shit. I want to go home. The only people who say proper goodbyes are Jayden and Wright. Jayden tells Wright he'll see him at work tomorrow.

After the West Kelowna boys have left, Jayden turns to me.

"You shouldn't be doing this to Brenna," Jayden spits. He pokes me in the chest. "She doesn't deserve it. And you know damn well. You're just too much of a wimp to stand up to Connor."

I grind my teeth. I fear Connor. But something else scares me even more. What I'm terrified of is being singled out amongst my teammates. If I stand up to him, the rest of the guys will ostracize me. They'll refuse to pass me the puck on the ice. They'll make sure I don't have a chance at the spotlight. I need the spotlight if I'm going to make it to Boston. "If you're so adamant about protecting Harrison, then why didn't you stand up to that fucker?" I demand. "You could've ended the bet yourself!"

Jayden's gaze flicks to the ground, ashamed.

"That's what I thought," I snort.

"You're going to regret hurting her," Jayden says.

"Why do you even care? You hardly know her!"

Jayden pressed his lips together and glances at the bonfire. It snaps and hisses as sparks fly up into the air. "She's a good person, Shea."

Before I can respond, KJ joins us. "Whatever the hell you did to Connor has him riled up. We need to leave before he loses control. Do you want a ride home, Jayden?"

"Nah," Jayden replies, glaring at me. "I'll clean up the mess."

He turns on his heel, stirring up a cloud of dust and residual ash as he leaves the bonfire area. I'm pissed at Jayden. I don't think he understands the precarious situation I'm in. I don't want to go through with this bet. But if Connor hears a word about me wanting to back out, he'll make sure my reputation is destroyed. And, after tonight's commotion, it wouldn't surprise me if he tried to bring down Brenna, too.

I turn away, shaking my head. I can blame whomever I please. In the end, it's my fault this bet was set in motion. My lips formed the word "yes." I shook Connor's hand.

"Let's go," I mutter, feeling nothing but disappointment.





14




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Shea

Shea Saturday's party was a disaster, and there are going to be ramifications at tonight's practice. Connor's pissed off. He'll try to drag me through the mud. I'm not sure how.

It scares me.

Text messages and complaints have ramped up, too. The boys are expecting more from me. Ever since the party, there have been earfuls about how long it's taking me to beckon Harrison.

School does nothing to prevent my mind from wandering, either. All throughout French, I'm judging myself and calculating my next move. Having a girlfriend has never been a concern of mine. High school romances are overrated. I want a stable career before I think about committing to half of a relationship. My plan is solid, but it also comes with calamities. I'm not in prime condition to flirt. Girls have expressed their interest in me before, but I've never given them a second thought. My life is too frazzled. All that matters is education, hockey, and Chelsea. Yet, here I am, trying to snag a girl who despises my guts while having no experience with flirting or dating.

Frustrated, I run a hand through my hair and saunter down the hallway. I wind through the crowd, avoiding the grade tens with every fibre of my being. Not because they're annoying, but because they're oblivious to their surroundings. Every time I move, my backpack bumps into someone else's body. I want to curse and tell them to stop crowding the hallway.

After five minutes of manoeuvring through a maze of bodies, I find myself in the cafeteria. I pause at the edge, scouting the area for KJ. It takes several seconds to find him. He's sitting on the far side, next to the exit to the smoke pit, with his own friends. The last thing I want to do is interrupt their conversation, so I decide to find Harrison instead. We've scheduled another session for our French project, but my parents need me to babysit that night. I don't plan on calling Noah for help again, either. I've already asked for too much from him. Either we need to reschedule or she needs to come to my place instead.

She's easy to find. Sitting with her usual group of friends, she's dressed in an army-green long-sleeve shirt and a pair of ripped overalls. White Adidas shoes peek out from beneath the table. Next to the white shoes is her backpack. Her long ombre hair is tied up in a messy bun.

Tucker makes a motion with his hands, which causes the rest of the table to laugh. A smile lights Brenna's face up, and it makes me wonder how she would've reacted had I been able to finish my sentence at the party. Before Connor interrupted us, I'd been prepared to tell her she was right. About Chelsea. I'd never prevent her from playing hockey or nurturing her skills. And no matter how many times I try to justify my rivalry with Brenna, I can't.

Acting the way I do around her... it's caused by my own insecurities. The realization makes me think of my parents. Their relationship is suffering from insecurities, and I hate having to deal with the residual emotions that follow. Making Brenna deal with mine makes me exactly like my parents. I don't want to be like them.



I run a hand through my hair, tugging at it.

I'm having an inner battle with myself. On one hand, I strive for Dad's approval. Despite the toxicity of our relationship, I want to hear him praise his only son. Brenna's skills fuel Dad's degrading comments. I know I'm the catalyst that ruined the friendship we had prior to hockey camp. I've embedded the idea that mistreating her is justifiable in my mind. I've conditioned myself to disregard her natural talent and disrespect her.

And you know what the worst part is?

I would never , in a million fucking years, treat my sister this way.

never Averting my gaze to the floor, I sigh.

Yeah, I'm an asshole.

Yeah, I'm an asshole. Adjusting my backpack, I walk down the wide steps to the lower area. I wind my way through the tables and benches, careful not to bump into anyone. The overcrowded area makes me feel claustrophobic. How is it the Westside only has one high school? There must be at least three thousand kids attending this school.

When I come to the edge of their table, positioning myself diagonal to Brenna, everyone goes silent and looks at me. Aside from Brenna and Evren, everyone looks disgusted by my presence. I'm not sure how I feel about that. Ella keeps her gaze locked on the half-eaten vegetarian sandwich. I avert my gaze from her. My connection with KJ doesn't help the awkward tension between us. The guys glare at me, their arms crossed and postures stiff. If they think I'm here to start a fight, they're wrong.

"Thought you'd be with Kaleb," Tucker drawls.

I glance at KJ, feeling out of place. He's laughing with his friends; friends I used to know before I moved to Kelowna. Although I don't miss Connor and the other guys, I miss Jayden. It'd be nice to have someone, aside from KJ, I can depend on. "KJ's a little preoccupied at the moment," I mutter. Brenna's still staring at me when I look at her. I jerk my thumb over my shoulder. "Can we talk for a second? It's about our French project."

A small crease forms between her brows as she nods. "Yeah, sure."

I take a step back, giving her room to swing her legs over the bench and stand up. While she's slipping her phone in her pocket, I glance around the area. There's nowhere private to talk unless we head downstairs. I doubt she wants to travel that far. The smoke pit is out of the question, too. Feeling defeated, I decide on the vending machines. They're about eight metres away and next to the hallway leading to the arts wing.

When we're at the vending machines, I lean up against one, subconsciously rubbing my shoulder. My injuries have healed, but the rubbing is a habit I developed while the sling was on. I force my hand down and cross my arms.

"What's going on?" Harrison— Brenna asks.

Brenna God, habits are hard to break.

God, habits are hard to break. "Next week," I start, "I have to babysit Chelsea. Is there any way we can reschedule? If that's not possible, could you come to my house?" I twist my lips to one side, waiting for an answer. I could bring Chelsea to Brenna's house. The only problem is Chelsea will feel out of place if I do. She'll hover by my side while we're working. If Brenna comes over to my house, at least Chelsea will leave us alone. She can watch a movie on the couch with Peaches.

Brenna yawns, rubbing her tired eyes. I scratch my jaw in thought, inhaling deeply. Does she ever relax? Does she know how to relax?

know "That's not a big deal," she replies. "I'll come over to your house."

I expel a deep breath. "Okay," I nod. "That's great. Thanks."

Brenna presses her lips into a flat line, nodding. Instead of feeling electric rivalry-induced tension between us, I feel awkward tension. What happened at the party on Saturday has shifted something between us. Being on the same side again was... was nice. Life is easier when you're not fighting.



"Do you really believe it was an accident?" I blurt.

She flicks her gaze up to mine, her bluish-violet eyes burning with emotion. She looks about as shocked as I feel. I didn't expect her to stand up for me. Especially against someone like Connor.

As quick as it appears, the shock disappears from her face. She replaces it with a semi-cocky grin. "I thought we already discussed this, Smith," she drawls. "Your question is making me reconsider."

I cross my arms again, my defensive shield chipping away as I relax my posture against the vending machine. "It was an accident. I... I just wasn't expecting you to have my back."

Brenna shrugs. "Connor's a dick. He needed to be put in his place."

"Yeah," I snort in agreement. "I'm just sad it wasn't me."

We chuckle for a few seconds before I sigh. "I'll let you get back to your friends." Only half the day has gone by and I'm already dragging my feet. The stress of tonight's practice is weighing on me. I don't want to deal with Connor and his games.

Adjusting my backpack, I turn around, ready to head down the hallway. I'll hide in the library's corner until the bell rings. That way, I can eat my lunch in peace and avoid any drama until tonight on the ice. I've also got some readings I need to skim through before Biology.

"Hey," Brenna says, grabbing my wrist.

Her touch sends a shock coursing through my veins, making me turn around so fast I almost stumble over my own feet. I glance down at her hand, my cheeks flushing as warmth seeps through my skin. There's an urge to tear my wrist from her grip. There's an urge to keep it there, her hand warm against my skin. "Yeah?" I ask, clearing my throat.

"I'm sorry about your dad," she continues. The smile on her face is soft. "The way he treats you isn't fair. You're an amazing hockey player." Her lips curve into a smile of disbelief as a small laugh escapes her mouth. "Why do you think I hate you so much?"

I I cock an eyebrow. "Because I'm a dick?"

My voice is weak. I force my gaze to the ground, feeling like a fool. Not only for allowing my drunk mouth to accept a bet, but for also thinking my sister was any different from Brenna. I can't imagine what Chelsea would think if she saw the way I acted around Brenna, too. Talk about a terrible example. Either way, I'm at fault for my behaviour.

Brenna stays silent for so long I have to glance up at her again.

She presses her lips into a flat line and stares at me with her cool, calculating gaze. "Perhaps. But people can change. You stood up for me against Connor. Thanks for that. It's reassuring to know some boys don't support lack of consent. I can say I felt safe with you there. Not that I needed your strength to protect me. I could kick Connor's ass any day. But... But the support was nice."

"You sure could," I snort. Picturing Connor laying on the ground like a drunken fool is priceless. Even if I have to face consequences, Brenna bruising his ego was worth it. "Crash another party and kick his ass."

Chuckling, Brenna softly punches me in the shoulder. The one that wasn't injured. "I'll see you around, Shea." Before turning around, she hesitates. "For what it's worth, you are the one who makes me a better hockey player."

you I blink in surprise, my mouth going slack. " What ?"

What The corner of her mouth upturns. Her cheeks are a shade of pink, bringing out the light dusting of freckles across her skin. "I can skate circles around every boy in the league." She nods her head in KJ's direction. "My shot is stronger than KJ's. Drew admits to fearing it. You, though? You're the actual competition. I have to work extra hard to beat you or outsmart you. Why do you think I worked so hard at camp?"



I'm not sure how to respond. Instead, I rub my shoulder again. All this time, I thought Brenna played hard against me because she hated me. Not because I was a threat. Her compliment doesn't inflate my ego, either. It... humbles it. Having someone appreciate my skills is a delightful change. Aside from the coach, Jayden, and KJ, I don't get many compliments. It feels good coming from my rival—if I can even call her that anymore. I'm wondering if our truce has developed into something more.

Flashing me a quick smile, Brenna says she'll text me later for my address and then bounds back to her table. Her friends greet her with smiles and cheers. And the moment I see the smile on her face, I realize something.

I can't do this.

The bet.

"Fuck," I mutter, running a hand through my hair. Spinning on my heel, I head for the main entrance. I weave my way through the crowded hallway, past the wooden bear statue, and then push the door open. Outside, the air is chilly and crisp. It nips at my cheeks, causing them to sting.

Taking a sharp right, I head up the stairs to Royal LePage Place Arena. The student dirt parking lot is just past the building, sitting on the edge of the forest. As I'm walking, I tug my sweater tightly around me.

I can't do this—the bet. My time is already divided between school, hockey, work, and taking care of Chelsea. What was I thinking when I opened my mouth? Jealousy isn't a good enough reason to ruin someone's life. Yeah, I hate Brenna being a better player than I am. I hate that my dad is an asshole. And although I love my sister, I hate that I'm basically her guardian.

But I can't control any of those factors.

I can only control how I act or what actions I choose to follow through. There hasn't been a lot of effort on my part. My cheeks heat with shame, despite no one of importance being around. It's a wonder KJ has stuck around me this long.

I choose In the distance, the bell rings. I continue walking in the opposite direction to my vehicle, pushing against the scattered, complaining groups heading back to MBSS. I'm skipping my last class. This is too much. I don't want to take part in this stupid bet anymore. And why should I have to? Connor can shove his money up his ass. I was drunk and belligerent when the agreement was made. I'll reject the money and admit to them being right. Maybe I can't rope in any girl I want. Maybe I'm anti-romantic. Who gives a fuck? It's not like it's affecting their every day lives. I refuse to be a pawn in someone's game.

Or maybe I don't want to be a hypocrite. I have an obligation to my sister. An obligation that isn't just limited to her but to her and everything she stands for. If I hurt Harrison, I'm inadvertently hurting my sister. I'll be degrading and labelling Brenna just as badly as Connor and Preston do to Ella. My actions will only add to the cycle. I'm giving these assholes power.

When I arrive at my vehicle, I unlock it and toss my backpack into the passenger side, slamming the door behind me. I trudge around the front and open the driver's side. I slam the driver's door, too. And when that doesn't make me feel better, I slam my fist against the steering wheel.

Screw Connor and his games. After Brenna's comment, the one that continues to haunt me, I realize this isn't right. If this happened to Chelsea, I'd be furious.

I'm an idiot for not accepting it sooner.

Everything ends tonight. I refuse to be a pawn in someone's game.

* * *

Coach blows the whistle.

"Another set of forward suicides!" he bellows. "Now!"



I close my eyes and silently groan. After being benched for two weeks, I'm pushing myself past my limits to keep up with the boys. Sweat soaks my jersey and drips down the back of my neck. My thighs are aching; they scream in protest as I line up between Jayden and KJ. Even my hair is sticking to my forehead.

Sweat and aches aside, I love being back in the subzero atmosphere. Hearing my skates scrape against the ice and the puck lodge itself into the net is music to my ears.

KJ taps me on the shins with his hockey stick. "You look like the dead, bro."

I roll my eyes. "You flatter me, KJ. You're a ray of fucking sunshine."

A grin splits his face. "Love you, too, Shea."

The corner of my mouth twitches as I turn back to the ice before me. Coach will blow the whistle any second now. I want nothing more than to flop on the couch and sleep, but I have to work. My shot at Boston University depends on my skills and physique. Without determination and the ability to push myself, I'll never make it. Chelsea's well-being hangs in the balance, as per usual, but I push it away for now, shifting into a ready position. After missing time on the ice, I'm treating this the way I treat games: as if I'm a kid whose only responsibility is hockey. As if I don't need to worry about my sister or what happens after I graduate high school.

When Coach blows the whistle, I'm off. My thigh muscles burn as I rush to the blue line, but I push. I keep pushing, telling myself all the sore muscles will be worth it. At the blue line, I come to a skidding stop. Snow flies in the opposite direction as I turn around and race back to the goal line. I spin around again, heading to the red line. When I glance to my side, I see KJ beside me. We're ahead of the rest of the team.

As I race KJ for the red line, I try to keep my breathing even. My chest heaves as my lungs burn in protest. At this rate, showering will be out of the picture when I get home. I'm going to be a zombie.

Come on, Smith. You can do this.

Come on, Smith. You can do this. I push harder. Skating against my best friend makes me like that. KJ and I fuel each other; we strive to be better than the other. We banter and critique. Sometimes we want to strangle each other. In the end, we're as close as brothers. Beating him, winning the race would be beneficial. Being the captain, I want to provide a good example for my teammates. I want to show them how hard I'm willing to fight for wins, to become a better player.

We continue on, fighting against each other and the teammates we've left behind.

When we're on our way back, tied neck-in-neck, and only two metres away from the goal line, a foot comes out and tangles with my skates. The sudden impact of skate-on-skate causes me to lose my footing. I hit the hard ice with blunt force and slide into the end boards. My previously injured shoulder contacts the boards first, and I grunt. The throbbing pain returns with full-force. For a few seconds, I lay there, wondering if I've re-injured my shoulder.

"What the fuck, Connor?" KJ spits.

fuck, I roll over, coming face-to-face with Jayden's hand. "Are you okay, Shea?" he asks. He's removed his helmet, and his hair hangs in sweaty strands as he leans over.

Although I'm concerned, I test my shoulder. The sudden ache is gone, and it doesn't hurt to move. I breathe a sigh of relief.

"Don't know what you're talking about, Jones," Connor drawls.

"Don't play stupid! You tripped Shea!"

In the distance, I hear a body being smashed into the boards. If KJ is messing with Connor, his actions are going to have consequences. KJ shouldn't be engaging with him. It worries me. I've already got a price on my head for telling him to leave Brenna alone. I don't need KJ walking around with a target on his back, too.



"Smith," Coach says, joining Jayden. "You okay, kid?"

I nod and take Jayden's hand. He helps me to my feet and makes sure I've regained my balance before letting go. Over his shoulder, I see KJ does in fact have Connor pinned against the boards. Whatever words they're exchanging are being spoken with low voices; I can't hear anything anymore. But the arrogant smirk on Connor's face tells me one thing: he's goading KJ. He's trying to make KJ snap.

Pushing past Coach and Jayden, I skate over to the two of them. KJ grips Connor's jersey and pulls him forward before shoving him back into the boards. Connor laughs, not bothering to fight back.

"Do you think it's funny?" KJ demands. His eyes burn with fury. "We need Shea—our captain —to win games. Have some common sense, you thick-skulled fuck."

captain Connor shrugs. "We were doing fine without him." His gaze flicks over KJ's shoulder, connecting with mine. "He's been preoccupied lately."

preoccupied "The only reason he's been preoccupied is because you can't keep your—"

preoccupied "Kaleb," I say, resting my hand on his shoulder. This conversation needs to stop before it goes too far. If teammates fight, Coach is going to make us do more suicides. There's still an hour of practice left, and I'm ready to get the hell out of here.

He blinks at me, shocked I've called him by his first name. KJ blinks one more time before shoving Connor and skating away, mumbling profanities. Since Coach and the rest of the team are still around, listening with keen ears, I have to be careful with what I say next. Keeping my gaze locked with Connor's, I lean in and lower my voice. "Watch it, Watt. This bad blood is between you and me. Don't bring KJ into this."

He glares back at me, his eyes icy with anger. "Then quit testing me, Smith. What you did on the weekend..." He tsks and shakes his head.

tsks I roll my eyes. His comment will never make me feel guilty about my decision. What he was doing to Brenna wasn't right.

Jackass.

Jackass. "Watt!" Coach barks. "Suit up. We're taking shots."

With one last glare, we part ways. I head to centre ice, where KJ and Jayden are. Connor heads to the bench to retrieve his mask and stick. My blades glide across the ice, scraping the cold surface with precision. Things would be much easier if Connor weren't on our team. He's a shit disturber.

"I could kill him," is the first thing KJ says when I join them.

"Join the club," Jayden mutters.

I draw my bottom lip between my teeth. There are worse words I have to say about Connor. Words that will earn me another set of suicide lines if Coach hears them. I grind my teeth together, trying to gain control of my temper. Removing one glove, I slide my hand under the protective visor of my helmet and rub my tired eyes. God, I don't know how Harrison has the energy to go to school, work, go to the gym, play hockey, and read. I can barely get through hockey practice without feeling like I'm about to pass out.

and KJ nudges me. "What did he say to you?"

"More shit about the bet," I mutter.

I notice the look of distaste on Jayden's face.

"I'm backing out of it," I murmur, glancing at him. The look of surprise on his face and KJ's face is clear. I slide my glove back on, staring ahead at the net. Coach is standing off to the side, watching as Preston takes a shot. He misses, the puck pinging off of the crossbar. "I don't have time. And..." I trail off. Pushing Brenna out of the game, hurting her enough she stops being my biggest threat, is inviting. But I force myself to think otherwise. Shifting my positioning will not be easy. But, for the sake of how my sister grows up, I have to be a better person. I glance at Jayden and sigh. "You were right. I'm not dragging Brenna into something she never wanted to take part in. I'm telling Connor tonight."



KJ drops his stick and makes a T with his hands. "Whoa, bro," he says, eyes wide. "Time out. Time the fuck out. Are you crazy? Connor will not be happy with your decision. He'll come after you."

His words make me want to rescind my statement. Swallowing thickly, I shake my head. "I'll handle Connor's cruel games. With work, school, hockey, and university applications, I don't have time for this kind of shit." I don't mention Chelsea. Jayden and KJ both know where I stand within my family. I talk about hockey and university as if they're set in stone. When, in reality, they're balancing on a thin line. I don't know if I'll be able to leave Kelowna.

"Miller!" Coach calls. "You're up!"

Our heads snap up. Coach is off to the side, leaning against the boards, just shy of the goal line. He motions for us to get out of the gutter and turn back to the current drill.

"The boss has called," Jayden murmurs. As he skates by, he taps his stick against my shins, his gaze flicking to mine. "Maybe you're not so bad, Smith. Excellent choice."

After Jayden has taken his shot, which went through the five-hole, KJ's up next. I turn my back to his shot, gathering up one of the many pucks at centre ice. When it's my turn, I skate past the blue line and position myself a few metres away from Connor. Through his mask, he glares at me. His gaze is intense and nerve-wracking, but I don't let it faze me.

Using the strategy Harrison taught me, I shift my gloved hand down and move into proper positioning. The flex of my stick walks a thin line as I test it. After my previous outbreak, I can't afford to break another stick. Literally and figuratively.

Recalling her hand on mine and the warming scent of lavender, I wind up and take a shot.

The puck flies over Connor's shoulder and lodges itself in the back of the net.

His water bottle lands on the ice with an iconic thump.

thump. I press my lips together, glancing down at my stick. Although I want to ignore the moment in Harrison's driveway, I can't. It lessens my indignation towards the bet. After the context is taken away and I'm free of Connor's stupid games, maybe getting to know Brenna isn't such a bad thing. We could benefit each other. If she can teach me how to shoot better, maybe I can help her learn to relax. I could show her that life needs balance—even if you're striving to be the best hockey player.

A small smile curves my lips as I turn away from a fuming Connor and a grinning Coach.

* * *

* * * "See you at school, Shea," KJ says as he exits the dressing room. He glances at Connor, who is sitting in the corner.

I nod, giving him a tight smile. After practice ended, I delayed removing my hockey equipment. I need to be the last one in the room with Connor. We need to have a discussion. Leaning against the wall, I adjust my mid-calf socks and cross my arms. My nerves are jittery. I'm not fond of being alone with Connor, but this needs to be dealt with.

As he's lacing up his runners, Connor snorts. "You're usually the first one out of here, Smith. Is something wrong?"

"I'm done," I reply, keeping my voice steady. "You can shove the money up your ass. I don't have time for a silly bet. My home, school, sport, and work life already take up too much of my time."

The words spill from my mouth without fear of consequence. But with saying what we're doing to Brenna is wrong, my tongue stops working. I don't want to show too much empathy around Connor or else he will pester me about being a softie.

"You seemed to have plenty of time at the party," he drawls, grabbing his water bottle.

Goddamn party. I knew I shouldn't have shown up. "The only reason I could attend was because of my cousin," I argue. "But I can't keep asking him to babysit my sister. He has a life, too."



Connor sets his water bottle down and flicks his gaze to mine. An egotistic smirk sits on his lips. "And that concerns me, why?"

Frustrated, I run a hand through my hair. "I don't want to take part in this bet, okay? I was drunk when we discussed it."

He cocks an eyebrow and stands, stretching out his muscles as he paces the length of the bench. I force myself to stay in place. Silence stretches between us, and I hope he can't hear my fast-beating heart. "There's no problem here," he sighs. "You agreed. You can't turn away."

His comment ticks me off. How dare he try to decide for me. Standing up, I jab him in the chest with my finger. "I don't want to."

Connor's mouth twists to one side. "Don't be so naïve, Smith. You don't have a say in this. Don't tell me you have feelings for that bitch."

feelings I slam Connor into the lockers. "I don't want to take part in this bet," I snarl. "It's a waste of my goddamned time! I have better things to focus on than Harrison. Find someone else to play your psychotic games."

"Games?" he laughs. He grabs my shoulders and spins us around, pinning me against the metal lockers. With a vindictive smirk, he digs his hand into my previously injured shoulder. A rush of cold terror runs through my body, and I freeze. "This isn't a game, Smith. You've said so yourself she doesn't belong in this league. Think about it this way: When you break her little heart, she'll never want to play hockey again. We won't have to deal with her again."

If I could shove my previously stated words down my throat and choke on them, I would. I should've known Connor would pull this.

Connor applies more pressure to my shoulder, and a jarring pain strikes. I wince, leaning into the lockers, trying to get as far away from Connor as possible. He only pushes harder, which makes me wonder if I stayed away from the ice long enough. The pain reverberates through my muscles, causing me to screw my eyebrows together. His face splits into a devious grin. "Fucking wimp," he laughs, pushing harder. "Pull through with this bet, Smith. You've made a deal. Follow through or else—"

I stumble to the side, gripping whatever I can to stay upright. Connor and the mysterious attacker go flying over the bench beside me, tumbling to the floor. When I regain my balance, I'm able to get a better look at the situation before me. Jayden's got Connor pinned to the floor. He's gripping Connor's T-shirt, and he looks furious.

"Connor," Jayden spits. "Knock it off. If Shea doesn't want to take part in this, he doesn't have to. Quit forcing this on him and quit pulling Brenna into something she didn't ask for."

"What?" Connor snorts. He looks too comfortable laying on the ground. The smug bastard. "Now we need consent to talk about them?"

talk "Talk about women all you want," Jayden shrugs. "But when the decisions you're making affect their well-being, it's not acceptable. Brenna did nothing to deserve this. She's an outstanding hockey player. Better than any of us." He tugs Connor's shirt, making his back thump against the floor. "Drop it, Connor. No one wants to deal with your shit."

I mentally groan. While I can somewhat agree with Jayden's statement, he shouldn't have said it around Connor. Even the mention of Brenna's name pisses him off. He's also goading Connor. If Jayden doesn't shut up, he is going to snap.

With one last shove, Jayden climbs to his feet and steps over the bench, collecting his jersey. I frown. He must have forgotten it. That's why he returned and interrupted our conversation.

"You good, Smith?" Jayden asks.

Staring at him, I nod. Gratitude rests on my tongue, but I can't express it. Jayden and I are friends, but I didn't think he cared that much. I never expected him to come between Connor and I. Especially when consequences will follow.



He nods, tossing his jersey over his shoulder, and heads for the exit.

But then Connor is there, between Jayden and the exit. Jayden freezes.

Before I can comprehend what's going on, Connor's fist collides with Jayden's face. There's a sickening crack , and it's followed by gushing blood. Soon enough, the dressing room reeks of sweat, hockey equipment, and something metallic.

crack I act before I can think. Connor's next swing impacts my jawbone, sending me careening against the door. I scramble to my feet, shoving him away from Jayden. "Connor!" I bellow. "Stop!" Although I'm terrified of another hit, I stand my ground. Connor has no right to throw punches at Jayden when he's done nothing wrong. I keep my gaze level with his, noting the height difference. Which is useless compared to brute force difference. I don't know how Connor hasn't gotten kicked out of the league yet. I'm positive he uses steroids.

"Leave him alone," I continue, raising my hands. He's fuming. I need to be careful with what I say next. "Let's just calm down and talk. We can find a resolution."

He fists my shirt, bringing our faces a breath apart. His gaze is madness and hatred combined. "If you don't follow through with the bet, Smith," he spits, "and get rid of Harrison, I'll make sure he never sets foot on the ice again."

I suppress an eye roll. Why didn't I realize anything I say wouldn't work? It's his way or the highway. "This bet is between you and me. If you drag Jayden or KJ into this, then so help me God, I will—"

"What?" he taunts, releasing my shirt. He steps back and throws his hands up in the air. The rubbery floor squeaks under his runners. "Beat me up? You're afraid to punch Harrison, let alone one of your own teammates. Tattle? Are you going to run crying to Coach, Smith? You'll be forever ridiculed if you do." He glares at the "C" on my sweater, his lips curling in disgust. "Your captaincy will be demolished."

I try to ignore the nagging feeling in my gut. This "C" is supposed to help me gain recognition. I need it embroidered on the chest of my jersey. The panic escalates, and I feel my blood pressure rise. A poor reputation will not gain me entry to Boston University. But neither will a guilty conscience.

Jayden, who is sitting on the bench to my left, coughs. I glance at him. The blood is still gushing from his broken nose, and purple and blue bruises pattern his skin. It's swollen, too. The state of Jayden's face makes me angry. I clench my fists at my sides. "I don't care about my captaincy," I grit out. It's a lie. A complete lie. My captaincy is everything to me, just like the sport itself. "Ruin my reputation, get me kicked off the team. I don't care what you do. I'm not partaking in this silly bet."

Connor casts me a look of disappointment, the fluorescent lighting above us highlighting the sharp angles of his face. They look menacing. "I'm disappointed in you, Smith. When did you become such a pussy?" He sighs, rolling his shoulders, and takes a step in Jayden's direction. "I've told you the consequences. Now I suppose I must go through with them."

He takes another step towards Jayden.

"Wait!" I exclaim.

Connor pauses, grinning over his shoulder at me. "You've come to your senses?"

I exhale deeply, hoping the Hockey Gods don't punish me too much. "Fine," I spit. "I'll go through with the bet. For the record, Watt, I'm doing this against my will."

He steps away from Jayden, and I breathe a sigh of relief. "Either way," he sneers. "You agreed to this, Shea. Whatever the outcome, everything will rest on your shoulders. And, man, I can't wait to see how badly you fuck Harrison up."

My shoulders sag in defeat as he claps me on the back. I stand in one place, waiting until he's gathered his hockey bag and coat. I hear the creak of the door as he opens it. "Oh," he adds. "And Smith?"



"What?" I snap, turning around. His grin makes me want to punch him.

"If you tell Harrison what's going on"—he nods at Jayden—"things won't go well for Miller. Or Jones."

Connor steps out into the hallway, leaving Jayden and I behind in the dressing room. I pinch the bridge of my nose. What the hell am I supposed to do now? I can't let Connor hurt Jayden or KJ. They can't suffer from my idiotic actions. But... But Brenna shouldn't have to either.

Next to me, I hear Jayden's jersey slip from the bench. It rustles against the floor. When I glance at him, I see his hands are covered in blood and it stains his shirt. The blood flow has slowed, but he needs something to clean up with. There's dried blood atop his upper lip and stuck to his chin.

"Fuck," I mutter.

Leaving Jayden behind, I cross the dressing room and rifle through my bag until I find a towel. It's the one I use to wipe sweat away when I'm working out, but it's going to do for now. On the far side of the dressing room, where the washrooms are, I turn the tap on and wet the towel. After I've wet it, I turn the tap off and wring the cloth out, removing any excess water.

When I return to Jayden, I kneel in front of him. He flinches as I wipe the blood away. "Sorry, man," I murmur, retracting the cloth.

"It's fine," he mumbles.

I scoff. He's far from fine. The swelling has increased and the bruises are worse. His eyes are also red from tears. My heart hurts for Jayden. I never meant for this to get so out of hand. "You're not fine," I reply. "Your nose is broken."

"Obviously," Jayden replies. His voice is dead; there's no emotion or oomph .

oomph "I'm sorry." I continue wiping the blood away, careful to not press on the bruises.

"How's your shoulder?" he asks, jerking his chin at it. "That asshole had you pinned."

I test my shoulder as I remove the cloth from his face. It's sore, but the ache doesn't cause any alarm. When I injured it on the ice, I could hardly move it. "It's fine," I reply. "A little sore, but I don't think he caused any damage."

I glance down at the cloth. It's damp and stained with his blood. I head over to the sink to rinse it. It takes several seconds for the water to change from cold to hot. "You didn't have to stand up for me," I call over my shoulder. Holding the bloody cloth beneath the tap, I watch as the water turns from deep red to light-pink and disappears down the drain. "I had it under control."

"Yeah," Jayden snorts. "You sure did."

When the water is clear again, I turn the tap off and wring out the cloth. The wet fabric is so hot it's steaming. I head back over to Jayden, handing him the warm cloth. He grunts in appreciation and presses it to his nose, flinching. His brown eyes are dark and pleading when he looks at me. "Don't do this to her, Shea," he says. "Fuck Connor. I'll deal with him. Don't hurt Brenna."

I shoot him a pleading look. "What else am I supposed to do? Jayden, if I disobey him, he's going to ambush you or KJ. I can't let him hurt you."

He fixes me with his fiery gaze. "But you're allowed to hurt Brenna?" Shaking his head, he sighs. "I'm choosing my path, Shea. If Connor beats me up, he beats me up. Don't drag her into this."

I draw my bottom lip between my teeth, contemplating my options. There has to be a way to make Connor think I'm making moves on Brenna. If we acted as friends and hung out... I rub my jaw. Maybe this could work.

think "Seriously, Shea," Jayden adds. "Don't hurt her."

"Do you think I want to?" I ask. "Brenna... Brenna made a point, and it's gotten to my head." I drop my face into my hands and sigh. "One of these days, I will apologize to her for my despicable behaviour."

"Man," he chuckles. "You have a bad habit of contradicting yourself. You don't want her playing with us yet you think she deserves an apology?"

I bump my shoulder against his. "Shut the hell up. I'm aware of my imperfections..." I trail off and sigh. "I'm trying, okay? Brenna fucked me up with her comment. It's hard to break habits."

"What did she say?" he asks.

" If Chelsea wanted to play hockey with the boys, would you crush her dreams and say she's not allowed? " I recite.

If Chelsea wanted to play hockey with the boys, would you crush her dreams and say she's not allowed? Jayden lets out a low whistle. "Damn. Brenna kicks ass both on and off the ice. How d'you respond to that?"

"I made a sexist comment," I admit, feeling ashamed of myself. "And then she kicked me out of her house. After I thought about it, though, I wanted to talk to her. Which I had a chance of doing at the party until Connor ruined everything."

Jayden squints at the ceiling. "Seems to be his pattern. What else is new?"

"Same old, same old," I chuckle. After the humour has died down, I glance at him. "Do you want me to take you to the hospital? You should get your nose checked out."

He doesn't look pleased to go to the hospital, but he sighs and nods. "It's the only reasonable action to take. But we gotta stop this shit, you and me. There've been too many trips to the hospital this season."

"Yeah. One was enough." I agree, standing up. After I've gathered my bag, I join Jayden again. "Ready?"

Nodding, Jayden follows me, collecting his jersey from the floor.





15




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Brenna

Brenna Mom's not happy Shea is coming over again.

As she's attaching her ID to the front pocket of her jack-o-lantern scrubs, she continues to rant about him. "I thought this was a onetime engagement, Brenna. You know how I feel about that boy. He's—Goddamn it. Why won't this attach?"

"Mom," I sigh, taking the ID from her. She's too flustered to attach it. The clasp is also locked. Mom's shoulders sag as she watches me. "I told you our French project will run throughout the semester. If we continue meeting at Starbucks, I won't be able to afford gas for my car. Instead, we're going to meet at each other's houses. It's still costing us money, but not as much." I clip the tag to her pocket, making sure it's straight and her name is visible. "Before you yell at me, don't forget Shea and I have made a truce. We want a good grade for our transcripts. I promise I will not commit a felony."

There are times I want to throttle Shea, but I could never commit a felony. The picture on my wall is proof of that. Somewhere, under that thriving ego, I like to think my old friend still exists. Especially now, considering he's trying to keep his attitude under control.

Mom chuckles, patting my shoulder. "I'd still be your ally..."

"Mom," I snort, giving her a shove. "I would never kill someone—even Shea Smith. In case you don't remember, we used to be friends."

Mom opens her mouth, looking sullen. She's on the verge of giving me another lesson about friendships and how people grow apart. I'm not in the mood, so I cut her off.

"That doesn't matter," I continue. "All Shea and I are doing is working on our French project while we watch the Canucks game. And, if he doesn't like the Canucks, he can shove it up his ass."

We'll also hand out candy to the little kids—if I haven't eaten the entire bowl by then. Halloween isn't my favourite holiday, but it's not bad. I enjoy seeing all the costumes and the joy on their faces when they yell "Trick or Treat!"

While Mom organizes her bag, I swipe a Mars bar from the bowl and unwrap it. I should avoid chocolate bars. It's not good for my figure or health. But it's Halloween—a cheat day.

When Mom has gathered all her belongings, she leans against the counter across from me and removes Coffee Crisp from the bowl. Loose tendrils of brown hair bracket her face. "If you keep eating the candy, there will be none left for the trick-or-treaters."

"Says you!" I exclaim as she pops the mini Coffee Crisp into her mouth. "At least you're getting rid of the crappy chocolate bars, though. Who likes coffee and chocolate together?" I wrinkle my nose for added emphasis. "Mars bars are way better."

Mom shakes her head in disappointment. "Just like you believe sour cream glazed Timbits are better than the jelly-filled ones."

"They are!" I exclaim. "Hunter agrees with me!"



Behind Mom, the timer for the oven goes off. The lasagna is ready. She tosses the wrapper of her chocolate bar to the counter and turns around. From a nearby drawer, she removes a pair of black silicone oven mitts and pulls them on. A wave of heat envelopes the kitchen when she opens the oven and removes the lasagna. With the heat comes the scent of melted cheese, tomato sauce, and fresh basil. She sets the glass dish on the stove, removing her gloves and putting them back in the drawer.

When she turns back to me, she says, "I had better be on my way. I'm trusting you, Brenna. Don't make me regret this."

I roll my eyes. "Shea's already been over. We spent an entire Sunday together."

My tone of voice figuratively makes her take a step back. Instead of continuing to argue with me, she bites her lip and sighs. "I'm sorry, Brenna. I do trust you. You know that, right?"

"Do you?" I challenge. "You don't seem to right now."

"I do," she insists, adjusting her bag. Mom glances at the candy bowl and grabs another Coffee Crisp. She slips it into her pocket. "Sometimes... Sometimes I forget how old you are. Forgive me, Brenna. I know you're telling me the truth. I'm sorry, okay?"

I stare at her for several seconds before sighing. "I know. Honestly, Mom, just because Shea and I are getting along again changes nothing. He's still a jerk."

A jerk that's trying to improve.

A jerk that's trying to improve. I think back to our conversation from two days ago. Shea showed a softer, more vulnerable side. A rarity, but also... appealing. It's nice to know he has a soul. That, despite his dislike directed at me, he'll stand up for what's right. Although his personality still needs some serious work, he's not the monster I thought he was.

Walking around the island, Mom stops and pulls me into a hug. She presses a kiss to my temple, an understanding smile on her face. "Have a good night, sweetie. I'll see you in the morning."

"Bye, Mom. Have fun at work."

"Always do," she drawls.

I send her a sympathetic smile. Mom loves her job as a nurse, but that doesn't mean she has to like the hours. She enjoys helping people and making sure they receive the treatment they need, but the hours weigh heavily on her.

After Mom has left, I help myself to some lasagna. It's almost five o'clock, so I pull out an extra dish from the cupboard. Shea's coming here directly after hockey practice. If he hasn't stopped at Timmie's for a bagel or a drive-thru chain restaurant, he's welcome to have some lasagna. I also have some chips and salsa for when we're working and watching the Canucks.

While I'm enjoying the lasagna, I read a book. We Were Liars is on my "To-Read" list on Goodreads. It has been for a while. Which is why I'm reading it now. It's nice because time hasn't been my friend lately. I have to admit, I enjoy sitting down and drowning out the world.

We Were Liars Sadly, I'm interrupted several times throughout dinner and reading. The first wave of trick-or-treaters arrives with a ruthless attitude. Knock after knock, ring after ring, I'm adding candy to their strained bags and complimenting on their costumes.

By the time I've finished my food and read seven chapters, Shea still isn't here and my face hurts from smiling so much. I glance at the digital clock on the stove. He should've been here half-an-hour ago. If weather conditions were different, I'd be concerned about him getting into an accident on Westlake road—the hill can be nasty in the winter. But snow has been nonexistent.

I pull my bottom lip between my teeth, wondering if I should call him. It wouldn't hurt.

Swiping my iPhone from the counter, I unlock the screen and open the phone app. As I'm typing in Shea's number, the doorbell rings again. Sighing, I tap the call button and head to the front door, grabbing the bowl of candy from the bench.



I open the front door as the first ring echoes in my ear, expecting to be bombarded by a chorus of "Trick or Treat!" Naturally, I'm surprised when I see Shea standing on the other side of the door.

He's dressed in charcoal-grey joggers and a white T-shirt that leaves nothing to my wild imagination; I can see every hard edge of his body through the cotton. His brownish-blond hair is damp beneath his backward ball-cap, curling at the nape of his neck. His face is tilted downward as he searches his pocket for his ringing phone.

Quickly, I hang up and slip my phone in my pocket. Suddenly, I feel flustered. I hope he doesn't overthink me calling him.

Shea removes his phone from his pocket and stares at the screen. "Did you just call me?" he asks.

"Yeah," I blink, bringing myself back to reality.

"Why?" he asks.

"Y-You were supposed to be here half-an-hour ago." Why the hell am I stuttering? What is wrong with me? I keep my gaze locked on the door mat. It's Halloween-themed; orange and decorated with bats and skeletons. In eerie writing, it says, "Have a Spooktacular Halloween."

Why the hell am I stuttering? What is wrong with me? "Oh, yeah," he replies, sounding sheepish. "Sorry about that. Chelsea needed to be dropped off at her friend's house. They're going trick-or-treating together. I should've let you know."

My heart melts a little. I haven't seen many interactions between Shea and Chelsea, but all his decisions seem to be based on her well-being. Shea's a strange specimen. That's my hypothesis, at least. While his intentions seem to be purposeful and positive, his attitude and the way he portrays himself are opposite. Have his father's comments pushed him to be this way? What is life like at home?

Daring to look up, I do. When I make eye contact with him, my mouth drops open. "What happened to you?" I gasp.

The bruise on Shea's face is nasty. It's blue and purple with green lining the edges. It sits on his jawline. Either he got into a fight with someone or took a puck to the face. Either way, something bad happened.

"Nothing," he replies, looking away. He sounds defeated, but that defeat fades away when he clears his throat and straightens his posture. With a charming smile on his lips, he says, "I'm fine, Harrison. Let's get this French shit finished."

Shea pushes past me and kicks off his shoes, leaving them next to my runners. I close the door behind us, wondering what made him flip the switch so quickly. With the bowl of candy still in my arms, I lean against the door and watch him. He kneels down in front of the bench, rifling through his backpack until he finds his papers and French textbook. As he does this, I note how off his behaviour is.

Jayden was right—it isn't hard to tell when Shea is faking. He doesn't want to be here. Despite his charming smile and confident posture, it's clear he'd rather be at home. The smile doesn't quite reach his eyes. He's constantly glancing around, too, as if he's expecting someone to jump out from the shadows.

It's... strange to see Shea Smith fidget.

I have to wonder if his behaviour is off because of the bruises on his jaw.

"Are you okay?" I ask.

"Harrison," he sighs, standing up. He turns to face me, his mouth pulled to one side. "Drop it, okay? I'm fine."

His voice is snarky and condescending, which brings a frown to my face. For once, fighting with him doesn't sound appealing. What happened is none of my business unless he tells me. I'm pushing too much. I raise my hands. "Fine. I was just asking."

His shoulders sag and his eyebrows furrow together. "Fuck. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to sound so rude." As he moves, a pen falls from his arms.

Setting the bowl of candy down on the bench, I lean over and grab the pen for him. "Tell me they got what they deserved." If it was Shea's dad or Connor or some other miserable, insecure man, I hope Shea dished it out, too. I've seen him fight on the ice. Hell, I've felt one of his punches. When he uses his strength, he brings anyone to his knees.



The look on Shea's face falters, which causes negative emotions to stir in my gut. Whatever happened, he didn't fight back. Or he did, and he lost. Maybe that's why the bruise is so bad. Questions pile up on my tongue, but I hold them back. It's safe to say I'm concerned.

Shea turns his back to me. He inspects the entryway, taking in the stairs, photos, and the overall aesthetics of my house. Aside from the plants and photos, my house is pretty basic: greyish-brown flooring, cream-coloured walls, and modern décor. "Nothing's changed," he says. He gestures to the photos on the wall. "Your mom still does that, eh?"

I roll my eyes. Running parallel with the hallway are seventeen pictures of me, ranging from when I was a baby to last year's school photos. The next one mom hangs will be my graduation photo. "She never stopped."

He glances over his shoulder as we head down the hallway, grinning at me.

My stomach flutters. Why does he have to look so good with a backwards ball-cap? It's unfair to my poor stomach.

"Where are we doing the work?" he asks at the end of the hallway.

We stand there for a moment while I contemplate. The game doesn't start until seven, so it would be best to start in the kitchen, where we have lots of space and better lighting. Once we get through the harder work, we can switch to the living room. "Kitchen?" I ask. "There's also some lasagna if you're hungry."

Setting his belongings down on the island, he nods. "Food would be good."

I press my lips into a flat line and nod. Something feels off tonight. We're being too friendly, and it feels natural. It's as if our truce has morphed into something more. A potential friendship, despite the bad blood.

"Okay," I shrug. "After you eat, we'll get started."

* * *

Within two hours, we get a lot of work done. Our presentation is going to be a mix of digital and physical components. We've outlined a power-point presentation for terminology and other potentially boring topics. The fun side was deciding how we're going to engage with the class and keep them interested in our presentation. Shea suggested French macarons. I've never been fond of baking, so I wasn't big on the suggestion until he reassured me he could handle it. He's going to put in an order at his family's café.

I seem to forget he works at his family's café. Probably because I've never been there. The confession makes me feel guilty. It's always good to support local businesses. We should have been going there instead of Starbucks.

I make a mental note to visit next time I'm in Kelowna.

Soon after the decision was made, Shea and I called it quits. We've both had enough of French. Now, we're sprawled out on the couch and eating the leftover candy. We were interrupted several times while working on our project, but the trick-or-treaters have died down now. So much so, I shut the porch light off and closed the blinds to signal no one's home.

"God," I groan, enjoying the taste of chocolate. "I love cheat days."

"Cheat day?" Shea snorts, opening another Crispy Crunch. "Are you on a diet?"

I freeze, the half-eaten Mars bar centimetres away from my mouth. "No."

"Then how are you cheating? If you ask me, it's toxic to think you're cheating when you eat candy or chocolate. You're allowed to eat whatever the hell you want."

My eyebrows raise in surprise as I stare at his body. Shea is lean and toned, with broad shoulders and muscle in his thighs. I bet he's never skipped leg day. He seems like the type of man who would avoid junk food at all costs. "Are you telling me you eat junk food daily?"



"No," Shea replies, rubbing his neck. He shifts on the couch, fixing his slouchy posture as he leans forward and sets the wrapper on the coffee table. I avert my gaze from the pile of wrappers. We've consumed way too much chocolate. "Salt, sugar, fat—everything is healthy for you in moderation. If you have cake on your birthday or are craving chocolate, you're not cheating anything."

I don't respond to him. Instead, I focus on the TV and watch the Canucks break into Colorado's zone.

"You cheat on a test. You cheat on your girlfriend. You don't cheat on food."

My gaze flicks to his. "Comparing food habits to cheating on your girlfriend won't sit well with women. You should watch what you say."

He snorts again. "I would never cheat on someone. That's what my parents did and look where it's gotten them."

I blink. "Your parents are cheating on each other?"

"Not sure," he shrugs. From the bowl on the coffee table, he grabs a chip and dunks it in salsa. He inspects it before popping it into his mouth. Honestly, I don't know how he's still eating. He's already eaten half the lasagna, more mini chocolate bars than I can count, and now he's helping himself to the chips and salsa. I feel like he should look pregnant at the moment. Yet... his body is still slim as ever. And... and his shirt is riding up, giving me a prime view of his hipbone.

I clear my throat and look away. "How can you just assume if you don't know?"

"Please," he replies, rolling his eyes. "Both of them keep going on trips. You can't tell me other people aren't playing their games, either." In a weaker, much more timid voice, he adds, "I wish they would divorce. It'd be easier for Chelsea."

I cock my head to the side, frowning. "What about you?"

Although it's terrible what's going on with his parents, I'm enjoying our conversation. Usually, he's short with his sentences and his tone is snarky. This Shea, the one I'm talking to right now, reminds me of the one I knew when we were friends.

He shrugs off my question and gestures to the TV. "How do you think the game's going to go?" he asks, crumbs falling from his mouth as he consumes another chip.

Disappointment fills me. I'd been hoping to fuel the conversation. I glance at the TV. "Colorado is a shit team—minus Landeskog and MacKinnon. I'm not worried, but hockey is hockey. I've seen a team come back within the last minute and win the game. You never know what will happen. Pettersson's been on fire lately, though."

Shea glances to the side, murmuring something incoherent.

"What was that?" I ask.

He yawns and stretches his back. His shirt rides up, giving me a view of his hipbone again. And the band of his boxers. "Nothing. It's hard to believe we're fans of the same team."

And I can't argue with him. I was surprised when he admitted to liking the Canucks, too. Tearing my gaze away, I glance up at the screen just in time to see Brock Boeser snipe one into the net.

Shea whoops, doing a little fist pump. "Fuck, Boeser is awesome. I wish I could play like him."

"We've got such an excellent team this year," I nod. My excitement is building. Something tells me this is going to be a good game. Colorado and Vancouver have already traded a pair of goals. If we have a back-and-forth game ahead of us, fans are in for a wild ride. That's my favourite part about being a Canucks fan. Even when they're at their worse, their games are never boring. Just for the fun of it, I nudge Shea. "I'm guessing he's your favourite player?"

"Yeah," he nods. "Who's yours?"

"Jake Virtanen," I admit. "It's a very unpopular opinion, but I like to cheer for the underdogs. When he's playing hockey properly and throwing his weight around, he's a skilful player. He just needs to find his groove."



Shea rubs the bruise on his jaw, nodding in agreement. "I don't understand why fans are mean to players. They made the NHL for a reason, be it skills or potential. I'm not a fan of Virtanen, but I also can't disagree with you. There is potential."

I side-glance Shea. He hasn't looked away from the TV, despite the first period being over. He's very focused on the replays the commentators are analyzing, which doesn't surprise me. There's passion burning in his hazel eyes. The determination of someone who's bound to make it into the NHL. My thought pattern causes jealousy to burn deep in my gut. It's unfair that, if Shea ever makes the NHL, he'll be able to make a living off of hockey. Me? Women need two jobs in order to create a sustainable lifestyle. It's unfair how I have just as much skill as Shea, yet mine doesn't get a spotlight.

But that's the reason I'm playing hockey with the boys. I'm trying to break that barrier. I want to watch it crumble beneath my feet. My actions may not work out for me, but maybe they'll be enough for future generations.

For now, though, I push the jealousy away. Shea and I are having a good night, and I'm enjoying watching the game with him.

* * *

At the end of the third period, Vancouver and Colorado are tied at six apiece and going into overtime. Shea and I are both sitting on the edge of the couch, feeling the stress of an overtime game on our shoulders. Tonight's game has been nothing but back and forth between these two teams. In front of us, the coffee table is covered in forgotten chips and salsa, candy wrappers, and empty plates smeared with tomato sauce. Shea and I got hungry again, so we finished the lasagna.

Shea sets his water down on the coffee table and flops back against the couch. "I can't believe Pettersson scored with thirty-five seconds left and tied the game up."

"I hate overtime," I groan, dropping my face into my hands. "I mean, it's exciting and can be fun to watch, but I still hate it. It always feels like I'm going to have a heart attack."

"OT sucks," he nods, "but not as much as shootouts. I think shootouts put too much pressure on the goalies, which is unfair. Normal games should be just like playoff games—sudden death. The next team who scores wins."

Just then the commentators return to the screen, announcing puck drop. "Shh!" I say, slapping his shoulder. "Overtime is starting!"

Watching overtime with Shea is actually... fun. Because the teams have been trading goals, we don't know what to expect. The win could go to either team. We're also cheering for the same team which is a pleasant turn of events. When the Canucks come close to scoring and end up missing, we groan in unison. When Colorado narrowly misses, we breathe a sigh of relief.

The minutes tick by, and soon we're down to the last minute of play.

Shea and I shift closer to the TV, our eyes wide and postures tense. The Canucks have gained possession of the puck and making their way into Colorado's zone.

"Come on, guys," Shea mutters. His hat is off and his fingers are tangled in his hair, tugging lightly.

We have just under half a minute to go and—

The buzzer goes off and fans erupt on the screen.

The Canucks have scored with twenty-two seconds left in the game!

Shea and I both jump to our feet and cheer. Our palms connect with a loud smack , and then we're pulling each other in for a hug.

smack "That goal was nasty," I laugh.

"It was!" he agrees, grabbing his hat from the coffee table. "Damn, I wish I could have been at that game. It would've been worth the money."

"Me, too," I sigh. I've never been to Canucks game, but one day I will go. It's on my bucket list.



Then a thought occurs to me. Realizing what I'm doing, I jerk away from Shea and turn to the coffee table. To distract myself, I collect the dishes, wishing the memory of his warmth and hard body would leave my mind.

Shea Smith gives superb hugs.

"What are you doing?" Shea asks. I can hear the frown in his voice, and I don't dare look at him.

My cheeks heat. Why am I freaking out over a hug? I should be thankful that hockey, which we usually fight over, is bringing us together. There's nothing wrong with being allies or friends over a sport. We're just two fans celebrating.

So why the hell are my cheeks burning? Why are butterflies fluttering against the lining of my stomach?

I glance at Shea, noting the lone dimple on his left cheek. "Cleaning up," I reply.

"Let me help," he says, reaching for the bowl of salsa.

I swat his hand away. "I've got this."

"Harrison," he drawls, shooting me a smartass grin. "You know I don't enjoy being bossed around." He pushes my hand away and grabs the bowl of salsa. "So, that means I'm helping. And I'm guessing the kitchen is still in the same place?"

His last sentence comes out teasingly. I decide to fight fire with fire. "No," I reply sarcastically. "I moved it upstairs while you were watching the game."

"Hilarious," he snorts.

I roll my eyes and push past him, a pile of plates in my arms. "Whatever."

Shea follows me to the kitchen. While we're walking, I contemplate whether we were just flirting with each other. We've always been teasing and sarcastic with each other, but there was always some truth to what we would say. Now? Now I don't think there's any real meaning behind our banter. I think it's just playful banter. And the possibility scares me.

Lost in my haze of thoughts, my hip collides with the corner of the island. The force knocks the plastic bowl and plates from my hands. Shattered ceramic, plastic, and chip crumbs coat the kitchen tile. I groan and close my eyes. "Shit."

To hide my embarrassment, I kneel and collect the plastic bowl. Aside from the cutlery, it's the only thing that stays intact. The rest is a mess.

Beside me, Shea leans down and collects the larger pieces of ceramic. His shoulder brushes mine as he reaches out, careful to not cut his hand.

I glance at him. "You don't need to help. This was my fault."

He meets my gaze. "You really don't like help, do you?"

We're so close, his breath is hot on my cheek. His voice is rough, giving me a weird vibe. His magnetic field is pulling me closer, but my mind is telling me to pull away. But I can't.

Instead, I trace the pattern of bruising on his jaw beneath the pad of my thumb. "Who did this to you?" I whisper. I inhale deeply, and soap and laundry detergent overwhelm my senses.

Shea breaks away, putting distance between us as he shakes his head. He heaves a heavy breath. "It doesn't matter."

A thought occurs to me. Shea shut Connor down at the party, and he wasn't happy about that. "Was it Connor?"

He flinches, confirming my assumptions.

"Why don't you tell your coach? If Connor stepped out of line, he doesn't deserve to get away with it."

"It's..." Shea trails off,

"Complicated?" I ask, rolling my eyes. "That's such a male response."



"Yeah," he swallows, looking severely uncomfortable. He adjusts the collar of his T-shirt. "Complicated."

I shift into a sitting position and lean my back up against the island. "Well, we've got plenty of time for you to make it un-complicated." I pat the empty spot next to me. "Have a seat."

Frustrated, Shea exhales deeply and sits next to me. "You're a fucking pusher, Harrison."

"I know," I smile. "Now, you're going to tell me who did this to you. And then, we're going to solve the problem." If Shea is being abused at home, then that means his sister probably is, too. Someone needs to know if that's the case. If it was Connor... then we need to find a safe route. That kid is unpredictable.

Shea sighs again and removes his ball-cap, running a hand through his hair before he repositions the cap. "It was Connor," he admits. "We had a complication after practice. Jayden was involved, too. But we dealt with it, Brenna. There's no need to tell anyone what's going on."

Frowning, I shake my head. "No. I don't agree with that. If Connor is being a controlling, abusive jerk, tell your coach."

"It's not that simple," he argues. "We're boys. We don't tell people shit. We deal with things."

I roll my eyes and scoff. "That is bullshit. What you're arguing for is toxic masculinity, and you know it. There is nothing wrong with telling someone what's really happening. If it puts you in danger, why let it fester? The solution is straightforward."

Shea keeps his gaze locked on the tile beneath his feet for several seconds. When he makes eye contact with me, there's a powerful look in his eyes. "I'm not playing Connor's games. I can handle some punches, but I'm not his pawn. Speaking out will only give him power. He's a psycho. All he'll get is a slap on the wrist and come back with a vengeance. He takes pride in punishment."

A shudder reverberates down my spine. It's clear I will not change his mind. "Did you at least get the bruises looked at? Is Jayden okay?"

"Since when do you care about Jayden?" he snorts.

I blink. "He's friends with Nick. We hang out sometimes."

Shea clenches his jaw and looks away. "He's fine. I took him to the hospital."

My eyes widen. "He had to go to the hospital?!"

"All he did was break his nose. He's fine," Shea replies, rolling his eyes.

I nudge him in the ribs and shift my weight. The tile is cold through my leggings. "Why are you rolling your eyes? He's your friend!"

Shea drops his head to his shoulder and glances at me. "Because he's fine, Brenna. That kid is tougher than you think. I promise."

I cross my arms are stare ahead at the cupboards. There's a smudge of tomato sauce from one plate that broke. It's the last thing I care about at the moment. I'm not happy with Shea's response. Can't he see there's nothing wrong with raising the alarm? If Connor is bullying them, something needs to be done.

"Shea..." I say, turning to face him. "We should tell—"

"Brenna," he sighs, "just leave it alone, okay? I'll deal with it."

"Just like you'll deal with your parents' responsibilities?" I shoot back.

His face darkens. "That was low."

I lean in closer to him. So close our noses are almost touching. "I know. It's like you said: I'm a pusher."

Shea's hazel eyes flick down to my lips, and before I know it, his lips are on mine. My conscience goes out like a candle. I don't know what the hell I'm doing, but I can't prevent myself from ending the kiss. His mouth tastes like chocolate with a hint of mint. He must've had gum or something after we left the living room.

A rush of adrenaline hits my head as his lips move, as his tongue coaxed my mouth open. I inhale, breathing in laundry detergent and soap. I've kissed boys before, but never to this degree. I've never had someone's hand pressed against the small of my back. He tries to pull me closer as he angles his head and intensifies the kiss, but it's impossible. I'm as close as close can be, considering the way we're sitting.

My entire body feels like it's on fire.

Shea brings his other hand to my flushed face and cups it, trailing his thumb along my cheekbone. I feel like I should do something with my hands, but they're weightless in my lap. I'm consumed by shock and longing and those goddamned butterflies again.

But as soon as we break apart, the weight of what we've done comes crashing down on us. I fold into myself and Shea's face falls. He looks as horrified as I feel. Isn't this what people call fraternizing with the enemy? To me, it sure as hell is. One rule about joining the boy's hockey league was no romantic relationships or anything remotely close to a romantic relationship.

"I should get going," Shea mutters, climbing to his feet.

He books it out of here so fast he forgets his papers and textbook.

I stare down the dark hallway, watching his silhouette pull on shoes and grab his backpack. He's out the door before I can say anything. All I can do is stare at the closed door, dumbfounded and wondering what is wrong with me and my calamities.

I sigh.

Oh, my calamities.

Oh, my calamities.





16




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Brenna

Brenna Kamloops is being reactive instead of proactive, chasing the puck and fumbling their plays. There have been countless giveaways and my team has had several power plays. They're also fatigued, failing to move their feet and reverting to clutching and grabbing. When the game began, Kamloops looked strong. Now? Now it appears they're mired in another slump. With five minutes left in the second, our fourth line is on the ice and they're buzzing. Their passes are crisp and they calculate every shot, challenging the opposing team's goalie. Behind Hunter and I, Coach mutters an approving phrase.

With sweat sliding down my back, I stare at the game. It riddles my chest with excitement. These types of games, the ones where lines are clicking and the score favours us, fuel me. Make me proud of being part of this team.

Cody Wilson, one of our right-wingers, takes a slap-shot that ricochets off the crossbar. The puck, after it's rebounded from the boards, slides across the ice and into the corner. An outmatched Kamloops defence-man races Jonah Todd for the puck, grabbing Todd's jersey to slow him down.

An uproar comes from the bench, in sync with the ref's whistle. The game stops as they deal the penalty out, putting us on the power play.

"Christ," Nick mutters, relief present in his tone. "I thought he wouldn't call the penalty."

I nod. With late-night games, I find the refs are lenient. Kamloops getting away with holding wouldn't have surprised me. I'm not complaining, though. Even if we are winning 4-0, it's always good to practice our power plays for when we face stronger teams and their powerful players. Like Kelowna... and Shea.

Thinking his name reminds me of what happened two nights ago.

Him kissing me on the kitchen floor.

I avert my gaze from the ice. Hunter, Nick, and I will be on the ice for the start of the power play. It's how Coach makes our team gain momentum. But the thought of Shea has riddled me with anxiety.

We kissed.

kissed. The word churns through my thoughts, pushing my stomach to flip and flop with uneasiness. No—that's a lie. What makes me uneasy is the haunting memory of sitting on the kitchen floor and doing nothing. I didn't push him away. Nor did I slap him. Instead, I revelled in how soft his lips were. How good his mouth tasted. And when he got up and left, I sat there in a daze.

"Harrison, Tucker, Wright!" Coach shouts, clapping his hands together. "On the ice!"

Shaking away any calamities Shea has caused, I hop over the boards and skate to the face-off zone. It's to the right of Kamloops's goalie. Hunter wins the draw back to our left defence-man, Brydon Kennedy, who passes across the ice to his partner, Adam Phillips. The Kamloops penalty killers are doing a great job of taking away the shooting lane, so Kennedy and Phillips exchange positioning along the blue line. While they pass the puck, skate, and try to make space, I skate through Kamloops's box and set up on the right half-board.



For the next twenty seconds, we make a series of passes, but they do little to create a scoring chance. After an attempted shot, the puck deflects into the netting and the ref blows the whistle. As I'm skating to the face-off zone, I tap my stick against the scuffed boards. We're producing nothing on this power play. Which is out of sorts. We've been outplaying Kamloops. Why can't we break their defence when they're down a player?

The ref drops the puck. Hunter wins again because he's that good at face-offs. Now that Nick is back in position at the half-board, I plant myself in front of the net, searching for a tip-in. The view ahead doesn't look promising. Our defence and Nick are trapped in another game of tic-tac-toe.

that However, while Kamloops watches the puck, Hunter slips behind the net and pops up on the goal line to the left side of the goal. Behind me, the goalie is facing the opposite direction; he's unaware of Hunter. I skate to the left of the goalie, bringing the defence-man with me. Little does he know that we've blocked the view of the goalie for when Nick passes the puck to Hunter.

The second Hunter arrives, Nick fakes a shot and drills the puck to Hunter's stick. With Hunter having a right-handed shot, he struggles to shoot. But there's enough oomph that it connects with my hockey stick. I tip the puck past Kamloops's goalie, putting us up to five.

oomph From the bench, I hear Coach let out a whoop .

whoop While Kamloops suffers from their mired slump, the boys converge around me, clapping me on the shoulder and cheering.

The outcome had never been in doubt.

But my smile falters when I hear the comments from Kamloops.

"But she's a girl. That goal shouldn't have counted."

"Fucking bitch. She's that needy for attention?"

that "Attention? Screw that. We all know the only reason she's playing hockey with the boys is so she can fuck all of them."

Their voices are full of malice and envy. Although I want to fight back and resonate with them, I know my words will hold little value. Changing their minds is like trying to prevent the sun from rising—impossible. Instead of voicing my true intentions, I skate past Kamloops's bench with my chin high. Let them think what they want. They'll be eating their words when my fight for hockey equality pays off.

Their comments don't define my skills.

Or who I am as a person.

Their opinions are horse shit.

* * *

After the game has ended, I'm alone in the women's change room. Tonight's win should have me feeling happy. I should have energy. Instead, I feel beaten down and edgy. I close my eyes and groan, knocking my head against the wall. There's tension in my neck and shoulders. A steaming bubble bath is something I could use, and some tea and a delightful book, but I'm due for a sleepover with Cat, Ella, and Evren. All I have time for when I'm home is a quick shower and packing my overnight bag. If I change fast enough, that is.

My mind is wandering.

And the epicentre of my thoughts revolve around Shea.

It's safe to say our truce isn't a truce anymore. Truces don't lead to kissing. Truces don't lead to a guy like Shea realizing he's a jerk and trying to better himself. The comment I made about his sister shook him up. In a good way. Although I don't want to notice the effort he's putting in, or credit him for the night he told Connor to back off, I have to.

But guilt is eating me alive.

When I joined the league, I made an oath (not a legitimate oath, but a promise that held the importance of an oath) to avoid any romantic relationships or actions with anyone in the league. Shea and I, although we're not dating or anything, our kiss qualifies as bending the rules.

anyone

I pinch the bridge of my nose.

I let him bend the rules.

I let myself bend the rules.

myself Shaking my head, I correct my posture and unlace my skates, tossing them into the bag. I've just removed my socks and hockey pants and pulled on my leggings when there's a knock at the door. I hold off on removing my jersey.

"Come in!" I call.

Hunter opens the door and steps inside. He's dressed in jeans and a T-shirt. His auburn-brown hair is a matted mess of sweaty knots. "Hey," he says, sitting down next to me. "Feeling lonely yet?"

I'm not in the mood for Hunter's humour at the moment. "Always do," I sigh, my heart aching. Moments like these make me want to switch back to Catina's team. To have people in the locker room... to discuss plays as a team. To celebrate post-game victories or discuss how we can rebound from a loss.

No .

No I shrug off my thoughts.

The playful smile on his face fades. "Hey," he says, nudging me. "What's wrong? You know you can talk to me, right?"

I meet his icy blue gaze, wondering what he'd think of me if he knew I kissed Shea. It would hurt him. Hunter doesn't hide his feelings for me. Feeling the same way about Hunter would un-complicated things. The problem is, I don't feel the same way. We're too close. We have too much in common. We've been friends since kindergarten. People tease me for friend-zoning him. I think that's a toxic, misogynistic term. It stems from the belief that the concept implies an exception that women should date or have sex with men in whom they have no interest because the men were nice to them. Anyone who abides by or believes in this concept is a misogynistic jerk fuelling the patriarchy.

Just because Hunter is nice and has an interest in me doesn't mean I'm required to make an exception and date him. Yes, sometimes I wonder what it would be like to date Hunter. Maybe, in a parallel universe, one where we don't share a history of friendship, it would've worked. Right here, right now? No. I will never date Hunter. He is my best friend, and I want it to stay that way.

"Nothing," I lie, averting my gaze. "I'm tired and sore. Spin class last night was intense, and the sculpting class after wasn't helpful, either."

He nudges me again. "When will you realize you can't lie to me? Bren, we've known each other since we were four."

Sighing, I glance at him. "I'm fine, okay? Just tired. I regret agreeing to a sleepover tonight. With Catina, Ella, and Evren. All I want do to is sleep."

Hunter frowns. "So cancel. If you're too tired, cancel."

I shake my head. Although I'm exhausted, I want to see my girlfriends. Even if there is regret about agreeing to a sleepover stirring in my gut, I know it will fade away once I'm there. Once I'm in my pyjamas and enjoying a night out. Hunter doesn't need an explanation why I want to go, though. I shrug him off. "What are you doing here?"

He notices frustration clips my tone, but he doesn't let it faze him. "The guys and I are going out for dinner. We thought you'd want to join." He shoots me a lopsided, slightly sardonic smile. "But you're booked already."

"'Booked?'" I ask, wrinkling my nose. "I'm not some venue."

He nudges me with his elbow. "I know," he laughs. "I'm teasing. You can join us next time. If you want to."

I lean my head against his shoulder and sigh. "Thank you."

"For?" he asks.

The hooks and bench ahead of me are empty, much like the rest of the surrounding space. I press my socked feet against the rubbery black floor. The emptiness disheartens me, but it also makes me appreciate the friendship I have with Hunter. The respect I receive from teammates like Drew and Nick, and opponents like KJ and Jayden. Although the comments directed at me tonight were degrading and rude, I have to keep my focus on the positives. I have the skill to make a mark in the hockey world. There are people I can depend on. I can lean on.



"Not being an asshole like Kamloops or Kelowna hockey players. For keeping it inclusive instead of exclusive. It makes dealing with idiots easier."

He loops an arm around my shoulders, giving me a half-hug. "I'm always here for you, Bren. Nothing will ever change that." With his free hand, he gives his jaw a rub. The sound of stubble scratching against his palm fills the silence for a few seconds. "I'm sorry about what those players said. If it's any consolation, Nick and I wanted to kick their asses."

"So did I," I reply. "But that would've cost us a penalty. We have to keep our emotions separate from hockey. Focusing on speed and technique is more important."

Winning and proving women can play is more important.

Winning and proving women can play is more important. "It's still not right," he huffs. "I don't know how you stay calm."

I suppress a snort. He thinks I stay calm? Hell no. Although my urge to achieve success is fuelled by different factors, my temper is primary. I'm mad at the world for categorizing women. For succumbing to patriarchal capitalism. We are not an exploitable resource. We are human beings. The only way they should compare us to nature is via force and power.

I'm furious with my father for leaving Mom and labelling me worthless. For never wanting to meet me. The comments boys throw at me rebound like a puck from the crossbar, but they still reverberate within my bones. They still haunt me. I exercise to release that anger; to calm down. When the world pushes against you, find an outlet. A healthy outlet. Mom and Hunter say I overwork myself. I have to disagree. Everything I do has a reason behind it, and it's difficult.

"It's difficult," I admit. "But I know my hardwork will pay off in the end. That much I believe."

Hunter drops his arm from my shoulders. "You're going to rattle this world, Brenna Harrison. Mark my words."

A smile finds its way to my face. "Thanks, Hunt. I'm sorry I can't make it for dinner tonight. I will join next time."

He gets to his feet, flashing me his signature smile. "Have fun with the girls."

We exchange a wave, and then he's out of the locker room.

Once again, I glance around the room, taking in the empty hooks and bench. The red paint and black, rubbery floor. Even the space above the shelving platform winding around the room is void of anything related to hockey. I see previous ringette team photos, figure skating awards, and the memorial piece dedicated to the person who founded the arena.

I press my lips into a flat line, centring my emotions.

One day, my photo will join the figure skaters and ringette teams. I will be an inspiration for young women.

* * *

"Brenna!"

"Hey," I say, tossing my duffel bag to the floor. "Sorry, I'm late. Your mom let me in."

As per usual, Catina has her bedroom window open. The cold air filtering into the room causes a shiver to snake down my spine. My wet braids and T-shirt aren't helping this situation.

"Christ," I tease. "It feels like I'm in Antarctica."

"Shut up," Catina laughs, taking a sip from her cup. Judging by the slight puckering of her lips and the red flush along the skin of her neck, I'm assuming they've already broken into the alcohol. Lemon drop martinis are her favourite, despite the complaints about disliking sour drinks. A paradox I'll never understand. "It was hot in here."

"Well, vodka can do that to you."

After I've rifled through my duffel bag and pulled on a sweater, I survey Catina's bedroom. The walls are painted a deep red, something similar to mahogany but with less brown undertones. Her bedsheets are grey and frilly, adding a touch of femininity to her aesthetics. Twinkling fairy lights line the headboard of her bed, adding a warm white glow to the dim atmosphere. Framed photos clutter her nightstand, situated around her lamp and old-fashioned alarm clock. My favourite part of her bedroom is the reading nook. It's beside the shelving unit, accented with a grey cushioned seat, throw blanket, and an armful of pillows.



Along the far walls, next to the large open window, is a massive black bookshelf. If I'm an avid reader, then Catina is an insane reader. She polishes off an average of eighty books per year. I know this because we challenge each other via Goodreads every year.

She always wins.

I sit down beside Ella on the reading nook's bench. She flashes me a timid smile before offering me a bag of Twizzlers. I grab one strand of red liquorice and take a bite. The cherry-flavoured sweetness fills my mouth and sticks to my teeth.

"How was hockey?" she asks.

Glancing at her, I wonder if her question is genuine or if she's being polite. After her fallout with Kaleb, hockey has been a sensitive subject for Ella. She's never told us why she broke it off with him. Not truthfully, anyway. When she said they'd grown apart, I knew she was lying. There's another reason lingering beneath the surface.

Because I didn't play Kelowna tonight, I decide to answer her question. There'll be no mention of Kaleb's name. "It was great," I reply. "We beat Kamloops five to nothing. I scored two goals."

"That's awesome," she replies. Her blue eyes sparkle with pride. "Does that put West Kelowna on top?"

I beam back at her, but for an entirely different reason. She's a hockey fan and enjoys watching it. Yet she knows nothing about playing the sport, which is an entirely different experience as opposed to watching it. Instead of comparing me to men and questioning my commitment, she encourages me and supports me. As women should. If we want to back up our feminist movements and slam the patriarchy, we have to stand united. Instead of dehumanizing or disrespecting each other, we need to build each other up with respect and confidence. We need to create a strong foundation.

playing "Not quite," I reply. "According to the rumour mill, Shea managed tied up last night's game with ten seconds left. Instead of losing to Vernon, Kelowna came back in overtime and won. Kelowna's win led to them tying us for points. We're tied with Kelowna."

I don't mention Kaleb was the one who scored the game-winning-goal.

Ella raises her eyebrows as she takes a sip of her drink. "We're calling him Shea now?"

Shea Cat and Evren, who are sprawled out across Catina's bed painting their nails, induct themselves into our conversation.

"Come on, Ella," Evren snorts as she paints her thumbnail gold. "Calling him 'Shea' implies nothing. They've been French project partners for almost a month now."

"We also agreed to a truce," I add, fiddling with the strings of my hoodie. Memories flood the back of my mind with broken glass, cool tile, and the warm touch of his lips. I hope Evren, Catina, and Ella can't see the evidence of memory on my face. "We've put our differences aside because we want good grades."

Ella exchanges a knowing glance with me, her dirty blonde hair bracketing her slim cheekbones. Questions and answers fill her blue eyes. She knows something's happened, and she wants to know what. Our gaze holds for several seconds. Ella cocks a blonde brow in silent question.

Tearing my gaze from hers, I mutter a soft curse. Ella's too observant. If Hunter can see something's off with me, then Ella probably sees it in waves of colour.

Thankfully, Catina steals the spotlight. She slides off of the bed and heads to the dresser where bowls of chips, candy, and some drinks are. "I can't believe you can act civil around him. If we switched our roles, the police would be searching for his body by now."

My lips part, ready to protest. I snap them shut and bite my tongue. What am I thinking? Defending Shea will only feed their suspicions.

Catina waggles her fingers above the collection of drinks and mickey of vodka before selecting an unknown can. I don't see what it is until she's turned around and has tossed it at me. Leaning forward, I catch the can before it thumps against the grey hardwood.

thumps

"Nice throw, Cat," I drawl, turning the can over in my hands. It's a fizzy, peach-flavoured Black Fly gin soda—my favourite. The can feels heavy in my palm. Drinking wasn't in my books, but it might ease some tension from my muscles. I crack the can open and take a long sip. The drink is so fizzy it stings, but the sweetness of the peach flavouring remedies the sting. I stare at the can. "Damn. This drink is dangerous. It doesn't taste like alcohol at all."

Evren raises her red plastic cup in a toast. "That's the point. It makes the experience much more relaxing." She wrinkles her nose. "Imagine getting wasted on shots of tequila."

However, despite the yummy taste, I'm hesitant to bring the can to my lips again. Although the drink tastes good, I'm not sure I want to feel the effects of alcohol; the lack of control over my mind and mouth. Just then, a memory slithers into the back of my mind, including the emotions I felt. I'll never admit it aloud, but watching the Canucks game with Shea was awesome. I felt relaxed and happy; tension didn't exist.

Glancing at my Apple Watch, I notice I've almost doubled my goals for today. Maybe taking a break and unwinding wouldn't be so bad. I'm nervous about drinking, but I know I can trust my friends. Also, I need to prevent myself from thinking about the other memory that continues to haunt me.

I toss back another sip.

Cat shrugs, her black hair adapting to her movements; it flows like water around her shoulders. "Tequila is delicious—if you know how to make a proper margarita."

A devilish grin spreads across Evren's perfectly painted plum lips. Even when we're having a sleepover, she looks sophisticated. Her gold hoop earrings match the golden threads of her blazer, which pairs beautifully with her black yoga pants and white turtleneck camisole. She leans over the bed and grabs her bag.

"Lucky for you ladies," she continues. From the bag, she removes a mickey of tequila. It contains enough booze for each of us to have a drink. "I know how to make amazing margaritas."

amazing Ella wrinkles her nose. "Where did you get all this alcohol?"

"Older sisters," Evren and Catina say in unison.

Ella and I exchange a glance. Although Ella has a younger sister, she can understand the lack of an older sibling. We shrug and turn back to Evren and Cat. They're bickering over which is the better flavour for a margarita: lime or coconut.

Leaning back, I take another sip of my drink, unsure of where this night is going to go.

* * *

"Seriously, though," Cat slurs. She elbows me in the ribs. "Back me up on this, Bren. Men wearing flannels with the sleeves rolled past their elbows, who have tattoos on their forearms and wear glasses, are fucking hot. You can't deny that."

Smacking my lips together, I set my drink down and nod, raising one finger. "Okay, I can't deny that. Have you ever read Kiss My Cupcake by Helena Hunting? I swooned over Ronan." I pause, tapping my fingers against the pillow spread across my lap. " But , have you ever witnessed a man wearing grey sweats with a tight-fitting white T-shirt? It's incredible."

Kiss My Cupcake swooned But Evren wrinkles her nose. "Like ovary-scrambling incredible, or just incredible?"

A picture of Shea flitters across my mind. I'm still sober enough to not mention his name. "It depends on the man," I reply. Shea's face pops into my head, which is why I chug the last of my drink. Tonight, I'm blurring him from my mind. I made the executive decision.

Rolling off of the bed, my knees slide down to the hardwood and I ease to my feet. The room sways as I stumble over to the dresser. When I catch my reflection in the mirror, I notice how flushed my skin is from the alcohol. Thank God Mom is okay with me drinking in moderation. Although I'm going to be hungover tomorrow, she'll brush it away with reasonings like At least you were safe or As long as you stayed at Catina's house . I also texted her with an update, so that's that.

At least you were safe As long as you stayed at Catina's house

I grab another drink, popping the can open. I consume half the drink before I'm at the bed. There has to be a way to get Shea out of my head. To prevent these types of conversations. Every time Cat mentions a hot book character, my mind, by default, obsesses over Shea. Over how soft and warm his lips were when we kissed.

"How does it depend on the man?" Ella asks. She's been nursing the same drink since I arrived. AKA, she's sober as hell. It makes me jealous.

With no grace, I flop onto the bed. My drink fizzes, some bubbles sloshing over the edge and spotting Cat's duvet cover. "It depends on your preferences. Do you want him for the looks? Blond? Brunet? Tattoos or no? Or do you forgo the looks and depend on the personality? A combination of both? Your preferences can increase the emphasis of an outfit."

"I'll drink to that," Cat agrees.

"Same," Evren nods.

We knock together our drinks and then take a sip. Well... I chug the rest of mine, the peachy sweetness saturating my tongue.

"What's your preference, Ev?" Cat asks.

Evren taps her bottom lip with a gold nail. Her fresh manicure glitters. "Jeans, a wooly grey turtleneck, and a vintage suede jacket. You know? The kind that looks like leather, but isn't? I also like earthy-tone scarves. What about you?"

Catina flops against the pillows and stares at the ceiling. Her gaze is foggy from the haze of alcohol. "There are so many types. But if I had to choose, it would be the flannel and jeans with Timberland boots. Lumberjack style."

"That's so Canadian," I snort, grabbing a handful of ketchup chips. "Okay, if you could marry any character from a book who would it be?"

"Manon Blackbeak," Evren replies. "I read little, but you got me hooked on that series, Bren. Manon is a badass bitch and no one can tell me otherwise. You?"

"Elias from An Ember in the Ashes ," I slur, resting my chin on my fist. "He melts my heart. Cat?"

An Ember in the Ashes "Alex Waters," she smirks. "Any man that has his dick referred to as 'Monster Cock' is perfect in my books. Ella?"

Ella ponders her options for several seconds. "I would have to choose Kaz Brekker. I like the dark, brooding type. He's also deeply devoted to his friends. Loyal."

"Of course you do," Cat giggles, passing me another drink. It's one of her lemon drop martinis, but it's still alcohol. Even if it makes my lips pucker. "Kaleb Jones fits that description perfectly. Hell, they kind of look similar. Though, Kaleb's face is much softer."

Evren uses aggression and nudges her.

"Ow!" Cat exclaims, rubbing her side.

"Cat," Ev hisses. "Don't be rude."

Ella stays silent as she curves into herself. If she pushes back any harder, she's going to become part of the wall. I feel bad for her—she was happy with Kaleb.

Feeling bad for discussing boys in front of her, I toss back the drink, my lips turning looser and looser by the second. I'm not sure how many drinks I've had. More than enough, thanks to the buzz in my head. Falling backward, I revel in the comfort of Catina's millions of pillows. Some of them are fuzzy. Some are soft... Soft like Shea's lips.

"I kissed Shea Smith," I announce.

It wasn't supposed to leave my mouth, but the attention needs to be removed from Ella and Kaleb's fallout. It's not fair to Ella. Besides, I can handle this conversation now that I'm fuelled by liquid confidence.

Ella, Evren, and Cat go silent, the three of them gaping at me.

"What?" Catina asks. Any slurring that was previously present is gone. "What the hell did you just say?"

"I kissed him," I hiccup. "He's a superb kisser."

Ella, who is more concerned than amused, leans over and takes my drink from me. "I think we've had enough alcohol for one night, Brenna. How about some water?" She leaves the reading nook and swipes a plastic cup from the dresser before exiting the bedroom. Her retreating footsteps echo down the hallway.

Water would be a good idea, but it's a little too late. "I kissed him"—I press my pointer finger to my lips—"right on the lips. And do you know what the worst part is?"

Evren and Cat shake their heads.

"I'd kiss him again," I admit.

"How did this happen?" Evren asks. "What made you kiss him? In case you've forgotten, he's an asshole. He doesn't deserve a chance with you, let alone any girl." Pausing, she pops a chip in her mouth and chews. "He is good-looking, but looks don't make up for the negative traits of someone's personality. Especially when they're disrespectful, sexist, and indifferent."

Especially I stare down at my half-empty cup—or is it half-full? Wait. I don't have a cup in my hands. Or a can. I frown at my empty hands. Huh. Maybe I need some water.

"He's not completely sexist. He never told me I shouldn't be playing hockey. He just didn't—doesn't?—want me playing with the boys. Our truce has... complicated things."

completely Cat grabs a handful of peanut M&Ms from the bag and tosses them in her mouth. She doesn't speak until she's chewed and swallowed. "Who started the kiss?"

"Shea," I reply.

"Hmm..." Cat says.

Evren echoes her.

My eyes flutter shut again. "And I kissed him back. Though... I wasn't sure where to put my hands. What do you do when you kiss a boy? Do you just leave your hands in your lap? Or put them on his shoulders? I was so confused."

It's hard to tell if my friends are surprised, appalled, or disappointed. Even when they chuckle, I can't tell if they're nervous or if their amusement is genuine.

"So..." Cat drawls. "You kissed him back?"

"I did," I nod, opening my eyes. I keep my gaze locked on the ceiling, not wanting to make eye contact with either of them. "I think it was more out of shock, though. I wasn't expecting him to kiss me. But..."

Evren blinks. "You didn't push him away."

"No," I reply.

My friends fade off into silence until Ella returns with my water. She presses it into my hands and says, "Drink." She's slightly breathless from the two sets of stairs. Catina's house is annoying. Three floors with lots of stairs. Too many stairs. My thighs are always burning by the time I reach Cat's room on the top floor.

Ella's intense gaze meets mine for several seconds. I know this conversation isn't over; she wants to talk to me about Shea. After dating Kaleb for a few years, she's knowledgeable about KJ and everyone on his team, including Shea. Maybe she wants to warn me.

I scoff. It's not like I have feelings for him. Sure, the kiss was good and his mouth tasted even better. But I would never actually date him.

date Would I?

Would I? I'm too drunk to answer.

"Why don't we direct the conversation elsewhere?" Ella asks, turning to Cat and Evren. "This is one we need to have when we're all sober." She holds out her hand. "Give me your phones. What Brenna admitted isn't leaving this room until we've had a proper discussion."

all Cat and Ev sigh, but hand over their phones. I toss mine onto the bed, watching as Ella scoops it up. I'm glad she's taking my phone. My hands are itching to text Shea and ask him why he kissed me. Which would probably be a mistake.

"Good," Ella smiles, tucking the phones in her bag. "Now, who else wants some water?"





17




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Shea

Shea Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Fuck is the word that continues to repeat. It's like whenever Call Me Maybe plays on the radio—I can't get the fucking song out of my head.

Fuck Call Me Maybe With sweat dripping down my temples, I shift into another squat, adjusting the grip on the bar across my back. The weights on each end are heavy, representing seventy percent of my body weight. As much as I hate back squats, they're the foundation for my exercise routine. I thought the burning muscles in my thighs and arms would be enough of a distraction. They should be enough of a distraction. I've done over fifty squats and my thighs are trembling; I want to collapse to the floor.

should Why did I kiss Brenna?

Why did I kiss Brenna? Goddamn it.

Gritting my teeth, I raise to the resting position, and then squat again. Sweat slides down my temples. My thighs shake. I'm tempted to throw the bar across the room. Maybe shatter the mirrors in front of me. I haven't been able to keep eye contact with my reflection for over two seconds. All I see are my stupid decisions.

Fucking Harrison. She always gets in my way.

"Kid."

Tearing my gaze away from the black floor, I make eye contact with Coach. He's wearing his typical tracksuit, his last name embroidered on the left side of his chest. His peppered hair is combed back, and the hard lines on his face look rougher thanks to the blinding fluorescent lighting. A clipboard sits in his right hand. He holds a pen in his left.

"Yeah?" I ask. My voice shakes as I push to a standing position. Sweat soaks the back of my shirt.

"Go join Jones and Miller on the track. Do a light—and I mean light jog. You're overworking yourself."

light I open my mouth to protest.

He raises his pen. "Not another word, Smith. Track. Now ."

Now I hold his intimidating gaze for several seconds, challenging him. He doesn't back down. Sighing, I carefully set the barbell down and return the weight plates to the rack in the corner. As I'm crossing the gym, I mumble an unappreciative thanks to Coach. He claps me on the shoulder with the clipboard, grinning. He knows how much I dislike running indoors. Especially that goddamned track above the two indoor soccer fields. Last time, Coach made me sprint the whole damn track. He pushed me until I completed the circle in under two minutes.

But that's not why I hate the track. Ironically, running and jogging inside are my least favourite forms of exercise. I would rather spend time naturally building my muscles via weight training. I'll run or jog if I have to, but I'm picky. I prefer jogging the hiking trails in Rose Valley or along Mission Creek Greenway. An indoor track, even if music is drowning out my surroundings or I'm able to watch indoor soccer games going on below, makes me feel confined.



But Coach wants me to jog.

After I've gathered my belongings, I head for the door that connects the main gym to the track. While I'm crossing the area covered in mats, where Connor and a few other guys are stretching, I keep my head down. I ignore their invasive glares. Using my Gatorade towel, I wipe the sweat from my forehead.

"Smith! How's Jayden?" Connor calls.

I clench my fist around my water bottle. If Coach's eyes weren't drilling into me, I'd toss the bottle at Watt's head. Maybe it would concuss him. Maybe he'd sit out for a month or two.

Fucking asshole.

Pausing, I glance over my shoulder and send him a sardonic smirk. "He's here, isn't he?"

The malicious grin on his face fades, replaced by a frown. Pushing his buttons isn't smart, but hockey gods help me, I want to throttle him. A man who takes pride in hurting his teammates doesn't deserve to play hockey. It's a team sport. I'm not sure where Connor's hatred for me stems from. I can only assume it's because Coach chose me as captain instead of him.

Our gazes stay locked for several seconds, representing a silent challenge. I want him to attack. Punching him would make me feel better. He deserves some bruises. Even if I come out with worse injuries than him.

"Smith!" Coach barks.

I roll my eyes and continue across the room. I open the door, stepping onto the track. I'm welcomed by the sound of soccer balls slamming against the plastic boards and girls shouting. Feet pounding against the track as KJ and Jayden race against each other. They're on the far side. Leaning against the wall, hidden from view of the windows, I decide to wait for them to arrive.

While they're racing to each corner, I wrack my brain for a solution to my Connor-Brenna problem. Pairing their names together makes me cringe, but it speaks the truth. Connor's stupid bet has caused problems with Brenna. I don't want to associate myself with her over a bet. But nor do I want KJ or Jayden to be harmed.

I could tell Coach about what Connor did to Jayden. But what proof do I have? And what the hell could Coach do? Although his attitude stinks, Connor is a good goalie. All he'd receive is a slap on the wrist. Maybe a suspension for an x-amount of games. The punishment wouldn't change Connor. It'd fuel him. He'd come back with a vengeance. A shudder reverberates down my spine. I fear for KJ and Jayden. If I decide to not follow through with the bet...

Jayden and KJ sprint to the far left corner. Jayden wins again.

I take a deep breath, inhaling the stale smell of sweat and artificial grass. Soccer balls banging against the plastic boards echoes through the spacious area. Stress weighs on my shoulders. It's wrong to pull Brenna into this disaster. I can see that now. I wish I would've never gone to that party. Never touched the alcohol. I'm ridden with guilt.

They make it to the next corner, Jayden winning by a split second. I watch as the two of them line up. Within seconds, they're sprinting towards me. For the first five metres, KJ has the lead.

When they skid to a stop in front of me, Jayden winning by a hairline.

"Fuck," KJ curses, leaning over. His elbows rest on his thighs as he tries to catch his breath. "You beat me every time."

Jayden leans against the pillar, a tired smirk on his face. "Of course I did."

While they have their brief conversation, I get lost in my thoughts. Kissing Brenna wasn't smart. At first, I did it to shut her up. The last thing she expected me to do was kiss her. I thought she'd stop pushing me.



Things changed when she kissed me back. When I touched her curved cheekbone. I can still feel the heat of her skin beneath my thumb. Still taste the cucumber melon lip balm she was wearing.

After the kiss, when I realized what I'd done, I felt nothing but shame. I knew the risks. Brenna wasn't the only one who received a warning when she joined the boys' league. Brenna is to be treated fairly and viewed as another player. We received a severe warning about becoming romantically involved with her. No dating. No kissing. We aren't even supposed to think about it.

think about No bending or breaking the rules.

If we ever did, our spots on the team would be compromised. As would Brenna's.

Again, I'm ridden with guilt.

Which is strange. Days ago, I would've done anything to have her removed from the team. I could've lied and called her out for trying to make a move on me. Knowing she plays in the same league still pisses me off. But I'm trying—I'm really trying to change my perception. Especially after the comment she made about Chelsea. And our conversation in the cafeteria.

Yet I made a foolish decision. If word gets out about me kissing Brenna, there's going to be hell to pay.

I close my eyes and knock my head against the wall.

I'm a fucking idiot.

Why didn't I realize it before?

Connor knows the consequences that will follow if I'm caught with Brenna outside of hockey, school, and socializing. After being favoured for captaincy, he wants me out of the league. He wants there to be a stain on my record. Connor sees me as a threat. Fuck, I'll bet he kept nudging my injured shoulder to prolong my time off the ice. He wants me out of the eyes of the scouts. That has to be why he's targeting me.

Bastard.

His motives must run deeper, though. Why drag Brenna into this? She isn't a threat to scouting. Scouts who come to games are looking for NHL material. Brenna... she's not there. Women don't have a professional hockey league. I'll admit she has skill, but unless she can make a university team, her only other option is the Winter Olympics. She couldn't make a living off of hockey.

My thoughts sound rude and discriminatory, but they're the bitter truth.

"Christ, Smith," Jayden says. "I haven't seen you out here for years. What happened to squats?"

Opening my eyes, I glance between KJ and Jayden. They're both sweaty and panting. Jayden is leaning against the pillar. KJ is sitting down, stretching out his leg muscles.

KJ grins as he leans over and grabs his feet, pressing his chest to his thighs. "Bet Coach forced him out here." He glances at me. "Am I correct?"

"Yeah," I reply, rolling my eyes. "He said I was overworking myself."

Jayden laughs and shakes his head. "Coach has a point. Squats kill me, man. I don't know how you're able to walk."

I shrug. My thigh muscles are powerful, the reason behind why I can skate so fast. I want to keep them that way. "Connor was staring me down, too."

Jayden's face darkens. Although the doc cracked his nose back into place (figuratively speaking), the bruising is still prominent. Even beneath the splint he's wearing. He was cleared for training and hockey, but he's missed a game and a few practices. I applaud him for making that decision. Putting yourself at risk when you're already injured isn't smart. He probably shouldn't be sprinting, but it's better than playing hockey, where a broken nose is almost guaranteed in your lifetime.



"I hate that bastard," he spits.

"Who doesn't?" KJ snorts. He pulls one leg to his chest and positions it over his left thigh, turning in the opposite direction. His back cracks as he does so. "So, have you thought of any ideas? How are we stopping the bet? It's obvious Brenna doesn't deserve this shit." He nods at Jayden's nose. "We all know you don't want to be part of it. Hence the reason Connor attacked his teammate."

"We?" I frown. "What are you talking about?"

"Please," Jayden says, crossing his arms. He pushes from the pillar and joins KJ on the ground. "You don't think we're leaving you to deal with Connor alone, do you?"

My gaze flicks between Jayden and KJ as I sit down. We're in the corner closest to the door. If Coach comes out, I might as well look like I'm prepping for jogging or sprinting. Whatever I decide to do. Once I'm seated, I shift into a stretching position, placing my right foot on the other side of my left thigh. It feels good after assaulting my lower body with squats. I like the burn of sore, tired muscles. What doesn't feel good is involving KJ and Jayden in this drama. It makes me wary. I got myself into this mess. It's my problem to deal with. Connor never told me about the consequences should I fail. It's too risky to involve my friends.

"You can't," I say, keeping my voice firm. My gaze flicks to Jayden's bruised nose. The collage of colours makes my stomach flip. When Connor attacked him, I didn't do enough for him. Connor loves dishing out consequences. I could've at least warned Jayden or had the same level of guts Brenna did when she prevented me from punching Tucker. "If Connor finds out you're scheming with me..."

I'm scared Connor will permanently sideline one of them.

Jayden shrugs. "It's not bad, Shea. My family doctor cleared me for training. I opted out of playing to reduce the risk of my injury becoming worse. Why don't we tell someone about Connor? He's being abusive. He doesn't deserve to get away with this shit."

"He doesn't," KJ nods, "but we've got a problem. We know what happens if we're caught being more-than-friendly with Brenna. Even if Shea was drunk when he agreed to the bet, he still agreed. Agreeing could be enough to turn the tables on us."

"But Connor beat up his own teammate," I argue, gesturing to Jayden's nose. "And... And I have done nothing with Brenna. We've been hanging out because we're partners in French."

The lie tastes terrible on my tongue. I glance down at my hands. Kissing her was a mistake—even if I enjoyed it. Even if it shut her up. It's funny how she can push people, but she can't take it. She doesn't enjoy someone telling her what to do. She doesn't enjoy hearing opinions when they aren't synchronous with hers. The first time I was over, she wasn't keen on heading inside. It's as if she doesn't know how to relax.

She's a contradiction that piques my interest.

"Connor also has allies that will support him," Jayden says softly, switching legs. He leans forward and grabs his foot. "He'll frame you as the villain. I can already hear him telling Coach you agreed to manipulate Brenna into bed."

Silence washes over us, save for the soccer games going on. KJ and Jayden stare at me.

I blink. Silence is the only response I offer. How am I supposed to respond? Either way, I'm fucked. Frustrated, I run a hand through my hair. If we blab, Connor will fight back. He will ruin my chances at being scouted, and Brenna will be removed from the league. We'll also be labelled as snitches.

"You know," KJ says, climbing to his feet. He stretches out his arms. "What they're doing to Brenna is sexist. Why does dating one of us matter? She contributes to the team and has the skill to play hockey..." He trails off, shaking his head. "It's fucked up. That would be like them telling me I can't date because it would distract me from the game."



I open my mouth, ready to voice my agreement. Dating is a distraction. A waste of time. I can see the point he's making, though. These rules, the ones Brenna and I bent, are stupid. Hockey is about skill and contribution. But dating isn't my thing.

is are KJ holds up his hand. "Keep your mouth shut, Smith. We all know where you stand on romance."

Laughing, I drop my face into my hands and rub my tired eyes. Now that I've sat down, my legs are aching.

Jayden stares down at me. "Do you need help up?"

I drop my hands from my face. "No." To prove my point, I stand up with a grunt. My thighs burn and my muscles ache. I grit my teeth.

"You look like an old man." Snorting, KJ imitates leaning over a walking stick while clutching his lower back.

"Shut up, Jones," I mutter, shaking my muscles loose. "Coach may have been correct, though. About overworking myself."

"Sometimes you win, and sometimes you learn," Jayden shrugs. He claps me on the back. "Race you to the end?"

Feeling weathered, I glance at the stretch of track ahead. Its distance looks longer than it did five minutes ago. My shoulders slump as I walk up next to Jayden. I'm losing this race, no matter what, but I might as well run. Coach is probably watching us.

"Fine," I sigh.

"Jones," Jayden calls over his shoulder. "Count us down."

KJ counts down from three, and then we're off. I try to match Jayden stride-for-stride, but my muscles feel like jelly. Odds are I'm sleeping on the living couch tonight—the stairs will be impossible to climb. Jayden knocks his fist against the far wall three seconds before I do.

After we've caught our breath, Jayden knocks his shoulder against mine. "It's a wonder you can keep up to Brenna on the ice. Yet you lose to me on the track." He heads over to the railing.

"Probably because she's not—"

I bite my tongue. It's an effort to hold back the sexist comment sitting on my tongue, but I have to. Although I support my sister, my actions account for nothing. Effort has to be inclusive instead of exclusive. Just like Brenna said.

Jayden pauses next to me, mid-step, a skeptical look on his face.

"What?" I snap.

He stares for several seconds before a cheeky grin crosses his face. "What's with the sudden vibe switch, Smith?"

My cheeks flush pink, and I turn away, ready to sprint. Fuck this. If Coach won't let me do squats until my biceps are shaking and my thigh muscles have given out, I'll fucking sprint. If my thigh muscles have been overworked, then they can suck it up and stop whining. I'll sprint.

Jayden grabs my shoulder and spins me around, the cheeky grin still present. "Holy fuck," he says. "What did you two do?"

"Nothing," I reply too quickly. "What makes you assume something happened between Brenna and I?"

He cocks an eyebrow. "Never thought I'd see the day Shea Smith panicked over something."

Rolling my eyes, I shrug his hand from my shoulder. "Nothing happened."

"Bullshit," Jayden laughs. "You had something to say, yet you stopped yourself. Why?"

"I kissed her!" I snap, throwing my hands up in the air. Although I want to be pissed off, it feels like I have removed a weight from my shoulders. My tense muscles relax and my voice softens. "I kissed her."



Jayden's mouth drops open.

"You did WHAT?!" KJ exclaims as he joins us. "Who did you kiss?"

"Brenna Harrison," Jayden replies.

They exchange a look before staring me down.

My cheeks flare. "I-I was t-trying to shut her up!" I sputter, clamping down on my emotions. Do I regret kissing her? Yes—but only because my actions could cause me to lose my spot on the team. Or cause her to lose hers. Would I kiss her again? Yeah, maybe I'm a little addicted to that cucumber melon lip balm.

Big fucking deal.

How many more times can I swear? I think I've set a record.

How many more times can I swear? I think I've set a record. "What an excellent excuse," KJ drawls. "Are you going through with the bet?"

excellent "No!" I exclaim.

"Then why'd you kiss her?" Jayden asks.

I run a hand through my hair again. How do I explain it? Brenna... I'm enjoying time with her. After our conversation in the cafeteria, there's still tension between us, but it's as if we've come to a mutual understanding. We're competitive, yet we fuel each other to be better hockey players. Brenna and I also have a history. We used to be friends. Perhaps there's a part of me that longs for those days. Or maybe I'm realizing liking someone is easier than hating them.

Yet there is still that stubborn part of me that's jealous. Who thinks she belongs in her own league. A part I'm trying to exterminate. Somehow, I need to appreciate the move she's making to raise awareness about women's hockey. If my hockey options were restricted, I wouldn't be happy.

"I don't know," I sigh, ignoring the small smile on KJ's lips. "It was the heat of the moment. She kept pestering me about responsibilities I shouldn't hold and toxic masculinity shit. I just... I wanted her to shut up."

That's not the truth. I wanted her to shut up, yes. But Brenna also called out the bullshit I've been dealing with. Her comment was low, but she made a valid point. I'm dealing with responsibilities I shouldn't have to at this age. My post-secondary life shouldn't be questionable. It gave me the impression she cared, and that got to my head. Badly. Unlike KJ and Jayden, who usually give up after I shut them down, she continued to pester me. I guess I kind of liked it.

The picture she has doesn't help, either.

I still want to know why she has it hung on her wall.

Brenna also kissed me back. She didn't curse my name or shove me away. It makes me wonder...

I shake my head, eliminating the thought.

Leaning against a large pillar, Jayden crosses his arms. He looks smug, which causes me to grind my teeth. "So... you kissed her because she called you out?"

I stare down at the two indoor soccer fields. They're surrounded by netting and plastic boards. The last time I played soccer there was ten years ago. When I was seven. Dad wanted me to pick a sport. I couldn't decide between soccer and hockey. I thought I would be a good soccer goalie, so I opted to play goal that day. My opinion changed after a soccer ball hit my face and gave me black eye.

Resting my elbows on the railing, I press my forehead against the cool metal. "I don't know, okay?" I groan. "I just did. It was impulsive and wrong. It will not happen again." Fixing my posture, I glance at my friends. "You won't say anything, will you?"

Both of them look offended.

"Seriously?" Jayden asks.

"Fuck you, Smith," KJ says, "for even asking that question."



I raise my hands. "Sorry."

"Yeah, man," Jayden says, adjusting the collar of his sweaty grey T-shirt. "You should be. We wouldn't sell you out. Just... tread carefully. Don't let this French project and truce turn into something or else Connor will strike. If worse comes to worst, you'll be off the team."

I rub the heel of my hand against my jaw. "I know."

KJ looks like he's about to say something, but before he can, Coach shouts: "Jones, Miller, and Smith! Quit wasting time! Get back to work!"

We look to where Coach is standing. He's across from us, staring out over the railing with his clipboard under his arm. The three of us nod when he taps his watch and turns around.

"Oh," Coach adds. "And Smith?"

"Yeah?" I shout.

"I said jog ."

jog I roll my eyes and turn to the track, pushing away from the railing. I figured he was watching us. Before we break into a jog, we exchange a glance. Jayden doesn't look pleased. KJ looks cautious.

I don't know what emotion my face holds. If I were to hazard a guess, though, I'd say it resembles a mix of stress and exhaustion.

There has to be a solution to this mess.

* * *

After our training session, KJ and Jayden invite me out for dinner. There's a new vegan place in Kelowna that's supposed to be delicious. None of us are vegans, but we're open to trying new things. We've tested out many different restaurants. I, of course, can't make it. I've got a four-hour shift I need to cover at the café. I tell them to stop by for a coffee later. Closer to when customers are nonexistent. When I can get away with scrolling through my Instagram feed or sitting on my ass and doing nothing.

As I'm heading across the parking lot to my vehicle, I notice Connor loitering around the bus stop. Gym bag slung over my shoulder, I change my route and head in his direction. There's a question burning on my tongue. Several are, but one in particular.

"Smith," he says when I've planted myself in front of him. "How's Miller?"

"What happens if I fail the bet?" I ask through gritted teeth.

Connor's eyes trail down my track jacket, stopping at the embroidered "C." It's a resemblance of my captaincy. Something I know Connor wanted.

"You didn't learn your lesson?" he asks.

I keep my gaze level with his, refusing to back down. I should be suffering from a broken nose. Not Jayden. I need to make a point. I motion between us. "This bet," I say, "it's between us, Connor. Leave KJ and Jayden alone. If you leave them alone, I'll..." I trail off.

He cocks an eyebrow. "Continue."

Rubbing the back of my neck, I expel a heavy sigh. "I'll resign from captaincy and recommend to Coach you take the position."

His eyebrows raise in surprise. He's shocked. I can't say I'm not shocked, either. Giving up captaincy is taking a piece of my soul. It physically and emotionally pains me. Unlike Connor, I earned the title. He's using manipulation to gain it. It's unfair, but I'll give it up if it means Jayden and KJ will be okay. Every time I see the bruises on Jayden's nose, I feel sick to my stomach.

He leans against the sheltered bus stop. There's an ad for Orchard Park Mall behind him. It's a plum-purple with a shopping bag and an apple. The typical symbol for anything in the Okanagan: a piece of fruit. "I don't want your captaincy, Smith. You shook on the bet. It's time to follow through."



"I don't want to!" I snap. The control over my temper is fraying. "Why can't you get that through your goddamn head? You know exactly what will happen if someone catches me sidling up to Brenna. Why do you want me off of the team?"

Connor snorts and sets his gym bag down. He crosses his arms. "That's far from my goal. I'll be scouted before anyone on this team. What I don't want is Harrison fucking up our shot at winning the playoffs. A win means more publicity for us."

"Don't put me in the same category as you," I growl. "How do I play into this? What is my role supposed to be?"

Shrugging, Connor throws his shoulders back and stretches his arms out. "You're thick-skulled, Smith. Harrison is a girl . Manipulate her into thinking you love her, break her heart..." He throws his hands up, a crazed grin on his face. "She doesn't have it in her to play hockey anymore. It will solidify our chances at winning."

girl I roll my eyes, tightening my jacket around me. A chilly breeze has picked up, causing a shiver to shake my body. The darkening sky also reminds me I'm running out of time.

"I knew that part," I say. My drunken mind thought that when the bet started. "Why me ? What role do I play, Connor? You could've challenged Jayden or KJ or anyone else on the team. I know I made a comment that helped prompt the situation, but..." I toe the sidewalk, the noise of gravel grating against cement filling my ears. "But you despise me, Connor. This isn't a coincidence or convenience."

me Connor closes the space between us. "Your little sob stories are tiresome, Smith. A weakness. One you shouldn't have revealed. You'll do anything to get out of here, won't you? Pull Harrison in, keep it a secret, and then break her heart. Follow through, and I will keep my mouth shut. Therefore, you have a better chance of getting to Boston. If your parents don't fuck you over first."

I step back as if someone has slapped me. He must've overheard a previous conversation. The manipulative bastard.

Before I can say another word, Connor's bus pulls up, and he leans down to grab his gym bag. As he boards, flashing his bus pass, he never breaks eye contact with me. A silent challenge.

When the doors close and the bus leaves, I expel a soft curse, tugging at my hair. Although this bet isn't in my favour, I have to give him props. He thought this shit out. He's cut off every route. If I tell someone about what's going on, Connor will frame me. He didn't need to say it—it was written on his face. If I don't follow through, he'll ruin me and Brenna.

and Turning around, I head to my vehicle, pondering the desperate options I never wanted to think about. What are the odds Brenna will help me if I tell her what's going on? A truce isn't a viable reason to team up. And playing a fake couple is so overworked. So cliché.

Even if she agreed, she wouldn't drop her hockey stick when playoffs came along.

She'd punch me for even suggesting it.

Groaning, I unlock the vehicle. I toss my gym bag into the backseat. High school drama and other shit that fits within that category is annoying. I want to be a kid again. When responsibilities, problems, and decisions didn't weigh on my shoulders.

Climbing into the vehicle, I ignite the engine and blast the music so loud it drowns out my thoughts. I'll continue to ponder my options later. I need to get to work.

So that's what I do. The drive takes twenty minutes thanks to slow-moving traffic, but I make it. I'm even lucky enough to find a parking spot out front.

When I enter the building, Noah waves at me from behind the counter. He's ringing up an elderly couple that comes in every Friday night for tea and biscuits. I remember them because they love honey drizzled over the biscuits. It's funny how you remember the usuals and their strange orders.



Heading into the back, I slip into the change room and discard my sweaty gym clothes. I pull on a pair of weathered jeans, a black T-shirt, and make sure my shoes are clean. When I'm walking down the hallway, back to where Noah is, I grab an apron from the hanger.

"How was training?" Noah asks when I step into the workspace.

"Great," I mumble, pulling on the apron. It's stained with splotches of coffee. My grandma is probably rolling around in her grave. You never serve customers with a dirty apron.

But I'm too exhausted to care.

Sighing, I fasten my name tag onto my apron and start my shift.

* * *

Dinner is the first thing I tackle when I arrive home. And by tackle, I mean I throw the pizza boxes on the countertop and plate Chels and I up. She's in the living room, kneeling before the coffee table. It's covered in different papers and pencil crayons of every colour, and some pencils. A hockey game is on in the background while she works on her homework. Homework I'm probably going to help her with later.

"Oooh!" she exclaims, dropping her pencil. "Pizza!"

I set the plate of Hawaiian pizza down in front of her. Three slices with the crust cut off—just the way she likes it. "Here you go, kid."

"Thanks, Shea," she smiles.

Exhausted, I flop down on the couch behind her. Five slices of deluxe Hawaiian pizza are piled high on my plate. I glance down at the food, noting the cheese, jalapeños, mushrooms, ham, and pineapple. My stomach grumbles. People can say what they want about pineapple being on pizza, but I enjoy it. Besides, people disliking it means more for me. So who's really winning here?

I'm also so hungry I could eat a sock and be satisfied. After training, I snuck a carrot muffin at work. But that's it.

For the first five minutes, Chelsea and I eat in silence while watching the Canucks and Habs game. When Montréal scores, I groan. It was a terrible goal right through the five-hole. Although I've missed half of the game, I can tell the Canucks are slacking tonight. I wonder if Brenna is watching and thinking the same thing. At her house, our perception of the game seemed pretty parallel.

After I've devoured three slices of pizza and am no longer hangry, I nudge Chelsea's leg with my foot. "How was school today?"

She sets her pizza down and glances at me. There's sauce on the corner of her mouth, which makes me chuckle. Before things went to shit, Mom always used to say messy eaters enjoy their food more. I like to believe that. "It was okay," Chels shrugs. Her sandy-blonde bangs tangle with her lashes as she looks down, picking at her food. "Mom and Dad were fighting when they picked me up."

I suppress a groan, wishing I had the guts to call them out on their shit. Ever since our parents started fighting, they've been opposite to what parents should be. There are days where they attempt to act civilized. Their attempts never end well. I can't imagine how Chels felt sitting in the back of the car while Mom and Dad were caught in a stupid disagreement.

"I'm sorry, Chels," I say.

Her bottom lip trembles. "Why are they fighting? Did I do something?"

"No," I reply, my voice firm. "Chelsea Smith, n ever blame yourself for their problems. Okay?"

ever Whether it's the firmness of my voice or the relief on her face that drives her to nod, I'll never know. Our gazes stay locked, and I can tell she's having an inner battle. She wants to believe my statement, but she also doesn't understand the dynamics of a relationship. That it's Mom and Dad who are having issues—not her and our parents.



"What homework are you doing?" I ask, changing the subject.

Chelsea pushes her plate away and picks up the paper. She holds the flimsy product up, and I squint at it. The title of her worksheet says Multiplying with whole tens . "Math," she replies. "Multiplication. I hate math."

Multiplying with whole tens "Do you need help?" I ask.

While she's contemplating her answer, I take another bite of pizza. Tonight, the jalapeños are extra spicy, making my mouth burn. Jayden introduced me to ham, pineapple, mushrooms, and jalapeños two years ago. Ever since then, I've been hooked. I'd been hoping Jayden and KJ would stop by the café tonight, but they didn't. Discussing viable options regarding my Connor problem needs to happen soon. Telling Brenna sounds appealing, but I'm worried exhaustion has made me loopy. I need a full stomach and twelve-hour sleep before I attack this annoying problem.

"I don't think so," my sister replies.

Her voice shakes as she speaks.

"Hey," I say, setting my plate down. As usual, I took too much food. There's still a piece of untouched pizza on my plate. "What's wrong? You can talk to me."

She shakes her head and grabs a slice of pizza, stuffing her mouth. I'm about to make a sarcastic comment about how mature she is when I realize I'd probably do the same. Nothing buys time like stuffing your mouth full of food.

As she chews, her eyes fill with tears.

I glance around the living room, noting her homework and the drama she experienced today. The pressure on my shoulders has distracted me from my surroundings. Today was hard for Chels. Talking about homework, which is stressful, isn't helping. My sister needs a break.

"I'll finish it before bed," Chelsea says, picking up a pen. "Dad said I have to. I'm not allowed to go in the hot tub until I finish."

What am I doing?

What am I doing? I decide tomorrow isn't about babysitting. We're not staying cooped up in the house. She needs a distraction from all the shit going on in this toxic environment.

She's done enough homework for the night. "Chels," I say, collecting our plates. Hers is empty. Mine still has a single slice on it. "Put your homework away."

"Why?" she frowns, her innocent hazel eyes peering up at me. A tear slips down her cheek. "Dad said I have to finish."

"Well, I'm overriding Dad's orders because you've done enough. Your homework isn't due until Monday. There's nothing wrong with taking a break. You and I can have a homework day on Sunday, okay?" I pause, remembering my plans for tomorrow. Brenna's supposed to come over.

Damn it .

Damn it "Are you allowed to do that?"

"Yes," I reply, displaying confidence. "Just this once."

"Can we go in the hot tub?" she sniffles.

Testing my sore muscles, I decide that's what we're going to do. Instead of watching a hockey game or doing homework, Chels and I are going to relax in the hot tub. It'll be beneficial for my sore thighs and work as a distraction from today's drama.

I nod. "Go change into your bathing suit. We'll go in the hot tub."

"Really?" she asks, her face shining bright.

"Yeah," I yawn. "I'll clean up dinner."

Without another word, Chelsea bounds out of the living room. Her footsteps echo from the stairs. If Dad has a problem with Chelsea not doing her homework, he can talk to me. Fuck, I'll do it for her if it relieves the pressure.

Heading into the kitchen, I pack up any remaining slices of pizza in a plastic container and put it in the fridge. Next, I discard the boxes and load the dishwasher.

When all the chores are done, I remove my phone from my pocket and open my messages, tapping on Brenna's name. It's almost nine o'clock. I have two options. One, Brenna could come over tonight and we could work on the project after Chels goes to bed. Two, we could cancel this weekend. She may not take kindly to cancellations, but we still have plenty of time before the project is due. Odds are her mom will not let her come over so the second option is best. Either way, I express both options in the text.

Hey, can we switch our French project to tonight or cancel this weekend all together? I know it's last minute, but...

Hey, can we switch our French project to tonight or cancel this weekend all together? I know it's last minute, but... My fingers freeze. What do I use as an excuse? Is she going to think I'm weird for spending time with my sister?

I decide to opt for the truth.

Hey, can we switch our French project to tonight or cancel this weekend all together? I know it's last minute, but Chelsea needs a day off tomorrow.

Hey, can we switch our French project to tonight or cancel this weekend all together? I know it's last minute, but Chelsea needs a day off tomorrow. I send the message. Drawing my bottom lip between my teeth, I set my phone on the kitchen counter and wait for a response. While I'm waiting, I grab a glass of water. I sip it slowly, using the action as a distraction. The suspense is killing me. Will she agree to tonight or cancel?

Seconds turn into minutes before my phone goes off.

Sure. Right now or later?

Sure. Right now or later? Give or take, we'll probably spend half an hour in the hot tub. 9:30? We don't need to work too long on our project. Maybe just get the base down for the second section?

9:30? We don't need to work too long on our project. Maybe just get the base down for the second section? Brenna sends me a thumbs-up emoji and says she'll be over at 9:30.

I toss my phone onto the counter just as Chelsea steps into the kitchen with her bathing suit on and a towel draped over her arm. "I'm ready!" she smiles.

Though my smile is much more exhausted, I give her one in return. It's good to see the tears are gone. "I'll be right back. Why don't you pick out an aromatherapy pouch? They're in the closet."

Nodding, Chelsea sets her towel on the stool and disappears into the hallway. I hear the squeak of the closet door before she rummages through the box.

Pushing away from the counter, I exit the kitchen. I'm looking forward to relaxing in the hot tub.

If I can make it up the stairs.

If I can make it up the stairs.





18




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Brenna

Brenna I double-check the address before knocking. After convincing Mom I couldn't bail on Shea, the last thing I need is to go knocking on the wrong door. Mom wasn't pleased about me leaving, let alone going to boy's house this late. I think my only saving grace is that it's Friday. No school or practice tomorrow. I also assured her it was for our French project.

Although I hate to admit it, I admire Shea for thinking about his sister's mental health. It's great he's allocating his free time to her.

Taking a deep breath, I knock my knuckles against the cranberry-red door. All I can do now is wait.

As I'm waiting, I turn my back to the door and survey his neighbourhood. I've never liked the Kettle Valley. While the view is beautiful, houses crowd the area like sardines in a can. Living without a backyard would drive me crazy.

The click of a lock brings me back to my senses. I turn around as the door opens, staring down at the young girl before me. She's blonde with hazel eyes and a round face. Her cheeks are pink.

click "Who are you?" she asks.

"Who are you?" I blurt, caught by the element of surprise.

Several seconds tick by before realization dawns on me. I almost smack the heel of my hand against my forehead. It's Chelsea Smith. Shea's little sister. She's grown up so much since the last time I saw her, I almost didn't recognize her. Last time I was at Shea's house, Chelsea was a toddler and they lived in West Kelowna.

She looks uncomfortable, practically hidden behind the door.

"I'm Brenna," I smile. "Your brother's friend."

Chelsea frowns. The door opens a little more. She has a peach-coloured towel wrapped around her shoulders. Her hair is damp at the ends. "Shea doesn't have a girlfriend," she frowns.

"You're right, Chels," he chuckles. "I don't. Brenna is a... friend who's a girl."

His familiar voice stumbles over the word "friend."

Chelsea turns around. I look up, my breath catching in my lungs. Shea is walking down the hallway in nothing but his wet swim shorts. A towel is in his hands. He's rubbing it against the damp curls at the nape of his neck.

My eyes trail down from the towel to his broad chest. Then the toned muscle of his stomach. I have to avoid looking at his pronounced V-cut.

Cheeks burning, I bring my gaze back to his. He's standing behind Chelsea now, a hand resting on her shoulder. The towel hangs over his shoulder, catching droplets of water.

"You didn't tell me you had a friend coming over," Chelsea says.

"I have a friend coming over," he shrugs.

Chelsea punches her brother in the arm.

Shea smiles, ruffling her damp hair. "Get changed, kid."



Chelsea pouts at Shea. "I don't want to go to bed. It's the weekend."

"Did I tell you to get ready for bed?"

"No," she mumbles.

Shea gives his sister a little push. "Get going before I change my mind."

His words are enough to make Chelsea scurry down the hallway. In the distance, I hear feet padding against stairs.

"Sorry about that," Shea says. "She's a spitfire."

I adjust the strap of my bag. Now that Shea and I are alone, all I can think about is our kiss. The atmosphere feels awkward. Muddled. What was the purpose of him kissing me?

"It's okay," I shrug. "She was being smart about opening the door for strangers."

Shea mutters something like, But you're not a stranger. At least, that's what I think I hear.

But you're not a stranger. I step inside, overwhelmed by the smell of chlorine wafting from him. I try to ignore it. He turns his back to me as he shuts the door, but I don't take advantage of the situation. Instead, I kneel and untie my Converse. Gawking isn't polite.

"Where can I put my shoes?" I ask.

"Wherever," he replies. "The kitchen is at the end of the hallway to the right. I need to wipe up this water before it damages the hardwood. Meet you there?"

"Sure," I nod, keeping my gaze locked on the shoelaces. I have engraved his body into my mind.

Surveying the area, I slide my shoes under the small rectangular table along the wall. Atop it is a glass bowl with car keys and a pack of gum. A bouquet of fake flowers sits in the middle, collecting dust. The ruby-red fake petals pop against the cream-coloured walls.

After discarding my shoes, I follow Shea's instructions and take a right at the end of the hallway. The dim-lit corridor breaks out into a large open-concept kitchen. The quartz countertop reflects the pendant lighting above. Above me, the ceilings are high and vaulted. Pot-lights are above, but they're very dim. White subway tiles pattern backsplash behind the sink. All cupboards are grey and the island is large.

Shea is next to the fridge, in front of the sliding glass door that leads out onto what I'm assuming is the back patio.

"You can set your bags on the counter and get set up," Shea says. "I'll clean the water up and then get changed."

Peering over the island, I watch as Shea leans over and mops up small puddles of water with his towel. His navy blue swim shorts ride up a little on his thighs, revealing nothing but corded muscle.

I draw my bottom lip between my teeth. His fucking thighs are gorgeous. "Okay. Do you, um, have any... um... papers I could grab? Notes from our previous sessions?"

With a low groan, Shea gets to his feet, grabbing the edge of the island for support. He squeezes his eyes shut, a crease forming between his brows.

"Are you okay?" I frown. My eyes go to his shoulder, despite him not using the muscles there.

"Sore," he replies. "From today's training session. I did too many squats."

I stare at his legs. Well, that explains a lot. "Right," I nod, turning to my bag. From it, I remove my textbook and papers.

Well, that explains a lot. "My notes are on the coffee table in the living room," Shea says. "Mind grabbing them?"

Anything to get me out of here while he's wearing those goddamned shorts.

Anything to get me out of here while he's wearing those goddamned shorts. I clear my throat. "Not at all."

He runs a hand through his damp, curled hair. "Okay. I'll be back in a minute. Make yourself at home."



After Shea has exited the kitchen, I trudge to the living room. The living room is cozy thanks to the wood fireplace. Large white candles and ivy plants decorate the mantle. Framed landscape photos decorate the space above.

My eyes continue to note the details. This is the first time I've been in Shea's house since he moved to Kelowna. It's strange. Everything I see is familiar and different. The weathered leather, grey couches and sleek coffee table are in front of a flatscreen TV. It's bracketed by a white shelving unit. Books line both sides. Below, there are cupboards for storage.

Just like Shea said, his notes are on the coffee table. Wasting no time, I round up the papers and head back to the kitchen.

Shea isn't back yet, so I set up our work station as he suggested. After I've organized papers, notes, and textbooks, I climb up onto a stool at the breakfast bar. I'm not sure where Shea keeps pens and pencils. Rifling through drawers is out of the question.

Sighing, I rest my elbows against the countertop and drop my chin against my fists. The quartz is cold through the sleeves of my sweater. I glance around the kitchen, trying to shake the weirdness away. Ever since Shea kissed me, everything's felt messed up. My feelings are conflicting. I'm forbidden from kissing other hockey players—that much was clear when I joined the league. Yet, I can't prevent myself from thinking about his lips. Or questioning why he did it.

"What kind of project are you doing?"

A small cry of surprise escapes my mouth as I jump, spinning on the stool to find the source of the voice. Chelsea is back. She climbs onto the stool beside me, her gaze filled with curiosity. My heart hammers in my chest as I take a deep breath. She should've warned me. I just about had a heart attack.

"Uh... A French project," I reply. "We have to research a French-speaking area and present it."

Chelsea wrinkles her nose. "That sounds boring."

I glance down at the papers and sigh. "It is boring," I admit. "Giving in to boredom is never the answer, though. Shea and I need to pass this course to graduate."

While Chelsea looks over the notes, I get a better look at her. Chelsea and Shea hold high resemblance; it's easy to tell they're siblings. Their eyes, hair, and skin tone are enough proof. Where the difference lies is in the facial structure. Shea has sharp cheekbones and a square jaw. Chelsea's features are rounded and soft.

She pushes the notes away and turns to me, her hazel eyes flicking across my face. "Shea has friends over a lot. Why haven't I met you before?"

I open my mouth, ready to tell her we have met. Chelsea doesn't remember me because she was too young. I bite my tongue before I can speak. Telling Chelsea we've met will only cause problems. I'll have to explain why Shea and I grew apart. She'll have lots of questions. "I play hockey," I say. "My schedule is busy. There aren't many chances for me to come over."

have She cocks her head to the side. "You play hockey?"

"Yes," I nod. "With Shea."

Her lips part and her eyes widen with excitement. "You're Brenna!" she exclaims. "The girl my daddy hates! He always gets mad at Shea. He doesn't like you beating Shea in a face-off or scoring on their goalie."

Chelsea's comment shouldn't feel like a slap across the face, but it does. A crease forms between my brows. Once again, my feelings conflict. I'm glad Shea's dad hates me. He seems like a prick, anyway. Knowing I'm the catalyst behind the drama between Shea and his dad hurts a little. Not because Shea and I are comparable in sports, but because men like Shea's dad still exist. Men who blame women for their own problems. Feminism and equality are topics I hold close to my heart. I'll continue to claw my way to the top. I'll continue to fight. Saying it doesn't hurt, though? That's a lie. We shouldn't have to fight for equality.



Still, I shrug off Chelsea's inadvertent revelation. "That's my name," I smile.

The childlike wonder in her eyes makes my heart melt. The emotion she's displaying is my goal. I want young girls like Chelsea to realize hockey is for everyone. Not just men. I want my passion and consistency to be the driving force behind women's voices.

Her head bobs with excitement. "I saw you play! You were amazing!" She glances down at her hands, cheeks turning pink. As she picks at her cuticles, she says, "Shea's teaching me how to skate. I want to play hockey like you do."

Realization punches me in the gut. Now I understand why my comment has shaken Shea up. Why it's gotten to his head. All this time, he's been treating his sister like royalty and me like shit. If I'm guessing correctly, he contemplated what would happen if Chelsea saw him treating me badly. Judging by the relationship they have (from what I've seen, at least), Shea isn't capable of facing disappointment from Chelsea. It makes sense.

I lean back, pressing my lower back against the stool's small backrest.

Huh.

No wonder he's been putting effort in.

"Do you not play hockey?" I ask.

"No," Chelsea replies. "Daddy says girls can't play hockey. It's not fair, but Shea's teaching me. He said he'll take me skating tomorrow..." She trails off, gaze passing over the French papers. As if a lightbulb has gone off, Chelsea's head snaps up. "Do you want to come?" she asks. "You could come skating with Shea and I! We're going to CNC. They have a small skating rink beside the public library. That's where Shea takes me."

Her happiness is contagious, but I don't want to intrude on their outing. Shea rescheduled our homework session to make space for tomorrow. It's obvious he wants to spend the day with Chelsea. I flash her a soft smile. "Maybe. Skating would be fun."

Just then, Shea enters the kitchen. He's wearing grey sweatpants and a navy-blue T-shirt. The sweatpants rest low on his hips. He glances between us, his face void of any emotions until he sees Chelsea leaning against me.

His mouth twitches. "Is she badgering you?" Shea asks.

"No," I reply. My chest tightens with the urge to laugh. I wouldn't say she's badgering me, but she is a curious, outgoing soul.

Chelsea frowns. "I'm not badgering her. We're talking about hockey. I invited her to come skating with us tomorrow. Can she?"

Shea's hazel gaze connects with mine. A few seconds tick by before he sighs and runs a hand through his damp hair. Droplets fall onto the shoulders of his navy-blue T-shirt. "If she wants to."

I'm under pressure from their questionable gazes. Would it be weird to join them? I could contribute to Shea's skating lessons. Maybe give Chelsea a few pointers on holding a hockey stick or shooting the puck. Then again, I don't want to intrude. "I'll think about it," I offer, turning to Chelsea. Hunter wants to hang out tomorrow since I have the day off. That makes my day busy, but my evening free. I doubt Shea and Chelsea will go skating in the evening. "If I decide to come, I'll text Shea, okay?"

Her head bobs up and down. She's satisfied with my answer, but she still adds, "I hope you come."

I direct my gaze to Shea, who flashes me a rare look of sympathy. It's his way of saying I don't have to come if I don't want to. I shrug it off. She's still a kid. There's nothing wrong with her being excited. Besides, I enjoy the admiration. It's a breath of fresh air after playing hockey with boys who disrespect me (minus my team, of course).

Shea clears his throat. "Chels, you should watch TV while we work," he suggests. "French homework is boring."

"Okay," Chelsea sighs. "I'm getting another piece of pizza first."



Chelsea slides down from the stool and heads over to the fridge, removing two plastic containers. I eye the pizza, my stomach reacting. I skipped out on dinner for another spin class. The last thing I ate was an orange two hours ago.

Shea grabs some plates from a nearby cupboard and lays them down on the counter. He puts Chelsea's plate together first, popping it in the microwave for a minute. "Give me another piece, Chels," he mutters.

"You've had like five slices already!" she exclaims.

"So?" Shea challenges. "I'm hungry again."

Chelsea looks at me with question in her eyes. "Boys eat a lot?" I shrug. Honestly, I don't know how they do. When Shea was over, he ate so much food I wanted to throw up for him.

"Want a couple of slices?" Shea asks, taking a bite of the pizza. A dollop of sauce stains the corner of his mouth. He licks it away.

"What kind of pizza is it?"

"Ham and pineapple with jalapeños and mushrooms." He glances down, frowning at the slice in his hand. "It's a strange combination, but Jayden got me hooked on it."

"Sure," I reply. "I'll try some."

He gestures to the microwave. "Hot or cold?"

I don't like reheated pizza, so I ask for a cold slice. He grabs two from the box and places them on a plate. The same plate he slides across the countertop to me.

Chelsea stares at my plate, her nose wrinkled in disgust. "Ew. Cold pizza?"

I take a bite just to gross her out. "It's delicious. Not sure what you're talking about."

The microwave timer goes off. Shea removes the warm plate and hands it to Chelsea. She glances between Shea and I. "You two are weirdos."

"Okay," Shea says, resting his hand on her shoulder. "It's time to go."

As Shea is guiding Chelsea out, she asks, "Are you in love with her? She seems like your girlfriend."

Shea's cough echoes, stating he's caught off-guard for a fraction of a second. "You can watch one episode while you eat your pizza, and then you're going to bed. We're skating tomorrow, remember? And Brenna is not my girlfriend."

one "You're still weirdos," Chelsea says.

With her statement hanging in the air, she exits the kitchen and heads to the living room. It's on the other side of the dining room table. We stare after her, and I feel a smile creeping onto my face.

"She's cute," I smile, ignoring her other comment. It reminds me too much of our kiss.

Shea snorts softly, setting his pizza down. "She gets away with too much." He picks a piece of pineapple from the pizza and pops it in his mouth. A crease is prominent between his thick brows. "I'm probably to blame for that. Drawing the line between being a brother and parent is difficult. I don't want to overstep my boundaries."

"Where are your parents?"

The words slip out of my mouth before I can stop them.

Distaste intensifies in Shea's gaze, but he swallows thickly and stays calm. "Arguing upstairs," he replies. Indifference is thick in his voice. He points to the ceiling. "Can't you hear them?"

Quietness settles over us. Sure enough, I can hear the sound of muffled, angry voices. A jab of unwanted sympathy pokes my heart. The last thing I want to feel for Shea is sympathy. He doesn't deserve my sympathy. But no kid deserves to have a dysfunctional family.



A cartoon echoing from the living room cuts the muffled voices off.

More words related to his parents rest on my tongue. I swallow them. He doesn't want to discuss this. So I change the subject. "Are you ready for the French test on Monday?" I ask.

Shea holds up a finger while he finishes his pizza.

While I'm waiting for a verbal response, I take a bite of the pizza in front of me. Ham, pineapple, mushrooms, and jalapeños is delicious. Jayden and Shea may be on to something here. It's sweet, salty, and spicy. "Huh," I say. "This is fantastic. I didn't expect it to be good."

"Join the club," he laughs, placing his plate in the sink. "When Jayden ordered it, I thought he was crazy. I guess he proved me wrong." He turns back to me. "Should we get started?"

" Oui ," I reply.

Oui Shea's last glance at me is uneasy. And he hesitates before he says, "Okay."

* * *

Two hours have passed, and my head is spinning. Exhaustion is fogging my mind. And... I glance to my left.

Shea is asleep.

He's hunching over the island, one arm acting as a pillow. His hand rests atop a forgotten pencil. I stare down at his face. He looks peaceful. Leg days aren't fun, so I understand why he fell asleep. He's exhausted.

I rest my hand on his shoulder and give it a shake.

He stirs, pushing up on his elbow as he murmurs, "Huh?" Pens and pencils clatter to the floor. He rubs his tired eyes. "Fuck. Did I fall asleep?"

"Yes," I reply, closing my notebook. "I think it's time for me to leave. You're fading fast. I'm tired, too. We got a lot of work done, so I think it's safe to call it quits."

I climb down from the stool and gather my belongings, stuffing them into my backpack. As I'm reaching for my textbook, Shea grabs my wrist. My head snaps in his direction. I can't quite decipher the look on his face. He almost looks... regretful.

"Brenna..." he trails off, keeping his hand locked around my wrist. "I... I need to tell you something."

I frown at him. He's wide awake, but acting as if he's feeling the hazy aftereffects of sleep. "What?"

The house is quiet for several seconds, nothing but the hum of the fridge and freezer filling the space.

Shea sighs, running a hand through his hair. "I did something stupid."

Rolling my eyes, I say, "That clears everything up. Thank you, Shea. Just cut to the chase." I yank my wrist free of his grip.

He leans back, stretching his body out. His shirt rides up. I avert my gaze. Now isn't the time for gawking.

"A few weeks ago... after my injury, I went to Connor's house. I had a few drinks and... and agreed to something I shouldn't have. A bet. A bet involving you." He pauses, rubbing his temples. "Connor bet a large sum of money I could make you fall in love with me... and sleep with you."

I cock an eyebrow, anger brewing in my blood. My fists clench at my sides, but I take a deep breath, reminding myself he deserves an explanation. "How the fuck am I supposed to respond to that?" I snarl.

fuck So much for keeping my temper under control.

So much for keeping my temper under control. "You're a fucking asshole, Shea," I spit, slinging my bag over my shoulder. Although I want to scream at him, I keep my voice low and dangerous. I don't want to wake up his family. "Seriously, fuck you ."

fuck you

Seeing red, I stomp out of the kitchen, heading for the front door. I can't believe he had the audacity to make a bet. What the hell is wrong with men? I'm not some variable to be manipulated. I'm a human being with feelings and rights. My role isn't to be tossed around and degraded. Bastards.

"I was drunk," he pleads, jogging after me. Shea grabs my bicep and spins me around. "I-I don't want to take part in the bet." His mouth pulls to one side. He looks at the floor. "Okay, maybe I intended to. Until you made that comment about Chels. I would never allow this to happen to her. So what makes you any different? Brenna, I'm sorry. Ruining hockey for another player... I can't fathom it. What I did was wrong, despite being drunk. At least... At least I'm being the bigger person."

"Then why tell me I don't deserve to play with the boys?" I snap. "If I'm no different from your sister, why the hell do you make such terrible comments? Do you not think your comments affect me? I can play the part, Shea. I can act as what men would label a bitch. I'll put up with the patriarchy—women don't have a fucking choice, anyway. That doesn't mean I don't feel its effects. Step back and try to view this from my perspective for once. You're putting me in a horrible position."

He flinches as if I have slapped him. "I'm trying! Why do you think I'm telling you?"

I open my mouth. Close it. Okay, he has a point. He could've gone through with the bet and attempted to screw me over. He didn't. I take a deep breath, centring myself. "Fine. You have a point. I'm assuming you told Connor to fuck off, then?"

Shea rubs the back of his neck, looking sheepish. "Uh, no."

"Why not?" I demand. "He's not entitled to throw my name into a bet because his ego can't handle a woman being a better hockey player."

"It's not that easy, okay?" he sighs, leaning against the wall. He looks exhausted; there are bluish-purple half-moons under his eyes. "Remember when I said Connor beat Jayden up? Well, he's threatening to sideline Jayden and KJ if I don't go through with it." He glances down at his hands, rubbing a thumb across his knuckles. "Brenna, he will not let up until I break your heart enough you won't play hockey. He sees you as a threat for the playoffs. Connor wants you out."

I toss my head back and laugh. "Are you serious? A broken heart would drive me. What a dumb-ass."

He flashes me a weak smile. "That's what I thought, too."

The curve of his lips reminds me of the kiss. A pang goes through my chest. "Did you kiss me because of the bet?"

Shea's cheeks turn pink as he looks away. "No. I kissed you to shut you up. You were poking your nose where it didn't belong. I acted with actions instead of words."

I draw my bottom lip between my teeth, Jayden's words echoing in my head. Shea was far from faking when he kissed me. He's trying to cover up his tracks. Maybe he didn't kiss me because of the bet. He sure as hell kissed me for a reason, though. One that didn't involve shutting me up. "How do I know you're not bullshitting me?

"You can ask KJ and Jayden," he replies. He keeps his gaze locked on the floor. His eyes are distant and glazed. "We're trying to figure this out, Brenna. Connor's got us surrounded. Jayden thinks he'll try to portray me as the villain."

I gape at Shea. "What the fuck is wrong with your team? Who does this kind of shit?"

"Aside from KJ and Jayden?" he sighs. "Everything." His posture slouches and he rubs his tired face. "I don't want Jayden and KJ getting hurt."

Goddamn Shea for caring about his teammates. If he didn't look so vulnerable, I'd tell him to piss off and storm out the front door.

The strap of my bag slides from my shoulder, landing next to the small rectangular table. I cross my arms. "What's Connor's plan?"



Shea sighs. "He wants me to rope you in, pretend to date you, and then break your heart before playoffs. His goal is for you to be off the ice so we have a better chance of being scouted."

Snorting, I wrinkle my nose. "Fat chance a scout chooses me. Scouts only attend our games for the boys. Have you ever thought Connor feels threatened by you? That maybe you're the problem?"

"No," Shea drawls, rolling his eyes. "I never thought of that."

never I shoot him a deadpanned look.

He sighs again. "I tried to give him my captaincy. It didn't work. Connor wants me in the playoffs because all he cares about is winning. He wants our team in the spotlight. Not yours. Connor said I have to keep it a secret so we don't violate the code of conduct."

Shea's confession makes me blink. "You offered your captaincy?"

"Yeah," he shrugs, tugging the collar of his shirt. "It's not a big deal."

Bullshit . Being team captain is an honour. Giving up my captaincy to become part of the boys' league was painful.

Bullshit I cock my head to the side. Hunter, Nick, and Drew would tell me to leave well enough alone. Catina, Evren, and Ella would drag me out of here by my hair. But this is an intriguing predicament. Connor fears losing Shea's contribution to the team. A relationship between Shea and I could never be public. How would Connor know? Where is the proof coming from? He's foiled his own plan.

What he's doing isn't right, either. He's forcing Shea and I into submission by threatening his teammates. If we could prove Connor's been blackmailing Shea...

Fuck, I'd love to take that bastard down.

Fuck, I'd love to take that bastard down. "Why are you staring at me like that?" Shea asks, shifting uncomfortably. "Are you planning my death?"

"No," I grin. "What do you think about a little payback?"

He blinks several times. "What... What are you talking about?"

I jerk my head to the side, signalling for Shea to follow me. He does. We walk down the hallway, through the kitchen, and into the living room. I sit on the couch, leaning against the armrest. Shea sits down beside me. His thigh brushes against mine.

"We could cause Connor's plan to rebound," I explain. "If we play our cards right, he could be the one exempt from the playoffs."

he "You mean 'banned'?" Shea snorts. "Connor doesn't want to be exempt from the playoffs."

"Fine," I chuckle. "Maybe 'banned' is a better word. What do you think? No one will know. Except KJ and Jayden."

Shea rubs the back of his neck. "We don't have to do this, Brenna. I can figure out another solution."

I lean toward him, resting my hand on his shoulder. Our faces are close enough I can feel his warm breath on my cheek. "Listen. We both despise Connor. That bastard gets away with too much. He fucked with Jayden. He's threatening to fuck with Kaleb. Connor's trying to fuck with me. He's fucking with you. People will think we've set our differences aside and called a permanent truce. Enemies become friends all the time. Connor will think you're following through with the bet. In the meantime, you, Jayden, and KJ can attempt to catch him gloating about the bet. Maybe record him or tape him? Solid proof will allow us to win the battle. If he tries to tattle on us, we have back-up."

"You say 'fuck' a lot," he replies. His voice is uneven.

My lips curve into a smile. "Men make me swear. So? What do you think?"

Shea expels a deep breath, tugging at his hair. He gazes at the blank TV screen as he contemplates my offer.

I hold my breath, waiting for a response. Shea and I may not be the best of friends, but there was a time where we were. Where we played on the same team. Who's saying we can't do it again?

"Okay," he replies, throwing his hands up. "Let's do it. We need to meet up with Jayden and KJ, though. They need to be made aware."

"Deal," I say, holding my hand out.

Shea's eyes flitter across my lips before he meets my gaze, taking my hand. His cheeks are pink. "Deal," he echoes. His grip is tight and his hand is semi-calloused. Two callouses sit below his pinkie and ring finger, but the rest of his hand is comforting and smooth. Warm.

I tip my chin up to the ceiling, a smug grin on my face. Connor will not know what's hit him when we're done. Shea doesn't look as confident as I feel, but I brush that away. We've already bent the rules, so why not bend them again?

We'll bend Connor's rules in our favour.





19




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Shea

Shea "I didn't know you had the balls to tell her," KJ jokes.

We step into the foyer of the arena. We're sweaty and lugging our hockey bags and sticks around. Our game against Penticton went well. We won the game in overtime 2-1. Jayden scored the game-winning-goal, which was set up by a stellar pass from me.

In the foyer, we're welcomed by the smell of artificial butter drizzled over popcorn, hot dogs, and the lingering hint of sweaty hockey equipment. It's a stale smell that strikes nostalgia.

I glance at the concession stand, remembering all the times KJ, Brenna, and I used to buy the candy bags for two dollars. The sour keys were my favourite. Brenna hated them. She would trade them to me for the Maynards Swedish Berries. KJ thought we were both nuts—he hated any gummy candies. He would hoard chocolate. Still does. Put that shit near him, and he'll crumble to temptation.

I tear my gaze away from the concession stand. Now that Brenna and I are on the same page, memories have been flooding my mind. Being friends is way easier than being enemies.

"She wants to meet up with us," I say, keeping my voice low. If Connor finds out I've told Brenna, hell will be unleashed. He's still in the locker room, but you can never be too careful. "We were thinking we could meet at the gym. On the Westside. Connor would never dream of attending a gym on this side. He thinks West Kelowna is shit."

KJ snorts. "Kelowna is shit." He shoots me an apologetic glance. "No offense. But West Kelowna has the better beaches and wineries and hikes."

and "Not gonna argue with you, man," Jayden laughs. "McDougall Rim and Carrot Mountain are my favourites."

I close my eyes, groaning. "You're fucking insane, Jay. Carrot Mountain is hell."

Last summer, the three of us hiked Carrot Mountain in thirty-five degree weather. We almost died of heat exhaustion. While the view was worth the sweat, blood, and tears, it doesn't subtract from the steep incline being hell.

He grins at me. "We're doing it again, Shea, and I know you won't decline the invitation."

The bastard is correct. I'll never pass up an opportunity to go hiking. One day, I will visit every provincial park in the Kootenays and hike to each summit.

"We're getting off-topic," I say, directing the conversation back to what matters. "Are you guys up for a meeting with Bren?"

Jayden stops and stares at me. So does KJ.

I freeze, glancing between them. "What?"

"You just called her 'Bren'," he grins.

My cheeks flush pink. "N-No I didn't," I stutter. I'm aware I did, in fact, call her "Bren." Am I willing to admit it? Fuck no.

KJ jabs me in the ribs with his hockey stick. "But you did ."

did "Shut up, Jones. Miller," I mumble, adjusting my hockey bag. It's weighing on my shoulder and causing my tired muscles to burn. Before he can say another word, I beeline for the concession stand. Suddenly, I'm craving some sour keys.



In the seating area of the concession stand, four of the five metal tables are full. Little kids are drinking hot chocolate and enjoying poutine. A disgusting combination. Two dads are discussing last night's Toronto Maple Leafs game. At the far table, by the window, a group of middle school girls are scrolling through their Instagram feeds.

I toss my bag and stick onto the empty table, removing my wallet from the side pocket. From it, I remove a five-dollar bill and walk up to the cashier.

"A bag of sour keys, please," I say, jerking my chin at the display.

The cashier smiles at me and exchanges the bag of candy for my five dollars. I tell her to keep the change. When I turn around, Jayden and KJ have gathered near the table I claimed.

They're staring at me.

"What?" I ask as I saunter over, untying the bag. I toss a sour key into my mouth, chewing slower than a turtle. My lips pucker as the sour flavour spreads across my tastebuds.

KJ cocks an eyebrow at the bag in my hand. "Sour keys," he notes. His gaze flicks back to mine. "Chocolate is better. But if Bren were here, she'd tell you Swedish Berries win."

Bren My grip tightens on the candy bag.

Jayden nudges KJ in the ribs. "Come on, bro. We've done enough damage today. Leave the kid alone."

"Ironic," I drawl, grabbing another sour key. "You started the teasing."

His grin returns. "I may have started the teasing, but I also know when to end it."

I'm unable to come up with a retort. Jayden's too smart for me.

KJ smirks, but doesn't say another word. I toss another sour key in my mouth, knowing his teasing is far from over. When Jayden isn't around, KJ will press for information. He wants to know why I called Brenna "Bren."

Truthfully, I don't know. It was a slip of the tongue. That being said, using Harrison's nickname doesn't feel strange on my tongue. I quite enjoy bouncing between Brenna, Harrison, and Bren.

The slip also has a lot to do with the conversation we had. After I confessed my stupidity to Brenna, she stuck around for a few more hours. We ate the rest of the pizza and discussed our approach to this Connor problem I created. We're taking it one day at a time. Connor is unpredictable. As long as we're alert, we should be able to handle whatever move he makes. We'll know more after we meet up with KJ and Jayden. Brenna contemplated involving Tucker in this meeting, but decided against it. As far as Connor's intentions go, Tucker isn't being threatened. KJ and Jayden are.

Besides, we have the upper hand. Connor doesn't know Brenna knows what's going on behind the scenes. We're able to plan ahead. Brenna's already given me permission to leak information about our unplanned kiss to Connor. She thinks it'll satisfy him for a week.

"Whatever," I say, rolling my eyes. "Are you two in or what? Brenna wants to know."

"I'm in," Jayden nods.

KJ stares at the candy bag in my hand. "Only if I get a sour key."

"You hate gummies," I frown.

Regardless of my point, KJ reaches into the bag and removes a sour key. He inspects the thing before popping it in his mouth. Jayden and I watch as KJ's face contorts. "Fuck," he says. "They're even worse than before."

I roll my eyes. He's such an idiot sometimes.

Jayden laughs. "Might want to buy some chocolate to get the taste out of your mouth."



Looking ill, KJ nods. He gathers his wallet and heads to the concession stand, leaving Jayden and me alone.

I hold out the bag. "Want one?"

"Thanks, but no," he replies, shaking his head. "The only gummies I eat are Smart Sweets. Less sugar, female-owned, and plant-based? You can't go wrong."

"That's—"

"Candy after a game? Didn't your parents teach you hockey etiquette?"

Jayden's posture stiffens. His grin fades. My gaze focuses over his shoulder, directly on Connor. He's dressed in his baseline gear, and his hair is wilder than usual.

"For your information, Connor," KJ says, returning just in time. If anyone can deal with Connor, it's KJ. He stays neutral, unlike Jayden and I. KJ pulls his shirt up and pats his toned stomach. "We worked our asses off for these treats. Maybe you should stop being jealous and join the party." KJ holds out his chocolates.

Connor sneers, shoving KJ's hand away. He turns to me. "We're waiting on an update, Smith."

My anxiety peaks, as does my temper. This bastard intimidates me, and I hate him. I take a deep breath, centring myself. Brenna and I discussed this. I know what to do.

Appear indifferent, Brenna said. It'll piss him off. The more volatile Connor is, the better chance we have at taking him down. He won't be able to think clearly. That way, he's destined for a screw-up.

Appear indifferent, It'll piss him off. The more volatile Connor is, the better chance we have at taking him down. He won't be able to think clearly. That way, he's destined for a screw-up. Hopefully, my acting skills will be enough.

"We kissed," I say, keeping a bored look on my face. My tone is indifferent. "On the floor of her kitchen. Slipped her the tongue and everything."

Just to piss him off, I end my sentence with a shrug.

Connor's grip tightens on his hockey stick.

The boys behind Connor are shocked.

Jayden's horrified by the details. KJ appears bored.

Connor runs a hand through his hair. It's an aggressive motion, which tells me he's flustered. He wasn't expecting me to kiss her.

Connor keeps his gaze level with mine. I tilt my chin up, refusing to back down. Brenna told me we need to be consistent. Letting down my guard will only empower him.

I cock an eyebrow. "Anything else you want to know?" I gaze off into the distance, making it look like I'm combing through detailed memories. "Her lip balm tasted good."

For good measure, I eat another sour key.

"Fine," Connor replies coolly. "You're off the hook for now. I'm expecting more, though, Smith. Don't forget that."

Brenna was right. Fucking him over will be fun.

Brenna was right. Fucking him over will be fun. When Connor and his posse exit the arena, I stick both middle fingers up at the closed doors.

KJ claps me on the shoulder. "The motion doesn't hold much meaning unless the receiver sees it."

I straighten my posture. "It makes me feel good. My temper eats this shit up."

KJ snorts, leaning down to gather his bag. "Let's get the hell out of here. You boys want to grab some sushi from Kojo?"

Fuck, a spicy vegan ramen bowl would be good right now. I can pick Chelsea up some cucumber rolls, too. She loves those things. Although my bank account could beg to differ—it's in a delicate situation regarding post-secondary schooling—I nod.

So does Jayden.

KJ is the first one to gather his belongings. He tells Jayden and I he'll pick us up out front. We carpooled today, so no one argues.



While Jayden is gathering his hockey bag, I slide my wallet back into the side pocket of mine. I also down the last of my gummies; tilting my head back, I tip the bag and fill my mouth with what remains, including the sour sugar. I cough a little, the sourness reminding me of sucking on a lemon.

"Shit," I cough, chewing fast.

"Sour?" Jayden laughs.

"Extremely," I reply. "Ready?"

He nods. However, before I can turn around and head to the doors, Jayden grabs my bicep. He's preventing me from exiting the arena to the parking lot. "What?" I ask.

He keeps his gaze level with mine. "I'm proud of you, Shea. You could've been an ass and kept the truth from Brenna. You didn't. You're trying to resolve the problem." He pauses and takes a sour key. He frowns at the candy, but eats it without flinching. "I hope you realize effort counts."

Jayden claps me on the shoulder and leaves before I can say anything.

I stare at the photos of previous hockey teams lining the wall. Fucking Jayden. That kid is too good for this world. I don't confide in him as much as I do KJ, but he's aware of the situation at my house. He knows how badly I strive for my father's appreciation, despite the terrible circumstances and high levels of toxicity. Hearing Jayden compliment my efforts and care... it's humbling.

Casting my gaze down to the floor, I sigh.

"I'm realizing that," I whisper to no one.

* * *

Balancing a box of cucumber rolls on my forearm, I push through the entryway to the garage and into the mudroom. I fumble for the light, aware my parents are in the kitchen, fighting.

I expel a frustrated sigh as I kick off my shoes.

After the shit Connor pulled today, I'm agitated. Hearing my parents fight isn't helping.

"It's because you're never home, Evan!" Mom yells. "You are constantly on the road. What am I supposed to assume?"

"That I am working to provide for this family!" Dad booms. "For fuck's sake, Lyla!"

Mom sniffles. "You're never home. It's as if work matters more than our marriage. Than our kids ."

kids Dad is silent for several seconds. "Without my job, we wouldn't be able to afford this house. Or Shea's hockey fees. Or Chelsea's swimming lessons.

"That is bullshit. We pay for this house together. We pay all expenses together ."

together. together I scoff to myself. The only thing they do together is leave Chelsea and me to fend for ourselves. Dad is always off on business trips (or so he calls them). Mom is managing the café or leaving the responsibility to Noah's mom while she goes on trips with her college friends. Although they're providing Chelsea and me with a place to live, they've been nonexistent. Work and recreation are more important.

together Dad snorts. "You think running a café helps pay for this house? It doesn't leave a dent, Layla."

Mom's tone is cold and harsh when she speaks again. "Just like you fucking that woman at the hotel doesn't leave a dent in our relationship? That's right—Ryan told me what happened in Toronto. How long have you been seeing her? I was mortified when your co-worker told me my husband has been cheating on me. How long, Evan?"

co-worker "That's a lie," Dad says, his voice wavering.

Although I'd been expecting something like this, a sharp pain jabs my heart. Goddamn it. For Chelsea's sake, I'd been hoping this drama would blow over. Speaking of Chelsea... she can probably hear everything that's going on.



I expel a soft curse as I shrug my jacket off and storm into the kitchen.

When I enter, Mom and Dad are locked in an argument. Whatever they're saying goes in one ear and out the other. They have no respect for their daughter. Do they not realize how badly this will hurt her?

"Will you two shut the fuck up?" I hiss. "Chelsea is upstairs listening to every single fucking word that leaves your mouths."

Both parents jump. Dad even knocks over a glass of water. It spills across the countertop, soaking whatever papers were laid across the marble.

"Evan!" Mom exclaims, rushing for the papers. The ones she picks up are sopping wet mess. She shakes the water away, only to realize they're a lost cause. She sighs and throws them back on the counter.

"You are not part of this, Shea," Dad snaps, ignoring Mom. "Go to bed."

Fire burns in my veins. Does he really think he can treat me like a kid? I mean, yes, technically I still am a kid. But they have no right to label me as one after everything I've done for Chels. Ever since I got my N, I've been driving Chelsea around, making dinner for her, and spending time with her. Aside from Noah, I've been her only caring family member.

Seeing red, I storm over to Dad and poke him in the chest. "I am part of this!" After years of being shorter than Dad, I have two inches on him. Never has height felt so good. "I became part of this the moment you and Mom stopped being parents."

I toss the cucumber rolls onto the counter.

"Look! Once again, I'm using my money to feed Chelsea. The money I'm supposed to be saving for Boston."

Dad snorts. "Boston? You're never going to Boston."

"Evan!" Mom snaps.

"No," I reply, ignoring Mom. "I won't be able to go. Unless you act like fucking parents again. Do you know how many times Chels has gone to bed crying? She thinks you're fighting because of her."

Dad shoves me away, putting space between us. "Our relationship doesn't concern either of you."

"Fine. Maybe you have a point," I snap. "We're not part of your relationship." I make a wild gesture between Mom and Dad. "The fighting affects us, though. Especially Chelsea. You're hurting her. Fight all you want, but for the love of fucking god, do it somewhere private. Stop hurting my sister!"

Before either of them can say another word, I leave. I'm not in the mood for arguing. Dad will try to worm his slimy ass out of the blame. Mom will baby me.

I'm not in the fucking mood.

Upstairs, I make a beeline for my bedroom. I don't stop to see if Chelsea is sleeping.

Shoving my bedroom door open, I throw my backpack across the room, anger reverberating through my bones. The door slams behind me. My temper is rising. I feel volatile. Just when things were looking a little better, they turn to shit again. Telling Brenna and seeing her reaction was a relief. But a kiss isn't enough for Connor. Jayden's proud of me for trying, but Mom and Dad don't give a fuck. Will the good ever outweigh the bad?

Dropping my face into my hands, I sit down on the foot of my bed. Tears of frustration burn behind my eyes. My nose runs. I wipe it with the sleeve of my sweater. A few good tears are nothing to be ashamed of. What I'm ashamed of is how much snot I produce.

I'm sick of this shit.

I want out.

As much as I love Chelsea, it isn't my job to take care of her. Mom and Dad should do that. Connor doesn't have the right to push me around. To threaten my friends.

Just then, I hear a creaking noise.

When I glance over my shoulder, in the source's direction, I see Chelsea peeking through the door.

"Shea?" Chelsea asks, pushing my door open. Her voice is timid. "Are you okay?"

I wipe the tears from my cheeks. "I'm fine, Chels. Go back to bed."

My sister doesn't listen.

Instead, she steps into my bedroom and closes the door behind her. She saunters over to my bed, climbing atop it. Before I can tell the kid to leave, she's sitting beside me. I have no choice but to wrap an arm around her. Even if I want to push people away and be alone, Chelsea will always be the exception.

"I wish they could be happy again," she whispers.

Silence is my only response. What am I supposed to say? I can't lie to her. It's obvious Mom and Dad won't be remedying their problems. False hope is toxic, too.

She rests her head against my shoulder. "Will they ever stop fighting?"

"I don't know, kid," I sniffle. "I don't know."





