Title: Breaking Darkness

Chapter 1: Mr. Sandman




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I drove impatiently, cursing when I was stopped by a red light. It was just after dark, and Antoinette was waiting for me. She was probably wearing that corset of hers that I loved so much, the red one with the black lace. What better way to start my vacation was there than an evening with Antoinette? I drummed my fingers on the steering wheel in irritation as I waited for the light to turn green. Lead Councilman Carbry Alesky had given me extended time off from Knight Corp for the first time since we'd taken out the Axeman in 1919. That mission had been a close call.

Anyway, it wasn't that I didn't enjoy my work. I adored my job as a Knight Corp's head of security. I essentially trained and led paramilitary teams of supernaturals whose task it was to track down and eliminate rogues, supernaturals who failed to adhere to our American Order's laws. My people and I kept the peace, protected innocents, and ensured our kind remained hidden in the shadows. We didn't want humankind to find out about us lest we generate mass panic, and that Axeman murderer monster had very nearly unveiled our existence to the world. So yeah. How could I not love my job? In the end, I'd killed him, the Axeman. I always killed the targets, and our company handled the cover-ups. As the light changed,I smirked mischievously before stepping a little too hard on the gas in my eagerness.

No, I didn't get time off often, but Alesky had granted me this gift as an apology after he very nearly ripped my face off when he'd lost control. When he'd attacked, I'd managed to hold him off for the most part, which was no small feat considering my boss was nearly five times older than me. Ultimately, Alesky had managed to reign in his rage before he'd ended up killing me.

I knew his anger wasn't directed at me per se. It was us. Our vampire hubris almost killed Meriwa when we made the miscalculation that resulted in the attack on the human by three very hungry, very strong vampires. However, in the end Meriwa had it. The human kid was tough, tougher than most of the supernaturals working for me. She was probably kicking ass and taking names somewhere awesome since she left Knight Corp because Alesky couldn't work up the courage to tell her he loved her. But, hey, my boss' love life was none of my business, and as a whole humans were clueless sheep. Meri was just the exception.

With a wide grin plastered onto my face, I barreled down the street through the Third Ward of New Orleans, Central City, and I couldn't help but wonder at what had happened to my city over the past hundred years. Shaking my head, I drove down streets surrounded by derelict buildings and burned out cars. I supposed everyone yearned for the good old days, but it was a shame what had happened to the town. I missed the old city. New Orleans was once a magical place, a bastion of culture and life and flavor amid the occasionally colorless South. Now, you couldn't walk down some of these streets at night without being on the lookout for someone trying to shoot you. Not that getting shot ever really mattered to me, but it was always damned inconvenient.

As I passed James M. Singleton Charter School, I noticed an incredibly odd sight, one I'd never seen in my centuries of life. Standing on the sidewalk amid the garbage and filth as she consulted a paper map was a very confused-looking young wearing a blue vintage 1950s A-line dress. Everything about her screamed that she didn't belong in a place like this. Beside her rested a pink rolling suitcase, and her flaming red hair veritably glowed in the flickering light of a street lamp.



I rolled my eyes and snorted as I sped past the clueless woman. Honestly, I was surprised she hadn't been robbed already. Maybe she was in this section of town to visit someone she knew. It seemed decidedly unlikely, though, but...hell. She wasn't my problem. I was on vacation, and Antoinette was my vacation. And I'd soon be on vacation...and in vacation and doing things that would make most people blush with my vacation. Antoinette was always a good lay, and the thought of our impending evening together had me shifting uncomfortably in my seat all day at work. Although for the death of me, I couldn't understand why Antoinette didn't move out of this area. This town was nothing like it had been when we first began our occasional evening trysts.

It was dirty and dangerous and-

As I drove on in my 2019 Mustang Shelby GT350R, I watched the mystery girl recede in my rear-view mirror. The human wouldn't last long out there, especially in the dark. I gripped the wheel tighter as some emotion started clawing at me, a blossoming of doubt and guilt that began in my core and worked it's way up to my heart. Nope. I would not turn around. No chance in hell. I wanted to fuck, and Antionette was so good at it.

But...shit.

I cursed as remorse made me execute a u-turn and head back toward the school and the mystery woman in the blue dress holding a fucking paper map. Two guys had already stopped her by the time I arrived, but she didn't look frightened of them, despite their obviously unfriendly and menacing demeanor. Instead of screaming, she smiled at them with a large, infectious grin. Even when one of the men moved menacingly toward her while reaching for the knife very obviously concealed in his waistband, she kept giving that innocent smile while chatting with them, seemingly blissfully unaware of the danger she was in.

Did she literally not see him reaching for the knife?

I huffed as I pulled my car up next to the trio and threw it in park then got out. Both of the men talking to the woman eyed me menacingly then took in the sight of my car, diabolical grins breaking out across their features as they seemed to be getting some nefarious ideas. The first guy, the one going for the knife in his waistband, smiled.

I fought the urge to snort in dark amusement. Humans were so damn predictable.

"Hi there, gentlemen." I said as I walked up and stood in front of the woman, "I've got somewhere to be, so if you could leave the woman alone, that'd be great."

"I got a better idea. How about you give me your fucking keys, then we go on our way." The first guy said while pulling his knife out with what I'm sure he thought was speed.

The woman gasped in near-theatrical horror behind me, and could smell her fear a heady mix of salt and fear pheromones and, in her case, roses, likely from a perfume she wore. I rolled my eyes at the man in front of us. The guy held the knife about as well as a prima ballerina held an assault rifle while performing La Bayadere. Basically, the bastard had no idea what the hell he was doing.

"How about no? I've got a woman waiting for me, and I'd really like to not have to murder you both."

The other guy laughed dramatically as if he were the villain in some B-list movie. "And what you gonna do to us?"

I smiled, physically disarming the one holding a knife in one fluid movement of my right arm. These attackers were slow, really slow, and I was so fucking fast. The other guy, the one who'd laughed, pulled his own knife out of his waistband and brandished it pitifully. With a kick, I knocked the knife into the air, and the weapon clattered to the ground to our left. When faced with my unnatural speed, both men regarded me with terror in their eyes, prompting me to smile at them with my fangs bared. I was rewarded by their horrified looks, and without so much as a scream from either of them, they cursed and ran the opposite direction as I tossed the knife of the first attacker, which I still held.



With the cowards retreating, I retracted my fangs and turned to the woman who gazed at me with huge hazel eyes. She had freckles dotting the the bridge of her nose and a riot of red curls, and the depth of her innocent look had me momentarily taken aback. I still smelled terror on her as her perfectly colored lips opened in a small expression of surprise.

"They said they were going to help me, but they tried to hurt you! They lied." Her soft voice was colored by a slight southern twang, which brought a nearly imperceptible smile to my face as a wave of nostalgia hit me.

"To be fair, you're a fucking easy target."

She put her hand to her mouth, eyes wide. "W-what do you mean?" Her brow furrowed in confusion.

I gestured absently to her outfit. "You stand out like a sore thumb, sweetheart."

She cocked her head, freckled brow furrowing with deeper confusion. "How? This is a pretty dress."

I chuckled low. "Look around you, sweetheart."

She did, curls bouncing, seemingly still baffled by my words.

I sighed, taking a deep cleansing breath before saying, "Let's start at the beginning, what's your name, and what brings you to this part of town?"

She put her finger to her lip thoughtfully. "Well, my name is Samantha Calhoun."

She suddenly looked at me and smiled, and I didn't know how to process the emotions that grin was eliciting from me. "You can call me Sammy, though."

Now, it was my turn to frown in confusion. Her heartbeat was already back to normal, and her fear was gone, absolutely gone. The terror on her face was replaced by a now-sunny grin that seemed to light up the grimy darkness. She was weird, really weird. Humans instinctively knew vampires as well as other supernaturals. They didn't necessarily fear us, but they always knew that there was something off about what we were, whether they were enamored by our looks or our scent or our demeanor. Something about us always affected them, at least unconsciously. Except for Sammy, apparently.

I frowned. "And what brings you to New Orleans, Sammy."

She looked down at the map, which she still clutched tightly in her fist for some reason. With small huff of frustration, she held the map up for me to see, pointing animatedly at a spot on the paper. "I'm trying to get here."

I looked at the area to which she pointed, balking when I realized where she'd been trying to get to "That's the other side of town!"

The woman looked back at the map and frowned. "Really? The taxi driver told me it was near here."

I bit my tongue to keep from making some sort of snide remark about her intelligence. I got the sense that this woman wouldn't respond well to my...unfiltered personality. "Where were you trying to go."

The woman grew confused again as she pointed back at the map. "Here."

I sighed in frustration before managing to say, "Where is 'here'?"

She smiled, again dimples showing. "Oh, my hotel. I booked it ages ago. It's got a rooftop pool. And a spa. Although, I'm pretty sure that part costs extra. I-"

"What's the name of the hotel?"

"Oh, right, sorry." She held up her palm up to her face and looked at in the flickering of a street lamp, "L-e-M-é-r-i-d-i-e-n."

She'd written the name of her goddamn hotel on her hand.

But, at least we were finally getting somewhere. I pasted on my best PR smile as I said stiffly, "Ok, Sammy. Now that you know where you're going, why don't you call a cab?"



She looked down, seemingly embarrassed. "I-I left my phone on the plane."

Christ, what was with this chick?

She continued quickly, soft voice sounding apologetic, "Oh, I'm sorry I was rude. What's your name?"

"Timothy Chisenhall." I said absently, "And how the fuck do you think you can get around without a phone nowadays?"

She frowned sunny, disposition turning momentarily icy. "You shouldn't curse, Timothy."

What the fuck was happening?

I plastered another fake smile on my face and ignored her admonishment as I tried to bring reason to this situation. "Ok, Sammy. Here's what we're gonna do. I'm gonna let you use my phone to call a cab to get you to your hotel. Deal?"

She grinned brilliantly, annoyance with my cursing forgotten. "Deal. Thank you so much!"

"No problem." I mumbled, pulling my phone out of my pocket, unlocking it, and handing it to her.

"Let's see." She said, sticking out her bottom lip as she concentrated.

Good lord, don't tell me she's going to narrate this whole thing.

"Open Google, search 'taxi New Orleans'. Ok here's...Oh, a message from someone named Antoinette. Timothy, Antoinette says she's getting very frustrated waiting for you."

I opened my mouth about to tell her not to read my messages before she gasped and shook her head, red curls bouncing again. "She shouldn't be sending you pictures like that Timothy. Doesn't she know that everything on the internet stays on the internet?"

Hold on, what pictures?

"Here, hand me my phone." As I spoke, I held out my flattened palm ready to receive my phone from the woman.

She frowned. "But I haven't called my taxi yet."

I painted on my faux smile again. "I'll call it for you."

"Oh, ok." She extended her arm to hand me back my phone, but in the distance, gunshots rang out. Sammy jumped, dropping my cell to the ground where it subsequently shattered. The redhead then quickly bent down to retrieve the device as I ran my fingers through my hair in irritation and watched the back of her head.

Fucking humans.

She stood slowly then held the phone out to me using her map-less hand. Samantha looked at the ruined device she held as if she had just murdered a puppy. Eyes full of tears, she said, "I'm so sorry, Timothy! I should have been more careful-"

Gunshots rang out again, and she dropped the phone once more. I could smell her guilt and her fear. It was coming off her in waves. Her emotions were so...obvious, and I felt them so intensely that it was almost overwhelming, which confused me. I'd never experienced something quite like this. Supernaturals, vampires in particular, could always pick up on what people were feeling. With Samantha, though, I could literally feel her own fear, and the sensation was already a little disorienting. With a loud exhalation of irritation, I put my hands to my head to keep myself from barring my fangs at her. As I bit back my rage, a few salty-smelling tears escaped her eyes.

After I'd calmed down, I sighed before telling her, "Put your suitcase in my car, I'll take you."

She looked down in shame, dimpled cheeks burning as a few tears rand down then dripped off her face. "I couldn't ask you to do that after everything I've done."

I fake smiled again because the sooner I could get her safely to hotel, the sooner I could go see Antoinette. "It's fine. Really. I'll take you. You can put your bag in the back seat. We probably shouldn't stay around her any longer."

Sammy looked back up at me, smiling again while wiping her tears away. "Thanks!" She rolled her suitcase over to my car and opened the door, and I watched with annoyance as she struggled to lift it. "Almost...got...it..." she grunted. I sighed before walking over and putting the thing in my Mustang with one hand.

I tried not to think about the fact that I should be exerting energy in a much more exhilarating manner than this right about now. And with my ruined phone I couldn't even call Antoinette to tell her why I was delayed.

So this was how my fucking evening was gonna go, huh?

With her suitcase loaded into my vehicle, I looked to my side to tell her to get in but was surprised to realize that Sammy was no longer there. "Fuck" I cursed under my breath. "Sammy?"

"Over here!" I heard from a side alley. I followed the sound of her voice and the smell of her...sunny disposition. It smelled like roses, incidentally. Her scent, I mean, and I was beginning to suspect that the smell wasn't from her perfume.

When I rounded the corner, I saw her digging through the weeds, left cheek already smudged with dirt. "What the hell are you doing?"

Sammy looked up at me, frowning deeply as she admonished. "Language." I rolled my eyes as she finally answered my question, "Looking for the other knife."

"Why?"

"We're near a school. What if a kid gets it?" She was really digging deeply in the weeds now, and I found myself growing increasingly worried she'd stab herself with a discarded syringe or something. However, she soon came up victorious. "I found it!" As she proclaimed her victory, she turned toward me with knives raised triumphantly in both her hands. She smiled as if she had just discovered the cure for cancer.

I snorted in genuine amusement before speaking quietly. "Nice work, detective, now can we get in my car, please? I've got places to be."

And sexy ladies to fuck, I added in my head.

She smiled brilliantly. "Let's go, Timothy!"





Chapter 2: "Gangsta's Paradise"


Samantha was asleep about no more than five minutes into the drive. I looked at my dashboard clock. It was only 7:30, far too early for a normal human to be this exhausted. And the woman didn't even fucking know me. I could be a serial killer for all she knew. I wasn't, but still. How can you just fall asleep in the car of someone who's a perfect stranger? It wasn't safe, and the knowledge that this woman was simply so clueless and trusting unsettled me in ways I didn't fully understand. This revelation led me to ask the really important question:

What the fuck was she?

Sammy certainly smelled all human, but she didn't act human. To be honest, she didn't act normal for any supernatural race, either. Just then, the young woman yawned softly and shifted in the passenger seat, curls falling to the side and exposing her jawline a few smatterings of freckles extended down her neck. It was a good thing I didn't feed directly from living humans anymore. Otherwise, I'd be tempted by her flesh. Samantha was so...easy, soft and sweet and instinctively trusting.

My thoughts led me to scowl. As a predator, I was attracted to her weakness, and I didn't like feeling like a predator, now when I'd practiced self control for this long. Sighing, I shifted lanes as I made my way toward her hotel. Relief washed over me when I realized that I'd soon be done with this whole incident. I'd have to find a way to make it up to Antionette, though. It would be months before she would forgive me for standing her up.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. We pulled up to the hotel, and I roused my passenger by speaking softly and placing a gentle hand on her shoulder. "Sammy, we're here."

The redhead opened her eyes and stretched, blinking and looking around curiously. "We're here already?" When she realized we were in the unloading area for the hotel, she gave me a sunny smile. "You're an excellent driver, Timothy." I snorted before unbuckling and moving to get out of the vehicle. From her open door, Samantha gave me a curious look. "Oh, you're coming too?"

I sighed, running my hand through my hair before replying. "I have to use a phone."

She nodded sleepily, seeming unconcerned about the fact that she was the reason I'd have to use a hotel phone. I then watched her out of the corner of my eye as I handed my keys to the valet, telling him I probably wouldn't be more than a minute and that there was no sense in pulling my car away. When I turned around, Sammy was trying to pull her bag out of the car. A bellhop walked over to her and kindly offered to help her, but for some unfathomable reason, she denied his offer of assistance with a vigorous shake of her head. She told the man she 'had it.'

Sammy very clearly didn't have it.

Groaning and complaining quietly to myself, I walked over to my vehicle, moved her gently out of the way, and pulled the suitcase out before placing it gently on the ground next to the irksome woman.

"Thank you, Timothy! You didn't have to help me do that."

"Didn't I?" I mumbled as I started walking into the hotel. I heard a tiny exclamation of surprise over my speed as she grabbed her bag and started rolling to catch up with me. Her ridiculous white heels clacked on the sidewalk, sending the clattering sound echoing around the unloading area.



Once we were both safely inside, I pointed to the front desk. "Ok, Sammy. We made it. This is where we part ways."

She frowned a little, disposition shifting to one of slight sadnesses though she still managed to give me a faint smile. God she was going to give me whiplash with her ever-changing emotions. "Well, thank you, Timothy! I don't know what I would have done without you."

Been fucking murdered that's what would have happened to you, I replied mentally.

Still smiling sadly, Samantha waved goodbye as she clicked her way over to the front desk to check in. With one last glance in the woman's direction to reassure myself that she'd found someone at the front desk to help her, I went over to the concierge and asked one of the employees if I could use a phone. The woman, dressed in a smart suit with makeup expertly applied, smiled before offering the a house phone that I used to dial out so that I could finally get a hold of Antoinette.

The corseted woman in question picked up after the third ring, and the first thing I heard from her mouth was loud, angry yelling. Antoinette loved to yell. I took a calming breath before I explained that something had come up, and I would be very late. With a pissy huff she said, "Well, I hope it was worth it because nothing else of yours is going to be coming up this evening." Then she angrily ended the call.

Fuck. There went the first of my vacation plans, my night with Antoinette ruined thanks to a baffling woman in a blue dress. With a look of displeasure on my face, I thanked the concierge and fumed as I walked back through the lobby to head out of the building. At least I could forget this whole thing and get some relaxation time in at home. Maybe the night would be salvageable, but...damn a night with Antoinette ruined all because of-

There she was again, sitting on a couch near the door. Sammy sat with her head in her hands and her luggage next to her, her shoulders moving up and down. She was...crying. Sammy was crying again. I grunted. Not my problem anymore. The sliding doors opened, and I was about to step out, but I felt an emotional tug,, another infectious clawing of guilt that began in the pit of my stomach.

Double fuck.

Lamenting my need to save literally everyone, I whipped around and walked over to her. Samantha was so absorbed with crying, dabbing her eyes delicately with a handkerchief as she bawled, that she didn't notice me standing there until I cleared my throat. When I did, the woman looked up and sniffed pitifully before asking, "Oh, Timothy. Did you call your friend?" As she asked the question, she swiped at her eyes again, wiping away a few residual tears with her action.

I scowled, trying to not let her sorrow affect me. "Yes."

She smiled, a massive contrast with the tears still glistening wetly in her eyes. "Good. I'm happy."

I let out a rush of air in frustration. I'd probably regret this, but I just had to ask. "What's wrong, Sammy?"

She waved her hand dismissively in the direction of the lobby exit. "Oh, don't worry about it. Your friend is waiting."

"Not anymore." I mumbled with veiled irritation.

"Oh, well, Ok then." She sniffed again before launching into her story, "The hotel doesn't have my reservation. They apparently over-booked. There's a taxidermy convention in town. And..." She looked down sadly, "all the hotels nearby are booked solid. All of them..." Another tear escaped, and she dabbed at it dramatically.

I grunted and crossed my arms over my chest. "Don't you have anyone you can stay with?"

She shook her head emphatically, curls swaying with her movement. "I don't know many people, I'm afraid."

Doing my best not to roll my eyes, I spoke. "Well, you could rent a car. Drive just outside the city and get a room."

She looked down again,fiddling with her handkerchief absently as she said, "I'm not very good at city driving. The last time I did...well, my insurance went up after that, I tell ya' what."

I pinched the bridge of my nose wondering again what the hell was happening tonight. When I spoke, my voice was strained. "Come on. Grab your bag."

Samantha did as I ordered without question and stood, promptly following me out of the building, heels clacking on the marble as she trailed after me. As we were striding toward the car, she finally thought to ask, "Where are we going, Timothy?"

"My place."

I looked over my shoulder and watched her hand fly to her mouth in surprise. "I couldn't impose."

Oh, it was a fucking imposition, alright, though I didn't say this out loud. Instead, I assured her. "It's no imposition. I've got a guest room. Just be out of there tomorrow. It will give you some time to figure all this out."

The valet returned my keys to me, and before Samantha could even try to load her suitcase into the vehicle, I beat her to the handle of the bag which I then slid into the car easily.

My actions prompted her to grin charmingly. "Thank you."

In response, I made a grunt of acknowledgment before gesturing for her to get into the vehicle. Hell, my house was going to smell like roses for weeks after this. I just knew it. Human scents this strong don't come out easily.





Chapter 3: "I Got a Woman"


Sammy snored lightly from the room adjacent to mine. My house was a Creole Cottage style home over 150 years old. I had lived there for...well...150 years. My cover story was that the residence had been in the Chisenhall family for 150 years. Nope. It was all mine, and I never redecorated the place because I adored its rustic charm. And it was home. Why would I want to change it?

Another light snore from the other room drew my attention. I wasn't used to the sound, and I certainly wasn't used to hearing it in my house. Huffing as I turned in bed, I contemplated getting up to watch T.V. in the living room where the sounds of the strange and sleeping human would be a little quieter. Vampires never sleep, which meant we had a lot more time on our hands to occupy, but even though I was rolling my eyes at the woman's sounds, I didn't want to shuffle around my place with the human there. As a result, I sighed in resignation, opting to continue hiding in bed and watching the small television resting atop my dresser. From the other room, the snoring stopped, and I grew inexplicably worries until I hears Samantha cough thens shift in her own before resuming her light snoring. Smiling quietly in amusement, I cranked up the volume on my T.V. as I tried to solve the real question.

What the hell had happened, and how was I going to make this up to Antoinette?



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I was roused by the smell of something I hadn't smelled in a very long time: pancakes. I turned off my T.V. and walked out of my room to find Sammy in my kitchen. She stood there in the light of early morning which was filtering in through my UV protected windows. The human was wearing a ridiculous pink a-line dress and black heels making fucking pancakes in my kitchen. She'd made herself right at home, digging through my cabinets to find the dishes she needed and spreading the myriad of ingredients she'd used all over the counter.

Hold on...where did she get the stuff to make pancakes? I didn't exactly keep my pantry stocked since I'd stopped caring about human food about fifty years into my immortality.

Her back was to me, and I spoke. "What are you-?"

My words made her jump. Apparently, I scared her, though when she turned and caught me staring at her, she smiled widely. "Oh, good morning, Timothy."

She had a smear of flour on her cheek. Oh, and she was also wearing a strand of pearls because apparently one needed to wear pearls when they made breakfast. I ignored the unsettling feelings washing over me at the sight of her looking oddly like she fit in my kitchen. Was I being punked? Tricked? This had to be orchestrated by someone? People like this literally don't exist.

"Hello, Sammy." I smiled woodenly and gestured to the ingredients as I spoke, "Where did you get the materials for pancakes?"

She shrugged. "You only have beer in the fridge," Her eyes cut to me icily, atmosphere changing on a dime, "You shouldn't drink so much, by the way. It's not good for your liver."

Following her look and her admonishment, felt cold, almost as if the temperature had dropped. How did she do that? And it wasn't beer in my fridge. It was blood, though I couldn't tell her that fun fact.

Done fussing at me, she smiled again. "I walked down to the store."

"Walked?" I asked in disbelief. I hadn't heard her leave. I should have heard her leave. I could hear her heartbeat from across the room. I would have heard her ridiculous heels on my hardwood this morning.

She grinned,. "I was being quiet. I didn't want to wake you."

I opened and closed my mouth in surprise. She couldn't wake me. I don't fucking sleep. "I...uh."

Sammy looked down and grabbed her spatula, slapping two now finished pancakes onto a plate. "Go wash your hands, Timothy."

Automatically, I turned to head toward the bathroom, ready to oblige. Wait. What the hell was I doing? Mid walk to the bathroom, I turned back around and found her placing our plates on the table. The table? I hadn't used that thing in ages. With a shake of my head, I grabbed a beer bottle of blood out of the fridge and went to sit down. I didn't want to refuse Samantha's breakfast. Why I didn't want to refuse it...well, I would have to find that out. I frowned a little while looking down at my plate. The poor human had gone to all the effort to make my breakfast even though I wouldn't fucking eat any of it.

Seeing me inspecting the meal, she grinned, but her expression darkened when she looked at the bottle I held. "Beer with breakfast?" I didn't miss the accusatory tone in her voice, but I ignored her as settled more into my seat by the table. If only she knew that I had to drink what was in the bottle; otherwise, I'd be tempted to snack on something else later, something clad in a pink dress, white heels, and pearls.

She sat in a chair next to the window, smoothing out her dress as she did. Looking at me with her wide eyes, she asked, "What do you think?"

With a huff, I stared at my plate in confusion once more. "Umm, they look good."

Following my words, she beamed, lighting up the room with her smile. "Oh, I hope you breakfast, Timothy. The pancakes are my own recipe."

I doubted I would like them. I hadn't enjoyed human food for over a century. Of course Vampires could eat normal food. It just lost its appeal over time because it offered us no nutritional value. As I mused, I sensed Samantha regarding me, expectantly, eager for me to take a bite of the food she'd prepared. I sighed. There was no way out of it, huh? Her wide eyes saw everything. I tried to hide my displeasure as I grabbed a fork, speared a small bit of pancake, then shoved the tiny bite into my mouth and scrunched up my face as I chewed. I was prepared to be greeted by something edible but rather bland, something generally alright tasting but that simply wasn't good to me. Therefore, I was surprised that the pancakes tasted...good.

How the fuck did it taste good?

I spoke absentmindedly, my astonishment evident in my voice. "They're...good, Sammy. Really good."

When I ventured a look at the woman, she smiled victoriously. "I'm so happy you like them!" She grinned again before she leaned in closer to me. I felt the heat of her body and was hit by a strong wave of rose scent accompanied by the smells of flour and syrup and my own body wash. Apparently, she'd also used my shower this morning without me knowing. Samantha pinned me wither her gaze as she spoke in conspiratorial tones. "The secret ingredient is love, Tim. Oh, do you mind if I call you Tim? Because sometimes I forget names but-"

I didn't process what she was saying. Fascinated, I cut off another bite of pancake and stabbed it with my fork, holding it up as I inspected it in the morning light. Syrup dripped off forkful and landed back onto the plate. This shouldn't taste good. There was no way that I should find a pile of fucking pancakes edible, let alone appetizing. She was still mumbling something.

"Huh?" I asked, shaking myself from my reverie.

"Is 'Tim' Ok?"

I nodded, still in shock. "Yeah, yeah. Tim is fuc- fine...just fine."

Samantha grinned as she started eating her own breakfast. Shaking my head in wonder, I opened my bottle and took a swig. I was greeted by the sharp, metallic taste of blood, which miraculously still tasted amazing to me. Thank God. It was good to know that my whole being a vampire thing hadn't changed somehow. When I looked back at Samantha to find her mindlessly playing with the pancakes on her plate, looking decidedly sad, I tried to think of some sort of small talk.

"So, what brings you to New Orleans, Sammy?" I took another swig from my bottle, but I was scared to take another bite of pancake. There was something seriously wrong with me.

She set down her fork and looked up at me then smiled darkly as her gaze narrowed unexpectedly and the atmosphere cooled. "I'm going to find the mother fuckers who murdered my father."

I started choking on a mouthful of blood. Come again?





Chapter 4: "Sunflower"


Sammy looked down in abject embarrassment. "I'm so sorry! I shouldn't have cursed. I just-"

"Hold on, sweetheart, you're hunting your father's murderers?"

She nodded, red curls swaying and still refusing to make eye contact with me. Now, to be honest, there were very few moments in my long life which left me speechless. This was definitely one of those few fucking moments. I tried to form words, though. I really did.

"H-how...w-what..."

She looked at me, concern coloring her expression as she stood and put the back of her hand to my forehead while asking, "Are you alright, Tim."

Her small hand was so warm, and I fought the need to involuntarily lean into that tender and sweet caress. No, I wasn't alright. I was not alright at all. This was not normal. To stop myself from giving into my urges, I pulled away gently from her hand.

"Yes, I'm alright, Sammy. Now, what's this about your father being murdered?"

She looked down at her lands folded delicately in her lap as she was swiftly overcome by emotion. I could feel the sadness coming off her in waves as she recollected whatever memories she wanted to share with me. I'd never seen her look so...dark, so sad and brooding.

"I found daddy. He had been...eviscerated." Samantha sniffled and wiped away a tear before continuing. "I only knew it was him because of his belt buckle."

The haunted look in her eyes nearly stopped me because for some reason, I didn't want this poor human soul to have to relive her memories. But she didn't seem to be the type to go out on a revenge mission. So I found myself needing to know more.

"And, how do you know he was murdered?"

Her head snapped up and she glowered at me as if already expecting me to not believe her explanation. "He was murdered. Everyone says it was a cougar attack, but I know he was murdered." She looked away, still angry and spoke, almost to herself, "I know it." Rage. I felt her rage.

"Sammy," I said gently, "I believe you, but maybe you could start from the top. You found your father..." she nodded.

My frown deepening, I continued, "And, specifically, how do you know he was murdered?"

She looked at me defiantly, daring me to question her next words. "I have a feeling."

It was all I could do to keep from laughing, not at her situation of course but because the conviction in her voice was just so at odds with the words she spoke.

"A feeling?" I asked incredulously raising my eyebrows in disbelief

She nodded seriously, squinting her eyes almost like she was challenging me to question her conviction. "Yes, a feeling."

I shrugged, letting go of my skepticism and taking a sip of my blood. "Ok, so you have a feeling-"

"Not just any feeling." She interrupted me passionately, "I had a deep feeling."

"A deep feeling, right..."I trailed off.

She was insane. Certifiably insane. I'd brought a poor crazy woman to my house and let her feed me strange pancakes. Maybe I should look into getting her help. Knight Corp ran several state of the art medical and mental health facilities. I could-

Sammy's soft voice drew me from my musings, and I watched as she stuck out her quivering bottom lip and spoke. "Promise not to laugh if I tell you about it?"

I nodded. Of course I wouldn't laugh at her. Whatever had happened, she believed in her version of events. She didn't deserve my scorn. "I promise not to laugh, Sammy."

Her rage was fading, replaced by a new scent and an expression of....sincerity? Or maybe it was guarded hope. Was that it?

She began speaking. "I sometimes get these feelings, Tim. I call them 'deep' feelings. I've always gotten them. It's like something whispering in your ear and telling you something really important..."

Nuts. This chick was nuts. Adorable, achingly innocent, but entirely crazy. "Go on." I said gently, hiding my true thoughts from her in an effort to hear her story. Maybe it was the damn pancakes that were making me want to hear more.

"The deep feelings warn me about things sometimes. Once when I was little, I had a deep feeling that told me not to walk on the bridge on my way home from school, so I went the long way. And do you know what happened, Tim?" She leaned across the table, pleading with her wide eyes for me to believe her.

"What happened, Sammy?" I asked as I found myself shrinking from the intensity of that gaze.

"The bridge collapsed!" She exclaimed before plopping back into her chair.

"Are you sure it wasn't a coincidence?" Her eyes cut back to me and revealed an unfathomable sense of betrayal. Apparently, my words had struck a nerve, so I quickly added, "Ok, ok, maybe it wasn't a coincidence. What else?"

"I-I, one time I was out eating dinner with daddy. I got a deep feeling about momma. It told me that she had died in a car accident. I was about to tell daddy when his cell phone rang. He picked it up and..." Sammy trailed off before working up the courage to finish, "She was gone."

The sorrow in the woman's eyes made my heart ache as I spoke carefully. "So, you get these feelings a lot?" She nodded. "And you got one of these feelings about your father?"

She agreed again, nodding her head vigorously up and down. "It told me daddy had been murdered by monsters and that I needed to go to New Orleans. I sold everything and spent it on my plane ticket to get here."

I balked, jerking back and looking at her in surprise. "You have no more money?"

She smiled brilliantly. "Of course not, silly. I have $56 after buying the stuff to make breakfast."

I sat back and gawked at her. She...she...Samantha was an enigma. For her part, Sammy just smiled a little sadly as she looked down and took another bite of pancakes. I was still baffled as I watched a little syrup escape the corner of her mouth and slowly run down her chin. The woman then gingerly grabbed a napkin and dabbed her face using an anachronistic grace. She was also using one of my old cloth napkins. I hadn't pulled the cloth napkins out of my linen closet since New Year's 1933.

I felt as if I were about to open a messy can of worms with my next question, but I asked anyway. "And what are you gonna do when you find the killers, Sammy?"

She shrugged, looking down sadly and twirling her fork in the syrup. "I-I don't know, Tim..."

As I watched her, playing with her food and wearing an expression that told me she was bracing for my negative reaction, I felt a conviction settle deep within me. That was it. Hell, I had enough free time on my hands and was desperate to figure out the mystery that was Samantha Calhoun. I was going to figure out just what the hell she was even if it killed me.

However, I couldn't do this on my own. I needed help, and luckily I knew just who to ask.

"Sammy?" I said her name like a question.

She looked up and gave me a small, hopeful grin. "Yes, Tim?"

"Would you like to go visit one of my friends with me tonight?"

She smiled brilliantly, joy washing over her features and wiping away her lingering sadness. "Sure! What should I wear?"

Why? Why was that the first question she thought to ask? Not 'where are we going'? Or 'who are we seeing?' No, Samantha's first instinct was to ask what she should wear. I snorted in amusement at her. This human was literally going to kill me...well, re-kill me, I guessed.





Chapter 5: "Witchcraft"


The bell on the door to the shop chimed as I held it open for Sammy to walk ahead of me. We entered the tiny store just east of the tourist district, and Sammy gawked at the odd collection of artifacts around us. The place was crammed full of unusual idols, tinctures, and bizarre knicknacks. Before I could even say anything, she was wandering away, attention absorbed by looking at all the oddities.

Stéphanie noticed me standing there and came over to welcome me to her shop with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. "Hello, vampire," she said in her characteristic Caribbean accent.

"Hi, Stéphanie." I smiled.

"What have you brought me?" she asked, watching as Sammy knocked over a container of incense while reaching to grab some sort of small idol. Even from my position across the room, I heard her exclamation of "Oh, shoot!" as she quickly set about picking all the incense up.

"Well, I'm not exactly sure. I was hoping you could tell me."

Stéphanie tsked, shaking her head with a smirk as she spoke, "You people...only caring about us when you need something. Fine, bring your human pet over here and let me see her."

I snorted, "She's not my pet," I said under my breath before calling out, "Sammy." The human looked up and smiled, quickly walking to join us as her heels clacked on the ancient floor, "Let me introduce you to my good friend Mambo Stéphanie."

She held out her hand for Stéphanie to shake. The priestess obliged, but pulled her hand away almost as soon as her skin touched Sammy's. Of course the human didn't notice the priestess' hesitation, but I did. This was going to be great. Just great...

This was going to be great. Just great... "I'm Stéphanie."

"I'm Sammy, nice to meet you, Stéphanie," she said with her seemingly permanent smile. With a grunt, Stéphanie looked at me and asked, "How do you stand it?"

I couldn't fucking stand it. That's why I was here . I didn't say that of course. Instead, I offered my old friend a shrug. Sammy, of course, was still oblivious.

I couldn't fucking stand it. That's why I was here With a sigh, the priestess walked over to her front door, locked it, and flipped the "open" sign over to "closed." Addressing me, she said, "We have our work cut out for us tonight, mon cher ."

mon cher

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Walk with me, Sammy," Stéphanie commanded. Sammy obliged, walking around the space next to the woman. I followed closely behind observing the unusual sight, Stéphanie in her traditional Quadrille dress walking alongside Sammy in her ridiculous pink 1950s get-up.



Quadrille

"What is it that you do, Stéphanie?" Sammy asked her politely as we walked slowly through the space.

"Well, child, I'm a mambo, a priestess of Haitain Vodou. I also dabble in other forms of magic."

"Really?" Sammy asked, fascinated, "I've never met someone like that."

Stéphanie smiled. She loved flattery. "Well, not to brag, but some do say I'm the best."

"Oh, I bet you're very talented judging by your shop. You have so many nice things." Sammy stopped, attention captured by a statue ladened with offerings. "This is beautiful. What is it?"

"That's a statue of Papa Legba. He's a very important Loa, or spirit."

"He likes to speak." Sammy blurted before she zoned out, staring at the statue then returning to reality a moment later and adding, "Wow, he can speak every language."

I had never seen Stéphanie look dumbfounded, but fucking Sammy apparently surprised everyone, not just me. "That's right, child. How did you know that?"

Sammy shrugged before replying with, "The feeling." Of course, the fucking "deep feeling" told her.

Of course, the fucking "deep feeling" told her. Sammy looked away from Stéphanie and reached into her pockets then pulled out some hard candies, which she gingerly placed on the altar. Where the hell had she gotten those? "He really wants cigars, but I don't have any. Oh, I know!" She turned to me, "Can I have a penny, Tim?"

Where the hell had she gotten those? Confused, I obliged by digging around in my pocket for my change, which I handed to her. "There!" she smiled, placing the change on the altar. "That's better! He likes money, too."

Stéphanie looked as flabbergasted as I felt as she walked up to Sammy and gently yet reluctantly took both her hands while looking into her eyes. I stood there confused as they stared quietly at each other for a full goddamn minute. When done, Stéphanie released Sammy's hands and asked, "How long have you seen spirits for, child."

Sammy shrugged, seemingly embarrassed, "My whole life," she then turned to me apologetically, "I'm sorry I didn't tell you I could see ghosts, Tim. I didn't want you to think I was weird." It was all I could do to keep from laughing at her words. That ship had fucking sailed, sweetheart.

That ship had fucking sailed, sweetheart. "Oh! There's Papa Candelo!" she exclaimed, running to another altar and pulling a wrapped cinnamon candy from her pocket and placing it at the feet of the statue.

"I see you've found something quite interesting." Stéphanie spoke to me quietly.

If by interesting she meant fucking nuts, then yes. "So...do you know what she is?"

If by interesting she meant fucking nuts, then yes. "I have some theories..." Stéphanie replied enigmatically. Sammy rejoined us after placing the offering, and Stéphanie spoke to us both. "First, Sammy, you're an empath."

"I am?" she exclaimed. I could literally taste her surprise. God, any more of her emotions, and I was going to collapse from dizziness.

"Yes," Stéphanie replied, "and your emotions are just oozing out of you. You can learn to control it, though." The sense of relief I felt roll off of Sammy mirrored my own relief at Stéphanie's words. Thank fucking God.

Thank fucking God. "Second, you're psychic, and I can also help calm the spirits for you." At this admission, I saw tears of gratitude form in Sammy's eyes. Stéphanie didn't acknowledge the tears and simply continued, "Finally, I think...well...I think we need to consult with the Loa about you." What the hell did she mean by that?

What the hell did she mean by that? "What do you mean?" Sammy asked.

Stéphanie smiled reassuringly as she elaborated, "We need to conduct a ceremony, preferably tonight, but it will take me some time to gather everything I'll need and get my people together. Can the two of you be back here at around 11:00 pm?

Before Sammy could even reply, I responded with, "We'll be here." I didn't want to speak for the human, but we had to do something. Otherwise, Sammy was going to give my first migraine in 154 years.

On our way back to the door, Stéphanie grabbed my arm and spoke so that only I could hear, "You're so going to owe me, vampire." Oh, great. I was going to be in debt to the vodou priestess...again.

Oh, great. I was going to be in debt to the vodou priestess...again.





Chapter 6: "Love Potion Number 9"


We re-entered the shop late that night and were greeted by a flurry of activity. People dressed in white were milling about, adding fruit to bottles of alcohol, collecting items from around the shop, and pouring random powders and liquids into bowls.

I sensed Sammy's uncertainty grow, and she moved closer to me as the people working eyed her curiously. The human's tension eased, though, when Stéphanie approached us wearing a white Quadrille dress and a smile.

Quadrille "Hi, Stéphanie!" Sammy said enthusiastically.

"Hello, Ms. Sammy. Are you ready?"

With a grin, the human replied, "I have no idea!" I snorted in amusement as Stéphanie commanded us to follow her to one of the back rooms. The space had clearly once been a bedroom, but it appeared to only be used for storage now. The priestess then opened a door to reveal a bathroom with an old clawfoot tub filled with water and several herbal scents, some I could identify and others I could not. No electric lights were on, and only candles illuminated the space.

Stéphanie turned towards Sammy, handing her a folded white dress. "Ok, child, bathe then put this on. It's for the ceremony."

Sammy didn't question a thing and responded with a cheery, "Ok."

Stéphanie then turned to me, "Ok, va-" I shook my head vigorously. Sammy didn't yet knew about my inhuman nature, and I wasn't sure how she would react. Catching my signal, Stéphanie continued, "Timothy, you put that on." She handed me a white shirt and a pair of white pants. Great, I was going to be part of this little ceremony, too, huh?

Great, was going to be part of this little ceremony, too, huh? Someone called to Stéphanie in French, and she turned her attention to them then back to both of us, "I'll be back soon to get you." With that, she left the storage room, shutting the door behind her. Shrugging, I started to tug off my shirt, eliciting a gasp from Sammy.

When I looked at her, her cheeks were flush. Oh my God, really? With a sigh, I told her, "You're supposed to be in the bath."

Oh my God, really? "Oh, right," she replied absently, heading into the bathroom and shutting the door almost all the way. "It's dark," she said from the other side of the door.

Hell, was she going to narrate all of this, too? I started stripping and putting on the clothes Stéphanie had given me. "I'm getting undressed, Tim!" she called out. Yes, goddammit, apparently she was.

Hell, was she going to narrate all of this, too? Yes, goddammit, apparently she was. "I'm getting in the tub!" she yelled, and I heard splashing.

I rolled my eyes as I yelled back, "Ok, well, I'm done, so I'm gonna go find Stéphanie and see if she needs any help."

"No!" Sammy's yell startled me, "Don't leave, Tim."

"Why?" I asked exasperatedly through the door.

"It's dark in here."

What the fuck did she expect me to do about it? "So, what should I do, then?" I asked.

What the fuck did she expect me to do about it? "Stay there!" she said simply.

"Stay?"

"Just sit there."

"Just sit outside the door?"

"Yes."

"While you take a bath?"

" Yes ," she sounded frustrated with me now because I wasn't apparently understanding, "It's not hard , Tim."

Yes hard Under normal circumstances, if a woman in a bathtub asked me to keep her company, it would be hard, but this was Sammy and these were not fucking normal circumstances. "Fine." I said, irritatedly as I plopped down on a box to wait.

it

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. We entered the large back room that served as Stéphanie's vodou temple. The space was set up for the ceremony and was decorated entirely in white: white drapes over the walls, white table cloths over tables heavy with offerings to the Loa, and everyone wearing white traditional clothing. Candles illuminated the place.

"Pretty," Sammy whispered to no one in particular. I snorted. That was what she noticed.

That "Here we go, Ms. Sammy. If you could be so kind, go stand in the middle of the floor, there." Sammy gave me a curious look as she followed the priestess' orders. What was she looking at me for?

What was she looking at me for? "It's fine, Sammy," I added as an afterthought, "This is just a way to communicate with the Loa." She didn't reply to my words but offered me her silly grin.

The other people in the room, there were ten of them, backed off so that Sammy was left, standing alone in the middle.

"Sit on your knees on the floor, Sammy," Stéphanie commanded. The human complied as Stéphanie began pouring salt from a large bowl to form a circle around her. For a moment, I caught a whiff of Sammy's primary emotion...apprehension. She was nervous, and so was I for some reason.

The priestess then began drawing the veves, spiritual symbols, on the floor in corn starch. I wasn't familiar with what each veve meant, but I assumed the one she put right in front of the altar was for Papa Legba. You couldn't have a Haitian Vodou ceremony without the intermediary between the human and spirit worlds.

As Stéphanie worked, the room was so silent that you could hear a pin drop. Veves drawn, Stéphanie began by anointing herself with the sign of the cross then started praying in a mix of English and French. Soon, the crowd joined in as the priestess took a mouthful of rum from a bottle and spit it toward the altar.

The purpose of a ceremony like this was to enable a Loa to "mount" you and use you as a vessel for communication. After a moment of chanting, I felt the atmosphere shift and looked to see the congregants swaying. I had seen a few of these sorts of ceremonies before, so I knew to expect the attendees to writhe about as the spirits made their presence known. In my observations, I had never seen anything other than writhing, chanting, and murmured words as an indication of possession by the Loa.

However, what I did not expect to see was that when I glanced back at Sammy, her expression was stoic. Even when Stéphanie sprayed a mouthful of rum in her face and subsequently threw cornstarch into it, she sat there, staring into oblivion, no flinching, no indication of surprise. After a moment, her eyes rolled back in her head, and she started swaying. Concerned, I took a step toward her only to be stopped by one of the male congregants who danced into my way.

I was about to shove him aside when I saw Sammy's eyes appeared to return to normal, although they weren't normal . Her smell, her emotions, her eyes, they were all entirely different. The chanting continued, and Sammy twitched while Stéphanie spoke, "Welcome, Papa Legba!"



normal





Chatper 7: "You Give Love a Bad Name"


When Sammy spoke, it definitely wasn't Sammy's voice coming from her small body. No, the sound was boisterous and very obviously male, "I am here, priestess. I heard your call." The chanting of the others continued in the background.

"Legba," Stéphanie spoke, "Please tell us about the human."

"The human was born with a caul and is touched by the gods. The other Loa want-" The chanting and sounds from the other attendees grew louder, their movements more erratic, and Sammy's swaying within the circle became more violent as the words she spoke were cut short. With a groan, she collapsed, and when she arose, her voice and smell had once again changed.

Violently, she grabbed the bottle of rum from Stéphanie's hand and took a massive drink. The priestess swayed over to the altar, where she grabbed a cigar, lit it using a candle, then handed it to Sammy who took a huge drag.

"Baron Samedi," Stéphanie exclaimed, "You came quickly. Welcome!" Sammy-not-sammy continued to sway and drink until finally speaking in a new voice, "I suppose you wonder about the spirit realm, priestess."

The crowd was swaying in closer and clustering in front of me, making it harder for me to observe what was going on in the circle. The spirit possessing Sammy continued, "The Loa and others are restless. Tiamat has plans for the eleven. She-"

Baron Samedi, the Loa apparently possessing Sammy, ceased speaking when her gaze suddenly flitted from the priestess to a darkened corner of the white-lined room. Her eyes widened in fear, and she dropped the bottle of rum as the cigar flew from her hand, almost as if it was kicked away from her. Another invisible blow seemed to strike her head, which flopped back with such force, I was worried she hurt her neck.

Stéphanie's eyes widened in surprise, and Sammy as Baron Samedi crawled back as far as she could within the confines of the circle, blood trickling from a mysterious injury to her head. The congregants continued to sing and sway ever closer, blocking me now. Something was wrong . I had never seen a possession as thorough as this one, and from my understanding, people were never violently attacked by invisible forces when possessed.

wrong Quickly, I pushed the dancing figures out of my way and ran up to the salt circle, reaching my hand across and touching Sammy's shoulder. I felt a tingling through my arm as she turned to face me. She was really Sammy again, but I smelled her terror and confusion. She didn't seem to recognize me as she raised her right hand and pointed it at my chest.

I started to call her name to try to rouse her from her stupor, but before I could, a zap of electricity flew from her upraised palm and slammed into me, throwing me back into a wall with enough force to break three of my ribs and create a sizable hole in the plaster covering the bricks. Her action also seemed to break the spell which had held everyone in a trance, and I slid to the ground the same time Sammy collapsed to the floor unconscious.

My injuries were nothing really, and I stood with a grunt and rushed over to Sammy. Oddly enough, the blood coming from her head injury didn't call to me, and I let out a rush of air in relief when I noticed she was breathing easily and her heart was beating fine in spite of her wound.

"Vampire," Stéphanie spoke, still trying to cease her swaying, "You've found yourself a witch."

I knew it. I fucking knew it . And her magic, the lightning she had attacked me with, had been...pink.



I knew it. I fucking knew it And her magic, the lightning she had attacked me with, had been...pink.





Chapter 8: "Isn't This A Lovely Day?"


Not caring about breaking the circle, I swiftly bent down. For some reason, I felt the need to touch Sammy, an odd urge considering she had just shot a bolt of pink lighting at me and slammed me into a wall with force enough to break vampire bone. It was fine, though. I was already healing, and with my hand on the small of her back, I turned to Stéphanie, who was still reeling as she and the other attendees stared at each other surprised.

"I take it that wasn't normal." I said to my friend.

The priestess shook her head in response. "It was not, vampire. Your witch had no idea of her abilities. Her power has been leaking out for years, which is why she is so difficult to be around. She has been given no guidance and has no control. That is why the Loa gained command of her so easily, and that is why she attacked you. It was instinct driven by fear."

I felt Sammy begin to stir under my hand as Stéphanie continued, "My people and I, none of us are witches, but we can help her develop control."

"What about the attack on her?" I asked.

Stéphanie looked at me darkly as she responded, "That, I do not understand. I will consult with the Loa. I have never seen someone attacked by a spirit in such a manner." I frowned, that didn't sound good.

Now that things had calmed, the priestess took a moment to instruct her followers to begin cleaning up the temple before returning her attention to me and the human, walking over to us as she spoke. "She will need rest. Possession is tiring, and one so...violent is surely taxing. In two days, bring her back here. We will begin lessons."

I looked at my friend, admittedly somewhat confused. Stéphanie had been great to me over the years, but to take on the training of a witch was incredibly difficult. I voiced my concerns, "Surely that will be too much of a task for you, Stéphanie. Perhaps I can work my connections and try to find someone to help her. Witches are incredibly rare, but-"

The priestess shook her head, cutting me off before she spoke, "You do not understand, vampire. I have an obligation to help her. She is touched by the Loa and the gods themselves. If I were to turn my back on her, then I would be turning my back on my role as mambo."

Looking down, I noticed Sammy was still bleeding. I pulled out a handkerchief and held it to her head wound, applying gentle pressure as Stéphanie continued to speak, "The gods obviously have plans we don't understand, vampire. We must keep her existence secret as she trains. The monster hunters have been intensifying their efforts at hunting all inhumans. Since the numbers of witches are so few, they do not have the same sort of advanced protection networks as vampires and other inhumans. She needs us."

At that moment, Sammy awoke. Her eyes blinked open slowly, and she regarded me with a groggy smile. Good, her pupils dilated as normal. Her head injury didn't appear too severe, but we'd have to keep our eyes on it. "Hi, Tim. What happened?"

She started to push herself up off the floor, and I grabbed her upper arm to help her into a sitting position. "We found out what you are, Sammy," I replied. She leaned against me heavily, resting her head on my shoulder.

She looked up at Stéphanie, directing her next question to the priestess, "Really? What am I?"

"Child, you're a witch," Stéphanie replied.

She turned to me wincing at the pain the movement caused but still offering me a lopsided grin, "That's great! I've always loved Bewitched . Oh, the main character's name is Samantha, too."

Bewitched I stared blankly at her as a trickle of blood dripped down her forehead. Her blood smelled like nothing I'd ever encountered before, and, most importantly, it didn't drive me mad with hunger. Why the hell didn't it? I'd have to find that out.

Why the hell didn't it?

"Does that make you my Darrin?" she asked innocently.

Lord, I fucking hoped it didn't.

Lord, I fucking hoped it didn't.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. As a thunderstorm rolled in, I sat in my bed with the T.V. playing some random show while musing about Sammy. A witch? A fucking witch? That revelation certainly explained a lot. Witches were, from my understanding, odd. In the next room, I heard her roll over in bed as a clap of thunder shook my windows.

A witch? A fucking witch? Contrary to popular mythology, becoming a witch wasn't a learned skill. A few normal people could learn magic, to be sure. The hunters, for instance, sometimes employed basic magic in their murderous rampages, and Stéphanie used it daily. However, a witch , someone who could control the elements in a decidedly unnatural and freakishly powerful manner, those were exceedingly rare, like probably fewer than 200 in the entire world rare. They possess raw strength enough to rival most other inhuman species, but they need a lot of conditioning to harness that power, something Sammy clearly didn't have.

witch I had never met a witch personally. In fact, I wondered if Mr. Alesky had even met one. He was far more seasoned than me when it came to experiences with other inhumans. Another clap of thunder shook my home, and both my T.V. and bedside light went out. Great. No power. Yay.

Great. No power. Yay. I stretched and looked around as my powerful eyes adjusted to the blackness, nearly jumping out of my skin when a flash of lightning illuminated a figure standing in my doorway. "Tim, the power is out." Sammy. Fucking Sammy nearly gave me a heart attack when my goddamn heart didn't even really work anymore.

Sammy. Fucking Sammy nearly gave me a heart attack when my goddamn heart didn't even really work anymore. My vampire eyes adjusted to the dark, and I watched Sammy raise her hand to her face and rub her eyes. "I see that, Sammy," I replied. Another peal of thunder clapped, and she jumped.

"I don't like storms, Tim." Big fucking surprise . She stood there, staring, and I somehow knew she was waiting for me to say something.

Big fucking surprise With an annoyed huff, I replied to her unspoken question, "Fine, you can sleep in here, but stay on your goddamn side of the bed." Lightning flashed, and I watched her smile in the dark as she hurried over to the other side of my bed wearing a ridiculous vintage satin nightgown. In the darkness, she stubbed her toe on the side of the bed, eliciting a quiet exclamation of "Darn it!" before she finally found her way to the other side.

She didn't know I could see her in the dark as I watched her practically dive under the covers. With a cringe, I internally lamented that I would never be able to get the smell of roses out of my sheets, and as she settled, I grabbed my phone off the nightstand and started flipping mindlessly through my Twitter feed. "Goodnight, Sammy," I grumbled.

After a few minutes without any noise, I thought she had fallen asleep, but I soon realized she was inching ever closer to me, moving incredibly slowly and trying to remain undetected. I didn't say anything and instead decided to wait and see how far she was trying to go.

When I felt her ice cold feet on my calf, I couldn't keep it together anymore, "Jesus, Sammy, why are your feet so cold?" She scooted just a hair more so that her back was pressed against my side, and I felt her shrug without answering my question.

"Listen, sweetheart, if you really knew about me, you'd be running headlong into that storm to get away from me."

She laughed, genuinely laughed, a musical sound that reminded me of gentle spring rain. When the fuck did I become so poetic? "Vampires aren't all bad, Tim."

When the fuck did I become so poetic? How the hell did she know? "Did the voices tell you what I was?" I asked suspiciously.

How the hell did she know? I heard the irritation in her reply from beneath the comforter, "The deep feelings told me. I don't hear voices. I'm not crazy," she paused before adding, "They also said that you're good."

Well, it was nice to know that the invisible entities whispering into the witch's ear approved of me. At least she knew what I was. That was one less thing I had to worry about.

"Tim?" she asked quietly from under the covers. I could feel the exhaustion wafting off of her.

"Yeah?"

"Are you going to help me find my dad's killers?"

I ceased my mindless scrolling to regard her formless lump in my bed, "Yes, Sammy. I will help you as long as you work with Stéphanie and learn how to use your abilities."

I didn't say it out loud and I planned to explain all this later when she wasn't recovering from her post-possession exhaustion, but she needed to learn, not just for the novelty of using her powers. Witches were often in danger, targeted by the hunters as well as other inhumans who wanted to use them as weapons. As clueless as she was, it would be dangerous to turn Sammy back into the world with no guidance. Sending her away would be like giving a suitcase nuke to Winnie the Pooh then letting him loose. " Oh, bother," indeed.

Oh, bother," indeed. After another quiet minute, her hand crept out from under the covers and flopped around, reaching for something. When it found my right arm, she slowly pulled around her neck as I watched while half-amused and half-annoyed. What was she doing?

What was she doing? When my arm was apparently where she wanted it, she slid her hand back under the covers and nestled closer. First of all, she couldn't get any closer, so I didn't know where she was trying to go. Second, no one nestled against me...well, except for Sammy. I snorted in irritation and mirth. She was already asleep, and all I could wonder was how the hell was supposed to use a phone one-handed?





Chapter 9: "Mr. Brightside"


Sammy was fast asleep sprawled out over my entire bed when my power clicked back on. The storm had long since ceased, and I crawled out from under the blankets as quietly as I could, careful not to disturb the sleeping witch. Who knew what could happen if she didn't get her beauty rest? I really didn't want to be the one to find out considering she possessed the ability to knock me flat on my ass with one wave of her little hand, even if she didn't know how to control that ability yet.

really I had truly meant it when I promised Sammy I would help her find her father's killer, and I took this witch-less opportunity to fire up my computer which rested on an old roll-top desk the living room and conduct a little research. The night before, as we drove to Stéphanie's place, Sammy had divulged to me that her father's name was Casey Calhoun. That knowledge was all I needed.

With this tidbit of information, I only had to conduct a quick Google search to find an article about the case in the Knoxville News Sentinel . According to the piece, Casey Calhoun's body had been discovered at the edge of the Smoky Mountains National Park near his small hometown of Hunter, Tennessee. Casey was an avid hiker, and when he didn't return from one of his excursions, his daughter Samantha went looking for him. That's when she discovered his body, which had been torn apart in what officials claimed was a freak mountain lion attack. Christ, poor Sammy, finding him like that.

Knoxville News Sentinel Now that I had the details, I composed an email to one of my people at Knight Corp, and asked him to pull all relevant files on the case from the law enforcement database. As I typed, I ignored the creeping sensation that I was violating the terms of my vacation. Mr. Alesky had told me that I wasn't supposed to be working on this little break. I tried to shrug off the feeling. Technically , this wasn't work. I was just using my work resources for non-work activities, and what Alesky didn't know wouldn't kill him...well re-kill him. With a grunt, I hit "send" then stood and stretched while checking my watch. Twilight had fallen, and I needed to go out and pick up some things.

Technically Silently, I crept to my room and peeked in to see Sammy snoring lightly with her right arm flung over her face. At some point, she had managed to fling off the covers, and her limbs were splayed out at very uncomfortable-looking angles. I fought the bizarre urge to walk up to the bed and readjust the blankets over her comatose form. Instead, I opted to scrawl her a quick note on a memo pad from my desk to let her know that I was stepping out but that I'd be back soon.

I gently placed the note on the bedside table then left my home. As I locked my front door behind me, I hoped I wasn't making a mistake leaving her alone. Nonsense. Sammy had been alone until she met me. She'd be fine.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Later that evening, I unlocked the door to my house and was greeted by the sounds of Sammy singing and banging around in my bedroom.

"I'm back!" I yelled as I tossed my keys and two bags containing new cell phones onto my dining room table.

"Oh, hi, Tim!" she yelled back at me before adding, "I'm just cleaning. It helps me calm my nerves."

I rolled my eyes. My place wasn't exactly dirty. "What are you cleaning?"

"Your closet!" Wait! Shit, she was in my closet .

Wait! Shit, she was in my closet Quickly, I started walking toward my room as I spoke, "Sammy, don't-"

"So much leather, Tim! Are you a fan of western wear?" I entered my room to find her bent over and digging through a box that she definitely shouldn't be in, a box containing things one would employ for a fun night with Antoinette. "Dammit, Sammy!" I exclaimed, as I rushed over and closed the chest before she could see anything else.

definitely "What?" she asked innocently.

I looked exasperatedly at her, "Sammy, don't go digging through my stuff." She frowned, still holding a dusting rag in her right hand, and I felt a twinge of guilt when her emotions hit me. Why the hell was she so sad?

Why the hell was she so sad? I sighed before adding, "Thank you for cleaning, though." She smiled brilliantly at me after I said that, and as I took in her lopsided grin, I realized she was wearing the least ridiculous outfit I'd seen her wear: black pants and a short-sleeved black shirt with her hair tied up with a kerchief. Her face was smudged with dirt. How was she dirty? My place really wasn't that much of a mess!

How was she dirty? My place really wasn't that much of a mess! "Come on, Sammy. I got you a gift."

"For me?!" She smiled. Why did she look so damn happy as she trotted beside me to the dining room?

Why did she look so damn happy as she trotted beside me to the dining room? "Here." I said as I awkwardly handed her the bag containing her new phone.

Upon seeing what the bag contained, she exclaimed, "Oh, I can't accept this, Tim."

I laughed, baffled by her reluctance. She had already accepted everything else I had given her. This wouldn't be any different. "Yes, you can, Sammy. I already saved my number to it for you."

"In that case," she said as she smiled absently while pulling the pink device out of its box and fiddling with it. She looked as if I had just given her a million dollars, and I literally felt her joy. Dear lord, I hoped Stéphanie would be able to get this empath thing under control very soon. I was starting to feel like I was Sammy, which was a decidedly unnerving experience. Speaking of feeling like Sammy, I did sense a hint of tiredness through her joy.

literally was "How do you feel?" I asked, remembering Stéphanie's explanation of how taxing possession is.

"Oh, I love the phone."

"No, I mean physically. Stéphanie said it would take a little while before you get to feeling like yourself again."

She looked away sheepishly, "Well, I am a little tired."

"Then what were you doing cleaning my house?"

Sammy looked back at me then. "I...I feel guilty for...well for everything. I was trying to think of ways to make up for being, you know, me ."

me I felt a tug, only a little one, at my non-beating heart. "Sammy, it's OK. You are who you are. You don't need to apologize for it," I smiled to let her know that I meant it, "Besides, I'm on vacation any way. I didn't have anything big planned." God, why did I feel the urge to lie with that last bit?

God, why did I feel the urge to lie with that last bit? "Good," she said, and I felt the relief roll off her.

I shrugged, "Why don't you take it easy? Tomorrow night, you have your first training session with Stéphanie, so relax. What would you like to do?"

She smiled and replied without hesitation, "Watch Bewitched ."

Bewitched I frowned. Why did I let her plan anything?

Why did I let her plan anything? " Be-fucking-witched it is..." I mumbled with irritation under my breath.

Be-fucking-witched She frowned, tiny nose wrinkling with distaste. "Tim, language," she admonished me.

I glared. The fucking vodou priestess had her shit cut out for her with this one, didn't she?

The fucking vodou priestess had her shit cut out for her with this one, didn't she?





Chapter 10: "Crazy"


The next night, we both entered Stéphanie's shop not knowing what to expect. I had no earthly idea what the training of a witch entailed, and I simply had to trust that my old friend knew what she was doing. Upon seeing us in her store once again, the priestess sauntered over and greeted me with her usual smile then peck to my cheek.

Sammy stuck by my side as I asked the priestess, "What's on the agenda for tonight, mambo?"

"Well," she began, "I've thought a good deal about this and consulted with the Loa. We will work on meditation to help Sammy learn to control her emotions. I have also devised a plan to help direct her abilities and prevent them from oozing out of her, which is basically what has been happening until now."

Sweet merciful Jesus, did that mean there would be no more emotional whiplash for me? Thank Christ!

Sweet merciful Jesus, did that mean there would be no more emotional whiplash for me? Thank Christ! "How are you gonna do that? Stop things from just coming out like they usually do?" Sammy asked with a tilt of her head. As she finished her question, a young man bearing a striking resemblance to Stéphanie exited the back of the shop and joined us in the front, drying his hands absently on a clean towel as he walked.

In response to Sammy's question, Stéphanie gestured to the man, "This is my nephew, Emmanuel. He's a tattoo artist." Oh, shit...Sammy wasn't going to like this.

Oh, shit...Sammy wasn't going to like this. Right on cue, I felt Sammy's panic develop as realization dawned on her, "I...uh...tattoo artist?"

Stéphanie smiled, either oblivious to Sammy's terror or ignoring it, "Of course, child. It's part of my plan. There are several seals which will help focus your abilities, some are veves, others..."

Emmanuel jumped in, "Ignore her witchcraft rambling, Sammy. I see you're nervous, but it won't be that bad. Come on, I'll show you my set up." He gestured for her to follow him, and Sammy did without hesitation while wearing a skeptical, nervous smile. I scowled. I had never met Emmanuel, and Sammy just all of a sudden trusted the guy?

Stéphanie ignored my expression of distaste and spoke to me as we followed behind the pair, "Come on, vampire. I'll explain the plan to you both."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. With Sammy sitting atop a portable tattoo table next to Emmanuel's equipment and me leaning against the door frame with my arms crossed behind her, Stéphanie showed us both illustrations of the images which would soon be permanently affixed to the witch's back. Sammy had been abnormally quiet and pale since learning that the mambo's plan involved permanent body art, and I could taste her fear.

"These," Stéphanie explained, "Are the veves I think will best help contain your emotions. I've also collected some Celtic symbols for protection and a few small Egyptian ones like the Eye of Horus. Oh, and of course I've included pentagram..."

I regarded Sammy, who wasn't really listening to anything the mambo was saying. When the priestess finished, Sammy said quietly, "I hate needles."



"Ah," Stéphanie replied, "but I have heard this method of body modification to be very effective at helping the spiritually gifted. I am aware that you are both a witch and spiritually touched, but I have no reason to believe that this won't work for you as it does for others. It will be well worth it, child."

Emmanuel, who up until this point had been busy preparing things, piped in rather unhelpfully, "It'll be alright, Sammy. Now, pull your dress down so that we can work on your back. You can leave your bra on, but we will have to unhook it."

I had been watching this entire exchange with a frown, and at the tattoo artist's words, I uncrossed my arms and scoffed. Did he have to be so cavalier about it?

"Tim?" Sammy called, as she complied with the man's request.

"Yeah?" I asked.

"Will you sit with me?"

I grunted and said nothing as I grabbed a chair and put it down at the head of the table, where Sammy was resting her chin. With a sigh, I sat down just as Emmanuel started cleaning her back with a green soap mixture then alcohol. The cold made Sammy jump. With the skin prepped, he started applying the stencils where Stéphanie directed him to.

When they were done, I blanched as I realized just how much they wanted to tattoo this evening. "Are you really going to do all of that in one session?" I asked.

Emmanuel looked at me and smiled faintly, "Auntie Stéphanie insisted we complete it tonight."

"Emmanuel speaks the truth, Timothy," Stéphanie added, "It's essential that this tattooing be done before we begin training. We urgently need to start but cannot without the symbols."

I shrugged. I guess there was nothing I could do. Sammy startled me by grabbing my hand when she heard the mambo's nephew turn on his machine. Good lord, the guy hadn't even started yet. Stéphanie left the room, presumably to let Emmanuel work in peace, and Sammy clung to me as if she were about to be attacked.

Good lord, the guy hadn't even started yet. "Sammy it's...fine. It'll be fine." I said awkwardly as she yelped when Emmanuel touched her back with the implement.

"See, Sammy," the kid said with a smile, "It's not that bad." When she jumped a little, he laughed softly and told her gently to try to stay still. Why the fuck was he laughing at her?

Why the fuck was he laughing at her? Struck by an idea, I said, "Hold on, Emmanuel. Let me get something." I tried to walk away, but Sammy wouldn't let go of my hand. "I'll be right back," I said with a smile, and she finally released me from her grasp. I went into the front of the shop and grabbed a full bottle of spiced rum off one of the altars to the Loa under the disapproving stare of the priestess. I shrugged. She could yell at me later if she wanted.

I went back to Sammy's side, cracked the bottle open, and took a huge gulp. She eyed me with a narrowed, icy stare, and I shrugged and held the bottle out to her, offering her some. I felt her anti-alcohol conviction waiver, and with a sigh, she sat up, holding her bra up with her left hand and grabbing the bottle from me with her right.

With a scrunched face, she turned up the bottle and chugged. I watched, slightly amused by Sammy's disgust. Her reaction further strengthened my already fervent belief that she really was possessed by the Loa the other night when she downed half a bottle of rum with no adverse effects.

When she'd had the equivalent of 3/4 cup, I gingerly grabbed the bottle from her, "Easy, tiger."

She wiped her mouth as she asked, "Was that enough?"

Emmanuel laughed, "That was only about four shots worth, Sammy."

I scowled at the man. For someone who didn't drink much, that was a lot. I didn't say anything, though, and took another swig as I sat down and Sammy resumed her prone position.

was The tattoo artist turned his machine back on and touched it to Sammy's back. She cringed, before saying, "Tim?"

Her saying my name as a question woke me from my reverie, "What?"

"Just...talk to me."

I racked my brain, thinking of something to say, "Well, I have always wondered something about you."

"What is it?"

"Why do you dress like that?"

"Like what?"

"Like you just walked off the set of Roman Holiday ."

Roman Holiday "Oh, that..." she winced as Emmanuel moved to a particularly sensitive spot, "most of these clothes belonged to my grandmother. She was a seamstress."

She winced yet again. I wanted to keep distracting her. "Were you and your grandmother close?"

"We never met," she cringed, "but people make fun of me...a lot. I found that when I dressed well wearing the clothes she made, it helped a little."

"Oh..." I said, finding myself curious about who had made fun of her. Sammy screwed her eyes shut and gritted her teeth until Emmanuel let up, moving to a less sensitive spot. She sighed in relief, and I continued my questioning, "Why are you always wearing heels? They don't seem comfortable."

"Do you know the history of high heels, Tim?"

No, I didn't fucking know the origins of high heels . "Nope," I said.

No, I didn't fucking know the origins of high heels Sammy smiled as she continued, "High heels were developed by the Persian cavalry in the 900s. They were a way for riders to stand in their stirrups so that they could fire their bows when attacking from horseback." She cringed again before picking her story back up, "And do you know what happened after they started wearing them in battle?"

"No, Sammy, I don't."

"High heels became a symbol of the warrior class. Male royalty soon adopted them. Wearing high heels showed the world your status, your power. Eventually, women started wearing them too until the French Revolution made high heels too 'bourgeoisie'."

She continued through clenched teeth, "It was only recently that high heels were associated with femininity. Historically, heels were an essential symbol of status and power, a tool for war that enabled the Persians to gain control of large swaths of the Middle East and Asia. Owwww," she looked at me then, eyes glistening with unshed tears, "That one hurt."

I stared at her, taken aback. I hadn't expected her to be so...thoughtful. "Sammy, that's quite insightful."

She smiled, ignoring my words and instead suggesting, "Let's get ice cream when this is over."

I frowned. Where the hell would we get ice cream in the middle of the night?

Where the hell would we get ice cream in the middle of the night? "Fine," I sighed. She was back to little old clueless Sammy. On one level, I was relieved. On another, I found myself wanting to get to know insightful Sammy a little better. Idly, I wonder if insightful Sammy would come back out tonight as Emmanuel worked and Sammy clung to my hand for dear life. I took another swig of rum. It was going to be a long night.





Chapter 11: "In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning"


At 4:00 am, I got up to make sure my front door was locked. At least, that's the story I initially told myself. In reality, I hadn't heard a peep from Sammy in the living room, and I secretly wanted to check on her.

I moved silently and found her sitting on the floor and slumped over my coffee table which was covered with books and notes about witchcraft that Stéphanie had given her to review. As soon as we'd gotten home from the vodou shop, Sammy threw on her nightgown and set up camp in the living room to study.

She seemed passionate and eager to learn but also tired, which explained why I was currently staring at her out cold with a sticky note stuck to her forehead and pink highlighter smudging her left cheek. I walked over and grabbed the remote from the floor beside her and flicked off the TV, which had been playing a marathon of the Dick Van Dyke Show . Idly, I realized that she really had made a royal mess of my living area with all her papers and pens. For some reason, though, I wasn't irritated by the clutter.

Dick Van Dyke Show I squatted down next to her, taking in her bandaged back which was peeking out from under the black satin of her nightgown. "Sammy," I said quietly. No response. With a sigh, I reached out and pulled the green sticky note off her head, brushing her hair aside in the process.

"Sammy," I said again as I touched her shoulder. Still, there was no response. She was dead to the world, wasn't she? I contemplated just tossing a blanket over her and letting her sleep there, sprawled out like that in my living room, but somehow that didn't feel right.

She was dead to the world, wasn't she? Instead, for some unfathomable reason, I decided to grab her and carry her back to the guest room, careful to mind her fresh tattoos as I scooped her up. She weighed practically nothing and rested her head against my shoulder as I walked.

When we reached the bed, I set her down gently on her side rather than her back, and she sank into the mattress breathing deeply and evenly. I then grabbed the extra blanket from the foot of the bed and tossed it unceremoniously over her sleeping form.

Looking down at Sammy, I noticed that in the process of moving, a bit of her hair had somehow gotten stuck to her lips. I bent over to brush the lock aside, suddenly hit by an overwhelming smell of roses. I breathed deeply and leaned in closer, fighting the urge to reach out again.

There was something so different about her. Yeah, she was a psychic witch, but there was something else, something harder to articulate. Weird shit about her aside, Sammy was kind and genuinely tenderhearted; trusting and pure. I had been walking this earth for a long time but had never met someone as authentic her. The funniest thing, though, was that she had no fucking idea, no understanding that she was special.

different I sighed, she was too good for this world, too good for me, and the fact that she had been hurt so badly in her short life infuriated me. I moved in even closer as she inhaled and exhaled evenly, deep in sleep. She was so tired that I doubted anything would wake her. Curiously, I wondered if she would know if I-

My phone chimed in the pocket of my jeans indicating that I had gotten an email. Quickly, I pulled back, brushing my previous thoughts aside briskly. Surprisingly, the sound of my phone didn't wake Sammy, but she did groan and roll onto her other side. Walking silently, I snuck out of my guest room and shut the door softly behind me after venturing one last glance at the witch's sleeping form.

In the hall, I pulled my phone out of my back pocket and checked my notifications. I had finally gotten a follow-up email from Knight Corp about Casey Calhoun. I scowled as I thought about the murder and the sorrow I felt from Sammy whenever she talked about the attack. It was time to do some detective work while the witch slept.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I sat at my computer staring numbly at the files I had been sent. The photographs in the case file were startling to say the least, and I couldn't believe that poor Sammy had been the one to find her father like this. As she said, there was almost nothing left of the human, and the pile of flesh looked like a freshly butchered animal rather than a man. His limbs were removed and torso flayed open, intestines spilling onto the ground. Not wanting to see more, I minimized the photographs and pulled up the autopsy report.

After scanning the document quickly, I grunted in anger. Any fool could tell that the report was rushed and decidedly un-thorough. The authorities automatically assumed that an attack this violent was caused by an animal. Granted, some of his injuries were consistent with this narrative, yet a few of the bones were very obviously severed cleanly with almost surgical precision.

Furthermore, the body didn't appear to have been consumed by an animal as one would expect if a mountain lion attacked. They were right, though, in that the severing of a few of the limbs seemed to have been done perimortem, and I shuddered as I thought about the fact that Sammy's father was alive for parts of his dismemberment.

In spite of this morbid revelation, I couldn't stop reading, finding myself driven by a desire for answers. I spent the rest of the early morning reviewing the documents multiple times. By the time the sun came up and I heard Sammy beginning to stir in my other room, I had reached a few conclusions.

Officials had botched the autopsy, and the police were incredibly quick to rule Calhoun's death an animal attack. Granted, I understood their inclination to wash their hands of the issue by handing it over to the National Park Service, especially considering the abnormal violence of the attack and the fact that law enforcement didn't know about monsters existing in the world. However, they should have put more effort into doing their job.

I was also enraged that they wouldn't give Sammy the time of day when she tried to tell them she didn't think her father was killed by an animal. In fact, the case files described Sammy as unhinged and hysterical with a history of mental health problems, and officials immediately dismissed anything she said as insane ramblings from a deranged mind.

I sat there, stewing, getting angrier and angrier until I heard the mattress creak as Sammy got up. Quickly, I tramped down my rage, closed everything I had been reading, and stood, stretching as Sammy walked into the living room yawning and rubbing her eyes.

"Morning, Tim." She smiled brilliantly, and I immediately felt nominally better when I saw her. She looked...happy, and I found myself able to push the details of her father's case from my mind, at least momentarily.

Sammy had seen such terrible things, but instead of shrinking away, she took action, trusting herself and leaving everything she had ever known in search of answers. Granted, she had no idea what she was fucking doing, running off to New Orleans with no money or plan, but she tried . And now, here she stood, happy as a lark and staring at me with sleepy eyes while still wearing her nightclothes.

tried "Morning." I smiled back.

She yawned as she asked, "Do you want some coffee and pancakes?" Christ, why was she so damned domestic?

Christ, why was she so damned domestic? "Sure, Sammy." I watched as she shuffled toward my kitchen still half asleep.

With a start as I watched her retreating figure, I realized that I hadn't felt her. Ever since I met Sammy that fateful night, I found myself feeling as if I were in her head, feeling what she felt. The intensity of the emotion was enough to make me sick, and more than once, I felt like a slave to Sammy's moods.

felt Today, though, when Sammy had just told me good morning, I hadn't felt her . No, I'd only seen Sammy while feeling my own emotions about her. Some of my thoughts about the witch, I welcomed. Others, I didn't want to grapple with.

her My new found liberation from her emotions had to be thanks to the priestess. Thank God those fucking tattoos seem to be working . As I trotted after the sound of batter being whisked in a metal mixing bowl in my kitchen, I fervently hoped my freedom would continue. Randomly, I thought that maybe I would actually eat those pancakes today, after all.



Thank God those fucking tattoos seem to be working





Chapter 12: "Iko Iko"


Two nights later and after Stéphanie said the witch should be sufficiently recovered, Sammy and I headed to her first lesson in the priestess' shop. I tried to ignore my growing unease about the murder of her father as I plotted my next investigative move. I had promised Sammy I would find answers for her, and I was committed to that promise. However, she sure was a good distraction.

Over the course of the ride to Stéphanie's establishment, Sammy was practically bouncing with anticipation. Thank God the vodou tattoo mumbo jumbo seemed to be shielding me from her emotions. Otherwise, I'd be feeling about as giddy as a schoolgirl, exactly like the witch currently fiddling with my radio from the passenger seat.

"Sammy, can you please pick a station?" I asked irritatedly as she continued to fidget.

please She didn't listen and instead kept filtering through stations at breakneck speed. How she heard what was playing on each station, I don't even know. I took my eyes off the road momentarily to regard her, tongue peeking out from the corner of her mouth as she concentrated, "I'm hunting for something."

I snorted, returning my attention to the road, "And what are you looking for?"

"The Secretary of Commerce was making an announcement today about America's technology trade policy with a Chinese company called Huawei Technologies, but I can't find anything about it." Why? Why in the hell did that bit of news matter?

Why? Why in the hell did that bit of news matter? Not discovering what she wanted on the radio, she shrugged, settling instead on a channel playing "Hello Darlin" by Conway Twitty. "This is good," she said. Was it though?

Was it though? Shaking my head, I found myself thankful that we were nearing Stéphanie's shop. I was a fan of neither the commerce secretary nor Conway Twitty.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Stéphanie greeted us at the door and led us both to the back room, which was set up much like it was for the ritual the other night. The only difference I noticed was that the ambiance was a little less elaborate, lacking the white decorations and Stéphanie devotees wandering around.

Without any prompting, Sammy went up to the altars in the room and gently placed candies pulled from her pockets as offerings for the Loa. As I watched her, I noticed her shoulders were relaxed, free from the tension I sometimes noticed on our previous visits. In truth, she now seemed to feel oddly at home here, wandering around the priestess' shop and ritual room, both of which were filled to the brim with magical items.

"How are your tattoos, child?" Stéphanie asked as she also watched Sammy work.

Sammy shrugged with her back to both me and the priestess as she began to tinker with the altar in front of her, tidying up the mass of offerings other people had left for the Loa. I knew it would take the tattoos a while to heal properly, and she was still bandaged. However, they didn't seem to bother her, "Fine. I've been taking care of them like Emmanuel told me to."

I fought the urge to groan at the witch's words. I'd noticed Sammy had been particularly chatty about Emmanuel since the marathon tattooing session, and I didn't know how I felt about that development.



Satisfied with her efforts, Sammy turned to us with a smile which was creepy as it was disarming. Hang on, Sammy wasn't disarming.

Hang on, Sammy wasn't disarming. She spoke then, pulling me from my musing, " They tell me it's time to get started, Stéphanie." The priestess didn't show her surprise. Maybe Sammy's statement hadn't surprised her.

They "Alright, Sammy," Stéphanie replied, "Today, we will work on meditation. You need to learn control." Sammy nodded her understanding as the mambo continued, "Have you been studying the materials I gave you?" Hell yes she had. Her shit was spread out all over my damn house.

Hell yes she had. Her shit was spread out all over my damn house. "Oh, yes," Sammy replied, eager to please, "I'd like to try Transcendental Meditation and the Method of Loci."

Stéphanie blanched at her words. That reaction told me "Transcendental Meditation" and the "Method of Loci" probably weren't good for Sammy at this juncture in her training. Gently, she redirected the witch, "I admire your eagerness, but we need to start small. Have a seat, and we will focus on breath and energy for today."

Wordlessly, Sammy complied, taking her place in the middle of the floor. Stéphanie followed suit and sat facing Sammy. I watched passively from the corner where I leaned against the wall with my arms crossed over my chest.

"Close your eyes, Sammy. Listen to the silence for a moment," Stéphanie commanded.

Sammy complied as she folded her hands across the lap of her ankle-length black skirt. She looked serene, and I noticed the smell of roses intensify a bit as she breathed deeply in and out.

The mambo allowed a few moments to pass before speaking, "Good, child. Focus on breathing. In...out...in...out. That's right." Stéphanie said all this quietly as she reached behind her and pulled a small basket out from under the Papa Legba altar. As Sammy continued to breathe gently with her eyes closed, Stéphanie sorted through the basket until she produced several crystals of various colors and placed them in a line in front of her.

"Ok, Sammy, keep your eyes closed and continue your breathing. You're doing well, child. Now, I have before me five stones-"

"Ajoite, agrellite, turquoise, obsidian, and red jasper..." Sammy blurted out without opening her eyes.

The mambo's eyes did widen at that statement, but her voice didn't betray her surprise, "Good. Now, as you breathe, imagine a blindingly white room. You're standing there, in the middle of that room. You look down and see a stone in your hand. What does it look like?"

did "It's long and black, shiny and geometric." Her petite features scrunched up with concentration, "They won't tell me what it's called." Okay, who the hell are "they"?

Okay, who the hell are "they"? After thinking for a moment, the priestess stood quietly, careful to avoid disturbing the witch, and entered her shop. She returned moments later carrying a spiky looking black mineral composition.

She resumed her place and set the new stone in front of Sammy alongside the other minerals. The witch smiled, speaking with her eyes still closed, "Aegirine. That's it."

The mambo smiled faintly at her positive reply, "Alright, child. Is that everything?" Sammy paused and cocked her head almost as if she were listening to something before nodding in affirmation.

"Good," Stéphanie continued, "Now, fall into your breathing again, deeper this time. In...out...Excellent, you're in that room again, and all six of those stones are before you. Do you see them?"

"Yes. They're floating in front of me."

"Perfect, child. Now this next part is more difficult. I want you to imagine your power. It's an elemental force that feels like it resides in your chest. Think about it. Breathe. Do you feel it there, pulsating with a comfortable heaviness in your core."

"Yes." The smell of roses got a touch stronger.

"Wonderful, now-"

"It's moving around too much," Sammy interrupted.

"I know, Sammy. That's what you're learning to fix. Now, imagine balling up that feeling, condensing it into a solid sphere in your core instead of a swirling mass. Can you do that?"

There was a long pause, and I watched the witch's brow furrow with the effort, "There, I've got it." Her voice was strained, almost as if she were physically exerting herself.

"Now, imagine a piece of that energy ball, a very small piece, being pulled off that sphere then radiating through your arms and into your palms."

Tiny beads of sweat formed on her brow as she attempted to follow the mambo's instruction. After a full minute of silence, the hair on my arms started to stand up and I felt a tingling in my ears.

From the center of the room, Sammy breathed a strained yet relieved sigh. She still appeared to be concentrating unnaturally hard as she spoke, "Done."

"You're doing very well, Sammy. Hold that energy there. Now, this next task will be the last thing I want you to do tonight. Are you ready?"

"Yes."

"I want you to release the energy from your arms as you touch one of the crystals. The minerals are a safe way to disperse your power. They will help keep you grounded, but you need to learn how to transfer the energy to them. Can you do this?"

A slow nod from Sammy, who's brow was now quite damp with her salty-smelling sweat. Slowly, she reached out, instinctively going directly for the spiky black stone. Her scent strengthened, and I felt the zap of electricity in the air as her fingers were about to brush the mineral. Intuitively, I knew something was about to happen.

Uncrossing my arms, I spoke, "Sammy, maybe..." My words were too late. A bolt of pink energy weaker but with the same form as what she had inadvertently attacked me with during the ceremony shot out of her palm and into the black stone as she failed spectacularly in her attempt to gently transfer her energy into the mineral.

The whole rock exploded in a shower of black dust, followed immediately by the other five stones on the floor which blew up all at once and in a similar manner. A mass of pulverized rock bits filled the room, showering Sammy, Stéphanie, and myself. The scent of roses was so strong that it stung my nostrils.

Sammy's eyes flew open with surprise, and the sudden force of her shock hit me with enough energy to steal my breath and nearly knock me over. After a second, though, I can only assume the symbols on her back took over, and I mercifully no longer felt the witch's surprise. Thank God I could breathe again. I didn't have to breathe, mind you, but old habits die hard.

have Upon seeing her handiwork, Sammy's hand flew to her mouth and she exclaimed, "Oh, Stéphanie, I'm so sorry."

I then looked at the mambo who, rather than being upset by the destruction of her stones, grinned widely at the witch in front of her, "That's alright, child. It was an accident. Next time, use far less of your energy when transferring."

When she realized that the priestess wasn't upset and instead appeared to be quite pleased, Sammy turned to me and grinned proudly, "I can practice this at home, Tim!"

"Sammy, I don't think-" She regarded me then with narrowed eyes, angrily anticipating my next words. I felt a slight tingling of power, and I idly wondered if she was doing it intentionally now?

"Fine." I sighed before adding, "But promise you'll be careful. I'm sure magical explosions aren't covered under my homeowner's insurance, and it isn't necessarily safe...for you I don't think."

Stéphanie laughed then as she stood shaking the rock dust out of her clothes and hair as she moved, "Your human will be fine, vampire!"

Sammy and I both spoke in unison:

"I'm not his-"

"She's not my-"

The mambo continued to laugh as she stalked out of the back room, pausing to call over her shoulder, "Since you two get along so well and are both using me for your benefit, you get to clean up my ritual room. We're done for the evening."

Sammy stood and turned toward me, absently wiping the sweat mixed with pulverized rock pieces from her brow with the back of her hand while smiling brilliantly at me, "Oh, I enjoy cleaning."

I frowned. I fucking didn't...



I fucking didn't...





Chapter 13: "Closer"


That's how the next few months passed. Sammy would train every night, excluding weekends. At first, I would observe her training sessions with the mambo passively and from my corner. However, I found that whenever Sammy became abnormally frustrated or surprised or angry with herself about something, whatever power holding her feelings in check would slip for a moment, and I'd get smacked in the face emotionally by the witch.

For some reason, I seemed to be the only one affected so heavily by her feelings. Stéphanie only expressed minor discomfort over Sammy's moods, and Emmanuel, when he showed up, seemed to be entirely unaffected by them. Most of the time, I didn't mind being around Sammy because either the tattoos kept her feelings at bay or the emotions that snuck out of her unintentionally were something like joy or awe. In all honesty, most of her emotional faux pas were kind of entertaining to me.

I During training, though, Sammy was almost frighteningly determined, and whenever the wall holding her moods back failed, I would feel that determination coupled with raw power and whatever emotion had weakened her defenses in the first place. It wasn't necessarily a bad experience. It was just disorienting, and some nights I simply wanted to wait in Stéphanie's shop while fiddling on my phone as Sammy accidentally destroyed something else in the ritual room in her quest to control her abilities.

I always stuck around the shop rather than going out for the evening, though, even if I found myself sitting bored in the priestess' store fiddling with some unidentifiable bundle of herbs or other witchy materials. Something told me my presence was necessary, that I needed to be there for Sammy. I chalked it up to her witchcraft nonsense, and I didn't know how I felt about the sensation.

needed Emmanuel would occasionally show up to "help" with Sammy's training. Judging by the looks he gave her as he aided the priestess in preparing herbs or gathering crystals and trinkets, he was there to do more than innocently assist his mambo aunt. On the days he was present in the establishment, I found myself a little on-edge, sitting in on the lesson and passively observing everything from the corner rather than hiding in Stéphanie's shop as had become my custom. Sammy, of course, was oblivious to the man's interest, but the tattoo artist couldn't hide anything from me.

As for Sammy, she did her best to internalize everything the priestess taught her. In terms of academic understanding of her abilities and methods she could employ to control them, she grew by leaps and bounds. Truthfully, her advancement was one thing that surprised me most about her; Sammy could be damn smart when she wanted to, a statement I would have called bullshit on only a month or so ago.

The problem with her practical application of academic understanding was that the witch was far more powerful than any of us anticipated. I had always heard about the raw power witches possessed, but I couldn't fully appreciate this point until I got glimpses of that power when Sammy's mental blocks slipped or when she accidentally lit something on fire...like my couch when she tried to practice creating pink flames using her magic in my house.

Thank God I invested in a fire extinguisher a few years ago because I didn't trust the electric wiring in my place. Otherwise, I would have had to see if my homeowner's insurance covered witch-related incidents.

would Time with Sammy passed quickly. Thankfully, I still had about three months of vacation left, but when it came time for me to resume my duties at Knight Corp, I didn't know what we would do. We had fallen into a routine that I was ashamed to admit I was going to miss, and I still had a promise on which I was yet to deliver.

and As I sat on a stool behind the counter in Stéphanie's store listening to Sammy laughing about something in the ritual room, I lamented that time was running out for the promise I made her. I had tried to investigate what happened to her father using my Knight Corp resources, but I found nothing, no trace of the killer or killers. The trail was going cold.



Now that I knew Sammy, I was entirely aware of the fact that her "deep feelings" were far more reliable than your classic Nostradamus predictions, so I didn't doubt for a moment that her father had been murdered. However, I couldn't find anything . There were absolutely no leads. I sent some of my people to her home town immediately after getting the case files, but according to my guys, nothing was amiss. They didn't scent anything supernatural anywhere in Hunter, Tennessee or the surrounding areas, and nothing unusual was reported in the town of 1,800 people.

anything Nevertheless, Sammy had told me that her father was murdered by monsters, which was something my people should be able to pick up on. I avoided interrogating Sammy because the events of the day she found her father were already documented, and I didn't want to dredge up those memories.

should However, as I absently fiddled with some sort of vodou doll I had found on the counter, I reached two conclusions: First, I was up against a wall, and I'd have to get some information from Sammy directly, as much as I didn't want to. Second, I'd then have to pay a little personal visit to the town of Hunter, and I really didn't think it would be a good idea for Sammy to go with me.

Hearing footsteps heading my way from the ritual room, I put the doll down and looked up as Sammy and Stéphanie entered the front room. Upon seeing me staring, Sammy smiled and wordlessly held up her right hand. I flinched involuntarily, never knowing what the witch was going to do next. She'd never intentionally hurt me or anyone else for that matter, but her lack of control was damned problematic

Despite my trepidation, I watched as with a snap of her fingers a pink flame the size of a quarter sprang to life and danced around lazily between her thumb and middle finger. I had never seen her exert so much control over her power, and, in an odd way, her progress was satisfying for me to see.

I winced internally, though, when I noticed the little singe marks on the right sleeve of her white blouse. Well, I guess to make an omelet, you do have to crack a few eggs.

do Stéphanie beamed at Sammy with a look more akin to a parent watching her child graduate from college than a mambo watching a witch. "She's getting better, vampire. She will spend the rest of her life honing her craft, but our progress together has been impressive."

Sammy ignored the praise and addressed me directly while staring at her fingers with fascination and speaking absently, "Oh, Tim, Stéphanie told me that I'll get to meet another witch next week. She's visiting from Germany, and her name is Emma."

I scowled. Stéphanie hadn't told me that news. Was this other witch trustworthy? What if it was a trap or ploy? Before my mind could run away with the worry, though, I reminded myself that I trusted Stéphanie implicitly. Ever since we first worked together twenty-five years ago to track down a rogue werewolf murdering people in the swamps near Belle Chasse, the priestess had never given me reason to doubt her.

She had never deceived me, and I occasionally sensed the sincere scent of maternal love coming from her when she and Sammy worked together. She wouldn't intentionally put Sammy at risk. I knew this fact, rationalized it, but for some reason, I was still uneasy.

Nevertheless, Sammy was so happy that I plastered on a smile and said, "That's great" as she put her pink flame away and lowered her hand to her side while looking at me with pride.

I dreaded bringing up this next part, but I figured it was better to address this issue with both myself and Stéphanie here considering we comprised the entirety of the witch's support network. "Sammy..."

"Yes, Tim?"

"I haven't gotten any leads about your father."

At my words, she frowned sadly as her shoulders slumped. "I was worried about that..." she trailed off.

I took a deep breath before continuing, "I'll have to ask you some questions, see if there's anything that was missed, maybe something humans would find insignificant."

"Well, vampire," Stéphanie jumped in, "There is something that we could do. We couldn't do this before because Sammy was so...unpredictable, but we've worked a little on the Method of Loci now."

Was I supposed to know what the hell that was? Perhaps reading my confused expression, Sammy added, "It's a meditation tactic related to memory recall. I've built an imaginary place in my head and can use spatial memory to recall past events." She looked down sadly before clarifying the main point, which still eluded me, "I can go back there mentally...to that day, I think-"

Was I supposed to know what the hell that was? "And she can take you with her," Stéphanie added, with a rueful smile.

"Take me with you?" I asked incredulously.

Sammy nodded, "Shared meditation is kinda easy..." she trailed off again, clearly thinking about something that saddened her.

Stéphanie picked up where the witch left off, "We can probably manage it tomorrow night, Timothy."

I regarded Sammy who was staring off into space morosely. Tomorrow? That was so soon, but time was running out.

With a resigned sigh, I asked, "What do you think, Sammy?"

After a few seconds, she made eye contact with me, eyes narrowed and fury evident in her gaze, the tingling of her power changing the atmosphere and making the hair on my arm rise, "Let's fucking find the bastards, Tim."

Seeing her sudden determination and confidence, I smiled darkly back at her, unintentionally showing my fangs and offering my own rage-filled, joyless grin as I smelled a tiny spike of fear from Stéphanie.

The mambo's uncertainty disappeared nearly as quickly as it had come, making me momentarily doubt my senses. Sometimes, the witch could be terrifying, but, hell, I was a frightening bastard myself. Maybe we were a better team than I initially realized.





Chapter 14: "For What It's Worth"


The next night, I sat on the floor facing Sammy, occupying the same position Stéphanie had during that first night of training. The witch fidgeted uncomfortably in front of me, staring at me with wide and somewhat fearful hazel eyes. I smiled at her in a futile attempt to calm her trepidation as the priestess and Emmanuel both lit candles around the room. Why the hell was I trying to calm her down? I was the one new to this entire method of loci meditation thing.

Why the hell was I trying to calm her down? Stéphanie spoke, "Alright, child. Everything is prepared. Whenever you're ready, you can begin."

Sammy closed her eyes and fell into her breathing, and I waited awkwardly, fighting my own urge to shift in a very human effort to alleviate my own nervous energy. For several quiet minutes Sammy breathed easily, expression positively peaceful as both the mambo and I stared at her. Eventually, slowly, Sammy held out both her hands, palms up.

The priestess' voice startled me, "Take both her hands, Timothy." With growing unease, I complied. Sammy's tiny hands were ice cold, and I curiously wondered if it had something to do with her abilities. Looking down at our hands intertwined, I started to feel a tingling sensation emanating from the witch's palms.

"Close your eyes, vampire," the priestess ordered me. I complied and immediately found myself jerked forward mentally. The tug was one of the oddest sensations I had ever experienced in my life, and that was saying something. I went through the goddamn transition from human to vampire 154 years ago, and this mental pulling was somehow weirder than that transition had been. Here went fucking nothing.

weirder Here went fucking nothing.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I could have sworn I was literally falling through the air. Was this normal? What the hell was happening? I couldn't see a damn thing. Before panic could worm its way into my mind, though, I landed rather abruptly with a painless thump somewhere in an impossibly black space.

Trepidation mounting, I jumped to my feet instinctively, ready to go down swinging. As I stood there, in the unnatural blackness while calming my breathing, the realization slowly dawned on me that my body felt solid yet paradoxically corporeal at the same time. Looking down, I noticed I wore the same clothes I had in the mambo's establishment, but I looked...transparent.

With wonder, I lifted my hands closer to my face and inspected them in an unnatural light that was somehow radiating around me. Is this what it was like to dream? I honestly hadn't dreamt for 154 years, so I truly didn't remember. Slowly, I felt a creeping panic begin to blossom in my chest, clawing its way into my psyche. This was weird, really, really weird. Was this what was supposed to be happening? And where the hell was Sammy?

"Calm down, Tim," I heard Sammy call from somewhere in the abnormal darkness, "Don't be so melodramatic." Melodramatic? I was in a fucking black hole with a white halo around my transparent body!

Melodramatic? I was in a fucking black hole with a white halo around my transparent body! "Sammy I-" Even to my dream ears, my words sounded strained and panicky. I certainly wasn't used to feeling this way. Weakness didn't suit me.

"Follow the sound of my voice," she commanded.

I complied, willing my dream feet to follow the sound until I saw a light ahead of me, piercing the inky blackness. As I neared it, the light continued to grow bigger until eventually the speck of illumination had grown to a size just larger than my body. At this point, the brilliance of the light faded, allowing me to see what was on the other side.

I identified a room...my living room, complete with a solid as could be Sammy smiling faintly at me while gesturing for me to join her. With slight hesitation, I crossed the threshold into my home. When I did, the black hole behind me closed, and Sammy spread her arms wide, "Welcome to my mind palace, Tim." I gawked. Her fucking mind palace looked exactly like my house...

Her fucking mind palace looked exactly like my house... I observed the dream space in shock, "Sammy this is my house."

She smiled beautifully and nodded as she spoke, "Yes, it is. Stéphanie told me to pick a space where I'm usually happy to form the basis for my mind palace."

I felt a tug, only a tiny tug, at my non-beating vampire dream heart. I didn't know that she enjoyed living me. Hell, I can't remember her even making the decision to stay with me. It had just sort of happened, and the fact that she was happy there made me happy, too. It did get kind of lonely at my place before Sammy showed up.

"Ok, Tim," she said, taking charge and dragging me from my reverie, "Follow me." She turned then started walking down the hallway to the guest room, her room, and she exuded a sense of steely determination as she opened the door to the space which had somehow become hers over the past few months. I followed along behind her while still occasionally staring in amazement at my see-through body.

her When we entered her room, she got on her knees, reached under the bed, and pulled out her suitcase, opening it carefully to reveal a belt buckle lying there on top of her dresses.

I knew that buckle from the case files. It was her father's, the one thing that she had used to identify his remains when she found him in the woods. She didn't touch it, and instead looked at the buckle, eyes filling with tears.

"Sammy, are you sure you want to do this?" I asked, concern evident in my voice.

She nodded, wiping her dream tears from her dream eyes with the back of her hand as she spoke, "We have to. I have to . Now, Tim, when I touch this, I'll be completely in the memory."

I have to She looked up at me as she continued speaking, "It's gonna be hard for me, and you'll be watching the whole thing happen. You'll be unable to interact with anything, but you can...watch, take in the scene and maybe see something others might have missed. When we wake up, it will take me a minute to realize that this was only a memory."

I nodded, and she reached out, about to touch the object.

"Sammy..." I stopped her, while involuntarily scratching my head uncomfortably. Why was I touching my head? I couldn't feel my movements in this memory world.

"Yeah, Tim?"

I regarded her carefully then, taking in her blue dress, her curls, her freckles. She looked so normal, so solid. I could have sworn we were in my house and she was trying to clean out my guest room or doing something equally ridiculous. In reality, however, we were in a "memory palace" the witch had constructed to aid her meditation, and she was about to take me deeper into her subconscious.

I finally spoke, "I know how...difficult this is going to be for you. I'm sorry. I-I'll be there when you come out of it."

She smiled ruefully at me through her tears as she spoke, "Thanks, vampire." Returning her attention to the object in front of her, she reached out, nearly touching the buckle. After thinking for a moment, she looked back at me and offered me a slight grin before she added, "See you on the other side, Timmy," grabbing the object a split-second later.

Before I could reply, I suddenly felt myself forcefully tugged deeper, falling faster into Sammy's oblivion



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 15: "Amazing Grace"


I smacked the ground with force enough that I would have broken something if this weren't Sammy's memory and I weren't just a passive passenger on this dream journey. I stood unsteadily on my transparent legs, fighting the urge to shake nonexistent brush from my body when I saw I had landed in a pile of forest undergrowth. The leaves and sticks hadn't even moved when I impacted with the lump of greenery.

In the distance, I heard Sammy yelling, "Daddy! Daddy, where are you? You were supposed to be home hours ago!" Instinctively, I followed the sound of her voice, struck by how real everything felt. Even the smell of the forest; foliage, earthiness, and the slightly pungent scent of decaying plant matter; tricked my senses into believing I was there. I shook my head, looking down at my un-real body to remind myself that this entire world wasn't real. I didn't want to get lost in her memory.

real there. Eventually, I caught her signature smell of roses and heard Sammy stomping through brush. I continued to follow the scent and sound until I spied an overgrown, disused hiking trail in front of me. Seconds later, I came out of the woods and finally saw her stumbling toward me along the path. Sammy's hair was longer than I had ever seen it, and she had pulled it back into a ponytail. The witch wore a loose-fitting white hiking shirt, pants, and waterproof hiking boots. She looked so much more human dressed like that rather than in her usual vintage ensemble, more vulnerable somehow.

In terms of her existence in this dream world, Sammy looked as solid as if I were to run across her in real life, and watching her moving in my direction, I was suddenly struck by how odd this entire experience was. This encounter was so...surreal. I stood there, spying on the witch in her own memory.

No, "spying" wasn't exactly the right word. I wasn't a creep. She had brought me into this memory for a reason, and I had a mission to complete, something I knew would be even more difficult than anticipated now that I laid my un-real eyes on this very real-looking, vulnerable Sammy.

Tentatively, I tested her claim that I would be unable to interact with her. "Sammy," I whispered forcefully. No response. She hadn't heard me. "Sam!" I yelled it this time, moving close enough that she should be able to feel my breath on her face. Still, my efforts elicited no reaction. She was right. I couldn't interact with her.

couldn't She moved past me near enough that I could smell her sweat and see every detail of her freckled face. Curiously, I reached out my hand to try and grab her arm. My appendage went right through her bicep. So, I guess this is what it feels like to be a goddamn spirit. When we made it out of this nightmare, I'd have to remember to ask Sammy if this odd sense of presence was how ghosts felt.

So, I guess this is what it feels like to be a goddamn spirit. Randomly, I remembered once asking her about ghosts, in passing. The witch had divulged that real ghosts were rare. In fact, she had actually tried to contact her father a few nights after discovering his remains, but according to her, he was...gone. To where, she didn't know. My heart seemed to drop for a moment as I shook myself, willing my mind to be fully present in this memory, Sammy's memory.

this I tried once more to get her attention. "Sammy!" I yelled it this time. She kept traipsing past me, oblivious to my existence. The only action I could take at this point was follow her down the disused trail.

As she walked in front of me, I began smelling her growing panic and was unable to do anything as, in an increasingly frantic state, she stopped paying attention to her footing and tripped over a log, spraining her ankle in the process. She landed on the ground with a hiss and painful thud and sat there for a moment, staring down at her injury with tears in her eyes.

Frowning, I identified what she felt in that moment. I detected the pain from her ankle, but she wasn't crying because of the injury. No, she was crying out of fear, terror she felt over the unknown fate of her father.



"Dad! Where are you?" She yelled, making me jump. Upon hearing no reply, she grunted and pulled herself off the ground, grabbing a thick stick to support herself as she limped ahead. Moments later, as I trailed the witch unable to do anything to aid her labored movement, I was hit by the smell of blood. We were nearing the crime scene, and I didn't know if I was ready to watch what I knew was about to happen.

Sammy stumbled ahead, breaking into the clearing where the remains of her father were spread about grotesquely. I watched as confusion crossed her features and she moved closer to inspect the monstrous find. She didn't know that this animal matter was all that remained of her father.

The smell of blood was so strong that it nearly overpowered me. I hadn't realized the memory would be real enough to tug at my instincts, and I was suddenly alarmed. I had to keep it together. I had a mission, and I didn't know how my losing control would affect things in the real world. No, I could not fucking lose it now.

could not With tremendous effort, I watched as Sammy neared the largest mass of flesh. Off to the side, near the torso of the disemboweled body, she caught the glint of metal lying in the grass. She limped over, reached down while using the stick for support, and grabbed the object, holding it in front of her face to better inspect the item.

My heart broke as realization dawned on her. The blood-smeared belt buckle she held was her father's, and that meant...She looked back at what remained of the body in abject horror and promptly doubled over and vomited as it suddenly clicked for her. Tears streamed down her face slowly at first, but they soon became a torrent. She dropped her walking stick and fell to her knees, ankle injury long forgotten as she whispered, "Daddy?" while crawling toward the mass of flesh in front of her.

I wanted to grab her and tell her this vessel wasn't her father anymore, that she should leave and stop looking at the unfathomably horrific sight in front of her, but I couldn't. No matter how much I wanted to help her, this was a memory, and I couldn't do a goddamn thing. I was powerless as tears streamed down her face. She stared slack-jawed at the scene, clearly in shock while clutching that buckle in her right hand so tightly that I knew she was injuring herself.

couldn't I growled, ignoring my bloodlust and doing my best to ignore Sammy's crushing grief. I couldn't do anything about her pain, no matter how much I wanted to. No, the only thing I could do was my damn job, which was to get us answers.

Taking a cleansing breath, I looked around the scene and evaluated it as best I could. It looked just like the photos my people had sent me, but things were fresher in this memory. When it came to the positioning of the site, nothing appeared out of place from the pictures that I had morbidly memorized. Quickly, I wandered around, looking for something, anything that would give me a clue, using my heightened senses to evaluate the area. There was nothing, absolutely fucking nothing. The scene was clean.

anything Suddenly, I felt overpowering rage in addition to my bloodlust when the thought entered my mind that this entire memory trip would be in vain, that Sammy had re-lived this unspeakable event for no goddamn reason.

As these thoughts threatened to drive me over the edge, it hit me, a sharp scent nearly covered by the overwhelming smell of blood, tears, and grief; a smell similar to the scent that clung to my rogue-hunting protege, Meriwa Short:

Hunters . G oddamn fucking hunters had murdered Sammy's father.

. G oddamn fucking hunters had murdered Sammy's father. I snarled, enraged as something else hit me. There was another scent there, now that I had picked up on the stench of hunters, another smell that lingered around the relatively fresh scene. It was animalistic and unlike anything I had ever encountered.

Werewolves, maybe? No, it wasn't a normal werewolf scent. I knew what those things smelled like. This was something different, something decidedly more...unnatural. What had the fucking hunter bastards done?

Werewolves, maybe? What had the fucking hunter bastards done? As I struggled to make sense of this new smell, the witch screamed from beside the ruined remains of her father, a bone chilling sound filled with anguish which pierced me to my core. As she laid bare her soul in front of me, the sights and sounds and smells of the forest murder scene were immediately stripped away, replaced by cold, hard reality.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. My eyes flew open. I was back in the mambo's shop, and Sammy sat before me, eyes closed and face contorted in horror. At once, she ripped her hands from mine and screamed the same high-pitched, anguished sound I heard in her memory. Everyone in the room cringed as electricity zapped through the air and every single piece of glass in the ritual room shattered at once, sending shards flying everywhere.

The room still held the smell of the forest and the blood of Sammy's father. However, now there was the addition of the blood from all the humans present thanks to the hurricane of glass that sliced all of us seconds before.

Mercifully, Sammy's blood still didn't call to me, but I was having a difficult time controlling my baser instincts in the face of all the other scents. Suddenly, Sammy's eyes flew open and tears streamed down her cheeks as she struggled to make sense of where she was.

Emmanuel, noticing my bloodlusting state, moved toward the witch and put his hand gently on her shoulder, blood pouring from an injury to his head, "Sammy, come with me, he's not...don't." She shook him off and looked around with panicked, unfocused eyes.

When she finally made sense of where she was and locked eyes with me, she immediately launched herself into my arms and buried her face into my chest as violent, soul-crushing sobs wracked her body and stole her breath. I wrapped my arms around her and closed my eyes, working hard to control myself as I reveled in the smell of roses.

I opened my eyes to observe that Emmanuel had backed off, and Stéphanie regarded me with a dark expression as she started to ask, "Vampire, are you-"

"I'm fine," I growled, squeezing the witch tighter, "Just...go clean up. I'm fine with Sammy."

Something in my eyes must have satisfied the mambo, who nodded to Emmanuel while motioning for him to follow her out of the room to tend to their injuries. He paused at the threshold of the door to look back and scowl as if he were weighing the pros and cons of staying and challenging me. I could smell hatred coming off him in waves, and I fought the urge to literally snarl at him.

The fucking human had no idea what I could do to him...and what I'd never do to Sammy. He did not want to provoke me right now. Mercifully, he broke eye contact and followed his aunt out of the room. I breathed a sigh of relief. Stéphanie would never forgive me if I hurt her nephew.

not Sammy continued to sob into my shirt, and I rubbed her back and closed my eyes. I'd have to call Alesky after this, let him know about my suspicions. Then, we'd have to come up with our next move.

Right now, however, I didn't give a fuck what we were going to do. I just wanted Sammy to stop crying, and until she did, I'd stay there, more than willing to be her living handkerchief collecting both her tears and her blood from the few cuts she had sustained moments ago.

She reached up, grabbing my shirt and balling her fists as she cried. In response, I pulled her into my lap and squeezed her tighter, resting my chin on the top of her head. "It's okay, Sammy," I said, even though we both knew it was anything but okay.





Chapter 16: "Umbrella"


Once they cleaned up their minor injuries, Emmanuel and Stéphanie returned to check on Sammy. Her tears had finally subsided, but she still gripped my shirt in her fists pitifully as she struggled to collect herself after reliving the horrific discovery of her father's remains.

I refused to remove my arms from around her until she finally released my shirt and pushed herself back so that she could look at me with a small, sad smile and impossibly puffy eyes, "I'm okay, Timmy."

I released her then, trusting her claim that she was better, at least for now. She climbed out of my lap and stood, walking on shaky legs toward the two other humans who were now standing by the Papa Legba altar at the front of the room. After she extricated herself from my lap and joined the others, an obviously angry and deeply concerned Emmanuel moved closer to Sammy's side and asked if she was alright. Sammy smiled faintly and nodded, waving him off when he tried to look at her cuts.

I bit back a growl as I also stood. Sammy's cuts were completely superficial and so light that they wouldn't even leave any scars. She didn't need his help, and if she ended up needing assistance from the mambo's nephew, then she would damn well ask for it.

if Stéphanie watched me with a curious look as I stalked over to Sammy's side so that I could address them. My hunger was better now that the humans weren't all bleeding, and in the back of my mind, I hoped that because I was somewhat calmer I appeared less terrifying to the priestess. Absently, I put my hand on the small of Sammy's back to let her know I was there as I, too, joined the group.

"I take it you found something in the memory," Stéphanie said, regarding me with a somber expression.

I nodded, knowing my next words would alarm the mambo, "Hunters..."

The color drained from her face while Sammy looked at me in confusion. "Hunters? Like deer hunters?" she asked, ignorance about this world shining bright in her reply.

"No, Sammy," The priestess explained, "hunters, well..." she trailed off, using her eyes to plead for me to take the lead on this explanation. I winced internally as I weighed how to tell Sammy what I had learned and carefully took a moment to process my thoughts.

If hunters were in her hometown, then they had been hunting something. They could have been looking for the thing I had sensed, the evil that had produced that unusual werewolf-like scent, but I didn't think that was what had happened.

hunting I had been tracking supernatural monsters for far longer than the genetically modified human hunters created at Imhullu . I knew monsters, but somehow, I didn't know the one I had scented, which led me to my next thoughts.

Imhullu knew This monster was something new , and hunters had been known to experiment. Hell, Meriwa was engineered in part from vampire DNA. Maybe...maybe that smell was some sort of new evil created by the hunters? I'd have to bring my suspicions to the American Order, and we would need to investigate. However, at this point, I didn't think the hunters who killed her father had been tracking down the mystery creature.

new had Consequently, if they weren't hunting the creature, then they had probably been hunting the only supernatural "monster" we knew who once lived in Hunter, Tennessee: Sammy.

The witch was sharp. If I told her that hunters sought out and killed supernatural creatures, then she would quickly connect the dots leading between her existence and her father's murder. I didn't know how she would handle the irrational responsibility for her father's death I anticipated she would feel, and I wanted to find a way to explain it that would somehow soften the blow.

Unfortunately, I didn't get time to articulate my response. Oblivious to the situation, fucking Emmanuel decided he should step in and enlighten the witch, probably because I was taking too long to reply. "Sammy, hunters work for the government and search for and execute supernatural beings." I scowled at the mambo's nephew. Maybe I should have attacked him earlier.



Concerned, I looked at Sammy as realization dawned on her quickly. "Me," she said in a meek, defeated voice, "They were hunting for...me." I felt a pang of sadness that was very much my own emotion, not Sammy's, as even more tears came unbidden to her eyes. How could one person have so many tears?

"We don't know that, child," Stéphanie tried to console her. The mambo was right. We didn't know it for sure, but we could safely assume.

The fact that they may well have been looking for Sammy didn't matter, though. Even if the hunters were looking for her, what happened to her father was in no way her own fault.

The witch ignored Stéphanie as she spoke, rambling absently to the ground, "I was out of town that week before he was killed. I was volunteering at summer camp in Johnson City. It was a last-minute trip. I was actually supposed to be on that hike with him, but I was late getting a ride home. I had forgotten to take my phone with me. I-"

"Sammy, look at me," I commanded. She complied, looking entirely hopeless. I didn't know what I was going to say, but I needed to say something . "What could you have done differently?" What a stupid fucking question .

something What a stupid fucking question She looked at me, eyes watery but tears no longer falling, "I could have been there."

"What difference would that have made?"

"I could have...helped."

"Sammy, you didn't even know what you are. Hunters would have done the same thing to you."

Her eyes glowed with conviction as she spoke, "Maybe they would have let him live. They probably wanted me, not him."

I shook my head as I replied, "Hunters have no mercy, Sammy."

Now, her eyes narrowed, and I felt a spike of anger from her. Good. Anger was better than shock or denial, "What is your point, Tim?"

"Did your father love you?" I already knew what her answer would be.

Taken aback by the abrupt change in topic, she nodded, eyes wide as she spoke without hesitation, "Yes."

I grasped for the right words, trying to come up with what to say next, "What do you think he'd say...right now? If he were here?"

She shrugged, looking down. The anger was still there, but it was masked by her concentration on answering my question, "Oh, I don't know."

"Say whatever pops into your mind."

She donned this far away look as she spoke, "I think he...I think he'd tell me that even if those people had been looking for me when they killed him, that it didn't mean his death was my fault."

She looked back at me, eyes sorrowful, "But, knowing what he'd tell me and believing it are two separate things, Tim."

I offered her my own shrug in return. "True, but understanding your grief and knowing how you want to handle it are the first steps to dealing with the pain. You wish you had been there, but you weren't. If you had been there, then it wouldn't have made a difference. You're asking yourself, 'Why not me?' You've got survivor's guilt, Sammy, and I bet that guilt is something your father wouldn't want you to live with."

wish had She looked at me dejected but very clearly hanging on my every word. For some reason, this little speech seemed to be helping, so I put my hands on both her shoulders and looked into her eyes as I continued, " You did not kill him , Sammy . They did. The way you feel is normal, and you will work through it. Always remember, though, that this was not your fault. Deep down, you know that."

You did not kill him Sammy was not She nodded sadly, and I smiled at her acknowledgement of my words as I kept going, "And, don't forget, you're not alone, Sammy. You've got us, and... me...you've got me."



She didn't smile at my words, so I didn't know if they had made a positive impact until, before I could react to the movement, Sammy reached out and surprised me by wrapping her arms around my waist in the tightest hug she could manage. Relieved that I didn't sense her abject, soul-crushing grief anymore, I smiled faintly and returned her hug, careful not to squeeze the human too hard. She would be OK. Sammy was tough.

I didn't even deign to look at Emmanuel, smelling his anger with me as I crushed Sammy closer. Seeing that everyone's emotions were nominally better, Stéphanie spoke, "You will need to call your people, yes vampire?" I nodded my agreement, allowing myself just a little more time to hug Sammy before I made the call to Alesky. It was time to make Knight Corp aware of the witch as well as the hunter threat and that new, terrifyingly abnormal stench.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





As Sammy drank tea with the mambo and Emmanuel in the front room, I called my boss to explain everything that had happened since my vacation began. Alesky listened to my tale with carefully calculated detachment, a character trait I had rarely known him deviate from. However, I knew him well enough to sense that he was on edge by the end of our conversation. Hunters had been becoming increasingly brazen, and my observations very clearly unsettled him as much as they did me.





I could also tell that my revealing of the abnormal stench unnerved him, too. We had suspected that Imhullu would start churning out more monsters now that they knew how effective Meriwa and her hunter ilk were. The humans were perfecting the genetic engineering process, and it was fucking frightening.

Imhullu Alesky told me that I was right to keep the witch close, subsequently surprising me by divulging that he had met only two witches in his long life; both times were apparently...memorable. Sammy was, according to Alesky, something special.

Hell, I already knew Sammy was special. He didn't have to tell me that little fact, and I bit back the tiny, somewhat irrational stab of annoyance I felt. Alesky had a tendency to think he knew everything. Most of the time, he did, yet I suspected I might have beaten him in the "witch psychoanalysis" department.

By the end of the story, he informed me that he was going to divert several of our resources toward investigating this matter. He also told me that he thought I should still finish out my time off while keeping Sammy near me. He would keep her existence hidden from the Head Order the same way he managed to hide Meriwa's being an escapee hunter from the organization.

Plans made, I breathed a sigh of relief as I hung up. Thank God Alesky reached the same conclusions as me: Sammy shouldn't be turned loose or given to the Head Order. If he instructed me to do either of those things, then I didn't think I'd be able to follow those orders.

Call completed, I went to the front room to explain to Stéphanie everything Alesky and I had spoken about. Once the issue was settled for now, Sammy and I stood to bid the mambo and her nephew a farewell.

As we left, Stéphanie stopped us to give each of us a hug. She hugged Sammy first, giving the witch a fond peck on the cheek as she did. When she turned and hugged me, she whispered in my ear quietly enough that Sammy wouldn't hear, "Please be careful." I nodded at her words as, in the corner of my vision, I watched Emmanuel hug Sammy goodbye. Sammy returned the hug gratefully but pulled back rather quickly so that she could grab my hand as we walked to the car.

One of these days, I'd have to figure out what we were, the two of us, but Sammy was exhausted and, somehow, so was I. Instead of trying to figure anything out right now, the two of us plopped tiredly into my car ready to go home.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. She didn't say anything on our way back to my place. Despite her silence and the hints of exhaustion I felt coming from her, she didn't sleep. Usually, Sammy never hesitated to fall asleep if she was tired and we were in my car, and I fought the urge to keep glancing at her the entire drive home.

When we finally made it inside my place, she offered me a wry smile as she headed to her room. She was so sad with her shoulders slumped in a defeated posture that just wasn't...Sammy.

"Sam?" I called after her.

She paused in the hallway to look back at me. I had to say something, "You know, it's supposed to storm today."

"Really?"

We both knew it wasn't supposed to storm, but I smiled anyway. "Yeah, it is. You can stay with me if you want."

She smiled genuinely. It didn't reach her eyes, but at least she smiled. "Thank you, Tim," She sounded emotionally and physically exhausted as she ducked under my arm and into my room while I held my bedroom door open for her.

Immediately upon entering the space, she reached back and unzipped the dress she wore. I quickly looked away embarrassed as she stepped out of the garment and promptly slid under the covers, burrowing deep into my pillows.

I was embarrassed by her immodesty, huh? What the hell was happening to me? With a sigh, I kicked off my shoes and slipped into bed on my side of the mattress. Yeah, we would definitely have to figure out what this was, but right now, with Sammy sprawled out on her stomach clutching my arm as she started to drift off to sleep wasn't the time.

I was embarrassed by her immodesty, huh? this





Chapter 17: "Spooky"


Freeing myself from Sammy's clutches had been a chore considering her leg was wrapped around mine and she had clasped my arm in a death grip pretty much the entire time I was in my bed. Nevertheless, I managed to escape without waking her, and now I stood there in my kitchen, trying to make sense of my mama's recipe.

I had gotten the idea as I laid next to Sammy while watching her uneasy, restless slumber. In that random moment, I suddenly yet vaguely recalled how mama used to make me this soup whenever I was unwell. With all that crying Sammy had done, her eyes and face were inflamed. Maybe that soup would help.

Once had I had liberated myself from her, I dug through the trunk in my attic that held mementos from my human life until I found mama's 1846 copy of The Modern Cook by Charles Elmé Francatelli. It took me forever to find the recipe I was looking for because the book's table of contents was a piece of shit. There it was, though, on page 49: "Pectoral Chicken Broth."

The Modern Cook I called the grocer, who sounded dumbfounded when I asked him to deliver a young fowl, pearl barley, and marsh-mallow roots to my home. Apparently, stores stopped delivering groceries back in the 1960s. Luckily, after doing some research, I found a same-day delivery app that allowed me to order what I needed.

I couldn't find any goddamned "marsh-mallow roots" though, so I also ordered a bag of marshmallows. I wasn't an idiot. I wasn't going to put marshmallows in the soup. I just figured Sammy could eat them on the side. That should work, right?

in I stood there, stirring the "young fowl [cut] into several pieces [and] put into a stewpan with three pints of spring water" as I reread the recipe, which, like a fool, I had used Sammy's highlighters to mark up. The colors only ended up distracting me, and this recipe, which wasn't supposed to be difficult, was weirdly confusing.

In my room, I heard Sammy stirring then heading to the restroom. A few moments passed before she turned on the shower as I added the barley to the simmering chicken broth. While I stirred absently, I realized that I couldn't remember washing the barley "in several waters" as the recipe had instructed me to. I shrugged. What the hell did that even mean, anyway?

What the hell did that even mean, anyway? God, how in the hell did humans manage this cooking shit? The most I could do at this point was hope I had followed the instructions properly. Several minutes later, I heard the shower cut off, and Sammy soon came into the kitchen wearing her pink dress and heels. Her hair was still wet, but she looked nominally better as she stared at me quizzically.

"Whatcha doing, Tim?"

I smiled easily and with a grin that I hoped was calming, "Making soup. It was a recipe my mother often used when I was a kid."

"Really?" She asked, eyes widening in surprise. Looking on the counter, she noticed the bag of marshmallows. Gesturing to them, she asked, "What are those for?"

"Oh," I shrugged, returning to the pot, "the recipe called for marsh-mallow roots."

When I looked up, the witch was grinning at me, genuinely smiling. Not that I wasn't happy to see her smile, but I got the sense it was all at my expense, "What?" I asked, suddenly self conscious. She had never looked at me like that before, as if she knew something about me that I didn't know about myself. Her grin developed into a soft laugh that rose in cadence until she was again wiping tears from her eyes. This time, however, they were tears of joy.

"What is it, Sammy?" I scowled. I was following the recipe, except for the root things.

"Timmy," she said through her laughter, "marshmallows are pure sugar. Marsh-mallow root is a medicinal herb that helps with inflammation."

"Well, don't marshmallows still have 'marsh-mallow' root in them?"

"No," she said, still laughing.



I frowned, "Then why the hell are they called marshmallows?"

She shook her head, wet hair flinging a few tiny droplets of water onto her face, "I don't know the etymology of 'marshmallow,' Tim. I'm sorry. Maybe it was once made from marsh-mallow roots?"

I dropped my wooden spoon angrily into the pot with a splash, "Well, the recipe book didn't say that they weren't the same thing!"

She continued to chuckle, but she was calming down now, "Well, when was your book written?"

"The copyright is only 1846."

" Only 1846?" she asked, laughter returning momentarily before she continued in spite of my frown, "Weren't you born in 1839?" How did she know that? I hadn't told her.

Only How did she know that? I hadn't told her. I shrugged it off. Sometimes, Sammy just knew things, "Yes. What's your point, witch?"

"I'm pretty sure that was common knowledge in your day, Tim."

I frowned again, "Well, not for me. Mother always just made the food. I don't know how she did it." I turned back to the stove with huff.

Sammy continued to laugh as she clacked over to me in her heels, catching me off guard as she wrapped me in another surprise hug, this one from behind. She squeezed my waist hard as she spoke to my back, "Thank you, Timmy."

I sighed, putting my hand on her arm, "You're welcome, Sam." She released me then so that she could grab a spoon to taste the concoction. The witch did her best to hide her reaction, but it was obvious that whatever I had made, it tasted like shit. Apparently, I had forgotten to fucking wash the barley "in several waters."

"How about I just order something for myself, Tim?" she said with a sweet smile.

"What can possibly be better than pectoral chicken broth?"

She grinned widely, "Ham and pineapple pizza."

I frowned at her reply. I was pretty sure that I had heard some humans make fun others who liked that type of pizza, but whatever Sammy wanted, she could have, be it mama's chicken broth or pineapple pizza.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. After that day, Sammy seemed to recover a bit. She still seemed sad, but throwing herself into learning as well as eagerly awaiting the arrival of the German witch named Emma helped to keep her mind occupied.

Knight Corp, meanwhile, was busy investigating potential hunter attacks, previous events we may have written off as rogue supernatural assaults at first glance. Still, though, we had no information about the hunters, which was concerning. At this rate, we'd never get justice for Sammy's father.

When the day arrived for Sammy to meet Emma, she spent an unusual amount of time getting ready to head to the mambo's shop. I leaned against the hallway wall, tapping my right foot and looking at my watch with irritation.

"Sammy! We've got to go!"

"Just a minute, Tim!" she yelled back at me from the bathroom.

I huffed, "Are you trying to impress Emma or what?"

"Yes!" she yelled back at me seriously.

I shook my head. I'd never understand Sammy. Finally, I heard her heading in my direction. When I saw her, she didn't look any different to me. She was the same old Sammy. She just wore more lipstick. "OK, OK Tim. Stop nagging me. I'm ready."

"Good," I said, leading her out to my car as I absently wondered what the other witch would be like. If she were anything like Sammy, then this was going to be an eventful evening.

**********

Somehow, despite Sammy delaying us by twenty minutes, we still beat Emma to the shop, and the priestess greeted us as usual.

"Where's the witch?" Sammy asked, practically bouncing with joy.

Stéphanie smiled, "She'll be here in about five minutes, child."

Sammy smiled. God, I hoped this Emma chick wasn't a bitch. After what seemed like an agonizing five minutes for Sammy, we heard the front door chime, and I turned to watch a figure clad in an actual black riding cape walk in, hood over her head. Oh, great, she was another freak.

"Emma, welcome!" Stéphanie said, greeting the figure with her usual friendliness. In response, the new witch pulled down her hood to reveal a youthful-looking face framed by a sharply cut brown bob. As she moved to brush her hair from her forehead absently, I was struck by the smell of lilac wafting off of her. What was it with witches and floral scents?

What was it with witches and floral scents? "Priestess, my friend, how have you been?" Emma's voice was soft and tinged by a remarkably light German accent.

"Very well, Emma, very well," she said as she gestured to Sammy who was looking at Emma as if she were star struck, "This is Sammy. The one I was telling you about."

"Ahh, so you're one of us, then?" she asked, extending her hand to shake with Sammy in a gesture of friendship.

Sammy returned the handshake vigorously, "Oh, I'm just so happy to meet you! I was starting to feel like I was the only one out there. I- Oh..." she interrupted herself, suddenly remembering I was there and standing mere inches from her, "This is Tim. He's my best friend." That little fact was fucking news to me.

That little fact was fucking news to me. Emma's eyes then fell on me curiously. "A vampire?" she asked, as she shook my hand, "How unusual. I've never heard of such a thing, to be honest."

"You've never heard of vampires?" I asked confused as we ended our handshake and I let my hand fall back to my side. Vampires were probably one of the more common supernatural species out there.

Emma spoke as if she hadn't heard me, mumbling to herself, "I suppose it's possible. Any number of supernatural beings can be...it's just...a vampire? I-"

"What do you mean?" Stéphanie asked the new witch, burning curiosity coloring her voice.

Emma looked up at all of us and smiled, seeming to suddenly remember our presence in front of her, "Oh, I've just never heard of a vampire being a witch's familiar. That's all."

I sensed Sammy's surprise as I started choking on air. What's that about me being a witch's familiar?

What's that about me being a witch's familiar?





Chapter 18: "Honey, There's the Door"


As both Sammy and I struggled to recover from our momentary shock, Stéphanie managed to ask Emma the question that I'm pretty sure was on all of our minds, "What do you mean?"

The new witch shrugged, her bob swaying with the movement, "I mean he's her familiar."

"Tim?" Sammy asked dumbfounded while pointing an accusatory finger at me.

"Yes, him," Emma replied with a nod and a wave in my general direction.

"The vampire?" Stéphanie asked for clarification.

Emma's eyes narrowed with irritation as she spoke, " Yes , people, the vampire."

Yes Sammy frowned before replying with, "But, Timmy is my best friend."

"And also you're a familiar, apparently," Emma responded.

Christ, why were they talking like I wasn't standing right there. I raised my hand as I spoke, "Hi, familiar here. What the fuck are you talking about, Emma?"

Sammy looked at me as she admonished, "Timmy don't curse." What was happening, and why the hell did I feel invisible?

What was happening, and why the hell did I feel invisible? "Sammy I-" I started to speak, but Emma cut me off as she addressed Sammy directly.

"Witches know the familiars of other witches. It's instinctual."

"I..." Sammy struggled to find the words she wanted to say, "Do you have a familiar, Emma?"

"Oh, yes," the new witch replied, "she's a fairy who bonded with me when I was a child. I can call on her when I need her, and she will materialize from her realm. Sometimes, she likes to argue, but she generally does my bidding." Fairy? Bidding? What the everloving fuck were familiars anyway?

Fairy? Bidding? What the everloving fuck were familiars anyway? "Ok, so maybe someone can enlighten me, please?" I asked.

Sammy looked at me and offered an apologetic smile. "Familiars help witches they've bonded with. I've only heard of small shifters or other tiny, generally weak magical supernatural beings becoming familiars because of their attraction to strong magic. I didn't think it was possible for a vampire to be one because you guys aren't magical creatures."

"I've certainly never heard of this happening," Emma added.

"Nor I," Stéphanie added.

I rubbed the back of my neck uncomfortably while trying to tramp down my mounting sense of irritation and anger, "What does this entail? Being a familiar?"

"Serving the witch," Emma replied easily with a wide grin.

I huffed indignantly as I let my arm drop back to my side. I did not like where this was going. I wasn't Sammy's servant, and I sure as fuck wasn't going to start doing her bidding. What would "Sammy's bidding" even include? Helping her clean the room we just cleaned a week ago? Making magical fucking pancakes for her? Wearing pink dresses and heels?

did not just cleaned I couldn't help the twinge of fury that seeped into my reply as I spoke emphatically, "I'm not Sammy's slave."

not Sammy seemed sad beside me as she addressed me, "Timmy you're not-"

I cut her off, facing Emma to ask, "How did this happen?"

She smiled as she replied with, "You wanted it." Bullshit. The hell I did!

Bullshit. The hell I did! I squared my shoulders as I spoke with anger bordering on rage, "I am not her familiar."

am not Emma grinned widely, white teeth flashing in the low, incandescent bulb-produced light of Stéphanie's shop, "Familiars can never hurt witches they've bonded with. Tell me, does her blood call to you, vampire?"



"Well, no. I assumed it's because she's a witch."

Swiftly, the witch reached into the pocket of her cloak and produced a small needle point knife which she promptly used to slice her palm. When the smell of her blood hit me, my eyes darkened and the hunger threatened to take over. Shit.

Shit. "I think your vampire is hungry, Sammy," Emma said.

I couldn't take this anymore. They were teasing me, talking about me as if I wasn't there, as if I wasn't an independent being. Emma was acting like I was a pet that needed feeding. I was no one's fucking pet. It wasn't the hunger for blood driving me away right now. No, I had to get out and get some air before I did something I would really regret.

really "I need a second," I growled, as I stalked furiously toward the front door of the shop. Behind me, I heard Sammy clicking along, following me like a puppy. With an irritated huff, I addressed her without turning back to look at her face, knowing the expression she wore was probably one of hurt. "Sammy, I need a minute alone ."

alone I did my best to ignore the tiny stab of sadness that seeped out from her as I roughly pulled open the door, causing the little bell on the top to jingle loudly. Sheer force of will prevented me from slamming the door behind me as I moved to take a seat on the sidewalk outside.

I was not Sammy's slave.

I was not Sammy's slave.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I sat there, stewing for a good thirty minutes. I didn't know what the witches and the priestess talked about as I fumed, but I didn't really care, either.

All I knew about familiars I had learned from fairy tales. They were always portrayed as tiny, mindless animals, servants for their masters. That wasn't me . I wasn't a tiny, mindless animal bound to serve Sammy for all eternity...was I?

me Eventually, I heard the door jingle open, and if the smell of roses hadn't already alerted to me to Sammy's presence, then the clacking of her heels as she walked over was sign enough that my witch was joining me. Quietly, she lowered herself to the ground about a foot from me. I refused to look at her, opting instead to glower at a streetlamp across from me.

"Tim?" She asked gently.

I sighed, annoyance palpable in my voice, "What?"

"I'm sorry." I looked at her then. She looked downhearted in the streetlights, but I still said nothing as I turned away again, returning my attention to the lamp. I could feel her gaze on me. When I didn't say anything, she continued, "I don't really know how this happened. Emma said that the familiar has to make the decision to bond with a with a witch."

Angrily, I replied. "Well, I didn't make the decision."

I In my peripheral vision, I saw Sammy nod in agreement with me as she spoke, "That's what I told her, but she said I was wrong. According to her, that's not how it happens." I snorted in disgust, but Sammy kept talking, "I asked her how to break the bond. She told me that it's hard but not impossible. Mainly, you have to want to leave."

I wasn't sensing any of her emotions at the moment, so I looked at her again, curious about what she was feeling. When she noticed me looking, she smiled slightly, but her eyes were watery, "You don't have to stay, Timmy. You're not a slave. I'll be fine whether or not you stay with me."

I huffed as I felt my anger slip a little. Sammy was just as clueless about this stuff as I was. She didn't know what was happening between us, yet she still wanted me to know that it was OK for me to go. When I spoke, there was a twinge of resignation in my voice, "Sam, that's not it. I don't want to leave you. I just...I just don't know what any of this means."

She shrugged, looking frail in her black dress that matched the night and contrasted with the paleness of her exposed, fair skin, "Familiars don't do anything they don't want to do. Mainly, they help witches out and protect them. Usually, they have some experience with witchcraft and an attraction to magic that makes them want to seek out then bond with a witch. We don't really know why this happened, to be honest." What a coincidence. Neither did I.

What a coincidence. Neither did I. I let out a deep breath. I wasn't sure how I felt at the moment, but I knew Sammy was just as confused by this as me. I also knew that she didn't have a malicious bone in her body. She hadn't tricked me or forced me into anything, and in spite of my anger, I didn't want to leave her.

Slowly, still without looking at the witch, I laid my hand palm-up on the sidewalk between us in a wordless gesture that revealed my inner thoughts. I didn't even look to see if she noticed my hand as I spoke, "Come on, sweetheart. We'd better ask some questions while Emma is here."

I could sense her relief as she quickly slipped her hand into mine and we stood, ready to go back into the mambo's shop together to figure out what this "familiar" thing meant.





Chapter 19: "It's Only a Paper Moon"


The conversation with Emma was decidedly unproductive. She said something about how familiars were bound to protect and serve their witches, and this system of bonding had existed since the dawn of time. When I asked her why these unions formed and what familiars got out of the partnerships, she shrugged and said something to the effect of, "I've never wondered about it." Hell, what were familiars usually like? I got the impression that they weren't as...independent as me.

why Hell, what were familiars usually like? Sammy asked Emma if she would summon her familiar, who we learned was a fairy named Adelheid. The other witch said that she'd show Sammy at some point but that right now, we were losing moonlight. Apparently, she wanted to get down to the nitty gritty of why she visited the mambo and Sammy in the first place.

From a bag slung over her shoulder, Emma produced three very worn books and handed them all gently to Sammy who carefully took them from the other witch. "Two of these are old, handmade copies of the grimoires of my ancestors, and the other book is a copy of the grimoire of our most recent generations." Emma explained before clarifying why she was giving them to Sammy, "I thought you might not have anything like this considering your...unique circumstances."

"Unique circumstances?" I asked, turning toward Sammy. I hadn't heard anything about that.

Her eyes were wide as she spoke, clutching the books to her chest, "The abilities of witches are generally hereditary. Most witches like Emma have some knowledge about what they are just from their family history and tradition, and they get stuff like this passed down to them when it becomes apparent they have the gift. I...didn't have that."

She shrugged, smiling faintly before she continued, "That's OK, though. I've got you and Stéphanie." She grinned again, flashing me her impossibly optimistic smile. How did she manage to be so goddamn happy all the time?

How did she manage to be so goddamn happy all the time? Emma's voice pulled me out of my musing, "Use the books to help you learn, Sammy, but protect them. They are powerful, which makes them prized." Sammy nodded seriously, clutching the books even tighter.

"Thank you, Emma." Sammy's voice was filled with wonder.

After Emma nodded in response, Stéphanie piped in, "Excellent! Now that all this is taken care of, I believe Emma wanted to assess Sammy's abilities."

"Yes," Emma agreed absently.

I grunted, turning to head toward the ritual room where Sammy always trained. My witch put a restraining hand on my arm, "Oh, no, Timmy, not there. We've got to go outside of town for this."

I frowned, I did not want a carload of freaks in my Mustang, which could only hold two passengers anyway. "Well, we will have to take someone else's car."

Stéphanie grinned brightly while Emma looked at me as if I were an idiot.

"Poor vampire," Emma finally said as she raised her left hand, "you've never met a witch beside this baby one, have you?" God, Emma was a bitch.

God, Emma was a bitch. With a snap of the bitchy witch's fingers, I felt a rush of air as the mambo's shop suddenly disappeared, replaced by the scent of woods. Instinctively, I moved closer to Sammy while pulling out the bowie knife from a holster at my waist. The knife, a holdover from my days in the war, wasn't necessarily the best weapon in the world, but it got the job done.

best Beside me, I heard Sammy emit a quiet sound of awe as I looked around to see what appeared to be a massive clearing in a remote wooded area bathed in moonlight and surrounded by greenery. Stéphanie and Emma were both unaffected by our sudden locale change, and Emma actually seemed amused by our amazement.

"It's alright, vampire," Stéphanie explained calmly, "we're in an isolated location outside the city. Teleportation is an advanced skill a few witches possess. Generally, they can't transport more than five people, and there are limits to how far they can reach. Also, the process can be very taxing."

Emma piped in, "The mambo is right. However, transportation is not very taxing for me. It simply takes time to acquire the skill and develop it to the point where it doesn't drain your reserves of power." Oh, and the bitch had an ego, too. Surprise, surprise.

Oh, and the bitch had an ego, too. Surprise, surprise. She paused as she put her finger to her mouth thoughtfully while eyeing me, "I must say, though, I've never transported a vampire before. Tim, your essence is quite...unique, very abnormal."

I bristled. What the hell did she mean by that? For the first time that evening, I wondered why I had been putting up with this chick, but then I looked at Sammy, whose eyes were glowing in the moonlight as she gazed at the other witch with wonder.

I sighed. That was why I had been putting up with this other witch. Sammy needed to learn, and this Emma could teach her much more than my priestess friend.

That I looked around slowly, once again taking in my surroundings and searching for anything that might be menacing. I trusted the mambo, but the jury was still out on Emma. Hearing nothing but the sounds of the night and smelling only the forest, I relaxed a little. At least the brightness of the moonlight and the cloudless sky meant the humans wouldn't have trouble seeing out here. With a grunt, I returned my weapon to its place.

Sammy looked at me as she finally spoke, "Oh goodness, that was very neat, wasn't it, Tim?"

I looked at her deadpan, "Yeah, Sammy. Yeah it was." Very fucking neat, indeed.

Very fucking neat, indeed. "Well, here we are, child," Stéphanie said, "Are you ready to show Emma what you can do?"

Sammy nodded slowly, but I could sense a hint of trepidation from her. At least she was mostly ready to do this. I didn't think I was ready at all.





Chapter 20: "Stigmata"


"Well, young witch, show me what you can do," Emma addressed Sam who smiled sheepishly. Suddenly, I felt bad for her. It seemed as if she had been put on the spot, and as I watched her fidget, her body language revealed her discomfort and lack of confidence. Sammy looked down embarrassed as she spoke, "Oh, I can't do much. Most of what I do is accidental."

Emma smiled easily as she spoke to Sammy, "Well, show me what you can do that's controlled." So the bitch could be nice to Sammy, at least. I guess that's all that matters in the end.

So the bitch could be nice to Sammy, at least. I guess that's all that matters in the end. From a few feet away, Stéphanie piped in with words of encouragement, "Show her your flames, child."

Sammy smiled, "Oh, yeah!" She was still absently clutching the books Emma had given her, and I held my arms out to take them from her. With her hands now free, Sammy lifted her right hand to snap her fingers, bringing her small pink flame to life with the gesture. I read pride on Sam's face but was worried that the witch who had literally just teleported four people into the wilderness would laugh at her feeble attempt at magic.

Miraculously, Emma didn't laugh, and instead said, "Well, it's a start." Looking at me, she said, "Vampire, would you mind moving next to Stéphanie? You're in the way."

I scowled, fighting the urge to go for my weapon and teach Emma a lesson: I minded being ordered around like an animal. Sensing my mounting anger, Stéphanie spoke, her voice adopting a calming tone, "Timothy, come stand next to me. You'll want a good seat for this next part, I think."

What was she talking about? I looked at Sammy, who smiled at me and nodded then decided to comply with the evil witch's request and stand next to the mambo, holding Sammy's books like the damn servant I was fighting hard not to be.

What was she talking about? With me out of the way, Emma moved next to Sammy and raised her right palm, "Samantha, I want you to try to do something like this. Raise your palm like I do. Keep it flat as if you're giving someone a sign to stop. That's right. Now, you've worked on channeling your magic with Stéphanie, right?"

Sammy nodded, as the other witch spoke, "Good, now I'm going to do that. Watch what I do, then you try it. As I'm channeling, I'm imagining my power forming a grenade, a ball of pure magic and power."

While she was speaking, I noticed tendrils of swirling purple light forming and hovering around Emma's palm. I smelled lilacs, but the smell wasn't anything like Sammy's rose scent when she used her magic. Maybe Sammy's aroma was just strong to me because I was...whatever I was to her.

"There," she said, looking at the purple magic in her palm, "It's ready, now, Sammy, I'm going to push my energy forward, aiming for that tree, right over there," she pointed with her free hand in the general direction of the treeline. "Ready, to watch, Samantha?"

Sammy nodded, and Emma grinned as a burst of purple energy shot out of her palm and into the trunk of an old oak tree several yards away with force enough to shatter bark and send pieces of trunk flying.

"Oh!" Sammy said, surprised. I snorted, it was fairly impressive, I guess.

Emma lowered her arm, then reached out and grabbed Sammy's upraised hand, flattening her palm more. When she was satisfied with the positioning, she spoke, "Ok, now you try."

Sammy's brow furrowed as she concentrated, and her tongue peeked out from the corner of her mouth. After a moment, I was hit by the smell of roses, and I felt the hairs on my arm begin to stand up, but the ball of pink lightning never materialized around her palm like Emma's magic had for her.

The other witch frowned before speaking, "I'm not sure what...Sammy, try harder."

"I'm trying." Sam said through gritted teeth.



"Not hard enough," the evil witch retorted. I couldn't help the growl that escaped my throat. She better not start treating Sam the way she'd been treating me. Upon hearing my threatening noise, the other witch looked back at me with disgust, but Sammy didn't even notice our exchange because she was concentrating so hard on manifesting her energy.

"I can't do it, Emma. I'm sorry." She lowered her hand back to her side while her shoulders slumped.

The other witch looked exasperated. Apparently, this was something that Sam should be able to do. I watched as Emma opened her mouth, probably to admonish Sammy.

I'd had enough of her shit. Before she could say anything to hurt Sam and break her focus, I shoved the books I held into Stéphanie's arms and stepped over my witch's side, ignoring the mambo's concerned look as I did. Sam could do this.

Emma glared at me for the interruption, and I snarled in response as I spoke. "Move," I commanded her with a growl, and I felt a twinge of satisfaction when I sensed the Emma's momentary fear as she moved to stand next to Stéphanie.

Emma put on a tough act, but I suspected that for all her bravado and theatrics, she wasn't shit when it came to actual combat.

"What are you doing, Timmy?"

I didn't respond as I grabbed her arm and held it out straight while flattening her palm just as Emma had before me.

"Sammy, you can do this."

"I don't know why, but I can't," she whined.

She looked at me, and I smiled reassuringly, "Try again." At my urging, Sam did try, and I caught her scent and felt a zap of electricity in the air that indicated her magic was doing something.

After several minutes of her attempting to manifest her energy, she lowered her arm while panting and looking tired, "It's just not working, Timmy."

I encouraged her, "Sweetheart, it will work." She looked dejected.

What could I do? After thinking about it for a moment, I had an idea. God, I hoped this worked. I'd feel some major guilt if it didn't.

I stepped away from her, easily slipping into my normal, non-Sammy tamed persona. Adopting the voice I used when training my people, I spoke. "Put your arm up, Sam," I commanded, my voice sounding intimidating, even to my own ears.

"I can't-" she started to protest, ignoring my change in voice.

I cut her off, speaking in even, measured tones, "Do it...now."

I could feel her surprise. I hadn't ever spoken to her like this, and I cringed. If it helped her, though, it would be worth it.

She followed my orders. "Straighten your arm. There. Now, shoulders back and spread your feet to ground your footing. Not like that!" She failed miserably, and with a sigh, I walked over and crouched down to take off her ridiculous heels and position her feet for her. As I stood, I used my hands to pull her shoulders, back, straightening them. When done, I resumed my place observing her with my arms crossed.

"Now, do what Emma told you to do."

"I-"

" Do not argue with me, human. Do it!" I spoke in a growl while enunciating every syllable, wincing because I knew I sounded like a fucking hardass.

Do not argue with me, human. She tried again, and I felt the snap of electricity and saw the look of concentration cross her features. Something was still blocking her.

"Sam breathe. Your heart is beating a mile a minute, and you look as nervous as a snitch being sent to 'general population' in prison."

She continued to clench her teeth, and it dawned on me. Something in her mind was preventing this from happening.

"What's stopping you?" I asked forcefully but without mind control. I'd never tried to control Sammy's actions with my abilities. It didn't seem right for some reason.

She didn't answer my question. "Answer me, Sam."

"I don't want to hurt anyone," she finally admitted.

I frowned, confused by her reply. "You're not hurting anyone with this."

"But I could."

So, she feared doing what Emma was trying to teach her would change who she was, enable her to hurt people. Maybe a little mercilessness would be good for Sam. "I know you don't want to hurt anyone, but there are people who deserve it."

"Timmy I-"

"Stop talking and think about the people who murdered your father." I felt her magical energy spike. Good. I would feel really guilty about bringing up her father if this tactic failed. "Aren't you angry?" I asked.

really Pink light was beginning to materialize near her palm as Emma's magic had for her.

"Tim-"

" Focus ! Do not talk because I don't want to hear it! Revenge. Sammy, don't you want revenge?" She nodded, curls bouncing in the moonlight while the intensifying pink light illuminated her face, casting sinister shadows over her features. She moved her arm absently as her energy grew. "Keep your goddamn arm where it goes!" I instructed her harshly.

Focus She didn't even admonish me for cursing and instead returned her arm to the position I had put it in earlier. I could literally taste roses. This was working.

I continued, "Good. Now, aim for that giant oak in front of you." I had nearly forgotten Stéphanie and Emma were observing, and I was too wrapped up in what I was doing to look at their expressions.

Sammy listened. She was remarkably good at listening. I watched, somewhat amazed as the pink ball grew stronger and stronger until it was twice the size of Emma's energy ball earlier. I didn't know how big she could make it, but I figured this was good enough.

"Stop." I ordered her, careful to keep my amazement from my voice and my tone normal and even. She stopped feeding energy into her palm, eyes focused and gaze narrowed angrily on the tree far in front of her. She looked...menacing. I unfolded my arms, as I spoke, "Now hit the motherfucking target, Sam."

She smiled darkly as she released her magic with a disorienting rush of energy. Her pink lightning slammed into the oak tree that was easily 200 years old. The trunk exploded in a riot of shards, and I heard an earth shattering crack as the target snapped like a twig. The top half of the felled tree slid off and took out several of the surrounding trees as it landed with a horrendously loud thud that shook the ground.

I grinned and looked at Sammy who was staring at her palm with an adorable look of disbelief. Curiously, I looked back at Emma and Stéphanie whose mouths were agape. Good. That should teach the bitch witch to be mean to Sammy.

I sensed Sam's sudden tiredness and looked at her as she lowered herself to the ground to rest. Wordlessly, I went and sat on the cool grass next to her.

When I took my position beside her, she rested her head against my shoulder, speaking quietly, "You're mean."

"I know I am, Sam."

She adjusted, leaning more heavily on me as she replied. "Thank you."

I smiled as we sat there, waiting for the mambo or Emma to say something while they stared at us in the moonlight.



something





Chapter 21: "I Don't Want to Set the World on Fire"


I felt Sammy's exhaustion as she rested her head against my shoulder. Apparently, what she had just done was incredibly taxing, and I could feel her energy fading.

I sighed, relieved that my being a dick had worked. Sammy was a fucking powerhouse. She just didn't know or understand that fact yet. One day, she'd learn.

Idly, as I waited for Emma and Stéphanie to recover from their shock enough to articulate some sort of response, I wondered how good Sammy could become with magic if she continued to train.

Judging by the bitch Emma's expression, Sammy's abilities were surprising and probably unexpectedly powerful. She had certainly managed to blow Emma's little magical love tap to the tree out of the water. I mean, I always knew Sammy was special. Was she that different from other witches, though?

I craned my neck forward so that I could turn and regard my witch, whose eyelids were growing heavy. One day, she'd be able to teleport people or easily blow up a building with a flick of her wrist, but right now, she was just my Sammy, falling asleep on my shoulder.

"Well," Stéphanie broke the silence first, "the child's abilities are rather...unexpected I think."

Emma scowled as she turned on Stephanie, "Priestess, you didn't warn me that she was so strong. This could have ended terribly had the familiar not held her back."

I bared my teeth and growled quietly enough that I wouldn't wake Sammy, who was now fast asleep with her head resting rather uncomfortably on me. Now the evil witch was taking digs at my friend, too. I couldn't stand Emma. "Stéphanie did not know how strong Sammy was, witch, and don't call me 'familiar.' My name is Timothy."

Emma frowned at me, "The mambo should have known."

"I knew only that she was touched by the gods," the priestess explained, "I did not know that she was...different somehow. The Loa did not explain that, and I have never dealt with a witch besides yourself, Emma. I simply gave her the basic tools of witchcraft. I am unqualified to do anything more than than that, and I don't know enough about your kind to assess her skill level."

The bitch witch opened her mouth to respond, but I cut her off, speaking before she could, "What did you mean about 'could have ended terribly,' Emma?"

She looked at me as if she were annoyed to have to explain this, "Sammy's abilities appear to be unusually pronounced. A fledgling witch should not be able to do what Sammy just did, and with that sort of power, she could have easily taken out half of the forest or done something far worse."

She turned toward Stephanie as she spoke, "I'm surprised the mambo didn't sense it."

In response to the witch's second jibe at my friend, I growled in earnest this time, causing Sammy to stir and sensing a deeply satisfying spike of fear from Emma. Good. I got the feeling Emma could use a little fear in her life to take that ego down a notch.

The evil witch continued, but her words came across as more reserved and less judgmental, "She needs to be trained...properly. Witches learn by doing. She must work through the grimoires on her own, mastering the spells and eventually coming up with her own. Stephanie can help her sometimes, but this is something Sammy has to do on her own. Discovering the extent of her abilities and how to use them is the most important journey a witch can engage in."

Holy hell, Sammy had to learn this shit on her own. What kind of system is that? It seemed decidedly dangerous to let witches, humans with enormous power, take the reins in their own training.

And, since I was...whatever I was to Sam, that meant I would be taking this little learning journey right along with her. What had I gotten myself into?



I huffed as I moved awkwardly so that I could scoop a sleeping Sammy up in my arms and stand. She stirred a little, slinging her arms around my neck and resting her head against my shoulder just under my ear, her breath flowing in and out evenly.

Sammy was so damn tiny. Randomly, I forgot about all that had just happened, her blowing up a tree then passing out from the exertion, and found myself simply worrying about whether or not she had been eating enough.

We didn't really go grocery shopping enough considering I didn't think about it because I didn't eat, and Sammy often neglected to eat when she grew really intent about training, skipping meals far too often.

What did she like to eat? Pizza. We'd have to order lots of pizza, and maybe...vegetables. Humans needed balanced diets, right?

With effort, I pulled myself from my absent musings. "Well, witch," I spoke, addressing Emma, "Care to take us back to the city? I don't know that you'll get anything more out of Sam tonight."

With a nod and an expression that said she wanted to say more but was holding herself back, the bitch witch snapped her fingers, returning us to the mambo's shop. Hell, I hated the dizzying feeling of teleportation, but I guess I'd have to get used to that...and the thought of being accidentally blown up as Sammy practiced those "magic grenades."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. We...well, technically "I" because Sammy was out like a light and breathing heavily in my ear, bid the witch and Stephanie farewell shortly after we arrived back in the shop.

Before we left, an irritated Emma assured me after much prodding that Sammy's exhaustion was normal, that it would take time for her to adjust to using her abilities. The more of her power she depleted at one time, the more exhausted she'd become as her body replenished itself.

If she continued to use her powers regularly while slowly increasing the amount of energy she expended in each session, then she would be able to utilize more of her magic without tiring. Only time would tell just how much power Sammy held, but her practicing regularly was the only way to build that power and find out what her upper limits were.

Emma also issued an unsettling warning: if Sam depleted her energy too much, then she could exhaust her body beyond the point of recovery. For a witch, losing her magic was a death sentence.

Witches were born human. However, over time, repeatedly wielding magical power changed their biology, making them more inhuman than human. Once their bodies adjusted to that much magic, they couldn't survive utter depletion of their abilities. It was like a vampire trying to survive without blood. A witch without magic would die. Sammy could-

I forced myself to stop thinking about the dangers Emma had just divulged, instead focusing fully on the evil witch's words as she informed me that she would be returning to Europe for a while. Stephanie could get in touch with her if we had any questions.

Supposedly, Emma had business to attend to but would be willing to answer some of Sammy's questions, and the evil witch would return to the states to check on Sammy's progress in a month.

Sam would, according to tradition, have to figure out her magic herself. Self-discovery was apparently part of being a witch.

Following Emma's sharing of those final tidbits of witch-related information, I left Stephanie's shop with Sammy in my arms and placed her gingerly in my car.

As I drove home in silence, I tried to ignore the bitchy witch's dire warning. Could Sammy really die if she used too much magic at once? How much was too much for her? How close had she been to using too much power earlier that night? These thoughts consumed me as I drove us home, threatening to distract me from the road.

I was...deeply concerned. I didn't know how it happened, when I had changed so much, but the thought of losing Sammy terrified me. In a way, I questioned whether or not my feelings were genuine. I didn't know if they were the result of whatever hellish spell I was under or if I truly cared for the witch, but all I knew was that I couldn't imagine my life without Sammy now.

When we arrived at my place, I toted her inside, heading toward her room. As I passed the door to my bedroom, I paused. Maybe...maybe Sammy would want to sleep in my bed tonight. I found myself ashamed to admit that I really wanted her to sleep next to me.

As I placed her gently on my mattress, I told myself the only reason I was doing this was so that I could keep an eye on her. Emma had said that depleting magical energy too much could be dangerous. If Sam slept in my bed, then I'd be able to make sure she didn't...that she wasn't-

I again forced myself to stop following this train of thought as I crawled into bed on my side after kicking off my shoes. I flicked on the TV, keeping the volume low so that I wouldn't wake her up.

Yeah, the only reason I let her sleep next to me tonight was so that I could keep an eye on her, and I told myself this fact as I grabbed her and slowly pulled her closer to me, putting my arm under her neck just how she always positioned it when she crawled into my bed like a scared puppy when it stormed.

As she breathed rhythmically beside me, I leaned over and rested my cheek on the top of her head while I mindlessly watched whatever wildly inaccurate documentary about ancient aliens was playing on the so-called History Channel.

Weirdly, the smell of roses made me feel just a little bit better, and I closed my eyes for just a second.

With my eyes closed and Sammy's scent filling my mind, I found myself hoping that she wouldn't want to keep training to use her magic. However, in the end, I knew that, at this point, her learning to use her abilities was absolutely essential.

She needed to know what she was capable of. Otherwise, it would just keep leaking out of her wildly like it had before. Even worse, she could deplete her magic and not even know what the hell was happening if she didn't develop a stronger understanding of her own power.

Involuntarily, I squeezed her closer, and in response she sighed and wiggled nearer. At least she was sleeping soundly. When my witch woke up, I'd have to divulge what I had learned.





Chapter 22: "Bad Moon Rising"


When Sammy awoke a few hours later with a contented stretch, I had reluctantly told her what Emma had said about her needing to train and that she had to avoid expending too much power.

I still clung to her for some goddamn reason, and she didn't seem to be in a hurry to pull herself out of my arms. As I spoke, she cocked her head as she looked up at me. When I finished, she smiled. "Oh, Timmy, I knew that already. The deep feelings told me all that when I was sleeping."

I rolled my eyes, "Deep feelings... right ."

right She smiled again, and turned her attention to the television, which was still playing Ancient Aliens . Apparently, there was a marathon going on today, and I had been too lazy to grab the remote and change the channel.

Ancient Aliens She laughed quietly, "Why does the guy with the weird hair insist aliens built the pyramids at Giza? Everyone knows inter-dimensional beings helped the Egyptians construct those pyramids to make a portal."

I gawked at her as she reached up to rub her eyes. I didn't know that. And, a portal to fucking where? I shrugged. I could never learn everything that the deep feelings told Sammy.

Ignoring my look of disbelief, Sammy freed herself from my grasp and crawled out of bed, saying something about needing to get started reading the grimoires Emma had given her.

When she crossed over to my side of the bed, Sammy leaned over toward me, and I cringed. What the hell was she going to do now?

She smiled, face inches from mine before she placed a rather unexpected kiss on my cheek, following her affection with, "If you wanna help me, Timmy, you can."

I grunted, and pushed myself up from the bed. I still had a few months before I had to return to work at Knight Corp. It looked like those few months would be spent helping Sammy to train to use real magic, not just the party tricks the mambo knew.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. The grimoires Emma had given my witch were remarkable. Sammy and I still visited Stéphanie regularly, and the mambo helped Sam perfect meditation and controlling her abilities. However, Sammy's studies really picked up as she worked through those books. By the end of the first two weeks of her studies, Sammy could teleport an apple from one end of my living room to another.

She kept telling me that she wanted to try it on herself, but I kept saying she needed to practice with fruit first. I don't know why, but I didn't trust Sammy's new-found abilities, probably because the apples occasionally showed up on the other side of my living room inside out.

We also took several trips into the wilderness so that she could try out those "magic grenades" again. Sam was good at blowing stuff up...scary good. I only had to be an ass a few times before she got the hang of it and was able to manifest her energy naturally on her own.

Stéphanie seemed thrilled with Sammy's self-directed progress, and although the mambo didn't always voice her praise, I could see the look of pride in her eyes when Sam showed her something new she'd learned from the books.



Emmanuel still visited the shop sometimes, but the changes in Sammy seemed to frighten the guy. I think I knew what the problem was. As her magic grew stronger, Sam's demeanor began to change. Of course, she grew more confident and self-assured, but it wasn't just that personality change that Emmanuel picked up on.

Sam was changing on a biological level. To me, she was still the same old Sammy, but her aura was becoming something...different. Other humans were beginning to sense that there was something off about her, an abnormality that went beyond her usual weirdness.

Sammy was an Other, and humans were picking up on it just like they could sense the inhuman nature of vampires even though we blended in well with their kind. The changes in Sammy didn't bother me. I spent my undead life around inhumans, so new-Sammy still felt like old-Sammy to me.

I was beginning to feel, though, that Sam and I were attached at the hip. We were together constantly, and I had noticed an unusual connection between us.

Our relationship elicited weird sensations for me, and things were getting so bad that sometimes we'd automatically finish each other's sentences or even somehow communicate emotions wordlessly between us.

It wasn't a mental connection persay. I couldn't read her mind or any shitty nonsense like that, but I could sometimes just...tell things about Sammy: how she felt, what she was thinking. And, at times, I felt Sam automatically knew everything about me.

Following several weeks of this intensive training, Sam could tell I was getting restless. As I passively watched Sammy levitate my coffee table, I wondered if I should start legitimately training her in hand-to-hand combat. If she combined her abilities with a basic knowledge of combat, then she'd be quite a formidable witch. Maybe, she'd even be strong enough to help bring her father's killers to justice.

Catching me watching her from my chair with my feet propped up and chin resting on my palm, Sammy released the table, which fell back to my floor with a tremendous thud, scraping the 150 year old hardwood in the process. I sighed. Now I had another repair to add to my list.

"Timmy, you seem tired. Why don't you have some fun? I'm sure Antoinette would be happy to hang out with you."

I frowned. Antoinette hadn't been answering my calls or my messages, so I truly doubted she'd want to see me. Besides, what if I was...needed for something. "Oh, I don't know about that, Sam."

Sammy smiled faintly, "I think you should go out, Tim. I'll be fine here."

In response to her words, I sat up. Should I try to find Antoinette? I mean, I hadn't let off any steam since Sammy had toddled her way into my life. And, this was my vacation, even though it was rapidly drawing to a close.

I regarded Sammy, who seemed rueful. When she caught me staring, she grinned. It wasn't a smile that reached her eyes, but it was genuine, "It's really OK, Timmy. I bet she'd go on a date with you if you took some flowers. Maybe roses?"

I snorted in amusement. First of all, Sammy very clearly didn't understand my relationship with Antoinette. Second, roses were only for Sammy.

With a grunt, I stood and stretched, "As long as you think you'll be OK here alone."

She regarded me with a look of annoyance as she admonished me, "I got along just fine before, Timmy."

I felt a pang of guilt. I was underestimating my witch. "Yeah, yeah. I know. I'm sorry. I just...worry."

Sammy smiled brilliantly, "I worry about you, too. That's why I want you to go have fun tonight. I can always call Stéphanie if I need anything, and I won't practice any more magic tonight. There's a Bewitched marathon that I wanted to watch."

Bewitched Oh joy, another Bewitched marathon. I should totally get out while I still had the chance.

Bewitched Following her instructions, albeit a little reluctantly, I grabbed my keys off the dining room table and shoved my phone into my pocket. Surely I could smooth everything over with Antoinette if I could just see her in person.

As I walked to the door, I looked back at Sammy. "Please call if you need me, sweetheart, and don't do anything crazy."

She rolled her eyes, "You're worse than my mamma was, Timmy. I'll be fine." She smiled, but I got the sense that there was something more going on in that little head of hers. I didn't press her though, and Sammy waved at me while yelling, "Have fun!"

"Bye, Sam!" I called back, as I walked out of my home, locking the door behind me. I ignored my trepidation about leaving the witch alone.

I wasn't worried about the hunters who had killed her father finding her. They didn't know where Sammy was, and even if they did, New Orleans was hunter-free considering the city was crawling with supernaturals. Hunters weren't dumb enough to attack us head-on with their numbers so weak.

They were a formidable group, but apparently genetically engineered monsters were difficult to produce. As a result, there were very few hunters out there, at least based upon our observations and what we'd learned from Meriwa.

I wasn't worried Sammy would be attacked by the bastards. No, I feared Sammy and do something silly that she'd need my help fixing.

I tried to ignore my unease. She had told me to have fun, and I needed to have fun.

needed Antoinette was always a blast. I just hoped I could smooth things over with her.

As I buckled myself in and started up my car, I refused to acknowledge the tiny and inexplicable ball of guilt I felt. Tonight was my night. My Sammy would be fine.





Chapter 23: "The Gentleman is a Dope"


Antoinette hadn't been home when I showed up at her place. When I finally realized this fact, I had cursed involuntarily. There I was, ready to eat crow in front of the other vampire just so that we could have a fun evening together, our first time in months incidentally, and she hadn't even been there.

Instead, I'd run into her vampire roommate Olivia. I had never really understood Olivia. She had always seemed so aloof, and I also got the feeling that she was something...other, something far more complicated than she initially appeared.

She kept to herself far to much for me to understand the nuances of her personality. Most of the time, I didn't even see her when I visited my old friend Antoinette.

Olivia was a tattoo artist who specialized in tattooing supernaturals. I didn't really understand how she did it, especially considering vampires healed too quickly to be tattooed by normal means. All I know is that she somehow integrated magic into what she did.

Anyway, despite my initial disappointment, it worked out for the better that Antoinette wasn't there. Olivia was unexpectedly...exhilarating, even more so than Antoinette. Her mysterious injuries had been a bit concerning, but she struck me as someone capable of defending herself, especially considering she somehow managed to knock me on my ass...well, technically shove me against a wall.

Anyway, I had an amazing time until she had decided to end things far too abruptly, feeding me some bullshit line about having to protect Lucifer. She was just being a goddamn tease, that's what it was.

As I unlocked the door to my home, I found myself even more frustrated than when I'd left. If only Olivia had finished what she'd started, then I wouldn't feel like I did right now.

I couldn't help but remember her curves, her almond-colored skin, her scent, her voice, her commands. Everything about the other vampire filled my mind as I stepped inside my home.

She had told me that I'd earned the right to take care of myself. Maybe I would-

"You're back, Timmy!" Sammy called from the living room. I walked in to see her sitting on the floor, wearing my fuzzy black bathrobe and eating a giant bowl of ice cream and sitting in front of the TV which was, of course, playing Bewitched .

Bewitched "Yeah, I'm back."

She regarded me then, smiling, her expression changing when she noticed my left arm. "Oh, I didn't know you were going to get a tattoo. It's beautiful." Her eyes were wide with wonder.

What the hell? Olivia had been tattooing something on me as we had our fun, but I hadn't even really paid attention.

As I looked down at my left arm, I saw the other vampire's handiwork. She had created an intricate design of vines and roses, in mostly gray scale with pops of red in the roses themselves, that wound its way down my bicep and arm, ending at my wrist.

Curious, I promptly removed my shirt and saw that the image began all the way at my collarbone and shoulder blade.

How in the fuck had she managed to do all of this? We weren't at it that long...were we?

Sammy watched me, unashamedly eating another huge spoonful of ice cream, french vanilla judging by the smell, as she stared at me, giving me the distinct impression she was ogling my body.

I don't know why, but her gaze made me feel self-conscious as she finally put down her bowl and stood, stalking over to me with confidence. She had certainly changed over these past few months.

For a brief moment, she stood in front of me, staring deeply into my eyes with a look strong enough to make a saint nervous.

Eventually, I flinched as she reached out and touched my collar bone where the design began and stared at the new tattoo as she lightly traced her fingers down the pattern, following the intricately woven lines as they wound their way down my bicep, down my forearm, ending at my wrist.

I shuddered. Whatever Olivia had done to make this tattoo permanent in spite of my vampire healing left my skin sore, and Sammy's feather-light touch was still enough cause a little wave of pain.

Inspection complete, she removed her hand and smiled beautifully at me, "It's absolutely gorgeous, Timmy."

If I could, I'd be blushing. Why did Sammy make me like this?

Absently, almost as a second though, she blurted out, "Oh, and Olivia is more than a vampire, Timmy."

I snorted, pulling back from my witch so that I could tug my shirt back on. Sure she was. "I don't know, Sam. I think the deep feelings may be wrong about this one."

In response to my disbelief, she shrugged, "Believe what you want, Timmy." She turned back toward the TV, retaking her position on the floor and grabbing her ice cream.

I huffed before finally saying, "I think I'm gonna go watch something other than Bewitched in my room, Sammy."

Bewitched As I spoke, she looked away from the TV long enough to stare at me with a knowing smile. She then looked down at her bowl for a moment, got another spoonful of ice cream, and then looked back at me as she placed it in her mouth, slowly pulling the spoon out and holding it near her lips as she swallowed. Absently, she looked at the spoon and promptly licked off any remaining ice cream with a flick of her tongue.

When she was done, Sammy offered me a mischievous grin before saying, "Have fun, Timmy."

Shit. Did she know? How could she know? Surely she didn't sense my frustration. That wasn't possible.

Shaking my head, I turned back and stomped back toward my bedroom, "And don't eat all that damn ice cream, Sammy. I know how you get when you have too much sugar. I don't feel like dealing with you when you have that much energy."

Behind me, I heard her laughing, a sound that left me feeling decidedly conflicted about this whole interaction. She had no way of knowing exactly what Olivia and I had done...right? I breathed a sigh of relief as I shut my door behind me. Sammy was too damned intuitive for her own good.





Chapter 24: Nevertheless (I'm in Love with You)


After that night, I continued to help Sammy train while occasionally taking breaks to search for Olivia, who had dropped off the face of the earth after providing me with my rose tattoo coupled with a fair amount of personal frustration.

Sam threw her full weight behind training. However, as her comfort and abilities grew, I found myself more uneasy when it became apparent that Sammy's skills were quite abnormal.

When Emma returned after a month to assess her abilities, Sammy was the one who teleported us into the middle of goddamn nowhere where she subsequently obliterated a small copse of trees with her pink magic, eliciting an exclamation of surprise from Emma and a proud smirk from the mambo, who I still relied on heavily to help me understand my witch.

Granted, Sammy then passed out, and Emma had to transport us back to the mambo's shop, but Sam was getting better. A lot better.

Like the priestess, I was also proud of how far Sam had come, but the extent of her abilities frightened even me. She picked up on her studies very quickly, almost unnaturally so, and her power seemed to rival Emma's abilities, which was shocking considering Sammy didn't grow up in the witch world like Emma had.

The German witch was raised learning this shit. Sam had only been studying for a few months, and I was starting to believe she could already outdo the bitchy other witch.

Yeah, my witch's progress was remarkable. According to the mambo, Sam was like a toddler learning to recite Shakespeare from memory only a week after learning how to speak. Her growth wasn't fucking normal, but was any part of this little adventure that the two of us were on truly normal?

There was still a lot of trial and error over the course of Sam's journey. Most notably, I remembered the time she accidentally summoned an asshole demon with ridiculous horns who somehow knew Olivia. The demon had the audacity to criticize me for not feeding Sammy enough.

First of all, why the fuck would a demon care if Sam was getting three square meals a day? Second, how could I know Sam needed something if she didn't tell me? I hadn't been human for 150 years. I didn't exactly remember what her people needed. Anyway, despite my dislike of the horned asshole, I made an effort to take better care of Sammy after that encounter.

The demon's criticism did bring me to one of my more important revelations, though. Not only was I learning more about what Sammy could do, but I was also learning more about our relationship.

I didn't like the word "familiar." I still don't, and I'm most certainly not Sam's pet. However, I soon realized that when she became consumed by her studies, she'd neglect her basic needs: eating, drinking, sleeping, etc.

Therefore, I took it upon myself to remind her to eat or sleep or whatever the hell it was she hadn't done during the day. I also tried to keep her from doing stupid shit like teleporting herself into the wall or re-summoning the asshole demon.

Because of my efforts, I sometimes I felt like I was wrangling a toddler. Most of my time was spent making sure Sam didn't, you know, die, either from a lack of caring for her human side or from some sort of magic-related fuck up.

She knew what I tried to do, too. My Sam was aware of the fact that I was trying to help her. I could just tell she knew. When she'd crawl on the couch with me and rest her head against my shoulder, I just felt it. She trusted me for some goddamn reason, and I trusted her, despite her proclivity for making mistakes.

In those moments, I knew that whatever we were to each other, it was right. In spite of the ridiculousness, our relationship worked. Sam needed me, and I needed her.

Her studies took up most of the remainder of my vacation, and I hesitated to remind her that I would soon be returning to regular work at Knight Corp. My job entailed long working hours and a significant amount of travel, which meant that for the first time since we had found each other, we would be apart...a lot. I didn't want to worry about that yet, so I passively helped Sam learn and ignored our impending separation.



My position as Sam's assistant was sometimes decidedly boring. Mercifully, I managed to escape my house one evening and happened to find Olivia in her shop. That had been a nice respite, and I had walked away with yet another tattoo and, on a personal note, much more satisfied than after my first visit with her. Thank God for that.

Well, technically I didn't walk away from that encounter with Olivia. No, I woke up in my own bed incredibly confused and naked. This was surprising for several reasons. I couldn't teleport, Sammy obviously didn't bring me back, and I was a fucking vampire. I never sleep, so why the hell did I "wake up."

To make matters worse, I couldn't immediately remember what had happened and was greeted by a very distraught Sammy who was crying and saying something about not being able to "feel" me for a minute while climbing on top of me, not realizing I was in my birthday suit.

When she looked down and finally realized my nudity, her embarrassment had been decidedly amusing and kind of adorable, but it broke my heart when she still wouldn't let me get up and get dressed because she was worried I'd leave again.

I had to sit there for several minutes and hold her. When Sam finally recovered enough from her sadness and my mysterious return home and I started to regain my memories, I realized that it was nice to feel like me again. As much as I loved Sam, she had really been cramping my style since she stumbled into my life. I wouldn't have it any other way, but breaks were nice. And, the enigmatic Olivia had been a very nice break.

Finally noticing the new tattoo, she had given me a reserved yet knowing grin and admired my new body art in the same way she had gently touched my first rose tattoo.

This new work of art was comprised of captivating scenes and meaningful items from my human life. I had no idea how Olivia knew about these things. Hell, she even included shit that I had forgotten, like the fact that mama's favorite flower was a blue iris.

I got the sense that Sam's deep feelings might be right about Olivia. She was clearly something other than a normal vampire. Sure, she she may not be a vampire considering she teleported me home, but that nonsense about her being Lucifer's minion was still bullshit. At least, it had to be bullshit. The devil didn't exist. The world had enough monsters without the added complication of an eternal struggle between biblical good and evil.

may had I mused about Olivia as I struggled to make dinner. I always followed the instructions in the cookbook, the new one I went out and bought a couple of weeks ago, not that piece of shit book mama had managed to use all those years. Nevertheless, even when I followed the instructions explicitly, everything I made seemed to turn out like crap. Not that I could taste it, but I could read the expression on Sam's face every time she sampled my cooking.

Tonight's selection was simple: sauteed vegetables and rice. I could do this...right? Anyway, I was hunched over the stove, stirring a mass of fresh vegetables in the skillet when Sam came into the kitchen.

Instead of walking to the counter and perching on a bar stool to observe me like she normally did, Sam kept going and stopped behind me then wrapped her small arms around my waist and buried her head into my back.

Oh great, she only did this when something was wrong.

I lowered the stove's heat and gently laid the wooden spoon on a spoon rest. With the dinner preparation postponed, I then turned to hug her before asking, "What's wrong, Sam?" I carefully hid the trepidation in my voice.

She burrowed into my shirt before responding with a muffled voice, "We've got to go back to Hunter, Tennessee."

I scowled. True to my word, I had been trying to follow up and find something, anything about the murder of her father, but thanks to what I suspected was hunter involvement, there was very little I had been able to do to help Sam bring her father's killers to justice.

Hunters were slimy bastards who covered their tracks exceedingly well. There was no chance in hell I could find Sammy answers, but I didn't want to admit that fact to either myself or Sam just yet.

I rubbed her back before sighing and replying with, "I supposed the deep feelings told you we had to go back there, huh?"

She nodded against me, still not showing me her face. I cursed inwardly. This would be hard, but thus far the "deep feelings" hadn't steered Sam wrong. Well, except for them telling her to summon the asshole demon.

Unfortunately, if we followed the instructions provided by the deep feelings, it looked like my last week of vacation would be spent helping Sam confront her own personal demons in Hunter, Tennessee. I squeezed her close. It would be OK. She would be OK.

She Little did I know we would face our greatest trial together in that godforsaken section of Tennessee.





Chapter 25: "Bust Your Kneecaps"


Our arrival in Tennessee was uneventful. Initially, Sam had wanted to teleport us into Hunter, Tennessee, but I was worried about that little plan considering she hadn't ever transported anything more than a few miles away from my home or the mambo's shop. On top of that, teleportation wasn't exactly easy, even for a seasoned witch, and I was worried about the whole Sammy exhausting her witchy energy thing.

Instead, I convinced her to let me fly us into Knoxville using Knight Corp resources. When we got there, I procured a vehicle and drove us to her town. Initially, Sam appeared just as chipper as always, but I got the sense that something was amiss.

Confirming my suspicions, as soon as we entered the outskirts of Hunter, Sam's demeanor changed. She seemed reserved and nervous. I attributed her shift in mood to the horror she had witnessed here, so I didn't press the issue when bubbly Sammy turned into morose Sam.

I drove quietly, following Sam's instructions and having no idea where she was leading me. Eventually, we pulled into a small local diner around 9:00 pm.

The place was rather crowded for a weekday night in a sleepy southern town, and as I put the car in park, Sammy sank deeper into the passenger seat, seemingly reluctant to get out.

"Is this where we're supposed to be?" I asked as I unbuckled my seat belt. Generally, I avoided seat belts, but I'd gotten into the habit of wearing mine thanks to Sam's nagging.

She didn't speak but nodded in affirmation as she, unbuckled her belt and reluctantly opened the passenger side door. After exiting, she shuffled over to me and led me inside, shoulders slumping a little as she moved.

When the bell on the top of the door chimed, most patrons looked up from their meals to stare at the door, and I noticed recognition in several pairs of eyes when people saw my witch.

I frowned, though, when I detected the looks of derision in some sets of eyes, and my witch kept her head down as the hostess led us to a booth. With a slight sigh, Sam plopped wearily onto the bench across from me.

When the waitress asked what we wanted, we both ordered drinks, but I could already sense that Sam was about to pass on food. Before she could wave our server away, I ordered some fries then handed the waitress our menus.

I certainly didn't need food, but Sam did. Hell, if I wasn't here, would she ever eat? I really was learning more about my role as a partner in Sammy's life.

ever was When we were finally left alone, I did my best to ignore the wayward glances people cast in our direction as I finally tried to figure out what was wrong with Sam.

"What's up, Sammy?" I asked quietly.

She looked at me and smiled faintly. "I just...I don't know why the deep feelings brought me here , back to town."

here "So you have no idea what we're doing here?"

She shook her head, curls bouncing and expression dire. "I don't particularly like it here, Timmy. People...umm...people weren't very nice to me."

I scowled as the waitress brought over Sam's fries and drinks for the both of us. Who would be mean to Sammy?

As the witch tentatively shoved a fry into her mouth, the door chimed, and Sam's posture stiffened as she stopped chewing when she saw whoever entered the establishment.

In response to the new arrival, her cheeks flushed, and she tried to sink lower on the bench.

Curiously, I turned to see who had caused such a change in my Sam, and I frowned when I realized the new figure was a relatively young sheriff's deputy, probably one of the ones who had fucked up the investigation into the murder of Sam's father.



I looked back at Sammy, whose eyes were downcast and expression ashamed. Who the hell was this guy? I fought the urge to snarl as I looked back up and saw the deputy approaching us while I heard a faint whisper of "shit" from Sam across from me.

Whoever this guy was, his presence alone was enough to make Sam curse, which automatically put me on fucking edge.

The new figure offered us both a slimy grin as he stepped up to our table and spoke, "Well, do my eyes deceive me or is that little ole' Sammy?"

She still didn't look at the guy as she replied, "Hi, Carl. Its been a while."

The guy put his thumbs through his belt loops, prominently displaying his weapon and pepper spray as he did, "I'll say. The last time I saw you was after that whole business with the animal attack." I did snarl this time, but it was quiet enough that I was able to play it off as a cough.

Upon hearing my noise, Carl turned his gaze on me. "How rude, Sam. You didn't introduce me to your friend."

Sam didn't speak, but she didn't have to. "Timothy Chisenhall." I smiled woodenly, not offering my hand because I knew I would react very poorly if this guy got near me.

"Carl Jones," the deputy replied, looking somewhat surprised that I didn't offer to shake his hand.

After sizing me up, he snorted and turned his attention back to Sam, who was uncharacteristically quiet. "So, is this your new amour, Sammy?"

"I...umm," Sam stuttered.

"Yes." I replied, daring the dick to look at me.

When he finally did, he scowled while taking in my freshly healed tattoos. "I didn't peg you as someone with such...colorful taste, Sammy. You have changed."

have Carl looked squarely at me before continuing, "Sammy's always been a bit of a nut job, Timothy. Do you know what we used to call her 'round here?"

Sammy finally spoke, quietly yet emphatically, "Don't Carl-"

He laughed as he ignored her request, "Insane Sammy! That's what we called her. Know why? Well, part of it is that she used to go around and tell people she could see ghosts. Can you believe that, Timothy?"

I clenched my fist, fighting the urge to react irrationally. This wasn't the place...not the place.

With tremendous effort, I broke eye contact with Carl and turned my attention back to Sam. "How about we get out of here, sweetheart?" I said quietly. She nodded as I pulled a ten dollar bill out of my wallet and dropped it onto the table.

Carl backed off so that we could get up, but he kept running his goddamn mouth. "Sweetheart? Now that's a nickname I never pegged you for liking, Sammy."

Sammy ignored him and moved to stand beside me. After I took a cleansing breath, I returned my attention to the deputy. "We're leaving before I do or say something irrational. I would say it was nice to meet you, but I'm not a fucking liar."

The guy had the nerve to play dumb. "What's the problem? I was just tying to catch up with an old friend and her boyfriend. You don't have to be such a jackass."

I very nearly growled, but Sammy slipped her hand into mine and led me out of the diner, small hand shaking as she did. We had parked around the side of the building, so I led the two of us toward the car, frowning as Carl followed inexplicably.

"I did want to ask you a few questions, Sammy!" he called after us. "I'm curious about why you're back here."

He paused dramatically before adding, "I know everyone else came to the conclusion that what happened to your father was an animal attack, but I know you ."

you My head whipped around while Sammy continued to stare at the car, refusing to make eye contact with Carl. I glared at the guy. Mercifully, there were no other humans around. I suspected things were about to get heated.

He grinned evil when he saw that he had gotten my attention. "If you haven't caught on yet, Timothy, Sammy is weird. Really weird. I know she knows more about what happened to her father than she let on. Why else would she come back here? She is Insane Sammy after all, returning to roost at the scene of her crime."

know I bit my tongue hard enough to break the skin and fill my mouth with the dark vampire equivalent of human blood. My self-inflicted injury healed quickly, but I stared at Carl with poison in my gaze. If he said one more damn thing, I wouldn't be able to stop myself.

Carl grinned again before addressing Sam directly, "If you can see ghosts, then why the hell didn't you tell us what happened to your daddy, Samantha?

She still didn't face him, instead staring at the side of the car. The bastard continued, "You wanna know my theory? I think you were somehow involved in this, that you found out your daddy knew you were fucking insane, and you had him killed somehow. See, you want everyone to think you're so nice and innocent, but I know you. You're a fucking bit-"

know Before he could utter another poisonous word, I snarled and flew at the guy, slamming him against the wall.

With a human slowness that was comical to my heightened senses, he tried to go for his piece. "Do not touch it!" I commanded him using my power. He froze, eyes wide with fear. I held him there, pinned against the worn brick of the old diner wall as I fought to restrain myself.

As the seconds ticked by, I grew angrier and angrier, and I could sense my eyes darkening as my baser instincts fought to be unleashed. Who knows what would have happened if I hadn't been restrained by Sammy, who put her tiny hand on my arm.

"Timmy, let's go." She whispered pitifully. I looked at her, and her expression matched the pleading tones in her voice.

I wanted more than anything to teach this asshole a lesson, but Sammy was begging me not to. I couldn't deny my Sammy.

With a good deal of effort, I released the deputy, who landed unceremoniously on the ground. "You will not go for any weapons, nor will you radio this in." I commanded him as I turned to follow Sam to the car.

With my back to him, the guy's balls grew enough for him to offer me what he believed would be our parting words:

"You're probably wondering how I know so much about her, Timothy. Well, I fucked her." He spat, hatred in his voice.

I froze in my tracks, my shoulders stiffening. At my side, I watched as Sammy turned around to look at Carl, panic coloring her expression.

What the fuck had he just said?

What the fuck had he just said?





Chapter 26: "Bad Guy"


"What did you just say?" I asked the deputy, my voice deceptively quiet.

Carl mistook my silence for calm and continued, wiping his mouth as he stood. "Yeah, we were in high school."

He pointed a finger at Sam, his voice full of accusation as my witch stared at the ground, refusing to make eye contact with me. "I never bought that innocent act of hers. So, I thought I'd test my theories about her. All it took was me fucking telling her I loved her a few times before she put out."

He laughed, apparently entirely unaware of the danger he was in as my gaze darkened. He kept speaking, "But then she had the nerve to break up with me , told me some shit about not wanting to be with anyone at all. But, here she is. Samantha comes back to town, after her father died under unusual circumstances, parading some sort of tatted up gangster around in front of me, telling me he's her boyfriend."

me he's I growled.

"Tim..." Sammy warned.

Carl laughed again. "Did you just growl at me? God, you two were meant for each other. You're both freaks."

growl He paused, pretending to think before he asked, "Tell me, Timothy, has she gotten better at fucking or is she still just as inadequate as I remember?"

I couldn't hold back anymore. I flung myself at him with enough force to break several of his bones when he landed on the pavement with me on top of him.

In the back of my mind, I registered Sammy telling me to stop, but there wasn't anything she could do at this point. I was furious, and that rage had unleashed the monster inside of me.

Without hesitation, I punched the human squarely in his smug jaw, shattering the right side and smiling when I felt his jaw break.

I raised my fist, ready to hit again when I suddenly felt myself flung off his body and into the brick wall of the diner. Through my blind rage, I saw Sammy, palm upraised and tears in her eyes, pinning me there with her pink magic.

I stared at her face until I felt my rage begin to subside. She was devastated, looking utterly distraught. I didn't want to see her like this. I had to help her, and my rage was keeping me from doing that.

I closed my eyes, forcing myself to take a breath in then out. Seconds later and through clenched teeth, I manged to say, "I'm fine, Sam."

Trusting me, she released me, and I fell to my hands and knees on the concrete.

I stood while wiping the dirt mixed with Carl's blood on my pants. Miraculously, we seemed to be far enough from the front door of the diner that none of the humans in the establishment came out to check on all the racket, and with my mind nominally clearer, I looked at the prone form of the deputy, who was somehow still conscious.

Biting back my hunger at the scent of his blood, I walked closer to him and crouched down, making sure my fangs were elongated as I leaned over him and glared before speaking, "The only reason you're alive is because Sammy is far more merciful than I am, and killing you would make her even sadder."

His eyes widened, but he didn't respond, not that he even could if he wanted to. "You'll remember none of this. If anyone from the diner asks about Sam and me, you saw us get into a car and leave. After that, you blacked out."

I commanded him to say all this as I reached down for his radio, unhooked it, then dropped it onto his chest, "Now, radio for your own goddamn ambulance" I added, before standing.

Admittedly, I felt a sick thrill of humor as I heard him behind my back try to radio for help with his shattered jaw.

Unfortunately, I had been so caught up in this exchange that I hadn't paid attention to Sam. When I turned, she was nowhere in sight.

I fought the instinctual panic I felt in the pit of my stomach. I was just overreacting. She was around here somewhere.

I didn't want the humans to hear me calling out to her, so I followed her rose scent to the edge of the nearby woods, but when her trail went cold, the panic threatened to take over.

Realizing she wasn't immediately around me, I pulled out my cellphone and tried calling her several times, but the call kept going to voicemail.

Sammy had been upset...frighteningly so. She needed me. I knew it, but I couldn't find her.

knew Just when the despair was about to take over, though, I felt a pull, tugging me deeper into the woods. I knew the feeling, although I couldn't tell exactly what it was. All I knew is that I felt Sam there, deeper in the woods.

With no other options, I followed tug deeper into the darkened forest, hoping I'd find my witch soon and ignoring the fact that we were very near where she had discovered her father's remains.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Thank God the mysterious internal pull I felt was right. Shortly after I began following the mystery tug, I found her sitting on a downed log in a clearing, head in her hands.





My relief was palpable in my tone. "Sammy, here you are. I was looking everywhere."

She raised her head to look at me, eyes puffy. When she didn't say anything, I sighed, walked over to the log, and squatted in front of her, "What's wrong, sweetheart."

She looked away, cheeks flushed. Why wouldn't she look at me. Sam was always so happy, full of smiles, but now she looked...

Well, I couldn't figure her emotions out, but I wanted to know. I needed to know what was making her feel like this.

I was watching her, with her shoulders slumped and gaze trailing off to the side when suddenly, out of the blue, I understood it. I felt it: the reason she'd been like this, the reason Carl's words had upset her so much.

felt Gently, I grabbed her hands, "Sam, was he your first..." I trailed off.

"I don't want to talk about it."

She was ashamed. I could feel that now, but Sammy had nothing to be ashamed of. "It's OK, Sam. We've all been with people who-"

Her eyes welled up with tears as her words came out rushed, "I was young and stupid, and I let him use me, Timmy. How could I have done that to myself? What was wrong with me?"

use I felt the rage at what the deputy had done threaten to take over, but I pushed it aside. Sammy needed me. Without a word, I wrapped her in hug, pulling her close and squeezing her for a moment before finally speaking, "It's OK, sweetheart, "I whispered into her hair, "What happened is done. No matter what happened, you're still you. You've got people who care about you, and you've got me. I love you, Sammy."

In response to my admission, she wrapped her arms around me and hugged back. I could still sense her unease at being back in Hunter, Tennessee coupled with her unfounded embarrassment, but I also sensed her relief.

Had she been worried I would judge her? Poor Sam.

I was so caught up in her emotion and the scent of roses that I almost didn't hear the approaching footsteps. I almost missed their attack, but I threw myself toward Sam in time and used my weight to topple us onto the other side of the log, which offered some cover from the knives thrown in our direction.

almost A female voice spoke, piercing the darkness, "How sweet. A vampire and a witch love each other. Too bad they're both going to die tonight."

I clutched Sam close.

Shi t. Fucking hunters.

Shi t.





Chapter 27: "Saint James Infirmary"


"Timmy, what?"

I held Sam down when she tried to sit up, shielding her with my body as the hunters threw another volley of knives in our direction.

I counted six of them. Six hunters. Unless Sam and I worked together, we were fucked. Hell, even if we worked together, we could still be fucked.

I felt Sam's confusion as I put my face next to hers and whispered into her ear, "Hunters. Six. Gotta fight. Do what I say." She nodded, eyes wide and fear evident in her gaze. I paused, listening over the sound of Sam's erratic heartbeat.

There they were, two hunters about three yards from the log, four more on either side of the clearing making their way quietly around. Two hunters on either side: they were fucking encircling us.

Teleportation. Sam could get us out of here. No, that tactic would take a tremendous amount of concentration, something she couldn't do with hunters trying to fucking kill us.

I could feel her fear, the mounting terror crawling its way into her brain. I worried she wouldn't even be able to summon her damned pink flames, let alone get herself to safety.

I had to try, though. With her like this, she wouldn't be any good in a fight. No, she needed to get away . I could buy her time to do it.

away I whispered my plan quietly, praying that she'd be able to hear me. "I'm gonna distract. Stay here, teleport to the car, get back to Knight Corp."

She shook her head, tears welling up. This wasn't the time for her to argue with me, "No arguing. Do it! " I said before finally pushing myself up, making myself an easy target as I stood and stepped across the log.

Do it! I ducked an expertly thrown knife and caught another one thrown from the darkness to my right by one of the four hunters trying to flank us. A final knife sailed past me and landed with a thunk in the log Sammy was hiding behind.

Thank God she was behind cover.

I lied easily while pulling out my trench knife and holding it tightly in my fist, "I don't think I've ever had the pleasure of meeting one of your kind in person."

The two hunters nearest me were male and female. They bore no resemblance to each other, yet they shared the same arrogant and deadly air. I couldn't see the other four, but I could feel their eyes on me.

Good. I had their attention.

"Well, I've met and killed many of your kind." The female replied. Based on her demeanor, I assumed she was the leader. Her dark hair reminded me of Meriwa, but her eyes held none of the vibrancy and kindness possessed by the only hunter I knew.

I feigned ease as I scanned for any movement from the two hunters I could see standing in front of me. I hoped I was buying Sam enough time to get out of here. "Well, I would say it's a pleasure to meet you, but seeing how you just tried to kill me, I don't think that's fucking appropriate."

The female hunter snarled, "Look 24B, it has a sense of humor." The other hunter snorted at his leader's words.

I turned to him, pointing my trench knife in the direction of the leader for emphasis as I spoke, "Look man, she ain't funny. You don't have to laugh just because she wears the pants in the relationship."

He scowled at me angrily while pulling a short sword from its holster at his waist. The leader put up a restraining hand, preventing the other one from attacking.

Why the fuck hadn't they tried to kill me yet? There was a reason for the delay.

I strained my ears, but I still heard no movement from the hunters in the woods. The hunters flanking us were either standing still or, heaven forbid, had moved without me detecting them. Behind me, I still smelled fucking roses and heard Sam's heartbeat. She was still here.



"I know what you're trying to do, vampire." The leader said.

I shrugged, ignoring her comment, "Why haven't you tried to kill me yet?"

The woman smiled at my question. Shit. She was up to something. "I was waiting for the right moment."

Shit. When she finished speaking, two of the four hunters from the woods to the left flew at me, weapons raised. One of the assailants held two short swords while the other clutched a device I'd never seen before. It looked like a cattle prod, complete with electrified spikes at the end.

Fuck . I ducked a swipe from the hunter with the swords and from my crouched position deftly ran my knife against his hamstring, effectively immobilizing him.

Fuck I didn't have time to revel in my victory, though, when the other hunter swung at me, and I narrowly avoided the electrified end of the black metal stick he held.

If these two were engaged with me, then that meant the other two were attacking...Sammy. I looked toward the log, momentarily distracted when I saw Sam, standing now, struggling to aim her concentrated magic at two female hunters who were stalking closer to her.

I wanted to shout, to yell for her, but I knew I would only distract her. She needed to take out the one on the left first. That one was the stronger of the two attackers. She-

My assailant, the one who was still standing, took advantage of my momentary distraction and swung his electrified weapon at me again. Only the tip of the tool brushed my shoulder, but it sent lancing pain through my body that was great enough to bring me to my knees.

Before he could get me again, I gritted my teeth and stood, delivering a sweeping kick that knocked his legs out from under him and bought me time. My other assailant was still on the ground thanks to the hamstring injury, but like a good soldier, he pulled himself up and flew at me.

Mercifully, his injury slowed him down, and I faced him then cleanly slid my knife across his neck, severing his carotid artery and fighting the ensuing bloodlust as gore squirted out of him.

He dropped to the ground in a heap, his death eliciting a hiss of anger from the other hunters, including the one with the cattle prod who had recovered enough to fly at me again. I sidestepped the guy's attack, and the assailant, not expecting my swift movement, sailed past me.

With his back to me momentarily, I grabbed his head from behind and twisted it to the right, hearing an audible snap as his neck broke. My second attacker now dead, I dropped his body to the ground unceremoniously and returned my attention to Sam, who was doing her best to deal with her two hunter attackers.

She was holding her own, but her energy was fading from using her magic and dodging their weapons. Why hadn't I taught her more about combat?

Why Suddenly, my attention was brought sharply to the leader and the other male hunter when a bolt of electricity shot through my body. I looked to see the male hunter angrily holding the latest abominable weapon against my kidneys, and I fell to my knees with a groan.

Hearing my noise of pain, Sam looked in my direction.

No... no!

No... no! As soon as her eyes were off the attackers, they seized the opportunity, one of them jabbing her with another electric prod and forcing a chilling scream from my witch as she dropped to the ground unconscious.

"Stop!" I yelled through my own pain induced confusion as I felt some sort of shackles affixed to my wrists while they shocked me, keeping me dazed and mitigating my ability to resist.



With my hands shackled behind my back and electricity coursing through my body, the leader kicked me forward. I fell onto my stomach, and the electrical shocking eased. But, I watched helplessly as Sam's two assailants walked cautiously toward her unconscious form, put restraints around her wrist and her neck, and dragged her toward the leader.

Enraged, I pulled against my shackles, yet as soon as I began to tug, a bolt of electricity shot through me again, this time from the shackles themselves and not the cattle prod. The pain was intense enough to cause my vision to blur and my judgment to cloud.

Furious and frustrated, I tried again and got the same debilitating results. At this rate, I would pass out.

I The leader looked at me smiling as I tried and failed several more times before panting from exhaustion and pain on the ground. When I ceased my struggle, the woman asked, "Are you quite through?"

"Fuck you!" I spat, eliciting a crippling jab from the cattle prod held by her subordinate.

Across from me, also on her stomach on the ground, was Sam. After a brief moment, her eyes opened as she regained consciousness, and she too struggled against her restraints. The scent of roses intensified as she energized her magic to resist, but as with me, the restraints shocked her, sending waves of agony across her face.

"Sam, don't-"

The leader smiled. "Yes, Samantha, don't resist. It will only end poorly for you."

Sam glared at the leader. I had never seen such terrifying rage from her, and I didn't doubt that if we weren't shackled, then Sam would kill the other woman, right then and there.

The woman ignored Sam's poisonous look. "Now, the two of you may be wondering why I haven't killed you yet. Well, the answer is that witches are rare. See, we were initially going to kill Samantha, but we fucked it up royally and ended up getting daddy dearest instead of her. It's what we get for trying to use those mongrels. Anyway-"

I cut the leader off with a growl and the subordinate jabbed me again. When my pain-induced writhing ceased, the leader continued, "But, we've changed plans. We're working on harnessing magic. Real magic, not that shit that normal humans do."

She turned so that she could address me directly, "The witch is a battery. We can plug her in and use her for centuries, siphon off her energy."

I snarled and was again jabbed, electric pain searing through my body. The leader rolled her eyes before continuing, "Now, as far as you go, vampire. We have no use for you. We know you work for that ridiculous vampire Order and that your people have deluded themselves into thinking that they're not monsters. It's our job to remind them what they are and eliminate them. We will wipe you and your kind off the face of the earth."

I opened my mouth to speak but was cut off by another searing wave of pain.

The leader sighed as she turned to Sam. "This is getting boring. Alright, Samantha, say goodbye to your friend."

The leader walked over to me and shoved a boot-clad foot into my back, pinning me. Her second in command handed her one of his short swords, and I felt the weapon pierce into my back. It was perfectly positioned to slip between my ribs and into my heart.

I looked at Sammy, flanked by the two female hunters. Tears fell down her cheeks as she struggled with physical effort as well as with magic against her restraints, doing her damnedest to ignore the pain.

We couldn't do anything. Goddammit, we couldn't do anything . But, at least they wanted Sam alive. If she stayed alive, then that meant she had a chance. She would kill these fuckers, and she would live.

anything "Sam, look at me, it's OK. You'll be OK." The leader held her weapon inches from my heart. I could feel it. The sensation was...odd. With a slight jab of the weapon, I would finally be dead after all this time. I'd miss Sam, but she would make it. I knew it.

What I didn't know was when the lead hunter would deal the killing blow, but I didn't want Sam to see.

"Listen, sweetheart, I love you. You need to keep fighting. I-" The hunter jabbed her weapon a little deeper, and I grimaced. She was toying with me. As long as I got to say goodbye to Sammy...

"Close your eyes, Sam." I said gently yet through clenched teeth.

"No..." Sam replied, trying to crawl toward me in spite of the pain. The two hunters on either side of her stopped her movement, and she cried freely.

"It's OK. I love-"

"Enough of this!" The leader yelled, and I felt her tighten her grip on her weapon through my body. I knew Sam would give them hell when she got the opportunity. I wasn't worried about that, but God, I hoped she didn't watch this next part. She'd already seen so much sorrow in her short life.





Chapter 28: "Overdose"


" No ." Sam said forcefully, eliciting another prod from one of the hunters, which she ignored.

No "Stop!" she yelled again, this time with supernatural strength, sounds reverberating unnaturally around us.

The hunters looked at her curiously, yet the leader still held the weapon in my back. Sam continued to try to use her magic. I could tell she struggled by the intensifying scent of roses, but the electrified restraints kept zapping her.

The electricity made her heartbeat grow irregular. "Sam..." I wanted to warn her to stop struggling. Otherwise, she would literally have a heart attack.

However, before I could say anything, she closed her eyes, and when she opened them, they definitely weren't normal Sammy eyes. They were white, solid white, almost as if she were possessed, but Sam still smelled like my Sam. She was Sammy but...not.

normal smelled Smiling, she looked up at the leader, unnaturally powerful voice sending chills down my spine, "You hunters think you understand what power is, what good and evil are? You don't know anything."

As she spoke, the shocking from the evil shackles continued continued, but Sammy seemed to totally ignore the agony. Whether she pushed aside the pain or didn't feel it, I'm still not sure.

I detected fear in the leader's voice as she replied with false bravado, "Oh, so the young witch now thinks she knows everything because she changed her voice and her eyes. Do you think you're intimidating? We've dealt with monsters far worse than you."

Sam smiled widely at that, a grin I hoped never to see on her face ever again. She addressed the leader, "You're afraid. Timmy knows you're afraid. Your people know you're afraid, but you don't really know your own fear, do you 20A? Fear is healthy. It's transformative. I think I'm gonna help you understand your own fear."

With her words, the odor of roses grew nearly unbearable as tendrils of pink energy shot from her, creating an aura of pink air around us.

" Fear." Sam whispered.

Fear." When she did, one of her captors, the stronger of the pair, inexplicably backed away from the other hunters and started screaming, a high-pitched and ear-piercing sound.

Slowly, she raised her weapon and pointed it at Sam's other captor, who appeared just as dumbfounded as the rest of us.

The confounded hunter was barely able to react when the other one, the one going crazy with terror, lunged at her, jabbing her short sword through the air.

The confused one dodged the attack, but her movement was sluggish, probably thanks to her shock. I heard the panic in the leader's voice as she commanded the captor who was attacking her compatriot to stop.

The commands, however, did no good, and the captor, who smelled of pure horror, expertly sliced her weapon through the air directly at the woman she had recently fought alongside.

This time, the hunter she was attacking wasn't fast enough to avoid the weapon, and her head separated from her body in one clean, fluid movement, landing beside Sammy with a heavy thunk.

Sam didn't react to the gory scene. Instead, she continued to smile at the leader with that unfathomably frightening grin.

I smelled terror on the other hunters as the crazed attacker turned her attention on the male hunter who was holding his electrified weapon against my back. The guy backed away, nearly tripping over himself in his eagerness to escape whatever madness was going on before him.

However, the attacking female hunter was skilled, and she flew at the male, driving her weapon expertly through his heart then pulling it back out. He fell to the ground, dead.

The entire time these bizarre attacks were occurring, the leader had been yelling for the attacker to cease, yet the commands were to no avail. Now, with only the crazed hunter and herself remaining, the leader cursed and pulled her weapon out of my back, getting ready to defend herself.

Both Sam and I were still restrained on the ground, and I watched as my witch observed this entire interaction, eyes still unnaturally white.

Terror driven adrenaline led the crazed hunter to put up a brilliant fight, but it was clear the leader was the stronger of the pair.

Nevertheless, the crazy one eventually gained the upper hand and pinned the leader on the ground, but somehow the leader managed to pull a dirk from somewhere on her person and drive it into the head of the crazed attacker, killing her instantly.

In a stupor, the leader stood, pushing the body of her crazed companion off her in the process. Angry and confused, she addressed Sammy with abject horror, "How did you-? What did you-?"

Sam smiled as she replied, "Silly hunter, I told you. I wanted you to know fear."

After a moment, Sam frowned before finally speaking, "But, I don't think you know it well enough yet. How about a little more? Fear ."

Fear She whispered it again, and when the words left her lips, the leader's gaze slackened then eyes widened in horror.

With a scream caused by some horrible scene of her own imagining, she held her dirk in front of her right eye. Involuntarily, I cringed as she drove it back and into her own brain, killing herself.

Unable to process what I'd just seen, I looked back at Sam.

When she made eye contact with me, her white-eyed gaze softened and her hideous smile turned to one of genuine love. Somehow, I felt my restraints loosen enough for me to pull them apart, and I rubbed my wrists absently as I crawled toward my witch, tramping down any feelings of uncertainty.

Whatever had just happened, she was still Sam. I could feel it. She was fucking terrifying, but she was Sam .

Sam The witch's eyes were growing heavy, and I sensed her exhaustion as I managed to make it to her and unclasp her restraints before she closed then slowly blinked her eyes open.

Thank God her eyes were normal now. "I...what..."She started to look around, but I didn't want her to see the carnage she had caused.

Instead, I squeezed her close. "Don't look." I commanded, using my power on her for the first time since we met. I was shocked to find my abilities worked on her worked, and I felt my orders take hold, dictating her actions. Sam wasn't able to resist my order, not that she really wanted to.

Sammy listened to my command and buried her face, hiding herself in my blood-soaked shirt. "Did I do that?"

I hesitated to respond. I could command her to forget. I knew my abilities worked on my witch now, so I could do it, make her forget this entire horrific mess. Hell, I could make her forget everything: forget Carl, forget finding her father's body....forget me.

But, I couldn't do that, not to my Sam. No, I wouldn't do anything like that unless she asked me to.

I nodded against her head, kissing her curls before adding, "Don't think about it right now, sweetheart."

She clung to me as she spoke, "I didn't mean to. I just...I love you and they were going to...I-"

"It's OK, Sam," I picked her up then, holding her small form against me, "We need to get out of here. There will be more."

She nodded, clinging to me for dear life. Thanks to Sam, we were alive, but something pivotal had just happened, and I had no fucking clue exactly what it was.

Honestly, the only revelation I took away from that evening was that Sam, like me, was a monster, but she was one that I was willing to die for.





Chapter 29: "Deep Water"


It had been a week since Sam had destroyed the hunters in the woods. I could tell my witch felt guilty and confused about what she had done. However, I knew the bastards deserved what they had gotten. Sam was just too kindhearted to understand that fact.

Honestly, despite my slight apprehension at the level of power my seemingly inept Sam held, I was proud of her and the so-called monstrosity she had become.

At first, after Sam had somehow destroyed the minds of the hunters and had them obliterate themselves, I was worried the enemy would somehow retaliate for what had happened. When we made it back to New Orleans, however, I breathed a sigh of relief. 	New Orleans was full of supernaturals, and the hunters had yet to make their move into the core of our territory for fear of sparking all out war. Even if they knew that Sam was the one that had caused that carnage in the woods and tracked us both back to our home, there was nothing they could fucking do to get her.

I was still a little worried, though, both about the hunters and about Sam's handling of what happened, so I wanted to spend nearly all of my time with the witch to take her mind off her concerns. Unfortunately, I couldn't. It was time for me to return to work at Knight Corp.

The day of my return approached quickly, and not wanting to leave Sammy alone, I did the only logical thing: I took Sam with me to work at Knight Corp.

Sure, it might have been a stupid idea. Sure, my people were staring at us as my witch followed me into the training facility of my employer. Sam was clad in her usual dress and heels and looked comically out of place next to me in my training sweats.

Sure, I was also kind of freaking out about the fact that Meriwa Short and Carbry Alesky were, rather unexpectedly, on their way here, and I had no idea how either of them would react to Sam's...eccentricities.

These worries didn't matter. Sam was thrilled to be with me, and for the first time since the incident with the hunters in the woods, I felt her happiness. My old Sammy was coming back, and I smiled a little as she looked around the gym in wonder.

All around us, vampires training to hunt rogue supernaturals sparred, creating a cacophony of battle sounds that I was sure were foreign to Sammy. Some people paused when they noticed our presence, stopping their training to nod respectfully in my direction while trying to disguise their curious looks at Sam.

"Timmy?" Sam whispered. Why the hell was she whispering? "Is this what you do for work ?"

Why the hell was she whispering? work I whispered back, leaning in close enough that I could kiss her head if I wanted to, "Training people is only part of what I do."

She smiled at me with pride in her gaze, "That's neat!"

I opened my mouth to tell her that it wasn't exactly "neat," but I didn't get the chance to respond because Sam's eyes glazed over, and that far away look dominated her features. "Oh, they're here" she said.

Who the hell was here? A second later, I got my answer when the unmistakable form of the Lead Councilman of the American Order entered the gym flanked by the lithe figure of the human hunter turned vampire ally, Meriwa Short.

Who the hell was here? Alesky made eye contact with me, and I nodded in response as he and Meri came over to join Sam and myself as we stood beside one of the sparring areas.

"Timothy," Alesky greeted me when they reached our side, "I'm happy to see you're well."

Meri cut in, giving Alesky a knowing glance before turning to me, "What he means, Tim, is that he's thankful you didn't fucking die."

I smiled faintly at my former trainee, "I'm glad you're alive, too, both of you."

Feeling left out, Sammy piped in from my side, "Oh, you must be friends of Timmy's."



Immediately, she walked up to Alesky and extended her hand. Curiously, the vampire returned the shake. Sam grinned then continued speaking, "The Loa told me about you. You're the really old one."

Meriwa snorted, and, for the first time since I'd known him, Alesky looked surprised.

Meri spoke to my witch, "You're not wrong. That's Carbry. Sorry he's being a dick. He doesn't do well with surprises, and that Loa bit of your speech was surprising as fuck. You must be Samantha. I'm Meriwa, by the way."

I held my breath. This was the meeting I was most unsure about. Sam could be a lot to take and so could Meriwa. I didn't think the hunter would be mean per se. The women were just diametrically opposed, and I wasn't sure how they would get along. I honestly had no idea how this would go, and I fought to keep my tension from showing in my shoulders.

This "M-a-r-y. Got it. Sometimes I gotta spell out names so that I remember them." Sam was damn adorable, but would Meri perceive that as too weak? I didn't know.

Meri smiled and tilted her head, hair falling to the side in the process. It was then that I noticed how much Meri had changed in the year since she'd left Knight Corp.

Physically, she had dyed her hair auburn and shaved part of her head, which somehow made her look even deadlier than before.

But, it wasn't the change in appearance that gave her a different aura. No. I could tell that she and Alesky had finally gotten over whatever hangups they had and admitted to themselves that they were better off being romantically involved.

They even smelled like each other now. I wondered if Meri knew that she smelled like Alesky. She'd probably be mortified, thinking that people knowing about them somehow made her weak. Meri hated seeming weak, and I knew her well enough to tell she'd think caring for someone else was a vulnerability she wouldn't want enemies to know about.

Meri finally spoke to my witch, "Oh, no, not M-a-r-y."

Sam frowned, confused now. "So, it's M-e-r-r-y? Like an elf?"

Now Alesky snorted. I'd only rarely heard him make sounds of amusement, "Mer? Jolly?-"

The hunter shot him a withering look, "Keep it up, asshole, and you'll be sleeping on the couch. Well, you'll be relegated to the couch while I sleep like a fucking normal person."

For a very brief moment, I detected a flash of genuine concern on Alesky's face before he expertly masked the look as he closed his mouth, presumably to keep from saying another word.

Meri turned her attention back to Sam. "It's M-e-r-i, short for 'Meriwa'."

"Oh, what a beautiful name! I've never heard that before."

Meri stared at Sam for a moment, sizing her up as she took in Sam's pink dress and matching heels. "Are you a fan of pink, witch?"

Sam grinned brilliantly and snapped her fingers, summoning an even pink flame comprised of her magic.

Meri's mouth opened in amazement before she blurted out, "Ok, you're fucking awesome. Come with me."

Before I could say anything else, Sam giggled as Meri grabbed her arm and led her towards the targets along the far wall. Hang on, why had Sam let Meri get away with so much cursing? If it had been me, I would have been called out several "fucks" ago.

Hang on, why had Sam let Meri get away with so much cursing? Alesky and I stood next to each other, both perplexed as we watched the two women a few yards away. Meri pulled out her kunai knives and began throwing them expertly into the targets, eliciting a round of applause from Sam.



"What is happening?" I asked my boss.

Alesky crossed his arms before responding, "I think they're...bonding." He smiled fondly at Meri as she showed off for Sam. Judging by the stares he kept giving her and the surreptitious looks Meri cast his way when he wasn't paying attention, they were in deep with each other.

"So you and the hunter, huh?" I prodded, saying what was on my mind.

He didn't respond to my question but turned to me and smirked, "So you and the witch, huh?"

I looked down and rubbed my head in discomfort, "Yeah, well, it's complicated."

Alesky let out a tired breath, "What isn't complicated with us freaks of nature?"

"Speak for yourself." Realizing who I was speaking to, I quickly added, "Sir."

I missed his subsequent murderous look because I was distracted by Meri handing one of her knives to Sam and gesturing for her to try.

"Human, don't give Sam-"

Too late. Before I could finish my thought, Sam raised her hand and released the knife, somehow throwing it backward instead of forward toward the targets."

The knife sailed through the air, coming to rest in the shoulder of some poor vampire using a punching back in the back right corner of the gymnasium.

I sighed and shook my head. At least the poor vampire would heal quickly.

I looked to my side and noticed Alesky holding back laughter, and I fought my irritation. Ok, Sam wasn't that funny. Was she?

that Wait, shit . I smelled roses. Knowing something was up, I whipped my head around in time to watch Sammy accidentally obliterate a target with her pink magic.

Wait, shit I couldn't fucking take Sam anywhere anymore. "Sammy! You-"

I took a step toward her, about admonish her for destroying Knight Corp's shit when Alesky spoke up, "It's fine, Timothy. Let your witch be. She's having fun."

He was right, of course. Sammy was having fun, laughing with Meri, who was genuinely impressed by Sam's skill.

When Alesky next spoke, his tone was darker, "I am concerned about the hunter presence, Timothy. I read your report. I-"

He was interrupted by Meri waving and gesturing for him to join her and Sam. Determined to finish his thought, he nodded in acknowledgment of the hunter but continued to speak to me, "I'm happy both you and the witch are alright. The hunters have been-"

Meri was impatient now, arms crossed in front of her chest. When Alesky didn't immediately follow her orders and go to her, she called out, "Carbry Alesky, Get your sweet ass over here."

Her gesturing hadn't shut him up, but her words worked magic. You could have heard a pin drop in the ensuing quiet as Alesky stalked over to the woman.

I bit back my laughter. If the guy could be blushing, then he would be.

I couldn't hear what they were saying over the sounds of combat, which quickly picked up as the vampires realized they were staring at our leader and respectfully resumed their combat.

The hunter and the Lead Councilman exchanged a few words with Meri gesturing excitedly and Sammy nodding along beside her. Carbry said something in reply, and Meri scowled at him and said something else. In response, he simply shrugged and walked back over to me, expression unreadable.

When he reached my side, he finally spoke, "Apparently, we're having a sleepover at my place."

I choked on my surprise, and it took me a second to recover before I could ask, "She asked if they could have a sleepover?"

He smiled faintly, "Meri doesn't ask for anything. She said, 'Hey we're having a sleepover on Friday.' When I voiced that it might not be proper considering we need to devise a plan to intensify our anti-hunter efforts in addition to the fact that you're an employee of Knight Corp, she called me an asshole and told me 'tough titties'."

He smiled ruefully before continuing, "Needless to say, you and Sammy are coming over on Friday."

We stood in silence for a moment as we watched Meri try to teach Sam how to throw a knife without the witch accidentally stabbing another vampire.

Sam giggled throughout the training session, but she finally managed to hit the center of one of the surviving targets. Following this success, Meri clapped Sam on the back.

"This is going to be fucking weird, isn't it?" I asked.

"Indeed it is." My boss replied.

Great . Fucking great.

Great





Chapter 30: "You've Got a Friend in Me"


We arrived at Alesky's penthouse apartment at the top of Knight Corp after I finished work that Friday. I'd spent the day trying to get back into the swing of training, and I was ready to have the weekend off. Unfortunately, I was roped into this little "sleepover" endeavor by my witch, so here I was, about to spend my free evening with my boss.

Well, technically it was early morning on Saturday, not evening, but both humans had long ago adjusted to the erratic nature of vampire hours. Sam and Meri were good at adapting.

Sammy was practically bouncing with excitement as she rang the doorbell. Part of me hoped neither Meri nor Alesky would answer, but the other part, the Sammy loving part, was just happy to see her so excited.

Meri opened the door and greeted Sam with a hug. "You came!" she exclaimed. As I watched her embracing my witch, I was struck by how out of character Meri seemed. For whatever reason, she and Sam had really hit it off.

"Hi Tim." Meri added while absently grabbing Sam's hand and leading her inside, leaving me standing in the hallway, holding a basket of fruit.

I'd told Sammy it didn't make sense to take fruit to the party considering fifty percent of the attendees of this little event didn't eat human food, but Sammy had insisted.

From a side room, Alesky walked to the open doorway and greeted me with a look hinting of amusement. Noticing the basket I grasped awkwardly, he spoke, "How beautiful. You shouldn't have, Timothy."

I scowled. "It was Sammy's idea."

Alesky stepped aside, gesturing for me to enter as he did. "Your witch seems sweet."

"She's perfect." I replied absently while taking in my surroundings and handing Alesky the basket.

God, my boss' place was exactly as I imagined it: museum-like with a hint of douchiness.

From down the hall, I heard the women chatting. "They're in the kitchen." Alesky explained.

They were already chatting like they'd known each other for years. I just didn't understand it. "This is weird, right?" I asked, detecting my own uncertainty in my voice.

Carby shrugged as he replied, "Meri didn't exactly have a childhood. I think her background might explain this unusual...eagerness for friendship."

I sighed. He was probably right, and I suspected Sam felt the same. Both Meri and Sam laughed from the kitchen.

Alesky smiled at the sound. The grin was barely noticeable, but it was there. He was amused. He spoke, "As long as they're happy, that's all that matters, right?"

I nodded, and my boss proceeded to lead me down the hall. On our way, I passed two closed door and one open one which led to the room Alesky had emerged from.

I ventured a peek inside as we passed and observed a dark bedroom with a giant oak bed. The bedclothes were rumpled, and clothing was strewn haphazardly about the space.

Catching me snooping, Alesky reached past me and shut the door.

Was he...embarrassed? Oh. T hat's what my protege had been doing with my boss before we arrived. I mean, I knew things had changed between the two of them, but his eagerness to hide their romance drove that point home. Meri and my boss, the vampire nearly five times my age were...lovers.

T hat's For a moment, I felt a twinge of concern. This could be quite problematic.

I liked Meri more than I cared to admit, and if my boss fucked this up, I'd be royally pissed off. However, I was sure my protective nature was getting the better of me.

Alesky really could come across as a dick, but I knew that deep down he was a good guy. And, from the interactions between he and Meri that I'd observed thus far, he genuinely cared for the hunter.

Hell, he even almost killed me when she nearly died while on my mission.

Nevertheless, all my rationalization didn't change the fact that if he hurt Meri, then I'd probably regret my reaction...

When we reached the kitchen which adjoined a massive living room, I was distracted by the unobstructed view of the New Orleans skyline offered by the floor to ceiling windows.

Realizing I hadn't heard Sammy chatting for a second, I turned toward the kitchen to see what she was up to, balking when I discovered the tray Meri was pulling out of the fridge to set on the counter.

"Are those-?" I started to ask.

"Jello shots!" Meriwa finished.

Oh no... "Wait a minute, Sam. I don't think-"

Oh no... Hearing a clink beside me on the counter, I turned to see Alesky setting down the basket of fruit along with a mysteriously procured bottle of vodka on the counter as he plopped onto a bar stool.

Noticing my gaze, he apologized. "I tried to tell her not to be a bad influence, Tim."

"I am not a bad influence, King Vampire."

am not "Yeah, Meri's not a bad influence, Timmy." Sam added helpfully.

The human hunter smiled at me, "See, told you. Not a bad influence. Now, Sam, what flavor do you want?"

"Sammy, don't just-"

"Blue!"

"Blue it is. Here you go."

"Blue isn't a flavor, guys." Carbry whispered before uncorking the bottle of vodka before him and taking a gulp directly from the bottle.

Sam and Meri took their shots with Sam making a face of disgust as she downed the Jello and vodka concoction. Shot finished, she lowered her plastic container as she spoke, "So, what are we gonna do, Meri?"

Before Meri had a chance to reply, Alesky responded. " Games ," he said, derision palpable in his tone. He proceeded to take another huge gulp of vodka while the women each took another shot.

Games Catching me watching, Alesky held the bottle out for me. "Care for some, Timothy?"

Behind me, I heard Sammy drop a Jello shot which spattered spectacularly on the floor.

"Oops!"

"You're adorable, Sam! We're going to have a blast!"

Carbry sighed at the scene before adding, "I think you're gonna need it."

With my own exhalation of frustration, I grabbed the bottle from him and took a swig. Cheers to a fun sleepover.





Chapter 31: "Tove Love"


After several more shots, it was time for the first game: Pictionary. Personally, I was only tipsy, not really drunk, but as I watched everyone make their way to the table, I realized that I couldn't speak for the other attendees of this sleepover. Even my boss stumbled slightly on his way to the table.

Was I really going to be the only one who didn't get hammered tonight?

Was I really going to be the only one who didn't get hammered tonight? Meri was pulling the game parts out of a box, and with a resigned sigh, I moved to sit next to Sam.

"Not there!" Meri fussed.

"Why not?"

"You're on Carbry's team, Timmy." Sammy clarified.

Carbry smiled and patted the seat next to him, "Welcome to the team, Timothy."

I rolled my eyes. Why was I on the dick's team?

Why was I on the dick's team? I obliged and moved over next to Alesky as Meri finally got the easels set up. "The name of the game is Pictionary," she said, "Your teammate draws a picture, and you have to guess what the word or phrase is before the time runs out. The team to do this the fastest gets the points. No words, no gestures. Got it?"

Sammy nodded seriously. Man, she was really getting into this, wasn't she?

Meri continued, "Ok, me and Car are gonna draw first. You guys guess."

Alesky stood and squared his shoulders while gripping a marker seriously in his right hand. Meri grabbed the first card with a determined look in her eye and showed Alesky the item they both had to draw.

He nodded, and she flipped the card back over and grabbed the timer. "Ready...go!" She flipped the timer over and began drawing.

I watched Alesky as he drew an oblong circle with sticks coming out of the bottom. What the hell was that supposed to be?

What the hell was that supposed to be? Shockingly, I heard Sammy across from me blurt out, "Dodo bird!"

"That's right, Sam! You got it." I looked at Meri's drawing. Hers was definitely better than Carbry's work of art.

I balked as I returned my gaze to Carbry's monstrosity, "How is that a dodo, Alesky?"

Meri looked at me, "Oh, great. Watch what you say, Tim. He won't shut up..."

I frowned, ignoring the human, "I mean, have you even seen one?"

"Oh no." Meri sighed.

An intoxicated Alesky replied, "Have I seen a dodo? Listen here, young vampire, I hunted dodo before they went extinct. I believe my most memorable hunt was around 1500 something. I was in..."

hunted Meri shook her head, "And there he goes. This is why you don't ask him questions like that, Tim."

How was I to know he'd launch into a personal analysis of the history of the dodo bird? God, this was a fucking weird sleepover. Sammy watched rapt nodding along as the ancient vampire talk about dodos while Meri grew visibly irritated.

How was I to know he'd launch into a personal analysis of the history of the dodo bird? Eventually, Alesky ended his story when Meri told him to shut the fuck up about goddamn dodo birds, and we continued the game.

As far as the rest of the game went, I was ashamed to admit that I actually had...fun. Surprisingly, I had a good time, even thought the women beat us handily at Pictionary.

Over the course of our playing, the drinking had continued, and by the end of the game, everyone was smashed, except for me, of course. I realized rather quickly that I'd have to be the responsible one tonight.



With the game over, Alesky suddenly stood, forgetting his supernatural speed and startling even me as he pushed his chair back with a heavy thunk. "The humans need food!"

Meri rolled her eyes, "We're fine, King Vampire."

"No, no. You need food." He turned to the kitchen, "I will make cookies."

"Cookies?" Sam's interest was piqued.

"Yes, witch, chocolate chip cookies."

"Oooh!" she stood and followed him into the kitchen where Alesky proceeded to pull out the ingredients to make cookies, humming as he grabbed a giant mixing bowl from a cabinet.

God, this was so weird.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Several hours and many cookies later, Sam was fast asleep next to me on the couch as daylight streamed through the windows. It was almost evening on Saturday, and both Sam and Meri had passed out while we watched some movie about unrequited love that blossomed into a genuine romance.

If Alesky could have passed out, he would have, but considering we vampires don't sleep, he simply closed his eyes as he sat with Meri in the adjacent love seat. About halfway through the movie, Meri had sprawled out across him, effectively immobilizing him anyway.

When the credits for whatever movie we had been watching started rolling, Alesky finally spoke, "You take your human to bed, and I'll take mine? You're welcome to my guest room."

I looked at my boss. He appeared to be sobering up already. Damn our vampyric ability to process alcohol. I kind of liked Alesky when he was drunk. He gently moved Meri off of him, speaking quietly so that he wouldn't wake her, "Grab your witch and follow me, Timothy. I'll show you to the room."

I picked up Sam and silently followed Alesky down the hall to the guest room where I laid her gently on the bed. She hadn't drunk enough water. Man, she was going to be hungover tomorrow. I wonder if she knew some sort of magical hangover cure.

"If you need anything, come find me, Timothy," he paused a moment, thinking before finally adding, "Please...don't tell anyone about tonight."

So, he hadn't been so intoxicated that he couldn't remember our sleepover together. I smiled before winking as I blurted out, "It'll be our little secret, King Vampire."

He scowled, delivering a look that would have put me on edge before tonight. However, watching my drunken boss singing while making chocolate chip cookies for two human women really had changed my opinion about him.

Seeing that his glare had no affect on me, he sighed, and his expression returned to normal before he said, "Sweet dreams, Timmy."

Now I frowned. Only Sam got to call me Timmy. I heard him chuckling as he quietly shut the door.

With the door closed and no chance he would see my reaction, I grinned a little. Tonight had been a nice respite from the drama in our lives, but it didn't change the fact that we'd have to do something about the hunters.

Our world was growing more dangerous, and now Sammy was caught up in that danger. She was one of ours now, and with that revelation came the additional realization that being by my side would endanger her.

But, at least now I knew that Sam could, with the proper training, hold her own against the hunters, and got the feeling that Meri and Car would help me.

Alesky was right. We had all bonded, which was fucking weird, but at least I knew now that whatever Sam and I would face in the future, we wouldn't face it alone. I got the sense that this unexpected friendship was a powerful thing.

had As I mused, Sam rolled over and cracked open her eyes to regard me with a drunken look. "I'm gonna have a headache tomorrow."

I smiled a little at her self-awareness. "Yeah you are, sweetheart."

She grinned, red curls covering half her face and bringing out the red flush in her freckled cheeks. "It was worth it. Will you come lay down with me, Timmy?"

I obliged. I couldn't deny my witch.





Epilogue


~3 Months Later~

I smiled as Samantha nestled closer, stirring just enough to tell me she'd soon be awaking. Her nose wrinkled in displeasure when she rolled over and was greeted by the bright sunlight streaming through the windows, and even her soft exhalation of frustration was sweet and made my heart ache. I loved her. Whether or not she wanted to be with me sexually we were... together , bonded in a way that frightened me deeply simply because it was new and all-consuming.

together I'd had a few conversations with Mr. Alesky about it. The man didn't always seem like the kind of guy you could go to with your problems, but then again, I didn't come off as an amicable fellow either. Just because Carbry didn't seem to care, it didn't mean he was genuinely apathetic. In fact, he was a good listener. And he was older than me, a lot older than me. Which meant he had a lot more experience with relationships like the one I suspected Sam and I had. Yeah, he was surprisingly wise, despite his veneer of assholery.

Beside me, the woman yawned and stretched, distracting me from my thoughts and drawing me to look at her as she blinked open her eyes to regard me with a bleary look that told me she was still half asleep.

In response to her achingly disarmed and contented smirk, I smiled. "Morning, Sammy."

Her brilliant and bright grin caused my undead heart to beat a little faster. "Mornin', Timmy."

When she sat up and started rubbing her eyes, I couldn't resist pulling her into my arms and kissing her head, causing her to sigh happily and rest her head on my shoulder. Our relationship had progressed to this, to cuddling and chaste kisses that were sweet and deeply gratifying, but Sam had never given me any indication she wanted anything more than our current level of intimacy.

That was fine, of course. I'd encountered many types of people in my long life, and some people just didn't want sexual intimacy. Even before the term 'asexual' was developed, people like Sam existed, people who just weren't interested in sexual activity. And I would always support and worship my witch and honor her boundaries.

But that didn't make it any easier for me. It wasn't that I didn't want to abide by her wishes. Of course I wanted to adhere to Sammy's desires, and I'd never begrudge Sam for not being interested in sex with me. I cherished her our relationship exactly as it was. However, my emotions and love for my witch didn't negate the fact that someone like me had certain...needs that had to be met. And for some reason I felt guilty even just thinking about turning to someone else to meet those needs. I was Samantha's and she was mine, and somehow the thought of jeopardizing or complicating our relationship by seeking intimacy with others was just too much for me to contemplate.

Scratch that. I didn't want intimacy with 'others.' I wanted sexual intimacy with one particular other, one woman I'd only met a handful of times but who'd driven me mad over the course over our few encounters. Suddenly, Sam giggled quietly, distracting me from my thoughts again as she pulled back and kissed my cheek.

"You've got your worrying face, Timmy."

I tried my best not to frown. "Do I?"

She nodded seriously, red curls swinging with the movement before she settled back into my embrace and spoke. "Yep. You're worried about her again, right? Cause you haven't found her?"

her I shrugged, doing my best to hide my disappointment from my witch. She was right. I was upset, but I didn't like for Sam to see me upset because that might make her sad. "I haven't really been trying hard enough, I don't think. I haven't even gone to her shop or anything since she gave me my last tattoos."

"And you guys had sex, then, right? And you want it again?"

A few months ago, Sam's words would have made me choke in embarrassment because for some reason only Samantha had the ability to make me feel embarrassed. Instead, I sighed before confiding, "Maybe...I-I think I miss her, Sam. But I feel like if she wanted anything to do with me, she would have already tried to get in touch with me. I just don't think she liked me as much as I did her."



Following my words, Samantha turned in my arms so that she could give me a serious look. "Of course Olivia likes you, Timmy. You're amazing and strong and loving and handsome." Her words drew a small smile to my lips, and Sam gave them a quick kiss before hugging me and burying her face in my neck then breathing in my scent. "You should start trying to find her, Timmy. Start really trying. Because Olivia can do things for you that I can't do."

really Sam's words loosened something in me, and I found myself involuntarily squeezing her closer as I swiftly grew worried that my witch was unsettled about something. "Ah, Sammy. You're more than enough for me."

She laughed softly, waving her hand dismissively as she said, "I know that, silly. But, like, sex and stuff. I can't, and I just...well, I want you to be happy. Olivia makes you happy, and I'd love to meet her. She sounds like she'd be so nice and beautiful!"

On some level, I knew this conversation was weird. Sam and I were...whatever we were: a witch and her familiar; a vampire and his mate; a man with some very particular kinks and a woman who was so sweet and pure and innocent that she literally blushed when she saw a poster for a romantic comedy that was too sexy. We were essentially talking about how Sam thought I should go out and track down another woman with whom I might want to have a pretty intense sexual relationship.

"Hon, I'd never do that to you."

She frowned deeply then, and I found myself wondering about what I'd said to cause that scowl on her perfect face. "Do what? Be happy? That's all I want for you, and I bet Olivia is gorgeous and will love you just as much as I do. That's why you should really try to find her. Oh! I know. I can help. You should start by going to her tattoo place and asking. Ah, and I can go to some of those clubs you like, the ones where people wear leather and-"

I silenced her with a kiss to the tip of her nose then a grin of my own. "How about we talk about Olivia over breakfast, sweetheart?"

At the mention of breakfast, Sam's eyes lit up and, conversation about how I was pining for another woman momentarily forgotten, Samantha crawled out of bed quickly enough that I found myself lamenting the lack of her warmth next to me. I'd grown to adore my morning cuddling with Sam.

"We should go somewhere!" She declared while walking to my closet where she'd taken to storing her clothing because it 'smelled like me' when she hung it in there. "I don't wanna cook and you can't cook. So where are we going? If we go to that one place on Royal Street, then I need to wear the yellow dress because-"

Sam's words grew muffled as she waded deeper into my closet, and I smiled and leaned back against the headboard and laced my fingers behind my head. She came back out of the closet holding a yellow dress and looking at it seriously, sticking out her bottom lip thanks to the intensity of her concentration on her outfit. After a moment of deep staring, she nodded and placed the dress on the bed then smoothed out the fabric. I watched her, rapt as she tucked her hair behind her ears and rubbed a little sleep from her eyes before she finally turned to look at me. The light from the window lit her features perfectly, bringing a smile to my lips as I contemplated kissing the smattering of freckles across the bridge of her nose.

"Well..."

Samantha's words caused me to shake my head dazedly. "Well, what?" I smiled then, unlacing my fingers from behind my head and sitting up straighter.

In response to my question and the very obvious fact that I hadn't been paying attention because I'd been staring at her, Samantha rolled her eyes, smiling faintly as she said, "I asked what you were gonna wear."

"Oh." I shrugged, "Probably just a t-shirt and jeans, I guess?"

She looked at me in shock for a moment before shaking her head vigorously. "No. That won't work. It won't work at all for that place on Royal Street. I've gotta pick out your outfit, okay?"



I smiled as I found myself nodding. "Okay, but not-" The woman was already muttering to herself and wandering back into my closet, completely ignoring whatever I'd been about to say. I chuckled low in amusement as I watched her disappear into the space.

Yeah. Our relationship was...complicated. But no matter what Sammy would always be my Sammy, and I'd always be her Timmy.

We were mates, after all.

«────── « ⋅ʚ♡ɞ⋅ » ──────»





