Introduction


Title: Charlie and Dia

Copyright by: Aamenah456

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/202214075-charlie-and-dia

Synopsis: *Watty Awards Winner 2020 - Romance* Few words can describe Charlie Jackson. He commutes on the train, enjoys his job at a local publishing firm and enjoys the simplicity of a coffee that aids his morning fatigue. But Charlie's life isn't as simple as it seems. Hindered by his stammer and the anxiety that occurs as a result, Charlie has become accustomed to letting others use their voices for him. But when a compulsive chatterbox joins his daily commute, naturally, he is bewitched. The woman's eagerness to surpass boundaries and the usual stiff-upper-lip mesmerises him, and he feels compelled to get to know her and use his voice. Only his chance hasn't arrived just yet. Dia has long term amnesia. After a dreadful accident thirteen months ago, she awoke from a coma with only her name to go by. Lost without her memories, she is forced to begin her life anew, and begins her journey by living in the present. When Dia strolls into work one day, and Charlie recognises her from his daily commute, it seems that the universe has it's own plans. But the journey to love isn't so smooth sailing when Dia's own battles come to light. Can Charlie fight his demons to support Dia in facing hers, or will his anxiety take over before he can even attempt to be more than the stranger on the train? Cover by @TimmyTee *Part of the I am Strong Project* 1st place in the Firework Awards [New Adult]





Charlie and Dia


Introduction

Chapters An Author's note:

Chapter 1.

Chapter 2.

Chapter 3.

Chapter 4.

Chapter 5.

Chapter 6.

Chapter 7

Chapter 8.

Chapter 9.

Chapter 10.

Chapter 11.

Chapter 12.

Chapter 13.

Chapter 14.

Chapter 15.

Chapter 16.

Chapter 17.

Chapter 18.

Chapter 19.

Chapter 20.

Chapter 21.

Chapter 22.

Chapter 23.

Chapter 24.

Chapter 25.

Chapter 26.

Final Author's Note

What's Next!





An Author's note:


Hi, my lovelies.

I am delighted to finally be able to introduce to you, Charlie and Dia. I have been working on this project for a few months now and I really have become attached, so I hope you all will too!

This is really just a disclaimer to say that despite the research I have committed to support my writing, I am not an expert in memory loss and stammering. Although I have studied these topics, and I hope my characters offer a true representation, my work is a reflection of my creativity and scientific fact. So if there are inaccuracies, I can only sincerely apologise and will make corrections if anything is brought to my attention.

The story also involves an exploration of mental health and covers some dark topics; I have attached websites and helplines, to relevant chapters, but if this is a potential trigger, I wanted to warn in advance.

I really do hope you enjoy this story, and please vote and comment on your thoughts!





Thank you so much!

Love, Aamenah <3

Cast:

These are just some character boards I had for inspiration. Though the cast fits my descriptions, I never actually imagined them as my characters, but thought to go ahead with this as I know some of you prefer a face to the name, so to speak :)

Cast:

Charlie



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Dia



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Jasper



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Rebecca



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Melissa



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Copyright Notice:

All rights reserved by @aamenah456, or any name this author chooses to go by. No part of this book may be produced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including and not limited to; electrical, manual (such as photocopying), recording, or stored in any form or by any means in part or whole, without expressed consent by the identified author. Any infringement of copyrighted material is punishable by law.

Copyright Notice:

Disclaimer: All photos and songs used and mentioned in this book, are not the property of @aamenah456 and all credits will be given to all artists named, and where it is due.

Disclaimer:





Chapter 1.


British people aren't really made for talking on public transport. Most chose to either read their books or newspapers. Of course, you have the workers, creases appearing on their foreheads as they ferociously tap on their keyboards. The university students that retained haggard appearances from late drunken nights. Those were memories Charlie was all too happy to forget. And the man pushing the trolley who was polite enough to always smile, despite the grim expressions most bared. But that was as far as most communication went, and it is fair to say that most prefer to keep to themselves. It is just an unwritten law.

The woman seated in front of Charlie, however, broke this law daily. Dressed in her red coat and a bright smile on her face, she spoke animatedly to the elderly stranger sat next to her. Charlie knew it was a stranger as the woman would talk to anyone and everyone. Entering the train, she would take a seat in the second carriage and place her bag on her lap, inviting others to join her. And whoever the lucky person was, would have the joy of speaking to the woman for 25 minutes, non-stop. Charlie could hear her from his assigned seat that he booked every morning for his routine commute.

Charlie had never been lucky enough to strike a conversation with her, it seemed that she was particular where she sat. Always in the fifth row. Even if there were seats unavailable in that row but available elsewhere, she would choose to stand in between. It was strange, but the girl must have had her reasons, and it was part of how she caught his attention. Charlie liked to sit in the sixth row as it was the centre of the carriage. He had asked himself, why didn't he just book a seat in one of her rows to be in with a chance but he hadn't dared to do so.

Instead, he preferred to listen to her speak amicably to the strangers she chose to converse with.

Charlie had to admit, he disliked it at first. The constant noise was an earache and he envied that despite the climate, or whether she looked tired, she was full of life. The conversations varied from day to day but remained limited to her current self, never falling onto her past. On the fourth day, when he put away his paper in defeat and paid attention, he realised that this woman had a lot to say and what she said was relevant. Maybe not to the world but to him, it mattered.

Last week's conversation partner was covered in tattoos and piercings. A green mohawk was his chosen hairstyle. Charlie was not one to judge, but she spoke to him harmoniously, despite how odd their pairing. The topic, even more surprisingly, was knitting. Deep down, Charlie knew his incredulity was fuelled by jealousy. Her confidence stirred a fit of envy within him that he had never experienced before. But as Charlie observed, the negative emotions transformed into admiration, begging him to ask the question why hadn't she noticed him? He was only sat one row behind.

why hadn't she noticed him? There were, of course, the people that didn't want to talk to her. The ones that would prefer she didn't say anything, and she would respect that and turn to someone on the aisle. It was like she had this need within her to speak, and Charlie couldn't help but now respect her for it. Those fortunate to talk to her, always left with a pleasant smile on their face. It was like her own form of magic.

need And Charlie wanted to grasp her sorcery with both hands. Her confidence drew his attention like a puppet on a string.

Today's conversation was about the latest films being released in the cinema. There were three that the woman was interested in watching over the month, and so she was stopping her weekly visit to the local café to save up. The elderly woman agreed that the sequel to Disney's Frozen had also gained her piquancy as its predecessor was a delight. Naturally, this led to the discussion on whether sequels could ever match the expectations set by the original and it was pictorial for Charlie to see the two mirror smiles of agreement.

three The station neared, and he picked up his bag from the floor, placing his newspaper in the front pocket. He would stop reading when the woman made her appearance, but it was out of habit; he picked one up and read the cover stories. Her exchanges would always be more attention-grabbing than the news that had become as grey as the dark clouds outside. Brexit was not the most delightful topic, and the current climate change crisis was devastating. The thought of dying polar bears due to melting ice caps was not a happy subject to read alongside breakfast.



October gloomed and brought about the tiring weather. The people were miserable, the sky had begun to leak its tears, and it was time to reintroduce the winter coats. Threading his ticket through the barrier, Charlie shifted his bag, and entered the Pumpkin café where his pink-haired friend Robyn, now used to his regular had prepared the drink beforehand. After some light conversation, mainly her complaint of customer's taking too long to order, he bid adieu and headed to work. A small smile tainted his lips as he walked, his mind considering his own opinion about whether sequels could ever match their legacies. Charlie found his view quickly matched the woman in the red coat; they couldn't.

The warmth of the tall building embraced Charlie as he entered through the automatic doors and headed to the twelfth floor via the lift. He had always considered himself lucky as he enjoyed his job, which was a rarity amongst the currently employed. He had joined a publishing firm in the heart of Leicestershire, only a twenty-minute walk from the train station, four years ago and couldn't dream of working anywhere else. As a part of the marketing team, he had the opportunity to meet hopeful authors, discuss their imaginary worlds and bring them to life. It was one of the few excitements he had and outside of his creative bubble, his life was crepuscular. The result was that he dedicated all his energy to his career, allowing him to attain a management role but leaving little time for anything else.

"The new author's coming today." Jasper swivelled on his chair so that he could face his colleague as Charlie took his seat at the desk with its back to the window. The auburn-haired man shot a winning smile, telling Charlie exactly why he was happy, and he shook his head in disbelief.

"A pretty one is she?" Charlie asked monotonously, opening up his tablet.

"Yup." His friend responded, popping the p. "And she's bringing a friend." He sang, wiggling his eyebrows childishly.

Charlie rolled his eyes. "Look, mate, I've told you. I'm just n-not interested." He felt Jasper's gaze bore holes into his chest and in defeat, Charlie put his pen down, leaving the tablet abandoned on the home screen.

"Melissa left you over a year ago, it's about time you moved on." Jasper pressed now that he had successfully gained Charlie's attention. "You need to meet someone new. And don't say you don't have the time!" He added quickly when Charlie's lips parted.

"Who is th-the author?" The manager changed the direction of the conversation.

"Rebecca Brown." He nodded curtly, she was new to the company, and her name rang a bell which meant she would be in the diary.

"And she's bringing a friend b-because..."

"The book is based on her life." Charlie's mind blanked; this was unexpectedly serendipitous.

"That's...prodigious." He had met plenty of authors who had envisioned their mini universes on the lives of others, but he had never met the inspiration. From a creator's perspective, this was wonderful, he would be able to get an authentic feel of the person, and it made his heart miss a beat.

"When's the meeting?" he asked, motivation powering his enthusiasm. Charlie found it challenging to ignore Jasper's excited smile but decided not to acknowledge it; taking a sip of his coffee that had now cooled. He was not enlivened for the reasons his friend intended. Still, any form of denial would result in Jasper holding his hands against his ears and singing "la la la la".

"It's at 12; apparently, the friend works at the university and could only come during her lunch break."

"That's understandable." The university was close by so hopefully they would still have enough time for the initial meeting. "So, erm do you h-have the manuscript?"



Jasper raised a single eyebrow.

"W-what?"

"Nothing." He shrugged, standing up and placing the thickly bound bundle of papers on his desk. "You've never read a manuscript before a meeting." He pointed out.

Charlie pulled the script towards him; the title "Blossoming Without Roots" neatly inscribed in bold over the front.

"Only because I want the writer to be in full control of the cover; it's their book. If I read it then, w-well, you know how I get when I g-get an idea." He reminded Jasper. Charlie was a workaholic, and when he had his light-bulb moment, he was more than happy to spend every waking moment at the office, getting the work done. There was nothing more satisfying to him than the author agreeing that his contrivance matched theirs. Charlie just wanted the original epiphany to belong to the writer who brought it to life.

"Mm-hmm." Jasper perched at the edge of his desk. "And what's so different about this one?"

Charlie didn't have an answer, and Jasper knew his friend would not be able to reply immediately. Rather than wait for some justification, he announced he wanted some tea, leaving Charlie to his thoughts as he concentrated on the book before him.

Reading had never been his strong point due to his dyslexia, his only practise being the daily newspaper where the text was enlarged. Meeting this author's friend, however, seemed enchanting. Their life was exciting, so much so, that it was about to be a published novel, a story to be broadcasted and globalised and he wanted the full exposé. He wasn't expecting it to be of the same calibre of the likes of Nelson Mandela or Malala Yousafzai or as flashy as celebrities. This would be just an ordinary person, but that's what made the idea even more striking.

A glance at the clock told him he would have approximately four hours to read what was before him. Opening up a word document to write his notes, he flicked open the page and set to work.

***

Dia smiled, sympathetically at the student in front of her, her stomach clenching with angst as she considered her next words. He had entered her office crying, and she had spent the better part of an hour encouraging him to ask for a deadline extension. The death of his grandmother had meant university life had been put on hold. Still, it was a reasonable explanation for anyone human for a new date of submission to be arranged.

She had acquired the role as a librarian-assistant only five months ago and so far loved it. Having never been to higher education, being submerged into its culture and life without the stress was a welcomed experience. Her colleagues were much older, and she connected much better to the students she had gotten to know but that was a compromise she was happy to make. Being one of the assigned assistant-librarians to the Health and Life Sciences department also meant that some students would approach her for additional support. In this case; it was pastoral care this student required.

"Okay, Harry, I'm going to send an email to Richard about an extension for you, okay?" She confirmed, and he nodded with a small sniffle.

"In the meantime..." She opened her drawer and removed a card that contained the details of the mental health team that were stationed in the building opposite.

Dia had learned quickly. It was best to keep a pile for the pupils who were in similar situations like Harry. Many students were unaware of just how much support the university had to offer, and they needed to seek the right help when and if required. Harry took the card tentatively with a shaking hand.

"The university has an incredible pastoral team, and I think it will be excellent to speak to either Sam or Miranda." The names were highlighted on the card. "As your librarian, I can only offer you so much, but during this difficult time, I think they will be helpful to gain further insight."

"You want me to have therapy?" Dia hated this response. Despite how many times she had been asked; she still didn't have an answer. It wasn't that Dia was pushy, it was just her job to direct students to the pastoral teams when matters like this came to her attention. She simply wasn't allowed to provide that care. With student suicides on the rise because of the mental stress that paired with studying a degree, Dia wasn't going to risk saying the wrong thing.

"I just want you to know what support is available." He didn't respond, and the young woman sank her teeth into her bottom lip, uncomfortably.

"I've spoken to both Sam and Miranda plenty of times, and they are lovely people. Great actually. Even if it's just a chat over a coffee, or at the pub...although I guess that's not, erm, appropriate." She blushed as the student stared, his face dried with salt, as she licked her lips, mentally cursing herself for her terrible verbal diarrhoea.

"I'll erm, email your lecturer then and if you, erm, need any help over assignments then you know where to find me." The air was thick with awkwardness.

"Thanks, Miss." He finally responded, picking up his bag, card in hand.

"See you, Harry." She waited until the door closed before covering her face with her hands. Dia gave herself four minutes before she could feel the heat on her face subdue and the rouge vacillate. A glance told her, it was 11:40 am, and a notification popped up, reminding her of the meeting that Rebecca had arranged.

Gathering up her belongings and placing her red coat on her shoulders, she strode out of the office, waved to Meryl, her colleague at the reception desk, and promenaded with dread.

A.N.

A.N. Hi my loves,

I am so, so excited to be publishing the first chapter of Charlie and Dia!

This work is like my baby, and I've really grown attached to these characters, so I hope you all will too.

The song I have linked is very famous in Bollywood and a massive part of my childhood growing up. The lyrics roughly translates into a ballad about a man who is in love with a woman, but she doesn't know who he is.

And, the picture above is how I imagine our lovely Charlie. Of course, this is just my opinion, so I'd love to know whether you think this is a match or who you would picture instead!





Also, before I forget, please vote and comment on your thoughts! I love hearing them, and I'd really appreciate feedback to help me improve my writing :)

See you all in the next chapter,

Love, Aamenah <3





Chapter 2.


Dia had never explored the central city of Leicester. She was conscious about working around the clock and liked to be on time for her train home. It was fortunate that she had purchased a smartphone that would allow her to follow a map to the meeting place; otherwise, she would have found herself lost. And late.

Thirteen months ago, Dia had been living in a hospital, working with the best neurosurgeons to discover the source of her accident. With no prior memories, her ambition once gaining freedom was to ensure her life went back to normal, or as conventional as she could make it. Dr Ranjeet had passed on her details to a personal friend, who he had felt would support Dia as she set about her new life. A psychologist by profession, Rebecca had grown interested in Dia's case, and inspiration had struck to write a story loosely based on her current circumstances.

Tentatively, Dia had agreed to support the book and in time, Rebecca Brown became her true friend; her family. The book was their starting point, and it had developed into a camaraderie Dia had come to cherish deeply. Though the book had become a large part of their journey together; Rebecca also wanted Dia to have someone in this world that she could depend on. To be the one person loyal to fill the void, her lost memories could not fill. Solitary and isolated, initially Dia was unsure but Rebecca's genuine care and the home she had given in the form of companionship, allowed Dia to find someone she could truly trust.

Now that Rebecca's work had been completed and Dia had approved of the manuscript, she had made it her utmost priority that her friend was involved with the publishing process. Dia had been assured that unless it weren't to her liking, Rebecca would turn down any proposals that were made. Despite Dia's belief that she needn't be embroiled and trusted Rebecca wholeheartedly, Rebecca was adamant that she was immersed and attended all meetings, regardless of how much she trusted her.

Alas, the author was stubborn, and the result was Dia being pulled away during her lunch hours to discuss marketing and global distribution. Terms that she never thought would cross her mind.

"Took you long enough." A familiar voice announced as she entered the warm hallway. Rebecca was tall, blonde and beautiful. Her smile dazzled even the most miserable of souls, yet her blue eyes held a warmth that drew people to her. It was how Dia knew she could trust Rebecca when Dr Ranjeet had introduced them, and what had continued to remind her that no matter how alone she felt, her friend would also be there for her.

"You know I don't know the city," Dia responded, taking the coffee that was held out to her. The heat thawed her insides, and she sipped it thankfully as they made their way to the lift for the sixth floor.

***

"They're on their way," Jasper announced after replacing the phone onto the handset. He glanced at his manager whose eyes watered as he continued to read the last few pages. Jasper knew better than to try and gain Charlie's attention. He wanted him to feel the intensity of those final sentences Rebecca Brown had written. He couldn't ruin the ending for Charlie by distracting him; it was simply too cruel.

The book Rebecca had written followed the main lead as she navigated her memory loss. It was more about hope and desperation to see life in a different light, and Jasper knew that the story deserved success. It was a tale that brought brightness to the darkest shadows that loomed in this world, and one of the rare few he thoroughly enjoyed. Taking his tablet and the notes that he had made, he walked across the corridor into the meeting room where Sam Grayson was waiting for him.

"Alright, mate?" The literary agent asked as he removed his notes from the bag.

"Yeah, You? You looked tanned." He pulled out a chair opposite his colleague, waiting for his response.



"I've been great, just came back from Ibiza actually," he explained, offering Jasper a knowing simper.

"Don't let the boss hear that." He reminded him, and Sam chuckled in agreement. Ibiza would be near the very top of Charlie's disapproval list, by age twenty-six, reckless drinking was a chapter closed in his book.

"Where is he anyway?"

"Finishing the manuscript," Jasper smirked as his associate's smile morphed to startlement.

"You're serious?" Jasper assented with a bob of his head. "But he's never read a manuscript before?"

"I know, but this one's got him hooked. I think he liked the idea of meeting the girl it was based on." Sam removed the familiar manuscript from his bag, placing a pen on the table.

"It's great. Rebecca was adamant that she was involved in the whole thing and at first, I wasn't too sure, but when you meet her, you'll know what I mean.

The glass door swung open, and two women entered the room, steaming coffees in hand.

"Afternoon." The blonde chirped as she took a seat next to Sam. "I'm Rebecca," She introduced as Jasper nodded, his eyes landing on the ring on her left hand. He'd certainly not noticed it when she had been in the office the past few months, liaising with the other teams at the publishing house, but he was quick to smile, concealing his surprise.

"Afternoon, it's lovely to meet you," He responded with a grin as Dia took the chair opposite her.

"Hello." She greeted, turning towards the red-head, her brown eyes spreading warmth. "I'm Dia."

"Jasper." He raised his hand for her to shake, before extending this to Rebecca who grasped it confidently.

Dia wasn't quite sure how to acknowledge the men in the room. She felt awkward knowing that part of the decision process would include her, but the comforting beam from her friend told her she was in the right place, and that she was pleased she had attended.

"Shall we start?" Sam decided after thirty seconds of silence, removing the lid from his stylus and opening his notebook to indicate commencement. Just as the three were about to accede, the glass door opened widely entering a crisp chill, pinpointing their attention to Charlie who had just come into the room. He parted his lips to apologise for his delayed arrival when his eyes landed on the woman in the red coat. Gaping several times, he closed the door, bowed his head in apology and took a seat at the head of the table, where the individuals were clearly in view.

"S-Sorry, I'm late." He apologised, his gaze lingering on the woman he had seen for four months but hadn't had the pleasure of speaking to. "I'm Charlie. I was just r-reading your manuscript." He looked at both women hoping one would take ownership for the incredible work.

"I'm Rebecca." The woman next to Sam waved and Charlie nodded with a small smile.

"And that would mean y-you are..." He turned to the woman he recognised.

"Dia." The raven-haired beauty responded in a small voice. Was this the woman he witnessed every morning? Sat at this table she seemed so timid, almost shy. He also couldn't help but acknowledge silently that he now knew her name. An answer to a question he had longed to ask. He repeated it in his mind several times, and a small smile landed on his lips. The name rolled off his tongue, and it would be easy to hide his stammer, which he didn't doubt would make a noticeable appearance.

"Right." He cleared his throat. "Well, firstly, I-I should acknowledge this novel i-is brilliant, Rebecca. A wonderful read and I was fully immersed in the story a-and... just...yeah. Erm..." He licked his lips. "What did I interrupt?" He asked, wringing his hands together, a nervous habit, as he waited for one of his colleagues to initiate. He hadn't attained his management role from confidence, but rather his work ethic and skill. Charlie was just glad it was his outspoken best friend, who sat beside him in his office, and worked to support him, whilst understanding his angst.



"Nothing, we were just about to begin," Jasper concluded, watching Charlie suspiciously. The tense shoulders and slight look of bewilderment that Charlie presented wasn't entirely out of the ordinary, particularly at social situations but it was rarely displayed at work. Opting to discuss this later, he logged onto his tablet and began his presentation.

"Before I start, I was wondering if you had anything in mind. Often authors form some sort of image of how'd they like their book to be presented, particularly during the writing stages." He first asked the two women sat at the table. Rebecca glanced at Dia before submitting her ideas.

"Well, I was hoping that we could work around the theme of moving on ." Sam's pen began to furiously scribble, noting the conversation, in case he needed to refer to it on a later date.

moving on "Okay, I see what you mean by that. And we're sticking with the title "Blossoming Without Roots?" Rebecca peeked at Dia whose brown eyes met her's in agreement.

"Yes."

"Who invigorated the t-title?" Charlie submitted his first question causing four heads to turn.

"That..." Dia cleared her throat as her face reddened, sparked by the attention suddenly fixated on her. "That was me." She confessed. "Rebecca wrote the whole story, but she left the responsibility of its name to me." Dia felt herself being sucked into Charlie's moss-green eyes as he concentrated on every word she spoke. It encouraged her to continue, her confidence growing as she provided her explanation.

"When I woke up and realised that I didn't remember anything, the thing that haunted me most was that I had been forgotten. I didn't know my surname, my family, or who I had shared ties with. They couldn't even link me to dental records, my case was peculiar, and without an identity, I had no one tell me who I was. Even my likes and dislikes had to be completely re-discovered." Rebecca chuckled under her breath at the thought of a distant memory, and Dia smiled, knowing the inside joke they had shared previously, an encounter that now felt long ago.

"Anyway," She returned to the conversation. "When no-one came forward to connect my past, I realised that my life must have been so..." Dia paused to think of a suitable word, "inconsequential that whoever I was had been lost."

Charlie didn't unsee Rebecca meet Dia's hand in the middle of the table to squeeze it firmly.

"My doctors wanted me to try and remember my past, but in all honesty, I didn't want to remember that person. This was my opportunity to stand out, to make my mark. I wouldn't have been able to accomplish what I have, had I been bogged down by the awful life I must have been living. That's when I decided that regardless of my situation, I would try to be remembered. That despite my forgotten roots, I could still bloom."

Jasper knew instantly why Sam had celebrated Rebecca's pressure to ensure Dia was involved in the publishing process. Her way of words was admirable, and he could see from Charlie's expression of wonderment, that he agreed.

"Is that why you t-talk to everyone on the train?" Charlie asked, and Dia's eyes widened in surprise.

"I-I." Dia suddenly found it difficult to produce an intelligible sentence, to respond with.

"S-sorry." He apologised quickly, his heart hammering in his chest. "I d-didn't mean to say that. O-or to sound like a cr-creep or a-anything. It's just, I-I noticed that you're q-quite the c-conversationalist." She blushed darker, and Charlie realised he wasn't doing anything to support the genuine fact that he wasn't a stalker. He took a deep breath, ignoring the four intense stares as he tried to correct what he was saying.

"What I-I a-am trying to s-say...is that w-what you are d-doing is working. I n-normally take the tr-train to Leicester, and I've noticed you on my commute, it s-seems you either kn-know e-everybody, or you l-like to converse. If you aim to be m-momentous than it's working." Charlie took several gulps of water, cursing himself for stuttering so much. Speech therapy from when he was younger had allowed him to manage his stammer in most situations. Yet in front of Dia, all technique had gone out of the window, and he was mortified.

The room was silent as Charlie attempted to reclaim his composure. He had just embarrassed himself and realised that the one chance he had to strike his train conversation was in tatters as a result of his attempt to connect the dots. It was rare that Charlie spoke so compulsively at work, and from Jasper's dumbfounded expression, he too was surprised. Jasper also knew Charlie was mentally beating himself up for allowing his dysfluency to make itself known. An encouraging smile helped Charlie to calm his breathing, as he waited potentially for a response.

Dia couldn't quite believe what she had been asked. Rebecca was perplexed as she had never been told Dia was a babbler on the train, while Sam and Jasper seemed intrigued. On the one hand, Dia felt slightly disturbed that her behaviour had caught the attention of a stranger. Still, it did explain why he looked familiar. On the other, her heart was chiming at the thought that she was successful in her resolution.

"Th-thank you." She finally perceived. "I, well I'm glad it seems to be working." Her smile softened the tense atmosphere and Charlie could feel his heart rate slowly reduce.

"I've got it!" Jasper exclaimed suddenly, clasping his hands together excitably. "I know just what to do!"

A.N.

A.N. Hi my lovelies!

Welcome back to another update! The week went by so quickly aha, but I shouldn't complain, at least it's the weekend :)

So we finally got to know more about our leading duo. Charlie has a stammer (or stutter as some as you may say) and Dia has amnesia. How do you feel about these two based on their first proper interaction?

Also, we finally meet Rebecca and Sam, and I really do love these two, along with Jasper. I don't want to say too much without giving spoilers, so I will stop there aha. But I wonder if any of you have ideas about what Jasper wants to say next?





The image is how I picture Dia, but of course, everyone's interpretation is different. I was delighted to hear that some of you liked my choice for Charlie, so I wonder if you think the same for our leading lady?

The song is Sinners by Lauren Aquilina, it's not entirely fitting but I felt it set a nice mood for this chapter.



I think that's all for now. Please let me know what you think about this chapter! Your comments and votes mean the world to me.

See you next Saturday!

Love, Aamenah <3 xx

P.s. Apologies that this whole scene stems 3 chapters, I wanted to keep the word count reasonable and I doubt anyone wants to read 7000 words in one block. The chapters will be more conclusive after Chapter 3.





Chapter 3.


Rebecca shot an amused look at the auburn-haired male sat in front of her. "Let's hear it then." She encouraged, glad that Jasper wanted to change the subject, just as much as everyone sat around the table did.

"Okay, so picture this." He stood, using his hands to dramatically describe his vision. Charlie smiled in entertainment, as his friend delivered his pitch; his heartrate finally reducing to something more steady. Jasper always had a flair for theatrics, it was why the two got on so well. One was awkward and introverted, the other appeared as if he had just popped out of a West End musical.

"Since you have...practised your new way of life on the train, how about we have a girl on the train tracks? With her back towards us." His eyes twinkled with passion as he spoke. "We can use colour contrasts to make the girl stand out and darken the background, with the title in white." Jasper's smile fell slightly as Rebecca began to chew on her pencil in thought. Her dimmed expression suggested that she wasn't on board with the new concept, and he quickly glanced at Charlie who was mirroring her countenance.

"I'm not sure." She frowned. "It sounds more like a mystery novel to me."

"But she is a mystery." His voice rose an octave out of excitement, as Charlie's merriment increased. Jasper looked to Dia to provide a quick apology and she shook her head, a grin tainting her full lips. It was this smile that made her so attractive; it was a simple look yet Charlie couldn't bear to see her mimic any other expression. It just wouldn't suit her.

is He shook his head, a blush rising in response to his thoughts, and he took another deep breath, forcing his concentration on what Sam was saying to the group.

"I agree with Rebecca, I'm afraid I'm also unsure," Sam commented. In response, Jasper took his seat, knowing his idea had not entirely filled the criteria his clients were asking. He frowned, looking down at his notes as he tried to generate a new idea.

"How about..." Charlie considered his idea, gaining their audience. "Sticking with the train idea, but have it as the model j-just about to board. The people around her could be slightly blurred to suggest m-movement, but she will be clear t-to show that she is taking her next step..." He waited nervously for a response, thanking the Lord that his speech hadn't been significantly impacted by his stammer during the mini-pitch.

"I like that." Dia reflected, focusing her brown eyes on Charlie. "It mirrors something I do every day,"

"And if we maintain a bright colour palette than it will look like a positive read to readers." Charlie nodded in agreement as Jasper completed his train of thought, picking to make notes, mirroring the agent whose pen was already scrawling across the page.

Charlie's smile spread to his ears, happy to hear that the book's inspiration approved of his idea. He watched as Jasper began to outline a rough sketch of the possibilities that could be drawn from the impression he had proposed.

Rebecca ummed and aahed as Dia nodded, pointing to where they could make adjustments as Jasper worked. Thanks to his incredible talent, the first outline was completed within twenty-five minutes.

"Do you need to go?" Rebecca glimpsed at the clock on the back wall that Charlie's back faced. Dia's eyes followed Rebecca's gander, and they widened in surprise.

"Goodness, is that the time already!" She exclaimed, standing up and collecting her belongings. "I'm so sorry." She apologised to the team. "I have to get back to work, I'm actually on my lunch break," Dia explained. The team understood, and they watched as she waved her hand in farewell to her friend before nodding in acknowledgement, to the rest of the group.

"It was nice meeting you." She offered one last grin, opened the door wide and departed the premises, leaving a bizarre silence behind. Charlie licked his lips awkwardly as he turned back to the three people left in the room. He tapped his fingers on the desk in thought before excusing himself momentarily, not waiting for their response.



Jogging down the hallway, Charlie witnessed the closing of the elevator doors, condemning himself for not having left just three seconds earlier. Cursing under his breath, he pressed the button watching as the yellow numbers flashed in descent. The elevator didn't look like it was going to change direction anytime soon.

Without a second thought, he opened the fire exit door and threw himself into a sprint; remembering the breathing technique he had mastered back when he ran cross-country at school. Five levels down, he had all but forgotten how to respire as his lungs cried out for air. Fortunately, he had little way to go and soon enough reached the ground floor.

Without taking a breath, he pushed through the door, passed the reception desk and exited the building, onto the street colliding into the woman in red, causing them to tumble to the concrete ground, in a blur.

"I'm so sorry!" He apologised rolling off her and sitting up, ignoring the brown wet patch staining his blue shirt, caused by her held out coffee. Fortunately, it was cold, and the dripping mess was the least of his concerns as he outstretched his hand to Dia.

Dia remained still on the pavement, her legs spread out but sat upright. She closed her eyes tightly, pressing her hand to the back of her head as it throbbed from the contact to the footpath.

Charlie could see that she was hurt and knelt before her, taking her hand so that she could acknowledge his presence. Her grip tightened as she counted down from ten, ignoring the angry mutterings of the busy office workers racing back to work as they edged around the pair, blocking the path.

"A-are you o-okay?" He asked again. Brown met green when she opened her eyes, and he slowly pulled her to her feet.

"Yeah." She breathed out.

"Are you sure?" She nodded tentatively once more, her eyes now wide in alarm.

"I-I think so." Charlie felt a small drip of relief as she was able to stand without swaying. The contact of her soft skin reminded him that he was still holding her hand, and he let go instantaneously.

"Erm, I'm sorry." He blushed, scuffing his shoes against one another apprehensively.

"You seemed to be in a rush." Dia chuckled, tucking a strand of her ebony hair behind her shoulder. Now that he was in front of her, his heart began to beat and he swallowed with difficulty.

"And y-you seemed to b-be turning back?" He responded, wincing slightly at the sound of his slightly high voice.

Dia licked her lips, hiding her smile. "Yeah, I was just going to throw my coffee. It was cold..." Her sight landed on the patch on his blue shirt. "I'm sorry." She apologised.

"D-don't worry about it," Charlie exclaimed.

She nodded mutely, surprised by his slightly enthusiastic tone but maintained her grin. "One second." She proceeded to pick up the cup that had been crushed by the fall, entered the building and returned empty-handed.

"Sorry, I have a thing about littering." She chuckled to herself, nervously. Dia looked at the man who had noticed her on the train. The more she thought about it, the more he looked familiar, but she couldn't place if they had ever conversed. Dia focused on Charlie's features, feeling a heat feather her cheeks. She would have remembered if they had spoken. The rose-tint deepened as she thought about what he could have heard from one of her many conversations and how many times he had seen her before she had even saw him.

Charlie admired the woman before him. He had nailed her as a chatterbox from the get-go, but now that he could see her, he realised just how beautiful she was. There was undoubtedly something ethnic about her, perhaps Indian but with no roots to her past, and her amnesia he didn't want to risk asking the question. It could make her uncomfortable. Dia was also shorter than average, at least a foot shorter than Charlie and her complexion was a light caramel. Her black hair was long, resting at her waist in natural waves. She was angelic.



"So, erm..." She tucked her hands into her pockets as the November chill cast a breeze into the air. "I need to get going, I'm going to be late."

"I c-can walk you, erm, if you'd like?" He offered, gesturing with his arm in the direction to the university.

Dia pressed her lips together, unsure. She was already tied for time and didn't want the situation to become any more awkward. The idea of walking back with him was pleasant, despite Charlie suggesting he was observant of her, on his commute. She knew deep down he didn't have impure intent, it was just impossible not to sound creepy without some form of context.

She also couldn't fathom why he would want to walk all that way. Without a coat too. There must have been something on his mind, or perhaps he just wanted to take a walk. After a few moments of pondering, she nodded in agreement; they were in public after all, and it was still daylight.

Charlie watched as she glanced at her phone and dread filled his stomach. He had pushed it too far. It was all too much for her. He shouldn't have mentioned the train thing, and he did almost cause her a concussion. Now here he was, standing awkwardly as he waited for her to respond.

"It's erm, the university is that way." She pointed the opposite way that his hand suggested, showing him the map. Was that a yes? Charlie blushed harder following her as she stepped in the right direction to a place he should have known.

Was that a yes? At least she was not the only one seemingly lost in the large city, Dia thought.

"So erm..." He fumbled in an attempt to piece together a coherent sentence. They had walked together in a quasi-comfortable silence for the last five minutes, and Charlie knew that if he didn't apologise now, he would regret it.

Dia looked at the man next to her as they stopped at the traffic light. "Yes?"

"I erm, w-well I wanted to a-apologise." She furrowed her eyebrows, her confusion apparent.

"For- For earlier. I shouldn't have mentioned that you t-talk to strangers on the train. I was just under the impression Rebecca knew, and I d-didn't mean to make you f-feel uncomfortable. If it makes things any better, I-I think you are marvellous and a great conversationalist. I'm envious that y-you have s-such an ability to make an impact." Charlie rambled as they began to cross the road.

Dia watched him from the corner of her eye as he walked half a step ahead of her, continuing to speak. And he called her the conversationalist. "Charlie, it's okay." She verbally forgave him.

her Only Charlie didn't hear her and continued. "-- the m-manuscript was amazing. I bet you could make TED talks on this k-kind of thing..."

"Charlie!" She raised her voice slightly, and he paused, turning to look back at her, her cheeks now a true red. "It's alright."

Her smile told him that all was forgiven but she could tell he was still unsure. Nervously, she licked her lips, watching her yellow shoes move against the pavement as they entered the university campus and towards the library. Dia only had four minutes to go.

"But I mean it." He emphasised. "I've seen it f-first hand. When you leave people, they feel happy. You m-make a difference." If the blood in Dia's cheeks could any brighter, it would be.

"Th-thank you, Charlie." She finally conceded, slightly stunned by his compliment. Charlie's kind beam told her that he was finally appeased with her response, and the awkwardness was beginning to dissipate.

"Right well, I've got to go." He nodded in understanding. "It was nice to meet you. And maybe...maybe I'll see you on the train?" she offered with a small shrug. She was glad she had agreed to allow Charlie to walk her. He had his apology off his chest and hopefully the next time they met, it wouldn't be so tense. She could already feel a small difference, now that they were on the same page.



Charlie bobbed his head, releasing a small embarrassed chuckle and stood at the bottom of the stairway as she headed towards her office. A bright beam appeared on his lips, and he turned on his heel, hands in his pockets to keep them warm as he headed back to his office. He'd done it. He'd actually spoken to her; well, apologised, and their conversation had ended with smiles...kind of. It felt like there was a massive weight lifted off his chest, and ambled with a small spring in his step, glad that he'd had the moment to share what he needed to say.

***

"Where did you go?" Jasper teased, as his manager entered the office.

"Sh-shut up," Charlie complained, doing his best to hide his smile. An annoying smirk was the response he received, as he sat at his desk, pulling out his abandoned work from this morning.

"Did you catch up to her then?" Charlie glanced over his tablet. Unless he told Jasper now, his comrade would beg him until the end of the day. He wouldn't put it past him to follow him home just to get answers. The auburn-haired human was indeed one of a kind.

"Yup" Charlie peeled the wet mess of his shirt away from his body, and Jasper winced.

"What happened? Did you killed her with coffee?" Charlie's facial expression made it clear he was not amused.

"I-I bumped into her, that's all. I just w-wanted to apologise and then w-walked her to work." He shrugged, ignoring his friend's gaze.

"Walked her to work, eh?" Jasper repeated.

"Yes and don't overthink it." Charlie's tone was severe, but Jasper ignored the warning. "I was an absolute stammering mess, I sounded like b-back when I w-was in sc-school." He winced.

"You shouldn't be ashamed of your stammer, it's only noticeable when you get anxious, now. You've come so far and after everything Dia's been through, I'm sure she is more than understanding." Jasper comforted, his words factual and to the point so that Charlie couldn't deny what he was being told.

"I should have apologised over email." Charlie sighed, rubbing a hand over his face, as he immediately reflected the last half hour, choosing something new to negate. "I've probably ruined it. I mean, I-I was trying to tell her I wasn't a stalker by f-following her." His breathing deepened, and he hastily unscrewed the lid of his water bottle and took short sips, simultaneously attempting to catch his breath so that he didn't choke.

"You really like her, don't you?" Jasper enquired, and Charlie nibbled his lip in thought. He couldn't say he liked her, but there was definitely something about her that drew him in.

Jasper smirked at he watched his friend mull over the idea in his mind. "Are you going to ask her out?" He grinned.

"Jeez, Jasper, g-give me a b-break." Charlie sighed, unlocking the tablet that had fallen asleep after not being used. "She's just d-different..."

"From Melissa."

"I d-didn't say that." Charlie defended.

"You didn't have to." Jasper stood up from where he was perched on the desk. "And if it makes you feel better, I think she will be good for you."

Charlie didn't know what to say in response. Could Jasper be right? Was it finally time to move on? Despite his friend's optimism, he couldn't negate the feeling that he had destroyed his chances before they had even begun and this did not go unnoticed by his friend.

"I think you need to really be congratulating yourself." Charlie's eyebrows furrowed in confusion, surprised by the statement after the silence that he assumed had ended their conversation.

"Well, I'll be honest," Jasper began to explain. "I never thought I'd see you chase after a girl, with your anxiety and all, I think if anything, you should consider it significant progress."

The corners of Charlie's lips lifted in appreciation. It was a pleasant thought, but Charlie could only concentrate on all the things that had gone wrong with Dia.

"So, Rebecca...?" He decided to change the subject, remembering that Jasper had expressed an opinion of interest before the meeting. It would also help keep his mind preoccupied, away from the girl in the red coat. Charlie knew the likelihood of a good night's sleep had all but disappeared as a result of his actions. He didn't want his anxiety to ruin his day at work too.

Jasper shook his head with a small grimace. "Had a rock on her hand the size of a mushroom." He sighed, moving around his desk and jumping into his chair, in defeat. The seat squealed as the wheels reversed in protest to the movement.

"A mushroom?" A small smile landed on the manager's lips in amusement. It was typical of Jasper to say something so ridiculous that Charlie's mind could almost clear from angst.

Jasper's eyes landed on Charlie's, his poker face exalting pure seriousness as he spoke: "It may have been a small one but a mushroom nonetheless."

Charlie pressed his lips together, trying to hide his hilarity; it didn't last long, and eventually, the laughter bubbled through. The auburn-haired jester chuckled along with him and once calm, they both returned to complete their work. They had a rather exciting project on their hands and it was about time they truly put their minds together and paid some attention to it.

A/N.

A/N. Honestly, I really don't know what to say. I am overwhelmed by all the support I have received for this (already over 500 reads, I'm shocked!) and so very grateful.

So today is our first proper interaction between our leads, what did you guys think? Keep your comments coming, I love hearing your feedback and don't forget to vote. Also, feel free to ask me any questions, and please give me notes to improve. Criticism is the only way I can improve.

Love, Aamenah <3

Song: Imagination by Shawn Mendes





Chapter 4.


Fortunately for Dia, the remainder of her shift went by quickly. She had to deliver a masterclass in finding journals at 3 pm and with only four students present, it went by quicker than she had anticipated.

On her rare moments where she wasn't being asked questions by students or staff members, her thoughts were occupied by the man she had met earlier in the day. Charlie.

Initially, based on their conversation and his bold statements, he was certainly...a character. From what she had seen in the office, he knew how to do his job incredibly well, and he knew what to deliver to his audience. The meeting had gone well with his input. Dia had also never met someone with a stammer, but she couldn't help but highly respect him for pursuing a challenging career, in a job he clearly loved. It did also help to change her perspective of him. She was still somewhat surprised that he had outlandishly linked her train talk to her ambitions. Although she found it disquieting, the shock on his face, out of surprise that he had even asked, made the statement almost endearing. It was undeniable that he hadn't intended to make such a bold assertion in that way.

Dia's mind also kept transpiring to the moment he knocked into her on the street. It was a scene replicated from the countless rom-coms Rebecca had forced her to watch. Yet, she had never expected it to become a reality. Of course, Charlie's intentions were not quixotic. Still, Dia couldn't help feeling that her heartbeat was more ferocious than ever before when he had gripped her hand and apologised sincerely. It was also some form of consolidation that he was not some crazy guy who had seen her on the train. Charlie just had a difficult time expressing himself. Before her thoughts got carried away, she forced herself to put him to the back of her mind. Instead, she concentrated on her work, focusing on the tasks she would need to complete before she went home.

"Any plans for the weekend?" Meryl asked, entering the office, collecting her belongings when the clock hands chimed 17:00.

"Not really," Dia responded with a soft smile, placing her pencil case in her bag. The thought of a quiet weekend, filled with Netflix and a good take-out warmed her to the core. "I saw an apartment online, so hopefully that will be good but other than that, just Netflix." She smiled. "How about yourself?"

"George is taking me out for a surprise." The elderly woman's beam widened in excitement. "It's our 44th anniversary."

"Congratulations!" Dia enthused. "That's amazing, you'll have to tell me all about it on Monday."

"I will, dear." She agreed. "Good luck at the viewing." Dia grinned appreciatively, waving as Meryl exited the room, leaving her to her thoughts.

A pang of jealousy flowed through Dia at the thought of being married and having someone by her side for 44 years. With no known relatives or friends, Dia could only assume that she was alone. It stirred a feeling of abandonment, but she was optimistic, she had no choice but to be.

Zipping up her bag and placing her headphones into her ears, Dia followed Meryl out of the building, walking in the opposite direction towards the station. The public transport arrived on time, and the journey home was pleasant, as she conversed with a stranger about the latest James Patrick book he was reading. Their conversation was enough to persuade her to write down the novel's name, and mentally note to look out for it, in the library when she had the chance.

Dia had been placed in temporary social housing in the centre of town after being released from the hospital. Dr Ranj had been incredible during the process. After being signed off as mentally stable, she was given her own apartment, and finally she had a place that she could call home. The flat was small but adequate, and Dia had been permitted to decorate the studio however she liked. So she focused on a minimalistic design, filling the room with what she could buy, once she had begun to earn.



Yellow walls welcomed her in the entrance, and the colour transpired into the bathroom, featuring on the towels and bathmat. Her kitchen area and lounge advertised autumnal tones, with picture frames of what she had accomplished after her recovery.

Part of not having any memories meant Dia would have a lot of new "firsts". Most of the pictures had been taken by Rebecca and her favourites included testing her non-existent fear of heights and eating pizza for the first time. The image of her meeting Tyler, confirming her phobia of dogs was her least favourite. Still, it was on the wall as a memory she didn't want to forget. Dia had forgotten how to write and the first written piece; documenting her oath of moving on, was framed in the centre. The penmanship was shaky, and since the article had been scrawled, she had improved marvellously, but she didn't have the heart to exchange the piece. Despite the writing barely being legible, it held more value than anything she had written since.

Now that she was working, however, the council had asked her to leave her apartment by the time her probationary period at work, ended.

Dia had spent the last three weeks searching for new homes in the area. She had grown fond of the small town she had resided in for six months but to save money on her commute, her best option was to move to Leicester. Rebecca had offered her a spare a room, but as she was married, despite how lovely Jonathon was, Dia did not want to intrude. Plus they had Tyler, their dog and unless her fear subsided, she couldn't go inside the home let alone live there.

Fortunately, she had seen a studio complex online and had booked a viewing for Sunday afternoon. It was slightly bigger than where she was currently residing, but it would be cheaper as it was on the outskirts of the city. Rebecca had expressed caution, but as Dia was running out of time, she needed to find something quickly. Once her probation period was over, her annual salary would also increase, which would mean that she could start looking elsewhere, if the area were too far out.

An ear-splitting ring sounded into the apartment, and begrudgingly, she unzipped the bag and removed the phone. Dia only had four contacts saved; Dr Ranj, her workplace, Jonathon and of course, Rebecca.

"What happened?" The female's voice echoed into Dia's ear.

"Hello to you too," Dia responded with a chuckle, kicking off her yellow shoes as she entered her home. Knowing Rebecca would want to talk for a while, she headed into the lounge area and put the device on loud-speaker, resting it on the table so that she could lie down and relax.

"Hey," Rebecca greeted. "So, want to tell me why the marketing lead chased you after you left?" Her tone was light-hearted, but Dia knew that unless her response was detailed, it would not be considered adequate.

"Nothing really, we sort of bumped into each other."

"Either you did, or you didn't?" Rebecca interrogated, her excitement leaking into her voice. Dia rolled her eyes with a new smile on her lips, holding a cushion against her stomach as she proceeded to dish out all of the details.

"Woah," Rebecca concluded. "That's...intense."

"I wouldn't say intense, more...unexpected."

"Dramatise it, girl." Rebecca chirped, and Dia giggled in response. "So, do you like him? Because he obviously likes you." Her friend asked seriously.

Dia froze. She hadn't even considered the possibility of her "liking" Charlie. Or Charlie "liking" her. Those were concepts that she had assumed far too out of reach, at least while she was in her recovery.

"Oh, dear." Rebecca sighed, after a few moments of silence. "What is it?"

"I just, well I don't know anything about that stuff, Rebecca. I've only been out of the hospital for nine months, I don't think a romance is going to do me any good, not right now anyway. Plus I doubt he likes me, he doesn't even know me. Don't be ridiculous."



"Dia, I actually think this will be really good for you. After you both left, Jasper told me some things about Charlie that I think will help. Firstly, he is a great listener, and like you, he has a touch of foot-in-mouth syndrome, which is why he had his weird outburst. He doesn't know much about love either as he was burned in the past. Jasper said this is the first time he has seen him behave like this; we thought it would be great to set you guys up."

Dia allowed the girl to ramble as her head began to throb.

"Rebecca." She sighed. "He is a lovely guy and had the situation be any different I would have considered it, but...I'm just not ready."

Rebecca's silence told her that she respected her friend's decision, and she moved the conversation onto the new trick she intended to teach Tyler over the weekend.

After she said her goodbyes, Dia waltzed into her bedroom to quickly change out of her work clothes and into something more comfortable. An oversized jumper and a pair of khaki shorts helped keep her warm, paired with yellow fluffy socks; she was ready to take on her evening. Her head had begun to pound in the area she had hit when she fell on the concrete, but it was nothing, some good old fashioned TV wouldn't help to take her mind off of it.

Logging onto Netflix, she decided to start the series Money Heist. She'd received many prompts from those already watching the show and with season four on its way, now would be the perfect time to catch up. She had decided to forego the take-out to eat the leftover salad with beetroot pieces in her fridge. The long day made her feel lethargic and deep down she knew unless she did some form of physical exercise, she would continue to feel this way.

The quiet room filled with Spanish tongue and loud bangs, sucking her into the programme. Ten minutes into the episode, Dia realised it was likely she wouldn't be leaving the apartment until she had at least watched the first two seasons. She was already in love with the show and had no doubt, it was going to be brilliant.

***

The shorthand on the clock had just past 8 pm when Charlie decided to leave work. Jasper was long gone, leaving slightly earlier than usual as he was making the trip down to Cornwall to celebrate his mother's birthday.

The day had been busy, and the journey home tedious as he walked back towards the station, picking up a coffee that Robyn had already whipped up for him. When evening fell, particularly in the winter months, the number of commuters reduced significantly. Still, on a Friday, there was a population that was ready to travel and go out.

On tonight's particular train, the carriage was filled with women in their late twenties, preparing for a hen night. The bride was wearing a veil, and each of her bridesmaids wore pink sashes stating the date and the words "bride squad" in white. A splitting headache had formed at the back of his head, and without his headphones, there was no way to drown out the noise. Instead, he concentrated at the greenery that he passed, counting his breaths to help with the ache that made him want to go to sleep.

Fortunately, the commute was only 40 minutes, and his apartment was just a short 15-minute walk away. As much as he wanted to call an Uber, Charlie knew he needed to walk. The sky was black, and the stars glimmered as he passed the busy roads and entered the central area of town.

His breath misted before him, and he made a mental note to take his scarf with him to work from now on. He had spent the extra hours so that he wouldn't have to work over the weekend, which meant that he would finally have some free time to relax.

With those thoughts in mind, a small smile of relief appeared, and he pressed his mobile against the card reader, permitting him entry to his building. On the left, was the stairwell and he opened the door, only for his expression to turn grim in despair.



"Hello, Charlie." Her voice called out as the blonde looked up from where she was seated on the stairs.

"Melissa." He responded curtly.

"Don't look at me like that." She scolded with a small sigh, licking her lips as she stood up. From the way she was wringing her hands, he could tell she was nervous. His eyes landed on the small suitcase next to her.

"H-how did you get in here?" He asked.

Her short pause was enough to tell him it was illegally. "I erm, waited until someone came out and I snuck in." Melissa explained, tightening her ponytail with both hands as she waited for him to respond.

Charlie didn't know what to say. Instead, he nodded once, a sign of acknowledgement, but it was all he had to offer. He climbed the stairs, purposely passing her to provide the message passively that their conversation was over. Only he should have remembered that with Melissa, she always had to get the last word in. Her slender fingers gripped around his forearm, forcing him to stop.

"Yes?"

"Don't you want to know why I am here?" He avoided her gaze.

"N-no." Her grip loosened, but it was not enough for him to be freed.

"We broke up Charlie." A pain in Charlie's gut appeared as he released a heavy breath. "Bobby and I, I mean." She clarified.

For the first time, Charlie looked at the face of the woman he once loved. "I don't have anywhere to go, he chucked me out."

"And you came here b-because?" The question was fired before he could process what he had asked. The slight drop in Melissa's jaw told him that even she was surprised by his tone.

"B-because I didn't have anywhere else to go." Cue the waterworks he thought, as her eyes began to water.

Cue the waterworks Charlie remained silent as she silently begged him with her facial expression. "I just need somewhere to crash." She hinted.

"You ch-cheated me, Melissa," Charlie responded with a quiet voice. "You l-left m-me for y-your personal- trainer, no less." He almost wanted to scoff at the cliché. "W-why should I-I-I help you?"

Melissa stilled, her brown eyes widening. "I didn't cheat on you, Charlie." She stated clearly. "Yes, I moved on...rather quickly. But you've made assumptions, I never initiated anything whilst we were still together. The only reason I moved in with Bobby was that I had nowhere else to go when we broke up. How would it have been fair to have lived with you, while I was seeing someone else?"

He gaped, taking in her surprise. "We were best friends, Charlie." Her voice cracked. "How could you think I would do that to you! After all we have been through together," She shook her head in disbelief. "Is that all you think of me?"

When Charlie didn't meet her gaze, she continued. "I loved you Charlie and for most of my life you've been there, I could never do that to you." She watched as his anger began to subside. "We were so close, Charlie, we can't go on ignoring one another for the rest of our lives. It's been a year and it's killing me." Melissa added, her plea evident as he stared into her brown eyes.

"Th-this l-last year h-has b-been h-harder for me than you'd e-ever know." He asserted, sadness tainting his tone. "Look, I'm s-sorry, okay." He took a deep breath. "I just can't help you. You tore my h-h-heart out." His voice cracked on the final sentence, and her shock morphed to sympathy.

"I told you that I was sorry." She sniffled, lowering her gaze. "I have nothing, Charlie. Bobby, he, maxed my cards on his steroids and kicked me out. I'd take it back in a heartbeat if it meant that I didn't hurt you. I never wanted to lose our friendship, I did try." Melissa defended miserably, knowing it wouldn't make a difference.

She released her grip and turned on her heel, descending three steps with her suitcase in hand. He knew that she had spoken part of the truth. Though he could never guarantee or quite believe she hadn't been seeing Bobby whilst they were still together, he knew that she had attempted to rekindle their friendship. That was honest, and in her eyes he could see her sincerity. Charlie stared at her retreating, shivering form and groaned internally, accepting his fate.

"Just the w-weekend." He warned, causing her to freeze. "And y-you can sleep o-on the couch." He did not have it in him to be so kind that he sacrificed his bed. Leaving her to follow him, he unlocked the apartment, leaving the door open for her as he removed a beer from the fridge.

Charlie wasn't one to drink frequently, but he often kept the beer for Jasper when he came to visit. Knowing what the weekend was going to bring, however, he decided not to criticise himself for what he was doing. Allowing his ex-girlfriend back into the apartment they once shared, was already the biggest crime of all.

"I like what you've done with the place?" Melissa admired, slightly out of breath, from the weight of her suitcase, as she entered the warm abode. She took in the charcoal grey walls and the accented mustard sofa that had taken centre-stage in the lounge. The suitcase was placed by the entrance as she made herself at home by taking a seat. Despite living together for two years, and being friends since they were children, the blonde woman had still never acknowledged his distaste for wearing shoes in the house. Ignoring his frustration, he entered the lounge and took a seat on the chair opposite her.

"Have you eaten?" She shook her head. "Do you want t-to eat?" Again she responded a negative, mutely, and he sighed, twiddling his thumbs.

"Just help yourself, o-okay." She nodded with a small smile. Charlie could not believe that she was sat in his lounge, let alone would be spending the weekend.

He stood up, took a final sip of the bitter alcohol and headed into the kitchen area to prepare a quick meal. Opting for packet noodles, his meal was ready in five minutes, and he shovelled in the unhealthy goodness, feeling his headache begin to subside.

After washing up, he took paracetamol, located some spare blankets and a pillow, delivering them silently to the woman in the room.

"Thank you, Charlie." She whispered, blinking her tears. It seemed that the reality of the situation was just beginning to hit, and he didn't want to be present to comfort her. If she were upset over any other reason, Charlie would have sat with Melissa with a glass of water and a box of tissues. Reassuring her over breaking up with the man she left him for, however, was not on the cards.

"There's ice cream in the b-bottom drawer." Was his response as he departed and headed into his bedroom. Once in is pyjamas, he covered himself with his heavy duvet and forced himself to close his eyes and get some sleep. A girl dressed in a red coat made an appearance in his mind, and he smiled at the thought of the day he'd had.

The next time he saw her on the train, he vowed, Charlie would acknowledge her and hope that he would be one to feel her magic. With the weekend he was about to have, Charlie knew he would need to feel excited about their next possible meet, it was the only way he would survive.

A.N.

Early update for you guys this week! In for a crazy weekend celebrating my best mate's 21st and then an engagement party on Sunday. Wish you all are having a splendid week and have the most wonderful weekend.

Hope you guys enjoyed this chapter, we finally get to meet Melissa, what do you guys think? The song is Roads by Vargas & Lagola, and honestly, it is epic.

Hope to catch you soon! Let me know your comments and please don't forget to vote,





Love, Aamenah <3 xx





Chapter 5.


"Morning" Rebecca chimed slightly out of breath, as she approached the table Dia had claimed. Her hands were filled with a bag containing papers, rolled up scrolls and books. Dia had been given the later start time at work, and Rebecca had insisted that they met for brunch, and now she knew why. This wasn't the first time they had arranged to meet, and her best friend had bought along the latest research to help restore her friends' memory loss.

One raised eyebrow was enough for Rebecca to blush in embarrassment.

"What?" She defended. Dia glanced back at the large shopping bag that was now placed in the centre of the table and then met Rebecca's blue eyes that were twinkling in excitement.

"Nothing." Dia shrugged with a small smile, allowing Rebecca to settle. "I had a super strange dream yesterday." She added, taking a sip of her warm beverage to add suspense, starting the conversation with the most prominent thought on her mind. Rebecca pulled the coffee that Dia had previously ordered, towards her, listening intently.

"Another one? What was it about?"

"Well, this time I was running." Dia thought about the green forest she had seen herself lost in. "I don't know where I was, but it seemed familiar. I was running as fast as I could, out of breath. It was like I was being chased."

Rebecca's smile faltered as she listened to Dia speak passionately. Her friend was so focused on re-telling the story that she did not notice Rebecca's face begin to grow in concern.

"...And then all of a sudden I was on the road and a white truck approached me. It didn't stop."

"And then?"

"Then, I woke up."

"Hmm." Dia looked at the woman sat opposite her.

She held her tongue, not wanting to say the thought that had just come apparent in her mind. A deep breath pushed her to articulate the notion. "I think it could be linked?"

Rebecca grimaced. As always in these circumstances, she offered no opinion and Dia was grateful. It was the deal she had made with Rebecca and Dr Ranj. She had asked them, that regardless of the truth they uncovered, they would not deliver her direct facts about her past. Instead, they would allow her to make her own assumptions, guiding her without giving her the answers.

Dia knew it was a difficult predicament to put her friends in. Still, if her memory returned, she wanted it to happen because her brain allowed her to. Being told concrete facts about her life was not the same as remembering .

remembering "Well, as you know I can't say, but, I was talking to Dr Ranj, and he came up with an idea that could maybe help you." As well as an aspiring author, Rebecca was a psychologist. Due to the nature of their friendship, Rebecca was not allowed to provide Dia therapy, but it didn't stop her from trying to help where she could, respecting the Health Council's guidelines when she did.

"What have you got?" Dia asked, taking a sip from her mug. She had sworn to reduce her coffee intake this month so that she could afford to go to the cinema for the three movies she wanted to see. Filling the weekend binging a new series however was the perfect way to mess up her otherwise ideal sleep schedule. Consequently, she was now drinking coffee as a means to keep herself awake.

"Well, Dr Ranj and I agreed that functionally you are fine. All of your scans have come back, and aside from the anomalies we have discussed previously, we still can't find any other reason outside of PTSD to explain the amnesia of everything prior to the accident ."

"Right..." Dia had already known that structural changes to her hypothalamus and her memory loss had led to receiving the label of having Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. At first, they assumed that as she recovered, her memories would return. After a month of the notion filling her mind, frustrating her to no end, Dia decided not to think of it as a problem. It was why she was so keen on moving on. One didn't receive a PTSD diagnosis after an extremely happy event.



"So we were going through the research papers..." she removed a thickly-bound research article, from her bag, "We believe it's psychogenic..." Rebecca chewed on her lip anxiously, worried on the reaction Dia may have. Her previous clients had shown surprise, sadness, and for others, a hint of realisation.

Dia remained expressionless, her face unreadable.

"...psychogenic?" Her raised intonation told Rebecca that she hadn't entirely understood what was being said.

Rebecca looked at her friend uneasily, her thumb wiping the rim of her mug, smudging the fresh lipstick stain, as she considered her next words carefully. "We think there might be a mental block that your brain has chosen to forget your past."

chosen Silence. It was the only imminent reaction Dia could provide.

"Ranj wants to book an appointment with you about it, but we agreed that it would be best to let you know, informally." Dia's expression was slightly puzzled, and Rebecca took a sip uneasily before continuing.

"...And he thinks you could try hypnosis. It's huge in the States, and you qualify. We think this could work." She explained, attempting to hide her excitement about a potential treatment option that would help her closest friend.

"What do you think about it?" Dia asked, still unsure.

you Rebecca frowned, chewing her lip in thought. "It's a case by case basis. Ranj wants to go through the details, technically I'm not supposed to be there but if you'd like..."

Dia bobbed her head ferociously. "Please."

"Just let me know when your appointment is," Rebecca affirmed, squeezing her friend's abnormally warm hand.

They each sipped their coffees quietly allowing Dia to go through the literature Rebecca's bag contained. She had read pieces before that had included words she hadn't entirely understood. To support her friend, Rebecca now highlighted the critical sections and added black scribbles across the page to assist Dia's understanding.

After thirty minutes of discussion, Dia had grown tired and put the paper down, finding the jargon exhausting. With her terrible sleep the previous night, she knew she wouldn't be able to take anything more into her already overworked brain.

"So erm, I saw the new place." She introduced the new topic, and Rebecca smiled in relief. She had been worried that Dia would grow anxious about the possible hypnotherapy. She had told her informally before she was taken to a clinic so that Dia could mentally prepare herself. Dia was a planner, and she needed time to think things through. It was an agreement that had made with Ranj, when they had become close.

"And?" Rebecca inferred excitably.

"It was wonderful, actually. A little far out but it's no more than a twenty-minute walk or bus ride into town. My potential neighbour is an elderly woman living with her grandson, and there is another family on the floor who I didn't get to meet, but it was perfect." She gleamed.

Dia had fallen in love with the new home. As soon as she had entered, she could already imagine where her belongings would go, picturing her duvets in the bedroom and yellow towels in the bathroom. The landlord had just refurbished the space, which meant that it was practically brand new; another selling point, much to her delight.

"Well, that's great!" Rebecca enthused. "Are you sure you want to do this? Jonathon won't mind at all if you stayed at ours for a little while. He could even live in the annexe; that way, I can live with my best friend."

Dia smiled in amusement. "It's not Jonathon stopping me, it's Tyler." She reminded Rebecca of her phobia of dogs. Immediately, the blonde gasped, holding her chest theatrically, the movement almost knocking her mug over.



"Are you suggesting that I get rid of my baby?" She cried. "Never!"

Dia raised an eyebrow, amusement hinting at her lips. "So you would forego the husband to the annexe but not the dog?"

"Meh?" Rebecca shrugged as Dia chuckled, gaining the attention of the two men sat nearest to them. They stared at the girl, distracted by her high pitched giggle, causing the women to laugh harder, hysterically.

Deep down, Dia knew that Rebecca was joking of course. If anyone had a pure, epic romance, it was Rebecca and Jonathon. They were high school sweethearts and had just bought their first home together, after sharing an apartment for four years. Dia knew the house had been purchased as a part of Rebecca's plan to have children. That was another reason why she didn't want to live with her comrade; she knew eventually she would have to leave.

"You know that I love living in my own place, it's been a luxury since I was released from the hospital." Dia reminded Rebecca, and the blonde smiled in agreement. Living independently had really allowed Dia to break out of her shell.

"Anyways lovely." Dia licked her lips as she prepared to say goodbye.

Rebecca realised that their time had already passed and she stood up to hug the girl she loved like a little sister. Dia mirrored her actions, embracing her close and after promising to call later, picked up her bag and headed to the station.

***

"I'm leaving," Charlie announced, slamming the door behind him. He skipped down the steps and into the frigid air, cursing himself for forgetting his scarf. He pondered momentarily, contemplating on whether to turn back but shook his head, deciding instantly. If he went back, he wouldn't be able to leave for another hour, and he was already, very late.

His nose numbed from the cold, and he pressed his hands deeper into his coat pockets as he entered the station, purchasing a ticket from the counter. He grumbled, slightly annoyed that his lateness had consequently meant he had missed Dia this morning on the train. Charlie had vowed to himself he would attempt to try and talk to her, and the part of him that wasn't consumed by nerves, was actually buzzing with excitement. It was just his rotten luck that he had been held-up. Three missed calls from Jasper was enough to express this was out of the ordinary for him.

Fortunately, the train was on time, and he took his seat in the first place he found, his usual row occupied, much to his annoyance. The train began to roll away from the platform, and he closed his eyes as his headache began to diminish. His lateness had also resulted in him missing the daily commuters, which was fortunate as he could get some rest. It would allow for some peace before a day of catching up began.

Charlie felt someone tap his arm, and he opened his eyes to see a woman, donning a new red coat before him. Her brown eyes held warmth and Charlie instantly felt rejuvenated, sitting up straighter in acknowledgement.

"Fancy seeing you here." Dia chuckled, pulling out a packet of gum. She had been unsure on whether to approach Charlie as his eyes were closed, but she figured he would prefer to be awake and catch his stop, rather than miss it. Thoughts of what had happened on Friday came to surface, but she pushed it to the back of her mind as she took the seat next to him, upon receiving a kind smile.

"I could s-say the same thing." He expressed, suddenly feeling much better. They gazed at each other with friendly grins, both attempting to configure some sort of sentence. She presented a piece of gum with an offering hand, and he took one gratefully.

"So, erm..." Charlie blushed as his voice cracked, but he forced himself to continue, knowing he had successfully gained her attention as she had angled her face towards him. It was those eyes that encouraged him to finish the words clogged in his throat and he swallowed his angst, clasping his hands together as he expressed his question in two words. "New coat?"



Dai looked down at her newest purchase, rather pleased. Her favourite coat had been placed back into her closet and exchanged for something warmer. She was just glad she had been able to replicate the colour.

"Yes, actually." She chirped. "I bought it a few weeks ago, and I've been waiting for the weather to turn sour before taking it out."

"It, erm suits you." He licked his lips in awkwardness, trying to even his breathing so that she wouldn't be able to detect his slightly panic.

"Thank you." Her eyes glistened, and a small blush appeared on the apples of her cheeks. "It's been so cold as of late, I've been finding it hard to leave the house without two pairs of socks." She chuckled, and he nodded in agreement.

"It's been m-miserable." He shuddered, leaving a small silence to be filled.

Dia pressed her lips together, not quite knowing what to say. "So, erm, how was your weekend?" She decided, disliking that their topics of choice had been so utterly mundane. She usually resulted to weather talk when conversation was truly sparse and from what she had learnt about Charlie last Friday, he knew how to express himself, she just needed to nudge him in the right direction.

"It was er..." Charlie paused, the large question of how he could explain that his ex-girlfriend was staying with him, without having to take a trip down memory lane, forcing him to find an alternative label. "Interesting." He concluded, after several seconds, as she smiled, her almond eyes creasing slightly as she pressed further, leaving him utterly bewitched underneath her spell.

"Oh, how so?" It was how she did it. Charlie realised. It was her heart-warming gaze, the expression of pure, innocent curiosity. It was her genuine interest that made people want to respond. Before realising it, Charlie was delivering the details. He explained how an old friend had turned up out of the blue, needing a place to stay. Her beautiful smile and ear out for detail encouraged him to speak almost passionately about his weekend, despite the pained state it had left him in this morning. Charlie's thoughts ran ahead of his mouth as he deliberated on his true feelings about Melissa coming back to live with him temporarily. The fact of the matter was that he enjoyed having someone there to talk to.

It was how she did it. Melissa's sudden departure had caused his heart to crumble, and his home turned into a bare apartment. Four walls that could not provide human comfort or celebrate his small victories. It had been a difficult time, but fortunately, Charlie had Jasper to help him through it.

Melissa returning was a reminder to Charlie of how much fun they used to have. She was still his childhood best friend, after all, and he liked her presence.

"You could always ask them to stay permanently if you enjoy their company so much?" Dia offered, and Charlie nibbled his bottom as he felt there was no escaping the truth behind the situation.

"I-I have to be h-honest." He licked his lips. "The friend, she's w-well my ex-g-girlfriend." Dia's eyes widened for a flash of a second before an unexpected expression to fall on her face. It was a countenance of comfort. Charlie concentrated on his hands, fiddling with the bottom of his tie as he avoided her gaze. "Sh-she didn't have a-anywhere else t-to go."

Dia wrapped her hand around Charlie's fingers, causing him to freeze, his heart rate tripling in intensity. He almost felt suffocated, but for the first time, it was not rooted in negative emotion.

"I think that's a very admirable thing for you to do, Charlie." She squeezed his hand in reassurance before releasing, unsure on whether she had pushed her boundary. "And," Dia licked her lips as she tried to conjure some form of an intelligible response, which was both respectful and meaningful. "She is blessed to have you as a friend."

Charlie didn't know what to say. How could someone be so understanding? And kind, and gentle? "Th-thank you, Dia" He stammered, and she offered a small smile.

"I didn't say anything to be thanked for." She shrugged nonchalantly.

In Dia's mind, she knew she had no right to judge. Part of her felt envious that Charlie's ex-girlfriend was so lucky to have someone, like Charlie in her life. Dia had woken up completely alone, not even an ex-boyfriend came forward to take her home. She had been left to her own devices, but she mentally shook her head.

Dia didn't need to think about that, it was far too cynical, and it was against her vow. Instead, she asked Charlie about what he liked to do with his free time and his response was simple. Charlie liked his job, and he loved to drink coffee.

They continued to chatter until they reached their stop and separated when he went to grab a coffee at the café, the pink-haired barista offering a wave from the counter upon noticing him. It was evident that he frequented often, and Dia was quick to comment gaining a small chuckle in agreement. As the clock was nearing the beginning of her shift, she had bid adieu after informing him that she would be on the train at her usual time tomorrow. Charlie couldn't help but feel his heart flutter in excitement.

A whisper his mother often told him when he was younger caused his heart to pang and a genuine smile to appear on his face. "Those who work and wish hard enough, only good things can come their way."

"Those who work and wish hard enough, only good things can come their way." Charlie couldn't help but feel that seeing Dia on the train was no accident. He sincerely believed that he had missed his opportunity to see her and low and behold, not only did she board his train, she approached him first. He doubted Dia had romantic intentions, but his heart couldn't help but pump with glee at the thought. It was a potentially a start and that was more than he had ever anticipated.

A.N.

Hi my loves, so another update for you all! I sincerely wish you enjoy it. I know there will be a lot of questions, especially regarding Dia's PTSD but I want to assure you that all will be revealed. I'm just waiting for the right time to disclose those answers. I hope you all had a fab week, especially since we have entered the month of Christmas! All the lights have been put up in the town, and it's just stunning.

Anywho, that's me going off on a tangent, don't forget to leave your comments and vote! It truly means the world to me to see your responses.

Love, Aamenah <3





Chapter 6.


"What happened to you?" Jasper exclaimed as Charlie entered the office, walking hastily to his desk. Dark patches had appeared under his eyes, his skin was dull, yet the smile on his face was as bright at the sun.

"Sorry, I'm l-late." He apologised, placing his coffee on the desk before pulling out a bundle of papers from his bag. Jasper did not acknowledge the apology. Instead, he perched himself at the end of his desk, arms folded with a raised brow; waiting for his friend to explain himself.

Charlie knew his apology was an outright lie. The grin illuminating his face provided the evidence for that. Had he not been late, he would not have seen Dia, and they wouldn't have had the splendid conversation they'd shared. If anything, for Charlie, it just demonstrated that for once perhaps the universe was fighting his corner; that maybe he had a chance?

Jasper grew irritated as his friend pulled out his laptop, preparing to work. Charlie hadn't even realised that his colleague was sat on the desk, something he would usually frown upon and scold him for. The warning "I won't pay for another desk" was something Jasper had heard more than thirteen times, just this year. Yes, he had counted.

"I won't pay for another desk" "Come on, mate, you can't leave me hanging. What happened?" Jasper impatiently demanded, pursing his lips to hide his annoyance. Green eyes met blue, and the smile faltered ever so slightly. A yawn stifled Charlie's response, and he covered his mouth with the palm of his hand, shooting apologies with his eyes.

"Melissa happened." He finally said, arching his back and wincing slightly as it popped.

"What? Melissa, what happened? You didn't make amends with her, did you? Or worse!" He gasped.

Jasper hopped off the desk, facing his friend as his hands moved to accentuate his speech. "We've spoken about this! After all, she has put you through! I just...why would you do that to yourself?" He ranted. Charlie didn't concentrate on the lecture being delivered. Instead, he waited patiently, allowing his friend to get his anger out of his system. Jasper heaved to catch his breath, his red cheeks slowly returning to their original pale colour as he respired heavily.

"Finished?"

Jasper nodded.

"W-we didn't make amends." Charlie informed him, and the auburn-haired man's lips formed an "oh" shape in realisation.

"So why were you smiling like that? Why are you so tired...and late?"

"I-I smile." Charlie defended, his eyebrows furrowing slightly.

"Not like that mate, that's caused by a woman." Charlie chuckled at Jasper's response, his friend knew him too well for his own good.

"Well i-if you let me sp-speak, maybe I'd have g-gotten a chance to explain."

"So there is a woman?" Jasper wriggled his eyebrows and Charlie pointed to the chair, telling Jasper to take his seat as his 14th warning.

is "Just l-let me speak." After the listener zipped his mouth and imitated, throwing away the key, Charlie began to explain.

"Bobby br-broke it off with M-Melissa" Charlie could see Jasper fidget in an attempt to not speak and continued quickly. "And chucked her o-out of the apartment with only a b-bag of her things. She didn't have anywhere t-to go or money so she c-came to me."

"You let her stay, didn't you?" What should have been a question sounded more like a statement, and it was not incorrect. Jasper knew his best friend well.

"The plan was j-just for the weekend. Melissa w-was hoping she would be able to cr-crash at her sister's, but i-it didn't work out. A-and you know what her brother is like."



"Is she still at your place?" Charlie nodded. "You need to get her out."

"I know," He sighed, acting as if the confession he'd made to Dia that he actually enjoyed Melissa's company; when she wasn't crying over her ex, of course, hadn't occurred. "But I can't leave her st-stranded."

Jasper sighed deeply. He knew it was callous to consider leaving the woman on the street, but he couldn't see Charlie fall the way he had. The once passionate man had become awkward and miserable. For his joy to come from working alone, it made Jasper hate the woman that did it to him. Still, he knew better than to raise this, Charlie was an adult. He knew the consequences of the last relationship and it was up to him now.

"You didn't give her the bed, did you?" He asked cautiously, and Charlie shook his head, his smile a way communicate that he hadn't allowed Melissa to take over, as she had once done.

"No, she slept o-on the couch."

"Then why are you so tired and achy." Jasper identified, his eyes tight in anticipation.

"She cried all night. B-both days."

"...Ah." He knew it didn't take much to disturb Charlie's sleep; it was the perfect explanation, and for a moment he felt bad for doubting Charlie so much.

"Yeah, I figured you w-wouldn't sympathise w-with her that much." Jasper simply nodded, affirmatively.

"Well, what's the plan now? Hasn't she got any friends, she was always so popular?" Jasper sneered.

"I don't know w-what the plan is next. It's d-difficult because she is stuck; apparently, I am not the only one she broke things off with when she m-met him ." Charlie refused to acknowledge the newest ex by name. "I was late t-today because she w-was panicking that she had n-nowhere else to go."

him "You told her that she could stay for as long as she needed to, didn't you?" Again it sounded more like an assentation, than a query.

This time it was Charlie's time to nod.

"I might get an air m-mattress for the spare r-room." Jasper pulled a face of disappointment. "It's just temporarily," Charlie defended. "I knew y-you would look at me like that." He sighed, feeling the stress of the situation as he pinched the bridge of his nose, with an exhale. "But what am I supposed to do? Her parents are i-in Spain, her siblings d-don't talk to her, and she c-can't afford her own place at the m-moment. This will just be for a l-little while." The uncertainty was evident in Charlie's voice but he couldn't lie and he didn't want to suggest that he'd allow Melissa to leave before she had found a place to live. It wasn't his nature to be so cold-hearted and it would only hurt himself in the long run.

"Are you sure you're okay with this?" Jasper asked, concern evident in his voice, as he knew Charlie wasn't quite telling him everything.

"I am," Charlie responded without a second thought. It was true that Melissa was trying and at times, exhausting, but Charlie could not deny a simple fact. That it was nice to have someone in the house again,

"I know what she d-did was w-wrong and believe me when I-I say I am still upset about it, but when she w-wasn't hurting, it was pleasant to just have a catch-up. She was my friend long b-before we were even r-romantically involved, I can't believe I am saying this b-but it was nice to s-see that friend return. She's g-got a promotion at work..."

"So who is responsible for that smile then?" Jasper interrupted. The small creases that appeared on his forehead showed clearly that he was hoping for a silver lining and Charlie smiled knowing his response would certainly ease his best friend's angst. This was most they had spoken about Melissa since she had left, and he could tell Jasper needed an explanation. In fact, he had demanded it.



"Oh." Charlie chuckled, remembering why he was so happy. "I bumped into Dia on the train."

"The girl with the memory loss." Jasper's lips began to spread excitedly, his expression only fraction of the delight he felt within himself. "And..."

"And nothing. We just h-had a great chat, I like her c-company." Charlie shrugged, trying to hide the emergence of a new grin.

"Do you now," Jasper teased, wiggling his eyebrows causing the brunette man to blush. He turned slightly on his chair to hide his face as his colleague continued his taunt. "You like her, don't you?"

Charlie considered the idea, mulling over the notion. The pounding in his chest had intensified since he had seen her in the office room last week. He was excited to see her on the train and had it been anyone else disturb his moments' rest, it would have annoyed him. Dia, on the other hand, had helped him forget how terrible of a weekend he'd had. Charlie hadn't needed to go over the details with her. Just that she was listening, was enough for him to feel better. It was the magic he had wanted to seek from the start.

He licked his lips before providing affirmation. "Yeah. I d-do."

Jasper grinned widely, and Charlie mirrored it, the two men genuinely happy at the words that spurred hope for a future both were uncertain of.

"So, what next? Are you going to ask her out?"

"Not yet. I want to g-get to know her as a friend b-before I get ahead of myself." Jasper nodded in understanding. Charlie needed to take things slow, and with Dia's current situation, he didn't want to push anything further. Plus they were working together. Charlie could not imagine the awkwardness that would manifest should she reject him and they were forced to see one another in a professional context.

"Right, I am behind as it is, t-time to get back to work," Charlie announced, for the first time feeling less than enthusiastic about his job. The moment he pulled out the brief; however, the spark returned, and it was almost as if he was back to normal. Only the thought of Dia remained at the back of his mind, and his smile did not diminish.

***

Two weeks later:

Two weeks later: Two weeks later: Dia smiled gratefully at the girl as she returned her book correctly, on to the trolley. "Thank you." She smiled, pushing the rolling bookshelf through the aisles and into the nursing section of the library. Dia couldn't help but feel her work had lost its spark.

Her favourite part of the day was boarding the train in the morning and seeing Charlie. He had grown in confidence over the time they had spent with one another, and his stammering only appeared when he asked her something personal. Conversations with Charlie, although began awkwardly, were pleasant, and the more he opened up, the more Dia enjoyed their discussions. His opinions often matched hers, and when they didn't; their debates were entertaining.

When she had spoken to Rebecca about Charlie, two weeks prior, she had been sure that there were no feelings for him, but how could she explain how his soft smile made her hands clammy? That his voice made her feel weak?

The mobile phone pinged in her pocket, distracting Dia from organising the bookshelf, and she looked both ways, before removing the device and reading the notification on the screen:

"What time does your shift finish today?" It was from Rebecca.

"What time does your shift finish today?" "7 pm" was her response. Rebecca knew Dia was at work and knew just how worried she was about using her phone. Dia only had one month before her probationary period ended and she was proud of her five months streak of doing well. Getting caught with a mobile device was an easy way to lose her position and a full-term contract, she had been warned at the very start.

"7 pm"

"Marketing team wants to meet about the first cover draft, can you come for dinner?" The device informed her.

"Marketing team wants to meet about the first cover draft, can you come for dinner?" "Sure, can you pick me up?" Was Dia's confirmation.

"Sure, can you pick me up?" "Of course! Meet you at the steps." Dia switched off her mobile with a broader smile on her face. She had already taken her lunch break and only had another three hours left of her shift. While her thoughts were pre-occupied, she looked down at her outfit that consisted of a black midi-skirt, a black top with poufy sleeves and red-knit tights. It was formal for work and fitting for a dinner with the publishing company.

"Of course! Meet you at the steps." She allowed her thoughts to consider seeing Charlie twice, on the same day, and her heart almost lurched. Along with the constant good mood and the clammy hands, they were all things the internet attributed to having a crush. Having never experienced these emotions before, it did make her feel uneasy, and she knew she would have to talk to Rebecca about it. Still, Dia felt positive about the notion, all the same.

As Dia placed the last book from her trolley onto the shelf, she considered what being in a relationship could mean. It was when Dia linked her feelings to Charlie did the doubts begin to seep in. She knew she would want to take things slow, she didn't even know if Charlie felt the same way and if he did, would he want to carry her baggage? Her brain was becoming tired over the continuous cycle, and she decided to drop the subject, moving to put away the roughly stowed books on counter three.

180 minutes later, Dia was wrapped in her red coat, waiting at the steps of the university library. The long shift had resulted in a rumbling stomach, and she clutched it, in embarrassment with rouge cheeks.

Rebecca arrived promptly, parking her car illegally so that Dia only had to cross the road. The window lowered as she came towards the blue Mini, and after a quick hello, she took the left passenger seat, in the back of the car.

"Hi, Jonathon" Dia greeted the gentleman in the passenger seat, leaning in between the husband and wife, once she was belted up.

Jonathon was tall, with black afro-curled hair and beautiful brown eyes. He was a quiet character and complimented Rebecca's bubbly personality well. Their hands were connected on top of the gear-stick, and Dia tried not to express her opinion at the cute sight.

"Hey, Dia." He half-turned in acknowledgement with a smile. "How was your shift?"

"It was alright, actually." Dia smiled, the time had gone faster than expected, and that was always pleasant. After a few minutes of comfortable silence, Rebecca turned on the radio, and the acoustic version, of the song 'Jealousy' by Disciples began to play through the speaker. Imminently, Dia found herself singing along accurately and it didn't take long for Jonathon and Rebecca to join in when the chorus began.

"So, this meeting?" Dia glanced at the driver when the song ended. "What's it about?"

"It's nothing formal." Rebecca shook her head, easing the anxiety she could hear in Dia's voice. "Jasper's finished the first draft, so he wanted to arrange a meeting sometime this week, but I'm working, and we won't be able to liaise for another two weeks after. The publishers want a March release, so we've got time to make an improvement, it's just best to get things done now, while we can. "

"Ah, that makes sense." She wanted to ask who else would be present but knew better than to mention Charlie. It would lead to a bucketful of questions that she didn't have any answers to, and as much as she loved Rebecca, she didn't want that on her mind during the meal. Seeing Charlie would be a lovely end to the day, but Rebecca had only mentioned Jasper, and she didn't want to get her friend's, or her own hopes up with the possibility. She rubbed her hands against her skirt as they became clammy, in anticipation, using her words to distract herself. "Well, I'm starving and don't have anything at home, so this works out." She grinned.

Rebecca looked at her friend through the rear-view mirror with a pointed look. "You know you can do home deliveries." She reminded her.

"I know, but the supermarket shopping experience is fun!"

"Supermarket shopping experience," Rebecca whispered to herself, shaking her head in disbelief. A small smile lifting at the ends of her lips, her friend was truly bonkers.

"Well, you can do ours anytime." Jonathon offered amused, and Dia nodded, gladly.

They arrived at the restaurant and parked in a space, close to the entrance, and the name "Raja's" glowed in red, inviting them closer. Three individuals were stood by the door, each of them with their hands in their pockets, hopping on one foot to the other to keep themselves warm. The tallest of the group smiled warmly as they neared and instantly Dia felt butterflies pronounce themselves in the pit of her stomach.

"Hi, Dia." He smiled when his eyes met hers as the trio moved closer.

"Hello, Charlie." She grinned.

A.N.

Ah, I really enjoyed writing this chapter! It's a bit more of an insight into the lives of these characters, so you'll have to let me know what you think!

The song is David Archuleta- Crush; which to be fair is more of a guilty pleasure, but it worked well.



I'm finally off for Christmas so yay to three weeks of not leaving the house, eating lots of food and binging Hallmark movies! Have any of you started Christmas break?

I hope you all have the most incredible weekend and feel free to tell me what you get up to! :D

Don't forget to comment and vote,



Love, Aamenah <3





Chapter 7


Charlie couldn't help but listen to Jasper, as he spoke on the phone. The conversation topic had gained his attention and he waited patiently for a positive outcome. After spending his morning contacting literary agents for meetings, Jasper had stolen the opportunity to ring Sam, Rebecca's agent, to enquire about her and Dia's availability. According to the agent, however, the two women would not be available for the next fortnight.

"Well, we could meet tonight?" Jasper had just suggested. "Yeah, it would be no problem. We could go to Raja's?" Jasper quickly looked at Charlie for confirmation, and he approved with a thumb's up. It was only 3:30 pm, so they had a while yet which was fortuitous as he was still behind on the work he had neglected this morning.

"That's great...okay Sam, yeah...we can catch a ride together...okay, see you tonight." Charlie twiddled his pencil between his fingers, waiting for Jasper to provide some more intel. The master of suspense knew precisely what he was doing by making some notes, forcing Charlie to ask.

"So, erm w-what happened?"

"Hmm" He feigned innocence, maintaining his gaze on the stack of post-it notes containing a list of tasks he was yet to complete. "Oh, nothing really. Sam is just talking to Rebecca about arranging a meeting tonight."

"At a restaurant?"

"Well, by the time we finish here, we might as well eat." Charlie knew he had a point and did his best to hide his smile.

"Will, erm, will Dia be c-coming too?" He asked hesitantly. He didn't miss Jasper's excitable grin but retained a straight face as his heart hammered at the thought of meeting Dia twice in one day, at a restaurant no less. Where they would actually have time to converse with one another, and not be racing around the clock to get to work on time."

"I don't know mate." Jasper shrugged, the quick eye contact telling Charlie he was speaking honestly, causing his shoulders to deflate slightly. "Most likely, though, Rebecca will want her there," The red-head added optimistically to sprinkle some hope into the situation. He could tell Charlie was more interested in the girl he met on the train than the matter they would be meeting for, and so he should be. It was about time.

Charlie nodded mutely, hoping that the three hours he would have to spend with the dull ache of eagerness, would pass quickly.

As if the universe was teasing him however, he could only sigh and confirm it didn't; the next 180 minutes passing as if time had decided to take a break, and only grin at his dismay each time he glanced at the clock.

***

Charlie waited anxiously in the cold, his nerves intensifying as the blue Mini pulled into a free-space outside the restaurant. Three figures emerged, and he felt a smile pull at his lips instantaneously when he noticed from the three, one donned a familiar red coat.

"Hi, Dia." He greeted warmly as they approached the entrance.

"Hello, Charlie," she responded with a smile, her eyes twinkling under the bright lights.

"Come on, let's go in." Jasper decided, turning on his heel into the restaurant. He could already feel his toes turning blue. The group followed him promptly, itching to get out of the cold.

"Jasper, Charlie, this is my husband, Jonathon." Rebecca introduced them to the man holding her hand. They shook hands politely, and the waitress arrived, taking them to a table towards the back. Jonathon and Sam had met beforehand, and they spoke animatedly as they followed the group. The restaurant was unusually busy for a Monday, but Dia took it as a positive. It could only mean that the food here was excellent.

Charlie sat directly opposite her, both exposed to the aisle while Jasper and Rebecca stole the middle seats and Jonathon and Sam, against the wall.



"Would you like anything to drink?" The waitress, Amy, asked, appearing in seconds of their seating, with a small notepad and pen.

"Water, please." Charlie and Dia responded at the same time, blushing lightly when the waitress smiled in amusement. She collected the rest of the orders, verbalised that she would be back soon, and departed, leaving a small air of shy awkwardness between the pair sat opposite one another.

"So erm..." Charlie cleared his throat, pulling uncomfortably at his collar. "Do you l-like Indian food?" He asked the joyous woman in front of him.

"I don't know yet." She grinned. "This is my first time at an authentic Indian restaurant. Rebecca said the food was great."

"Awh, yeah, Raja's has been f-famous for a while." He nodded with a grin, surprised from her response. He had assumed Dia to be Indian from her physical appearance but based on her past, he knew better than to ask. His thoughts were quickly dismissed as she acknowledged him once more.

"Oh good, so, you've been here before? What do you recommend?"

He nodded, pondering over the numerous dishes he'd had before. "Well, erm, a-are you a vegetarian?"

This time it was Dia's turn to nod.

"O-okay well, the biryani is great if you like rice. Or their aubergine curry."

"Aubergine?"

"Yeah, it's really tasty. I think they fry the v-vegetable with potatoes and then a-add it to a sauce. It's pretty good."

"Awh, that does sound delicious" Dia grinned, her stomach rumbling quietly in agreement,. She turned to Rebecca as she asked the question, and the blonde was quick to agree that the aubergine curry was a great option, and a hidden gem on the menu.

Charlie felt the gaucherie reduce and a comfortable atmosphere he couldn't quite define, replace it. Soon enough, they were having a great time and the twenty- five minutes it took for the food to be delivered went by quickly.

The colours, shapes and smells made her mouth water, and Charlie could see her rising excitement as the waiter began to dish out.

"...One aubergine?" the young man, asked the group.

"That's me," Dia responded enthusiastically, and he held up the black bowl by its two handles, placing it on a wooden mat. His head raised slightly, catching her eyes and he froze.

Dia sank her teeth into her bottom lip, unsure of how to respond. Concentrating his gaze on the young woman, the man accidentally touched the side of the bowl and hissed, clutching his hand in pain.

"Are you okay?" She asked, her concern etched into her facial expression, as she winced at the waiter's now red hands. Charlie couldn't quite decipher what was happening, only that the waiter hadn't taken his eyes off Dia and he was confused.

"I'm so sorry." The waiter, Amit, apologised, reddening in realisation. "I, wow, I can't believe this, but you just look like my older sister. Like exactly like her." His eyes were as wide as a deer in headlights as he continued to study her.

"O-oh."

"Yeah." He murmured, as Dia wet her lips, feeling awkward under the spotlight from her friends. Amit smiled and after an additional moment of silence, tentatively removed a black wallet from his pocket and extracted an image. He blinked quickly, ensuring none of the observer's noticed his glassed over eyes, before handing over the photograph of two young people covered in mud.

From the creased edges, it was evident that Amit looked at the image often, but for Dia, she couldn't recognise the scene or the girl she apparently looked like. The young girl shared her complexion and brown eyes, and it was Rebecca who was first to break the silence and agree.



"Goodness Dia, you look just like her!" Rebecca exclaimed, looking at the picture a little closer. Charlie caught a glance at the image, and he too could see the striking resemblance. The girl could only be fourteen at most but if someone claimed Dia was related to her, it would undoubtedly be trusted.

"D-do you have a m-more recent photo?" Charlie asked, curiously, as Amit offered a small sigh.

"Yeah, it would be interesting to compare them!" Rebecca piped in.

"She, erm, I'm sorry she passed away, 10 years ago." Amit sighed, rubbing the back of his head as his pain became even more so evident. Dia hadn't imagined his reaction and his surprise at her appearance became even more so understandable.

"I, I-I'm so sorry!" Charlie expressed, turning red. "I didn't m-mean a-any offence, I didn't know...I-I." Charlie was horrified. He knew he had a terrible habit of putting his foot in it, but he'd never made such an appalling blunder. Charlie genuinely had not thought through what he was asking, and the guilt was eating his stomach. He could feel nausea settle, and Jasper glanced at him, sensing his panic.

"Are you okay?" He whispered, and Charlie nodded slightly in affirmation, not trusting his voice to be able to say anything more, particularly in front of the waiter.

"I'm sorry for your loss." Dia smiled sympathetically, placing a hand on Amit's arm. "I'm sure if your sister could see you now, she would be very proud of you." This seemed to cheer him up, it was the magic that Charlie had witnessed for the last four months, and Amit stood straighter with a smile.

"Thank you." He grinned. "I, erm, I needed to hear that actually." He rubbed the back of his neck, slightly nervous, his eyes crinkling with his simper. "I should also apologise, I shouldn't have said anything." He frowned, turning to Charlie, who shook his head, nonverbally telling him 'not to worry'. Charlie knew if he spoke, not only would his words be a fumbling accumulation of repeated syllables, it would also draw attention further to his shame and embarrassment.

Amit presented the rest of the meals which had now cooled enough to eat, bowed his head and walked away.

"Well...that was unexpected." Jonathon pondered aloud, and the group murmured in agreement. They ate quietly, allowing Jasper to show the potential cover of Rebecca's book, turning the topic to their intended conversation. It was precise to her and Dia's liking, and with Sam present, it was easier to confirm the details. The next task was the back cover, often even more so tricky as it includes the very thing that attracts the audience. They confirmed a date for their next meeting, which wouldn't be for another fortnight, but would give time for the cover-designers to work on their other projects, that they had neglected in favour for this one.

"So, erm have you decided on d-desserts?" Charlie asked, directing the conversation after the group spent a few moments pondering over the smaller menu.

"Yeah, Jonathon and I were thinking of getting the carrot halwa with ice cream," Rebecca responded.

"I'm thinking about the milkshake," Jasper murmured allowed. "The rose one with the jelly."

"Jelly?" Dia asked curiously, her almond eyes widening at the bizarre thought.

"Yeah, tiny pieces but it tastes great. I think I will get one myself," Sam explained, a dimple appearing as he smiled.She nodded and decided not to comment further, looking back down at the menu.

"Dia, anything spark y-your interest?" Charlie asked, and she met his gaze.

"Oh, I think I'm good, thank you." she smiled up at him. "I'm so full." She puffed out a breath, holding her stomach. "What about you?"

Charlie glanced at the menu in thought. "I think I'll pass, I'm pretty full too." he decided. Most Indian desserts are sickly sweet, and he knew consuming it would mean another night of lost sleep that he couldn't afford.

The desserts were pre-prepared and were given almost instantly alongside with the extra requested water. They paid the bill, and Amit waved goodbye at the exit, as they passed. Dia couldn't help but feel uncertain about his unusual reaction but decided not to dwell on the idea, concentrating on the people she was spending time with.

The group huddled outside and discussed to meet up again, outside of a working context. Charlie agreed, knowing that it would be another opportunity to see Dia, even if he was already seeing her on the morning commute. No amount of time felt like it was enough, and the notion encouraged him to ask her plans, for her journey.

"Are you getting the train back?" He surprised himself by asking her exclusively and her smile was genuine, as if she had been hoping he too would ask.

"That's the plan."

"Me too, w-would you like to get a taxi to the station?" Dia turned to Rebecca who nodded, affirming her that it was okay.

"Sounds great," She grinned, as Charlie felt his heart flutter in disbelief. He couldn't quite believe his ears; had she really just agreed?

had she really just agreed? "Great, I'll call someone to p-pick us up." He turned on his heel and Rebecca neared Dia, pulling her slightly away from the others to raise the question and her surprise.

"What's going on?" She asked, her blue eyes wide, animatedly. "You two spent quite a lot of time talking to one another, one might even assume you were...friends." Rebecca's eyes narrowed as Dia blushed during her inquisition.

"I don't know." Dia chuckled, tucking a black strand behind her hair. "Honestly, we've seen each other every day on the train for the past two weeks and, erm, I guess we really hit it off." She lowered her voice so the others couldn't hear.

"REALLY!" Of course, Rebecca however, had not considered that. "Why didn't you say anything!" She scolded as Dia pleaded her to quieten down before anyone else could develop ideas. Or worse, here the excitement that tainted her own tone and scare Charlie away, especially if he only just considered her a friend.

"Sorry, erm the taxi's here." Charlie intervened before Dia could respond to Rebecca. She nodded appreciatively, thankful that he had saved her from an earful of "why didn't you tell me" and waved to the group not far away from her. Bidding goodbye to Rebecca with a hug, the warning that she must 'tell her everything', was clear in her ear before she was released. Dia could only nod with a slightly terrified grin as she followed Charlie to where the black car was parked, a genuine grin of anticipation on her face. The evening could only get better from here.

A.N.

Another week, another chapter. Golly, it passes so quickly, but I get so excited to read all of your comments, it keeps me going.

I hope you all have a wonderful weekend! Plus only four more sleep till Christmas, I'm really going to miss opening up my Advent calendar, I may just have to buy yearly one aha. (Do they do those? aha.)





Anyways, I hope you all enjoyed this chapter! Leave your comments and votes, I cherish reading them.

Love, Aamenah <3 x





Chapter 8.


Charlie opened the door for Dia, allowing her to slide in before taking the seat behind the driver. After she recited their destination, and the headlights turned on, the couple smiled at one another shyly, not quite knowing what to say.

The silence was pleasant, but Dia felt that it was a lost opportunity if they decided to keep it this way. Charlie had shown that he could be quite the conversationalist, he just needed to be comfortable. The least she could do was try. In thought, she pondered over their past conversations, most of them involving the weather and despite it being a good start, it would be random considering it was dark and dry.

"So, erm, did you like the food?" Dia decided to ask him in a small voice.

"I did actually, I normally g-get the chicken tikka masala but I'm glad I w-w-went for the lamb this time." Dia nodded along, hoping he would say something more.

"What did you think of the meal, c-considering it was your f-first time having Indian cuisine?" He asked, clearing his throat as the reality of the situation began to sink in.

While Dia had been staring out her window, he had been looking at the black sky in angst. The sudden surge of courage to ask if she wanted to take the same taxi had also taken him by surprise. Now that she was next to him, and they were not together due to work or their commute, he felt the nerves begin to settle. The scenario was alluring and his heart began to hasten its beats in intensity.

"Well..." Dia considered her words, with a small smile. She had also angled her body so that she was now facing Charlie and he had mirrored her, in doing the same. "I did that DNA thing," She stated with a small smile, "And though no relatives popped up, apparently I am 100% Indian, but on who is terrible with hot food." She explained with giggle, causing him to not in understanding whilst she confirmed his prior thoughts. "So, I've always put it off but Rebecca's been begging me to try Raja's for a while and since Jasper suggested it, I couldn't really say no." Dia added, reminding him of just how much she spoke when she was enjoying the topic. It seemed that she had also registered that she hadn't even answered his question just yet and she offered another sheepish grin before containing.

"I have to say, at first I was surprised that you eat with your hands, the whole naan thing baffled me, but once you get into it; the food just tasted amazing." She established. "And when you're with good company, you don't mind too much about how you look while you eat. I thought it was a transcendent first and would recommend it to anyone...Maybe not to people who are germaphobes or don't like spicy food though. The aubergine was extremely tasty, I've never had it in a curry so I will have to look up a recipe and try to make it myself. The spice level was just to my liking, maybe I could ask that waiter?" She added as an afterthought.

Charlie nodded along, his grin genuine, but it was the taxi-driver who gave an unexpected reaction. He laughed.

"Sorry." he apologised, half-turning to look at Dia, humour illuminating his face. "It's just, I've never heard someone say so much in such little time."

"O-oh" Dia was unsure how to respond. She chewed on her lip, having become stunned speechless. It was obvious that the driver had not intended ill-meaning but it had highlighted the nerves she was feeling in the pit of her stomach. Rebecca had told her many times she often got carried away when she was anxious, and clearly, it had happened again, and this time a stranger had called her out for it.

"Don't change yourself for the world dearie, we need more people like you." The driver chuckled. Charlie could only listen to what the elderly driver was saying, and he knew, hand on heart, the man was right. It was precisely what he thought after witnessing her train conversations for four months.



"You've got a point though, the aubergine is pretty tasty, and that's coming from someone who only likes meat." the elder man proclaimed.

"So, erm have you been to Raja's before?" Dia asked the driver, wanting to remove all possible attention off herself, thankful that it was too dark in the vehicle for either men to see her blush.

"Yeah, a while back now; it was good for a meal out. You should try Lucknow's on London road, it's popular, or if you like Indian street food there is a place by the train station, I'll point it out to you."

"Thanks." She appreciated the offer, her mouth-watering at the thought. She had meant it genuinely that she was surprised how much she enjoyed the food. It had tasted familiar and with her DNA confirming this was her culture, she was excited to one day, taste more.

"No problem." The driver shrugged, smiling at her through the rear view mirror, which she mirrored, chewing her lip in thought.

"Have you been to the new vegan place near the university? It's doing exceptionally well." Dia directed the question at Charlie by looking back at him. Meryl had introduced her to the eatery when she first began working at the library, and it was a great place that met her dietary requirements on a budget.

"Yes, their pizzas are really g-good." Charlie chimed in, and Dia bobbed her head with a smile. It seemed that their food tastes were quite similar.

"Oh, no." The driver grimaced, looking at the duo in the mirror. "I didn't like that place at all. Why is everything vegan ?" he complained as Dia pressed her lips together in an attempt to try not to laugh.

vegan "Well, what did you have?" she inquired.

"I think it was some imitation pasta, nasty stuff." He shook his head in disapproval as they neared a set of traffic lights.

"Oh, well, that might explain it then. Next time try for something that isn't an imitation, it never works because often you are expecting it to taste the same. It just sets you up for a bad experience. I thought the pizza was exceptionally delicious, and you should try the onion pickle sandwiches, those are my favourite."

"So you're saying I just ate the wrong thing?" He snickered, and she nodded, which he saw through the rear-view mirror. "Alright, I'll go back there and give that a go."

"Great." She chirped.

Charlie attended to Dia silently for the rest of the journey as she spoke animatedly to the driver. A constant smile sat on his face, and it felt like the perfect end to a perfect day. Admiration fluttered within him as he considered that she genuinely could have a conversation with just about anyone. It was surprising that she would class herself as an introvert, as she had in the book; evidently, at this moment in time, she was in her element.

The taxi parked into a free-space and Charlie pulled out his wallet to pay the fare. Dia reached for her purse, but he stopped her with a shake of her head, passing the money through the lowered window.

As Dia exited the car, the driver turned around with a bright smile, his aged eyes scrunched together in sincerity.

"You keep that one, good sir. She's a firecracker, but she'll make you happy." Gobsmacked, Charlie could only nod, offer a quick goodbye and join the girl in the red coat, his heart hammering in agreement.

"I'm so sorry." Dia quickly apologised, her cheeks reddening, as Charlie stood in front of her. He furrowed his eyebrows in confusion at the girl who had placed her hands over her cheeks.

"I don't know what came over me. I guess, I just didn't want the drive to be quiet, but I wanted to speak to you . Instead, the taxi driver answered all my questions and..."

you

"Dia." Charlie held her wrists gently, pulling her hands off her face. She looked into his forest-green eyes, chewing on her bottom lip nervously, her flamed cheeks only the surface of the embarrassment she felt beneath.

"You don't n-need to say sorry for that." He frowned, slightly surprised by what she was saying. "I'm the o-o-one who should be apologising. If I weren't so d-damn awkward all the time, maybe y-you would find it e-easier to talk to me..." Charlie sighed, knowing that he was to blame. If only he were more confident; it would make such a difference. Guilt began to swell in his stomach, as he looked down at the girl in front of him.

"Hey," Dia searched his eyes, "don't say that," she responded softly. "If anything, we balance each other out." She shrugged with a small giggle, and Charlie smiled at the thought of a silver lining.

"That w-we do." He agreed. Charlie was still holding onto Dia's wrist when they decided to go to the platform. She hadn't tried to pull it away, and as they walked, Charlie's stomach plummeted when she interwove her fingers with his.

Dia couldn't explain the weird butterflies that were exploding in her stomach. Or where the sudden surge of esteem that had appeared when she held on to Charlie's hand tighter. All she knew was that she liked the feeling of her hand in his and when he didn't pull away, her smile widened. It felt natural and she didn't want him to let go.

The train arrived three minutes late, and the two were able to hold a conversation that was not about food or the weather, or the book.

"Can we sit in the fifth row?" Dia asked as they boarded the empty carriage. Charlie nodded, and she led him to her chosen row, taking a seat. Their hands were clasped together, leaning on the top of an armrest. Still, neither of them wanted to draw attention to it, fearful that it would become awkward and the other would let go.

"So why the fifth row?" He asked, and she blushed slightly, this time visible under the wretched yellow lighting. Charlie had been curious about her particular seating choice, ever since he had noticed her consistency on the train.

"The first time I took the train for work, I got off on the wrong stop and ended up in Peterborough," She chuckled, and Charlie smiled in understanding. Depending on who was piloting the train, it was often that announcements were failed to be made unless it was a prominent stop.

"I have five stops on the way home, and it helped me remember when I needed to get off. Now it is just habit, plus the windows are always wider here, so you can see more of the scenery." Charlie looked over her, at the window on her left, and to his surprise, she was right. "I have some really beautiful pictures of the sunset." She showcased by producing her phone that contained a recent photo. The image was striking and Charlie complimented her skills appropriately to which she denied.

"So, how did you get the job at the l-library?

"Well..." Dia thought back to the day she received her first job, gaining Charlie's brief eye contact and a small, breath taking smile. "I had gotten lost on my way to see Rebecca at the publishing firm. It was raining so I went inside and saw that they had advertisements for a new position as an assistant. Naturally, I explained that I had no experience and that I had just come out of the hospital, but they were quite keen to give the job to me. The position had been open for quite a while, and they were desperate, so they offered me a probationary period which makes sense because of all the...other things going on, but so far, they seem happy. I like working there." She beamed upon reflection. "How did you get a job with the publishing firm?"

"I interned there when they first opened." Charlie smiled at the memories from six years ago. "I did a placement year there, and they s-said that after I finished the degree, I could take the position. That's how I m-met Jasper, he was interning at a-another department at the time, and we hit it off."



"That's so lovely." Dia warmed at the memory. "So, then how did Jasper transfer into your team?"

"He m-m-moved a couple of years back. He was part of the editing team, but when I saw how good he was, artistically, I wanted him w-with me. You can't a-ask for more than working with your best friend. Plus he helps me stay calm when...I n-need to calm d-down and take a b-breath." He added, licking his lips.

Charlie hadn't acknowledged his stammer to Dia yet. Still, over the two weeks, she had been patient with him, smiling encouragingly whenever he seemed to get stuck. For the first time, Charlie did not feel penitent because of it, and he had noticed, during their time together, he was stammering less. It was a sign that she made him feel relaxed; an emotion rarely felt by Charlie with strangers. Even with Jasper, it had taken four months to remind himself that he didn't need to force the words out of his mouth.

Dia beamed in understanding. Charlie had more adversities than what appeared on the surface and in that way she felt she could relate to him. No-one could tell she had memory loss unless she told them. Similarly, Dia would never have known Charlie stammered unless he became truly anxious; no one spoke truly fluently and so she would have easily brushed it off. The more she spent time with him, however, the more she realised they were very alike, and it was solacing.

Dia had wished more of her colleagues were her age and was highly jealous at how the rest of her team connected. Working with Rebecca on the book had been amazing, though, so she knew how Charlie felt. The resulting softening silence led to Charlie asking something, he never in a million years has he thought to have the courage to ask.

"So, erm, if you don't mind m-me asking..." Charlie stuttered over his words but found the support needed to continue, by a squeeze from her warm hand. "Erm, w-what caused your a-amnesia?" He pondered a little more before continuing. "Y-you don't have to answer. I know it's a d-difficult topic and I am so sorry for asking. You touched o-o-n it in the book, I sh-should be thankful for that b-but..." He rambled, his stammer increasing as he fumbled over the right words to say.

"Charlie," Dia spoke his name, loud and clear, interrupting his last sentence. His gaze was intense, and Dia could imminently see his intentions were pure. "Charlie, if you slowed down a tad, you'd realise I want to answer that question." His eyes bulged, and Dia couldn't help but grin at the man next to her.

"Y-you do?"

She nodded. " I do..." Dia contemplated on where to begin, knowing that if she started half-way, it would only lead to more questions.

"Thirteen months ago, I was brought into the hospital by ambulance. I had no possessions or identity, just the clothes that I was wearing and my location to give a hint. I was found by a man at the back of a corner pub, in my town and he called the emergency services when he realised that I was breathing. Gave him the fright of his life." Although she chuckled, Charlie could see the pain of her first memory flash through her eyes.

"Anyway, I was checked over, and I was kept in for a head injury and multiple fractures and breaks. They also found injuries that healed over time but couldn't be linked to the accident and till this day I'm not quite sure what happened to me."

Charlie froze in shock, but Dia remained calm, her voice not shaky in the slightest as she recounted her story. He was thankful that they were still holding hands, it brought a greater sense of succour to them both as he continued to listen.

"When I came to, the doctors, the police, everyone asked the same questions, but they just couldn't put together a whole story. The only thing I could tell them that my name was Dia and that I didn't know anything else. I don't even remember what happened, or how I ended up at that pub, and so we just refer to it as the accident." She explained quietly, evidently allowing her first memories to flash and repeat in her mind.

Charlie absorbed every word as she spoke, his green eyes focused on her hazel ones. "So before the a-accident, it is all a b-blank?"

"It's tough to explain because it's all I know." She decided. "I've had dreams that could be hints of my previous life, but it's arduous to recognise. I guess it's like when you want to say something, and you just can't put your words together. Like all the segments don't quite fit; a missing piece to the puzzle."

"And, I suppose, it was frightening at first." She confessed after a few moments of further thought. "When I woke up, I was terrified that one day my mind was going to blank again. That I would wake up in my apartment not knowing who I am. I guess, eventually, I grew frustrated at the thought that I wouldn't recover anything that I threw myself into making memories.

making It's one of the reasons why I commute, and it's why I like to meet so many different people. They all have stories whereas I don't. But, maybe one day someone will say the right thing, that will just spark it all off. It's what Dr Ranj and Rebecca hope will happen and so I can only try. I just thank my lucky stars every morning that I am well and have memories that are beginning to fill the empty space. "

Dia could feel a weight releasing from her as she finished her last sentence. It was the first time she had attempted to explain what had happened to her, and it felt right telling Charlie. He listened profoundly, hooking himself to her every word. Knowing that she was able to tell someone without breaking down or feeling sorry for herself was another thing she had accomplished. Every time she had looked in the mirror and remembered her reality, she would feel miserable and cadaverous. Seeing her scars reflected in the glass made her feel discouraged and ugly. But speaking to Charlie, it had the complete opposite effect.

Dia felt that for the first time, she could finally accept her reality. That she could honestly believe the words she told the rest of the world.

The train staggered to a halt, and the ticket-person announced that they had come to Dia's stop. Charlie didn't know what to say. The feelings he felt were of both awe and amazement. His heart pounded faster as he took in the woman before him as she stood up to depart the train.

"Th-thank you for telling me all of that." He smiled gratefully, squeezing her hand tightly. "It must have been so difficult."

She simply nodded, with a smile, choosing not to agree because it was something that she had surpassed. It was just a part of her.

"So, I'll see you tomorrow?" She asked with a small simper, and he stood up, and nodded passionately, allowing her pass into the aisle.

"Definitely." He confirmed. He watched as she walked towards the door and hopped onto the platform before questioning what he was doing. Charlie couldn't let the night just end.

Charlie couldn't let the night just end. Powerwalking through the aisle, he jumped off the train as the doors closed behind him, not registering the decision he had made.

"Dia!" He called, and the girl in the red coat turned around, surprised illuminating her brown eyes, before her confusion replaced her expression.

A.N.

A.N. Another week, another chapter aha. It's a bit lengthy, but hey it's Christmas! I hope everyone had the most amazing time, with lots of great food and terrible dad jokes.

A few more reveals in this chapter, I really hope you enjoyed it.



The image is from ParadiseArgent who so kindly sent it to me. They are currently accepting book covers if you are interested in getting one done, and I would highly recommend it!



ParadiseArgent

Song: Galliyan, Ek Villain- this is one of my absolute favourite Bollywood songs, if you're looking for a way to get into this type of music, this is a song I recommend for sure!

Don't forget to comment and vote, you know I love hearing your thoughts,

Love Aamenah <3





Chapter 9.


"What are you doing?" Dia asked, her eyes wide in shock as she took a step closer to Charlie, slightly confused. The train puffed and screeched before moving away, leaving Charlie behind. "The train..."

He turned his head, rubbing the back of his neck as watched the passing engine behind him, a sheepish smile pulling at his lips as he considered what to say.

"I-I..." Deep down Charlie knew he couldn't explain himself. There was no particular reason why he had departed the vehicle, or why he was no on her platform, standing before her as the silence expressed the train had already left. "It's late a-and I didn't w-want you to walk alone..." Charlie tried to explain. "Do you m-mind if I walk y-you home?" He pursed his lips together, anxiously as he waited for her response.

Dia rubbed her thumbnails together as she took in the man before her. His light blush made her smile, and she couldn't help but feel that she didn't want the night to end. There was just something about Charlie that allowed Dia to genuinely trust him. They wouldn't be spending time together if she didn't.

"I, erm, yeah, I'd like that." She nodded, nibbling her bottom lip, slightly nervous, as he took a step closer to her, relief flooding through his features.

They pushed through the crowds and passed the barriers, crossing the main road to get into the town centre. Their hands brushed against one another, but neither of them dared to grasp the others. Instead, they walked in tranquil silence, the winter breeze turning their noses red. Stars twinkled as they passed the main square, leading them to a pub where Dia took a left turn.

"It's stunning here," Charlie commented. "I've not been to this part of the town." He grinned when a small family of ducks made themselves heard as they quacked and splashed in the river as they walked across the bridge. The bright moon basked the street with a bright light, taking his breath away.

"It's home," Dia responded with a hint of agreement and a cheerful glow.

A block of flats emerged at the end of the street, and she turned to face the gentleman who had walked her home. "This is me." She explained, and he nodded, wringing his hands together, not quite knowing what to say. "Thank you for walking me, you really didn't have to." She added, lost for words.

Frustrated by his brain's inability to form a coherent sentence, rocking on the balls of his feet, an indication of his nerves, Charlie closed his eyes in exasperation, clenching and unclenching his fists. He breathed in through his nose and opened his eyes on his exhale to see the beautiful girl watching him, concern etched in her features. It was enough to convince Charlie to speak from his heart. "Dia, I..." He swallowed, his voice suddenly hoarse. The muscular organ in his chest was beating so quickly, the thumping was almost audible.

"Dia, y-you are amazing. I've never met someone s-so strong, so p-passionate. Y-your smile revitalises my mornings and I-I want to see you more. I know that I am awkward and m-my words d-don't always mean what I intend to s-say and I just...What I a-am trying to s-say... Is w-will you go out with me?" Charlie took another deep breath, cringing at how terrible his stammer had been. He felt the heat in his cheeks and took slow breaths, to help regain control of his breathing, despising every second of anticipation that pulsed between them as he waited for a response.

Dia took half a step closer to him, a small simper gracing her lips. When she thought back to her conversation with Rebecca, she had been so sure that she wasn't ready to pursue a relationship. Hearing Charlie verbalise his feelings, however, it only confirmed that she felt the same way. Dia knew deep down that she would only be hurting herself if she didn't consider what he was suggesting. Her heart pounded at the idea of being able to spend more time with Charlie, to feel that wash of safety that he brought him whenever he entered her presence and she made her decision.



"...I understand if you w-wouldn't e-ever w-want to see m-me again." Wait, what she missed? " I just n-needed to t-tell you just how i-incredible you are b-but I won't p-push you into anything..." He rattled on, and her grin widened; as she watched him nervously dig his toes in the gavel. Charlie was too cute at times.

Wait, what she missed? "Last Christmas has a preview release on Saturday," Dia informed him, hoping he would get the hint as she interrupted his stream of endless speech.

"...You don't have t-to say yes...Hmm?" Charlie looked up so quickly, his neck almost cricked and his eyebrows furrowed in confusion.

"Last Christmas, it's a new rom-com coming out. It's got Emma Thompson in it, from Harry Potter." She repeated, her hazel eyes twinkling in amusement.

"O-oh, that's n-nice." He nodded, wringing his hands together restlessly.

"Yeah." She nodded, pausing to see if he would understand what she was trying to say. He didn't. "I was planning to go alone on Saturday but..."

Charlie's innocent, green eyes enlarged animatedly, as he finally understood her intended meaning.

"Wait...Are y-you...are you s-suggesting we go together?"

She nodded shyly, a small blush appearing on her face as she chewed her lower lip, as shyness washed over once more. "That is if you want to come with me?" Her tone was equally as nervous as she added: "If you don't like rom-coms, we could see something else? I know rom-coms aren't quite everyone's cup of tea..."

He shook his head and Dia could see the confidence grow with his smile. He was glowing. "N-no, rom-coms a-are great." He agreed. "I could pick you up, o-or you could m-meet m-me at the theatre or..."

"Charlie." She chuckled, placing a hand on his arm. "Why don't we discuss the details tomorrow on the train?" Dia decided, and he expressed his agreement. "Unless, erm, y-you want to come in for a cup of tea or coffee?"

If Charlie's lips could spread any wider in a smile than they would. Until reality settled in.

"I would, I would love to in fact, but I need to get the train back, and services stop in thirty minutes or so," He grimaced. Getting a taxi back home was the alternative, but Charlie had already purchased his ticket.

"Oh, of course." She nodded in understanding, feeling disappointment wash over her, but she didn't dare let it show. She didn't want him to feel guilty for something that was purely circumstantial, or cause him to be stranded, so instead she glanced her watch, her eyes widening as she realised the time.

"Golly, it's almost midnight." Her breath misted also reminding them of the cold that had frozen their toes. So far, their nerves had done a marvellous job in keeping them warm, the low temperature had been the least of their worries.

"I know, He chuckled. "The evening went by so quickly,"

"Too quickly," Dia responded under her breath, Charlie wasn't too sure if he heard correctly, but her deeper blush only confirmed that he had.

"So, I'll ssss-see you tomorrow." He concluded with a grin.

The duo was stood close enough to one another that had one leaned slightly closer, they would have made contact. Instead, the couple gazed at one another, forest-green meeting brown as they both considered an appropriate way to say goodbye.

Charlie nibbled his lower lip before extending a hand which Dia gripped, both chuckling as they understood the gesture meant something sincerer than a hand-shake.

"Tomorrow," she promised before turning on her heel and entering the building with the yellow lights. Charlie waited until the door closed before looking up the route back to the train station, on his phone.



***

Fortunately, the route to the station was smooth, and the train had arrived on time, so Charlie was home for 12:45 am. The light was on as he entered the home and he sighed, immediately switching it off, out of habit as he removed his shoes, in the dark, the lamp providing ample light. Melissa had obviously forgotten he had an electricity bill to pay.

"Hey!" A voice called out, causing him to jump, as he whipped his head in the direction of the silhouette in the burnt amber light.

"Shoot, I-I'm so sorry." He apologised, flicking the switch. "What are y-you doing up? It's nearly 1 am." His direct question sounded like he was scolding her as he sat in the grey chair opposite the mustard-coloured couch, Melissa had occupied to paint her nails.

"Couldn't sleep." She shrugged, dipping the brush back into the red pot. "So, how was the meeting?" she asked, not raising her gaze as she concentrated on her left foot.

"It was good thanks, how was y-your day?"

"Not bad, I managed to get the rest of my stuff from Bobby's. I hope you don't mind, I've put it all in the spare room."

"It's fine." He acceded, leaning his head against the wall as his fatigue began to seep in. As much as he had enjoyed his day, he was also exhausted from the lack of sleep he'd experienced over the weekend.

Melissa raised her head to defend herself, but her jaw dropped to the floor at the sight of the man before her.

Her intense gaze caused him to shift uncomfortably in the grey chair. "W-what?" He defended.

"Charlie Jackson, what has gotten into you?" She asked, almost accusingly. Her brown eyes stared down at him as she ambled on the balls of her feet, arms stretched like a zombie in an attempt to protect her fresh manicure, as she raised a single, perfect brow.

"Nothing." He defended.

"Don't lie to me." She chuckled, now less than three inches away from him. "You know you can't lie for toffee." Melissa added. "So, who is she?"

Despite Jasper being firm on his hate for his ex-girlfriend, the two were un-cannily alike; it was almost scary. They both had a demanding attitude, and a "need to know" way for everything occurring in Charlie's life. And recently, a special interest had launched in his not so active romance life, and it seemed Melissa was on board with that train of thought too.

"W-what makes y-you think there is a she ?" Charlie sunk his incisors into his bottom lip in an attempt to hide his smile.

she "Please, Charlie, I've known you for years; we've been together since we were kids. You've only ever been like this if there was a girl involved, so spare me the suspense and spill!" Melissa demanded, leaning over him, trapping him by the arms of the chair.

"Don't you think it w-will b-be awkward?" He winced but stopped when she shook her head, moving back slightly, her excitable grin morphing into a soft smile.

"Charlie," She sighed, "You're my oldest friend...my best friend. And I know I hurt you and I am so, so sorry for that," He could see the sincerity in her brown eyes, but remained silent as she continued, perching at the edge of his coffee table. Another pet-peeve it seemed she and Jasper had in common. "I know it's going to take time, but I can be patient, I want to earn your trust again. And I want you to be happy, so no, it wouldn't be awkward. Not in the slightest..." Charlie gaped at her as she trailed off her sentence. This was the first time that they had acknowledged what had happened a little over a year ago, and for once Charlie felt that he could believe her. He still didn't trust Melissa wholeheartedly, but he knew his childhood friend remained beneath the exterior she preferred to maintain. It was a genuine apology that allowed him to nod softly and return her smile.

It didn't take long for her eyes to blaze and her wicked smirk to return. "Now, tell me about this girl that's got your head up in cloud nine."

And so Charlie did. He spoke about how he had noticed Dia, the chatterbox, on the train and how she was working with an author who had been employed by his company. He decided to not mention the amnesia as he knew Melissa would have hundreds of questions, and he was exhausted. Instead, he detailed how he was always a nervous wreck when talking to Dia and how he felt embarrassed. Still, she seemed to understand him on a level that was unparalleled to anyone, including Jasper. Charlie also told Melissa about their arranged date and the unusual feeling of both motion-sickness and excitement. He just couldn't believe that she had agreed.

As Charlie told Melissa his truth, he realised that these were emotions that he hadn't felt for her. When he had dated Melissa it was out of comfort, they had been a part of one another's lives for so long that a relationship was easy. There was no excitement, at least not to the intensity that he felt with Dia and Melissa couldn't be happier for him. It didn't mean that he had entirely forgiven Melissa for her mistakes but it was clear that she was still the girl he had been raised with.

And Melissa showcased this. She released tears of joy and excitement and anchored onto every word, questioning him further when he attempted to forbear the details; demonstrating her genuine interest. After he had finished, she leaned back onto the couch, looking up at the ceiling with a look of contentment. The blonde truly was happy for her oldest friend.

"Well, it looks like I can't stay after all." She commented in thought.

"Hmm, what makes you say that? I've already o-ordered an airbed, it will be here tomorrow. And it c-cost me a bloody fortune," He grumbled, watching her in slight annoyance.

"Charlie." She scolded. "What sort of woman would be happy about her potential boyfriend living with his ex-girlfriend?"

"I know that, but as you said, w-we are only friends. Y-you don't have a-anywhere to l-live."

"Yes, but she won't think of it like that. Have you told her?"

"Y-yes" Melissa blinked, raising her head to meet his eyes, her expression one full of surprise.

"And, she took it well?"

"She didn't h-have a problem with it." Melissa shook her head in disbelief.

"Charlie, I can't stay here. I refuse to be the reason that this doesn't work out for you." She told him straightforwardly. He could only nod in agreement. When Melissa was firm a decision, he had no power to change her mind, it had been that way since they were children.

"But w-where will you go?" He asked, moving the conversation on to the plans she must have had in mind.

"I, erm, I'm meeting up with my sister this week. If all goes well, she might let me move in while I save up." Charlie knew it was a big step for Melissa to ask for help from her siblings. They were never close and knowing her past, he could only express his appreciation in return.

"Thanks, M-Melissa." He told her honestly, with a small smile. As he observed the woman sat opposite him, he thought back to the terrible three years he had endured because of her departure. He considered the prospects of the two rekindling their old friendship, and he couldn't argue that his mind wanted to look past the hurt. She had made a mistake and though he didn't have the details, nor did he want to know; Charlie could at least acknowledge he was stronger now. He could move on.

"Right, well it's time for me to hit the hay," She announced, waddling towards her room. "Night Charlie," Melissa waved, and he smiled, stifling a yawn as he returned to his own bedroom, ready for sleep to take over once more. He had prepared his alarm early to ensure he was punctual; changed into his most comfortable pyjamas, and switched off all light sources so that he couldn't be disturbed. The excitement of seeing Dia in only a few hours made his heart pound with exhilaration. It was going to be another great day.

A.N.

Goodness, we're in a new decade people! Happy New Year!

I hope you had the most amazing night the and first few days have been wonderful.

Thank you so much for all those who have continued to be on this journey with me, it truly means a lot. Your votes and comments mean so much, I am just in awe of you all!

Here's to a brand new year of new stories, adventure and fun!

Love Aamenah <3





Cover by: Schnatzischatzi

Schnatzischatzi





Chapter 10.


The week could not have progressed any slower for Charlie. He had only seen Dia twice on the train; Tuesday where they discussed the logistics of their date and on Thursday in passing. She had noticed him and waited at the Pumpkin cafe, where he ordered his coffee regularly, and it had been Robyn to point her out to him. Dia was in a hurry and as a result, couldn't stay for long, only offering a brief hello before rushing off to work.

Jasper could tell what days Charlie had seen Dia. He was already in a better mood but seeing Dia on the train led to a different type of happiness that radiated off him, it was infectious. The red-head was immensely proud of his introverted friend for making the first move and delighted when he discovered Dia had said yes. From what Rebecca had told him, Dia was an excellent match for Charlie; they complemented one another well.

Now, finally, the day of their date had arrived, and Charlie was struggling with making even the most uncomplicated of decisions. Melissa was sat opposite him, at the small island, watching as he considered whether it was better to eat porridge or to just have a cup of coffee for breakfast.

"Just have both!" Melissa suggested, growing slightly irritated. She had been watching him for 16 minutes, as his eyes scanned over the box of cereal, before flickering back to the coffee granules in the jar.

"I c-can't do this" He sighed, running a hand over his face, maintain his gaze on the granite.

"What do you mean, you can't do this?"

"I-I can't go, I-I'm such an idiot. Why d-did I ask h-her out?" He pulled at his hair in frustration, staring at the kettle and the empty bowl in front of him. Charlie grumbled something incoherent under his breath before walking into his room, slamming the door behind him. It was a firm warning that he needed some space and the blonde woman could only sigh in response.

With a small sigh, she tapped her red nails on the table in thought. After a few moments of consideration, she unlocked her mobile and scrolled down to find a contact she hadn't rung in almost 18 months.

"What do you want?" His voice almost snarled through the phone, the third time she rang. The first two times Jasper had deliberately avoided her call, it was evident by the immediate voicemail response. Still, Melissa didn't flinch at his harshness, she had been expecting it, and instead jumped straight to the point.

"I need your help." She stated, taking a sip of her tea as he scoffed.

"Help, why would I help you ?"

you "It's not me, it's about Charlie, you dingus." She knew the penny had dropped when his silence deafened her, momentarily.

"Is he freaking out about the date?"

"Yup." She popped the p sound for effect, thumbing the rim of her cup as she waited for his response.

p "Give me ten minutes." the beep alerted her that he had hung up the phone and she took her mug into the lounge and switched on the TV. Though she couldn't quite focus on the screen, she needed the ambient noise to settle her loud thoughts as she considered what more she could do.

Having known Charlie for years, she knew it would be pointless to try and comfort him. He needed to be spoken directly, and it seemed only Jasper had the power to do so. She had never told him, but she had always been thankful to God for introducing the two best friends to one another. Charlie had jumped out his shell the moment they had met, and their friendship was admirable.

Melissa had always wished to be that catalyst for Charlie, and with her, he was confident. But it was the friendship that spanned decades that had allowed that, not her personality. Not her regretfully, twisted way of loving him, of trying to keep him close to her. And when she left, he had never called her back, despite her attempts to rekindle their friendship. It was clear that Melissa relied on Charlie in a similar way to how he depended on Jasper, and apparently, the girl on the train. Before envy could turn her face green, the doorbell rang, distracting her negative thoughts.



It had been twelve minutes since she had called, and the auburn-haired man, wrapped in a thick coat and winter accessories, fell through the door, rubbing his hands together as he entered the warmth.

"Is it really that cold?" She asked as he slipped off his shoes.

He gave her a pointed look, as he removed his gloves. Jasper was in no mood for small talk, even if the conversation was as classic as the current weather. "Where is he?"

She pointed to Charlie's bedroom door before going back to the lounge, crossing her legs on the couch, as she waited anxiously. Her chocolate-brown eyes landed on the clock on the opposite wall; Jasper didn't have long to reassure Charlie. He was still in his pyjamas and hadn't eaten anything for the past ten hours, stressed about what today could bring.

Charlie heard his bedroom door open and close behind as someone entered his self-pity quarters. "Leave m-me alone, Melissa," He complained, his voice muffled by the duvet as he was lying on his stomach.

"It's just me, mate," Jasper announced. Charlie looked up in surprise, his raised brows asking his friend why he had arrived.

why "Melissa called." He shrugged casually, removing the scarf and coat that now felt suffocating in the warmer temperature. "Want to tell me what's going on?"

Charlie sighed, turning onto his back, remaining silent as his mind attempted to piece together the words. "I-I just, I don't know. This just f-f-feels wrong." He eventually revealed.

Jasper sat at the edge of the bed, a grim expression down pulling down his lips. "What feels wrong , exactly?"

wrong "I-I don't know," He confessed. "I feel like I've known her for m-months, but a-at the same time, we haven't known each o-other for that long. This just s-seems to be going a little f-fast."

"Charlie, she wouldn't have agreed if she thought it was going too fast." Jasper pointed out with a small smile. "The whole point of going out on a date is to get to know one another. You can't find out about her past, but there are other things, like her mannerisms and her personality. This is how you get to know someone, how you measure if you are compatible. You've only seen so much from the train and our meetings but so far it seems positive, and Dia must be thinking the same thing."

Charlie listened intently to every word his best friend was telling him. "Y-you don't think it's going t-too fast?" He repeated his thoughts, implying a question that he desperately sought the answer to.

"No, not at all but if you want to cancel, I am sure Dia will understand."

Charlie considered this option before shaking his head. He couldn't do that to her. "No, I want to go. I-I want to see her."

"Well, there's your answer. What time did you guys plan to meet?"

"11:00 am."

"Great, that still gives you..." Jasper checked his watch. "Twenty minutes to find something to wear and have something to eat before you get the train."

"How did y-you know I haven't eaten yet?"

Jasper raised an eyebrow with a smirk. "You didn't eat for a solid day before your management interview, and you were a shoo-in for the job. I have a suspicious feeling you'd be feeling much worse, and if you have eaten in say, the past 10 hours, you would have thrown up from the nerves."

Charlie rolled his eyes, but a small smile appeared on his face. "Alright." He finally agreed, getting off his bed. "I'll have s-some breakfast."

It didn't take much deliberation for him to decide on a cup of coffee and a packet of lotus biscuits.



"Is that it?" Jasper asked as Charlie joined him and Melissa in the lounge. Despite their palpable animosity, they seemed rather comfortable sitting on the couch together. Charlie was sat opposite, on the grey chair.

"This is more than enough." He responded, dipping the malt biscuit into the hot drink. The TV stole their attention, the weather-person explaining the freak cold that Jasper had been caught up in, upon arrival.

"Crikey, they're thinking of stopping the trains up north," Melissa commented as the two men listened carefully. The Beast from the East was back, this time full throttle and much earlier than the previous year.

"Come on, mate, let's find you something to wear." Jasper decided, getting off the couch, he didn't want Charlie to have anything else to worry about. Charlie stood up begrudgingly as did Melissa but with a smile of excitement on her face.

"What?" she asked innocently when the two men looked at her, confused. "You don't think I wouldn't be involved in this. My career is in fashion, you're going to need me for this." She led the way back to Charlie's room and thrust open the cupboard doors.

"Okay...Jasper, what's the temperature?"

"3 degrees." She shivered at the thought before pulling out a burgundy crew-neck jumper and a white shirt to wear underneath. She paired the look with a pair of straight, black jeans and Charlie agreed instantly. It was smart but casual and most important of all, comfortable.

"Thanks." He smiled, taking the clothes from her gratefully.

"No problem." She grinned, using her index finger to toss her long blonde hair over her shoulder. Jasper followed her out, allowing Charlie to change and greeted him with a black beanie, gloves and scarf when he emerged.

"Alright, Melissa, I'll s-see you tonight." He announced, sliding on a pair of lace-up boots.

"Have fun." She waved from the couch, watching the two men depart. It seemed like an unspoken agreement that Jasper would follow him to the cinema to help keep him calm.

***

"So, what are you wearing?" Rebecca asked through the speakerphone as Dia peered through her vast collection of clothes, she had accumulated since her hospital release.

"I don't know, I don't have many winter clothes. Maybe that jumper you bought me for Christmas last year?" She pulled the red jumper and placed it against her body, judging herself in the mirror.

"No, don't wear that!" Rebecca scolded, and Dia rolled her eyes with an amused smile. Deep down, she agreed, it was a little too casual. "What about that grey jumper dress?"

too "The one with the yellow stripe?"

"Yeah!" Dia repeated her previous action, pulling the dress from her cupboard and putting it against her. Her silence told Rebecca she had finally found something appropriate, allowing her best friend to enquire further details about her best friend's plans. "So what time are you meeting?"

"We said, 11 am."

"Well, you best get a move on, it's already 10:30. Were you thinking of styling your hair?"

"You know I don't know how to do that." Dia reminded her with a chuckle. "I'm just going to keep it out and put my grey beanie on. It's absolutely freezing today," She added, glancing at the white clouded sky, through her window.

"I want pictures." Rebecca sang as Dia slipped on the dress and scrunched up her hair so that it looked like there was some level of volume. Rebecca had planned to come over and help her get ready for her first official date. Their plans foiled however when Jonathon was called into work last minute, leaving Rebecca to take Tyler to his annual check-up at the vet's.



"I'll send them," Dia promised, positioning the hat over the mess she had created on her head. "I'm going now, I'll ring you tonight."

"Ring me?" Rebecca chuckled. "Hun, I'm staying over." Rebecca invited herself, adding a smile to Dia's nervous expression. After she took a few outfit pictures to send to her friend, she slid on a pair of ankle boots over her tights and placed her red coat over shoulders before locking the door and leaving the complex.

The cold instantly attacked her as Dia walked the short distance to the car parked on the street. Feeling even more so grateful for her warmer coat, she greeted the cab driver, observing the greenery masked in white frost, from the window as she relayed her destination.

The cinema was only a twenty-minute drive away, and so she had booked the taxi so that she would be dropped off at five to 11. What Dia hadn't expected, that as a result of the sudden freeze, there to be road closures resulting in traffic and a longer route. The driver had been kind enough to warn her of the congestion, but she resisted messaging Charlie, just in case he panicked.

At her expected arrival time, she fumbled through her bag to find her phone and clicked on his contact to call him. He answered after the second ring.

"H-hello?"

"Charlie, hi..."

"Is everything o-okay?" She could already hear the alarm in his tone, and she shifted uneasily, knowing that she was the cause. If only she had left earlier, Dia scolded herself.

"Yes everything is great, I'm just on my way, but I've hit a spot of traffic. I'm so sorry." She could hear his sigh of relief.

"So y-you're definitely coming?"

"Yes of course, unless you mind waiting..."

"No, no, of course not! T-take your time." His kind words caused her heart to flutter in reassurance, finally allowing her excitement to sink in. Dia had been looking forward to their date ever since it had been arranged. Knowing that Charlie would willingly wait for her, triggered a warmth inside that not even the cold could congeal.

"I'll see you soon." She promised, cutting the line with a promise, leaning back into the heated seats of the taxi; she hadn't expected it to be so cold for mid-November.

"Fella's waiting for you then?" The driver asked, smiling at her through the rear-view mirror.

"Yup." She confirmed with a grin.

"Well, it'll be about ten minutes so he won't be waiting for long." The driver pressed harder on the accelerator as the light turned green and by the time she arrived, it was 11:14 am.

"Thank you." She paid her fare and told him to keep the change as a tip, hurrying through the chill and into the cinema, the warmth immediately melting the ice in her bones.

Charlie was in her line of sight, holding a box of popcorn and the movie tickets, tapping his foot, eyes firmly fixated on the door. He broke out into a wide smile at the sight of Dia and stood up, making his way towards her. Jasper had waited with him until Dia had ran, confirming her arrival. After he felt assured Charlie was going to be okay, he had departed, having made plans to meet a friend for the rest of the day.

"I'm so sorry!" She exclaimed when they were just over one arm's length distance away from one another.

"It's not your fault." He shook his head, comfortingly. Not looking at where he was going, his left foot caught the edge of a nearby table, and he staggered forward, the popcorn spilling out of the box as it hit the floor.

Dia watched the popcorn pieces scatter in slow motion, a hand instantly clamped against her mouth to muffle her shock. A wave of empathy overflowed her as she lowered her hand and smiled at him reassuringly. But Charlie was too distressed to realise that the minor accident was okay.



"I-I'm s-so sorry," Charlie exclaimed, the blood in his face rushing to the surface as he looked around frantically, in search of some help. Fortunately, a member of staff had noticed. Equipped with a dustpan and brush, he began to clean up the mess as Charlie apologised profusely to him, once more.

"I'm so sorry." Charlie apologised once more. "I-I w-wasn't looking where I was g-going, I was just excited t-to see my, erm, f-friend. She had a b-bit of trouble getting here you see, so I was just happy she c-came and I d-don't know what came over me..." The worker glanced at Charlie, slightly confused but nodded his head as if to say "no harm done."

"Erm..." Charlie's face reddened even further when he realised that Dia had just heard everything he had said. He rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly, his heart hammering at the thought.

Dia's eyes were as wide as saucers at what Charlie had just said to the employee. She had noticed that he had paused on calling her his friend and had experienced the most peculiar feeling; she didn't like it. Deciding not to draw attention to the matter, Charlie was already as red as a tomato, she changed the subject.

"Hi..." she grinned in the realisation that they hadn't even greeted each other just yet. "How are you?"

"Hello." He chuckled, coming to the same conclusion. "I-I'm okay," He nodded with a smile. "You?"

"I'm great." She chirped. "So, erm shall we get some more popcorn?" Dia asked, and he nodded, taking deep breaths to calm his racing heart. She walked around the mess, and linked their hands, leading him to the building queue for snacks and drinks.

Charlie's heart stopped beating when she interlinked their fingers, and he couldn't help but feel it was what he needed. A simple squeeze, made his heart stop and reset, pumping blood around his body at a steadier pace.

"What time is the showing?" Dia tried to peer at the orange tickets, but his thumb was covering the time.

"I w-wasn't sure what t-time you'd get here, so I got the 12:00 showing." she nodded in understanding. By the time they got the new popcorn, it would be about time they entered the screening.

Charlie took several deep breaths, practising his mindfulness techniques before saying his next line, fluently. "Would you like a Tango ice blast?" he asked as they neared the counter. "Or nachos?"

"Oh, what's an ice-blast?"

Charlie's eyes widened, her jaw lowering in surprise. "What's an ice blast?" He echoed. "It's o-only the best thing to b-buy from a cinema. It's a Tango flavoured slushie."

"Oh...well I think the weather is a little too cold for that, maybe another time?" she suggested with a small chuckle, and his heart melted at the thought. This date had barely begun and he'd already made a fool of himself, yet she had mentioned another time.

another "What can I get you guys?" the woman at the counter asked.

Charlie turned to Dia. "What f-flavour popcorn would you like?"

"What did you order the first time?" She responded.

"Erm, sweet but i-ff you like salty..."

"Sweet is perfect." She confirmed with a bright smile. It seemed like another thing they had in common.

"Can I get a large sweet popcorn and a m-medium ice-blast? Please."

"Certainly." Dia turned to Charlie, slightly surprised by his order.

"What?" He chuckled. "I think it's a perfect w-weather for one." He teased, to which she playfully rolled her eyes.

Much to Dia's dismay, Charlie purchased the snacks and passed her the popcorn immediately in case of another mishap. They were permitted entry to the screen and took the middle seats, three rows from the top. Spotlights, on either side of the theatre, began to dim as the last people entered the screening and Charlie settled in his seat.

Dia sat down comfortably, placing her coat over her cold body to act as a blanket of sorts, with the popcorn settled on her lap so that it was in Charlie's reach. Looking around her, Dia realised that the armrest was positioned for the two to hold hands. She had instinctively taken his hand earlier, knowing it would provide some level of comfort that words couldn't stipulate. The act was endearing, but she didn't want to push Charlie further, in the emotional turmoil he was already in, and so waited patiently. Secretly hoping he would take her hand in his.

Charlie stared at Dia's hand that was just hanging off the rest, to his right. Should he take it? Charlie considered the question as the trailers began to roll. The warmth and contentment that he felt when his ampler hand, encompassed her small, was one that made his body tingle with excitement. A simple gesture felt like home.

Should he take it? He contemplated the idea, knowing that to hold her hand was what he wanted. Attempting to surpass the anxieties that arose from the contact, he asked himself a simple question: what would Jasper do? The answer was simple, and hesitantly, he weaved his fingers through hers as the room turned dark. Since entering the screen, the two had only commented on trailers, identifying the films that genuinely looked good, and the ones that would have been better to watch at home. And by commenting, Charlie meant Dia was asserting, and he agreed with her, with a few "umms" and "aahs". She had paused fleetingly when his hand touched hers, but Charlie felt a hum in his chest as she reciprocated the action; threading his fingers through her own.

what would Jasper do? He glanced towards her just as the opening scene appeared and found that she too had turned in his direction. Her beautiful warm eyes ignited with predilection and enthusiasm, and they offered each other shy simpers, as she squeezed his hand once more as the eventually movie began.

A.N.

Suprise! an update aha. I know it's not due for another few days, but this chapter works with the next one, so I thought I would give you both aha. The second part will be updated on Saturday, but for now, I hope you all enjoyed this. Let me know your comments and thoughts 😊.

Love, Aamenah <3





Chapter 11.


Charlie didn't realise just how much fun watching a movie could be. Dia was so animated; he found her reactions even more entertaining than the storyline. Not to say that the film wasn't enjoyable, despite the plot, it was hilarious, but what could one expect from a great cast? Dia was just so invested; Charlie couldn't help but focus his attention on her instead of the screen.

fun It was Dia's laugh that enthralled him. It was rather peculiar, not quite a giggle or a full-blown chuckle but it suited her perfectly. Of course, being so invested did have its drawbacks within the film, especially during the emotional moments. Charlie hadn't expected Dia to cry, but she did, and it was at those scenes; he realised just how vulnerable she was.

Naturally, of course, he provided her with tissues at the more difficult parts during the film, gripping her hand slightly harder in reassurance. The whispered "Are you okay's?" helped break a smile back on to her face yet, Charlie still felt a little hopeless.

The film was based on Wham! music, and to his surprise, Dia knew most of the songs. Charlie was a little too young for Wham! He remembered it being played on the radio during his childhood and of course knew the songs that had continued to have a presence such as "Freedom" and "Last Christmas", but his knowledge was limited outside of that. So Dia knowing the majority, was exciting and he was desperate to understand how this came to be.

"That was amazing." She sniffled, as the credits began to roll, wiping under her eyes with her free hand. She was slightly embarrassed that she had cried throughout, but Dia couldn't help herself. The storyline resonated with her and Charlie had been such a sweetheart. Her heart was aching in joy.

"What did you think of it?" She asked, hoping to take the attention away from herself, the look of concern was evident on his face.

"It was great." He responded, slightly unsure, as they stood up to gather their belongings. Their hands unravelled to put on their coats. Instantly, as soon as his black protection was on his shoulders, her hand made contact once more. It felt natural. "Are y-you okay?"

"I'm...extraordinary." She smiled, and he mirrored her expression, looping his fingers with hers.

"Do you erm, want a c-coffee?"

She nodded in response, recognising that she wasn't quite ready to leave yet. The movie had been incredible, but they hadn't actually held a proper conversation. They walked outside the complex to the Costa he had spotted on his way from the station. They made themselves comfortable, and Dia was insistent that she bought the drinks as he had paid for the cinema tickets and popcorn.

She soon returned with the tray and sat opposite the brunette, pulling her chai latte closer to her. The cinnamon scent invoked warmth within her and made her stomach grumble in anticipation as she inhaled the strong scent.

They offered each other bashful smiles, each taking a sip of their hot drinks. The question was bubbling within Charlie, and it tumbled out before he could articulate it politely. "So, you l-like Wham!?"

"Wham?" She questioned, biting back a smile. "Erm sure, its' quite sticky so I don't have it often, but Jonathon, Rebecca's husband, loves it." She commented, slightly confused as to why he would ask her about the chewy, sugar-infused candy.

Charlie furrowed his eyebrows, which Dia reflected before realising that she had misinterpreted his question.

"S-sorry I meant the b-band, do you like their m-music?"

"I can't say I know any of their songs, do you like them?" She responded after a few moments in thought. Once more, Charlie expressed his confusion, and she replaced her mug on the tray in response. Her silence told Charlie that she genuinely had no idea who he was referring to.



"They were good back in the day." He responded to her question first. "Dia, the film was based on Wham! music, you knew the w-words to all the s-songs." Dia could feel the blood rush to her cheeks. Had he heard her singing throughout the whole film? And then she realised what he was suggesting, and her jaw dropped slightly.

Had he heard her singing throughout the whole film? "Wait, all the songs were produced by the same group?" Charlie nodded in confirmation. "Yeah, even the t-title is a Wham! song, do you maybe..." He didn't quite know how to articulate words "do you remember" without feeling the words were invasive. Instead, he remained close-mouthed, not wanting to verbalise any responses in case it interrupted her thoughts.

"do you remember" "Let me just think about it." She announced, and Charlie leaned back, his hand on top of hers, to suggest that she could take as long as she needed.

Dia closed her eyes in concentration, taking slow breaths as she repeated the most iconic song 'Freedom' in her mind. Her fingers tapped against the table as the tune played in her mind, and a familiar blurry image began to become apparent, forcing her heart to race.

She opened her eyes to see Charlie watching her, hope engraved in his expression. A small sigh told him that she hadn't been able to remember anything substantial, and he was careful to mask his woe for her.

"You n-never know, if you k-keep listening to them, s-something might come back." He encouraged feeling guilty for bringing up the topic. Dia responded by taking a sip from her mug, pondering over the blurry image she had seen in her mind. It was the first memory she had procured, since her accident.

"There was something." She mused, running her thumb over the rim of the glass. "It was incredibly brief, but something. " Dia squeezed her eyes shut once more, trying to recollect the image she saw.

something. Charlie felt hope bubble within him once more, but as he took in the woman before him, he felt discombobulated. Dia was in so much pain, and despite hiding it well, he could clearly see on her face that she was still desperately searching for her roots.

Her eyes remained closed as she attempted to articulate what she could see. "It's a woman. Her hair is...my colour but shorter. She... she's washing the dishes, I can see her back." Charlie grasped on to Dia's hand tighter as she began to describe the scene. "The counters are...green, and the tap is silver. The woman, she can't be much smaller than me...I can't see her face, but she's wearing a grey cardigan and black straight trousers. I-I know that cardigan but..."

Charlie watched as she squeezed her eyes tighter before releasing and opening her eyes, looking pale. "A-are you okay?" He asked, and she shook her head.

"I-I feel a little sick." She responded after a few moments of stressful silence. Charlie's eyes widened; tears, he could deal with, putrid vomit, on the other hand, unlikely.

"Shit." He whispered the curse, rubbing his free hand through his curls. Dia glanced up at the anxious man as she took slow, deep breaths. "Dia, I-I don't know what to do? I-I..." He began to fluster. "I- what can I-I do? Sh-shall I call Rebecca?"

"Charlie." She squeaked as the man in front of her began to sweat. "Charlie, I'm fine, but I need you to breathe with me okay." Her watering eyes instantly dried as she grabbed his other hand, forcing his attention on her.

"I-I'm okay." She reassured him. "But you need to breathe...with me okay...inhale...exhale." He followed her directions, and after a few moments, his face began to turn to its original colour. Dia practised the technique with him and felt her nausea pass.

"Do you, erm, want some water?" She asked, removing the bottle from her bag.

"Y-you first." He responded, shakily. She took a small sip to appease him before passing it over. Charlie drank greedily, but Dia didn't mind, already she could see he was feeling slightly better.



"I am s-so sorry." He apologised with an expression of pure horror, refusing to meet her eye-gaze. "I-I should be the o-one comfort- comforting y-you, not the other w-way around." Charlie's eyes blurred with unshed tears, not knowing what else to say. He felt terrible. Of course, his anxiety would decide to make an appearance when the woman he liked needed him most.

y-you, "Charlie," Dia announced his name proudly. He refused to meet her gaze, but she continued to speak nonetheless. "You did help me. Breathing with you helped me, thinking of my past helped me. Had you not mentioned Wham!, I may not have ever had that memory. You've given me something I never thought I would have had." She sniffled as a single tear dripped, as the reality of the situation began to settle in.

did Charlie gulped, unable to speak. Her words sounded melodious, but as much as she tried, it failed to reassure his doubt. Dia was unsure what else to say. "Do you want to get out of here?" She suggested, and he sighed, apology evident in his green eyes.

They stood up, asked the woman at the counter to put their drinks into takeaway cups, and Dia led him from the cafe, down the road to the park. They sat next to one another, opposite the pond, a white cloud hovering low as a result to the freeze. Their jaws were quivering, but the crisp air that froze their faces was a comfort.

"I-I'm so s-sorry that I'm s-such a c-crappy date." Charlie sighed, his voiced warmed with emotion as he gripped onto his cup with both hands.

"You are not a crappy date." She stated with a firm tone, her steadfastness gained his attention and eye contact. "I think today has been wonderful."

His mouth formed an "oh" in surprise; he had never expected Dia to be so direct.

"...And I would, erm, I'd really like to do this again." She dropped her brown eyes onto their entwined hands as her rouge began to deepen, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear, nervously.

"Y-you still w-want to g-go out with m-me? E-even after m-my anxiety..." He whispered.

"Charlie, that's ridiculous!" She interrupted, still avoiding his gaze. "Your anxiety is a part of you, just like my memory loss is a part of me." She simpered, keeping her gaze lowered.

Charlie watched the woman next to him as she spoke, in surprise. He couldn't understand why such a beautiful person was willing to look past his flaws, but her words, they touched him.

"I never thought that I would find someone who could be so accepting of the monstrous burden, that I carry. I don't know the first thing about my history, and yet here you are, willing to look past that. The first person to not freak out or force me to try and remember something, something that could potentially be really bad." She released a breath, and in the moment's gap, Charlie found his ability to speak.

"It's apart o-of you Dia, and I-I think you're i-incredible for being able t-to wake up every m-morning and look at all of the p-positives. It's n-not something you should b-be afraid of t-telling the world." He rubbed small rings at the back of her hand. "It's a part of you, and I think y-your p-personality is m-more important..." The confession was at the tip of his tongue.

"So you can understand how I feel about your stammer then." He froze, not expecting her to say that. "Charlie, when Rebecca told me that she wanted me to spend time with you...At first, I was really unsure. Technically you were still a stranger, but that day, when we spoke on the train for the first time, it changed things and today, everything just confirmed why this could work...for me at least." She added the last three words anxiously, the question; what if he doesn't feel the same? At the forefront of her mind.

what if he doesn't feel the same? "B-but t-today has b-been terrible..."

She shook her head with a small, sad smile. "Charlie, when are you going to realise that you have blinded yourself from all the good things you've done today. You bought the tickets and didn't mind for a second that I was late. You then bought the snacks, and you were amazing during the film." She released a watery chuckle. "I've never met someone with so many tissues on them!"

He laughed, turning pink but not because of the cold. "And you showed you cared Charlie. If that isn't what any girl wants in this world, then I must be the oddity because what could be better than that?"

Charlie didn't know what to say. He was speechless, and Dia was in shock. Had she really just said all of that? Realising that she wouldn't be able to take it back, not that she wanted to, she stood up, rubbing her hands together because of the chill.

Had she really just said all of that? "Do you...will you have dinner with me? Tonight." She asked tentatively. A small smile made its way on to Charlie's face.

"I-I would love to." He agreed, astounded that she would be so willing to bypass the day they had shared.

"Come on, then, let's go shopping!" Her grin widened in excitement.

"Don't y-you want to g-go to a restaurant?"

"No, we will be waiting around for a while then, and I'm not hungry just yet; it's only 4 pm. We could cook together and eat it while it's hot." The idea sounded heavenly to Charlie, and after a moment of pondering, he firmly bobbed his head with a sincere smile.

"L-let's do it."

A.N.

Hi lovely readers! I hope all is well!

So this week Charlie and Dia came second on the White Wolves Awards, how insane is that!

I couldn't be more thankful to you all for supporting me.

I've also finally got a cover that actually relates to the story! (What do you guys think?) x

I hope you all enjoy this chapter and please let me know your thoughts

Love, Aamenah <3





Song: King by Lauren Aquilina (this works so perfectly, its unreal aha).





Chapter 12.


They walked to the large Tesco's located on the opposite side of the park and Charlie pushed the trolley as Dia began to put items into the basket. Her shelves were nearing empty and so she decided to complete her weekly shop, while she was there.

"Is there anything you need?" She asked politely as they passed the frozen section.

"Ice cream." He remembered with a small chuckle. Melissa had eaten her way through all three tubs as part of her 'heartbreak recovery', and he was desperately in need of some more. They entered the section and Dia opened the door of the floating freezer shelf.

"What flavour?" She asked, her mouth-watering at the sight of the variety of flavours.

"Erm, rocky road, c-cookie dough and salted caramel please." She turned to him in surprise, and he blushed slightly.

"I l-like ice-cream" he defended, shyly.

"I do too," She responded, amused; standing on her tip-toes only to realise she was too short of reaching the ice-cream on the top-shelf.

"Can you help me?" She asked, blushing in embarrassment, and he complied, standing behind her to grab the three requested flavours. The sudden contact cause Dia's face to tinge rouge and her heart race, but she attempted to remain casual. Little did she know, Charlie was feeling the same. His ears had tinged red, in addition to the redness that had appeared on his cheeks seconds before.

"Do y-you want any?" He asked.

"Just a cookie dough please." She responded, and he placed the tub in her hands, followed by an additional salted caramel container, which she suspected was also for Charlie. "Thank you."

They put the ice creams in the trolley, and she couldn't help but comment at the sight. One or two tubs were normal, but four, it was more than her monthly supply. "Is ice cream your favourite dessert?"

"It is!" He confirmed with a grin. "Melissa ate my whole stock as part of her r-recovery." He winced when he realised what he had just said, but Dia simply smiled. Deep down, she was curious about his current living arrangement, and she was itching to know more.

"Dia, I-I need y-you to know that I-I," He cleared his throat. "I don't erm, see her, Melissa, l-like that a-anymore. She's just a friend and, erm, what I am tr-trying to say i-is that I've moved on." He confirmed. Dia bit her lip, hiding her nervous smile. It wasn't a confession, but it eased the qualms she had felt the moment he had mentioned his ex-girlfriend's name.

Boldly, she interlaced their hands once more and led Charlie to the next aisle, as he pushed the trolley. They were both grateful that neither wanted to carry on the conversation; silently acknowledging it didn't need to be discussed further. Charlie had been honest, and he had eased her doubt. His word compelling her to solicit her irresolute.

They returned to Dia's apartment complex, finding comfort in conversation about anything and everything. The mundaneness of the situation was welcomed by the duo, and the simplicity of their journey was pleasant.

"Your place is lovely." Charlie embraced the warmth of the apartment as he removed his shoes and coat by the front door. "I l-like the colour yellow." He took in the entrance walls that matched his sofa, back in his apartment.

"Thanks, me too!" she responded brightly. "So, what did you want to eat?" She asked as she began to empty the grocery bags.

"Well..." He pondered for a few moments. "I'm pretty good at cooking...so w-why don't I cook?"

Dia, blinked, slightly surprised, her lips pulling into a wide smile. "Really? I don't mind helping."

Charlie shook his head with a small smile. "No, really, I insist. L-let me do something right." She frowned, but he didn't question her expression. "Why d-don't you just sit a-at the table?" He pointed at the dining table for two that leant on the side, which was in full view of the small kitchenette.



"Okay, Chef Charlie." Dia saluted and obliged with an amused grin. It was nice to see Charlie feeling comfortable in her own home, so much so that he even wanted to cook. "What are you making this evening?"

"I can make a-a pretty mean lasagne," he suggested. "But you're vegetarian. How did that c-come to be, if you don't m-mind me asking?"

"I was given meat at the hospital, and let's just say it didn't agree with me." She wrinkled her nose at the memory. "So as much as I am for saving animal lives, the primary reason is that I just don't like the taste." Dia chuckled.

"Well, that makes sense." He smiled. "W-would you ever be willing to try it again?"

Dia shrugged her shoulders, in thought. "Maybe, but not just yet." she decided. "I have fish on occasion though, Rebecca loves it on a Friday night but for now, I've got some Quorn mince in the fridge. Will that would work?" She suggested.

"Yeah, t-that would work." He agreed. Following her instructions, Charlie removed the ingredients from the fridge, and it was fortunate that they had bought lasagne sheets from the store.

"Do you mind if I put o-on some music?" He asked Dia, as he placed the chopped peppers, Quorn and a bunch of spices Dia possessed but never used, into the pot.

"Sure, what do you listen to?" Charlie unlocked his phone and after a few moments began to play ' Can I be him' by James Arthur.

Can I be him' "Oh, I know this." Dia grinned and began to sing along. As the chorus started, Charlie also found himself singing along, giving the two the confidence to sing recklessly and happily off-key.

"What's your favourite song?" He asked as the song ended.

"Erm, ' Roots' by The Reklaws"

Roots' "I can't say I have heard of them," Charlie replied, and Dia unlocked her mobile phone and began to play the song.

"It's country m-music," Charlie commented on the genre, and Dia shrugged her shoulders with a grin.

"Why not?" She giggled as she began to sing along once more. Of course, Charlie didn't know the words, but he was content to sway along to the meaningful lyrics. The next song on Dia's list was ' Rain ' by Ben Platt, and the two sang together harmoniously. Jasper often criticised Charlie for his eclectic music taste, so he was glad that it was something he shared with Dia.

Rain Dia began to move more enthusiastically as the tempo increased, and Charlie found himself holding her hands as they moved around the small kitchen. He twirled her around, mindful of the sharp cabinet edges; a dishtowel on his shoulder as he ignored the food. The couple singing spiritedly with wide grins.

If Dia had been told that 13 months after the accident, that this would happen; that she would be this happy, she would have declared them a liar. She couldn't quite comprehend what she was feeling but knew she was having fun, and that was all that mattered. Charlie made her feel optimistic and considering this was their first date, Dia couldn't believe her lucky stars. She only prayed that this could last forever.

The sudden beep from the fire alarm stopped the couple in their tracks, causing them to freeze.

"Shoot!" Charlie exclaimed, hastily reducing the heat of the burner. Dia hoisted herself onto the table and stood up on her tip-toes to press the button, silencing the premonishing noise. The two looked at each other with surprised expressions and the moment their eyes made contact they burst into fits of giggles.

"Is it...salvageable?" She winced, attempting to look over his shoulder, still stood on the table as he stirred the contents.

"Y-yeah, it's just a little brown, but the sauce will help," he responded in relief. It was no more charred than what he'd have at home, on occasion. The music continued to play, but Dia allowed Charlie to concentrate with the rest of the meal, and quickly sing along, as she swayed her legs to the rhythm. Sat on the edge of the counter, she observed as he expertly layered the lasagne before placing it inside the preheated oven. It looked heavenly.



Twenty-five minutes later, the food was out of the stove, and Charlie was dishing out the meal onto two white plates.

"It smells amazing." Dia chirped, excitably as she took the food into the lounge, Charlie followed with two glasses of water in his hands, placing them on the table.

"I just hope i-it tastes good," He responded woefully, breaking off a small portion with his knife. Dia mirrored him, and he watched as she took a bite, her eyes widening immediately, in delight.

"This is the best lasagne I have ever tasted." She enthused. Charlie wasn't sure if she was exaggerating, but his rumbling stomach forced him to take his own bite. Fortunately, the taste was good, and although he had used a meat-replacement, it was not noticeable.

"Do you want to watch some television?" Dia asked after a few minutes of serene quietude, picking up the remote.

"Sure, w-what do you like to watch...aside from emotional r-rom-coms of course." He added, and she grinned, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear.

"I just finished the second season of Money Heist."

"Money Heist, I love that show. P-put it on!" Charlie insisted, and she proceeded to log into Netflix.

"Shall I start from season 3?" Dia asked, hovering on the episode.

"Yeah, I've already finished it, you'll l-love it." The episode began, and for the first time, the compulsive chatterboxes were silenced by the scenes flashing on the screen.

***

"Dia, I'm here!" The apartment door swung open as a figure entered the home, umbrella dripping on to the laminate as she proceeded to slip off her shoes. Rebecca flicked on the light, and her mouth formed an "oh" in surprise at the sight before her.

Dia was sat on the couch, leaning against Charlie, as they both looked at Rebecca in shock. Their empty dishes had been left abandoned on the table, and Spanish words were being yelled on the screen.

"I can come back?" Rebecca bit her lip to hide her amusement as the two attempted to sit up straight without being too obvious. It was, of course, futile as she had seen them already in the comfortable positons they had settled in.

"N-no, it's okay." Charlie shook his head, standing up. "I-I should g-get going actually. What's the time?" He looked around, searching for a clock.

"It's almost 8:30 pm," Rebecca responded, and the couple's eyes bulged.

"Crikey, already!" Dia responded, surprised by how quickly the time had gone. She stood up and followed Charlie, who had taken the plates from the lounge to place in the sink. He then removed the ice-cream tubs he had kept frozen from the freezer and returned into the small entrance where Dia and Rebecca were standing, Rebecca communicating her excited surprise through her eyes alone.

"Charlie, take my umbrella." Rebecca offered, as he zipped up his coat, that Dia had unhooked for him. Charlie clutched the dripping rain protector, with furrowed his eyebrows, his confusion prompting her to explain. "It's raining cats and dogs out there, you can just give it back to me through Dia." She winked, and he blushed red as she turned her back and entered Dia's room to give the duo some privacy.

"Th-thank you," He responded to the retreating woman, before turning his attention back to Dia. "So, I'll s-see you on Monday?" Deep down, he didn't want to go but now that Rebecca was here, it wouldn't be quite the same. He could see on Dia's face she too wasn't that happy about the end of their date.

"For sure, I'll be boarding the 7:45 am." She grinned. Now came the awkwardness of not knowing how to say goodbye.

He outstretched his hand, and she chuckled reciprocating his handshake, only leaning closer and pressing lips onto his cheek. She felt the heat rush to her face, but deep down, she knew it was right. Charlie's smile reassured her it wasn't too forward and she watched as he departed her home, the door closing behind him.

too "My, my hasn't our Dia grown," Rebecca sang, causing Dia to jump. She rolled her eyes and shook her head with an embarrassed smile.

"I'm just going to change," She informed her best friend, having noticed Rebecca had arrived in her pyjamas. Dia turned into her bedroom, and Rebecca entered the kitchen to scrub the dishes clean, knowing that this would gain favour.

She returned to see that Rebecca had made herself comfortable, cross-legged, on the couch, with her newly bought ice-cream and the TV paused. "I just did your dishes." Her friend defended, heaping another spoonful into her mouth.

"I wasn't going to say anything," Dia responded, but Rebecca knew it was a lie.

"So, young lady, want to tell me why you were sitting alone in the house with a boy?" A single brow was raised, and Dia couldn't help but allow the smile to slip back onto her face. "I want all the details," Rebecca warned her and Dia could only happily respond.

alone She spoke about how he had been incredible during the film and how they had just enjoyed one another's company. Dia detailed how he made her feel excited and proud of how far she had come despite her missing roots and that most importantly, he made her feel safe. She also expressed how she couldn't believe someone like Charlie had been single for so long or how his ex-girlfriend had deserted him but that in a twisted way, she was happy as it meant there was hope for them.

"Oh...and I think I remembered something today," Dia added and Rebecca's eyes widened.

"Oh, my goodness! Really, what was it?"

"It wasn't anything special, just a blurry image?" Rebecca leaned forward as she listened intently. "I guess it's becoming clearer the more I think about it, but it's a girl washing the dishes. Her back is turned but Rebecca, I think she's me."

"Huh, that's peculiar." Rebecca mused after a few moments.

"Yeah, I thought so too. I didn't tell Charlie this, but I could hear a man's voice too." Rebecca entered a trance of professionalism as she listened intently.

"What was he saying?"

"He was singing, but I don't know the song, it was another language." She replayed the words, but she couldn't make any sense of them, it was if the audible quality was terrible despite the clear image.

"I think the memory is from a video," Dia added as an afterthought.

"Well, that would make sense if you think it's you from the back." Dia nodded in response.

"I'm going to book an appointment with Dr Ranj, I was supposed to the other day, after we spoke about the hypnotherapy, but I just haven't got round to it."

"It's because you're in love." Rebecca sang, and Dia rolled her eyes, stifling a yawn.

"Come on, you've kept me up for three hours, I'm going to bed." Dia headed to her bedroom first, tucking herself into the duvet. Although the memory was essential to her, she couldn't help but associate her excitement for Monday and current good mood with Charlie. She heard Rebecca enter the bedroom, and she switched off the light allowing the perfect day to repeat in her mind as she fell fast asleep.

A.N

And that's part three to the date! Hope you all liked the new chapter, I really like the way it ended but I'm more excited about your thoughts!

Have the most fabulous day!

Love, Aamenah <3





Song: Rain- Ben Platt.





Chapter 13.


"Good luck at your appointment!" Dia read the text message, and it eased the nerves that were bubbling in her stomach. She tapped her foot unconsciously as a small smile made its way onto her face.

"Good luck at your appointment!" "Thanks!" She messaged Charlie back. It had been just over a week since their first date, and they had seen one another frequently. They had met up on Friday afternoon for a picnic, and he took her ice skating; another first to add to her wall. They enjoyed one another's companionship and seeing him on the train brightened up her dull mornings. So far, things were going astonishingly well, and Dia was enthralled to see him again, soon.

"Thanks!" "You okay lovely?" Rebecca asked as she walked towards her, two polystyrene cups in her hands.

"I'm okay," Dia responded, taking a long sip from the tea. "Thanks for this."

"Anytime." She took the seat next to her friend, and they waited patiently, in silence.

"Dia." The receptionist announced, and the two women stood up and followed his direction to the first door on the left.

Dr Ranjeet was a small, 35-year-old man that had a grandfather's smile. He was cheerful even on the coldest of days and extended his services to Dia further than what the NHS deemed necessary. The doctor was the first person to show some form of empathy towards the girl with the memory loss, and it was through him, she met her best friend.

"Hello, Dr Ranj." Dia greeted with a small wave, taking the chair opposite him.

"It's good to see you both; it has been a while. My daughters have been asking about you two." He added, scornfully and the duo responded with guilty smiles.

"So, Dia." The doctor clapped his hands to bring them back to reality. "How have thing's been lately? Any nausea or headaches? Are you sleeping okay? Have you stabilised a routine?" He'd asked the questions so frequently, Dia already knew her answers. It was now a recitation.

"Sleeping pattern has stabilised although I have been staying up later to watch Money Heist." The doctor with a five o'clock shadow frowned disapprovingly. "But I have been eating three meals a day, and there hasn't been any nausea or dizziness. Not as bad as the last time I saw you anyway." He nodded, moving the mouse on his screen as he located her X-ray, conducted before the appointment.

"Well, there have been some minor changes to your scans." He tapped his finger on his chin in thought. "Have you had a knock to the head recently, maybe fallen over?"

Dia grimaced recalling the memory from only a few weeks ago when she had met Charlie the first time. It felt so much longer than that. "Yeah, I erm, fell over." She rubbed the back of her neck, unsure.

He nodded. "And you were okay after? No sickness or ailments?"

"Just a small headache but it was gone by morning."

"Well, that's good." He offered a closed-lip smile, tapping on his keyboard. "And the amnesia? Has there been any improvement?"

"I wouldn't call it an improvement per se, but there is a memory." His eyes twinkled at the thought, and he turned his attention back to her.

"That's brilliant to hear Dia. Was there anything, in particular, that could have triggered it?"

"Erm, Wham! music?" She responded almost questionably. "I went to watch Last Christmas, and when I was thinking about the songs, something came to surface." He nodded in understanding; the memory had been stimulated, not acquired at random.

"That's great!" He enthused genuinely. "So, I'm not sure how much Rebecca has told you, but we have been looking into hypnotherapy. Would that be something you would consider?"



"What would I have to do?" Dia had read the papers that Rebecca had given her. Still, she found the content hard, despite the scribbles circulating the edges of the page. Her mind had been occupied as of late, and it hadn't been her priority; despite how bizarre it sounded.

"Well, it would involve a therapist, and you will enter a trance that will enable you to relax. The therapist will then ask you a series of questions which hopefully should help you to recover some of your past. Even if it is something small like your birthplace, it could unlock the door to a world of possibilities."

Dia considered what Dr Ranj was telling her. "What are the risks?" He released a small sigh, moving his glasses from the bridge of his nose to the top of his head.

"Like all forms of therapy and intervention, there is a certain level of risk. In your case, you don't want to be aware of what your brain is choosing to hide. As you know, we have the answers to your past Dia, and your persistent refusal will make this process harder." Dr Ranj's friendly smile turned to one powered by a grimace.

Dia took a deep breath but continued to smile. She knew all she needed to do was ask the most obvious question. The one on the tip of everyone's tongue. Who was she? Despite what everyone had told her, however, Dia knew it was her choice to discover her past. It was her choice to explore her truth, and she was still uncomfortable about being told who she was. It would only create an expectation of who she was meant to be.

Who was she? Dia was also frightened by the possibility that the person she was, was not the person she had loved becoming. The girl who found joy in the simplest of things, whether it was watching the clouds turning pink at sunset, or talking to strangers on the train. The truth could morph her very existence, and it was a risk that she was not willing to make. Despite how stubborn or angered it would make her friends, the decision was in her hands and it was one she was not prepared to make.

"There is a possibility that the memories are not very nice Dia. It is only in my most troubled clients do I ever see amnesia last for so long and so I need to caution you. If you are happy to carry on, without the therapy, I would completely understand. Still, if you do proceed, then you should also know that support is available." Dr Ranj pressed the matter, and Dia knew deep-down there was a high likelihood that she wouldn't like what was being kept a secret. Rebecca's concerned expression told her that.

Dia chewed on her lip anxiously as she considered an appropriate response. "Can I think about it?" She decided, not wanting to seem rude and dismiss the idea straightaway.

Dr Ranj nodded in understanding. "Of course you can." He quickly tapped against the keys on his computer, typing his notes before looking back at the duo. "Is there anything else that you wanted to discuss?"

"Nothing that I can think of," Dia responded, after a moment of pondering. The doctor nodded with a bright smile.

"I have to say, Dia, you've always been optimistic, but today...you're glowing." His strong observation caused Dia to shift uncomfortably, a small blush highlighting her cheeks. Rebecca's grin widened, and it didn't go unnoticed.

"Something to tell me?" He insisted, and Rebecca didn't wait for a second further to spill Dia's key to newfound happiness.

"Dia's seeing someone!" She expressed excitedly, almost jumping out of her seat. Dr Ranj's jaw dropped slightly, and Dia's head whipped to her left so quickly, it almost cricked.

"Rebecca!" She scolded.

"What?" Rebecca frowned. "It's true, isn't it?" Dia shook her head, surprise spurring amusement. Her friend must have been waiting a while to say something. Anything. Dia could feel the blood in her face boiling as she looked back at her doctor, slightly embarrassed.



"And you haven't even mentioned this to me." He responded, disappointment tainting his words.

"I just haven't had the chance." She sighed. "It's all very new." He pursed his lips before nodding in agreement.

"So, what's his name? How did you meet? Rebecca, have you scouted him?" Dia remained mute as Dr Ranj turned to her best friend, interrogatively. Ever since Dia had been under Dr Ranjs' care, he had taken it upon himself, personally to ensure that Dia was looked after. Not having any close relatives or friends, Dr Ranj felt it was his duty to ensure Dia was safe. When he was unable to fulfil his role, it was Rebecca that took his place. Dia had become accustomed to his elder-brother like behaviour, it was the way Dr Ranj was. How could she feel annoyed, or bothered when all he was trying to do, was watch over her?

"His name is Charlie, he's working on the book with us. Yes, I have met him, and he is a pretty nice guy." Rebecca filled Dr Ranj in, and he smiled impressed.

"That's wonderful." He leaned back on his swivel chair. "Just remind him that your close friends with a doctor, okay." He insisted, and Dia couldn't help but smile. "And how's the home search going? Social Services have given you another two weeks, right?" He glanced at his screen to confirm his thoughts.

"Dia's found a place, actually! We're going to sign the contract after this." Rebecca contributed. She turned to look at Dia who was watching her in mock anger, she wanted to be the one to tell Dr Ranj, that her life was going in the right direction. "Sorry" Rebecca mumbled, "I'm just so excited for you," Dia simply shook her head, with a small knowing grin. It was one of the reasons why she loved her best friend.

"Oh, excellent, you will have to invite us to dinner when you move in." Dr Ranj added, ignoring their mini conversation.

"Of course," Dia agreed, wholeheartedly.

"We can have a get-together," Rebecca added, her blue eyes sparkling with excitement.

He nodded in agreement, looking at the blonde and raven-haired women in front of him. "Looks like you've got your hands full, Dia." He chuckled, and she giggled in harmony.

"I guess so."

"And I want to meet this Charlie fella."

"At the party," Rebecca promised. Dia wanted the ground to swallow her whole, but she should have known to expect this. Rebecca and Dr Ranj had been friends for decades, and her appointments had never resembled the sessions run with her other doctors. She was just incredibly thankful that Dr Ranj had decided to introduce her to Rebecca because it really had made her life better.

"Right, off you two pop, before I get fired!" He grinned, standing up and the women mirrored him. "Dia, if there are any changes to your health, make sure you call in. And when you've decided about hypnotherapy, just give the office a call."

"Thanks, Dr Ranj." She chirped as he followed her to the door.

"Rebecca, look after this one." He warned, and she rolled her eyes a playful smile on her lips.

"Oh, you know I will." She nodded and took Dia by the hand, pulling her out of the detergent smelling building and into the car park.

"Well, that went well." Rebecca smiled as they put on their seatbelts.

"Yeah, although with Dr Ranj, even bad news would have sounded good." Dia chuckled, and Rebecca chortled in agreement.

"That is very true. Have you thought about the therapy then? I know you said you wanted to think about it, but what's your gut instinct?"

Dia's shoulders dropped as she chewed on her bottom lip in thought. "I...it sounds ridiculous to say it." She pondered, mulling the words in her mind. Rebecca pulled out of her space and took a left at the closed-junction towards the motorway. "I just...I don't like the idea of it." She answered honestly, and Rebecca glanced at her through the corner of her eye.



"What is it that makes you uncertain?"

"It's the idea that it's going to be forced out of me." Dia decided. "My brain, like Dr Ranj said, is trying very hard to hide everything from before the accident, it's a miracle I remembered my name. Those memories, yes, I have lost all the good ones, but part of me is finding the risk too big. I'm happy Rebecca, thrilled really, and I feel that knowing the truth, it's going to bog me down. If it's going to happen, I want it to be as natural as possible." Dia felt a weight release her shoulders as she revealed the churning emotions in her heart.

"No one is going to force you, love." Rebecca squeezed her hand encouragingly. "Think about it and if you still feel unsure about it, then don't feel obliged to go through with it. If you're happy, then that is all we care about."

"Thanks, Rebecca."

"Anytime, sweet cheeks." The blonde then proceeded to turn the volume up on the stereo, and the two began to sing along to the radio with bright smiles.

***

"Is this it?" Rebecca asked as they neared a towering grey building.

"Yeah, what do you think?" Rebecca looked out of the window of her right. The large spot of green grass was occupied by children playing football, so that was positive. She parked along the curb and the concrete walls of the build stood tall and sturdy. There was some graffiti, but it wasn't as terrible as the place Dia was currently residing. The sight of children was actually a blessing in disguise to Rebecca, it screamed a different level of safety that eased her personal qualms.

"It's actually, not as bad as I thought it would be." She concluded, stepping out of her car.

"Right!" Dia agreed. She led her to the door where a man was standing in a black business suit, briefcase in hand.

"Hello, Richard." She greeted the estate agent. "This is Rebecca."

"It's nice to meet you." He nodded, respectfully, with a small smile. "Ready to sign for a new home?"

"Yes!" She grinned. They followed the gentleman to the elevator, which they boarded and exited on to the 10th floor.

"So what are the crime rates like, around here?" Rebecca asked. "Just out of pure curiosity." She added when the estate agent glanced at her surprise.

"It's, well for a city, the crime rates are average. You have your odd burglary and breaking and entering, but no serious crimes such as rapes or murders have been recorded in the last decade or so."

Rebecca bobbed her head in approval. "Well, you're not in any more danger here than you were at home then." She acknowledged as Dia smiled in disbelief.

Richard directed them to the door where an elderly woman was standing outside. "Dia." She smiled in recognition. "How are you, dearie? Have you decided to move in?"

"Hoping to, Mrs Jones. I'm just about to sign the contract." She informed her.

"That's splendid, Alfie has been begging for a neighbour to play with, you know these knees, they just aren't the same anymore."

"Well, Alfie would be welcome anytime," Dia spoke invitingly, and the woman's wrinkles deepened as a result of her pure smile.

"I'll hold you to that." She chuckled, moving back a little so that the three could enter the unlocked the department.

"Dia..." Rebecca gasped as she took a step into the new home. The smell of fresh paint wafted up to her nose. "You've found a diamond in a coal mine." Her stomach dropped slightly in relief as she took in the new appliances in the small kitchen to her left. As she walked in further, the cold tile transformed to carpet, again brand new.

"I take that you like it." Dia chuckled, watching as her friend walked further into the lounge area.

"I need to check the bathroom and bedroom first." She made her own way to explore the home and Dia, and Richard took seats at the dining table.

"What time did the landlord say she was coming?" Dia asked, pulling the contracts closer to her.

"Any moment now." He responded.

"Sorry, I'm late." A woman in her forties entered the vicinity, halting their conversation imminently.

"Speak of the devil," Richard smirked, turning towards Miranda.

"How are you, Richard?" She asked, shaking his hand.

"I'm alright, you?"

"Never better." She grinned, "So Dia, is everything to your liking?"

Dia nodded. "Yeah, my heart was set on this place as soon as it came on the market."

"Well, that's splendid."

"Dia, you have a waterfall shower!" A voice exclaimed, travelling from the corridor, as Dia chuckled, shaking her head.

"Sorry, that's my best friend." she declared, and Miranda smiled in understanding.

"Right, shall we clear up the finer details?" Richard asked, drawing their attention to the papers sat between them.

"As agreed, the rent will be £750 a month, bills included. Your contract is a year and should you wish to leave earlier than Miranda is allowed to keep your deposit of £600." Dia nodded, the check for the deposit in her bag.

"Wait for me," Rebecca called, jogging to the three and taking a seat. "I need pictures for Dia's wall" She exclaimed, and Dia covered her face as Rebecca pulled out her phone. "Come on, it's your first apartment."

"After we've signed the contract, hun." Rebecca pouted but obliged by placing her phone on the table.

Richard cleared his throat, gaining the attention of the three women. "Right, in case of any damage to the property, Dia you will have to pay for the replacement. The contract can also be extended, should you wish to live here longer than a year. Also..." He ran his finger down the page and flicked it over to find what he was looking for. "Miranda's contract does not cover insurance. That will be something you may wish to consider getting. Is that everything?"

Miranda nodded. "It is on my end. Dia, you will have my number should you need anything. In regards to repairs and maintenance, it's not covered, and you would have to pay for that."

"That's understandable."

"Brilliant, let's sign the contract." Richard clapped his hands together before passing over the pen. Dia tried to ignore the flashing lights and excited squeals as she wrote her name on the line that Richard had pointed to. She then gave the pen to Miranda and once completed, the woman provided her with a set of keys.

"CONGRATULATIONS!" Rebecca squealed,and Dia giggled, running her fingers through her hair, away from her face. Fromliving in a hospital, utterly alone to the home presented by the government andnow renting out her first apartment, Dia had come so far. She could only pray hergood fortune would continue. This was the life she wanted to live.





Chapter 14.


Charlie glanced at his phone, lying on the table. There was still no news and he was beginning to feel frustrated at the lack of response to the messages he had already sent.

"Charlie, stop!" Melissa admonished, holding up a small compact as she applied a light pink gloss to her plump lips.

He sighed, turning the device over, face down, and slumping into the comfort of his grey chair. "Dia's g-gone to the doctors. W-what if they tell her s-something b-bad? And then she's signing the c-contract for her new place." Charlie was devastated when Dia told him that she wouldn't be taking the train any more, after her move. Their mornings together got him out of bed. They were what persuaded him to take the early morning train. Gone were the days where he was purely motivated by his work. As much as he still loved his job and the endless projects he was supporting, it was now Dia who was his source of joy.

Now, in just short of a week, she would be permanently moving, and their time together would decrease drastically. "Dia's got a lot on today; I am allowed t-to be concerned." He concluded with a small sigh.

"Dia's a strong girl, Charlie; she'll call you if something came up. As always, you're overthinking things." He groaned, running his hands through his hair. He knew she was right.

"Charlie, snap out of it," Melissa warned him. "Now, is this appropriate to be meeting my nephews?" He looked down at the black number she donned and shook his head. Her smile immediately dropped as she frowned.

"What's wrong with it?" She questioned, glancing down at her dress.

"It's a bit...short." She frowned, pulling at the hem that reached her mid-thigh.

"We're family."

"So... aren't you trying to p-persuade your brother to let y-you move in? If you g-go wearing that, he might n-not be pleased. He does have a t-teenager." Charlie reminded her.

"Jared is twelve." Charlie raised an eyebrow, and she couldn't help but laugh. "For goodness sake." She strolled into her room and after a few minutes, returned wearing a flannel shirt and jeans.

"M-much better, now y-you look l-like an auntie." She wrinkled her nose at the thought. Melissa didn't have the best relationship with her siblings. They were both older than her, and a history of unresolved arguments led to the demise of their association. Now technically homeless, she needed to do what she could to resurrect some form of kinship so she would have a place to live.

"Alright, I'm going. Are you going to be okay?" Melissa chewed the inside of her cheek as she contemplated leaving Charlie alone. "Do you want me to call Jasper?"

"No, the p-poor guy has done enough f-for me. I'm going to go for a w-walk."

"A walk?"

"Sure, f-fresh air, frozen toes, getting wet by the drizzle, you know the usual things when you g=go outside in N-November."

"Okay, Sergeant sarcastic." She mocked, and he stuck out his tongue. Despite their rocky past, Charlie was happy to put everything behind him with Melissa. Some may call him naive or even witless, but Charlie valued their friendship much more. Besides, sometimes, it was better to forgive than to be angry. Dia had taught him that. If she could move on from having practically nothing then so could he; starting off with valuing his relationships, both old and new.

"It might make m-me feel better." He finally acknowledged.

"Okay." She responded apprehensively. "But if you spam her with messages then it's your responsibility."

"I w-won't spam her." He denied, but it was futile. Melissa knew him all too well, he had already sent four in the last hour to ask how things were going. One thing he had learnt from Dia; however, was that she did not get along with technology and yes, at times, it was endearing, but right now, it was frustrating as hell. Melissa gave him one final look of warning before closing the door behind her.



Charlie grumbled to himself, changing out of his joggers and into a pair of jeans. He pulled a red hoodie on top of his long-sleeved t-shirt and wrapped his neck with a scarf. The freeze from two weeks ago was short-lived, but it was still bitter outside. He scooped up his phone, pushed it into his pocket and departed the home without a second thought.

Fortunately, he had his headphones, and so he replayed the songs from that extraordinary night. Charlie had known the moment he had left that he wanted Dia to be his girlfriend, but he hadn't had the guts to tell her just yet.

It wasn't even the fear of being rejected. They had both made their feelings clear to one another, it was just how he was going to do it. The plan had been that after their picnic, on Friday, he would ask her formally, but the words just didn't come out. He was left gaping and proceeded to offer her some pineapple. It was a good thing she was happy to eat it, but her eyes told him she knew there was something else.

how Charlie headed to the park that was empty, taking a seat on the swings. It had become his favourite place to think and just calm his over-reactive heart. As he dug his shoes into the brittle mud, the song "Titanium" by Sia blasted, and Charlie quickly removed his phone from his pocket.

"H-hello?"

"Hi, Charlie." She chuckled. Her voice sounded like music to his ears.

"Are y-you okay? How did the appointment go? Have you got the k-keys to the new place?"

"Breathe." She ordered light-heartedly, and he stopped speaking, following her specific instruction. "It was perfect actually," He could feel her grin through the phone. "Dr Ranj didn't see anything concerning with my scan, but he wants to meet you."

"H-he wants to m-meet me?" Charlie echoed. "Rebecca." He added, in realisation.

"Yup." She chuckled. "It seems I'll be throwing a welcoming party too so you'll probably see him there."

"You'd invite y-your doctor?" Dia had briefly mentioned she had a good relationship with Dr Ranj, but not in an unprofessional context.

"Sure, he's really nice. I've babysat his daughters a few times when he's had emergencies, so we've gotten to know each other pretty well." That was also news to him.

"Huh, w-well for a neurosurgeon he's pretty trusting t-to leave them with a clutz l-like you." He chuckled. He could imagine Dia rolling her eyes, and it only made him grin wider. Charlie must have looked like a mad man, smiling brightly, alone on the swing-set, but he didn't care. Dia made him feel things that he had never felt before.

"Hey!" She complained. "Say's you." Dia shot back, and he had to concede. Out of the couple, he was certainly the clumsiest. "Besides, Rebecca was there." She added in a whisper, and he laughed louder in response.

"That m-makes sense. So, did you get the keys?"

"Mm-hmm, I signed the contract, and we're on our way back to my place now."

"That's great, have you b-been given a move-in date?"

"Yeah, we planned it so that my probation at work and the contract begins around the same time. The twenty-second of November."

"That's just f-four days away." He noted, and she sighed.

"Yeah, it's going to be stressful. We've just bought a bunch load of boxes, so I'm hoping to make a start."

"Do you n-need some help?" Charlie asked before he could help himself.

"Really, you don't mind? What about Melissa, I don't want her to be alone." Charlie's heart melted just a little bit, only Dia would be concerned about his ex-girlfriend.



"No, of course not. Melissa has g-gone to visit her brother, but I can call Jasper if you n-need more hands? I'm s-sure he wouldn't mind."

"That would be amazing. Thank you so much, Charlie." He could hear her earnest sincerity with every word.

"I'll see you in about f-forty minutes?"

"That sounds perfect. See you soon." She cut the line and Charlie immediately clicked on his best friends name on his contacts.

***

Four hours later, the small apartment was filled to the brim with boxes and clothes.

"Jeez Dia, how many clothes does a girl need?" Jasper complained, attempting to be careful as he stepped over her collection.

"Hey, this isn't that many." She rebuked. "I still feel like I don't have any clothes every morning."

Rebecca chuckled as they squabbled. "If you think this is too many, you should see my cupboard. Actually, scratch that, you should see Jonathon's." She shuddered at the thought of her husband's closet. It was overfilled.

"Hey!" Jonathon complained, looking at his wife. Jonathon had arrived just an hour ago to bring more boxes, and Rebecca had refused to let him leave without helping out.

"You know it's the truth, babe." She raised an eyebrow, and he smirked in defeat. It wasn't a lie, but Rebecca's closet was not far from rivalling his. She had just recently won in the shoe department.

"Well, if you guys ever decide to move, I'm not helping." Jasper put his hands on his hips dramatically.

Dia climbed over one of the piles and kneeled next to Charlie, who was currently folding her jeans and skirts.

"If it's any c-consolation, I like your clothes." He shrugged as he concentrated on folding and placing the clothes he was working on, into their allocated box. Embarrassed, Dia moved her hair, so it formed a curtain to hide her blush as she smiled.

"Thanks." She appreciated, taking a portion of the pile to do half of the work. They had already cleared the kitchen, and it was just the bedroom and lounge. Being a Monday night and having an extra four pair of hands, Dia wanted to do as much as possible.

"Alright, I give up, let's order pizza," Jonathon announced, twenty minutes later. Dia had offered tea and coffee over the time they were working. Still, it was no longer enough to satisfy the rumbling in her stomach and she was glad he had made the decision.

"Where shall we eat?" Jasper asked, rubbing the back of his neck, as he glanced at the filled floor and boxes cluttering the table.

"We can clear the lounge and eat on the floor?" Charlie suggested, and the group spent a further ten minutes moving the boxes so that they lined the walls. The things that still needed to be packed were piled next to the window. Jasper wanted to be lazy and place them in front of the TV, but Dia had planned to watch the final episode of Money Heist tonight. She had secretly hoped Charlie would want to stay behind to watch it with her, but she hadn't been able to ask him just yet.

The pizza arrived just a short fifteen minutes later, a perk of living close to the town and the group sat down on the laid out newspaper to eat.

"So, Charlie." Dia pulled a box of pizza towards her, her mouth-watering at the sight of the food. "Pineapple on pizza, yes or no?"

He unboxed his own to show her the extra topping he had ordered. "Of course!"

Her grin widened, glad that they had yet another thing in common. "Now we're talking." She giggled as Jasper looked at the couple in disgust.

"You two are minging." He wrinkled his nose.

"What are you, 12?" Dia chuckled. "I haven't heard that word in forever!"

Rebecca glanced at Dia surprised, as did Charlie and Jonathon but Dia didn't take any notice, taking a bite out of the Italian goodness.

"Dia...you know that word?" Jasper asked her, tentatively. The term in question was mainly associated with playground slang; which was where Jasper had learnt it. Given Dia's memory loss, it was surprising she had heard it before, especially as its use was uncommon.

"Sure." She shrugged her shoulders, taking another bite. "My brother used to say it all the time." She spoke absentmindedly, but when the words settled, her stomach dropped. She slowly raised her head, four sets of eyes staring at her, each resembling the size of a goldfish.

"R-Rebecca," Her hands were shaking as she wiped them against her jeans. Charlie passed her a glass of water, but she shook her head, taking slow breaths as she tried to calm her racing heart. Rebecca neared with a black notebook as the rest of the group watched the scene unfold.

Charlie didn't know how to react. His heart was hammering as he took in Dia, who was looking rather pale. She didn't want the water so; instead, Charlie moved the pizzas so that she had some space. He watched Dia's hand tremor as she took the pen and notepad, Rebecca had presented. Fear and concern echoing in his very core. Was she getting her memory back?

Was she getting her memory back? A.N

Two chapters today, mainly because 12 was really a filler but the context was needed.

Anyways, hope you enjoy it and as always can't wait to read your comments.

Thank you so much to everyone for their support so far, it means so so much.

This is also just a warning that the chapters are going to heavier from now on, but stick with it and I really hope you enjoy.

Have the most amazing weekend,

Love Aamenah <3





Chapter 15.


Dia couldn't breathe. The air was suffocating, and she struggled to inhale clean oxygen to stop her breathlessness. Her lungs were on fire. She looked down at the black lined paper in front of her, hands quivering as she attempted to grip the pen. Only, as Dia put the nib to the notebook, realisation struck that she didn't know what to write. The memory was there, in her mind. She just couldn't articulate it.

Remembering the tactics she often told Charlie, she blanked her mind, concentrating on the breaths with the people sat closest to her.

Slowly, raising her head, she realised that Jasper and Jonathon had moved to sit by the TV. Rebecca was sitting in front of her and Charlie was gripping onto her left hand. How long had he been sat there?

Charlie watched as Dia looked up in alarm, pain evident in her eyes. Soothingly, he rubbed small circles on the back of her hand as she began to cry. Rebecca was silently crying, but his concern for Dia overwhelmed him. He felt his heart race and his breathing hasten, but he warned himself. Not today , he scolded his brain.

Not today "W-what i-is i-it, Dia?" He forced out, trying his utmost hardest to mask his trembling voice.

"I-I...I remember." She whispered, her warm brown eyes meeting his.

He nodded encouragingly. "What d-do you r-remember, honey?" He stressed.

She took a deep breath, closing her eyes. Charlie remained still; he didn't want to do anything that could distract her.

"Wham! Music," She whispered, as he nodded in encouragement. "My brother loved Wham!" It explained why she had known the songs from the movie but Charlie didn't want to ask further questions as she revealed the memories she had recovered. Instead he offered her the glass of water once more, and this time she drank gratefully, before continuing. "My brother," She stated again with a sniffle. "I don't know where he is,"

Despite draining her glass, Dia felt her mouth dry as she began to uncover more of her past. "Th-there w-was a car accident." Water streamed faster down her cheeks as her words began to sink in. "It's what split us up...they d-died," She hiccoughed.

"Dia, I need to ask you some questions, okay." Rebecca sought permission and Dia consented by nodding her head. "Do you remember their names? When this happened or what happened after?" Rebecca asked, her psychological background giving her the knowledge to fuel her questions. It sounded harsh to drill such issues at a critical time, but Rebecca had been through the customs with Dia before, and so she knew what to expect.

From Charlie's perspective, it seemed insensitive, but he could see that Dia wanted to answer what she was being questioned. Dia shook her head affirmatively after each question Rebecca asked, and the atmosphere began to thicken in tension. The silence that followed was deafening, you could hear a pin drop.

Dia focused her attention on her best friend and felt desperation and pain fill her stomach. She shook her head, once more, tears trailing down her rosy cheeks. "No, I don't remember anything." She responded, and Rebecca squeezed her friend's hand.

"It's okay, dearie." She comforted.

"I-I wish I did." Dia cried even harder now, and Charlie, instinctively wrapped his arms around her, not minding for a second that she was dampening his clothes. She was mourning the loss of her parents, and Rebecca sat taller, on her knees, rubbing her back as she cried.

Jonathon and Jasper watched the scene from a distance, their facial expressions displaying concern for their friend. They sat silently, lumps in their throats as they took in each word Dia said.

"I don't...I think he was older," Dia sniffled, thinking about the brother she had just remembered. "W-we weren't in the car that day...they wanted us to come. There w-was a white truck...it w-was after out h-holiday. We were camping, but...I don't kn-know what happened after." She cried, squeezing her eyes harder. An overwhelming wave of nausea waved over and she cupped her mouth, using Rebecca to help get to her feet.



"What is it, hun?"

"I-I think I'm going to be sick," She blurted out, weakly moving towards the bathroom. Rebecca wiped away her own face, glancing at her husband before charging after her, leaving the room.

Charlie, Jasper and Jonathon remained in the room, inconspicuously. Mute.

"I think we should go..." Jasper looked to Jonathon; concern etched in his features. "I don't want to leave her, but I think this is all too much." Jonathon nodded in agreement.

"Yeah, Rebecca will keep an eye on her." He looked at the half-packed room. "We'll come back tomorrow." Jonathon decided, and the two others nodded in agreement.

Jasper winced as he stood up to his knees, the pain from sitting on the floor too long. "Charlie, do you need a lift?"

Charlie sank his teeth into his lower lip. He didn't want to go home, just yet. "I'll be alright, thank you; I-I want to stay a little while." His friend nodded in understanding, squeezing Charlie's shoulder as he passed, before sliding on his shoes, at the entrance. Jonathon walked through the room and knocked on the bathroom door. The sound of Dia being ill was uncomfortable but Charlie, sipped from his glass and it helped ease the nerves bubbling in his stomach.

"We're gonna head off," He told his wife. "I don't think she should be worrying about us all too," Jonathon explained. His wife nodded in understanding.

"Okay, I think I'm gonna stay the night," Rebecca responded, and he offered a small smile.

"I know," He responded knowingly. "Do you want me to bring over some clothes?"

"No, it should be okay, thank you, I have a spare toothbrush here anyway." He pecked her lips, and she smiled appreciatively.

"Give my love to Dia and tell her we're all going to come back tomorrow to help finish the packing."

"Will do." Rebecca watched as her husband turned on his heel and followed Jasper out of the door.

"How are you feeling, hun?" She asked, moving Dia's hair out of her face.

"Better." Dia gasped. "Have they all gone?" Rebecca nodded, and Dia frowned. She wanted to spend some extra time with Charlie, but it just wasn't meant to be.

"They all want to come back tomorrow to help," Rebecca reassured her, and she nodded, slightly relieved. After a few minutes, she was able to stand up and brush her teeth to remove the foul taste in her mouth.

Charlie twiddled his thumbs as he sat in the now empty room. Not knowing what to do, he began to pack what he could, finishing off the clothes. Charlie contemplated on taking down the frames on the wall. The newest addition being Dia ice-skating for the first time but Charlie concluded that she would most likely want to do it. She had explained how much the pictures meant to her on their first date when he had asked. Instead, he took the remainder of the pizza, and plated up the leftovers, putting a microwave cover on top.

He took a seat on the sofa, waiting patiently for the two women to emerge. The mobile phone Charlie kept as a distraction, failed in its role to occupy his thoughts and so continued to allow his thoughts to occupy his mind with worry. The door handle twisted, and he immediately looked up to see Rebecca emerge.

When her eyes landed on him, her mouth formed an "oh" shape in surprise, causing her to squeak.

"Goodness, Charlie, you gave me a fright!" She placed a hand to her beating chest, and he laughed, nervously, finding it difficult to pair humour with the situation.

"Is sh-she okay?" He stood up, and she nodded with a small, sad smile.

"Yeah, she's okay. I'm just going to get her some pyjamas." Charlie sat back down and waited for Dia to change.



She was still pale, and sweat plastered her hair to her forehead when she emerged from the bathroom, yet Charlie could not deny that she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. He walked towards her carefully, and she melted into his arms.

"Y-you're still here." She whispered in surprise.

"Of course, I am." Not knowing where his confidence came from, he kissed the top of her head, leading her to the sofa, as he allowed her to curl into him.

Rebecca followed, removing a blanket from the shelf and passed it to Charlie, who wrapped it over Dia. She lay against his chest, her arm draped over his stomach as she breathed in his subtle cologne. Dia found comfort in his arms that no other person could replace, not even Rebecca. Though they were not official, she had allowed Charlie to take his place in her heart. Had the situation been different, she would have been apprehensive of holding him so. Still, the way he held her tighter; it was his way of saying it was okay. It made her feel safe. It reminded her that he was there.

he Rebecca observed the couple with a small simper. The small scene was enough to confirm that Charlie really was a suitable match for Dia. Yes, he too had his battles, but when Dia needed him, he was able to put it all aside. Not many could do that, and it gave strength to his character and reassurance that he was the right person for her best friend.

Rebecca had also noticed that Charlie had finished packing Dia's clothes and when she entered the kitchen, saw that he had plated the food. She heated the cold pizzas and bought them out to the couple with another glass of water for Dia.

"I d-don't want to eat," Dia complained but the harsh gaze she received from Rebecca prevented further argument. Not wanting the couple to shift, the blonde pulled a pillow from the sofa and leaned back against the wall, legs outstretched as she relaxed.

"Are y-you okay?" Charlie asked Dia in a lowered voice, using his thumb to wipe a single tear and she nodded.

"Do you want to t-talk about it?" She shook her head, and Charlie decided now was not the time. She would open up when she was ready. They ate quietly, and Charlie could see that Dia was becoming restless. The sudden turn of events had drained her energy, and he couldn't help but smile down at her as she struggled to keep her eyes open.

"Come on," He whispered. "Let's get you t-to bed." Dia wanted to pout and refuse, but deep down, she knew the best thing for her was sleep. She bobbed her head, loosened her arm around his waist, and he slowly helped her stand up. Rebecca stood up too but watched from a distance as she allowed Charlie to take her place to care for Dia.

He followed her to the bathroom, where she brushed her teeth to rid any pizza remnants, and he provided her with a towel to dry her face. He then followed her to her room, and she laid down into the comfort of her duvets.

"Do you w-want anything?" He asked as he tucked her in. She shook her head with a small smile, and he stood up to leave, but she took his hand, stopping him in his tracks.

"Can you...Can you stay with me." She pleaded. "At least until I fall asleep."

Rather than verbally respond, Charlie sat on the edge of her bed. He didn't know how to place himself, and the butterflies began to erupt in his stomach. Dia could see his resolutions and took his hand, holding it close to her. His free hand stroked her ebony locks away from her face as she closed her eyes, the echoes of a smile, a ghost on her lips.

Twelve minutes later, her soft snores filled the silence and Charlie looked down at her. Asleep, all her frustrations, all of her pain, it was gone. And she was beautiful. If he could, he would happily watch her sleep and protect her from all that ailed her, but he knew that was impossible. Reluctantly, he stood up, kissing her forehead before retreating back to the lounge.



"Is she asleep?" Rebecca asked as Charlie closed the door quietly behind him. She had moved over to the couch and was lying down with her phone in her hands. As Charlie neared, she shifted so that she was sitting upright and he took the seat next to her.

"She's fast a-asleep." He confirmed. Rebecca sighed, placing her phone face down on the coffee table.

"She's going to need a lot of help over the next few days, with the move and everything. I fear that it's going to be too much for her."

"Dia will make it through," Charlie reassured her friend, knowing he was easing his own concerns. "She is so m-much stronger than we realise."

"You really like her, don't you?" Rebecca looked at Charlie with a smile.

"I really do." He sighed. "I just wish I-I could tell her." Charlie leaned back so that his head was resting on the back of the sofa. His eyes concentrated on the tiles on the ceiling. "I wanted to ask her to b-be my girlfriend," he confessed. "But, I just couldn't get the words out. It's my stammer. It's n-not as bad as it used to be, but it's almost intolerable w-when I become anxious." Charlie sighed.

Rebecca offered him a small smile in empathy. Dia had mentioned Charlie's stutter to Rebecca but commented that she found it endearing. When he was comfortable, it was practically non-existent, and it was only apparent when he asked personal questions, or raised opinions he was unsure how Dia would react. It was the nature of his condition, and Dia was bold to quickly claim she didn't see it as an 'issue' at all.

"I think she'd really like that, Charlie. If you asked her, officially, I mean." She angled the conversation to reassure him. He licked his lips as he considered what she was saying, remaining silent so that she could continue. "Dia, is more fragile than you realise and if it were anyone else, I would have said this wasn't the time, but Dia needs stability. I think you can give her that."

Charlie blinked in surprise. "D-do y-you really?" He was stunned. Charlie hadn't known Rebecca long and had only met her in a professional context or with Dia. This was the first time they were truly alone and so to hear such a fearless statement, was surprising, to say the least.

Rebecca sucked her upper teeth in thought. "I really do. I am a psychologist, Charlie." She chuckled. "And that normally means that I'm a good judge of character. Yes, sometimes you become anxious, but you could hardly call that a flaw. It's stemmed because you care and Dia knows that."

"I...I don't feel w-worthy." He confessed, and Rebecca faced him with sudden fury. Charlie did not expect her to pinch his arm either.

"Ow!" He hissed, rubbing the bruised area. "What w-was that for?" His eyes were as wide as an owl as the blonde, flicked her hair over her shoulder.

"You, Charlie Jackson, are a bit of a div," She whispered, her eyebrows forced to narrow in slight anger.

Charlie didn't know how to respond and remained quiet. He still hadn't quite got over the fact she had pinched him.

"Dia does not trust easily and for her to trust you , means a lot to me. Your actions, today, alone is enough to prove that you are right together, and don't bring up the idea of being worthy . There is no such thing, and if you go into a relationship with that mind set, you won't get anywhere. That girl has gone through hell and back, and you showed today that you care for her. You comforted her in a way I will never be able to. So you need to get your act together and tell those doubts of yours to sod off." Rebecca breathed heavily as her face faded into its original colour.

you worthy Charlie could feel his heart hammering in his chest. He didn't know how it was possible, but he was rendered speechless. It was impossible for his brain to even attempt to articulate a sentence that could respond appropriately.

And so instead, he said the one thing, he needed to say. "You're r-right." His voice was breathy as he tried to catch his breath.

needed Charlie hadn't realised he was releasing tears until Rebecca provided him with a packet of tissues and faced him with a smile of righteousness. It was the situation that had reduced him to crying, but they were partly caused by happiness. Rebecca had gifted Charlie with courage, and it was rare that he ever felt that way.

"I know." She chirped. "Right, now that we have that cleared, I expect you to ask her" He nodded, not daring to say anything that could create additional bruising. "It's pretty late, so we can talk about it tomorrow when you come to help pack." He glanced at his watch, surprised to see it was almost 9 pm.

"You'll c-call me if anything h-happens right? Or if nothing happens? Just keep me updated on her." Rebecca chuckled as she followed him to the door.

"Charlie, I'll keep you informed okay." She promised as he tied his shoe-laces.

With his hand on the door-handle, he called back to his friend. "R-Rebecca,"

"Yes, Charlie." She pivoted.

"Thanks for erm, thanks for helping me r-realise, erm..."

"Don't worry about it, Charlie." She responded, knowing what he was trying to say. "I'll see you tomorrow." He nodded once more in confirmation, digging his hands deep into his coat pockets as he exited into the winter freeze.

A.N.

Hi lovelies, so another update for you and things are finally starting to be revealed!

Please let me know your thoughts, the good and the bad, it all helps me improve.

Thank you so much for all the support over the last two months or so, it has truly been overwhelming.

Love Aamenah <3





Song: X Ambassadors- Unsteady.





Chapter 16.


Charlie made his way back to his apartment with concern weighing down upon his shoulders. Although Rebecca had reassured his doubts, it only took four minutes of silence on the train ride home for his anxiety to seep back into his stomach.

To put it simply, he was frightened of what would be in store, next, for Dia. She had already been through so much, and he hated that she would now have to pass through this pain, only knowing part of her past.

Charlie knew Dia could do it. Deep down, he ascertained that his resolutions were because he wasn't with her. The separation of not being present was making him feel worse, but staying hadn't really been an option either. He was just grateful that at least she had Rebecca to watch over her throughout the long night.

"Hey, where have you been?" Melissa asked, from the couch as he entered the apartment. Her eyes were sore but frantic as she watched him slip off his shoes, and place his coat on its designated hook. Charlie hadn't mentioned his plans, and so when she had returned to an empty flat, she was disquieted. It was not unknown to her that when Charlie's anxiety spiked, he would often find himself lost on unknown streets.

She had attempted to call and sent several messages when the clock stroke 8 pm, to ask his whereabouts. It was even more so unlikely for him to not answer his phone and Jasper's lack of response had only increased her concern.

Charlie's eyes narrowed in on the tub of ice cream in her hands and flopped onto the sofa. Wordlessly, he stole her spoon and container, helping himself to creamy goodness, leaning his head back against the wall of the couch, as he allowed his thoughts to continue to whirl. Melissa's lower jaw dropped slightly, in surprise. Charlie had an intense love for ice cream, so much so he would eat it daily to the point his stomach would hurt as a child. Now older, he reserved it for his rougher days, a pick me up for when things weren't going too well.

"What happened?" Melissa asked, her tone tainted with solicitude as she switched off the TV. She watched as he swallowed his next mouthful and returned the tub, which she placed on the table, focussing on his tired features and downturned lips. He sighed once more and she shifted her position so that she was now directly facing him; one leg crossed, the other dangling off the yellow sofa.

"Is this linked to why you were worried about her appointment?" Melissa pressed, and this time he finally met her brown eyes.

Charlie's face screwed up as he tried his hardest not to release his pent up emotions. "Y-yes" He finally acknowledged. "Dia...sh-she has a-amnesia." Melissa furrowed her eyebrows, confused.

"What do you mean?" She asked after Charlie remained silent, his gaze now lowered, once more lost in his thoughts. "Is this a fifty-first dates situation?" Her eyes widened in curiosity, and he couldn't help but release a sound of amusement at the movie reference. It was not enough, however, to bring a real smile onto his face and Melissa waited patiently for his rejoinder.

"N-no, nothing like that." He assured her, licking his dry lips before continuing, concentrating his gaze on the carpet. "Dia had an a-accident, just over a y-year ago a-a-and she c-can't remember anything b-before that." He explained briefly.

It was difficult for Melissa to respond instantly. Thoughts raced through her mind, the most prominent being that she couldn't imagine living with such a condition. Speechless, Melissa picked up the ice cream and gave it back to Charlie, and he took another spoonful gratefully, sinking back into the couch.

"Well... that's, unexpected" Melissa eventually responded, and he nodded in agreement, mixing the spoon in the melting cream. She nibbled on her lower lip as she attempted to form an appropriate response, but the words failed to come to mind. Instead, she sighed, spreading her lips in thanks, as Charlie handed back her ice-cream tub that she had been scoffing before his return.



"So, have you only just found out? Is that why you're so..." She enquired after a few moments of silence, but Charlie simply shook his head, stopping her mid-sentence with another sigh.

"N-no, I've known from the b-beginning. Remember that b-book we're working o-on together?" Melissa bobbed her head. "Th-the book is a f-fictional account on Dia's r-recovery." Melissa nodded, this time to show her understanding, urging Charlie to continue.

The pain in his expression intensified as he took several breaths, allowing him to articulate his next sentence. "Sh-she remembered some-something today and, w-well it wasn't v-very nice." Melissa's patiently waited as Charlie groped silently for the next word, his lips trembling as he struggled to speak.

"Hey..." Melissa rubbed his shoulder comfortingly, noticing his difficulty. "She'll be alright." She urged, and he nodded, averting his gaze from her brown eyes to the magazines on the table.

"She recalled a b-brother...and an accident. She said it, erm, l-led to her parent's d-demise." He added, and Melissa released a shaky breath.

"O-oh." Now aware of why Charlie was so affected, made comforting him even more so difficult.

Charlie covered his face with his hands, forcing air into his tight lungs, hiding his watering eyes from Melissa, as the blonde squeezed his arm in support.

"I'm so sorry, Charlie," The blonde winced as her own voice cracked. She gulped, before continuing. "But, she'll be okay, she's a fighter and can get past this. You just need to be there for her." She encouraged.

"I know," he murmured, his voice muffled by his palms. "Dia's j-just gone through s-so much..."

"And that's why you need to stay strong, Charlie. Dia needs you, and I couldn't think of anyone better to help her through this." Melissa didn't know if her words would help, but it was all she could think to say. Being in the fortunate position of not having experienced such a loss, made the matter even harder for Melissa to know how to reply.

you He nodded, remaining hunched as he allowed Melissa's words to calm his nervous heart. Alongside Rebecca's reassurance that he repeated in his mind, Charlie conjured the strength to sit up straighter and wipe away the water on his face that had manage to escape.

"I want to b-be there for her." He expressed and Melissa's lips widened in a sad simper, nodding in understanding once more.

"Then act, Charlie." She encouraged. "Show her your love, and it will all work out. This isn't something she will be easily be able to move on from, you just need to be strong."

Charlie released a breath before nodding in agreement. He smiled in appreciation and Melissa returned the tub of ice cream. They remained seated in comfortable silence, their minds occupied, and so Charlie decided to change the course of conversation. It was his way of closing the topic and ensuring, for a short time at least, no negativity would cloud the mind-set he had progressed to.

"So, erm, h-how did it go w-with Thomas?" He asked, and she grimaced. "I-I'm sorry I d-didn't ask earlier..."

Melissa shook her head, refusing to acknowledge his regret. "You had bigger things to worry about." She consoled him.

"So h-how did it go?" Her expression told him it didn't go too well. "Well, that explains the ice c-cream." He mumbled, looking down at the almost finished tub in her hands.

She snickered, leaning against the cushioned wall on the sofa, with a soft sigh. "W-what happened?" Charlie pitied.

"Well, we went for lunch, and you know my brother, he has always been...high maintenance." She licked her lips as her oldest friend nodded, knowingly. "Jared and Jason wanted burgers so naturally, I said it shouldn't be a problem. When we got to the restaurant, they didn't have any dang burgers and Jason threw a massive tantrum, he's only six, of course, he doesn't want quinoa!" Charlie tried his hardest not to laugh, but Melissa's frustration was the comedy he needed.



"And then..." She gave him a look to tell him to shut up but her eyes were glazed with humour, to showcase her triviality as she continued nevertheless. "Well, we had a bit of a tiff at the restaurant and ended up at McDonald's." From what Charlie could remember about Thomas, fast-food equated his worst nightmare. "We went back to the house, and we caught up a little. I explained my financial situation, and he told me to not even think about it." She sniffled, her eyes softening in realisation that once more she had lost her chance of finding a home.

shut up Charlie smiled at her sympathetically. "Well, at least y-you gave it a shot," Melissa nodded mutely. "And you're welcome to stay h-here as long as you n-need to." He added after a few moments thought.

"Thanks, Charlie." She smiled. "But I can't. Not now, with Dia."

"She knows," Charlie reassured her. "S-so don't worry about that...And don't t-take crap from Jasper." Melissa laughed, genuinely.

"I don't take it anyway." She sang. "Seriously, thanks, Charlie. It'll just be until my next payday, I can cover some of your maintenance..."

"Don't worry about it, M-Melissa." He ordered, and she rolled her eyes; it didn't stop a big smile from forming on her face. It was a relief knowing that at least for now, she had an air mattress to sleep on and access to hot water, security and food. It was a lot to ask for, from Charlie but she knew he was genuine, and she wouldn't date taking advantage of his kindness. He was truly all she had left in this world. He was her oldest friend and she wanted to re-kindle some of what they had lost. Though many would disapprove of their dynamic, Melissa had no choice but to agree to stay.

They continued to watch TV, for another half an hour before fatigue began to settle in. After yawning twice, the blonde stood up, stretched her arms and bid her goodnight, before heading into her bedroom. Melissa knew that the transition in conversation wasn't enough to console Charlie's mind, he would need time alone to do that. For now, though, Melissa was determined to support her friend, as he had always helped her.

Charlie also wanted to sleep, but his nerves were still bubbling in his stomach. To distract himself, he cleaned up the lounge area and dusted the spotless kitchen, Melissa had cleaned the day before. After fighting the urge to pick up his phone for twenty minutes, Charlie submitted to his thoughts and unlocked the device, knowing there wouldn't be an update. The empty notification screen confirmed what he already knew, and he forced himself into his room, persuading himself that this was a positive. Rebecca had promised to call, or text if anything happened and he changed into his pyjamas, hoping the soft cotton of his bedding would help him locate sleep.

Alas, his mind was wide awake, and as expected, he didn't sleep a wink. Every time he felt the darkness succumb, he hoped this would be it, but something would bring him back to full alert. Whether it was Melissa's soft snores, his neighbour's winging cat or the sirens; he couldn't tell the difference between the police, fire brigade or ambulance; the town centre always had something going on. There was also the small flame of hope that a message would appear to inform him that Dia was okay, but no communication was sent. Again, he reminded himself that it was unlikely Rebecca or Dia would be awake at 3 am. Still, the risk of missing such a text was too significant to force Charlie to sleep.

***

"Morning." Dia opened her eyes to see Rebecca hovering above, rubbing her arm to rouse her.

"Morning." She mumbled, covering her mouth as she yawned. "What time is it?"

"It's just gone past 10." Dia's eyes widened, and she sat up straight in bed.

"Shoot, I'm late for work!" Dia swung her legs out of bed, but Rebecca was quick to stop her by pressing lightly on her shoulders, halting her from further movement.



"Honey, today is your day off." Rebecca reminded her and Dia sunk back against her pillows in relief. She nodded, thinking back to how she got to bed in the first place and realisation struck her like a lightning bolt.

Dia's mouth instantly went dry as she felt her heart pound with the half-memory now significant in her mind.

Rebecca watched as her best friend's mind attempted to piece together last night, and perched on her bed, passing over a bottle of water, which Dia drank from earnestly.

"I remembered something..." Dia's stated. Her high intonation told Rebecca she still couldn't quite believe what had happened.

"You did," Rebecca confirmed, squeezing Dia's hand in comfort. "Do you remember what?" She asked hesitantly, and her blue eyes met brown.

"I remember," Dia confirmed, her voice stained with unwept sadness. "I think I know..." Dia paused momentarily as the memory became more explicit. "I think I know what happened to my parents." She cleared throat, and Rebecca squeezed her hand, once more.

Dia didn't want to admit that the memory she had acquired was distressing. Instead, she decided to move on the conversation, despite Rebecca's evident concern. "What happened after?"

"You were pretty ill," Rebecca told her briefly; her eyes narrowed as she masked her surprise. She had expected Dia to ask her questions or to see if there was anything more she could search but it seemed her thoughts hadn't transgressed in that direction at all. "Charlie looked after you."

"Charlie?" As Dia thought back, she realised that everything that had occurred from the night before, from her memory to getting into bed, was a complete blur. She hadn't remembered Charlie looking after her but flashes of the memory resurfaced as Rebecca added further detail.

"Mm-hmm, he stayed late and tucked you into bed, he really cares for you, you know."

Dia's cheeks reddened slightly, and she took another sip of water. "I should really text him." She mumbled, more to herself, but Rebecca was close enough to hear her.

"Don't worry about that lovely, he's on his way."

"W-what?" Dia's eyes widened, all signs of sleep disappearing as the notion settled in.

"Yeah, he rang about half an hour ago. Something about not being able to concentrate at work and deciding to bring it here."

"Really?" Dia couldn't help but feel giddy. The thought of seeing Charlie instantly lifted her spirit and her heart began to beat in overdrive.

"Yup, so come on, let's get you out of bed and into a hot shower." Dia agreed with a small nod and Rebecca moved so that she could stand up.

***

When Dia emerged from the hot water, her hair wrapped in a towel, she entered the kitchen area to see Charlie and Rebecca chatting amicably over brunch. For a moment, Dia felt self-conscious as she was only wearing a ratty jumper and a pair of shorts. She had planned to change just before Charlie arrived, but soon realised that the old clothes were much better than him seeing her ill and his smile was enough to ease her angst. She just hoped he wouldn't comment on the scars on her legs that his gaze had quickly landed on.

"Morning." Charlie smiled at Dia, his stomach once filled with concern now satisfied with relief as he saw her walk towards them. Her eyes were puffy, and her bare legs showcased red lines, crisscrossing over her caramel flesh. It was the first time Dia had exposed her legs in front of Charlie. He had always assumed it was a result of the freezing weather but a niggling thought suggested that might not be the whole story.



Before his thoughts could escalate, Charlie quickly pushed all his questions to the back of her mind as he concentrated on the girl approaching him. They must have been from the accident, he reasoned, as he smiled.

Despite Charlie's inability to control his tongue, Dia had this uncanny ability to render him speechless. In spite of her marred appearance, Charlie was not lying to himself when he admitted that the woman in front of him was mesmerising.

"Morning." She smiled sheepishly, taking the chair next to him as Rebecca busied herself, preparing a plate of food for her. "Rebecca, this looks delicious." She complimented, looking down at the French toast drenched in maple syrup.

"Eat up!" Her friend ordered, and Dia knew she wouldn't be able to refuse. Her hazel-brown eyes followed Rebecca as she placed her empty plate into the sink and proceeded to pick up her work bag.

"You're going?" Dia asked, and Rebecca acceded with a nod.

"Yeah, there was a double booking, and they want me to cover. I was going to take the day off, but someone kept blowing up my phone, and when he announced they were coming over, I said I'd go in." Charlie choked on the eggs he had filled his mouth with, his face beet-red in embarrassment, and he quickly gulped some water. Dia glanced at him, slightly worried, but a hint of a smile lingered on her lips.

someone "Are you still able to come over tonight?" She asked, once more meeting hr friend's gaze as she tied up her coat.

"Yeah, of course!" Rebecca promised, giving Dia a quick hug and a kiss on the cheek. "See you tonight, Charlie." She smirked, and he waved, raising his glass in acknowledgement as he attempted to swallow without choking again.

The door to the entrance of the apartment closed, leaving the couple in a small awkward silence. Dia licked her lips, the towel on her head now feeling heavy with water, and so she removed it, placing it on the granite table. "Hi..." She chuckled, looking at Charlie and he laughed nervously, rubbing the back of his neck, turning towards her.

"Hey. How are you, f-feeling?" Charlie tried not to wince as the sound of Dia retching flooded back to him. She still looked exhausted, despite having slept for ten hours, according to Rebecca. Stress once more began to swell his stomach, but he forced himself to focus on the positives. Dia was present, well and eating. It was more than he would have been able to do, just hours after learning such horrific news.

"Better," she responded, deceitfully. There was no way she was going to reveal to Charlie she was still utterly bewildered. It would only make him worry, and really she just wanted to spend the day with him.

"You?" She observed the darkened skin under his beautiful green eyes and a part of her felt guilty. He too looked like he hadn't slept in days.

He offered a small smile in reassurance, lifting one shoulder in a small shrug. "I'm okay,"

"Rebecca said you had some work to do?" She asked after taking several bites from her brunch. Dia was ravenous, and with the food being readily available, she couldn't help eat quickly.

"It's not anything big, I've asked Jasper to c-cover the m-meetings so th-there's n-not much." Dia frowned in response.

"You didn't have to come...I feel much better." She told him, feeling culpable that he had offloaded his work to his best friend. One thing she had learned about Charlie was that he was passionate about his work; it must have been conflicting for him to decide to leave.

"I w-wanted to come." He confessed. "I couldn't concentrate at work, m-my mind was h-here." Dia didn't know how to respond, and she could tell Charlie was nervous about her response.

His mind was buzzing; was what he said appropriate? Could he say that? They were dating; he reminded his brain, taking a deep breath.

was what he said appropriate? Could he say that? They were dating; "Rebecca makes the best eggs, doesn't she?" Dia looked at his plate and his brows furrowed in confusion. He followed her gaze, down to his empty plate and back to her blushing cheeks, not being able to control the laughter that bubbled out of his mouth. Dia had obviously not mastered the art of changing conversation topics.

"You Dia, are s-something else." She shrugged and leaned towards him to gently plant a kiss on his left cheek. She could not quite believe how terrible her reaction was to his sweet words, but the kiss would tell him she liked what he had said, non-verbally at least. Charlie's smile reassured her, and happily, she took another bite of her toast, simpering at his crimson cheeks.

They quickly finished eating, and Dia suggested they start packing her belongings in her bedroom. Charlie, however, had other plans and his newfound confidence allowed him to take her hand and lead her into the lounge.

"What?" She giggled, feeling slightly nervous as she followed his lead.

"Nothing." He smiled, moving the footstool in front of the sofa. "Do you w-want to finish the last episode of M-money Heist?" Dia had terrible eye bags, and she had yawned three times over breakfast. Charlie was also tired, having spent the night tossing and turning so it would be a good excuse for both of them to relax.

Can he read my mind? Was Dia's initial thought. She nodded in excitement, her grin also answering his question as he returned her grin. It was what she had wanted to do last night, and she hadn't suggested her idea to Rebecca so Charlie must have just known. "That sounds like a great idea!" She chirped.

Can he read my mind? They made themselves comfortable and wrapped themselves in the yellow throw, as Charlie loosened his tie and released his top button. She had always considered him attractive, but now that he was beside her, under the bright light from the sun, she took a moment to observe his features. Charlie's brilliant eyes had always captivated her, but as she studied him, she noticed his brunette curls and the small indent on the tip of his nose; it was enough to make her swoon.

They were sat stiffly at first, side by side, but like what had happened on their first date, they gravitated towards one another. Dia was leaning against his chest, and Charlie's arm was wrapped around her, as the episode reached its climax. She took in his woody cologne, and the scent helped her to relax. It made her feel at peace. The complete opposite of the turmoil Dia had battled until that moment. She was far from coming to terms with the memory she had acquired. Still, just having Charlie wrap his arms around her, reminded Dia that things were going to be okay.

She had fought before and she can fight again.

A.N.

A little bit of a filler, but I promise that things are going to pick up.

I'm literally falling asleep at my screen, so just a quick thank you to you all for reading.

Wattpad Analytics has finally been fixed and I had the lovely surprise of seeing how many there are of you that are reading!

Please don't be a silent reader, and give me your thoughts. The good, the bad the ugly. It's the only way I can improve.

To all those that have been commenting, THANK YOU! It truly helps to keep me motivated and I'm so grateful for that!

Have a great weekend!





Love Aamenah <3

Song: Shoulders- For King and Country





Chapter 17.


"That was insane!" Dia exclaimed as the credits began to roll. "When is the next season coming out?" She turned to Charlie, bouncing in her seat as she waited for his answer, expectantly.

"The d-date hasn't been released yet." Charlie grimaced as he told her the bad news. The coffee had done wonders to her, and she had livened up, even moving closer to the edge of her seat as the episode came to an end.

"But...what about Nairobi?" Dia cried out, and he chuckled, only to receive a mock scolding. "Hey! It's not funny. She's my favourite character." She pouted, and Charlie's eyes could help but flick down to her plump lips. She leaned back into the sofa, and immediately he wrapped his arm around her, their eyes making contact.

Looking back into her wide, almond eyes, he smiled, exhaling through his nose. "She is pretty cool." He agreed, nibbling his lower lip. "If you l-like crime based programmes, you will have to watch Prison Break. It's not as a-action based but it's a good show."

"Shall we watch the first episode?" Dia suggested, and he quickly bobbed his head in agreement. Charlie didn't want to move just yet, he was perfectly comfortable just watching television, having Dia in his arms.

The credits rolled once more, and Dia immediately picked up the remote and paused the T.V. so that the next episode wouldn't play. The show was excellent but hard-hitting. It required a slow pace and Dia's eyes were beginning to sting. They had been watching T.V. for three hours, and it was starting to make her feel lethargic.

"S-so erm," he looked at the empty boxes waiting to be packed. The question he desperately wanted to ask was at the tip of his tongue, but Charlie didn't have the strength to ask her. Instead, he released a small sigh, gaining her attention as he gestured to the packing that remained.

"Do you w-want to get s-some packing d-done?" Dia instantaneously frowned but hid her disappointment as she unwrapped herself from Charlie's arms. She didn't want to move from the way she was sat, but the boxes wouldn't be filled by themselves.

"Sure," she agreed, moving over to her prized wall. Charlie used the speaker's Jasper had brought the night before, to play some music and to Dia's delight, most of the playlist were songs from their first date.

"Did you steal my phone or something?" She teased as he neared her, a blush peppering his cheeks as she giggled once more.

"You have a great taste in m-music, okay." He responded, and she replied with a confident "I know". The sound of her laughter was uplifting, and Charlie felt his spirit lift as he watched Dia return to the images on her wall. Recent additions included the photo she had taken of the group at Raja's, her first time eating Indian food, the couple wearing ice-skates and their picnic date. Charlie couldn't help but grin boyishly, as he noticed he was in more pictures than he had expected. There were even a few mugshots Dia had taken, of their days out, and one of him with Jasper and Rebecca made his heart pulse in amour.

"This one's hilarious." He chuckled at the photo of a frightened Dia meeting Tyler, Rebecca's Yorkshire-Terrier for the first time.

Dia shuddered when she realised which image he was looking at. "That was not a good day." She huffed. "I can't stand dogs, they are dirty and smelly and just...scary." Charlie laughed harder, and she thwacked his chest teasingly.

"I had two g-growing up." He told her, and she looked at him, intrigued. It was the first time Charlie had mentioned his own past and upbringing to her, and she was quick to ask rejoinder questions to appease her curiosity.

"What were they like?" Charlie smiled as he gazed into Dia's glowing eyes that held adoration and wonder.

"They were great; we had a-a Dachshund, Benny and M-Margo, a Newfoundland."



"That's the dog in Peter Pan, right?" Dia identified, and he confirmed with a smile.

"Yeah, it's the same one. I didn't h-have any siblings growing up, b-but my dogs meant the world to me. Melissa lived next door, s-so we would take them for walks." He grinned. "There was this one t-time..." He chuckled to himself goofily, and Dia couldn't help but laugh along. "We were walking, passed the lake, and Margo caught s-sight of the ducks. Naturally, she chased a-after the quacking family and Melissa w-was holding her lead, sending the two of them straight into the water." Dia hadn't met Melissa yet, but she could imagine the situation.

"Goodness, she must have been fuming." She assumed and Charlie chortled in agreement.

"Yup." Melissa had always been particular, especially when it came to her appearance. It wasn't anything to do with vanity, it was just her personality, and Charlie genuinely believed the screams she'd emitted were heard from the next town over. It was accurate to say she threw a fit and it was the last time she ever held onto Margo's lead.

"And your parents?" Dia asked cautiously, and Charlie smiled to himself as he unhooked the frames from the wall that Dia was unable to reach due to her height.

"They were amazing." He told her with a small smile. "My mum passed with I was 12, she had c-c-cancer." Charlie swallowed as Dia rubbed his arm comfortingly. "They really loved each other, but it's just one of those things. Dad took it hard, b-but he did his b-best raising me on his own. He met Juliet about four years ago, and they've been travelling f-for the past 6 months, he's really h-happy." Dia felt her heart melt for the man standing beside her. The topic had become dark, but now she could understand Charlie in a way she had never understood him before. His mannerisms, his personality, why he became so anxious at times, it explained it all. Still, Charlie's past didn't define him, it just made him stronger, and she felt blessed that she'd been able to get to know him over such a short period of time.

"You're amazing you know," She told him in a small whisper, as she wrapped her arms around him. She couldn't believe that Charlie had faced such adversity in his life, yet still so unassailable. "And I am so glad to have you in my life."

The green-eyed man didn't like opening up about his past, but he was glad to have found the opportunity to share it with Dia. She had expressed once before that she enjoyed speaking to strangers' because they had stories she didn't have. Her bright smile told him that she had experienced the same feeling, and he knew it would open up future conversations.

Charlie smiled down at her, feeling his heart clench. He kissed her forehead, remaining silent as he hugged her tight. The moment was comforting, and they proceeded to the task at hand, with their hearts linked. A bond had forged between the two and if anything Charlie couldn't help but feel it was another step in the right direction. Melissa was right when she said that he could support her through her mourning, they could connect and work through this together.

As Dia wrapped the frames in bubble wrap, she couldn't help but reflect on her own life. The acquired memories had forced herself to realise that life was so short. Since her accident, she had lived her life with purpose, and after spending more time with Charlie, she knew what her heart wanted.

"I have something to show you," Dia decided after a moment of silence.

"Hmm?" Charlie looked in Dia's direction, watching as she moved away from the wall and into the kitchen where a black notebook had been kept on the table. It was the same notebook that Rebecca had given Dia the night before.

"W-what is it?" Charlie asked as she passed over the spiral bounded paper. Dia gestured for him to open it, biting down on her lower lip nervously. Curiosity got the better of him, and he peeled away the black cover, to find a date and Dia's messy scrawl. His dyslexia made it difficult for him to decipher the letters, and he returned his gaze to Dia's warm eyes.



"When I came out of the hospital, I was frightened that I would forget everything again, so I bought a notebook to write it all down. All of my likes and dislikes, the people I know and trust, it's all in here, and recently, thanks to you, I have been able to add memories too." She tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear with a small smile, as she looked down at the font that matched the letter at the centre of her photo collection.

Charlie could feel his body heat up as he realised that what he was holding, was one of her most valuable possessions. To anyone else, it just resembled a diary, but to Charlie, this was Dia's entire life; this was the core to her being.

"There is a page I want you to see..." With the book was still in his hands, Dia ruffled through the pages, before landing on an entry with Charlie's name eloquently written at the top.

Charlie Jackson.

Charlie Jackson. The first time we met, Charlie was pitching an idea for Rebecca's book cover. His suggestion immediately struck me, and I felt that it would work perfectly with the theme. Charlie is very talented and works hard to please his audience. I know he is a gentleman because, on the first day we met, he walked me back to work despite me spilling coffee all down his blue shirt. We have met up for a few dates, and so far, it's been fantastic.

The first time we met, Charlie was pitching an idea for Rebecca's book cover. His suggestion immediately struck me, and I felt that it would work perfectly with the theme. Charlie is very talented and works hard to please his audience. I know he is a gentleman because, on the first day we met, he walked me back to work despite me spilling coffee all down his blue shirt. We have met up for a few dates, and so far, it's been fantastic. He makes me feel things that I thought could only be encountered in T.V. shows and movies. I have never met someone who carries so many packets of tissues on them, which is ideal because it doesn't take much for me to cry. Charlie makes my heart pound, but at the same time, I feel myself around him. Normal. I want to get to know more about him, I just hope he feels the same way...

He makes me feel things that I thought could only be encountered in T.V. shows and movies. I have never met someone who carries so many packets of tissues on them, which is ideal because it doesn't take much for me to cry. Charlie makes my heart pound, but at the same time, I feel myself around him. Normal. I want to get to know more about him, I just hope he feels the same way... Charlie felt his emotions overwhelm him as he glanced at the raven-haired beauty, biting her lower lip anxiously, as she waited for him to respond. The mini entry she had written made his heart soar, and he couldn't help but feel loved. It was also a small consolidation that Dia hadn't mentioned his stammer, which he knew was a source of his perturbation. He knew deep down that even if he was able to speak, he would have difficulty finding the words to respond. This was how she would want to remember him, and thought made his heart ache with glee.

Sourcing the courage within himself, Charlie closed the book and took a hesitant step forward. The movement led to deafening silence, and the intimate tension forced Charlie to wrap his arms around the girl before him.

Charlie's heart hammered as he felt Dia lift her arm to return his embrace. The intensity of the innocent act forced their emotions to strengthen and tentatively, Charlie pressed his lips against the girl he was falling for. Momentarily Dia froze, but before he could pull away, she wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him closer.

It wasn't a kiss fuelled by passion as she had seen in the many rom-coms that Rebecca had shown her. It was powered by something more profound, it was love.

Breathless, when they pulled away, Dia released a nervous giggle as Charlie's face reddened; their eyes twinkling with excitement. The feelings Dia felt in her heart were indescribable. As she gazed into Charlie's green eyes, she couldn't help but feel a wave of sadness, tip her boat of happiness. It suddenly all became too much and she felt her lungs constrict, forcing her breaths to release quickly through a narrow hole.

Her smile dimmed, and it didn't go unnoticed by the six-foot man before her. "Dia," He croaked as a single tear dribbled down her cheek. Confused by her sudden turn of emotions, he unhooked her arms and took both her hands in his. Gently, he tugged her down so that she was sitting on the floor and he leaned against the wall, between her pictures, as she leaned against him as she began to cry.

Panicked, Charlie removed some tissues from his pocket, and benevolently dried the water escaping her eyes. "T-talk to me..." He begged, feeling helpless as she silently sobbed.



"Charlie... I'm broken." Her voice cracked, and his expression of fear turned to bewilderment. He parted his lips to deny her words, but she interrupted him by continuing. "I don't know what's happening to me..." She paused as Charlie breathed audibly, hoping she would follow his lead.

Dia couldn't understand why she suddenly felt so afraid of what was to come. Her life after leaving the hospital had always been simple. Now with the resurgence of memories, however, things were no longer making sense. Dia took a single deep breath as she attempted to communicate this to the man holding her tight.

"I thought it had disappeared for good, but there is so much I don't know. Finding out my brother could just be the beginning. And now that I know what happened to my parents, I just have so many more questions. Plus, the worst part is that I know it's really bad," Her voice quietened as she sniffled, aversion staining each word as she cried.

Charlie couldn't believe what he was hearing. The woman beside him was perfect in every way, yet she held all of this doubt. Wordlessly, he held her tighter, her shoulders moving as she attempted to catch her breath.

"Dia...I m-met you kn-knowing all of that." He told her, feeling helpless. "I-I asked y-you out, kn-knowing that you h-had no memories, h-having memories won't ch-change my h-heart." He confessed. "Y-you are not broken," Charlie added firmly. "I-in fact erm, I've b-been m-meaning t-to ask y-you and I-I guess now..." His eyes met hers as she frowned, hooking onto each word, desperately waiting for him to continue.

Charlie took a deep breath before continuing. "I've r-really loved getting to know y-you this past m-month. Your smile b-brings light to my g-gloomy mornings and I w-wake up excited to see you. I...I've really grown to care for you."

Charlie felt his cheeks redden as he felt her intensity. She could see the sincerity behind his green globes and his lips upturned slightly, sent a wave of reassurance over her, steadying her boat. His words were meaningful, and never in a million years, did she imagine that she would hear something so precious. So full of love.

"Dia, I know," Charlie took a deep breath, forcing himself to concentrate so that his next line would not be interrupted by repeated syllables. "I know th-that things are difficult b-but I want to be there for you in e-every way p-p-possible. On y-your good days a-and the not s-so good. I-I want to make you happy." Charlie wiped a single tear away with the pad of his thumb, looking into her warm brown eyes, intensely.

"I-If y-you erm..." His eyes were wide with fear of being repudiated, which Dia sensed and responded by cupping his cheek. The intimate gesture was emotionally impassioned, and it encouraged Charlie to continue. "I w-want to be y-your boyfriend. Th-that is if y-you want me, of course..."

Dia paused as she allowed her brain to store and comprehend the information she had just been delivered. It would be classified as denial if she didn't listen to the echoes of her heart and accept the man who had confessed his feelings. She wanted the same thing.

A ghost of a simper pulled at her lips as she bobbed her head, struggling to verbally respond.

"Do y-you really mean that?" Charlie whispered, his voice breathless with disbelief.

"I would love that, Charlie." She whispered, and the couple felt submerged with relief. The silence that followed was filled with shy smiles which led to soft laughter. The music playing the background created the perfect mood.

This time, it was Dia to initiate the next move. She pressed her lips firmly against her partner's lips and felt her whole being, celebrate and rejoice. As she pulled away and looked into Charlie's beautiful eyes, she could feel his soul reach out and connect to hers. Dia knew she had her doubts and her troubles, but while she struggled, she could indulge in the happiness that Charlie gave her. She would be silly not to try.

***

The sound of knocking distracted the couple at 6:20 pm and the front door swung open, interrupting the couple sat intimately on the couch. "Is it safe to look?" Jasper asked, walking blindly, one hand covering his eyes while the other waved about as he tried to gain his bearings. Rebecca and Jonathon watched amused, from behind as Jasper's hip caught the edge of the kitchen table. "Ouch!" He hissed, rubbing his side in pain.

"Sod off Jasper." Charlie rolled his eyes as Dia laughed with her friends. Rebecca's eyes narrowed in on the couples intertwined hands, and a small nod from Charlie confirmed her thoughts.

"Finally!" She jeered, bouncing towards the couple, pulling Dia from the couch, towards her in a tight embrace

"What?" Jonathon asked, placing the white plastic bags on the table.

"He's only gone and asked her!" Rebecca squealed, and Jasper looked to his friend in surprise.

"Did you really?" He asked, and Charlie nodded, embarrassed, as the room filled in excited shouts of joy. Jonathon observed the four adults confused, he seemed to be the only one who didn't understand what was going on.

"Asked her what?" He questioned, looking directly at the couple.

"We're erm, together....officially," Dia confirmed with reddened cheeks, and he smiled, showing off his teeth.

"About ruddy time." He commented with a small chuckle, joining in the excitement.

Deep down, Charlie wanted his friends to scold his friends for overreacting, but for once the compulsive chatterbox held his tongue. Simply enjoying the moment with his most prominent supporters, helped fuel the atmosphere for an incredible night to come.

"I smell food," Dia announced as the party around her began to simmer down. Rebecca offered her a knowing look, a smile growing on her face. Her best friend had her priorities, and food had consistently topped the list.

"Yeah, that's Jasper's fault." Rebecca rolled her eyes, playfully. "Apparently, it was Chinese or nothing. We were hoping to go out but..."

"Take-out is fine." Dia shook her head with a grin. "Providing I can eat it?" She questioned, slightly worried that they may have forgotten she was vegetarian.

"What do you take me for?" Her friend huffed, pulling out a white box of egg-fried rice. "Charlie, Jasper said you like sweet and sour chicken?" He nodded in agreement, gratefully taking the container from her and the group munched chattering about their day.

Just under 24 hours ago, Dia had learned a little more about her past. It was painful, and she had been able to hide her pain well. Her heart was still in mourning. But as Dia looked at her loved ones around her, a sweet smile lit up her face. She attended to how Jonathon fed Rebecca with his chopsticks and Jasper and Charlie boisterously laughed and teased one another. Dia was hurt, but she was also happy. Thrilled to be a part of the lives of the people around her; just as she valued each and one of them in hers.

Charlie glanced sideways to see Dia had stopped eating. At first, he was concerned, but when he saw the smile light up, on her face, his heart whispered something he hadn't expected to hear; he was falling in love with Dia, hard and fast. His heart thumped for her; she was the reason for his very core.

A.N.

Another chapter and finally, we have our first kiss! It only took 17 chapters to get there aha. I really hope you all loved this chapter, we are finally see some developments!

Anyways, don't forget to comment and vote! Please let me know your thoughts!

What do you guys think about the image, I'm thinking to use it as the cover, but I am just terribly indecisive!





Song: Breathe, James Arthur.





Chapter 18.


"Is that everything?" Jonathon asked as he lowered the roof of the boot of his car. Rebecca had insisted that they took Dia's belongings to her new place, rather than hire a van. As Dia was working during the day, the actual move of her belongings had been postponed to the evening.

Dia already had the keys, and since Rebecca and Jonathon were going to help her unpack, it made sense to take her there themselves. It was almost symbolic as the two had also been there for her when she was moved into her first apartment. Charlie and Jasper had agreed to meet them at Dia's new home, as it was only a short drive away from their office, and since Jasper had his car, it cut their journey in half. Timing-wise, everything had worked out perfectly.

"I think so." Dia nodded with an excited smile. "I'll just do a final swoop." She re-entered the barren apartment, now a shell of the home she once had. Dia would miss the countertops and her yellow walls that she had painted all those months ago. She was still fond of the colour and had bought new paint, after being permitted by her landlord. Charlie had promised to help her re-decorate on Saturday, and deep down, she was excited as it was another opportunity to spend some time together.

This was the home that Dia discovered her identity, despite not having her memories. Her next apartment would allow her to develop and grow, immersing herself into the person she chose to be. It was a bittersweet moment moving away, but it was time, and Dia was ready.

"That's everything." She concluded, walking back out of the apartment.

"Great!" Rebecca enthused. "Come on then, if we leave now, we'll miss the traffic on the motorway." They belted themselves into the vehicle and Jonathon turned up the radio as they drove.

The forty-minute drive was extended by an additional twenty-five, due to the congestion. It was rush-hour after all, and the trio was fortunate the delay wasn't any longer. It also helped that Jonathon had a great music playlist to keep them occupied.

Charlie and Jasper were just waiting outside of the building when they arrived, and Charlie was quick to greet them first, opening Dia's door and wrapping his arms around her.

"Hey" She grinned as the cold began to freeze her cheeks, and immediately he rubbed her arms in an attempt to keep her warm.

"Hi" Charlie grinned. "How was y-your day?"

"It was good. The university asked me to sign my full-term contract, so now I'm an official employee."

"That's really great news Dia, I'm so p-proud of you." He celebrated, and she glowed rouge under his praise.

"Ahem," A voice announced his arrival before she could respond, and she turned to see a familiar red-haired man standing behind Charlie, his expression of mock annoyance.

"Hey, Jasper." She greeted, the smile reaching her eyes; it was a true representation of how she felt.

"Took you long enough." He complained, rubbing his hands together to show he was not coping well with the weather.

"Oh hush, we told you we were stuck in traffic, you could have gone to the local chippy, or stayed in the car if you were that cold." She scolded as he playfully rolled his eyes. "Were you waiting long?" Dia then turned to Charlie, concerned that he may have been out in the freeze longer than she had expected.

He shook his head with a close-mouthed smile. "Only about ten minutes, we were still at the o-office when you messaged." He reassured her and relief flooded her system, it was absolutely freezing. "So, are y-you ready for this?

"As I'll ever be," She grinned, and he pecked her lips. It had only been three days since the couple decided to take the next step in their relationship, but their confidence towards one another had grown immensely. Small gestures such as hand-holding, cuddles and light pecks now felt natural. Innate. It caused the two to feel giddy just at the thought, and it didn't go unnoticed by the others. Particularly Jasper who was watching the couple with a pleasing smile tainted with mischief.



"Let's keep it PG," He warned, playfully, gaining a glare for Charlie almost instantly.

"Sorry, Jas, I forgot there were children present." Dia shot back cheekily, and the group chuckled as his expression turned to shock.

"And she comes back!" He cheered as Dia rolled her eyes playfully. "I must say Dia, I never knew you were feisty."

The brunette stuck out her tongue as Charlie interlaced his hand with hers. To see his girlfriend get on well with his best friend was both a relief and exciting. The three hadn't had the opportunity to hang out, outside of a work setting, but Charlie knew Dia would fit in with his friendship circle without any problems. She was incredibly easy-going, and it was a quality that made people feel comfortable talking to her.

"Come on you lot, we haven't got all night," Jonathon called as he unlocked his car. Dia grimaced as she watched the husband and wife duo begin to unload the van.

"We'll get i-it done." Charlie supported, hiding his true feelings that the task seemed monstrous by taking her hand. Dia smiled gratefully in response as he led her to their friends. As Dia didn't have that many belongings, to begin with, it only took four trips for the group of five to carry her things up the stairs. Rebecca had ascertained all of the boxes were labelled with where they belonged, as well as what they contained. It was easy for the group to immediately disperse and begin putting things away.

***

The sound of knocking interrupted the group from their designated tasks as they looked up in confusion. Jasper and Charlie were putting a sofa together, in the lounge. The women were organising the kitchen; a pre-made shepherd's pie in the oven, causing the helper's mouths to water at the hearty aroma that now filled the flat. And, Jonathon was placing a shower curtain up in the bathroom. Music was playing in the background, filling the comfortable silence as they continued to work, each motivated to set up the apartment as quickly as they could.

"It must be the landlady." Dia considered aloud to answer their questioning gazes. She took a deep breath before moving into the obscured hallway, opening the door wide. Only, it was not Miranda standing in front of her but a familiar boy of Asian descent, holding a plate of fried triangles.

"Hi...?" Dia smiled, unsure of what more she could say.

The boy's mouth formed in an "oh" in recognition before he too grinned. "It's you, from the restaurant!" He identified, and she blinked.

Restaurant? She questioned before realisation struck her like a lightning bolt.

"Oh, oh, yes. You were the waiter from Raja's?" She identified, and the boy nodded with a grin.

"Sorry," He apologised, "Where are my manners?" He balanced the plate with one hand, lifting the other for her to shake. "My name is Amit, I live down the hall."

Dia shook his hand, respectfully, mirroring his grin. "It's lovely to see you again Amit, I'm Dia."

"Dia." Amit echoed. "That's a nice name." He commented with a small smile. "Er, well, these are for you, a sort of welcome to the block. My mum wanted to give them herself, but she got side-tracked looking after my grandpa." She looked down at the plate he was holding, her mouth-watering at the sight.

"That's awfully kind of her, she didn't have to." Dia smiled gratefully. "What are they?"

Surprise flitted across Amit's face, but he responded eagerly. "They're samosas." He explained. "Erm, they can have lots of different fillings, but generally they are savoury, and they are deep-fried. Although now there is this whole oven samosa thing, trust me fried is the best." He rambled, and Dia couldn't help but provide a simper. It seemed she wasn't the only one on the floor that spoke on instinct.



"Well, they look delicious. I am looking forward to trying them." She responded, and he nodded appreciatively.

The silence that followed was slightly awkward, and so she decided to introduce him to her friends, knowing they would be just as curious to know who had arrived.

"My friends from the restaurant are here if you want to say hi?"

"Oh, erm, sure," He grinned as she moved slightly so that he could follow her into the lounge area. As she predicted, the group had gathered into the lounge area, waiting patiently with the desire to know who had knocked, etched into their features.

"Guys," Dia announced. "Do you remember the waiter from the Indian place we went to a few weeks ago?"

Rebecca nodded with a small smile, and Charlie's eyebrows raised in recognition "Turns out he's my neighbour..." Amit and Dia chuckled nervously at the coincidence as he walked around her so he could be seen. "And he brought samosas." She winced at her terrible pronunciation, but it did not dim Amit's smile.

"Nice to see you all again." Amit waved to the group, amicably.

"You too," Jonathon smiled. "I'm glad Dia has a familiar face in the area." Amit nodded with a grin.

"Yeah, she's in good hands here. At the moment it's just me, my ma and grandad at the end of the corridor, and Mrs Jones lives next door with her grandson." He briefly explained. "Do you guys need any help, with the place?" Amit offered, and Jasper hastily agreed.

"If you don't mind, we need help putting the cupboard on the wall."

"Sure." Amit removed his shoes, placing them next to the pile and followed Jasper and Charlie into the main bedroom, as Dia returned to the kitchen, putting the plate of food onto the table.

"That's a strange coincidence," Rebecca murmured just loud enough for Dia to hear her.

"I know right," Dia exclaimed in agreement. "I don't think it's necessarily a bad thing though. He seems nice."

"Yeah, he does. He doesn't seem familiar to you in any way though does he?" Rebecca pressed and Dia expressed denial by shaking her heard.

"I know you're thinking about his sister, the one I look like but I think if we were related, I would feel it, Rebecca. In my heart. At the moment, he couldn't be more of a stranger than the person I spoke to on the train this morning." Rebecca nodded, abandoning the conversation by moving onto where Dia's could place her larger pots and pans. As she was short, they would need to be stored in a way that she would be able to reach them.

Dia couldn't help but run what Rebecca was suggesting through her mind. Amit had claimed his sister had passed, and her own recollection of her brother was of someone older. Her new neighbour couldn't have looked older than 20, making him three years her junior. Though the notion was exciting, Dia knew better than to get her hopes up. Just because she looked like someone, it didn't mean she was that person.

The three emerged twenty minutes later, seemingly having bonded over football, which was the conversation they were holding.

"So, anyone wants a samosa?" Dia asked, and three hands instantly swiped them from the platter.

"Damn, these are good." Jasper complimented, his mouth-full and Amit grinned his thanks. Rebecca and Dia simply shook their hands in disapproval, amusement hinting at their lips.

"What, I'm starving," He whined.

"The pie will be done in ten minutes," Dia reassured him. "What's inside?" She asked quietly to Rebecca, hoping to not sound offensive to her guest.



Rebecca looked at the filling from the one she had bitten into. "It's just potato hun, suitable for vegetarians." She confirmed before Dia took one from the plate. She took a second and walked over to Charlie, who had returned to the lounge area to finish off the screwing the leg into the sofa.

"Want one?" She offered, and he nodded. His hands were full, and so she neared the triangle to his mouth, and he took a bite.

"Goodness, those are good." He complimented, after swallowing. Dia took a bite of her own and realised she agreed the moment the potato filling hit her taste buds. The flavour was homely, bordering familiar which she reasoned through her unknown Indian routes. She expressed her delight to Amit immediately.

"Wow," She smiled, offering more to Charlie, who gladly took another mouthful. "Amit, you'll have to get me the recipe from your mum. These are great."

"Family secret I'm afraid, Dia." He chuckled, and she frowned playfully.

She took another bite, allowing the creamy filling to tingle her taste buds as she considered both flavour and texture. "It's cumin." She guessed after a few moments thought. "Cumin, potato and maybe mango powder?"

"How did you guess?" Amit asked surprised, and Dia grinned in delight.

"I like cooking." She shrugged, "Baking mostly, but I love experimenting. Since I know the secret, I'll be able to get that recipe, right?" Amit nodded with a wide grin.

"I think I'll have to introduce you to my ma first. If you like cooking, the two of you will get on like a house on fire." Dia agreed instantly, the thought of knowing her neighbours, ones who were kind and inviting was homely. She knew it would make her adjustment more blissful if she got to know those living on her floor.

Two hours later, the home was almost complete. Amit had joined them for dinner before having to leave to study for his upcoming exams. Jonathon was now attaching the electrical cords for the TV and the only box remaining contained Dia's photos. She desperately wanted to hang them up, but there wasn't any point as she would have to take them down to paint her entrance hallway, which was where she wanted to place them.

"Man, why did it take so long to pack everything compared to putting it away?" Jasper commented, throwing himself onto the newly built couch.

"Oh, I don't know, maybe because you actually helped this t-time." Charlie teased, and Jasper responded by sticking out his tongue.

"In all seriousness, though, Dia, the place looks great." She thanked him with a smile, nodding in agreement.

"I think this calls for a party," Rebecca suggested, and Jonathon groaned in response. It was evident who the party-goer in their relationship was, as he wrinkled his nose at the thought.

"Does it have to?" He complained, but one look stopped his objection. Despite clearly loving one another, personality wise Rebecca and Jonathon couldn't have been any more different.

"We already told Dr Ranj that we would have a get-together," Dia explained, with a small grimace. "But the planning is all on Rebecca. It needs to be small." She highlighted the last word to which her best friend responded to, by crossing her heart.

"Will there be alcohol?" Jasper asked, his eyes shining and Dia quickly shot down the idea.

"I think not, Dr Ranj's daughters will probably come, and they are young. Plus, you'll probably wreck my apartment, and I doubt you'll be the one to clean up your mess." He offered her a guilty smile which the group laughed at knowingly.

"So, w-what date were you thinking?" Charlie asked, wrapping an arm around Dia's shoulder, as they leaned back into the sofa.

Rebecca pondered for a moment before considering her thoughts aloud. "Well, Dia will have to settle in first and get used to her new commute, but it can't be too late as it's a housewarming party." She removed her phone from her jeans pocket and pulled up the calendar application. "Is the thirtieth okay for everyone, it's pretty soon?"



They all nodded in agreement, and Rebecca stole Dia for the rest of the night to discuss planning. Charlie could see that Dia wasn't bothered about the party and her smile had deepened as Rebecca entered a new trance. She was doing this for her friend, selflessly, another trait he had discovered and found admirable in Dia. It didn't take long for him to recognise within himself, it was another reason as to why he was falling in love with her.

***

*** Eight days later:

Eight days later: "I can't b-believe I'm d-doing this." Charlie raised his head so that Melissa could adjust his tie. The week had passed very quickly, and the thought of a party was daunting.

"Hold still," She insisted, not hearing his muttering, as she focussed her conversation. "Okay...yeah, I think I've got it." Charlie turned around to face the mirror, smoothing down his navy tie. He had trapped his fingers in a drawer at work, making his right hand utterly useless as his fingers were now strapped with tape.

"Thanks." He nodded in appreciation, genuinely glad that Melissa was present to help his dress smartly.

"I can't believe she invited me," Melissa told him honestly, admiring her bottle green midi-dress, in the mirror as she stood next to her friend.

"I know," Charlie agreed.

"You didn't ask her too, did you?" She pressed, and he adamantly shook his head.

"No, this w-was all her. She knows we're good friends and that d-despite our past, w-we have moved on s-so..." He trailed off, and Melissa grinned.

"I think you've got lucky with this one." She confirmed, quickly braiding her hair down the middle so that it was no longer falling into her eyes.

"I think so t-too." Charlie thought back to when Dia had decided to ask Melissa to her party. Rebecca was also involved in the conversation, and she was discussing the guest list when she turned to Charlie and asked if his current flat-mate would like to come. He had told her it wasn't necessary, but Dia reasoned that now that they were a couple, she wanted to meet the people in his life like he would be able to meet those in hers. When Charlie returned home and asked Melissa, she had ecstatically said yes, having to want to meet Dia ever since she stole Charlie's heart. Once more, Mel's reaction was a surprise and it was mirrored when he confirmed to Dia, she would be in attendance.

"How are you feeling?" Melissa asked Charlie as he clumsily slid on his shoes. She had sensed he wasn't doing too well by his trembling hands and deep breaths and knew it was best that they spoke through his qualms instead of letting them fester and result in a panic attack.

"Terrible, to be h-honest. Today, I am m-meeting p-pretty much e-everyone in Dia's l-life, I have to m-make a g-good impression." Charlie couldn't lie for toffee; it was best he told Melissa the truth so that she could help calm him down.

Melissa leaned on the wall as she tugged on her boots, smiling in understanding. "Charlie, you need to remember that Dia chose to be with you, okay. That everyone there will be aware that you are together and that they are happy for you. I'm sure you already know most of the guests, anyway."

Charlie closed his eyes and took another deep breath to regain his composure. Melissa was right; he could get passed this. For Dia.

"Besides, if all goes to hell at least there will be cake," Melissa added, and Charlie offered her a dry look for her disastrous attempt to look at the bright side. Ever since he had been seeing Dia he had been eating cake on a weekly basis. Dia was an avid baker and she carved and produced deserts masterfully. It had quickly become one of Charlie's favourite desserts, and it was an assurance that whatever she created, would be delicious.

Charlie released a weak simper in response and Melissa grinned in relief. "There it is!" She cheered. "Now come on, do you have the flowers?" He nodded, and they departed the premises, anticipating the party he had helped plan.

A.N.

A.N. So another set up for you all but I really hope you liked this chapter! This week has been insane, one of the girls I am working with used aided communication to tell me to stop singing, which was incredible as she is selectively mute with autism, I would have been offended but I am so proud of her!

Also dedication to @FiftyShadesOfTimmy for the amazing cover! I think it works perfectly for this story and I hope you all agree.

Don't forget to vote and send your comments, I absolutely love hearing your thoughts <3 We have surpassed 2000 reads and I just don't have the words to express how thankful I am!

Love Aamenah <3

Song: Way Back Home- Shaun ft Connor Maynard





Chapter 19.


The day of the party had arrived, and Dia felt nervous. The past week had led to sleepless nights in anticipation, worried that she wouldn't play out the perfect role of being a hostess for her first gathering. Knowing she had support from her friends, was a small reassurance to the nightmares she had imagined, but it was not enough to settle her doubt.

To celebrate the occasion, Dia had dressed in a navy playsuit with yellow tights. Fret forced her to wake earlier than usual, and so she even had time to style her wavy hair into ringlets, using online videos for inspiration. Make-up helped to hide her eye bags, but the smile she produced in front of the mirror was genuine. Her anxiety had failed to mask her pure excitement for what the day would bring.

Rebecca had arrived the night before to help set up the small room area. Balloons were tied to weights around the apartment, in bunches of three and bunting was attached to the mantle reading 'Home Sweet Home'. They had also spent their evening baking, and so Dia used the time she had to spare, organising the sweet treats on the table. She had decided to keep things simple for the small number of guests arriving, keeping to a large cake, brownies and a selection of different flavoured biscuits.

Dr Ranj was bringing his daughters; Bree and Anya, her new neighbours, and her small circle of friends had all confirmed their attendance. Dia had also extended her invitation to Melissa, who she recognised as Charlie's oldest friend and current roommate. Though she was unsure about meeting the woman who was also her boyfriend's ex, she knew they were bound to meet eventually. At least this way, their assemblage would be planned and with positive intentions.

Even Rebecca was surprised when she had asked Charlie if Melissa would like to come, but she had her reasons. At least at a party, Dia could escape and mingle with other guests if either of them felt uncomfortable. A formal meet up, or to bump into her at Charlie's apartment would have been awkward, to say the least.

The doorbell rang and she smoothed down her attire, taking a deep breath to reveal Charlie behind the closed door. His arms were tucked behind his back, and his jaw dropped slightly as he took in his partner. The thought I am so lucky crossed his mind and he was quick to articulate his thoughts. "Y-you look beautiful." He confessed.

I am so lucky Dia grinned stepping closer, leaning on her tip-toes to give him a chaste kiss, allowing Charlie to receive a waft of her delicious perfume. "I bought y-you these," He presented and she took them surprised, knowing she hadn't revealed to Charlie that they were her favourite.

"Sunflowers, how did you know?" She asked, raising them to smell. He shrugged teasingly, and she grinned, linking their hands and pulling him into her home. "Come in then, no one's here yet"

"Well, th-that's not completely true," he hinted, leaving the door ajar to exhibit the blonde who had driven him to the party.

"Dia, erm this is M-Melissa." Charlie introduced, and Dia looked up from the flowers she had placed on the table. Her first thoughts were that Melissa was stunning. She had voluminous blonde hair and brown eyes, far more beautiful than her own features. She was also slender and tall, and the comparison to a model was not far out of reach.

Instinctively Dia wanted to compare herself to the beautiful figure that towered over her but when Charlie wrapped his arm around her waist, it reminded her that she needn't worry about something so material. Of course, this was something simpler to think than persuade herself. But, this was Charlie's oldest friend, and if she meant something to him, then that was more than enough to see past any jealousy or anger for the hurt, Melissa had once caused.

"It's great to finally meet you." Dia enthused. "Charlie has told me lots about you."

"All good things, I hope." Melissa chuckled. She instantly liked Dia and agreed that she was perfect for Charlie. She had watched their interaction when they greeted one another, from a little further down the hall, wanting to give them their own space and she couldn't be happier for her oldest friend.



The raven-haired woman nodded enthusiastically in response. "I think there was a story about Margo," Dia teased, and Melissa's jaw widened in shock, slapping Charlie's arm in surprise.

"Out of all things, Charlie!" She scolded, but her widened smile told the couple she wasn't upset. Charlie simply shrugged, amused.

"Anyways," Melissa changed the subject. "Congratulations on the new home." She presented Dia the card and Dia opened it instantly, the neatly printed message causing her heart to squeeze in joy.

"Thank you so much," Dia placed the card upright so that her soon-to-be arriving guests, could see it. "Why don't you make yourself comfortable, while I finish this?" Dia gestured to the flowers that she was going to cut the stems off.

"Most people should be arriving soon, Rebecca and Jonathon are on their way so..." Melissa nodded, rhapsodically with a smile.

"Sounds great, do you mind if I check out your photos?" She pointed towards the door they had entered the lounge through and Dia shook her head in response. Her pictures seemed to have that effect on most people when they saw them for the first time. Dia reasoned that it was most likely because there were so many, yet each individual image stood out from amongst the rest and she watched as the blonde escaped into the hallway with a small grin.

Charlie lingered, sitting at the table as Dia worked. "She's nice," Dia commented when she noticed her boyfriend was watching her.

"Yeah, she's alright." Charlie smiled, happy to see that the two were getting along. Although deep down, he knew they would. Melissa may have her flaws, but so did every human and Dia had so much love to give. Charlie knew that she would at least try to make an effort and that for him, was more than enough.

"It, erm, meant a lot that you invited h-her," Charlie added. "I know the circumstances are awkward, but..." Dia covered Charlie's hand with hers, offering it a small squeeze, intentionally interrupting his ramble.

"It was about time we met." Dia acknowledged, reassuringly. "And, she's important to you. Besides, it makes things a lot easier when I come round to yours, and she's there." Dia added with a small chuckle as Charlie's ears tinged red. He hadn't had the opportunity to ask Dia round, partly because her home was more convenient in regards to location as they were both working in Leicester. Still, to think that she would want to, it sent his heart into overdrive.

The guests soon arrived, and despite Dia's apprehension, it didn't take long for her nerves to settle and her enjoyment to take its place. Her guests had clumped into groups; Charlie was talking to Dr Ranj, and his daughter's had met Alfie, the young boy that lived next door, so they had like-minded company. Melissa was talking animatedly with Sam, and Dia couldn't help notice their body language. Their giggles, tentative touches and the way Melissa twirled her hair were all indicative of something more than an introductory conversation and it was pleasant to see.

Meanwhile, Jasper, Jonathon and Rebecca were discussing Christmas decorations rather loudly. According to red-head, the beginning of November was far too early to put up the lights, but Rebecca disagreed. Jonathon, as always remained impartial, letting the two bicker with a hint of amusement tainting his lips.

"Dia," She turned in the direction to where she was being called and smiled welcomingly to Amit and the two people behind him.

"Amit, I'm so glad you could make it." She enthused.

"We're happy to be here. The place looks great." He complimented. "Nana, this is Dia; Dia, this is my grandad." Amit formally introduced. She had already met his mother, Auntie Rhea when she invited her over for dinner earlier in the week. After Amit had told his ma that Dia had guessed her samosa recipe, she had forced him to bring Dia to their home to try some more Indian food. Nana was visiting some friends, and so this was the first time she had graced her eyes on the elderly man.



"It's nice to meet you." Dia shook his hand, feeling her stomach turn as he stared at her, eyes wide as saucers. It was the same look Amit had given her at the restaurant and forced her to gulp as she considered how she could respond.

Amit chuckled to himself as he looked at his family. "I told you, she looks just like Priya," Amit stated triumphantly, and his grandfather nodded dumbfounded. Dia sunk her teeth into her bottom lip as she waited for some form of reaction. It took Amit gripping his grandfather's hand to pull him out of his trance.

"I'm so sorry." Auntie Rhea apologised. "It's true that you just look exactly how I expected my daughter to look at your age. Nana was especially close to her." Dia tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear as she smiled sympathetically,

"Y-yeah, Amit mentioned he had a sister, I am so sorry for your loss." Dia had been glad that Auntie Rhea hadn't mentioned her daughter when she went over for dinner. Still, it seemed now that Nana had met her, the topic was inescapable.

Amit's grandfather took half a step closer, observing Dia closely. His almond grey eyes, filled with unshed tears as a ghost smile appeared on his lips.

"Dad," Auntie Rhea touched his shoulder, and he blinked, taking a step back. "Do you know what your name means?" He asked directly, and the brunette shook her head. "It directly means light, but it also means 'to give'," He explained. "Our Priya was stolen from us, but now I look at you and feel she is no longer gone." The grandfather sniffled, and hesitantly Dia squeezed his wrinkled hand. "You were given to us from God and I consider it a gift." He stated firmly. "God put you here for a reason, and I know you live alone, so think of us like your family, now." The warm words caused Dia's heart to clench and Rhea released a tear as she smiled at the two.

"Family dinner is every third Friday of the month," Rhea spoke softly. "Nana likes to take out the carom board too, you will have to come." Dia didn't know what a carom board was and she made a mental note to ask Amit, not wanting to question the people in front of her. Their offer was extraordinarily heartfelt, and Dia couldn't help but feel at home with the people around her. It was a bizarre feeling, but one Dia hoped to feel more often.

"I would love to." She responded with a smile. Nana smiled warmly, and the trio departed, off to mingle with the other guests. Amit mouthed "sorry" over his shoulder, but she shook her head, in disapproval of his apology, with a simper. Dia took a deep breath, smoothed down her shorts and walked to the counter to have some water, where Charlie was stood.

"Everything okay?" Charlie asked; he had noticed her interaction with Amit's family and her wide eyes as a result of that conversation. She nodded as she drank.

"Yeah, I think so." She responded verbally, placing her drained glass onto the wood. "How about you?"

"Well," He chuckled, rubbing the back of his neck. "I d-did just have a g-grilling from Dr Ranj but other than that, I'm all good."

Dia chuckled, shaking her head. "Oh gosh, what did he say?"

"He just w-wanted to make sure that I treated you right. Otherwise, I-I should remember that he is a d-doctor that could easily h-have me locked in a psych unit if I-I mess up." Charlie grimaced as Dia laughed harder, holding her stomach.

His grimace soon turned into a smile as he watched his girlfriend wipe away tears of happiness. "Goodness, that got me good." She sniffled.

Dia had been under so much stress. In a week, she had met her neighbours, moved home and confronted the limited knowledge she had of her past. Fortunately, Charlie had helped all of that disappear. Just one stark comment and she could feel the pressure disperse, he truly made her happy.

Lovingly, she pecked his cheek and took his hand to the centre of the room where Rebecca had raised her glass, to call everyone's attention.

"Hi everyone," She looked at the crowd around her. "So, today we're all here to celebrate Dia's move to her new home. So firstly, a huge congratulations is in order for my best friend. She has come so far, and we couldn't be more proud of her." Rebecca glanced at her red-faced friend. Despite sporting a bright smile, Dia wasn't that comfortable withholding all of the attention. "Anyway, before she kills me for giving her more attention than she would like," Dia mockingly glowered, and Rebecca responded by sticking out her tongue. "I'm just going to wrap this up by saying, it was nice to see everyone, help yourself to cake and to Dia." She toasted, raising her glass.

The guests each raised their glasses for Dia, taking long sips before separating back to their individual conversations.

"Thank you for that." Dia wrapped Rebecca in a tight hug. "And for everything, I wasn't sure on the idea, but I'm so thankful we did this. It was nice to see everyone."

"Of course," Rebecca held her tightly. "I'm so proud of you." She whispered, and Dia responded by pressing a kiss to her cheek.

"Is there a knife for this thing?" Jasper distracting the pair and gained Dia's attention. His gaze was fixed on the giant cake that Dia had baked, centred on the table. He stood with a look of excitement, dancing on the balls of his feet as he waited with a plate and blue napkin, in hand.

"Oh, erm, I'll just grab one." Dia released Rebecca, who rolled her eyes playfully as she noticed Charlie and Jonathon join the queue in anticipation. "Just give me a second," She smiled at the trio.

"Come on, get a move on! This cake is demanding to be eaten!" Jasper complained, and Dia slowed down her pace, as she walked backwards gauging his reaction. Charlie and Jonathon laughed boisterously as the man child pouted and stomped his foot.

"Oh, grow up Jas." She sang playfully with a giggle, turning around and heading into the kitchen area.

The kitchen was empty, and Dia took the silence to catch her breath by taking another glass of water, after locating the knife she had previously set out. Even though she had already hydrated herself, she couldn't help but feel severely parched. The day had gone incredibly well, and she was exhausted. As much as she enjoyed the role of hostess, she knew she wouldn't be putting herself back in the position for a while. It was definitely more Rebecca's forte.

The coolness of the liquid soothed her throat, but a sudden heat appeared inside of her head. Her mind became clouded, and she staggered backwards, dizzy from the peculiar sensation. Pressing a hand to her head as her vision became blurred, her head began to pound.

Blindly, she searched for the counter in an attempt to gain her balance, as flashing images arose. Dia took deep breaths to calm herself, but the wave came crashing over her, knocking her backwards. Forcing the breath in her lungs to escape.

And then she was falling, and she no longer saw her kitchen and the counters she was familiarised with, but the memories she considered forever lost.

A.N.

A.N. I know, I know, it's super short for what you'd expect but this chapter would have been way too long so naturally there is a cliffhanger in place. You did also have an extra update on Wednesday so I hope you can forgive me.

At least Dia finally met Melissa, and it was not awkward!



Anyways, as always I hope you liked the chapter and I can't wait to hear your thoughts!

Lots of love, Aamenah <3



Song: Breakaway- Kelly Clarkson.





Chapter 20.


A blood-curdling scream silenced the party. Within moments happy smiles were exchanged with grave expressions and conversations immediately ceased. Heads turned in search for the host and Charlie felt his heart hammer as he looked amongst the small crowd in the lounge. Without a word, he abandoned his conversation with Jonathon, hastily following the terrifying sound. Fear and concern weighed his shoulders as he avoided everyone's eye gaze.

No words could describe the scene before him as he entered the kitchen. The pulsing organ in his chest stopped as his stomach plummeted, hands quivering as he watched his love scream out in agony.

Dia was lying on the ground, her knees bent and eyes wide open in pure terror. Glass peppered the floor, and the smell of blood forced his head to spin. It was something from a nightmare.

Kneeling before her, he frantically attempted to gain her attention physically by holding onto her hands. In response, Dia thrashed, throwing her head back as she cried out "STOP! PLEASE, I BEG OF YOU! LET ME GO!" Charlie immediately released her, his fear forcing him to freeze.

"PLEASE," Dia pleaded. Her voice was tainted with pain and affliction. It forced Charlie's heart to split in two, as he looked down at the girl he loved.

"What's going...Shit" Rebecca's jaw dropped as she entered the kitchen area. "Charlie, get Dr Ranj, I'll hold her." She acted quickly, ignoring the glass as she kneeled on the other side of Dia. Taking the towel from the rail, Rebecca folded it and placed it under Dia's head in a make-shift cushion.

"R-Reb-becca...w-what c-can I-I do?" He keened, watching as Dia's slowly began to relax. It was clear his mind had been elsewhere, the first time Rebecca instructed him. He thought that seeing Dia relax would calm him, but as he watched her warm brown eyes dim, his anxiety strengthened.

"Charlie" Rebecca glanced at the shaking man in front of her, pulling his hair in worry. "I need you to get Ranj." She repeated her order slowly as she unfastened the top three buttons on Dia's playsuit and moved her into the recovery position.

Charlie nodded once and exited in search of the doctor. Fortunately, Ranj was already on his way to the kitchen and his concern was evident. When he asked what was happening, Charlie's voice became paralysed and he found himself groping the words he wants to say. Overcome by his emotions, he pulled Ranj into the small area and stayed by the door, giving the pair some space.

Immediately, Ranj ordered Rebecca to call an ambulance upon assessing the scene. He rolled up his sleeves and targeted Dia's hand, which was the source of the blood. Wrapping the wound as best as he could, with a towel, he took over Rebecca's role of holding Dia lightly in the recovery position, as Rebecca reached for her mobile, as she continued to tremble.

"How did this happen?" He asked, and Rebecca shook her head, raising the phone to her ear. She didn't know.

Charlie felt himself reach breaking point, his own tears blurring his vision, as his personal turmoil began to take over. Suffocated by the small room, Charlie wordlessly escaped into the bathroom hoping to find some breathing space. The scent of rust, which he associated with blood, caused his stomach to burn and he bent over the toilet bowl, expelling the food he had consumed in the last four hours.

Weak, Charlie pressed his face against the tile wall, hoping that the coolness would help his thoughts organise themselves. All he could see was Dia in pain. And he had been helpless to support her. His demons had taken over, and Charlie couldn't help but release his own sob.

Jasper found him three minutes later, with a glass of water. He sat cross-legged, watching Charlie raise the cup with quivering hands to his dry lips, his mind unable to find the correct words to acknowledge the situation.



"What happened, mate?" He asked tentatively, after ten minutes of silence. Charlie shook his head, water dribbling down his cheeks, and Jasper's expression deepened in concern. "Charlie, you need to talk to me, okay." He pressed. "You can't just bottle up your emotions, it's not healthy."

"E-Every-o-one n-needs t-to g-g-go ho-home." He stammered in a croaky voice and Jasper nodded in understanding.

"They've already gone," He reassured, not that it made much difference to him. It was clear that Charlie had entered his own state of shock. He couldn't focus on what he was seeing, his mind had remained transfixed. All he could see was Dia howl out in pain, her body writhing. The sound of her screams and the smell of her blood. It was enough to persuade him to lean over the toilet bowl once more, and Jasper rubbed his back, in support.

After a few more moments, Charlie was helped onto his feet, and Jasper aided him into the lounge area, where only Jonathon and Ranj's daughters remained. Charlie didn't have a moment to comprehend the uneasiness engraved into the trio's faces. He couldn't concentrate, and it was only until the paramedics burst through the entrance did his heart begin to palpate. and force him to face what was happening.

After a few short moments, Dia was rolled out of the kitchen area, on a gurney and Charlie staggered to his feet. "I-is she g-going to b-be okay?" He forced himself to speak and the two offered grim expressions in response.

"It's hard to say, sir." The shorter ambulance-woman spoke. "But what we do know is that she is currently stable and will be given the best of our care." Her eyes met Dr Ranj's, who nodded once, and the paramedics began to roll Dia out of the apartment.

To a stranger, Dia could easily pass as sleeping, but Charlie could see past that. Her eyes were closed tightly, causing her eye-lids to scrunch up in tension, and her expression was far from peaceful.

"I-I want t-to go w-with her." He stated and Rebecca softly touched his upper arm to gain his attention.

"I'll take you." She promised. "Let Ranj go with the ambulance, he can run his tests quicker then." Charlie wanted to be selfish and deny Rebecca's suggestion, but all he could do was numbly, nod in agreement.

"W-what happened?" Rebecca chewed on her lower lip as she considered an appropriate response.

"Has Dia ever told you that she suffers from PTSD?" She responded with a question, in a small voice, and Charlie shook his head. The thoughts that consumed his mind were split in two; part of him prayed that this was all one big misunderstanding and that Dia would be fine. The other part was fuelled by perturbation as his brain fired hundreds of questions of what the diagnosis could mean.

Rebecca swallowed with some difficulty before continuing. "I will explain everything to you at the hospital. You just need to know she's going to be alright." She decided to cut the conversation short, knowing that it would best to discuss this Charlie privately. Partly to protect Dia's confidentiality and because what she would continue to say should not be heard by 8-year-old girls, sat less than two metres away from her.

"Do you guys mind cleaning this place up a bit before leaving? I don't want her having to worry about her home on top of this. Just put the cake in the box." She asked and Jasper and Jonathon agreed without hesitation.

"Jonathon, take the girls to our place, after" It seemed agreed that Anya and Bree would be watched over by him. "Come on, Charlie. We'll keep you guys updated." She added as she marched out of the home, Charlie on her heels.

The drive to the hospital was tense; not even the smooth jazz playing on the radio could calm the thoughts running through the two's minds.

"Has th-this ever h-happened b-before?" Charlie asked, wringing his hands together.



Rebecca maintained her eyes on the road. "Yes," The response was harrowing, and Charlie looked up so quickly; it almost made his neck crick. It was clear from Rebecca's expression; however, she was not going to explain just yet. The remainder of the journey was soundless. After they parked up, Rebecca led Charlie to the neuro-department where Dr Ranj was speaking to a nurse behind the desk.

"She's in the neuro unit," Ranj informed them, looking up from his Ipad briefly, with concern. The images he had on screen, were from Dia's past appointments, and his forehead creased as he tried to identify what he had missed.

"The psychiatric team want to do their own assessment first, she's their patient too." The last clause of his sentence sounded like a reminder rather than a statement, and it sent Charlie's mind into overdrive. Just how much did he not know about Dia, in regards to her health?

"Dr Ranj," A second nurse called for his attention, and he offered an apologetic look before focussing at what the nurse was presenting.

"I d-don't understand." Charlie simply told Rebecca and expressed a sad simper, leading him into an empty waiting area.

They sat down, and the scent of bleach stung Charlie's nose as he clenched his fists in anticipation. He was covered in a sheen of sweat and Rebecca provided him with some water from the fountain leaning on the wall opposite.

When he didn't drink, Rebecca released a small sigh, taking a seat next to him and forcefully unclenched his left hand to hold it in hers. "I'm not going to answer your questions until I know you're calm okay," She explained, and Charlie closed his eyes, with a small nod in understanding. If Rebecca revealed anything, even remotely distressing while Charlie was in such a state, it would only make him worse.

A Health Care Assistant arrived with a tray of coffee and Rebecca took one gratefully. For the first time, Charlie shook his head appreciatively, taking another sip of water from his cup, waiting for the male in uniform to leave before asking his first question.

"You s-said this has happened b-before?" He forced himself to say, speaking on his exhale to minimise his stammer, as he had learnt so many years before. It was the only way he would be able to articulate questions and get some answers.

Rebecca nodded. "Yes, when Dia was first admitted into the hospital, thirteen months ago."

"What's g-going on?" His voice was quiet and full of emotion, and Rebecca felt her heart pang for Charlie in sympathy. So far, she had done a great job in maintaining her composure but hearing his aching pain bought her to the brink of tears. Her silence gained his attention, and he removed a packet of tissues from his pocket and offered it to her. She submitted a sad smile, remembering how ecstatic Dia was about how Charlie always seemed to have tissues on hand.

"Thanks." Rebecca sniffled, wiping under her eyes. "So," She cleared her throat. "What has Dia told you about her...accident?"

Charlie thought back to the conversation that he had shared with Dia, what felt like many moons ago. "J-just that she w-was f-found by a m-man, behind a pub. She, erm, had a head i-injury and m-multiple breaks...and injuries a-acquired p-previously; that they c-couldn't sp-specify." He closed as his eyes as he remembered. She may have never said the words PTSD, but the warning was there. Charlie couldn't help but remember when Dia had also told him her memories could potentially be harmful . The thought frightened him, but he didn't enunciate this, not wanting to change Rebecca's mind about sparing him the details.

. The blonde was quick to bob her head to tell him that he was on the right lines. She had previously discussed with Dia how much she was allowed to tell Charlie, should the occasion occur, and Dia had given her consent, should the occasion occur. Having knowledge was authoritative and burdensome. Rebecca knew things about Dia's situation that even her husband wasn't aware of. It was all to keep a secret; one that Rebecca was about to confess.

"W-what h-has this g-got to do w-with w-what happened?" Charlie asked.

"Dia doesn't remember anything from that night of her accident." Rebecca maintained a lowered gaze.

"Y-yes, she told m-me that."

"After some assessment, and CCTV footage found at the pub...it became clear that Dia jumped," Rebecca told him cautiously.

Charlie froze. It was as if the world had stopped moving, allowing Rebecca's statement to sink in.

"Sh-she j-jum-j-jumped?" He stammered after several minutes of silence.

"Off the roof of the pub." Rebecca nodded, avoiding Charlie's intense gaze. "She was under the influence and landed on a bench. She was fortunate in regards to her injuries, but it was labelled a suicide attempt." Now things were starting to make sense. Why Dia didn't drink alcohol? Or why she was so terrified to learn about her past? How she liked to avoid the finer details of that night?

Why Dia didn't drink alcohol? Or why she was so terrified to learn about her past? How she liked to avoid the finer details of that night? "B-but, Rebecca, she, she's s-so f-full o-f l-life...She wo-wouldn't." Charlie responded, confused.

"We don't know what Dia's life was like before her attempt, Charlie." She pointed out, sadly. "Depression can be the enemy to even the most outwardly happy person alive. It's an internal war raging within your mind, and yes Dia is happy. But her life, pre-amnesia...there is a reason why she doesn't want to remember her past."

"She is choosing not to remember?" Charlie asked, but the moment he spoke, he realised that it was the truth. Dia didn't want to remember, and Rebecca confirmed this with a small weighted sigh.

"Dia was monitored for three months after the...accident, and her memory loss did not help the situation. Being asked hundreds of questions, especially for such an adverse situation; Dia shut down. She's selfless and hates asking for help. It's hard to know what she is thinking most of the time, in regards to her past anyway. It's a difficult situation, but once she was cleared by the psych team as no longer a danger to herself, she asked us to never bring it up." Rebecca explained after taking a sip of her cold coffee.

Charlie's heart was pounding. Never in a million years would the thought ever cross his mind that Dia had been through so much. It was frightening how well she had hidden her past, and it only made Charlie want to support her more.

"Has she...h-has she e-ever tried a-again?" Charlie asked tentatively, and Rebecca shook her head.

"No. Once she came to terms with what had happened, she was adamant that her memory loss was her chance for a better life. We could only respect that."

Charlie bobbed his head in agreement. "...Is th-there a-anything e-else." He enquired, and Rebecca sighed deeply.

"Dia was found with additional injuries that they couldn't link to the accident."

Charlie furrowed his eyebrows. "Y-yes, I kn-knew that. Could it b-be the c-car a-accident she had w-with her p-parents?" He suggested. "Is that-this w-why she w-was d-diagnosed with PTSD?" Rebecca's blue eyes shed thick tears once more as she looked at Charlie, shaking her head to repudiate his thoughts.

Rebecca took another deep breath. "Dia was found with a lot of injuries, the sort of injuries one would associate with persistent domestic abuse."

Charlie maintained a blank expression. Petrified by the truth that was about to be revealed. "Charlie, we know who Dia is."

A.N.

A.N. This was such a hard chapter to write. The next few chapters are going to be heavy and I just want to pre-warn you that a lot of serious topics will be discussed. This story was written to raise awareness about quite taboo topics and I want you all to know that support is available, either through contacting me or visiting the Samaritans or the 13ReasonsWhy websites. Both have incredible resources and I urge you to seek support if you need it.

On a lighter note; I hope you all enjoy this chapter and I can't wait to hear your thoughts.

Love, Aamenah

Song: God Only Knows; For King and Country.





Chapter 21.


Dia awoke to pain. The back of her head was throbbing, and she groaned, attempting to roll onto her side to relieve the pressure she could feel. A single cold hand, however, prevented her from moving, and slowly, she opened her eyes, blinking to gain focus in the white, familiar room.

A familiar blonde was standing over her, a sad smile upturning her red lips. "Hey lovely," Rebecca whispered, perching on the bed. "You gave us quite the scare."

Dia frowned, looking around the bright room in an attempt to recognise her environment. Taking in her surroundings; she noted the hard bed and the transparent wire that was attached to the dorsal side of her left hand. Her right hand was covered in white gauze and the bleach smell that stung her nose as she inhaled, confirmed that she was in the hospital.

"What happened?"

Rebecca frowned, rubbing Dia's arm soothingly as she spoke. "You had another attack."

Dia closed her eyes once more as the memories came flooding back to her, and she felt wooden when Rebecca wrapped her arms around her in a tight embrace. "I know what happened." She whispered.

"I know lovely," Rebecca whispered, running a hand through her dark hair in comfort.

"It was my fault." Dia cried, her voice a hoarse whisper as reality caused her heart to pang. Rebecca froze and released Dia, narrowing her eyes at her best friend.

"What do you mean sweetheart?" She questioned, but before she could respond, the door opened tentatively, before opening wider to allow Charlie to enter.

Dia quickly wiped her face as Charlie neared the bed hesitantly. Relief filled his expression, and he traded places with Rebecca, gripping on to her hand. Dried tears had marked his face, but not even his fatigue could wipe the consolation on his face.

"I-I'm so g-glad you're a-awake." He sniffled, tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear. "The l-last two d-days have b-been a-awful."

"Two days?" Dia asked in a small voice, and he nodded, squeezing her hand.

"Yeah, you hurt your head when you fell. Ranj wanted you asleep just in case there was any swelling." Rebecca explained, and Dia nodded, wanting to put the matter to rest.

"Okay," She sighed, nibbling on her lower lip in thought. Charlie frowned as he looked at Dia, hoping she would meet his gaze. He stared intensely into her warm eyes that predominantly sparkled with warmth.

Charlie knew she was upset, but her eyes told a different story. He had always held firmly onto the belief that eyes were the gateway to someone's soul, but as he focussed on Dia, he felt barred. The person he was looking for was missing; she was lost. He took a deep breath through his nose and forced himself to not believe what he could see.

Instead, he gripped her limp hand, and offered as bright a smile, that he could muster.

"I erm, I think I want to try and get some more sleep," Dia whispered, and Charlie felt his heart shatter into pieces.

"Are y-you sure, love?" He asked, and she nodded, pulling her hand away.

"Yeah, my head really hurts. I just want to sleep it off." Speechless, he bobbed his head in understanding, standing up to tuck her into the blanket.

"I'll b-be here when you wake up," Charlie promised, and she nodded with her eyes closed as he smoothed the creases in her blanket. He watched as Dia was pulled under by the influx of exhaustion. It only took minutes before her soft snores filled the room; the only other noise came from the beeping of her ECG monitor, and it had left him in a state of shock.



Before he could overthink his actions, he pressed his lips to her forehead and followed Rebecca into the corridor, as she had gestured; his shoulders slumped, heavy with fear and worry.

"She's not right," Rebecca stated, and Charlie numbly nodded in agreement. "I'm really worried about her," Her blue eyes became glassy as she nibbled on her lower lip in an attempt to control herself. "She said it was her fault."

Charlie sucked in a deep breath as he tried to maintain his equanimity. Rebecca had expressed Dia felt culpable for her past and all that had happened. If Dia felt the same way as she did before had hit her lowest point, he feared that the flashback would only affect her progress.

"Th-this c-could have a-all been avoided." Charlie despondently replied. Rebecca felt guilt suffocate her but she didn't expose this to him, knowing this would only fuel his panic and frustration. She needed to remain overtly calm for both of them, for the woman who was lying in the hospital bed just through the swinging door.

"I need to talk to Ranj," She gulped, and Charlie nodded once more. He could feel anger rage within him but took a deep breath to focus on the more significant matter.

"I-I'm going t-to stay w-with her." The blonde offered a small understanding smile and watched as Charlie returned into the room, her heart rotund with blame.

Charlie returned into Dia's hospital room, feeling the weight of the world on his shoulders. The conversation he had shared with Rebecca when Dia had been admitted, had changed his perspective entirely and now more than ever, did Charlie feel like he understood.

Dia had shifted her bedding, in her sleep, and for the first time, Charlie was able to see the physical impact of her tragedy. His tears returned, as he neared the beautiful girl whose body had been marred by a terrible life. Dia had always remained so covered, but Charlie had always assumed it was her preferred way of dress. His breath caught in his lungs as he took in her exposed injuries.

Red scars lined her legs, and a dark line ran the length of her collar bone. An additional injury ran length-ways from her shoulder, disappearing into her scrubs. Yet, Charlie still couldn't deny she was the most exquisite woman he had ever seen.

A nurse distracted him as she entered with a clipboard, to take Dia's observations and vitals. She offered a sympathetic smile and left without a word, allowing Charlie to relive the conversation he had shared with Rebecca. His mind consumed with concern as he tried to break down the information he had learnt.

***

22 hours earlier:

22 hours earlier: "We know who Dia is..." The words Rebecca uttered were powerful enough to stop the Earth from spinning. Everything froze and Charlie became hyperaware, noticing everything from the thin crack of the walls to the light whirring noise made in the locked boiler room. He took a deep breath as he tried to focus on Rebecca whose red lips were still moving. The information Charlie was receiving, however, was not being heard. He couldn't take it in.

"Charlie..." Rebecca touched his leg as she noticed he became apathetic. He shook his head and released a deep breath, informing her that he had not understood anything that she had told him. "Charlie, I said we knew who Dia is...well was." Charlie nodded and turned back to her, permitting Rebecca to continue.

"W-what do you m-mean?" He whispered as the words began to sink in. Charlie's mind whizzed with thoughts as his emotions took control, forcing him to confront the truth Rebecca was revealing.

Rebecca licked her lips, folding her legs so that she was sat cross-legged on the hard, plastic seat. "Dia's real name is Aditi Rai. She lost her parents when she was fourteen in a car accident, while they were on holiday."



"N-no" Charlie shook his head. "No, I-I d-don't believe that. She d-doesn't know w-who she i-is, she w-wouldn't h-have l-l-lied about that...I-I refuse." Rebecca remained quiet as Charlie paced the corridor as his mind attempted to piece together the information.

"She d-doesn't remember h-her s-s-surname, let alone know w-what h-happ- happened to her i-in the past. I...I'm so con-confused," he shouted his last word as his frustrations overruled his control, gaining the attention of the nurses swapping rotation, by the desk. They watched Charlie as he pulled at his hair and sunk to the ground, his sob echoing off the white walls. If Dia was suffering from PTSD, Charlie couldn't even fathom the horrors she had witnessed.

Rebecca stood up from the chair and crouched in front of him, pulling his hands away from his hair and held them down firmly.

"She didn't lie to you," Rebecca reassured him, with a slight sniffle. "She really has no idea who she was." Charlie furrowed his eyebrows.

"B-but...y-you just s-said..."

Rebecca nodded. "Yes, we know who Dia is."

we Charlie stopped rocking so that his green eyes could meet Rebecca's blue. "Dia, d-doesn't know?"

"No, she refused access to the information we found." Charlie's puzzlement increased, but he remained silent, allowing Rebecca to explain.

"It's true that when she was admitted to the hospital the first time, we couldn't identify her." Rebecca pondered. "But eventually, we were able to match her to her real identity. That's when we were able to locate her origin. It took a while because Dia spent most of her life travelling with her family. She also only knew herself by her nickname, which wasn't on any files."

"I d-don't g-get it," Charlie told her bluntly. "W-where is her f-family then? W-why i-ss she a-all a-alone? This d-doesn't m-make a-any sense."

"You're right, it doesn't." Rebecca released a sigh. "Dia's parents passed in a car accident, that is true and what Dia recently remembered."

Charlie couldn't believe what he was hearing. This wasn't real.

Rebecca treated his silence as a means to continue. "She was treated in America, where the accident occurred and then bought back to the UK. She has no living relatives here and so from the age of 16, Dia was in care. We also knew about her brother, but we were unable to track his whereabouts. I thought maybe Amit knew something, or perhaps she could have been a relative but after some digging, I found out that his sister passed from cancer while Dia was still in America. He also had no relatives that she could have linked to; there is no possible association."

The small nugget of information created a disheartened atmosphere and the two sighed simultaneously.

"When she was released from care, Dia only had her school qualifications and the pitiful amount of savings that she'd earnt from Saturday jobs to escape. You have to understand that the Dia we know and love was a very different person back then. The person she was does not define her and part of me truly believes that Dia is choosing to forget because she feels guilty." Rebecca's tears became thicker as she reached the pinnacle moment in Dia's life.

"W-why should sh-she feel guilt?"

Rebecca exhaled a deep breath as she tried to compose herself. The tension was high, and the subsequent silence was suffocating. It was so quiet that they would be able to hear a pin drop.

"Dia was in an abusive relationship," Rebecca revealed, slowly. "And the reason why she jumped was that she had suffered a miscarriage." She winced as Charlie stiffened, clenching his hands tight; turning his knuckles white.



Rebecca searched for some form of a response from Charlie, but he remained still, eyes closed.

"S-she w-was p-p-pregnant..." He stated and the blonde nodded her head. "D-does sh-she know?"

Rebecca nodded once more. "It's why she was kept in hospital for so long. Her injuries were terrible, and she couldn't remember anything, not even her real name. While the doctors were doing their examination, they associated the miscarriage with her attempt."

"W-why d-doesn't she t-t-talk about it?" Charlie stammered after a few moments of silence. He used his palms to wipe away his tears as he attempted to make sense of what he had learnt.

"She overcame it, Charlie. We can't forget that Dia has been coping with what happened to her for over a year now. She took life with both hands and flourished. It was unlike anything I have ever seen, but she really was doing well."

Rebecca searched for some form of a response from Charlie, but he remained still. It was evident that his mind was trying to absorb as much information as he could without triggering an anxiety attack. His patience and understanding was endearing and only proved further that he was human.

"I-I still don't u-understand w-why she d-doesn't kn-know anything?" Charlie's voice was thick with emotion and Rebecca took a drink of water before she continued. "H-how could y-you p-possibly say she h-had m-moved on when sh-she didn't even kn-kno what she w-was h-h-hiding from?"

Rebecca lowered her gaze, knowing that Charlie was right in what he was asking.

"It wasn't our choice, Charlie." she sighed. "When Dia was released from the hospital, she told us that regardless of what was found out, she didn't want to know the details. It took her time but she did come to terms with what happened, at least from a psychiatric perspective. Charlie, it was at her request we withheld the facts. We don't know what Dia saw during the first flashback, but we do know that it changed her outlook; it persuaded her to live positively. Dia's suffered a lot, and if this is the one thing she has asked from us, we can only respect it. The situation caused a massive stir within the hospital environment and believe me, it wasn't what I wanted for her. But Dia's argument was that she wanted to remember for herself. That she would never understand her past by being told and so we could only help her where we could.

Charlie, she's been thriving; as a result, you've seen it yourself. "

Charlie's mind was filled to the brim with questions. If her brother had survived, where was he? What happened to Dia during those years alone? Where was the man that had caused her scars?

If her brother had survived, where was he? What happened to Dia during those years alone? Where was the man that had caused her scars? A deep breath helped clear the negative thoughts. Instead, Charlie concentrated on the facts. Despite everything, the truth of the matter was simple.

Charlie loved Dia, and he wanted to be there for her in every way possible. He was determined to ensure that despite the horrors she had locked away, she would be able to have a better life. He would try his hardest to corroborate that, he was determined to fight even if Dia wasn't at that stage yet. The consequence of not preparing for battle was far too severe to cave under the pressure.

***

The next day:

The next day: "Hello, Dia." A familiar grey-haired woman entered her room with a bright smile. Dia looked up in the direction of the voice, as the woman took a seat on the chair next to her bed.

"Hello Dr Riley," Dia responded, politely. "I'm surprised to see you here."

"As we have worked together previously, the psychiatric team believed it would make sense that we collaborate once more, for your health." The woman explained as she made herself comfortable, increasing Dia's confusion.



"Psychiatric team?" Her eyebrows narrowed as she thought over the information she had been told. "I'm being referred back to psych?"

The woman nodded, her expression serious. "I thought Dr Ranj was my doctor for everything now."

"He is, for neuro care, but your treatment for your PTSD needs to come from a psych perspective. Now that you are recovering your memories, we need to take all the necessary precautions to keep you safe."

"But I-I don't need a psychiatrist." She shook her head adamantly. "I'm fine." Dr Riley frowned, crossing her leg over the other, as she considered her next sentence.

"Dia, I know you're upset, but I need you to understand why I am here." A single tear streamed down Dia's cheek, soaking into her scrubs. She could feel pain manifest in her chest, her brain heating up as she tried to fight the tide.

"Two days ago, you were found experiencing a flashback. It is a psychological event in which your mind is transported back to your trauma. What you experienced and saw was a part of your past."

"Please," Dia croaked, shaking her head in denial. "Please don't tell me." She begged. The psychiatrist offered a sympathetic look looking down at her case notes, before continuing.

"Dia, a part of your recovery involves you confronting your past. When you last worked with me, your persistence to ignore what had happened was agreed because you had not recovered anything. This has gone on far too long and I cannot allow you to continue living like this. Not when it could put you in harm's way."

"It won't" Dia's voice was barely audible as the flashing images returned to the forefront of her mind. "I'm okay. I am better. I-I won't do it again." She promised, her eyes blurred from unshed tears.

"We can't take those chances, Dia." Dr Riley sighed as Dia avoided her eye contact. "I know you are concerned about your depression, but if we work on your recovery, together, where you have access to support and your loved ones. We can get passed this."

Dia wiped her face with a single hand, taking a shaky breath, concentrating on what the doctor was telling her. "Because your physical health is good, minus the hand, of course, I can discharge you. This is only the beginning of treatment Dia, I want to start therapy four times a week."

When the patient didn't respond, Dr Riley, placed her clipboard on the chair and exited the room, only to return with Charlie, who was holding a large duffel bag.

"I've explained to Dia the current situation," Dr Riley informed Charlie to which he nodded. "I've also explained that I am happy to issue a discharge, but I am aware that Dia is living alone." Again Charlie nodded, not knowing what more he could add to the situation.

"Now, I am sure you can understand that this is concerning to me. Dia also experienced a seizure, and her non-compliance is suggesting to me that perhaps admission would be a better option."

"No!" Dia refused quickly. "No," She shook her head, her tears flowing in abundance. "I refuse, y-you can't keep me in here. I hated it before, I j-just can't." She cried and Charlie forced himself to hold it together as he wrapped an arm around her. Dia covered her face, to hide her hysteria, as he rubbed her back soothingly.

"I-isn't th-there another o-option?" He asked, and the doctor sighed, tucking a strand of grey hair behind her ear.

"I can only recommend if someone stays with her." She suggested. "I don't feel confident that Dia can live on her own. From my position, I have to do what's best for her."

Charlie looked down at Dia, who was still holding her head in her hands, as she quivered. He could feel his heart splitting into two, and the hurt was even more profound.



"Sh-shall we ask Rebecca?" He proposed, but she shook her head. The thought of having no one to ask, and having no family to stay with, was painful for Dia. The idea of being admitted to the hospital again, however, made her feel worse. It forced the notion that the year she had spent on her self-development was all for nothing. That the healing she had endured had not improved her at all. Dia knew that this was incorrect. She had strived hard to be independent, and she knew she was better. Asking Rebecca to sacrifice so much, to secure her own independence, however, was far too much to ask. Rebecca had her own life to consider, and she had no intentions to be selfish.

"I c-can't." Dia sniffled. "She has her commitments; Jonathon and Tyler." Charlie's next suggestion was one that also surprised him.

"Then, c-can I st-stay with you?"

The three seconds of silence that followed was tense with emotion as Charlie felt his brain attack itself.

Only Dia's response was even more so unexpected. "You w-would do that?" She asked, her eyes echoing her surprise.

He nodded, not trusting his ability to speak and re-affirm what he had said. "O-only if you d-don't mind." He added, shyly, not wanting to overstep her boundaries.

"No," She sighed, looking down at her hands." I, erm, I would much prefer you to stay with me." She confessed in defeat, her voice thick in emotion. It didn't excuse the fact of the matter that Dia didn't need nor want to be looked after. She had been excellent for the last year, on her own. And now that some of her memories had returned, she needed to be babysat. She exhaled deeply, not knowing what else to say.

need want The doctor looked at the couple before exhibiting her own conclusions.

"I will be very frank when I say, living together is something you both need to decide jointly. It is a huge decision. I fear that you may be rushing this, but if you agree, then I am happy to discharge you, Dia, based on this agreement."

Dia considered the idea, and in her heart, she knew it would be a thousand times better than being admitted to the psychiatric unit. It was an experience she truly never wanted to relive.

Charlie searched for a response from Dia, and her slight nod permitted him to confirm his new living situation. "J-just until Dia g-gets back onto her f-feet." He spoke more in reassurance for his partner, but Dr Riley didn't seem convinced. Still, there was no other option, and she nodded in acknowledgement to their decision.

"Very well. I have discussed the most appropriate treatment plan with my colleagues, and we believe therapy is the best route, and that you continue your anti-depressants, Dia. We need to unravel what we can while supporting you to the best of our ability. Additional medication can also be administered, but I don't want to give you anything just yet. Your current plan seemed to be effective so I want to avoid making you dependent on a higher dose. I have also prescribed you with sleeping pills in case you have trouble, just one before bed."

Dia didn't respond.

"Dia, for this to work, we need to operate as a team" Dr Riley informed her.

She released a deep breath in surrender, finally realising that she had no choice in the matter. Charlie could feel Dia's angst, and he squeezed her hand reassuringly. Not having the energy to meet his lingering gaze, she hugged his hand back, tightly, before nodding her compliance allowing the doctor to release a small smile.

"Can I go now?" Dia eventually asked. All she wanted was to go home and sleep, to escape this horrid nightmare.

"Yes you may, we have our first appointment on Wednesday at 9 am. Charlie has agreed to bring you."

"I have work?" Dia responded, quietly. "And so does Charlie. We will have to arrange another time."

"I've spoken to the university, and they have been more than accommodating. They have agreed to reduce your hours until you're ready to go back to full-time." Dia imminently reached her breaking point, and the tears began to dribble once more. From one memory, everything had changed. Her new life was being destroyed.

"But I want to work." She sobbed, and Charlie could only hold her tighter, feeling overwhelmingly helpless.

"It's only temporarily Dia, while we work this out okay. I can assure you that this is the best path for you." Dr Riley gave Charlie the prescription for Dia's sleeping pills. "You have my contact details should you need anything and Charlie has been given specific training in case you have another attack."

Dia sniffled, nodding her head.

"Th-thank you," Charlie responded, and Dr Riley offered a close-mouthed smile, leaving Charlie and Dia alone. "Let's g-go home." He whispered, and Dia bobbed her head in agreement, instantly. She needed to escape.

A.N.

I don't even know what to say! This chapter packs a punch, and like I have previously mentioned, if you feel affected by what is there, please seek out the right help and advice. This story was written to talk about extreme topics and open the conversation and I thank each and every one of you for your support so far.

Let me know your comments and don't forget to vote!

Love, Aamenah <3



Song: Andy Grammar - Don't give up on me





Chapter 22.


For the first time that Charlie had used public transport with Dia, she was silent. Despite being sat next to him, no conversation could be produced and he didn't know what he could say to fill the quietude. Instead, she leaned against his chest, and he held her close, rubbing small circles on her shoulder, his chin lightly resting on the top of her head.

Not having access to a car and all of their close friends occupied with work, their only option was to take the bus. The silence was deafening, and Charlie hated every second of it. Fortunately, it was only an additional bus ride later, they arrived at her apartment block.

They boarded the lift to get to her floor, and he unlocked the door, allowing Dia to enter first. Jasper and Jonathon had done a great job, clearing up the mess from the party meanwhile, Rebecca had restocked the fridge. Dia wouldn't have to go shopping for another few days, so there was nothing for them to do and the thought was making Charlie nauseous.

Charlie's primary concern was that Dia would become recluse. She would shut him out and leave him in the dark. She had barely spoken to anyone, over the past two days. Unable to force his own words out, the only thing he could do was keep her close, knowing that at least through physical contact he could be present.

Knowledge about Dia's past had also raised a multitude of questions, including how much Dia now knew. It was a bizarre scenario to be in, knowing more than she did and Charlie knew he would need to mind his tongue, to not reveal anything. Rebecca and Dr Ranj had also disclosed that Dia had not suggested how much she had recovered and it was best for Charlie to not interfere. This was her decision and her journey. As much as he wanted to support her, this was something she would have to face alone, despite how solitary it sounded. Although deep down he knew that with time Dia would hopefully open up, the waiting period was stifling.

"I'm going in the shower," Dia announced quietly and Charlie nodded, placing his own duffle bag on the table. While Dia had been in hospital, he didn't have the strength to leave. Fortunately, he had an air-bed which Melissa had brought to him, and a few pairs of clothes until he had the chance to get some more.

Although he and Dia were in a relationship, he knew it was silly, especially under the circumstances, that they would share her bed. Their personalities had enabled their relationship to burn slowly, and he knew it would be unfair to add further stress to her, during this trying time.

The atmosphere was depressing, and he did his best to ignore her cries from the bathroom, his heart tearing to pieces at her pain. It was an impossible feat.

Once he had arranged his sleeping quarters, he changed into his plaid pyjama set and decided to make some dinner. He considered making lasagne as Dia had enjoyed it the last time. But Charlie didn't want her to eat anything that would be hard on her stomach either. Instead, he made his step-mother's famous chicken noodle soup; substituting the meat with Quorn.

Dia emerged, clothed in a nightdress and a pair of light blue fluffy socks. She knew that Charlie had seen most of her injuries and was passed caring what he or anyone thought. Yes, Dia denounced them, but they were a part of her. Still, knowing that he could see them persuaded her to cover her legs with a pair of leggings. She hated the look of sympathy people gave her when they saw her marred skin. It led to questions and until this point, she couldn't understand where they were from, simply labelling them as an accident. Only Dia knew it wasn't an accident, and now, so did Charlie. That was enough to persuade her to stay covered; at least for a little while.

Charlie smiled at her as she entered the kitchen area, presenting her with a bowl of food, and a plate of toasted bread.

"It looks good" She commented, taking a seat at the table. It was the first positive thing she had said all day, and Charlie's smile increased the guilt she felt within.



"Thanks, it's my st-stepmum's recipe." Dia nodded, bringing the bowl closer to her and taking a sip.

"It's tasty." That was all she could say for dinner. It wasn't even that she didn't want to speak, she just didn't have the energy to say anything more. She felt like her happiness had been stolen, and all that was left was this overwhelming feeling of loneliness. She felt vacant, and Charlie could see it was troubling her.

"W-want to watch a movie?" He offered, and she nodded, pushing back her chair in agreement. He followed her to the couch after placing their dishes in the washer and covered her with a blanket. For a moment, he was hesitant on how close he should sit next to her, but she rested her head on his lap the moment he sat down. He had expressed his concerns to both Dr Riley and Dr Ranj about their relationship, especially after her last had been so terrible. He had heard of cases where women became fearful of men, often a result of the abuse they had endured.

The doctors, however, reassured him that Dia would need him to continue being as normal as possible; unless he didn't want to pursue their relationship; which he denied profusely. As the doctors had observed, Dia seemed comfortable around others in her environment, especially those she knew so he shouldn't be concerned. Still, it was best to be mindful just in case any changes were to happen, which was plausible. PTSD was not a one size fits all health approach. It affected each individual differently and it was paramount that Charlie was supportive of Dia, regardless of any decision that she made.

Charlie tucked the yellow blanket around her so that she was warm, scrolling through Netflix before deciding on The Goonies. It was one of his favourite films, and Dia had told him she liked it, but neither of them could concentrate on the screen.

Dia had noticed the air-bed that had been blown up in her lounge but didn't want to acknowledge it. Deep down, she was grateful that Charlie hadn't just assumed he would be sleeping in the same bed as her, but she didn't like the idea of him being so close, yet so far. Negative thoughts entered her mind surrounding; what if he didn't want to be with her, now that her truth had been revealed? It was a painful notion and caused her heart to pang.

what if he didn't want to be with her, now that her truth had been revealed? She took a deep breath and forced herself to drop the abstract thought as she felt his hands reassuringly stroke her hair. Charlie was present. Dia couldn't fathom how long he would want to stay with a broken girl but for now, he was here and she needed his embrace.

Charlie's mind was consumed with concern as he looked down at the girl lying on him. Her tears dampened his trouser leg, but he resisted the urge to say anything. Instead, he brushed her hair out of her face, running his fingers through her locks as her tears became heavier.

Dia couldn't explain the tears. It was as if they were caused by nothing and everything at the same time. It had all just accumulated, and now home, she had the opportunity to just wallow in her pain. Moreover, she now had the chance to understand where all of her pain had sourced from.

The credits eventually began to roll, and she slowly sat up, wiping her tears with her back towards Charlie so that he couldn't see her state. It was futile considering his pyjama pants were wet, but she didn't want him to worry any more that he already was.

"T-time for bed?" He asked, and she nodded, keeping the yellow-tasselled blanket around her shoulders as she headed into her room. Charlie waited as she got into the sheets and tucked her in and kissed her forehead as she closed her eyes.

"Night, love." He whispered.

"Night." She mumbled, falling into a deep sleep within minutes. Charlie waited until she was fast asleep before retreating back to the lounge. He then turned up the heating, as the room was chilly, switched off the TV and fluffed up the pillows that had slumped from where they were sitting. His phone began to ring and he picked it up from the granite worktop. It was Rebecca, and he grumbled angrily to himself, imminently upon recognition of her number.



The two had, had quite a falling out when he realised that she and Ranj knew the truth about Dia's situation. He was furious that they had kept this secret for so long and he just couldn't understand why they would do this to her. Yes, Dia has been pertinacious in her decision that she didn't want to be told her past, but they shouldn't have given her the option. There had to be more than what they were letting on.

He understood that Dia wanted to move on from her past, but as Dr Riley had said, she would forever be trapped unless she faced it. It was disturbing that after fifteen months of being physically and mentally well, she would now be going through the same thing that drove her to her attempt. Charlie didn't even want to consider the consequences if Dia's mental health dipped again and he couldn't help but blame for Rebecca for this. It could have all been avoided had Dia been given proper therapy and psychiatric support, right from the beginning. But despite the psychologist's education, she was wrong. The decision was immoral, and now his beautiful girlfriend was suffering.

"Yes." He answered the call abruptly.

"Is she asleep?" Rebecca asked.

"Yes, she just w-went to bed." He answered bluntly.

Rebecca released a shaky breath. "Has she eaten?"

"She had s-some s-soup."

"Good." The silence that followed was suffocating. "I'm so sorry, Charlie," Rebecca apologised and he could tell it was sincere. "If we had any doubt that what we were doing, would have this effect, then we would never have made the decision. We just wanted to do right by her, but it's no use justifying it now. She's in pain, we're all to blame, and it breaks my heart that it was my responsibility to look after her."

Charlie couldn't hold a grudge, and even at this most difficult time, he found it in his heart to forgive Rebecca, now that she had apologised. It was true that she and Dr Ranj had been forced to remain tight-lipped, Dia had admitted this herself. She was yet to tell Charlie her truth, but he knew it wasn't easy. The only thing she did confirm was that Ranj and Rebecca had made their decision based on what Dia wanted. And that was for them to remain silent, and to let her discover her past on her own.

When she brought things up and questioned, they would neither confirm nor deny whether she was correct. Dr Ranj and Rebecca could only agree that telling her the grim details that she didn't want to hear, was too much of a risk. If Charlie wanted to be furious with Rebecca and Ranj, he would have to be just as angry with Dia. Still, he just couldn't direct those emotions at her, particularly at this point in her life.

It was also not Charlie's decision to make, despite how clear he had made his thoughts on the matter. He had no right to argue what Dia wanted, it was her life to live. Her river to travel and he could only pray he had the strength to hold her boat steady when the thunderstorms struck.

Charlie still wanted answers, his biggest question being why Dia had strived to be memorable when it was her that wanted to forget her past? Why did she spend her time on trains talking to random strangers to gain this? What was her real intention?

why But Charlie didn't need Dia to tell him her answers, he'd known it the moment he was told Dia had jumped off a building.

It was her love.

Dia spoke to the unfamiliars sat beside her because she knew their pain better than anyone else. She lived by the saying that everyone has struggles, some just not as visible as others. It brought Charlie back to the days where he would crave Dia's magic that left the stranger with a smile on their face. She had felt heartbreak and excruciating agony, and seen things no one should ever have to witness. She came from a dark place, hoping to spread her light.



But now things were changing, and Charlie had no idea how to support the woman who had cried herself to sleep, in the room next door.

"There is nothing we can do now." He sighed on the phone. "I just p-pray she'll get through this a-and we're a-all there t-to support h-her."

"She's a fighter." Rebecca sniffled. "C-can I see her tomorrow?" Charlie had asked Rebecca to give them some space, to establish a routine, as suggested by Dr Riley. Deep down, Charlie knew Dia would want to see her, she was her best friend after all.

"Yes, of course." He permitted. "But just y-you. Dr Riley was saying s-something about the flashback being the r-result of too much mental stress and it k-kills me that w-w-we didn't see it. We should have seen the s-signs." Charlie's voice cracked on the last word, as he dug his nails into the pillow next to him.

"We all should have been more careful." Rebecca whimpered. "If I hadn't forced her to throw her that stupid party." She scolded herself.

"W-without the party Dia would have n-never have remembered a-anything." Charlie responded after a few moments of silence; the two friends wrapped up in their own guilt.

"Well, we can only go forward now." Rebecca's statement was empty of encouragement but it was a fact the two needed to hook onto. She proceeded to thank Charlie for staying with Dia for the next few weeks, and a long beep followed alerted him that she had ended the call.

Sighing, he threw his phone onto the mattress and headed to the bathroom to brush his teeth. Just as he was about to get into bed, the doorbell sounded, and he groaned, frustrated once more. It was only 9 pm, but he was exhausted, having spent two days, barely sleeping at the hospital; his mind consumed with anxiety and fear.

"Oh, h-hello?" Charlie opened the door to a nervous Amit, who smiled gingerly in response.

"Hi, erm, I'm sorry, I know it's late." He offered the tray in his hands. "My mum wanted me to drop this off. Nana wanted her to try some more Indian food because she liked the samosas so much." Charlie nodded.

"Th-thank you," He responded gratefully, taking the tray. When Amit dawdled, Charlie realised his true intentions, as to why he had arrived.

"Do y-you want to c-come in?"

Amit's tentativeness to reply led to Charlie opening the door wider, allowing him entry. He smiled in gratitude, and the two moved to the sofa, awkwardly sitting beside one another, waiting for someone to speak.

"We just wanted to check-in on her. Is she okay? I was under the impression she was living alone." Amit began with a grimace.

Charlie released a heavy sigh. "Y-yeah, she's asleep. And she d-does live alone, I'm just staying with her for a short while."

Amit offered a closed-mouthed smile in return. "I'm really glad you are. The food was just an excuse." He confessed. "We've all been anxious. Mrs Jones tried yesterday morning, but when there was no answer, we thought she was still in the hospital. Mum wanted me to check, so I'll let next door know too"

"Thank you," Charlie simpered. "I-I appreciate it." They lapsed into an uncomfortable silence once more; the question on Amit's mind, extractable from his facial expression alone.

"You w-want t-to know w-what's g-going o-on, don't you?" Amit released a shaky laugh, and it was enough to confirm that Charlie was right.

The silence that followed was enough to convince the taller man to answer Amit's question. When Charlie eventually returned home, it would be Amit and Dia's neighbours that would be able to get to her first, should anything happen. He also knew that Dia wouldn't even think twice about asking for help and he would need to respect her privacy in communicating that there may be a time she needed them.

"Honestly, I c-can't tell y-you much, mainly b-because i-it's Dia's choice who knows and I w-would need t-to ask her first." Amit nodded, showcasing his complete understanding and Charlie sighed; focussing his gaze on the wilting sunflowers on the coffee table.

"What I can s-say is that Dia isn't d-doing too w-well. She erm, h-has a-amnesia and I-I think a lot o-of stress this past week c-caused what h-happened a-at the p-party." Amit winced and Charlie took it as an indication that he hadn't understood what he had said due to the severity of his stammer. He took a deep breath, recalibrating his breathing as he had been taught, allowing him to repeat his sentence.

"Dia has a-amnesia. W-what happened at the p-party was a r-result of mental stress." Charlie didn't want to go into the details of Dia's PTSD, it wasn't his place. If Dia wanted to talk to Amit or anyone else about it then again, it was her right. He also knew it would upset her deeply if Charlie spoke too much. Dia profoundly disliked feeling vulnerable or receiving any form of help, and even sat here discussing this matter without her, made Charlie feel guilty.

Amit remained silent and Charlie glanced to his left, the silence thick with pain and sadness. His lower lip was quivering, and he sunk his teeth into it as he tried to hide his grief. "I didn't know," he whispered. "I had no idea."

Charlie offered a sympathetic smile in understanding. "She d-doesn't talk a-about it."

Amit shook his head as a single tear ran down his cheek. "N-no, y-you don't realise Charlie." He croaked. "She's been there for me, for all of us. It's like I have my older sister back. When Priya was diagnosed, it felt like the energy that allowed us to continue, had been stolen. Dia brought that back for us." He sniffled.

"Everyone here has felt pain but Dia is from another world. She's helped us to heal, and I know it's only been a week or so, but since she moved in, the whole floor feels different. Connected somehow. We've all got to know her, and she has brought in so much light." Charlie resonated with what his young friend spoke; it was exactly how he felt had when Dia made her appearance on the train. She was alluring.

"I-I know how you feel," Charlie revealed, focussing on the television remote resting on the coffee table. "M-my mum, she passed away b-because of cancer too," the statement forced Amit to still as Charlie spoke. "It w-was the same t-time I b-began to stammer, m-my speech th-therapist, h-he said it's ps-psychogenic; c-caused my a tr-traumatic event, and Dia h-helped me. I-I used t-to say that she w-was m-magical. I-I still believe that." He added firmly.

Amit wiped under his eyes with his sleeve and took a deep breath. "We're all here for you and Dia." He promised, after a few moments. "She's part of the family now, you both are." The re-affirmation allowed Charlie to release a small genuine smile as he followed the twenty-year-old out of the apartment, sending his appreciation and thanks.

"She'll be alright, Charlie," Amit promised, focussing on his shoes with a sniffle. "If she can get this far without her memory. She'll be extraordinary once she gets it back."

A.N

A bit of a filler but of course it's all for the next few chapters to come. I can't believe we've entered the last 1/3rd of the story! Im just not ready to give my babies up just yet ahaha!

Anyways, thank you so so so much for all the support so far! I am so glad that many of you resonate with the characters and keep commenting because it genuinely helps me write!





Love, Aamenah <3





Chapter 23.


Charlie awoke to the sound of glass smashing, followed by a loud thud. Immediately, he sat up in alarm and muffled cries could be heard from the other side of the wall. Hesitantly, he marched to the kitchen, picking up a pan from the drying rack before shuffling towards the entrance hall. His heart was racing in terror as he neared the door.

Pushing his anxieties to the back of his mind, he gripped onto the handle and swung the door open. His weapon of choice was raised as he flicked on the light, but it quickly dropped to the floor, the metal clanging against the laminate flooring as he took in the scene before him.

No words could describe the horror that he was witnessing, and alone, with no one to call for help, something within Charlie snapped, as he staggered a step forward. For the first time, he would not fly , he would force himself to f ight .

fly f ight ight Dia was situated in the middle of the corridor, her back facing him as she sobbed, looking down at the shattered glass on the floor. The frames they had hung just two weeks ago on the yellow walls had been pulled down and now littered the small space, the photos inside, removed and torn. Careful not to stand on any glass that peppered the area, he tiptoed towards her and wrapped an arm around her back. His other arm hooked under her bent knees, lifting her from the mess so that she was no longer in harm's way. Silently, he carried her to the bathroom and placed her into the shower cubicle, crouching down in front of her. Desperately, he looked into her eyes, searching for the Dia he had fallen for.

Dia was muttering words to herself, so quietly that Charlie couldn't understand her, as she rocked with her arms wrapped around her bent knees. It was haunting but he tried not to let the whispers frighten him as he sat by her, thinking of the best plan of action.

Red cruor smudged the porcelain, enamelled steel, causing Charlie to heave at the sight. He knew if he thought of the blood he would be sick, and so instead concentrating on calming down, taking deep breaths as he considered his options. The smell of rust forced Charlie to think quickly, and he turned on the faucet, running the water over her feet as red rivers swirled into the drain.

The warm water stopped Dia's uncontrollable whispers, and she froze, her tears dribbling silently, dampening the neckline of her nightdress. Charlie couldn't decipher what was worse, silence or whispers. Before his thoughts could run his brain into overdrive, however, he forced himself to remain mindful and ignore his distressing feelings as he attended to his loved one. Seeing her like this though, an anchorite of her character, pain evident in her brown eyes; it was heart-wrenching, and Charlie felt utterly useless.

Charlie towel-dried her as much he could before taking her back to her room. His fingers were still bruised and taped together, but he was able to bandage her right ankle, which was the source of the blood. He located a new pair of pyjamas for her from her cabinet but she didn't react. Concerned that she would catch a cold from being splashed with water, Charlie removed his jumper and slipped it over her head. He didn't know whether to be grateful that she was allowing him to look after her, or even more concerned. He pulled back her duvet, tucking her in tightly, to ensure no heat could escape.

"I d-don't deserve to l-live." She whispered into the pillow, and Charlie froze. She didn't raise her gaze to acknowledge him, nor did she retract her statement.

Fear washed over Charlie's mind, and he slid into the blanket to wrap his arms around her.

Dia did not lean on his chest as she normally did as he peppered a light kiss on her forehead. Instead, her eyes closed on contact, and it allowed Charlie to release the tears he had been holding back. He lay with her for half an hour to ensure she was asleep before tucking her back into the duvet after he slipped out of the warmth. Charlie was afraid to leave her alone but knew that he needed a distraction to keep himself awake.





In doing so, however, caused him to contemplate on what had just happened. He had always considered himself a light sleeper, so to not have heard Dia was concerning. Either she had been cautions when she passed him, or he had been so exhausted that his brain had shut down as he slept. Deep down, Charlie knew he believed that Dia could not have been of sound mind to have destroyed all that she had worked hard for. The truth underlying this notion was, however, more tormenting. It would mean that as Dia's past unravelled, the more unstable she became.

Feeling his heart increase its pace, Charlie decided to act to prevent the onset of a panic attack. He retrieved a broom and began to brush up the glass, distracting his anxious brain from doing what it did best; burden him with guilt.

One glance at the clock told him it was 3 am, and Charlie could already feel the effects of only a few hours of sleep. Fatigue rested heavily on his shoulders but he refused to allow himself to drift; his emotion of fear was more than enough to keep him alert.

Most of the frames were broken, and so Charlie removed what was left of the photographs and piled them neatly. The only frames remaining on the walls were high up and likely still hanging because Dia was unable to reach them. Vacuuming the area was out of the question until the sun rose, or Dia did.

He placed the broken photo-holders into a black bin bag and un-hung the remaining images, knowing they were likely to cause distress. The wall looked bare, and Charlie felt uncomfortable standing in front of it.

Knowing that he would not be able to sleep, he put the kettle on for a cup of coffee and made his bed. He gulped the hot beverage down and removed his laptop, deciding that while he was awake it was best he occupied his mind with something functional. With his computer, blanket and pillow, he returned to her room making himself comfortable on the floor. It was the only way he could watch her while concentrating on the work he had missed from the last few days.

***

The sun rose, and Charlie felt exhausted. Not having slept a wink, he made himself his third coffee and waited in the lounge for Dia to awaken. Only she didn't. He'd entered her room twice throughout the morning to check on her, but she was still sound asleep. Her blank sleeping face stopped him from rousing her, and he breathed in relief when someone knocked on the front door.

Rebecca's jaw dropped in surprise as she took in Charlie's dishevelled form. She had only ever seen him dressed and proper, but to still be wearing pyjamas, and his hair sticking up at multiple angles at 12:00; it clearly indicated something was wrong.

"What's going on?" She asked as Charlie stifled a yawn. He opened the door wider, allowing her to enter and her eyes landed on the barren walls. "What happened?"

Charlie winced and raised a single finger to his lips, gesturing for Rebecca to follow him to the lounge area. The blonde removed her coat and remained standing, not resting as she waited for him to respond.

"Dia, erm, she's s-still a-a-asleep." He answered the most obvious question, and Rebecca nodded in understanding. Her expression turned grim as she watched Charlie struggle to say his next words. Sitting beside him on the sofa, she waited patiently as he attempted to continue his explanation.

"She w-woke up la-la-last night and r-ripped the frames o-off the wall. Th-there w-was g-g-glass a-all o-on the fl-floor. She ke-kept whi-whispering s-something and erm," Charlie sniffled as he thought back to the problematic night. "She's, she's..." He couldn't finish his sentence without breaking down, and so he stopped speaking, allowing Rebecca to direct the conversation.

"She didn't try to hurt herself, did she?" Rebecca asked in a fluster, and Charlie's eyes widened in alarm; shaking his head as he tried to compose himself.



"N-not that I saw. She did cut herself o-on the glass, but it was o-o-on her ankle. I-I think she n-needs to s-see Dr R-Riley s-sooner than W-Wednesday." Rebecca pressed her lips in thought before asking Charlie why. She knew the answer, she was just afraid to hear the truth.

"Dia s-said she d-didn't d-d-deserve t-t-to l-live." He croaked and Rebecca took a deep breath, wrapping her arms around her friend in comfort, knowing she also needed to feel his embrace.

"We'll get her the right help, Charlie. Whatever we can do, we will do it." She reassured him, knowing it was futile with his current mind set.

"Has she been asleep since?" Charlie affirmed with a nod, using his palm to wipe his face. "And you've been awake the whole night hoping nothing else happens?" Again, he acceded by nodding his head.

"You should have called me." Rebecca sighed.

"It was l-late Rebecca," She frowned but stood up, leaving her coat on the couch.

"Right, I'm going to wake her up. Excessive sleeping is often associated with depression, and quite frankly, it's going to mess up her routine. Why don't you get some kip, you look like you need it."

Charlie thanked her with a small smile and watched as she moved over to Dia's room. He felt uncomfortable sleeping exposed, but he knew that if he didn't sleep now, he wouldn't sleep for a while. The thought of Dia repeating her actions, or maybe trying to hurt herself; it frightened him to the core.

***

Four days later:

Four days later: Four days later: "When was the last time you slept?" Jasper asked Charlie as he yawned, for the sixth time during their meeting. He hadn't seen Charlie since the party and had begged him to come to work to gain some sense of normality. Melissa had seen Charlie the previous night, to drop off some clothes and although Jasper didn't like her, he was grateful that she had been honest about the situation to him when he had asked. Charlie was not coping. At all.

He gave his colleague a pointed look before taking a long sip of his piping hot coffee. Charlie hadn't had a proper night's sleep since Dia was admitted to the hospital six days ago.

"How is she?" Charlie sighed, putting his mug down and slumping into his chair.

"She's b-barely spoken, but she's...f-f-f-functioning." Jasper nibbled on his lower lip in thought.

"How are her therapy sessions with the psych?"

"It's her s-second one today. I c-can't really say if it's helping, I-I didn't go inside for the o-one on Wednesday. R-Rebecca will keep me u-updated, she went because D-Dr Ranj was also in a-attendance. I-I can't e-even bring my-self to say a-anything. I'm u-useless." Charlie rubbed the back of his neck as he attempted to maintain his composure.

"You're not useless mate, you're doing your best, given the circumstances. Has she left the house? Still going to work?"

"Y-yeah, they r-reduced her hours, b-but at least she left the a-apartment for her Tuesday shift and then y-yesterday. Y-you know, I think it's her o-only joy at the moment. It's o-obvious she hates coming back h-home. I think its b-because no one there, at l-least the students have any cl-clue in w-what she's g-going through. They t-treat her normally." Charlie winced as his stammer continued to worsen, he knew that his lack of sleep was contributing to his dysfluency.

"And Rebecca?" Charlie took a deep breath, forcing himself to relax. Jasper's evident attentiveness, and slight wince as he spoke told him that he was struggling to understand his utterances.

"She's come r-round every day for tea. I know they m-must have talked about it, but they w-were in her room, I-I just have n-no i-idea what she's thinking. Jonathon came round t-too, but I-I think that w-was for me."



"How are you holding up, mate?" Jasper asked tentatively, and he watched his friend fall apart. Out of everyone's primary concern for Dia, Jasper knew that Charlie wouldn't have thought twice about his own wellbeing.

you Charlie's wall crashed and he lowered his gaze, embarrassed that he had let his personal life affect him at work. His best friend rubbed his shoulder in comfort, moving a bottle of water closer towards him, which he took gratefully, quenching his thirst. It truly was fortunate that they were the only two people in their department.

"I-I love her, J-Jasper. I-I-I bloody l-love her, and I c-can't do a-anything about i-it. She's g-g-going through so m-much, and all I-I can do i-is f-f-follow her like a b-baby sitter. I-I make sure she's ea-ea-eating a-and f-following somewhat of a r-routine. I'm l-living w-with her and yet I feel so distant. It's a-as if she's l-l-locked m-me o-out." Charlie cried. "I just d-d-don't know w-what to d-do."

Charlie covered his face with his hands as he attemptedto pacify himself. It was no use, Jasper had asked the right questions, and this was the first time he had been able to discuss the situation with his best friend.

"Come on, mate, you can't let this wear you down." Jasper sighed, squeezing Charlie's shoulder in comfort. "Have you spoken to the psych yourself?"

Charlie blew his nose into a tissue as he recalled the conversation he had with Dr Riley the previous night. "Yeah, I sp-spoke to her last night. She w-wasn't accommodating, i-insisting that I didn't pr-pressure Dia or b-beg things to g-go b-back to n-normal." He scoffed. "As if I-I w-would do th-that!"

"She just has to say what she needs to, Charlie, I'm sure she didn't mean anything by it. Not everyone is as understanding as you." Another pointed look stopped Jasper from speaking.

"A-anyways, sh-she said o-once Dia shows im-improvement, she would g-give us the c-c-contact of a re-re-relationship ad-advisor. We d-don't need a-anything like that! I-I just w-want my g-girlfriend to t-talk to m-me." He breathed heavily.

Charlie took another swig from his bottle of water, and then a consecutive gulp, allowing Jasper to speak.

"Charlie, I'll be honest mate, you need to talk to her. You can't suffer in silence like this. It's you who needs to be honest with her. It will make a difference and watching a film together, does not count. Seriously, you need to show her you love her. Moping around isn't going to help. When you go back home, just give her the biggest hug you can offer and talk to her about it. She'll open up, I'm sure." Jasper added before Charlie could open his mouth to interrupt him.

you show Charlie released a sigh of surrender, looking at the papers on his desk. Jasper was right, he needed to talk to Dia. She would be devastated if she knew how difficult of a time Charlie was also having as a result of the past few days.

***

The silence in the once lively apartment was deafening. Charlie had considered cooking, but even the thought of going through Dia's kitchen, without being under her watchful eye was painful. He had taken Jasper's words on board, and they had been running through his mind all day. Dia had returned home from her session with Dr Riley and hadn't left her bed since. Rebecca had stayed until Charlie arrived, and offered him a sympathetic smile as she departed the flat, leaving him struggling to know how to act.

There was, of course, the option of calling Rebecca back and asking for help, or even Jasper. Still, it was not the concept of knowing, but the action that was required, that was causing him difficulty. A glance at the empty yellow wall still caused his heart to clench, and it fuelled his motive to enter Dia's room.

She responded with a barely audible "yes" when he knocked on the door, opening it to see Dia lying on her side, in the foetal positon, in the middle of her bed. Charlie clambered towards her, lying opposite, and she lowered her gaze as he took hold of her hand.



"Hi," He whispered, frightened to disrupt her peace.

"Hey," Dia responded. A single tear rolled down the side of her face and sank into the pillow and he felt his heart break all over again. Before his expression could reveal the hurt he felt, Charlie forced himself to take a silent breath, finding the courage to continue their conversation.

"A-are you hungry?" He asked, and after a few moments, she nodded, her eyes focussed on the white pillows he leaned on. "Come o-on then," He sat up, and Dia's gaze followed him as he stood up, holding a hand out. She linked her fingers gingerly, and he pulled her to her feet, maintaining his grip as he pulled her past the kitchen and into the entrance hall.

"Aren't we eating?" She asked, not meeting his eyes, and he nodded, slipping on his shoes.

"I fancy a chippy, i-it's Friday night." Charlie's green eyes focused on her brown, and she sank her teeth into her bottom lip. He gave her no option to turn back to her room when he placed her coat around her shoulders and a knitted scarf around her neck.

"Charlie," The pain was evident in her voice, but instead he smiled encouragingly. He knew she would be able to tell his smile was forced but still, he maintained the expression. He needed to be strong for her and Dr Riley had asked him to motivate Dia to leave the home. This was his attempt to do so.

"Please," She nodded with a small sigh and tailed him out of the apartment complex with their hands intertwined. Fortunately, it was only a short walk to the local fish and chip shop, and the smell of tasty food invited them in.

The store was packed, and loud, filled with boisterous families. Still, many had already ordered and were holding their receipts in waiting. Fortunately, the restaurant operated quickly and the couple only waited fifteen minutes before they reached the counter.

It was only until this moment, did Charlie realised he hadn't even asked Dia what she would like and he felt the impatience of those behind him, befall upon his shoulders. The greasy man looked stern as he awaited one of the duo to announce their order.



"C-can I-I have, erm, Dia, did you want f-fish and chips?" He verified. She nodded, and the waiter raised a patronising eyebrow.

"Erm, t-two--"

"Come on, mate, we've been waiting for ten minutes now, hurry up. We're starving." A voice echoed behind the couple. Charlie froze and felt the heat rise from his neck.

"T-two f-fish a-and--"

"What's wrong with you? Cat got your tongue?" The man behind, teased and the two women in his company chorused in his laughter. Dia squeezed Charlie's hand, and he swallowed the knot in his throat, relaying his order with some difficulty. The waiter nodded and printed their ticket, which Dia took and led Charlie away from the queue.



She could feel his fingers trembling in his hand and an overwhelming feeling of guilt built in the pit of her stomach as she found mustering the courage to reassure her partner, out of reach.



The couple watched the group that was stood behind them, deliver their order, and laugh without a single care in the world. Charlie chewed his lip anxiously as he watched the male, lean against the counter, speaking charismatically to the waiter. At the same time, the two women hooked onto his every word. Confidence oozed from the male, and he felt anger simmer within him as the gentleman's eyes flicked in Charlie and Dia's direction with a mocking smile.

Dia squeezed his hand once more, and Charlie released a shaky breath, releasing her grip and taking the three steps forward so that he was now standing before the group. The man towered over him and Charlie swallowed strenuously, his thoughts begging him to avoid any form of interaction with the man in-front of him. But Charlie refused.

"E-excuse me," Charlie demanded their attention and the man focussed on him with a lazy smile.

"What?"

"I-I erm..." The man sighed, rolling his eyes.

"Get to the point mate, can't you speak properly?" The woman on the man's left giggled, and something snapped within Charlie, forcing anger to fuel his words.

"N-no, I c-can't," Charlie told them firmly. "I-I have a stammer w-which means sss-sometimes I h-have difficulty..." A warm hand slipped into Charlie's, and his lion-heartedness roared, allowing him to speak with conviction. "I am t-telling you this because y-you shouldn't be so rude. So n-next time there is someone f-f-facing hardship, have a l-little patience."

The scraggly bearded man's lips parted in surprise, and the two women's eyes were as wide as goldfish. "Oh," He rubbed the back of his head. "I didn't know."

"Yes, well now I h-have told you. N-next time, please refrain from acting s-so brazenly." Charlie turned on his heel and received his order allowing him to leave the premises, leaving an impact that had resulted in silence in the busy restaurant.

He wasn't concerned about receiving an apology; Charlie had faced many who had acted the same. Still, the man was amongst countless that were cruel and Charlie felt that if he could change the mind of at least one person, he had stopped the torture for many others. His anxiety had always prevented him from confronting the mean. Still, he couldn't help but feel an emotion he had not quite experienced before. A small nugget of pride.

His heart hammered as they turned the corner, and Dia stopped him from walking further by gently tugging on his hand. He felt his breath escape from him as when he turned to her, something had changed.

For the first time in what felt like forever, a small light had appeared in her eyes, and she was observing him adoringly. Dia took the first step towards him and hooked her arms around his neck, resting her cheek against his chest.

"You were amazing." Her voice was so quiet that Charlie wasn't sure what he had heard, but he kissed her forehead and stroked her cheek with the pad of his thumb. Hope blossomed that this was the first step for Dia, but when they returned to the apartment, he realised that the humble moment they shared was only a flash of the Dia that wasn't absorbed by her past.

They ate quietly, watched a film and he sat with her until she fell asleep. It was becoming a routine. Still, Charlie refused to lose faith. Dia's small action was genuine, and his own heart rejoiced at the thought of her breaking through her walls of security. It would still take time, but it was a light at the end of the tunnel. Even if Dia couldn't see it, Charlie knew he would light the lamps along the way, until she did.

A.N.

I have no words. There is so much here that I feel a little bad that this chapter covers so much. I guess I just wanted to explore this side of stammering and with the situation being so terrible, here is an extra slice of something even worse.

Hope you all enjoyed and like always, I cannot wait to hear your thoughts!!

We are getting so close to the end, it's getting harder to publish each week!





Until the next update,

Love, Aamenah

Song: Sad Eyes - James Arthur





Chapter 24.


Three days later:

Three days later: Three days later: "Dia, I'm b-back," Charlie announced as he walked through the door. He could feel his heart hammering in his chest as he slid off his shoes and hung up his coat, fighting the quake in his fingers and nausea that was seconds away from sending Charlie running towards the bathroom. He had been standing outside of the apartment for almost ten minutes, as his nerves got the better of him; his thoughts increasing his concern for his beloved. Despite what had happened between Charlie and Dia before the weekend, nothing had changed.

Instead, they worked around one another, offering small grievous smiles and hugs of comfort.

It seemed the days she had therapy hit her worse, but Charlie could see a slight improvement. And today he was hoping to finally acknowledge the situation they were facing. Dr Riley had prompted him in the last session that he communicated and now more than ever, it was integral that he supported Dia. Charlie just didn't know how.

Charlie had resorted to calling Melissa, who had ended the conversation by telling him to man-up as he found himself anxious to enter the home. He had just returned from the store, to pick up some milk and now was the perfect opportunity to talk to Dia.

man-up The apartment was silent, and for a moment, Charlie believed it to be vacant despite expecting Dia to be home. His fear multiplied at the thought, but then he heard a squeal, and he looked ahead to see Dia wrapped in a towel as she emerged from the bathroom.

"Ah, sorry!" He clasped a hand over his eyes as she scurried into her bedroom, feeling the heat of embarrassment climb up his neck. When he heard her bedroom door close, he released his eyes and headed to the kitchen to put on the kettle and place the milk in the fridge. She was home , she was safe; were the thoughts that simmered his angst. Once the water had boiled, he brewed a coffee and switched on the TV, happy to see that the first channel was showing Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.

She was home "That's my favourite one," Dia commented in a small voice, from behind the sofa. Charlie imminently turned and took her in. She remained standing, her gaze lowered as she twiddled her thumbs, resting the front of her body against the couch. Her face was puffy, most likely from the time she had probably spent time crying in the shower, and her eye bags had been a permanent feature this past week. The urge to wrap her in his arms overpowered his anxious mind, and he did just that. His own tears emerged as after a few moments, she responded, holding him close. Charlie inhaled her strawberry scented hair, and he couldn't help but tell her the truth.

"I've missed y-you." He whispered, his voice broken and heartfelt.

"I have too," Dia responded honestly, an overwhelming feeling of guilt concentrating through her veins. "And, I'm so, so sorry Charlie" She whispered. Charlie leant back so that they were still embracing one another, but he could see her face.

"What are y-you sorry for?" His furrowed eyebrows told Dia he honestly didn't have a clue what she was referring to. "Dia, you d-don't have to a-a-apologise for anything."

Dia gazed into his green eyes, into the depths of his soul. How could she even begin to explain the countless thoughts in her mind? She had spent the last nine days building up her walls yet, Charlie was so pure. He genuinely wanted to do best by her, and she felt culpable for locking him out.

Her session with Dr Riley, in the morning, was spent expressing her personal grief. It was within that hour she realised and acknowledged that not only was doing harm to herself, and friends, but to Charlie too. It wasn't a solution or enough to give her reason to fight but alongside her vow, she discovered incentive to attempt to battle the darkness.

Dia still felt like she was drowning but Charlie would be her lifeboat. She only needed to blow the whistle and gain his attention to survive.

Tears began to trickle down her cheeks as she thought back to what she wanted to say, and Charlie used the pads of his thumbs to wipe them away. "Come on," He smiled." L-let's go out."



She frowned but didn't decline the offer, following him to where their coats were hanging. Dia had already changed into her pyjamas, but her thick red coat covered her, and in all rectitude, she was past caring. She also noticed Charlie pick up some blankets but decided not to question him. Compliantly, she slipped on her hat and scarf, and Charlie took her hand, leading her out of the apartment.

They didn't speak until they reached the public park that was outside of the apartment building. Once green with grass, the land was now barren and covered in frost, but the fresh air was heavenly. Charlie laced his hand with hers, piloting Dia to a space, under the shade of some trees. Placing one blanket down, he sat in the middle and spread his legs, inviting her to sit in between. Once comfortable, he wrapped the second blanket around them both, settling his hands on top of hers. Dia leaned back, inhaling the familiar sweet cologne that she had come to love, as she watched the dead blades of grass dance as the cold wind blew.

"What's on y-your mind, hun?" Charlie whispered, his breath tickling her ear. Taking a breath, she nodded in acceptance that for the first time since the flashback, she would open up. She would reveal her story.

"I'm lost Charlie," Dia croaked. "I've been so lost."

Charlie waited patiently, allowing her to speak her mind.

"I have spent so much time thinking of what-ifs and maybes. I knew that Rebecca had found out what had happened, but I just couldn't listen to it. Knowing my scars were from something darker than that...night, all I could think was, this was my chance. I didn't lose my memory by mistake, it disappeared because I didn't need to know those bad times any more. It was almost like my brain had hit a reset button. So I decided that when I eventually left the hospital, I would try my hardest to be the best version of myself. I owed it to my child to live the life that they never had, to have a better life than what I had before I... jumped."

Dia took several deep breaths, and Charlie held her tighter, in reassurance. He knew that this was the first time she had acknowledged the accident, for what it actually was, a suicide attempt.

"So, I started to make new memories. I learnt how to knit and bake so many different types of cake because as you know, it's my favourite. I explored and wandered and read so many books. The librarian in town must have gotten sick of me." She released a dry laugh.

"And best of all, Charlie, I learned to love life again. I found joy in waking up in the mornings and breathing fresh air that misted before my eyes. To see the ducks quack as I passed them, hoping I had bought old bread for them to eat. Meeting hundreds of strangers on the train and simply enjoying the fact that we are different yet the same by having a chat. But now, it feels like it's all just gone. I feel as if an anchor weighs me down, forcing me to let go of all that I have found." Dia wept.

Her small silence allowed Charlie to finally tell her what she needed to hear. "Dia, n-nothing will e-ever force you to let g-go of what you have f-found. Your life has been divided b-by the accident, from what y-you remember and what you d-don't. And it's c-completely okay to be scared my love, i-it is absolutely natural. I couldn't i-imagine what you are g-going through b-but I am here. A-anything th-that you decide; I will be w-with y-you the whole time." He promised.

"I-I want to tell you what I know." She whispered, and Charlie nodded silently, not wanting to say anything that could make her affect her concentration. He rubbed small circles on the back of Dia's hand as she thought about what to say next.

"I don't remember everything." She confessed, her voice a frequency higher than a whisper. "Just flashes really. But the pain, I remember the pain so much that it physically hurts me." Dia clutched her chest.



"My name, well my real name is Aditi, but my parents used to call me Dia because it means light. They would say that I was a light in their lives and that was what Amit's nana told me. I think that may have been why my memories came back; it was the trigger that I was looking for." She mused.

"My brother, Avi, used to tease me for the nickname" Charlie observed the corners of lips lift in a somewhat smile at the thought of her family. "We were really close, yes with our ups and downs, but always close. We were spending time in America on holiday when the car accident happened. My mum was driving," She closed her eyes tightly in thought. "The details are blurred, but I remember it being a hit and run, and the police telling us. I don't remember how we came back to the UK, but we did and we were put in care. I know Avi is alive...I just don't know where he is." She rasped.

"Just breathe, Dia, just b-breathe," Charlie whispered, taking deep breaths mimicking the time she had helped him once before. He mentally kicked himself, for not remembering a bottle of water to offer her, but he did have a packet of tissues, and he was relieved she calmed after a few minutes, allowing her to continue once more.

"I don't remember my life in care, i-it wasn't long but it was how I met...Noah." Charlie could feel her body tense as she spoke the name of the man who had hurt her. "He looked after me in the home, and when we aged out, we decided to get a place together. I had no money, no family and for a time Noah was everything. I was a stupid girl." She whimpered. Her slight pause informed Charlie she was jumping forward in time, relating her memories as they came. Discombobulated and unclear, but lining up to create the puzzle she had long ignored.

"Noah...he, he was really nice." She added. "But he couldn't deal with how life presented its cards. He found it hard to keep a job a-and while I thrived...he struggled. It was easy for him to take it out on me, to feel some...power. I was so young back then," She sighed, covering her eyes with the heels of her hands, as she released shaky sigh. "I allowed it to continue, to fester, to permit him to become a shadow of the man I knew and loved. It was to the point that e-every time he hit me...I would reassure him. Every time he broke one of my fingers, I would hug him tight. I knew alcohol made it worse; still, I served it to him."

Charlie knew Dia was reaching the pinnacle moment of her story as she began to quiver in fear. "When I found out that I-I was with child, I knew this was the end." Dia sobbed, as Charlie held her tighter, rocking them gently in comfort. "I couldn't allow him to hurt my baby and so I tried to leave. I packed my bags and he...he pushed me down the stairs of the building. And while I bled, he...laughed. I should have protected her. I should have left in the middle of the night, without a sound, but no, I needed to confront him. Show him that I was no longer afraid of what he could do..."

my Charlie's jaw tightened as he listened intently, stroking Dia's black locks as he held her tight, wishing he could erase her pain.

"I was taken to the hospital by one of the staff who worked at the building. She called Noah, knowing he was my next of kin and when it was revealed he had murdered his own child in cold blood, he lost control." Her tone was bitter as she whimpered, her hate for the man fuelling her words. "And when he realised what he had done, he drank himself sorry, got in a car and drove away, escaping retribution. Aiming one final strike." Dia maundered. "And he won Charlie, he won."

"He didn't w-win Dia," Charlie reassured her, firmly. "You're still alive, and he c-can't hurt you anymore. Look at all you have achieved. All of those memories y-you have created. Dia y-you lived your life for your child and sh-she is w-watching her mother s-so proudly. S-she's s-so proud."

The brunette's tears flooded as she listened to Charlie's words. "She didn't deserve that Charlie, she should have lived."

"I know love, I-I know. But y-you need t-to keep l-living for her okay. I-it's what she would have w-wanted."

Dia closed her eyes in surrender as she finally allowed Charlie's words to coat her cold heart, bringing warmth. "C-can you help me?" She pleaded, and Charlie felt his shoulders release the weight they had been carrying.

"I-I will be with you e-every step of the way." He vowed. "You're not alone." She placed her hands on top of Charlie's, turning her head slightly so that they could make eye contact. The sincerity glowed behind his bright green eyes, and she nodded once.

Dia knew Charlie was telling the truth.

Charlie felt relief wash over him as she bobbed her head in acceptance. He leaned forward, planting his lips on her forehead, and she closed her eyes in gratitude, a ghost of a simper on her lips. "Thank you, Charlie." She whispered.

His eyes landed on her red lips, and she mirrored his action, tentatively pressing her plump lips against his own. It took Charlie by surprise, but he found himself cupping her face, pulling her closer to him, as she wrapped her arms around his neck. And when they parted, they were both breathless. The moment was entirely bittersweet as tears stained both of the small simpers that lifted their cheeks.

"I-I" Charlie cleared his throat. "I love you, Dia." He breathed.

A single snowflake delicately fell, its magnificent structure landing on the intertwined hands of the couple that stared at one another. Again, Dia found herself searching the green eyes she had seen refuge and comfort. Where she had found a home .

home "Y-you don't have t-to say it back," Charlie added, after a few moments of silence. "I-I just needed to tell you. I've wanted to tell y-you f-for a while b-but erm, y-yeah. Y-You, mean the w-world to me a-and..." He stopped speaking when Dia genuinely smiled, captivating him.

"Are you done?" She raised an eyebrow, biting her lips together to hide a real smile.

"I-I...Yes." He parted his lips to say something more, but she clamped a hand over his mouth.

"I love you too, Charlie." His green eyes widened in shock.

"Y-you do?"

She pressed her lips to his cheek, taking in his warmth and love as she hugged him tightly. "I do."

A.N.

We're finally getting some progress! And we're so close to the end, I'm finding it so tricky to edit these last few chapters but at the same time, I love doing it! I love hearing your thoughts and the support I have received so far has been phenomenal.

With this pandemic on our hands, I also wanted to wish everyone well and hope you are all safe. Sending lots of love, wherever you are, Aamenah <3

Song: I'm trying my best- Anson Seabra





Chapter 25.


"Do you want a cuppa?" Dia asked as she re-boiled the kettle, as soon as they entered the apartment, heading straight into the kitchen.

"Please," Charlie confirmed. "I'm just going to have a rinse, its freezing." He headed into the bathroom, and Dia started to collect some ingredients for dinner. Charlie had cooked every night since he began to stay with her and she had felt regretful for not helping out. Thinking back, she felt terrible for making him feel so lonely when tonight had proved they loved one another so much.

"What's a-all this?" Charlie asked when he emerged dressed in his pyjamas and a towel around his neck.

"I wanted to make something nice." She shrugged as she kneaded the pastry. Fortunately, her hand had healed quickly, and so she was able to use both to create the dough.

He took a chair facing her, and after a few minutes, she looked up with a small simper, her dull eyes now dancing with a hint of light once more. It was a sight to Charlie that he could have spent the rest of eternity observing, knowing that the fire that was beginning to emerge, belonged to the woman he loved.

"What?" He asked, blinking to add an innocent touch to his purposeful actions.

"Stop looking at me." She insisted, avoiding his gaze, as he grinned.

"But I l-like watching you cook." His response was honest, causing his ears to turn red, as Dia gaped, her own blush peppering her cheeks.

"Go sit in the lounge or something." She chuckled as he pouted childishly, complying anyway. The apartment had an open plan layout so she could still see him and have a clear view of the TV as he continued the movie he had paused earlier.

"Can you put the volume up?" She ordered, and he leaned over himself, to grab the remote. The butterflies that had erupted in Charlie's stomach, since they had confessed their love, tripled in intensity. This felt almost normal. Though he chastised himself for rejoicing, Charlie couldn't help but look at the woman in wonderment as she operated the kitchen with the fire behind her warm brown eyes.

Dia joined him shortly, in the lounge, making herself comfortable by leaning against Charlie with her feet tucked as they watched the T.V. Though they didn't speak, their unspoken words spoke volumes. The timer beeped thirty minutes later, and the couple quickly fell into a routine. Charlie locating the cutlery while Dia tried not to burn herself as she bought the pie out of the oven.

"What is it?" Charlie asked as he took in the delicious scent. It certainly was not dinner as he had expected.

"Apple pie." She responded, with a small shrug, picking up the knife.

"C-come again?"

"I didn't know what to make and since I had the apples..."

"We're eating apple pie for d-dinner?" She shrugged once more, and he couldn't help but find himself grinning.

"Well, who s-said dessert can't be a main anyway?" He decided, stacking his plate on top of hers and moving them to the side. It would be easier to share from the baking tray.

Dia agreed, slightly relieved. They had leftovers in case Charlie wanted a proper dinner, but while she brainstormed, what to eat, this seemed like the best idea. It was already nearing 10 pm, so dense food wasn't an option, and this was a friendly alternative. Dia had also forgone the extra brown sugar, and so it was relatively healthy, considering. Plus, as she had mentioned, she really needed to use up her apples.

"Have we got a-any ice cream?" Charlie asked just as he cracked through the first layer of pastry. The noise was satisfying, to say the least.

"Let me just check." She turned and removed the large tub from the bottom drawer of the freezer and Charlie, confidently scooped several scoops onto the top. The cream pooled and melted almost immediately, soaking into the pastry and flooding into the apples.



"...You know we're going to have to eat the whole thing now." She commented with a small chuckle at his childishness and he paused, raising his widened eyes to meet hers. He hadn't thought about that.

"W-well, we best dig in then!" He encouraged, and they helped themselves, light conversation easy between the pair, for what felt like the first time in forever.

"Jeez, Dia, th-this is amazing." He complimented as they neared the three-quarter waypoint. She placed a hand over her stomach, puffing out a breath with difficulty.

"Well, I'm glad you think so. I'm stuffed."

He had another spoonful. "You've b-barely had any!"

She looked down at the almost finished pie. "I'm good, you can finish it." He frowned but continued to eat anyway. He was virtually full, but this was one of the best pies he'd ever eaten. His mother used to treat him to dessert for dinner, once in a blue moon, so he liked the idea. He also hadn't been in the mood for anything savoury after his cup of tea. The pie was a sweet surprise.

"So, what's your shift t-tomorrow?"

"Erm, 9 till 6, I think. Why?"

"It's the light switch on at the Town Hall, d-d-did you want to go?" He prayed silently that his suggestion wouldn't be too fast. Today was the first time she had genuinely smiled since the party, he didn't want to push her.

"Oh, already! Yeah, that would be great fun. I think Rebecca mentioned it a couple of weeks ago." Charlie nibbled his lower lip to hide his surprise, bobbing his head, in slight relief.

"Yeah, she and Jonathon s-said they could meet us there. I think Jasper wanted to come too."

"That's a great idea." Dia agreed. "Do you want to meet back here or..."

"Well I f-finish at 6 too, so I-I could pick you u-up from work, and w-we could g-go straight there? Unless you w-wanted to change, or m-meet Rebecca first, or?"

"Charlie, I'll meet you at the library at 6 pm." Dia beamed, her smile captivating him. How this was the same person that was crying just four hours earlier, it was beyond him. But, he had always known Dia was so strong. There had never been a doubt in his mind she would spring back; it was just the process to get to this point that was killing him. But he would happily go through it all over again if it meant he got to spend time with the woman he loved.

"Okay," He grinned. Charlie felt it was ridiculous that he still got so anxious from asking Dia out. Yet, she never failed to make him feel normal . It was just another quality that he loved about her.

normal He washed the dishes and placed them in the dishwasher while Dia returned to her room to change. Although she was already in her pyjamas, they smelled of rain, and she much preferred to wear something dry.

"R-ready for bed?" Charlie asked, hearing Dia walk into the lounge behind him. He was occupied by arranging his duvet on the mattress when her next sentence stopped him in his tracks.

"Do you, erm, want to stay in my room, tonight?" She asked cautiously, and he turned around, in surprise. He had been accustomed to sleeping on the airbed for the minimal hours that he was able to have. Still, despite the evening they had spent together, Charlie had not expected Dia to be so willing.

Dia nibbled on her lower lip and tugged on her nightdress nervously as she waited for Charlie to respond. She wasn't sure what had come over her, and she hoped the question did not insinuate anything more than just sleep. Still, she had felt guilty for allowing Charlie to stay in the cold, and the words bubbled out of her mouth before she could stop them.



"A-are y-you s-sure?" He stammered. "I-I w-wouldn't want to p-push you into a-anything." He grimaced, and she shook her head, grasping his right hand in both of hers.

"You're not, I've felt bad that you're sleeping out here, the heaters don't warm up the lounge properly." He waited a second before nodding tentatively, and her smile widened. She led him to her bedroom, and they both clambered into the covers, a moderate gap in between the two.

Charlie lay on his back, hands piled, on his chest as he stared at the ceiling as his thoughts began to whir. He felt the mattress dip as Dia rolled towards him, her lips down turned in a frown. She could see that his eyes were still wide open in the low light.

"Are you okay?" She whispered and turned his head towards her.

"Y-yeah, you?" he rustled back.

"I'm fine, why are you sleeping like that?"

"Th-this is how I sleep." He responded, and Dia smiled.

"Liar," She accused with a chuckle. With a sudden surge of confidence, she moved closer and wrapped her arm around his torso. Charlie stiffened slightly before relaxing into her embrace shuffling somewhat so that his arm wrapped around her, holding her against him.

"I love you, Charlie," She yawned.

"I love y-you more" He murmured back, only she was already fast asleep.

***

Dia rubbed her hands together as she waited for Charlie on the steps. In her rush to work this morning, she had forgotten her gloves, and the bitter cold had led to numb fingertips. For the first time, in the last few days, she felt optimistic about doing something Even Meryl, her co-worker had noticed a positive difference in demeanour but Dia was glad that the topic was not raised.

She couldn't explain the change; it could be down to her additional medication Dr Riley had given her, or that as predicted, she had been lifted out the water and placed on a lifeboat filled with love and security. Not being able to pinpoint why; was slightly concerning. Nevertheless, she had decided to put the thought to the back of her mind. Waking up in Charlie's arms had put her in a great mood, and although she knew things were different, she knew that he loved her just as much as she loved him.

why; The loss of her child and her past was still prevalent in her mind, and Dia knew that her experience would shape her future. She had noticed the changes, particularly in how vulnerable she felt, almost immediately. Still, she wanted to push on. For now, to see Charlie smile brightly and kiss her forehead lovingly was enough to make her feel that her storm was settling.

"Hello, m' lady." Jasper sang as he skipped towards her, Charlie following closely behind with a facial expression that combined disgust and humour. Dia chuckled, rolling her eyes, deciding to play along.

"Hello, kind sir." She curtsied before taking Jasper's outstretched hands and descended the three stairs onto flat ground.

Charlie's complete change in mood had told Jasper all that he needed to know when he came into work. He proceeded to invite himself to the light switch on, and all was confirmed when he saw Dia authentically smile as she caught the eye of the two as they arrived. Jasper had been sick with worry when Dia fell ill, but to see her bordering the person he had come to know, and feeling somewhat herself, it was a huge relief.

"Gosh, it's freezing!" Jasper commented as Dia shivered. "Come on, if we move quickly, we can get a good spot."

Dia waited as Jasper walked ahead, a welcoming smile on her lips as she laid eyes on her love. "Have a g-good day?" He asked. She leaned on her tiptoes, both hands on Charlie's shoulders and he bent his head slightly to catch her lips in a quick peck.



"It was alright," She responded. "You?"

"Better now that I'm with you," He shrugged as she wrinkled her nose. "W-what?"

"That was cheesy," Dia stated. Charlie paused momentarily as his teeth sunk into his lower lip. She interlaced her bare hand with his glove-covered one, pursing her lips to hide her hilarity. "It's a good thing, I like cheese." She added, and he rolled his eyes with a smirk.

"You hate ch-cheese." He stated in a matter of fact tone, recalling how she almost always gave him her cheese toppings, only eating the dairy product on pizza. This time it was Dia's time to shrug, allowing the small giggle to finally release, and a new warmth to enter her chest.

No words could describe how Charlie was feeling. Even Jasper had noticed when he had waltzed into work. In just twenty-four hours, she looked so much better. He didn't know whether to be concerned about her sudden mood change and had decided he would call Dr Riley about it. For now, though, as Jasper told him, he should enjoy the moment. The love of his life was present, and doing well, of all emotions, he should be happy.

"What are you lot waiting for?" Jasper called from the opposite side of the road, flapping his arms like a maniac. Charlie met Dia's warm eyes and chuckled, holding her hand tighter as he pulled her to the traffic light. Jasper had run across the road when the red man had made an appearance, so he was left stranded until the green man arrived.

"Took you long enough." He moaned, a smile tainting his lips as he continued to walk in front of the couple. He had waited almost two years to see Charlie smile the way he was smiling today and he couldn't help but feel ecstatic for his friend. Yes, his relationship came with difficulties but so did all partnerships. Jasper had known from the very beginning, Dia was perfect for his best friend.

They joined Rebecca and Jonathon towards the front of the large crowd, outside of the Town Hall. The event was hosted in the city centre, and Rebecca found it opportune to have a look around and buy some final shopping for Christmas. The bags in her and Jonathon's hands suggested they had obviously been successful; Christmas themed wrapping sticking out of the blue carrier, immediately catching Jasper's attention.

"Presents!" He squealed nearing the couple and Rebecca outstretched his hand, stopping him from coming any further.

"No, peeking!" Rebecca warned in amusement as the auburn-haired man pouted like a child. When Dia smiled, she froze before dropping her bags and clutching her best friend, as if her life depended on it.

"I'm so glad you made it," Dia could feel Rebecca's tight embrace, and when she pulled back, she could see the blonde's attempt to search her eyes. It didn't make her feel uncomfortable as she expected, though. Rebecca was just as crucial to Dia as Charlie was. Her best friend had been just as contributable in trying to support her, as everyone in Dia's inner circle had. If anything, she felt fortunate that while she struggled, her friends had remained patient and supportive. It was more than she could have asked for.

"I'm trying," she responded, not wanting to make any false promises. The blonde leaned back, holding her friend's cheeks with her hands.

"Well, it's a start right." Dia nodded, and Rebecca flashed her pearly white teeth in relief.

Before the two became overwhelmed with their emotions, Jonathon reminded them that the event was just about to start and they parted slightly to face the Christmas tree. Still, not before Rebecca made eye contact with Charlie in bewilderment and he nodded in agreement. The last week had been awful, and they could only be thankful, in the hope that the worst was over.

"Have you seen the light switch o-on before?" Charlie asked, pulling Dia's frozen hand into his pocket. She smiled gratefully and shook her head.

"Not in Leicester," Dia responded as her stomach fluttered in excitement.

"Well, you're in for a t-treat then!" He grinned, moving to stand behind her so that he could shield her from the cold. His coat was big enough to extend over her small frame, and Dia embraced the warmth.

"Ten...nine...eight...seven...six...five...four...three...two...one" The crowd chanted.

Dia's eyes widened in wonderment. The dark square suddenly bloomed with light, the giant Christmas tree springing to life as the colours beamed. Her jaw dropped in shock as the carol singers began to sing "Wonderful Christmas Time" by the Beetles. The audience started to sing along as the fireworks display began, and Dia focused her energy into the present moment.

In all honesty, she didn't know what the future held for her. Still, to live her life to the fullest, she needed to live in the present. And right now she was happy, it was a feeling that she knew she needed to fight for. Dia would refuse to allow her spirit to be dampened by her past. There were still holes, but for now, she would contest her right to survive. If she wanted to be happy, to continue the life she had built for herself, she would need to.

A.N.

Short and sweet. I hope you like the chapter and don't forget to comment and vote! I appreciate it so much, you really have no idea!

I hope everyone is well and I can't stress enough how important it is to be staying inside (even though it's killing me haha). This virus isn't a joke and we can only pray a cure is found soon.



Keep safe!

Love, Aamenah <3





Chapter 26.


6 weeks later:

6 weeks later: "Are we doing anything today?" Dia spoke her thoughts from where she was sat on the bed. Charlie paused from pulling his jumper over his head as he noticed her sink her teeth into her bottom lip, as he frowned.

"I thought w-we were just having a lazy day?" Charlie stated. "D-did you h-have plans?" He added curiously, as the raven-haired beauty looked up, a sheepish smile coating her lips. It was evident she had something else on her mind, but she simply shook her head, tucking a loose strand behind her ear.

"No, nothing," She then added in confirmation, as he sat down opposite her, mirroring her seating position. Charlie's expression was clear that he didn't buy her attempt but before he could press, she leaned forward to squeeze his cheeks between the palms of her hands.

The compression made it difficult for Charlie to frown, but his message came across clearly, and she relaxed her squeeze so that she was only cupping his face. Green eyes absorbed by brown.

"I was just being curious, lazy day it is." She smiled, kissing the tip of his button nose. "Fancy watching a movie?" He assessed her quickly, but with the sparkle so bright in her eyes, he found it challenging to press the subject further.

"I don't know, w-we could go out?" He offered, and Dia scrunched up her nose, shaking her head, knowing full well it was the opposite of what he would have wanted.

"It's too cold." She shuddered, and he lifted his shoulders in a shrug.

"It hasn't st-stopped us before." He reminded her and Dia smiled at the many sweet memories the couple had experienced during the freeze. "Unless you have any better ideas?" He prompted, and the brunette grinned.

"Well, we could just chill here?" She wiggled her eyebrows, and he chortled, leaning slightly forward and brushing his lips against hers momentarily, pulling away before she could react.

"Hey!" Dia complained, but Charlie clamped his lips tightly against one another, shuffling backwards to escape her loose grip.

She pouted, but Charlie just smirked mischievously, in response. "Let's have some l-lunch." When she didn't respond verbally, he rolled his eyes, with a grin, and flicked her nose.

"No fair!" She whined as he got off the bed, and with his back turned, she took the opportunity to stand up and launched herself onto him. Charlie hadn't expected the sudden weight and he immediately tottered before falling to the ground, with Dia landing on top of his back.

"Shoot, Charlie, are you okay?" She asked, concern tainting her tone.

"Mmph." His voice was muffled by the rug, and she quickly scrambled off of him, allowing him to breathe. He turned his head towards her, still on his stomach and stared with a stern expression. It was evident that he was acting, Charlie couldn't perform for toffee. The small dimple that appeared even when he attempted to hide his smile always gave him away.

"Oh grow up, you're fine" She laughed getting to her feet as he did the same, raising an eyebrow.

"G-grow up?" He questioned, and she stuck out her tongue, walking out of the room. Charlie followed her, and she quickened her pace with a small squeak as she realised he was on her heels. His long legs allowed him to catch up in two long strides and Charlie wrapped his arms around her waist, spinning her while she kicked and laughed. Tears of happiness trickled down her cheeks as she attempted to catch her breath.

"You're going to make me sick," Dia squealed intentionally. Charlie couldn't deal with illness, and he stopped immediately, which was her purpose. She turned so that she was facing him, her hands on his chest as they both breathed heavily, laughing at one another's mussed hair and red cheeks.



"So, what do you want for lunch?" She breathed with an innocent smile, and he grinned, finally placing his lips on hers.

"And what do we have here?" A voice echoed into the room, and they turned to see a dark auburn-haired figure standing in the entrance of the doorway.

"Jasper!" Dia identified, slightly surprised. "What are you doing here?" They hadn't made plans, as far as she was aware of, so his arrival was unexpected.

"I heard a noise and needed to investigate." He explained. "I just didn't expect the source to be soo...spicy." The couple glowed red as the gentleman slipped off his shoes.

"You and Rebecca need to stop just walking into our homes." She scolded, tying her hair into a bun on the top of her head, as she refilled her lungs with air.

"Well, don't give us keys then," He retorted, placing gift bags onto the table as he removed his gloves.

"Charlie could have been changing." She stated, and the jester shrugged, picking up an apple from the fruit bowl.

"It's not anything I haven't seen before." He jousted, with his mouth full and Dia's jaw dropped in disbelief, turning to her boyfriend questioningly.

Charlie shook his head, his forest eyes begging her not to ask for the details, but Dia couldn't help appease the curiosity bubbling within her. Knowing her boyfriend wasn't going to spill the details, she took a seat in front of her friend, in anticipation.

Dramatically, Jasper held his chin, in thought. It was obvious he knew what he was doing and the couple yelled his name at the same time, both using very different tones. One in impatience, one in a form of warning.

Charlie should have known his cautionary inflexion would have no impact on his best friend as he grinned once more.

"There really isn't a story." Jasper took another bite of the red apple, in thought. "I had spent the night and accidentally walked in on him in the shower."

"Didn't you hear the water?" Dia investigated, and the man-child attempted to hide his smile.

"I swear it was an accident." He defended, but it was clear Charlie didn't agree.

"O-of course he did." Charlie sighed. "He just likes to b-b-be a git at times."

"It's not exactly something I wanted to see first thing in the morning." He dramatically shuddered. "My eyes are still scarred, the image is—"

"Enough!" Charlie exclaimed in disbelief, heat rising up his neck. Dia made eye contact with the convict, and the two burst into laughter as Charlie grumbled to himself, embarrassed as he returned to his room.

"So, what actually brought you here anyway?" Dia asked, taking a bite of her own apple.

"Christmas presents," He bobbed his head towards the bags. "I just haven't gotten round to give them out yet."

"Jas, Christmas was almost 4 weeks ago." Dia chuckled in disbelief, and he shrugged, not feeling guilty for his ill-punctuality.

"Well, Happy February then," Jasper pushed the smaller gift bag towards her, and she took it gratefully.

"Thank you, you didn't have to get me anything." She grinned, and he smiled in return, as she pulled out the woolly hat and new journal.

"Oh, this is perfect! My one was close to finishing." Dia exclaimed, flicking through the empty lined-pages.

"I'm glad you like it," he simpered, "Right, I'm going to save Charlie from throwing a pity party and then I have something to tell you, okay." He added, slipping off the stool before she could respond. Dia listened to the apologies and the bickering behind closed doors before Charlie was dragged into the lounge by a bouncing 6-foot man.



The red-head instructed the two to sit on the couch, thrusting the larger gift bag into Charlie's arms before standing in front of them, using his hands to emphasise his point.

"Okay, you can open your present first, Charlie."

Charlie's eyes landed on the blue box and immediately shot daggers at his friend.

"You'll thank me for it later mate," Jasper winked as Charlie buried the box further before Dia could see. Underneath the cardboard was a football shirt that represented Charlie's favourite team, Liverpool, which he genuinely liked and showed Dia before she could ask what the box contained.

"Right well, you're probably wondering why I'm really here?" He began, and Charlie pursed his lips as he waited for his friend to answer his own question.

The jester clapped his hands together as his smile widened as he finally provided an explanation for why he had arrived. "I've met someone..." He started, causing both of his friend's eyes to bulge.

"Really!" Dia squealed in excitement. "Oh Jas, this is wonderful! It will be lovely to have another girl. Who is she? How long have you been dating? Tell us everything." She dragged him towards the sofa, seating him in the middle so that he could deliver the details.

"Well, I've known her for a while and so has Charlie."

This caused his best friends' eyebrows to furrow, but he listened intently as Jasper launched into his elaborate tale. "So I was working late a couple of weeks ago and decided that the only way I was going to finish some work, was if I had some coffee." The couple either side of him shared understanding expressions on their faces. Coffee truly was a gift and when needed to, worked miracles. "So I got my coffee from the café inside the train station and had a bit of a clumsy spell, spilling the coffee all over the place, and the girl beside me."

"And it turned out you knew the girl it landed on, had a catch-up and now you're dating?" Dia piped in, her voice rising an octave in excitement.

Jasper offered her a blank look. "No." His point-blank answer was almost humorous and forced Charlie to stifle his laugh when he noticed his girlfriend's glare. "The woman who helped me out and cleaned me up was the one I knew and caught up with," Jasper explained.

"W-wait, are you talking about Robyn?" Charlie asked and the auburn-haired man nodded. The woman had been working at the cafe for as long as Charlie and Jasper had been working at the publishing house. Being a regular coffee drinker, the two had gotten to know the staff well. Robyn was the only employee that worked both the day and evening shift as she was the assistant shop manager, and consistently remembered their orders by heart.

"Yeah," Jasper grinned. "We got talking and then the next thing you know I asked her out and we actually had a pretty fab date."

"That's really great to hear Jas," Dia grinned and he nodded in agreement.

"Yeah, she just gets me you know. We've had a couple of dates and I really think it's going somewhere. We had this awesome Marvel marathon the other night and it just feels right" The couple glowed in understanding, resonating with the emotions that Jasper was expressing.

"I-I'm guessing you never finished y-your project did you?" Charlie asked and the ginger blushed, guiltily.

"It's almost done, I swear." Charlie couldn't hold his severe expression, releasing a wide smile as he clapped his hand against Jasper's back.

The conversation continued, giving Jasper the opportunity to show them so photos of the woman with pink hair and a sweet smile. Immediately, she seemed kind and to see Jasper so happy was more than his two friends could ask for.



"Shoot, is that the time!" Jasper gasped looking at the clock on the opposite wall. "Right, I've got to go, I'm taking Robyn out for a late lunch after her shift."

"She's got a grip on you, hasn't she?" Dia grinned, as Jasper quickly scampered over to where he had lazily discarded his shoes.

"N-no." Jasper shook his head in denial. "I am in charge of the relationship."

"Sure," Charlie teased, finding the situation amusing as his friend attempted to cover up his blatant lie.

"I'm here to tell you I have a girlfriend, I don't think it matters who wears the pants, so to speak." Jasper huffed, crossing over his arms.

"Yes it does," The couple responded simultaneously, forcing him to roll his eyes, a smile tugging at his lips.

"Anyways, do you guys want to come over for dinner next Wednesday, it will be the four of us?" Jasper asked, brushing off their weirdness.

"You can cook?" Dia questioned, and Jasper chuckled in the realisation that he was yet to show off his kitchen skills.

"Dia, I could have been a chef." He exaggerated, causing the couple to roll their eyes. Charlie had no doubt that despite the man entering the first stages of a committed relationship, he wouldn't change. Still, Charlie didn't truly see that as a negative. Jasper would be an excellent partner, the man-child had a way with people that Charlie had never witnessed before, and it was highly effective.

"Anyways, I really have to go. Use your gift wisely, it seemed to me when I came you'd need it." The auburn-haired man winked before shutting the door leaving Charlie dumbstruck and Dia confused.

"What gift?" She asked, and Charlie internally swore at his monster of a friend.

"N-nothing." He replied. "A-are you hungry?" He removed the pizza from the fridge and placed it in the microwave to warm. They had eaten after Jasper made the news but the emotional rollercoaster they had embarked, had emptied their stomachs. Their bodies hungered for nutrients and energy.

"Starving," Dia complained, wearing a smile. "I can't believe it though, Jasper finally settling down."

"I think you called it," Charlie stated, presenting the pineapple covered goodness, in front of her.

"Thanks," She beamed, helping herself. "And how do you mean?"

"Well, you're the o-one that mentioned h-he should settle down," Charlie responded as he took his own bite, recalling the conversation they had shared on Christmas day. Dia had noted he was their only single friend, but only someone as bonkers as Jasper would be able to deal with him.

Dia offered a guilty simper as she chewed and swallowed. "I guess I did" She chuckled. "And like we said; apparently she's worse than him." Dia gigged as Charlie grimaced.

"Well, have fun with a Jasper of your own." Charlie chuckled in disbelief as Dia frowned immediately. She hadn't thought of that.

***

"So w-what do you w-want to do? Another movie?" Charlie stretched from the couch. The couple had been sat watching TV all day, and as the sun began to beam its late-afternoon glow, he was itching to leave the apartment for some fresh air.

Dia's silent response raised his attention, and he observed her nibbling her lower lip, deep in opinion. Tentatively, he stroked the back of her hand, and she made eye contact, with a small smile.

"W-what is it?" He asked, and she adjusted on the sofa so that she was facing him, her eyes tight from the constant glare of the screen as she smiled.



"How about we go out?" She suggested, and immediately Charlie gathered that despite his previous suggestion Dia had wanted to leave his apartment earlier in the afternoon.

"Sure," He quickly agreed, not wanting to focus on the negative which would have allowed guilt to fester in acknowledgement that he had suggested they spent the day indoors. "Where did y-you w-want to g-go?"

"It's hard to explain," Dia stated, "But I want to take you somewhere," She intertwined his hand to coax him to stand and they pulled on their thick coats and outer layers, including the matching hats Jasper had bought them.

To Charlie's surprise, Dia led him all the way to the train station, where she purchased tickets back to the town that she had been found in all those months ago. He found it difficult to not ask the details of their destination but found the determination to remain tight-lipped; he would find out soon enough.

"W-what are we doing h-here?" Charlie finally asked as they passed the familiar family of squabbling ducks as they crossed the canal bridge.

"I'll tell you when we get there," She squeezed his hand reassuringly, piloting Charlie towards an unmarked path. After a few short moments, they entered a clearing where a single bench was standing, amongst the winter flowers. Frost had coated the blades of grass, and their timing was perfect, as the sky began to glow orange in preparation for sunset.

"It's b-beautiful," Charlie stated as the couple made their way to the lone bench. They sat close together, breaths misting as they took in the glorious sunset. The colours stained the sky, giving life to the wilderness. He couldn't help but fall in love with the small meadow. Being the only two people present also contributed to this. It felt like they were in their own little bubble. Untouchable. Protected. Safe.

Birds began to screech out their calls and Dia took in a deep breath of the fresh air allowing her whirring brain to spill its contents.

"I needed a place to think about things." She began to explain. "When I was released from the hospital the first time, the real world was noisy, and I felt detached. Particularly in those first two weeks, I just needed a place to breathe. I can't remember who it was that directed me to this place, but I am so glad they did. I guess you could say it became my own personal haven."

Charlie smiled as he wrapped an arm around her, and she snuggled into his warmth. "I used to come here to think about her," Dia added in a small voice. "I had nothing of my past except for the knowledge of losing a child."

Charlie froze as the conversation took a turn, but she met his gaze with a smile. Dia had been contemplating talking about her baby for a while. After running the discussion with Dr Riley, it had been this particular morning that Dia felt confident she could initiate this conversation. Jasper had spoken so positively about his future, Dia knew it was something that she resonated with. It didn't take long for her to glance at Charlie and truly see the possibility of such a future.

She was ready to take her own steps forward and knew Charlie would meet her there. Dia also knew that she needed to face her past directly and not hide from it as she had done for so long. Her biggest hurdle was acquiescing her most significant loss. Overcoming it would allow her to be truly honest in what she wanted from life. The life she had vowed to live.

Dia just needed to make the leap first.

"I was five months pregnant when I lost her." She revealed. "I wasn't able to provide her with a proper funeral, but when I come here, it sounds weird, but I can feel her presence. In the soft gale that caresses our faces. The crunch of frost under our toes and the echoes of the birds. It's like she is present, motivating me to go on."



Charlie squeezed her hand as he listened, gripping his attention onto each word.

"I haven't been able to come back since the flashback, but I've meant to return. Only this time, I brought you here because I don't want to keep this place a secret anymore. I want to show her I am happy. That I am living my life to the full, as I vowed to her...to myself"

"Th-that's a beautiful thought, Dia" Charlie whispered, and she responded with a close-mouthed grin. "Your future is s-so bright, my love," Charlie stressed, and she pressed her lips against his. "I'm glad you brought m-me here."

"I'm glad you came." She sighed in content. "Jasper made me think of something, though, and I was wondering whether you would agree with me."

Charlie hugged her hand, prompting her to speak freely. "I know we've only been together for a short while, but I'm really serious about you. We've had to go through so much in such a short space of time, I think we can both agree that this is what we want." Her eyes were wide, full of insecurity as she watched the thoughts run through Charlie's mind. She was able to read them before he had even parted his mouth to agree with his thoughts. His genuine beam also spoke a thousand words that comforted her heart.

"I want us to move in together, Charlie. I want a family, and I know it's bold of me to say so, but I couldn't imagine spending the rest of my life with anyone but you. Of course, we can take things slowly, but I know what I want..."

Charlie's eyes filled with unshed tears as his heart pounded with every word his girlfriend spoke. "Th-there isn't anything m-more I could ask f-for Dia." He sniffled, cupping her face with both his hands.

"So we'll do it?" She asked, and he nodded firmly. "Not straight away, but we're on the same page."

"We'll do it." He agreed, kissing her lips passionately; his actions expressing how happy he was to hear that she wanted the same things as him.

They stayed out in the cold until Dia began to sneeze and Charlie promised that they would return more often. The moment the couple had shared was powerful. Charlie knew that Dia had evolved as a result of all that had happened. Yet the core to her being still existed. If anything, her exposé into her past, only gave him more reason to love her infinitely, and he expressed this physically and verbally.

After a ten minute wait, the train arrived and Charlie proceeded to join the queue but stopped when he heard his name being called and his hand tugged back slightly.

"Charlie," Dia called his name cautiously, and he turned to her, slightly confused. "Do you, erm, do you mind if I don't sit..." She nibbled on her lip, and he squeezed her hand reassuringly, trying his hardest to hide his widening smile. Her request would have been considered bizarre to some, but this was Dia. This was who she was and he didn't want to make it anything more than what it was.

"O-of course not," He responded positively and released her hand allowing her to board the train first. He watched as she made her way onto the carriage, her eyes twinkling in excitement as she perched next to an elderly woman, holding a pair of knitting needles. The woman welcomed the passenger with a warm smile, and the two began to converse effortlessly.

Dia had pretty much ceased all form of conversation on public transports after her flashback. She had never told her friends, or Charlie for that matter, that the horrors she had witnessed had made her feel vulnerable; untrusting. Although she knew they had noticed, it had not been discussed with anyone but Dr Riley. Having faced her bitter past and sharing her sacred space with her love; Dia was able to accept that life would change, despite how in control she felt. Moreover, this change could be positive, the decision was entirely up to her.

When she boarded the train, the urge to practise her favourite past-time overwhelmed her, and she was grateful that Charlie did not mind.

Charlie sat across the mini aisle, observing his love with an admirable smile as she made conversation abruptly. The conversation partner was more than happy to comply, and he leaned back, feeling a sense of relief and comfort as he listened to her talk.

Just watching Dia allowed him to realise just how much life had changed in six months. How pleased he would be to see her on his daily commute. To listen in on her random snippets of wisdom. Now that Dia felt comfortable doing this, a part of Charlie knew that despite things being complicated, he had an assurance that Dia was going to be okay.

Things were never going to go back to normal, but normality was overrated. For now, though, he could sit back and just listen to the beautiful woman speak, for she was enchanting. Moreover, her words were full of wisdom, spreading light to all that were lucky to hear her.

The End.

***

[Authors Note on the next page]

Song: I'll stay- Isobel Moner.





Final Author's Note


So firstly, if you are reading this, you made it! We're at the end of the story, and who'd have known all of this was possible!

This story to create, piece together and upload has been a journey and a half and honestly, I just can't believe I am the stage of saying goodbye.

I spent months doing the research, there were endless revisions, and it was so hard to not just throw all that I wanted into the story. I wanted this story to be real and I know there will be so many more questions, like what happened Melissa, Rebecca and who is Robyn but those will be answers that I promise will be answered some point in the future. It's all in my head, it's just getting to paper and I want it to match the level of this story, so it may take some time.

This story highlights some really important topics; such as bereavement, PTSD, Mental Health and Stammering, and I'm just in awe of how many of you connected with the tale. One thing I did want to note in particular, however, was that this story did not use stammering as a plot device to invoke endearment, and suggest that a person who stammers, always struggles. Rather, this particular journey was about a man named Charlie, who through watching his loved ones suffer, realised that he could go on in his life without his stammer impinging him. His anxiety and nerves were a consequence of the stammer, as opposed to his mental health causing the stammer, and he could overcome this. I hope you all enjoyed his character development, just as much as you enjoyed reading Dia's.

I also want to thank you all. This story means the world to me and I am so thankful for this platform for allowing me to publish it. Thank you for all of the comments, votes and reads, they genuinely mean the world to me and encourage me to keep going.

And really the biggest thankyou is to you all for reaching the end of this story and loving Charlie and Dia from the very start. If anything was my goal, it was to be able to create treasured characters, that I was able to share with you all.

Before this all gets rambly and spirals, I guess this is time for goodbye, and I hope to meet you all again in my future works, one day!

Love, Aamenah <3

Update: 04/12/2020

Never in a million years would I have anticipated that this little story of mine would win a Watty Award! It is sincerely because of all of you, and your support. Thank you once again, lovely readers, it means the world!

Update: 04/12/2020





What's Next!




Following on from Charlie and Dia, I am delighted to launch the Finding Hope series. This will be a collection of standalone stories, each containing different characters, navigating their own worlds.



My next story is Grayson's Moon:



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Grayson Colby had it all. Popularity in school, a respectable career and an abundance of happy memories that maintained a smile on his face.

Until one day, the moon that brightened his skies faded away.



Lost without his bright light, Grayson is forced to continue his new life, whilst searching for a new bright spark.

That spark, may just be Anni Brown, a six-year-old in dire need of a nanny.

On top of moving location, forging new friendships and meeting Anni's ruthless caregiver Rosie, who appears to hold a darkness he can only relate to; can Grayson face his own adversities and meet the memories he once longed to forget?

Read on to find out!





[Completed]





Stay safe lovelies,

Aamenah x





