Title: Comfort the Wolves

0. Rain and Holy Water


Prologue - Fifteen Years Earlier

Prologue - Fifteen Years Earlier It astounded him how different one side of the river was from the other.

On his side, the rain streamed between cobblestones in threads that caught the light. Women lifted their skirts over red leather boots to tiptoe through puddles. And men in cologne checked the rain-spotted glass of expensive watches before they hailed a taxi.

But on this side, the rain turned the place to muck. The mud was heavy and cold. It slurped at his boots and splattered the hem of his trousers. And it smelled like a cracked coffin from hell: fish rot, piss, motor oil and cheap, pink-smelling perfume.

The perfume came from The Dice and Damsel, a brothel with yellow windows open to the rain. Women in nothing but multicoloured corsets leaned out and smoked long cigarettes between lipsticked teeth. They watched him cross under their windows; his hat worn low, collar flicked up to his ears, cane barely squelching a purchase in the mud.

Of all the places in the world to wedge an altar, the Old Mother had to choose this one.

It was off the last door of the Damsel. The peeling white paint marked a different sort of establishment than the red and black checkered walls of the brothel.

Lewis hesitated, listening over the rain to the voices inside before he knocked three times with his gold-tipped cane.

Two women waited inside, holding candlesticks that stretched strange hands of light over their faces and deepened their frowns. The girl must be further inside.

"You came alone," said the first.

Lewis bowed his head. "So as not to frighten the girl, then." The altar was nothing but a closet compared to the cavernous, sprawling creatures of his side of the river. Eight kneelers, no electricity. Just candles melting into the floor and the heavy smell of incence coating his lungs.

"Well, you're not seeing her," the other one snapped.

This woman, he knew immediately. Her voice held a cadence that soothed the animal in him. Frederica, the grandmother; a potential mate of the pack herself. Though it was fading, he could smell her too, a mix of musk and honeysuckle.

Lewis bowed over his cane to her, pressing his dripping hat to his heart. "Madam Finn, as Alpha of White Pine, allow me to offer my deepest apologies to both you and your granddaughter for the breech of our contract."

"My," the first woman clicked her tongue, wrapping a frizzy wooled shawl more tightly around her. "Alpha? What an honour." She must be Old Mother Taimar, the founder of this small altar.

Frederica merely watched him down the slant of her nose. "You mated then, Alpha?" she asked, tilting her chin up slightly.

"Yes, madam. Tatiana has been my mate these last two years."

Frederica sniffed. "Well. Makes no difference. A wolf is a beast. And no beast will touch that child ever again."

"Honestly, dear." Mother Taimar gestured for his coat and laid it over a kneeler. "He's come all this way. The Alpha. A grace from him might allow the girl a little peace."

Frederica watched him set his hat and cane gently over the coat. Lewis noticed a tremor in her hand just before she crossed her arms. "This way, then."

Lewis followed the swoosh of skirts to a small storage room at the back. Past the altar, he could smell the girl hiding in the closet. She smelt soft and yellow, like a brush of sunlight.

He crouched by the door. Closer, he smelt the undercurrents of her scent: laced like poison with infection and the rot of a failed mark. One of his own wolves had done this to her. His own pack.



A certain disgust filled him, slithering through his ribs and up his throat like a snake. His voice, however, betrayed none of his anger, "May I open the door, Miss Finn?"

There was a hiccup of a breath, then the heartbeat of terror. His shadow must look huge through the wooden mesh of the door.

"I won't hurt you. I promise that much, miss."

The little ball of a girl in there didn't so much as breathe.

Lewis reached up to rest his hand on the handle. "I am opening the door now," he said quietly.

The handle turned and he eased it open, expecting a small lamb of a girl wrapped in her tears.

Instead he got the muzzle of a gun pressed square to his forehead. It was a pocket gun, the metal pressing into his skin, thin and cold like a needle.

She was breathing now, rough and rushed. Her hands were shaking and her black eyes were as watery and dark as the rain outside.

"There now, child," he said in his sweetest voice, keeping his breath as even as sleep. "You've been through a lot, now haven't you? Am I the first wolf you've seen since?"

She didn't answer, sniffling back some of her tears and pressing the gun against his temple more firmly.

Lewis kept his gaze pressing gently into hers, like she were a pup about to turn feral. "I am going to move now, pup," he said gently, so she wouldn't startle. He stretched his neck up and to the left. Between his fingers he carefully pinched the gun's barrel and brought it down to press against his jugular.

Her eyes widened.

"I am baring my throat to you, pup. Do you know what that means?"

Her face twisted, like she were about to cry. But she nodded.

"I am not here to hurt you," he repeated slowly.

She held the gun there for a moment, shaking. Then her breath fell out of her in a gush; she choked on a sob and the gun fell away to point to the floor.

He took a deep breath himself and folded his legs beneath him, watching her shrink into herself and away from him.

She was all curls. He didn't know how he missed it before. But they spilled off and around her head in tight coils, running down her nightgown and knotting on the floor beneath her. Her skin was dark like her grandmother's, and shadowed by a yellow shine of sweat and candlelight.

"Can I take a look at the mark?" he said, after a moment.

She curled a lip at him, almost like a snarl, and pressed her dress to her chest.

"I can help," he promised. Again, as slow as if she were feral, he pulled back the front of his jacket and withdrew a small flask and a handkerchief. "This is holy water from our altars. Should help with the pain and the infection. Though, I won't touch you, if you don't want it."

"Let him see it, child," Old Mother Taimar said, from behind him.

The grandmother ground her teeth. "You don't have to, love."

The child looked to the women then back to the wolf sitting cross-legged at the closet's threshold. Lewis remained still, every muscle at ease.

Then she pulled a fist of her nightgown away from her chest, and carefully removed the pad of gauze over her shoulder. It came away sticky with pus and blood.

Alpha didn't move; he barely blinked.

There were scratches and bruises over her chest: teeth marks, hand marks, claw marks. But what drew the eye and tightened the throat was the mark itself, in that soft corner between collarbone and shoulder. Skin and a fist full of flesh had been torn off her little frame. With teeth.



It was angry and swollen, patched red and yellow, and slick with a wet sheen of infection. And stretching over her skin like spider's legs were the black and purple-green veins that smelled of a corpse. The rot of a beast's mark.

Emotion seemed to rise up in Lewis like the crest of a wave; splashing into his mouth with words of anger and hate and shame. But he found nothing to say. So he silently poured the holy water on the handkerchief with trembling hands.

He folded the cotton fabric until the wolf embroidered in the corner was no longer visible and offered it to her.

She didn't take it at first. There was something about the way she looked at him while he took in her blood and flesh that made his insides shrink. All her edges seemed cut from hate, as if she blamed him.

But she took the handkerchief and eased the fabric over the swollen heart of the wound with a wince.

Alpha Lewis watched her for a moment, the black crawling back out of her wounds and spreading like ink on the fabric. Then he cleared his throat, "May I lay a hand on you, miss?"

She curled her feet further beneath her, slipping an alarmed glance at her grandmother.

"To bless you," Lewis explained, with a cringe. "A prayer. My role gives me some power, miss. My influence, of course, cannot reach back to undo what he did. But horrors like these have a long reach. A prayer might allow me to loosen the grip of these things for tomorrow, or the next day."

She was forcing her breathing to even out. Her scent was sharpened with fear and dampened with sweat. She reached her spare hand down and set it back on the pistol in the folds of her nightgown. But she inched a foot towards him.

Lewis took what he could get and gently laid a few fingers on her ankle. He was a large wolf, and could have wrapped those fingers around her leg twice over. He licked his lips and allowed some of the alpha to creep into his voice, "What power I have in me, due to my merit and my position, I now invoke to release this child — Lianne Finn — as much as possible from the actions of that beast William and any others that laid a hand on her."

She was shaking. He smelled her tears.

They tugged his voice up with emotion, "I speak against any infection that might try to kill this little body. I speak against any shame that might try to destroy this little heart. And I, I speak most firmly against any fear that might try to steal the life from this precious soul. Mother of all goodness, hear me. Father of all hope—"

Lewis' voice got lost somehow in his throat. What more could he say? Dear God, what more could one say?

The little girl wiped tears from her face with the hand holding the gun. She sniffed and swallowed. "...deliver me." She finished the prayer, her voice bent in exhaustion and pain.

"Amen." Lewis gave her ankle a little squeeze and pulled back.

"Amen," the women repeated behind him. The pup herself only nodded.

She peeled the handkerchief off her shoulder, now black and red, with flecks of yellow the water had teased out. She looked at it for a moment, then handed it back to Lewis.

Lewis hesitated before he took it. He stood, saddened, as the child closed the door again. He could still hear her sniffle, rearranging herself among the piles of linens and tablecloths on the floor of the closet.

He decided to leave the flask of holy water, balancing it on one of the storage shelves behind him. He didn't know what to do with the handkerchief she gave back to him.

Clearing his throat, he faced the grandmother, "I came, also, to formally promise that nothing like this will ever happen again."

He searched the front pocket of his jacket, then the inner pockets; he withdrew a letter on well-pressed white paper and sealed with the white wax of his pack. "This here states that no wolf can hold claim on Miss Lianne Finn ever again. She will live a normal life on this side without any interference from my wolves." He winced as he looked back at the closet. "No matter how strong her scent gets."

Frederica snatched the letter from him and tore it open. As she glanced over it, her lip curled. "That's it?" The woman waved the paper at him. "A contract? A mother-bleeding contract?!"

"Frederica, please." Mother Taimar's tone was disapproving.

Lewis didn't take his eyes off the grandmother as she challenged him with her look, her tone, her hate. Alpha drew himself to his whole height.

"We know what good your contracts do," she spat, stepping towards him. "Placatory remarks. Appeasement statements. You're all the same!" Old Mother put out a hand to soothe her, but the motion only made Frederica press her anger inside, deeper and deeper, until her voice was so tight it might as well have been a loaded gun. "All politics. No action. For that, my child will pay? Her whole life she'll pay? Raped and marked and—"

A gun shot sounded.

It was so sudden and loud and from the closet, Alpha's first thought, past checking his own vitals, was that the child had killed herself. They all seemed to have thought that and turned wide-eyed to the door, the moment nauseated with horror.

But a hole was splintered through the mesh. The smell of gunpowder was coupled with the smell of lavender oil. The bullet had shot to the shelves opposite and nicked a barrel of healing oil, which bled the thick stuff like a wound down the shelves.

From behind the mesh, came a voice. Clear now, and quiet. "He can leave now," the child said.

Lewis was the first to come to his senses. He bowed, first to the closet then to the women.

"Again, my deepest regrets." He then left, shrugging on his coat after they closed the door behind him.

The rain was still pouring and the smell of lavender on his skin did little to cover that of fish and the piss of the mud. Pulling his hat low over his face, Lewis walked back to the patchy, gummy wood of the dockside, under the watchful eye of the neighbourhood.

There. He stopped for minute. The sight of the angry black river churning up frothy mouths of white seemed to echo a feeling for him. Darkness, pouring so fast the eye couldn't keep track of it, and the memory of the smell of her rotting skin and the blood.

Lewis gently unfolded his fist, where the handkerchief was still warm on his skin, unfurling in his fingers like a rose; the rain bleeding the blackness from it over his hand. Lewis watched for a moment, then turned back to the river and threw the handkerchief in. It was swallowed whole in a moment, pulled under without so much as a break in the stream.

Lewis looked around, feeling guilty. Flicking up the collar of his coat, he went for a drink. Drowning didn't sound half bad.





_________

Hello! And welcome to my story.

Hello! And welcome to my story. Like if you liked it.

Comment if you didn't. Or if you did.

Feed the starving artists with a scrap of your time!

Like if you liked it.

Comment if you didn't. Or if you did.

Feed the starving artists with a scrap of your time! This chapter is dedicated to @keykey1121998, for always supporting of my stories.

You're a gem! xx

This chapter is dedicated to @keykey1121998, for always supporting of my stories.

You're a gem! xx





1. Petals and Paint - I


Her door was painted red, the shiny, sticky red of the old altars. There were so many layers of paint that the wood didn't feel solid when he knocked.





Ivan stepped back a respectful distance and waited.

The landing was well lit, with windows either side of the hall. Instead of brightening the old apartment building, the light seemed to dwell on its lesser points. The grime in the carpet, the cracks in the wall, the chips in the paint. At least the windows ventilated the worst of the tobacco smoke.

Ivan checked the numbers on the side of the door: 312. Sure enough. And he could hear a record scratching a garbled choral piece inside, so the lady was definitely home.

He knocked again, more insistently.

"For the love of heaven," a woman grumbled from within.

He heard the gramophone's needle scratch a sudden end to the choir, and then tired footsteps stumbling to the door.

Her scent grew stronger as she approached, pressing over the smell of smoke and paint. Ivan braced himself. The door swung open to a dim apartment and a woman in a yellow dress.

"What now?" she asked, her voice sour with a squint as she covered her eyes to the light on the landing. "Better be damned good. Naps don't come to me everyday."

Ivan blinked at her. All dark skin and floaty curls tied under a scarf. She was the stout sort of short, with curves that dipped in to the tie of her apron. And that scent: she smelled of flowers and soil and life.

He took a deep breath of her and stepped back. He'd been around unmated potentials before; the first breath was always the worst.

She finally lowered her hand to scowl at him. Big eyes, big lips, soft nose. Those eyes widened in surprise at his height, his build, his uniform.

"Oh, hell no," she said, her voice hardening. One hand landing on her hip, the other tightening over the edge of the door. "Oh, no, no, no. You need to go right back to wherever you came from. Right back."

"Miss Finn."

"Does your supervisor know you're here? Your, your alpha or whatever. Because you shouldn't be here."

"Miss Finn, I'm here about—"

"Was the last one not threat enough? I tased him so hard, he foamed at the mouth. And I have papers saying I can. So you best be off before I get my gun."

Ivan felt a thin wire of anger tighten his jaw. He hadn't been interrupted in years. "Those papers are why I am here, Miss. If you would just let me—"

She held up a hand, her brows high. "I am under no obligation to talk to you, sir. So if you would excuse—" She tried to shut the door, but Ivan sped a hand to that sticky paint, holding it in place.

"I need to talk to you, Miss Finn," his voice was lower than he'd have liked it.

Those pretty eyes looked up at him and flickered with a brief moment of fear.

Her look sharpened and her scent thickened in rage. "I won't have it," she said, her voice strained as she shoved her shoulder into the door. "No, I swear, I won't..." she grunted, pushing harder, "Damn. It's like pushing against—" she shoved her hip against the thick wood of the door, once, twice, "the very gates—" another shove, "of hell!" The door didn't so much as shimmy.

"I am not here to harm you, Miss," he coated his words in patience, "Not here to mark you or take you to be anyone's mate. I'm here to protect you. There's a foreign pack in town and they're sniffing around for potentials. They're known for just taking the women they want—"



The door swung open, the gust of it catching in her skirt. "Oh, and your lot don't do that do they?" she said, so loud he flinched.

Just then, a door down the hall creaked opened.

Miss Finn and Ivan turned to the interruption: a tall, greasy haired man across the hall. In undershirt and suspenders, he held a lathered toothbrush in hand and an expression of nosey boredom.

"Mr. Martinez," Miss Finn said, her smile sounding forced.

Mr. Martinez's eyes strayed over Ivan, a lone wolf-soldier standing in a run down apartment building on this side of the river. Ivan nodded his head in a brusque greeting, not removing his hand from Miss Finn's sticky door.

Martinez frowned. "I'm not helping you move no dead body again, Miss Lianne." A blob of frothed toothpaste slid from the toothbrush to the floor, landing in a splat to punctuate his sentiment. "Just about threw out my back last time. What with the stairs."

Ivan raised a brow and Miss Finn cringed.

"He wasn't dead. He was just unconscious," she clarified, throwing her neighbor a barbed look. "Tased. Like I said. And, Martinez, love, you won't have to help me none." Her eyes sharpened back on Ivan. "If this good wolf here would just leave me the hell alone!" She tried to shut the door again but Ivan put his foot in the jam. It slammed on his boot and he cringed.

Martinez seemed unfazed and leaned against his door to finish brushing his teeth. An audience. So much for discretion.

"Miss Finn." Ivan heard the fatigue in his own voice. He pulled a letter from his back pocket. "This is from Alpha himself. It permits my being here and explains its importance."

She pressed her lips together and stared at the offered letter, sealed with a beautiful howling wolf stamped deep in white wax on blue paper. Technically, Ivan had written it, but Alpha had taken the time to seal it, so officially it was Alpha's document.

Tempted, she reached out, but he flicked his wrist away. "Best to read it inside, Miss." He turned a pointed look at Mr Martinez, who had stopped brushing his teeth to hear more clearly. "As I said, we value your safety above all else."

She hesitated, her gaze as wary and close as a razor, looking him over once more. Her eyes narrowed at whatever she saw.

"You sure you can take coming in here?" she said, haughty. "Your kind get all weird about my stuff. The smell or whatever. And I'll have no wolf turning on me or no teeth going for my throat or—"

"I can come in, Miss Finn," Ivan said, making an effort to soften his voice. "I wouldn't have come otherwise."

"Hmph." She eased the door open. "Well, come in but don't sit down. You won't be staying long."

He was privately amused, but nodded seriously and brushed past her into the tight hallway. The movement left his body too close to hers: warm and right there and smelling like a day off work in the sun. He ducked past her and took a deep breath.

Damn.

The rest of the apartment smelled like her too, days of Miss Finn layering between the scents of her meals, her showers, her laundry. And flowers. Everything about the room smelled of big, heavy-petaled flowers.

Ivan blinked. The light in the apartment was a strange under-water green, the sun pressed through green curtains over the balcony door. He was in a living room. It opened to a kitchen on his right and branched to the left into a small bathroom and two bedrooms.

The blue-white of cheap lightbulbs buzzed on. "Don't get too comfortable now," Miss Finn warned.

She withdrew a small taser gun from a bowl of keys by the door. Ivan's brow rose slightly. The taser was ten years old, at the least. One of the electric tongs wasn't tucked into the muzzle as it should be, hanging limply from its wire.

"Don't you doubt this," Miss Finn said, still close to the door. She cranked the dial above the grip up and up until it wouldn't crank anymore. "I've taken down wolves bigger than you with this thing."

Ivan doubted it, but if it made her feel safe; he bowed his head to her.

"Hmm." She sounded suspicious of his submission. "Hand over your letter, then." She held out her hand, ready to fire the taser by her hip. Hoping she wouldn't shoot him by accident, he complied.

She took the folded paper and broke the seal. The light was still too dim to read; the folds of the letter pooled shadows over the ink. "Be a dear, sir, and open the curtains for us, will you?" she crooned the words; pleasant, but demeaning somehow.

He opened the curtains and scanned the street. This side of the river, everything was peeling paint and broken liquor bottles. In the cut of sky above the apartments, factories belched oily smoke, their streaks running like tear tracks over the cityscape. The autumn sun tangled in the pollution and made the sky look more green than the blue of his-side.

Ivan turned around and blinked to take in the apartment with new eyes. The sickly sky did little to dampen the brightness of Miss Finn's furnishings, the sun spreading like butter over glossy lilac walls, catching in the divots of a yellow painted floor. Her couch was blue, her chair pink, her counters and cabinets green.

And if the colours weren't enough, there were flowers everywhere; big ones with trumpet crowns bookending the couch, little frilly ones on the wall in the kitchen, sunny full-faced ones on the table by the counter. There were even bottles hung from the ceiling with wire and twine, filled with clusters of purple and green and white. The sun caught in the gold-brown glass and scattered spotty yellow rays over the room like a kiss for finish.

Ivan noticed Miss Finn watching him from the corner of her eye, head angled down to the letter. That gun was still pointed at his chest.

He pressed his feelings about her decor down deep and shifted on his feet to regain a sense of composure. She still watched him. "Colourful," he commented lightly. She didn't blink. "Beautiful flowers," he tried again.

Her brow quirked up. "My flatmate works for a your-side florist." She looked up at the nearest hanging bouquet. "And lucky for us, your-side women get all demanding about same-day picks."

Ivan nodded.

Miss Finn tapped the glass of a bottle, a smile tucked in her voice. "Beer bottles are mine though."

Of course they were.

She turned back to the letter.

If he breathed deep, he could smell the flatmate. It was alarming that Miss Finn's scent was so overpowering he missed something that important at first inspection. He did think the smell of flowers masked her somewhat. That wasn't an accident, surely.

"So this Pack of Cutting River is really a threat to me?" she said, after a moment, her grip crinkling the edge of the paper.

"I am afraid so, Miss. They are known for taking potentials even after they have a mate. Let alone someone..."

"Someone unattached like me. I get it." She glared at the letter, then tossed it on the couch. "You really should have opened with that. I might have been more hospitable."

"It's best not to flaunt connections to Alpha in this part of town."

She grit her teeth. "Well, do sit down, then."





_____

This scene was a bit too long for just one update. So read on!

This scene was a bit too long for just one update. So read on! And vote if you liked it! ;)

And vote if you liked it! ;)





2. Petals and Paint - II


She gestured to the pink armchair on his left.





Ivan delicately removed its white, flower embroidered pillow and lowered his long frame into the chair. His knees came up a little since the chair was so low and he, so tall. Settling in, he placed the flowery cushion on his lap.

Miss Finn clicked the safety on her gun and shoved the thing in her apron pocket.

"I will admit, sir, that I am a little frustrated with your pack at the moment," she said, sweetly tucking one ankle under the other as she folded her hands on the armrest. "I have done everything you recommended to keep your kind off of me. Since I was thirteen, mind you. Thirteen. My grandma didn't think you'd let me go, so she taught me a few things herself. Made sure I stayed clear away from you."

Her grandmother had been a potential as well, but that situation had turned out worse than Miss Finn's. Her mate and first pup had been killed by a jealous rival. Those days had been more brutal, but even then it had been unacceptable. Ivan had reread the files to prepare for this meeting. In compensation, the woman had been granted immunity from the pack for herself and two generations; no one anticipated another potential so soon in her bloodline.

But then came Miss Finn. Smelling sweeter than sunshine and more potent than all her flowers combined. Now that she was grown up, Ivan could tell she could be the sort of mate that could change a pack. Will must have sensed that somehow. Ivan folded his hands over the pillow and made sure to nod while she talked.

"I've stayed off your land, I've stuck to the city limits, I've avoided any area I know your kind frequent. Not once have I stepped back your side. Mr. Wolf, sir, I am twenty-seven. Old enough to make a good wife and mother. But I haven't had kids or gotten married without warning you, just like I promised. I can't stand by my door with a taser every waking minute of the day, so I've kept my head low. I have done my part, Mr. Wolf, sir."

"We are grateful for that, Miss. We know it can't be easy." Ivan's thumb was absentmindedly brushing over the blooms of lavender stitched onto the pillow. "And my name is Ivan."

She narrowed her eyes at him. "My whole life I've been paying for your mistake those fifteen years ago. And I am this close," she pinched her forefinger and thumb a hair apart, " this close, Mr. Ivan, wolf, sir, to saying: screw it. Screw Beltan, the ungrateful city. Screw my friends, my altar, and all the reasons I stay here." Her eyes met his, hard. "And screw you. Pack of the White Pined Woods. I'm done."

this Ivan took a moment to decide what to say. "That is a relatable sentiment, Miss Finn."

She waited for more from him. But he simply held her gaze, steady and letting his presence bleed a sense of calm into the room.

"I was expecting some sort of push back." She sounded miffed.

"I think you know, Miss Finn, that Beltan is the safest place for you. You have a deal with our pack. And we honour that."

Her lips twisted, sour.

He waited a moment before setting the flowered pillow aside so he could lean towards her, elbows on his awkwardly bent knees. "We are an exception among packs at the moment. We've had thirteen potentials born in the last decade, which means we can let you live your life without interference."

She scoffed.

"Other packs get as few as two mates every twenty-five years. And they still play by the old rules. Battle for the strongest, winner takes the mate. Some wolves try to cheat; a potential can be marked four or five times before the process is complete."

Miss Finn swallowed hard, something in her pulling away from him. He remembered, too late that she'd been the victim of a beast's mark herself, and his eyes strayed to her shoulder, where the scar would be. She lifted her chin defiantly, but he heard her heartbeat squirm.



"Alpha disapproves of this behaviour," he assured her with a cringe. "We decide before we meet a potential who deserves the honour of a mate and pups. No brutal fights to the death, no mark-her-get-her behaviours."

The proud sketch of her posture was reinfused with anger. Ivan was relieved.

"Accidents have happened in the past," he granted. "And believe me, Miss Finn, what happened to you all those years ago is by far the worst of our generation."

She nodded her head slowly and he gave her a moment. She raised her brow at the courtesy. "Go on."

"The Pack of Cutting River is one of these old-way packs. Aggressive, isolated, cruel. And they— well, some of our wolves are fine with mating with other wolves. No pups, obviously, but they get companionship and affection. There aren't enough potential mates to go around, so we make do. Cutting River, though. They want each pack member to have a mate—a proper mate, with breeding potential. It's a pack of seventy-nine warriors; forty-three of them have mates. They, they are known for taking their potentials in whatever way they can."

Miss Finn's lip curled, a show of disgust. But her fingers were fidgeting with the pocket of her apron.

"That's right. They have raided enemy packs and stolen every potential they can find, already mated or not. They have no scruples taking unclaimed potentials from other territories if they can find them."

"Meaning I don't have a chance." Miss Finn took her taser from her pocket and laid it on the coffee table.

"Without our pack's protection? No."

Miss Finn took a deep breath, shifting so she could sit up straight. When she let the breath back out, it was shaky.

The scent of her fear leaked into the air, souring the smell of flowers and sun and making him feel restless. And she didn't even know the worst of it. "Fortunately, we are not enemies with Cutting River. They are here to meet the royal family and run some trade negotiations with the pack. We can assume they will also be searching for any—"

"William is with Cutting River, isn't he?" she said, already sure. Her voice was carefully dull.

Ivan ran his eyes back over her. "He is," he said, too surprised to elaborate.

"I see."

Miss Finn stood suddenly, making Ivan stand in turn. Miss Finn didn't seem to notice. She slid open a white closet door on the wall to his right. "How exactly are you planning on protecting me then?" She took out a stool, hitched up her skirt and stood on it. Ivan braced to help her, but she grabbed an old shoe box from the top shelf and clambered back down.

"Cutting River runs in factions: a colony of alphas that splinter off into their own packs." Ivan heard himself explain. She sat back on the couch and set the shoe box beside her.

He eased back into his chair. "Will is one of those alphas, and while sources tell me he is already mated— Miss Finn, is that a were-pistol?"

Miss Finn looked up from the bulky handgun she'd removed from the shoebox and dropped it on her lap. It was at the least four times bigger than her taser. A shiny silver with an assortment of levers, dials and compartments, it looked way too heavy for her to be carrying around.

"It is." She pulled a large mason jar full of fat bullet cartridges from the box and sprinkled a few on her lap. "I've not used it on a wolf before, myself. But I've been assured it gets the job done."

He stared. "That's a Fur Splitter."

She smiled at him. "Right again, wolf."

"The police don't even have those. The pack banned them."



She loaded eight bullets into the butt of the gun. "I didn't react well the first time you kidnapped me. I got smarter and met a few dealers this side of the river. Grandma taught me to shoot and made sure I practised." She gave him a look. "You don't tell your pack I have one and I might just let you fire it one day."

He tore his eyes from the gun and recoiled slightly at the suggestion. "Those things were made illegal for a reason. They hurt like hell and can take a wolf out for years."

"Humans have to defend themselves somehow." She tested the gun's weight and sighted something through the bars of her balcony. Ivan flinched. She checked the safety and put it back in her lap. "Anyway, you were warning me about William."

"Yes," Ivan said, leaning back in his chair. He was more wary than before. "How did you know he was in Cutting River?"

She looked at him for a long moment, her eyes calculating. Then she shrugged. "Seemed like his thing. And this would be a whole lot of fuss over me for a pack visiting the queen. What sort of protection are you offering me?"

Ivan wondered if William had contacted her. But her demeanour refused questions. "Well, there are several options. The easiest, of course, is for you to join our pack. There are several great wolves who would be honoured to have you—"

"Not an option. I hate your kind and everything you stand for," she said, short, looking him straight in the eye. "I won't be marrying an animal. And I won't be sleeping with one neither, to tangle their smell in mine or something else vile, so don't even suggest it."

Ivan took a deep breath, got caught on her scent, then let it back out real slow. Damn. "I wouldn't dare, Miss."

"Next option."

"Would you come to pack grounds?"

"No. I swore never to cross that side of the river and I meant it."

He'd expected as much. "Then, a guard is your only option. And, while safe for you, it isn't necessarily safe for our wolves. A potential is a dangerous thing. You're around one too long and your world starts spinning on a different axis."

She watched him.

Ivan carefully picked up the embroidered pillow and placed it back in his lap. "So we'll divide the shifts in two. Gives wolves a moment to reset. Living here, not an option—but your neighbour across the hall has agreed to take a month of vacation in the countryside. Her apartment will be at our disposal."

Miss Finn arched a brow. "Mrs. Whimble?"

"I believe that's the name."

"Poor lady. Dragged into this," she said the words through her teeth, looking way from him.

"Miss?"

She just shook her head. "Do you have any idea how demeaning it is to have your whole life watched and hunted just because you were born with a particular scent, Mr Ivan, sir? So much so that it effects the very lives of your good-for-nothing neighbours?"

Ivan bowed his head. "I am not sure I can imagine, Miss."

"No. You can't." She looked at him, her hand lingering on her gun. "And are you really the alpha's second?"

Ivan nodded. "I am Beta to White Pine."

She wiped her hand over her face. "And are you mated then, Beta of White Pine?"

"No, Miss."

"Are you the wolf that's been assigned to me?"

"Yes, Miss." In a way.

Another sigh and she placed the Fur Splitter gun on the table next to her taser. "And why," those big, black eyes watched him, "would your alpha assign his beta to a little human you owe a debt to in the middle of such tense pack meetings?"

"A lot of reasons," he said.

"A lot of reasons," she repeated him, slowly.

Ivan unballed his fists and wiped his hands over his trousers. "Two reasons actually. First, I don't get along with members of Cutting River. It's best if I take backstage this time around. Secondly, I think it is high time the Pack pay more attention to her debts."

Miss Finn was shaking her head at him. "You know William. Don't you?"

Ivan gave himself a moment.

"You called him Will earlier," she said, by way of explanation, waving a hand at his confusion.

"I do know William," he admitted, watching her closely.

"So this is personal," she said.

"It is."

"You requested this." Her voice was accusing. "You want a chance to take him down. Away from the pack. Hell, hold it— am I bait?"

Ivan blinked. "No. You are not bait. Protecting you is our top priority. We will stick to our deal with you. Everything else is just spillover."

"Sure." She watched him from the corner of her eye. "You look familiar. The eyes and the slant of your jaw."

Ivan cringed. "I was there when we found you. Involved in the cleanup."

Her chin titled up. "And you know William, how?"

Ivan hesitated. His words were chosen carefully. "We trained together." Ivan leaned forward again. "What he did was unforgivable, and you bore the worst of it. But his actions shamed both me, my mentor, and my pack. If he comes for you again: I will make sure he pays for that."

And Ivan was sure he'd be coming.

She glanced at her gun and slowly relaxed her shoulders. "And when does this madness begin?"

"Two weeks from now. They have said they'll come in three, but we expect scouts a week early. I'll be moving into Mrs Wimble's apartment then, alongside two other pack wolves. We'll keep an eye on you from a distance while you're at work and guard across the hall at night."

She stood and Ivan followed suit. "Very well. But I am not happy about it."

Eying him, a whole head and a half taller than her, she took a step closer and Ivan almost tripped over the pink armchair. "Now if I die in the next month, I'm blaming you."

"That's understandable, Miss Finn."

"If I'm marked by the end of this, I'm blaming you." She took another step.

"I would expect nothing less."

"And if any other wolf gets within a yard of me or my house and I don't like it, I'm gonna hunt you down with my Fur Splitter and shove it up your ass. Do you hear?"

Ivan found himself smiling a little, "I hear you, Miss Finn."

"Good, Mr. Ivan. I'm glad we understand each other."

They stood there for a minute; her, just an arm's reach away. A breeze came through the open window and snaked about them. He breathed her in, deep, and noticed the way the orange sun curved in to make her skin glow a bronze-gold. Her long neck stretched up to watch him; her hair lifted off her shoulders like a cloud in the breeze.

Then she stepped aside. "Show yourself out then, Mr. Ivan. I'll see you in two weeks."

It took him a moment, but Ivan bowed his head and stepped around her and the couch, closing the red door behind him. He waited there until he heard the locks click into place. All five of them.





-----

You better believe Nosey Neighbour Martinez watched him leave, surprised the Miss didn't tase another wolf into oblivion.

You better believe Nosey Neighbour Martinez watched him leave, surprised the Miss didn't tase another wolf into oblivion. Vote if you liked it. :)

And comment! <3

Vote if you liked it. :)

And comment! <3





3. Whiskey and Motor Oil - I


Two weeks later, Ivan leaned against Miss Finn's building and waited for the woman to head to work.





"Hell's breath. This place reeks," Thomas said. He toed a bottle of forgotten whiskey on the steps and it tipped into the weeds between the pavement.

The smell of cheap liquor made Ivan wrinkle his nose. "And now you've gone and made it worse."

Thomas kicked the bottle into the gutter and joined Ivan against the wall. "The first leave of your career, and this is your destination of choice?"

"William is my destination of choice." Ivan put his hands in his pockets. "The whiskey's a perk."

"You know the whole pack thinks you're on leave for a woman." He glanced at the door. "Which you practically are."

"Mm," Ivan said. "Maybe I'm here to give you female exposure."

Thomas scoffed. "That is not part of probation. You don't need 'female exposure' to enter White Pine."

The front door opened and Miss Finn emerged, lifting her skirts to step over the threshold. Ivan pulled away from the wall. "Whatever you say, pup. I've smelled your sweat when Kate walks in the room."

"Kate, Delta of White Pine," Thomas said her title like it was a virus. "That she-wolf is no woman. She's a storm someone turned to steel and laced in a corset."

Ivan almost smiled. "Now, be polite to Miss Finn," he warned, tugging at his cuffs.

Thomas snorted. "What else would I be?"

"You're a big wolf, so you'll be frightening to her," Ivan said. "Just be gentle is all."

Miss Finn turned, pausing on the first step as she spotted them. "Ah," she said, with a curl of her lip. "So my guard dogs take up their positions this morning, eh?"

She looked different today: her hair gelled into a crisp coil and her laces tied tight to fit those wide curves into the black dress. No frills, no lace; just a tidy row of buttons up her neck and some stiff panelling in the front.

She descended the last three stairs, wrapping a thinly plaited pink shawl around her shoulders.

Thomas tensed as her smell threaded over the spilled whiskey. Ivan kept his stance calm for the pup's sake, but breathing her in still came with a shock, like being jolted awake from some half-sleep.

"Holy hell," Thomas muttered and turned downwind for some respite. "That's strong."

Her scent burrowed under Ivan's skin and wrapped between his ribs like a net. "Good morning, Miss." He dipped in a bow.

She crossed her arms under her breasts, arching a brow at Thomas' back. "He's massive," was all she said, as if blaming Ivan for it.

Thomas, bless the pup, really was. He loomed over Ivan with a back so broad and hands so thick, he still managed to look square.

"Miss Finn." Ivan stepped to the side. "Allow me to introduce Thomas, a wolf under my charge."

Thomas readied himself with a deep breath and turned for a bow.

Miss Finn watched the pup rise, her eyes honing in on the black strap of a collar around his neck. Damn if she wasn't observant.

"What's there on your throat, then?" she asked him, in that same accusing tone.

Thomas only just caught himself before he bared his teeth. "Pleased to meet you too, Miss."

"It's a shock collar, isn't it?" She leaned forward, her eyes narrowing at the prongs pressing into the pup's neck. "I've heard of those." She turned her frown on Ivan. "They're for wolf criminals."

"Miss, I'd hardly bring him here if he was a danger to you," Ivan said, soothingly.

"And, to be frank, Miss," Thomas softened his tone with a second bow. "It is none of your business."

Miss Finn looked like she'd argue that point, but bit her words back. She turned to Ivan. "Well, he'll stand out," she said. "They'll talk about the muscle—hell, the overall build of him. It's attention we don't need."

"Believe me, Miss," Thomas said, "it'll be your scent, not my build, that first tips off the beast."

Ivan cringed and Miss Finn gave Thomas a look that harked back to his description of Kate: a storm made steel. "Thomas, love. William is hardly the sole concern of my life."

Ivan smelt the first glint of sweat off Thomas and heard the pup's heart clench. She was worse than Kate; she used endearments.

From down the road, the percussion of an old engine began to rattle the bars on the street's windows. Miss Finn sighed, tightening her shawl about her. "That'll be the tram." She considered the two wolves standing before her, then stepped over the puddle of whiskey to make her way to the tram stop. "We're going to Riverway before work. I want a new contract in place to cover the- the grey areas of the old one."

Ivan was surprised. "If you think it's necessary."

"I do. And while the gossips of Beltan's lesser half might seem trivial to brave wolf soldiers like you," she gave Thomas a meaningful look over her shoulder, "I can assure you they won't think so trivially of you. Or of me. And especially of me, with you."

Thomas cringed at the sound of breaks peeling the tracks. "I am sure my reputation can weather it."

"You're a wolf." Miss Finn laughed, feeding a punchcard to the stooped machine under the stop's awning. "Your reputation here marks you as a beast. At best, they'll dismiss you as an addict here for a fix."

Thomas bristled, indignant. He looked to Ivan for support.

Ivan shrugged. "She's right."

She tucked the card in her pocket and flagged down the incoming tram—a small, green thing covered in a pall of oily exhaust. The tram's horn blared a greeting and both wolves winced.

Miss Finn enjoyed their reactions. "In the end though, I don't give a damn about your reputation. There are things I don't want dragged up, is all."

The tram eased into the stop and waited for their boarding, trembling with the coughs and wheezes of the engine.

"We'll be fine if you keep your head low and..." She licked her lips, nervous for a moment. "Don't mind what you hear."

In a rustle of petticoat and the loud creak of a handrail, she boarded.

__________________

Vote and Comment if you liked it! <3

Vote and Comment if you liked it! <3





4. Whiskey and Motor Oil - II


The tram was a cramped, unsturdy vehicle. It almost swayed off its tracks as Thomas boarded. For all his muscle, the pup was self-conscious of his size, so the looks and whispers did little to soothe his temper as he hunched under the overhead railing.

Ivan, for one, was grateful to have all of Thomas' mass behind him. The crowded standing arrangements left Miss Finn pressed close, her scent tangled and skittish with nerves. While he never thought he'd say it, Thomas' reek of testosterone and sweat was a welcome distraction.

"Where to?" shouted a cranky, female voice from the front.

"Riverway altar!" Miss Finn called, raising her head to match the woman for volume.

Miss Finn was too short for the ceiling's rail, so she grabbed a fistful of Ivan's waistcoat to steady herself as the tram scuttled off. She let go as soon as she could, shuffling her feet for balance.

"Sorry," she muttered, even as the heat of contact seeped through his clothes and over his abdomen.

"You're fine," Ivan said, only a twinge stiff, and looked away.

Whatever glass had paned the tram's windows and doors before was long gone, allowing wind and exhaust and grease to fill the roof cabin. Ivan cleared his lungs with a deep breath; the engine smelled even better than Thomas.

"Morning, Lady," said a middle-aged man with gelled salt-and-pepper curls. He leaned against one of the tram's wall, his elbow out the window and the wind snapping at the corners of the newspaper he held.

"Morning, Abram," Miss Finn said tiredly. She manoeuvred over to his side and leaned against the strip of the wall by the door. The hem of her skirt flapped out the opening.

Abram was looking at Thomas, adjusting his spectacles to see the wolf's full height.

Miss Finn cringed. "Don't ask."

And, surprisingly enough, he didn't. Neither did anyone else, for that matter. But the gossip began on queue.

"Wolves. I swear. Royal Pack by that tattoo—" said a woman from the back.

"That far one's as big as a bear —"

"Must be Royal. The queen wouldn't let no tramps roam about our city."

Outside, streets passed by in ribbons of colour. Like a needle pleating through the mess of fabric that was this side of Beltan, the tram car zipped around, between and even through buildings at an alarming speed.

"Not that the queen ever gave a damn about our side of the river."

"Hell's truth, that."

"And what they doing with Miss Lianne?"

The tram slipped into an alley, the roar of the engine and wheels thrown against the tight walls and crashing back on them from above. It added a sense of weight to the question.

"The Finns have always been meddling with wolves."

"You don't say."

"I thought it was just that ordeal with the beast. And the, the marking—you know," the last word was breathed like a pronunciation of death.

Miss Finn kept her eyes stoically out the window, arms crossed over her shawl as the fringe tangled in the wind.

"Marked for the devil, she is."

"Devil's bride."

An older woman crossed herself. "Do watch your tongue, child." The rest of the passengers mirrored her, rushing a hand from head to chest, shoulder to shoulder. Even Miss Finn copied the movement, if reluctantly.



They swerved out of the alley to run alongside the river. There was a glimpse of his side through the docks. It glinted like a crown above the grey water, sparkling with tiles and stained-glass. Ivan was startled to see it; like catching a glance of himself in the mirror when he least expected it.

"She's not wed to the devil," the old lady corrected. "Just cursed, is all. If the demons were hers, do you think the House of Altars would let her go around with those miracles?"

Miss Finn turned then, her eyes going right to Ivan's, evaluating his interest in the conversation. Her chin tilted up a fraction, as if to warn him: you aren't hearing a thing.

"Her healings hardly make up for what we pay when she upsets a demon," someone else said.

Ivan frowned and Miss Finn's eyes caught the movement. Her jaw set.

"Amen to that," a passenger agreed. Miss Finn leaned around Thomas to catch the offender.

"What would you have me do?" she asked him, loud enough to be heard over the engine. "Let the devil in my bed?"

"No, no, Lady."

"You don't make deals with demons," Miss Finn told him with certainty. "They're cruel and they love to negotiate, but they always take. They wouldn't compromise with me if I did give them my soul."

"Of course, Lady." They made it sound like a title.

She sighed, and rubbed a headache in her temples. "Look. Let's keep talk of my demons and curses to ourselves until the wolves get off, shall we?"

She forgot to include the miracles and healings. But Ivan wasn't about to correct her. He felt the prickle of twenty stares on his back as the tram remembered their guests.

Abram adjusted his paper. "Might be best if the Lady of the Lost is consigned to legend while there are wolves in our midst."

"Lady of the Lost?" Thomas said. "Who's that?"

Privately, Ivan grimaced. He'd have a word with the pup about quiet observance later.

Thomas seemed to realise something was off when the stares began to look like threats.

"You aren't taking the Lady from us, now," said one: a short, brawny construction worker. He tapped out his pipe on the side of the tram, his look dark in the shadow of his cap.

Thomas adjusted his weight, nervous on his feet. "Uh, I..."

"No one's taking me anywhere," Miss Finn said, giving Thomas a look. She adjusted her shawl and turned back to the window. "As long as we don't give them a reason to," she said to herself, or maybe to Abram, who grunted. But Ivan heard it over the engine and the wind.

He gripped the railing more firmly as the tram turned and everyone leaned into each other. The silence crackled; the eyes watched them, wary.

Ivan wasn't one to put much stalk in demons. He was sure they were out there, but how much sway they had over day to day life was questionable. But he did put stalk in fear and reverence. And he heard both in their voices as they addressed Miss Finn, in the way they said 'Lady.'

"Well." Miss Finn's shoulders were tense, and her voice even tighter. "Someone talk about something else, then."

No one said anything, but some of the eyes fell off the wolves' backs.

Then, a hesitant voice from front, "I, uh. I heard there was a sale in Fisher's Net. Fruits and the like." And conversation puttered and creaked back into an uneasy rhythm.

"Heaven and hell," Thomas muttered, leaning down this time, so only Ivan could hear. "Demons and curses and miracles? It's like a this-side opera."



Ivan agreed, adjusting his hold on the hand rail.

Conversation didn't improve until the tram arrived at a stop and reshuffled its occupants. They were lucky: only one woman boarded and she was chatty.

"Where to?" shouted the driver.

"Sailor's Belt!" the young woman, ginger and in grease-stained overalls shouted back. She rolled up pink cotton sleeves to reveal arms coated in blue tattoos and freckles. "The neighbourhood's grimier than the devil's ass but a job's a—" She looked up then, and found her eyes level with the second button of Thomas' waistcoat. "Holy hell." She raised her head up, slow, until she looked the big wolf right in the eye.

"What in damnation are you?" she asked, horrified.

One of the passengers giggled, but caught themselves, and the tram returned to its somber hush.

The woman's eyes caught on Ivan and she laughed, the sound startlingly out of place. "Hell and all her demons. There's two of you?"

Everyone looked to Miss Finn for guidance. She smiled. "Good morning, Jess."

"Lady." Jess didn't take her eyes off the wolves. "Are these creatures why it's so quiet in here?"

Ivan felt the tension gain some slack, people relaxing with a timid smile.

"They're wolves, Jess," someone supplied from the back.

"Well, I can see that." Her eyes trailed up Ivan's length with dramatised slowness. When her eyes reached his face, she smiled and leaned against the doorframe. "No human looks that good."

Ivan was so taken aback, he laughed. The rest of the tram did too, if a little wary.

Miss Jess grinned and turned to Miss Finn. "These yours, Lady?"

Miss Finn was smiling, but her eyes were still careful. "Just call me Lianne around them, please."

Jess put a hand to her heart. "A lady's a lady, Lady. My mother would beat me bloody if I called you anything else. Isn't that right, Abram?"

Abram didn't look up from his newspaper.

"So, Lady—" At Miss Finn's look, she rolled her eyes. " Lianne , are you paying for these fine men's services?" A few people chuckled and Miss Jess threaded her thumbs through the straps over her overalls. "And how do I get me an hour?"

Lianne It was a poor joke, but everyone laughed, relieved to be back in a familiar conversation. The sun came in bursts through the gaps in the buildings, flickering little rainbows in the exhaust of the cabin.

"Was that supposed to be funny?" Thomas growled behind him, his commentary too low for human ears.

Miss Finn was laughing anyway. She caught Thomas' expression and raised her brow at him. "Nah, they asked for me. Said they wanted an education in this-side ways. Practically begged me for it. So I'm taking 'em to the Riverway."

Passengers grinned. Even Ivan could see where this was going.

Jess leaned against the doorjamb and looked up at Thomas, her smile predatory. "Oh, hon. I can give you an education this-side. In Riverway, they charge."

Everyone laughed again, which burned Thomas so red Ivan could feel the increase in his body's temperature from the distance between them.

"Little Jess," leaned in a man from the front. "Ready for a bedding wherever you find her!"

Jess laughed with everyone else.

"Got it from her mother!" yelled the first man's neighbour.

"Hey," Miss Finn called, "Play nice."



Jess rolled her eyes, and turned on Thomas. "So, then. All wolves get as big as you, sir?"

It took Thomas a moment to realise she expected an answer. "Uh. No." The tram turned and he hit his head on the railing. "Just those of my breed," he said, covering embarrassment with a glare.

"Hell." Miss Jess crossed her arms. "You hear that, Abram? They breed them now."

"Go easy, Jess," Miss Finn warned, brushing an almost apologetic look to Ivan.

"It's how we're born. The breed of our parents." Thomas' voice turned snide. "Did you choose to be a ginger?"

Miss Jess' smile tightened to a mere baring of teeth. "And what breed do you call yourself, then?"

"I'm a brawler."

"Hm. Suits the size at the least. And you?" She turned on Ivan. "What breed are you? Oh, yes, I see you. So silent and careful. If it weren't for your shoes being all shiny, you might have blended right into this-side without my noticing."

Ivan smiled, amused. "I'm an influencer, Miss."

That seemed to give Jess a moment of pause.

Ivan was rarely what people expected for his breed. William; now, he was more like it, if he had turned out right anyway.

Jess recovered. "Now that sounds interesting." She gave Thomas a goading look.

that Ivan elbowed the wolf to keep him from growling. "Less interesting than you'd think, Miss. I'm just good at knowing people's feelings." Among other things. "My name is Ivan, Miss, and I'm at your service. If you can overlook the shined shoes." He bowed to her, one hand still on the overhead rail.

Miss Jess laughed. "Heaven and hell — mannered and all." She pulled out the edges of her denim overalls and curtsied. "Jesslyn Miles, best mechanic this side and half-sister to Betsy, the Lady's flatmate. So I practically live there, eh, Lady?"

Miss Finn smiled. "Beautiful introduction."

"And, you, big one?" Miss Jess leaned out the tram some, splashing water from a leaking pipe into her hand and rubbing at the grime over her knuckles. "You have a name?"

"Thomas," the pup grumbled.

Miss Jess made a face. "Thomas? Really?"

"You have a problem with that?"

She wiped her hands down her overalls. "You, just don't look like a Thomas. Too... exotic looking."

"What is that supposed to mean?"

She shrugged. "Copper skin. Strong nose. Hell—that black hair as smooth as water. Hey, Abram, what's he look like?"

The newspaper folded down and Thomas was re-inspected by the entire tram. The wolf shifted his feet, blushing all over again.

"He looks like the queen herself," Abram said, and flicked the newspaper back up.

"Ah, that's it. If you ignore the massiveness of him. So, see, Tom just doesn't fit."

"It's Thomas," the wolf said his name like a snarl.

"Sure it is. You related to the queen, then?"

"No." Thomas gave Ivan an affronted look. "What sort of question is that?"

Miss Jess shrugged. "You've shiny shoes and shiny buttons."

and Ivan laughed as Thomas pulled at the embroidered hem of his vest for inspection. "Just because I have a sense of style. Or, or hygiene!" Thomas said. "That water you just washed your hands with smells like—"

"Lay off her, Thomas," Miss Finn said, lightly. "Riverway's coming right up. We'll be off soon."

"Ah, to the altar. Introducing him to the ladies, are we?" Miss Jess shook her head at Miss Finn. "Careful they might rip him out from under you."

Miss Finn's look turned dry, as she checked her pockets for arrival. "I don't know what you're talking about."

Miss Jess laughed and swung on the doorframe to be closer to her. "Of course you do. I know your type."

"Jess, honestly." The breaks began to shriek against the tracks.

Jess leaned in further. "Skin as white as marble, hair darker than ink, sharply cut eyes."

"You're toeing the line, Jess." Miss Finn looked up at Ivan, caught his arched-brow and then looked away again in a rush.

Jess laughed. "You like them as different from you as you can have 'em. To compliment your dark, big-eyed look." The tram finally stopped. "And hey, can anyone on this tram blame you? Just look at the jawline on that wolf!"

Miss Finn rolled her eyes. "Come along, then Ivan. Thomas. Before you throw our Jess into heat." She swung off the tram.

Thomas dismounted second, the tram rocking on the tracks for his weight.

Ivan paused to bow to Miss Jess. "I appreciate the assessment, Miss."

She flushed, her skin going red in the neck. "Yes, well."

"Don't encourage her," Abram said wryly from over his newspaper.

"Get off or stay on!" bellowed the driver, and that horrible goose horn was blown from the front.

Ivan dismounted onto the packed dirt of Riverway. Thomas stood next to him as they watched the tram peel back into motion.

Ivan matched Jess' wave goodbye.

"You 'appreciate the assessment'?" Thomas said, after a moment, his voice disdainful.

Ivan grinned, breathing in the sour fish and waste of Riverway. "People don't generally tease me," he said, scuffing some of the road's dirt on his shoes. "Beta of the White Pined Woods."

Thomas frowned. "I don't think she was teasing, Beta."

"Keep up!" Miss Finn called behind her shoulder, annoyed. And the two wolves rushed to follow.





_________________________

Vote if you liked it! Every little star just makes my day.

Vote if you liked it! Every little star just makes my day. Next update on Friday! <3

Next update on Friday! <3





5. Lavender and Wax - I


Miss Finn stuck to the alleys of Riverway—perhaps to keep their conspicuously large Thomas away from prying eyes. Thomas, for his part, was making very little effort to blend in; his face was twisted in something between disgust and disbelief, and he kept a handkerchief pressed firmly to his nose.

Not that Ivan blamed him much for the latter. The streets were so thin and the walls so bloated with age, the reek of waste was trapped in the steam off the river, like water misting under a closed watch face. The smells layered on the roof of his mouth until all he could taste were sour days of drink and bile.

"You know, Miss," Thomas said, angling his shoulders to fit between the buildings. "I wouldn't have said your area was... well, posh, before. But this place here puts a lot into perspective."

Miss Finn had stopped at the end of the alley. The light came in that direction, silhouetting her shoulders and high-collared neck amidst the foul-smelling fog.

"I mean," Thomas continued, kicking a mouldy poster to the side. "I'm pretty sure the devil himself wouldn't— oh, hell. Look at that. Is that a corpse?"

"Thomas," Ivan's voice was tired. He saw the line of Miss Finn's shoulders crease with tension. "Be polite."

"It is a corpse," Thomas confirmed. "You both just stepped over a corpse. No second thought about it. I mean, what sort of place—"

Miss Finn turned, her skirts brushing the alley's blistered paint and stirring the fog in a way that had her scent reaching back towards them. Thomas cut himself off; Miss Finn, in this squalor, smelled like a lifeline, like the only air they should be breathing.

"Thomas, love," she began, doubling back in slow strides. The sun filtered through smog as if through coffee paper: blurring her face, but sketching in gold the line of her jaw and curve of her lips. "Let's try to keep your tourism notes a little more private, eh?" she suggested, through her teeth.

Thomas swallowed. His handkerchief fluttered with his nod.

"Where's your corpse, then?" She stopped where he had been pointing and considered the body under the fog, curled against the wall with a bottle in hand.

Miss Finn sighed and gave the body good kick. "Hey, Greg," she called, loud enough to startle Thomas. She kicked the man again, "Greg Nancy. You in there?"

The corpse groaned and swatted at her ankle.

"Not a corpse, then." Miss Finn gave Thomas a smile sweeter than her scent. "Sorry to disappoint, love." The smile faded into a mere baring of teeth and she turned back around. Ivan stepped against his wall to let her through.

Thomas gave his beta a look behind her back, seeking solidarity.

Ivan reached up and eased the handkerchief away from the pup's nose. "The Miss is right," he said, and tucked the handkerchief into the wolf's breast pocket. "Real people live here. Like..." Ivan looked down at the body between them. "Like Greg Nancy, here. So watch how you go."

He left Thomas to navigate his feelings about the corpse on his own, and followed Miss Finn out the alley and across the street to the chipped red paint of her altar's door.

While it was small and smelled of mildew and candle wax, the altar was pleasant in comparison to the alley: a little haven in the sewage.

Strips of the morning came through three windows, curving light around solitary kneelers. Two candles flickered like watchmen on either end of the altar. And behind that holy table, a mosaic of a woman and child spread welcoming arms in faded colours. The mosaic moulted in flecks of tile, but Ivan found the look in the woman's eye rather comforting.

A young priest swept the dais and an old woman sat in a chair to the left. She was so stooped in shawls and blankets that the first thing one noticed about her was her eyes, a blotted white.

Miss Finn kissed the woman's cheek. "Morning, Old Mother."

"Lianne?" The woman perked up and sat a degree straighter. "This early? Why? The dreams plaguing you again?"

"No, no, Mother. Nothing like that." She turned back to the wolves, as if loathe to introduce them. "Allow me to present my... my guests. Ivan, Thomas. This is Old Mother Taimar and our priest, Father Aaron. Aaron, Mother; these wolves will be with me the next two weeks."

Old Mother Taimar's brows rose so high they got lost in her wrinkles. "Wolves, then? It's been a while." She reached a hand down the aisle. "Last time I had a wolf in here, I got a bullet through my finest jar of healing oil."

Miss Finn softened enough to laugh, brushing the old woman's hair from her brow. "I'm armed, love. But don't plan on shooting anything this time." She looked over at Ivan and frowned. "Well? Give the Mother your hand."

Ivan stepped forward and slipped his hand into Mother Taimar's long fingers. Her skin was soft and spongy. She smelled of incense and lavender.

"Kneel here for me, son," Old Mother said, tugging on Ivan's hand.

Ivan obeyed. "It's an honour to meet such a formidable woman of the House of Altars."

Her soft fingers found his neck and slowly traced the plane of his cheek, his nose, his lips. "A good face."

"So Jesslyn told all of South Riverway this morning." Miss Finn had turned to the altar and dipped her knee in a brief genuflection while she spoke.

The Mother laughed, the sound crinkled and tearing like old paper. "Not the sort of good I meant." She reached her other hand to pull at Father Aaron's robes. "What you think, son?"

Father Aaron studied Ivan, setting his broom aside. Aaron was young for a priest, and while his bearing was kind, his eyes were sharp and watchful; a shepherd staring down a wolf.

"I don't feel anything off about him." Father Aaron said presently. He leaned in Miss Finn's direction. "You see anything on him?"

Miss Finn gave Ivan yet another a critical look down. As her lips pursed and the priest waited, that same chill of haunted reverence dripped like water down Ivan's back. They were talking about demons again.

"No," Miss Finn said, averting her gaze. "He looks clean to me."

Old Mother Taimar brushed her hand back over Ivan's eyes, the scent of lavender folding over the smell of soap and age. "You still sound unsettled, Lianne, dear."

Miss Finn shook her head. "He's just a wolf is all. And I hate wolves."

"Hate never gave anyone a moment of peace," Old Mother said, the cadence familiar on her lips like a hymn.

Ivan felt Miss Finn's eyes come back to him. "You'd be surprised."

"Don't lie." Mother Taimar grabbed Miss Finn's hand and tugged it toward Ivan.

Miss Finn recoiled. "I'm not touching him," she said fiercely.

"What a tone," Mother scolded, but let Miss Finn pull away.

"You know how they get." Miss Finn rubbed her hands as if to rid herself of their almost-contact. "What with my scent."

"Hm," Old Mother said. She leaned back in her chair slowly. "Why you here, then? Confession?"

"No. Though I'll need it tonight. Dreams'll be...." She shook her head, lowering herself to sit on the dais steps. "I'm here for a contract. I want one in place before work."

"A contract? Well, get the paper, Aaron."





_____

A/N:

A/N: The scene carries on! Just had to cut it in two for length.

The scene carries on! Just had to cut it in two for length. A line cut from Thomas that was too good to waste.

A line cut from Thomas that was too good to waste. In alley scene:

T, steps on something foreign: What was hell is that?

Iv: Thomas...

T: No, I'm dead serious-- I mean, he's dead serious-- I mean, it's a corpse! 0.0





Ah, that poor pup.

Ah, that poor pup. Dedicated to @fjustbooksf for the votes and book recommendations! :D

Dedicated to @fjustbooksf for the votes and book recommendations! :D Vote and Comment! <3

Vote and Comment! <3





6. Lavender and Wax - II


Father Aaron went to the small storage room to the right of the altar. While he was gone, a slat in the wall clicked open. Both Thomas and Ivan startled at the sound.

A pair of purple-painted eyes took them in from a hole in the plaster of the brothel. "My," said a voice, female, but deep from smoke and a long night. The kohl rimmed eyes travelled down Thomas, then Ivan. "Finest piece of meat I've seen this-side in a long while."

"Margaret?" Old Mother's head turned to the wall, "that you?"

"Yes, Mother. Just off my shift."

Father Aaron came back in the room, carrying paper, ink and a pen. "Confession'll have to wait, Mags," he said, spreading his writing materials on the seat of a pew.

With Mother Taimar's attention diverted, Ivan stood and brushed the dust off his trousers. He felt the woman in the wall watching him, those tired eyes waking up with a slow smile.

"I see how it is, Father," the woman said, in a playful whine. "Been wondering what's had business so low, I have. Should've guessed you were snatching up the good sort before they could make it to our beds."

Aaron was struggling to unscrew the ink pot. "If you're here for confession, Mags," the priest's tone was light, "means business was just fine last night."

Margaret laughed. "Hell's truth, that."

Ivan offered a hand to the priest. "Allow me."

Father Aaron relinquished the ink pot and Ivan had it open with one turn.

"Thanks." The priest set it out carefully by the paper, and spread his green and white robes to sit crosslegged before the pew. "I'll come by later, Maggie. Lianne's got to get to work."

"The Lady?" The eyes in the wall searched, "Hell, Lady, what you doing here this early?"

"A contract."

"My, how official." Margaret turned away from the opening. "Hey, Mary! Come see this!"

There was the sound of a muffled conversation, but then another slat opened in the wall. Now that Ivan looked, there were several slots lining the brothel side of the altar; it was the oddest confessional he had ever seen.

"Hell and all her demons," exclaimed the new woman; younger, with gold-painted eyes on dark skin. "Who's the big one?"

"Aaron's not saying." Margaret informed her.

Ivan executed a respectful bow, if just to give Thomas a point of reference. "Madam," he said. "Allow me to introduce Thomas."

Purple and gold eyes widened at him. "My," said Margaret, a little breathless. "Such a gentleman."

Mary giggled. A third slat opened by the door to two sets of eyes, each in a different shade of pink.

"What's your name, then, hon?" asked Margaret.

"Ivan." Ivan bowed a second time. "At your service."

"Oh!" said one of the pink new comers. She sounded young, maybe in her teens. "Look at that tattoo— Michael!" She turned back inside. "Michael Hampton! It's a wolf, I swear!"

The fourth and final slat opened, so close to the altar that the pair of blue-eyes with blue-paint had to angle themselves sideways to see. "It is a wolf!" The voice was male this time, a rich sort of tenor.

is The blue eyes turned to Father Aaron, who was carefully penning the letters C-O-N-T-R at the top of the page. The letters were slow-going and slanted. Ivan watched the priest nervously lick his lips to finish the second leg of the R.



"Aaron, Father. You know my thing for wolves and yet you've kept them all for yourself!"

"Mike," Father Aaron's tone was flat. "I'm writing here."

"Heavens, then. Make way!" Mary said, with fanfare. "Father Aaron's a'writing. One of us—with a pen in hand!"

"The sort with ink anyway," snorted one of the two girls in the far corner.

"Please." Miss Finn scolded. "We have guests."

"That's right," said Margaret sharply. "Have a sense of decency."

The laughter died out.

"Sorry, Lady," Michael said, still amused but with tones of respect in his address.

"Wait a minute—" Margaret said, pressing her forehead to the wall again. "Wolves with the lady: you's aren't here about that incident all those years ago, are you?"

The mood changed as quick as it had on the tram.

"Foul business, that," one of the pink girls muttered in the far corner and she shut their slat.

"'Cause that didn't sit right with us," Margaret was saying, her deep voice dipping lower. "Nothing makes us more angry than a kid taken like that."

Michael closed his slat too.

Old Mother Taimar seemed oblivious to the tension. "They are here about that, yes."

Mary's gold eyes wandered down Miss Finn. "You alright then, little lady?" she asked.

"Fine," Miss Finn huffed. "Honestly. Give me a little credit."

Margaret was shaking her head. "They're not taking you from us, are they, Lady? You're the closest thing to a grace we've got this side. My niece is having her baby soon and I's was hoping you'd—"

"They aren't here to take me anywhere, dammit." Miss Finn cast the wolves a furtive look. "I'll be here for the birth."

Margaret eased away from her slat. "If you say so, Lady."

Mary narrowed her eyes at the wolves, especially Ivan. How she knew Ivan was the bigger threat than all seven feet of Thomas was surprising; he supposed intuition of those things came fast in her profession. "You deal with demons, then?" she asked, her voice a challenge.

"He doesn't," Miss Finn answered sharply. "But I do. And can handle them on my own. How is the contract coming, Father?"

"Done!" Father Aaron beamed at the drooping title on the page.

"Good. Now, write this. No touching me. No forcing himself into my space. And no questions I don't want—"

"Hold up, Lady," Aaron laughed. "Writing takes some time."

"I can write it," Thomas volunteered. "It would be faster, anyway."

Ivan cringed as the room quieted for the second time. For all the education the wolves had on their side of the river, they seemed oblivious when it came to managing that privilege.

Thomas shuffled his big feet, realising he'd said something off again.

Father Aaron leaned back and laughed, embarrassed. "I do take a little while, don't I?"

"You are doing just fine, Father Aaron," Ivan said soothingly. "We're grateful for your time."

"I meant no offence," Thomas added, helplessly. He'd hunched his shoulders in that brawler instinct: as if he could squish all his mass small enough to be overlooked.



Father Aaron smiled at the big wolf, scratching behind his ear. "No, no. I should practise in my own time." He stood. "Sit then, and write it so our Miss can get to work."

Thomas looked to Ivan for guidance, and Ivan nodded to the floor.

Thomas worried his lip, but lowered himself in Father Aaron's place. He dipped the pen in ink and cleared his throat, "'No touching', was it, Miss?"

Miss Finn moved to watch over his shoulder. "Yes. Then, no questions I don't want."

"Mmhmm."

If anything, the pup did have good penmanship, his hand quick and looping.

"No intruding when you're not wanted. You're here for William and unless he's here in the flesh you're to keep to yourselves." Miss Finn crossed her arms. "And hands off all my people this-side."

"Woah, woah, Lady!" Margaret piped up from her slat. "That's not fair on my end. Add a clause, why don't you? For money," she dictated, "your hands are acceptable."

"Hell, no." Miss Finn leaned back over Thomas' shoulder. "Don't write that."

Margaret laughed, but the low-sound tripped over a cough, and then another. She cleared her throat. "Hell. Need me my brew." Lowering her handkerchief, her purple eyes sought out Ivan. "We'll leave you to it, then. Yes, Mary—you too. Who's gonna make my brew? Ivan, Wolf: it was a pleasure, sir."

Ivan bowed. "Likewise, Madam Margaret."

Thomas, too, bowed his head. "Madam Margaret, Madam Mary, Mister Michael."

Slats closed one by one and the altar shrunk back to its original proportions.

"Anything else to add, Miss?" Thomas asked, the pen impatiently hovering over the paper.

"Yes, in fact," Miss Finn answered with equal impatience. She looked Ivan dead in the eye and crossed her arms, leaning into her hip for added effect. "No matter what you see around me, no matter what you hear: you cannot take me back your-side. I refuse to go anywhere I don't want to go."

Ivan blinked. "That's an odd request."

"I'm making it all the same."

Thomas hesitated. "Beta?"

Ivan took a moment to study the steel in Miss Finn's eyes. Under it, he found a heart-pounding dread for the next few weeks. That much, Ivan had expected. But he was beginning to wonder if it had less to do with William than he first thought. She seemed to think there was something under all the demons and dreams and miracles Ivan might want from her—and that had her terrified.

Ivan bowed his head. "What ever makes this easier on you, Miss."

Thomas penned the words and Miss Finn let the breath she'd been holding back out, slowly.

"Done," Thomas said, lifting the paper to blow on the ink.

"Good. Sign it. Give it to your boss and then I'll give it a last look over."

Thomas obeyed.

When she finished her inspection, Miss Finn took the candle from the altar and dribbled the wax under all the signatures. She pressed her thumb in the half-dried smear, leaving a rough indent of her fingerprint.

She poured some more and gestured for Ivan.

Ivan let three of his claws grow long.

Miss Finn's grip on the paper tightened, but she held it steady.

And Ivan pressed the outside of his claws to the wax. It left a rough sketch of a wolf, a moon and a pine grove.

Miss Finn blinked at it. Even Father Aaron leaned closer. "How'd—" she began.

Ivan extended his claws again for her to see. Carved into the black, bone-like material was the seal of White Pine. Miss Finn reached out her finger to touch the etchings, but caught herself and curled her hand back into a fist.

"That's... useful," she said it like she'd only just caught herself shy of a compliment.

"Benefits of rank." Ivan shrugged. "Alpha is four-clawed."

"Must have hurt." Miss Finn looked away, folding the paper into fourths.

"It did," Ivan answered, unable to tell if she said it out of spite or pity.

Miss Finn stuffed the contract in her pocket and rearranged her skirts to hide the paper's edges. It blended in so completely, Ivan no longer wondered where she was keeping that gun.

"To work now, then," she said, pulling at the paneling in her dress to straighten her posture.

Something about her had settled now that she had a contract; a wall of paper between her and the other side of the river.

"Be kind to the wolves, love," Old Mother Taimar advised as Miss Finn kissed her cheek. "We might rid you of your curse yet."

A muscle tightened along Miss Finn's jaw. "Yes, well. I'll be back tonight, regardless," she promised. "Father Aaron?"

The priest looked up from the bottle of ink he was trying to close. "Be safe, Lady."

"Always, love." Miss Finn dismissed his concern with a wave and didn't look back.

________

Thanks for sticking around this long! <3

Thanks for sticking around this long! <3 Dedicated to @LethargicActionHero for the werewolf companionship and comments. :)

Dedicated to @LethargicActionHero for the werewolf companionship and comments. :) Next update on Tuesday!

Next update on Tuesday! Vote and Comment! xx

Vote and Comment! xx





7. Acid and Ink


Rumours of miracles and demons aside, Miss Finn's life was rather simple.

She worked at a laundromat into the afternoon, visited the motor garage across the street, and attended her altar for confession in the evening. It was the garage that turned out to be the most eventful, since the repair shop doubled as a communal gathering point: serving terrible coffee in return for Beltan's latest gossip.

The job became so predictable, Ivan felt comfortable handing off the day shift to the pups. Thomas took the close guard and Curt, who was scrawny enough to pass as a this-sider, stayed out of sight to gather intel from the shadows. Ivan, for his part, took the night shift and caught up on his paperwork, which was relentless even on leave.

Several days in, he was revising the infirmary's budget when his two wolves returned. They bared their throats in greeting.

"You're back early," Ivan said, taking them in from over his spectacles.

"Only a quarter of an hour or so," Thomas said, shrugging out of his vest.

Thomas' eye caught on the sealed envelope on the kitchen table. "Beta," he said, impressed. "You are the only wolf I know who dares let a missive from Kate sit unread. I'd bet Alpha himself sweats to see her handwriting. Though I see she sent you your files." He tossed his vest over a chair and gestured to the black folder under the letter.

"She did," Ivan said, leaning back in his rickety chair. His files on William had arrived that morning with Kate's letter; he just hadn't the time nor the stomach to read them yet.

"Miss Finn was asking about them," Thomas said.

Ivan paused in the folding of his spectacles. "The files? How did she know about them?"

"Well, I didn't say anything." Thomas shrugged, sauntering over to the fridge. "Did you, Curt?"

Curt dignified the question with a look of disdain. He turned to Ivan. "She mentioned something about catching a messenger boy last night and serving him tea."

Of course she did. How that woman continued to surprise him was a miracle in and of itself.

Thomas swung open the fridge and sniffed for food. "She did invite us to dinner, though." He opened a glass jar, smelled the contents and coughed. "Hell. What did Mrs Whimble eat?"

"The souls of her cats," Curt said, coaxing one of Mrs Whimble's many cats off the stovetop so he could start the kettle.

"Cats have no souls, you sympathizer," Thomas growled and slammed the fridge closed. "Here's to hoping Miss Finn can cook as well as she's rumoured to shoot."

Ivan set his spectacles on the table. "Unfortunately, that is a dinner invitation we will have to decline."

"What?" Curt said, sloshing water from the kettle onto the counter.

Thomas blinked at Curt's sudden show of emotion, but gestured to the smaller wolf. "I, uh, second the pup's outcry."

Curt's pink skin pinkened further and he cringed.

"No dinner with the potential," Ivan said, determined. "If I can smell Miss Finn on you from here, you need a break from the exposure."

"I don't know why you're so worried about us getting too attached to her," Thomas complained, rummaging in the cabinets for something not labelled Fishy Feline Friends . He settled on a tin of sardines; while still fishy, they weren't exclusively feline. "That woman makes my skin crawl."

Fishy Feline Friends "Oh?" Ivan said. "I didn't think you believed in demons."

"I don't." Thomas pulled out the chair across from Ivan and sat his mass down with a creak. "But everything they say about that woman chills my blood. Dreaming every baby's birth and death before it happens is creepy enough, but that she darkens the doorstep of every family just after they've lost a child—stillborn, sickness, you name it, and without them telling her, mind—that's just not right."



Ivan shook his head, amused. "And yet you still want to go to her flat for dinner."

Thomas was distastefully opening the sardine can with a claw, but paused to give Ivan a patient look. "Food is food, Beta. I'm not picky."

"Just too picky for fish." Curt leaned against the stove and crossed his arms. "If you are ready, Beta. I have something to report."

"Go ahead then, Curt."

Curt checked the kettle and cleared his throat. His voice fell into the cadence all scouts were trained to use when reporting from memory. "This evening, in the garage. Joe: young, mechanic. Smells of motor oil. Tan, with a green tattoo of a swallow on his throat—"

"I remember him," Ivan said.

"Joe pulled at Miss Finn's laundry cap. 'How long is your hair getting these days?' he asked. She pushed his hand away. He said, 'How often do you have to cut it for them not to notice?' 'Not now, Joe,' Miss Finn said. Joe was angry, but the anger that's lustful. Abram noticed and took off his spectacles, under those, his eyes are mean."

"How the hell does he get all this from standing across the street?" Thomas asked Ivan, distressed. "And how did I miss it from inside?"

Curt sneered, righting two cat-shaped tea cups from the drying rack. "Because I wasn't mooning over Miss Jess, that's how."

"Sure, sure," Thomas said. "You're just bitter because you're losing the bet."

Thomas had lost his wallet the first day on the tram and Curt had bet him a fiver Miss Jess was the thief. Only neither had worked up the guts to ask her yet.

"Curt, focus on the report, please."

"I apologise, Beta." Curt returned to the story without a scout's cadence, Thomas' jealousy pulling him deeper into the telling of it. "Miss Finn tried to pull away, but Joe grabbed her arm. 'You're lucky your moon's just passed.' He said, 'What would you have done then?' Miss Finn, stiff, said: 'I would have stuck to my house and not done my rounds.' Joe's voice got violent, 'You think we'd let you get away with that? What else do you bring to this god-forsaken city? Maybe I should tell the wolves—' and Miss Finn slapped him across the mouth. I think he might have, well, touched her. Abram stood, grabbed Joe by the ear, and left out the back."

should "Did you follow them?"

"Yes, Beta. Two more came out. Davy and Vince — not mechanics, but regulars of the garage. Vince said, 'The lady saved mine and Davy's baby here,' and grabbed Joe by the scruff. Davy said, 'Abram told us you might get her some trouble with wolves.' And then Davy punched him, three times in the gut. I heard two ribs break. They hit him until he apologised, and then some. Broken nose, two broken ribs, a blow to the solar plexus and a bleeding tongue. Then, Miss Jess came out."

"Damn, you get all the good stuff." Thomas leaned forward, on pins and needles. "So?"

"This is a report, Thomas. Not a soap opera," Curt said, primly setting tea bags at the bottom of the two cups, wrapping the thread around the porcelain cat's tail.

"Oh, come on!" Thomas pleaded, his canned sardines long forgotten. "It's just getting good!"

Ivan almost smiled, endeared. "Carry on, Curt."

"Miss Jess came out and scolded the thugs until they went back inside. Abram still stood there. Miss Jess grabbed Joe by the collar and pulled him up to look in her eye. She's a short thing, so Joe was practically on his knees. She said: 'The Lady is everything. You are nothing,' and she wiped the blood from his chin. 'If I were her, I'd put a curse on you that rotted out your insides and forced them up your throat.' She reset his nose in a yank and dropped him. 'Just be grateful there's weeks yet till her moon rises.' And Miss Jess went back inside, Abram following."



Curt paused for suspense and the kettle spittled into the silence. The scout's thin lips almost smiled, smug. "End of report, Beta."

Thomas' eyes were wide. He shook his head to clear it. "So. She's a Lady with miraculous powers that are tied somehow to the moon, and potentially her hair? And to top it all, she is guarded by a mafia of mechanics who will hunt down anyone who so much as thinks of snitching."

The brawler whistled low between his teeth. "Beta, I know you have history with this William fella. But I say let the beast have the ungrateful woman. That whole thing about the Devil's bride might not be far off."

Ivan gave Thomas a warning look. "Careful what you say about the Miss, pup. It is our Pack's duty to make sure she's alright."

Thomas made a face, swishing the oil around in his tin of sardines to seem offhand. "The rest of the Pack doesn't see it that way."

His words made Curt fumble with the sugar jar.

Ivan raised his brow.

Thomas looked up, and then away again. "Sorry, Beta."

"No. It's alright. White Pine..." Ivan tried to explain, but licked his words back off his lips. He gave himself a moment to sort and fold his emotions back into place. As an influencer, he had to be careful what he said.

Ivan adjusted the edges of his paperwork, aligning all the corners to match. "White Pine's done a poor job of keeping our contracts in the past," he finally said. "That is not what our Pack is meant to be. We promised Miss Finn she'd live a life free of our wolves. So, for the sake of the Pack, we'll see to it that she does."

Thomas worked his jaw for a moment. "But William isn't our wolf anymore."

In straightening his papers, the back of Ivan's fingers brushed the big black folder on the table and drew his attention. He hated how thick it was, full of news articles and autopsy reports and photographs. At the bottom of that file, somewhere, was the transcript of William's trial and the rushed notes of Lianne Finn's horrendous case.

"We promised her safety because of William. So letting the beast take her now..." Ivan looked away from the file. Thinking about it made him burn, all the blood in that file scalding through his veins like acid. "We will stick to what we said."

"You mean, you will stick to what we said." Thomas pressed, indignant. Not on his own behalf for once, but on Ivan's: angry his beta was cheated of Pack support.

you Ivan was surprised at the sentiment. Perhaps his influencing had slipped some of that blood-boiling acid to his own wolves.

Thomas' big hand fisted on the table. "White Pine doesn't give a damn about the forgotten wrongs of this side."

Ivan removed his hand from the file and gently used his influence to curve the emotions of the room back towards a sense of calm.

When Thomas' fist uncurled, Ivan gave him a half-smile. "I am White Pine and I am here. Curt is White Pine, and he is here. You, too, will be pack one day. So White Pine does give a damn."

Curt offered Ivan tea and Ivan took the cup gratefully, watching the steam curl between the porcelain cat's ears.

"You know," Ivan said, his tone lighter. "If White Pine really does give a damn, it won't quite do to turn down the woman's dinner invitation."

Thomas stood, spitting his sardine back in the sink. "Really, Beta?"

Curt had paused, tea-cup cat half way to his mouth. "Why, Beta?"

While Ivan didn't show it, his blood still burned and that acid still lapped at the back of his throat. He couldn't tell if it was hate, or determination, or fear. Perhaps they were all the same thing.



Ivan sipped his tea. It was somehow both sour and watery at the same time. "Maybe there is more to making things right this side than killing beasts," he said, cryptic because he didn't quite understand the difference between revenge and restoration himself.

He stood and gathered both folder and letter under his arm. "Ask her what hour she suggests. We will be there."

Thomas whooped and Curt went so far as to smile. With the spirits of his wolves restored, Ivan shooed four cats from Mrs Whimble's bedroom and shut the door for some privacy.

Mrs Whimble had a desk, but no desk chair, so Ivan pulled the lumpy bed away from the wall to sit.

Kate's letter was opened first, the white wax crumbling on the black of the folder. There were various papers and clippings inside, with a brief missive from Kate folded in the front:

Beta—

Here are the files. I have taken the liberty to include the pertinent news articles from the Queen's Welcome Gala for Cutting River.

Beta—

Here are the files. I have taken the liberty to include the pertinent news articles from the Queen's Welcome Gala for Cutting River. William was in attendance. He was jovial and kind, as well as a favourite of the queen's. I saw nothing of the beast. And his mate, while young, seemed content and adoring. There was no reason for me to be unsettled.

William was in attendance. He was jovial and kind, as well as a favourite of the queen's. I saw nothing of the beast. And his mate, while young, seemed content and adoring. There was no reason for me to be unsettled. Alpha hates these events and the media is watching him for a reaction. I would request your return, but understand your presence might make these negotiations a bit awkward. If you still think he will show the beast and venture to that side of the river, I support your decision.

Alpha hates these events and the media is watching him for a reaction. I would request your return, but understand your presence might make these negotiations a bit awkward. If you still think he will show the beast and venture to that side of the river, I support your decision. Kate

Delta of the Pack of White Pine





Kate

Delta of the Pack of White Pine





The first neatly cut news-clipping was an article; Kate, ever efficient, had underscored the bits she thought important:

A great, happy family was not what we were expecting. With their reputation, we were braced for chauvinism, back-water politics and maybe even brutality. But their women were gentle flowers, their men courteous and handsome. Their fashion, exquisite; their manners and dance, unparalleled.

A great, happy family was not what we were expecting. With their reputation, we were braced for chauvinism, back-water politics and maybe even brutality. With their reputation, we were braced for chauvinism, back-water politics and maybe even brutality. But their women were gentle flowers, their men courteous and handsome. Their fashion, exquisite; their manners and dance, unparalleled. In the words of Her Young Majesty, the Queen: "The Pack of Cutting River has brought a breath of fresh air into the City of Beltan. It will be our honour and our most sincere pleasure to host them through next week."





In the words of Her Young Majesty, the Queen: "The Pack of Cutting River has brought a breath of fresh air into the City of Beltan. It will be our honour and our most sincere pleasure to host them through next week." the Queen: "The Pack of Cutting River has brought a breath of fresh air into the City of Beltan. It will be our honour and our most sincere pleasure to host them through next week."





There were two more clippings; each a picture.

The first was of three beautiful young women.



"The almond-eyed beauties of Cutting River; the daughters of Alpha William Hue and their mother, Luna Jade Hue. Keep an eye out, ladies! The queen herself has ordered a silk dress in this butterfly style for the Autumn Parade."





"The almond-eyed beauties of Cutting River; the daughters of Alpha William Hue and their mother, Luna Jade Hue. daughters of Alpha William Hue and their mother, Luna Jade Hue. Keep an eye out, ladies! The queen herself has ordered a silk dress in this butterfly style for the Autumn Parade."





The second was of Ivan's Alpha, drink in hand. Tatiana, the Pack's Luna, had probably opted out of attendance due to her pregnancy. Alpha looked civil, if a little bored. Ivan was generally there to broker the social niceties.

Under the italics of the caption was a section Kate had circled twice:

"Despite the rumours, Cutting River only leaves an impression of charm and elegance. In fact, we do wonder if the Pack of White Pine might have been up-classed. Is it time the Royal Wolves forfeit their title to a pack of more modern family-styles?"





"Despite the rumours, Cutting River only leaves an impression of charm and elegance. In fact, we do wonder if the Pack of White Pine might have been up-classed. Is it time the Royal Wolves forfeit their title to a pack of more modern family-styles?" "Despite the rumours, Cutting River only leaves an impression of charm and elegance. In fact, we do wonder if the Pack of White Pine might have been up-classed. Is it time the Royal Wolves forfeit their title to a pack of more modern family-styles?"





Ivan growled and crinkled the paper. Family and elegance, modern and style—it was all smoke and mirrors hiding fangs and claws.

Ivan forced himself to take a deep breath and spread the picture back out in its place.

This was exactly why Alpha agreed Ivan could take leave. He might not understand Ivan's obsession with William, but he knew his beta had no tolerance for this self-glorifying charade of, what was it?, 'charm and elegance'.

Ivan knew Will better than he knew himself most days. And William, while charming and elegant, was also the type of bastard that would rape and take and kill.

And Lianne would be next. He knew it.

Carefully, as if any sudden movements would break his grip on his temper, Ivan slid out the last scrap of paper from the envelope. It was a note from Alpha, in that spiked, hurried hand Ivan knew so well.

' You might want to cut your leave short. ' It read, ' Will is no threat. And I want time with Tat before the pup comes. '

You might want to cut your leave short. Will is no threat. And I want time with Tat before the pup comes. Ivan sighed and looked for a pen in the drawer of Mrs Whimble's desk. The ink was old and the pen wrote with blots and scratches, but Ivan didn't have patience to find another set.

To Alpha, he wrote:

I will give it a few more days.

I will give it a few more days. Then, to Kate:

He will come.





He will come.





___________________





A/N:

A/N: In the words of my sister, who read this over for me:

"Is that a foreshadowing darkening my reading glasses?"

But of course, love. Plenty of those, plenty of those. (mwhahaha)





Dedicated to @Em-OFier for the votes and as an act of solidarity for unique werewolf stories. <3

Tackle that second book, hon. You got this!

Dedicated to @Em-OFier for the votes and as an act of solidarity for unique werewolf stories. <3

Tackle that second book, hon. You got this! Vote and Comment if you liked it! xx

Vote and Comment if you liked it! xx Next Update: Next Tuesday :D

'cause we all need a little something on a Tuesday.

Next Update: Next Tuesday :D

'cause we all need a little something on a Tuesday.





8. Shoelaces and Rice


Three wolves waited outside Miss Finn's door for dinner; hair slicked back with water, shirts tucked in, vests buttoned up.

Ivan knocked on the red paint and waited.

"Jess!" Miss Finn called from inside.

"Just a minute!" Jess called back, her voice more muffled, but just as shrill.

Autumn had set her shadow over the city. The window on their right had been left open, chilling the hall and making the warm smell of dinner seem all the more inviting. Ivan breathed in through his mouth and a ghost taste of broth curled on the back of his tongue: chicken, garlic and thyme—maybe some rice.

All three wolves swallowed the thin taste back down and shifted their weight on their feet, hunger making them restless.

Ivan knocked again.

Miss Finn's voice sounded a second time,"Jess! Now, please."

A door inside opened. "Look, Lady," Jess snapped back. "You want this thing fixed or not?" And the door slammed shut again, vibrating out into the hall.

"Fine," Miss Finn said, though she didn't sound fine. "Damned drains. Damned pipes. Damned river." The locks turned and the door swung open, the chilly autumn air gusting through and tugging on Miss Finn's yellow cotton skirt.

She had been wearing the same thing the first time they'd met, with the daisies embroidered on the hem. Only the yellow top had been forgone for a loose white blouse and open neckline that slipped passed the dip of her collarbone. So different from the black, stayed things she wore to work.

Ivan bowed. "Good evening."

He thought the colour suited her, especially with the yellow scarf tied around the back of her head, pushing all her curls to spiral at the top of her head.

She ran a critical eye over the wolves, before opening the door all the way. "Come in then. Though, mind the salt."

"The salt?" Thomas muttered.

"On the threshold, you idiot," Curt muttered back.

Sure enough, there was a thin line of salt where the door met the carpet in the hall.

Ivan carefully stepped over white line. "May I ask what the salt is for?" he said, once they were through the entryway. His eye followed the line of salt around the border of the room.

"Demon prevention," Miss Finn answered, her tone refusing further questions.

"There's no moon tonight is all," said a new voice from their right. "Demons are worst here when there is no moon."

A woman emerged from the kitchen, offering the wolves a genteel smile. "I'm Elizabeth Miles. But, please, call me Betsy."

If Miss Jess was a tabby from some dinky alley—all orange fuzz and tattoos—her sister, here, was as elegant and poised as a lioness, her red hair faded to a cascade of bourbon gold.

Ivan gave her a deep bow. "Madam." Curt and Thomas, slightly awestruck, followed suit. Thomas hit his head on a hanging bouquet.

A toddler teetered out of the kitchen, barely catching herself on Miss Betsy's skirt.

"And this little one is Helene." Miss Finn swept the child into her arms and kissed her blonde curls. "Bet's daughter, in for the weekend. Say hello to the wolves, now, Lyn."

The girl gave the wolves a twisty wave.

"Good," Miss Finn kissed that little fist. "Now. Wolves are bad. You stay away from wolves."



"Lady," Miss Betsy chided gently.

The bathroom door suddenly opened to their left and Miss Jess emerged to the smell of the sewer. Her dress was several sizes too big, the sleeves rolled up to reveal the green tattoos angled in designs on her forearms. Her ginger hair hung in a thin ponytail from the crown of her head.

"Well, no need to stare," she said, flushing a bit red to have drawn the conversation's sudden attention. "It's the damned loo I've come out of, not the Virgin's Holy Womb." She took Helene from Miss Finn and kissed the child's round cheek. "Shower drain needed tending is all. Nifty fingers always have work to do, eh, Little Lyn?"

"Speaking of nifty fingers," Miss Betsy gave her sister a disapproving look. "What do you owe Mr Thomas here?"

Jess cringed. "An apology?"

"A wallet," Betsy said dryly. "Hand it over, now."

"A- a wallet?" Thomas repeated.

Curt laughed under his breath. "You owe me a fiver."

Miss Jess gave an exasperated sigh, but shifted Helene on her hip to dig around in her pockets. "Green, was it?" she asked Thomas, withdrawing first a grey wallet, then a black one.

"Jess," Betsy scolded when her other pocket only produced a beaded coin purse and a pack of cigarettes. "What did we say about this?"

"I have to check the rice," Miss Finn announced, uninterested in the sisters' squabble.

Jess reached into her bodice and fished out green leather wallet and three crumpled bills. Stuffing the bills back in place, she flapped open the pocketbook to check its contents. A photograph of Thomas' mother smiled sideways at them from the picture slot.

Miss Betsy snatched the wallet away and offered it back to its rightful owner. "You'll have to forgive her," she said, sweetly. "If you're born in a brothel, you either bed or steal to make ends meet."

"Oh, spare us the sob story," Jess said. "He was asking for a little frisk by not paying attention."

"That's what I said." Curt grinned.

Thomas was blushing. "You said nothing about frisking."

Miss Finn called Curt into the kitchen to help move the table.

As soon as the pup was gone and the kitchen tap covered his conversation with Miss Finn, Thomas leaned towards Jess. "If you can steal anything from Curt tonight," he wagged his wallet under her nose, "Everything I have in here is yours."

"Don't encourage her," Miss Betsy said, though she seemed to understand it was a lost cause.

Jess grinned. "Deal's on, Tommy boy."





In the glare of electric lights, the flat's many colours seemed more gaudy than welcoming. Their dinner display, in the living room for space, stayed true to the feeling. Ivan was pretty sure their tablecloth doubled as a bed sheet, their centerpiece was comprised of wilting roses in beer bottles, and the furniture had been recruited to make up for lack of seating.

There was a certain thrill in the hodgepodge setting for Ivan. To think of the galas and balls and banquets he'd attended, but nothing smelled quite as lovely as the simple chicken soup and rice Miss Finn had laid out for them on a bedsheet. And while there was more rice than broth and bones than meat, Mrs Whimble's Fishy Feline Friends had cured his pups of all complaints.

Fishy Feline Friends Thomas completed the scene, hunched in that pink wingback with shoulders too broad to fit the panelling. Ivan sat at the other end of the table, Miss Finn and Betsy to his left, and Curt and Jess on the couch to his right with Helene squished between them.



"Well, Thomas?" Miss Finn began casually, pulling a chicken bone out of her mouth. "You sure you can eat with that collar on?"

Thomas was enjoying his rice too much to be too touchy about it. "I can eat just fine, Miss. Thank you. This broth really is divine."

"Hm." Miss Finn sipped her water. "And when you gonna tell us how you got that collar? We could do with a good story."

"I thought we agreed that wasn't your business, Miss," Thomas said. The small metal spoon looked ridiculous in the brawler's big-knuckled hand.

"Come, now," Miss Finn said. "I'm not asking to embarrass you. I mean, you heard about our Jess. In and out of jail since she was, what? Eleven?"

"Eight," Miss Jess corrected, wiping her mouth on her sleeve.

"Napkin, Jess. Really," Betsy tried, halfheartedly.

"Hell," Miss Finn said, slipping Jess a sly grin, "wasn't your first crush on the warden?"

Jess unfolded her napkin with an exaggerated flourish for Betsy. "First crush. First kiss. First time." Jess smirked. "Needless to say, they don't keep me long in the cells no more."

Betsy frowned. "Mind the table talk, please."

"And the grammar," Thomas concurred, lifting his water glass in a solitary toast.

Ivan gave him a look over the drooping roses.

Miss Finn's glance was a little more gracious. "There's no embarrassment in some crime here."

"Still not saying, Miss," Thomas insisted, his glass to his lips.

Curt let some of the broth dribble off his spoon. "He killed someone in his last pack," he said, and took a bite.

"Curt," Ivan warned, while Thomas choked on his water.

Miss Finn's spoon stopped halfway to her mouth.

"You little snitch." Thomas loomed in the pink wingback, his look dark.

"Just making conversation." Curt took another bite.

Miss Finn slowly lowered her spoon back in her bowl, giving Curt a harsh look over. "And, you, love? What's your story?"

Thomas' grip was warping the metal of his spoon; he was happy to answer, his voice a snarl. "The pup tried to kill himself on active duty."

Curt's spoon clattered to his plate; he paled, lip curling over teeth.

Ivan growled so fiercely both pups jumped.

Miss Finn tsked at Curt's pallor. "You snitched first," she reminded him.

Curt turned his snarl on her. "You have no idea what you're talking about."

Miss Finn bunched up her napkin and set it on the table.

"Oh my," Betsy said, with an air of foreboding.

A chilly evening breeze brushed in from the balcony and frosted Miss Finn's scent in a fringe of blue.

"All I'm seeing," she said, calmly disapproving, "are two brothers bitching about each other at a neighbour's table."

"He's not my brother," Curt growled.

not Ivan leaned forward at his tone, "Curt, the Miss—"

Miss Finn cut him off with a dismissive wave of her hand, eyes never leaving Curt's snarl. "Thomas is a wolf. You're a wolf. Aren't packmates brothers?"



"That mutt isn't Pack yet." Curt spat. "And don't disrespect my beta like that."

"You don't disrespect the Lady, then." Thomas retaliated, feeling it was a good time to get involved.

Miss Finn pounded the table. "Quit speaking for me!"

At the rattle of cutlery and slosh of water from glasses, Helene began to cry.

"Oh, Lyn." Jess swept her up and pressed the child's sticky face into her neck. "Don't disturb them, now. It's just getting good."

Miss Finn's eye narrowed at Curt. "You disrespect your own Beta by snarling at my table. By insulting each other you insult me, my home and my hospitality, which in turn shames your precious pack as a whole."

Curt blinked, his snarl fading by degrees.

Miss Finn turned on Thomas. "And you."

Ivan leaned back in his chair.

"That's right," she sneered at Thomas' hunched shoulders. "Selling out a brother for petty vengeance and jealousy. Did it make you feel better?"

Thomas shook his head.

"And, you, Curt? Did all your snarls make you feel better?"

Curt hung his head. "A- a little."

Miss Finn pushed her bowl further up the table, as if they'd ruined her appetite. "Your Beta is the only wolf worth having at my table." She took a cleansing breath, smoothing her napkin over her lap. "How's the food, Ivan?"

Ivan considered the broth for a moment, then made sure to take a hearty, grateful bite. "Delicious, Miss. Thank you," he said, once he'd swallowed.

"Bets made it."

Ivan gave Miss Betsy a grateful dip of his head. "Thank you, Madam."

Betsy, for all her beauty, blushed in blotches like her sister. "Y-your welcome, then," she said. It appeared she wasn't taking to the wolves quite as keenly as Miss Jess.

Miss Finn turned back to Curt and Thomas, giving them each a long, disappointed look. Thomas whined under his breath.

Hell, this woman was good.

"What do you two have to say for yourselves?"

"I- I'm sorry Miss," Thomas said. On pure instinct, the pup bared his throat instead of bowing to her.

Miss Finn's jaw set, so Ivan couldn't tell if she knew what it meant. She turned to Curt.

Curt fidgeted for a moment, his head down and to the side. "I'm sorry," he growled to his rice. And he, too, bared his throat.

Ivan's brow rose. That was the most surprising part of the night.

Curt came from a bad place. He was like metal still molten from years of fire and hate, always on the verge of feral. There was a reason Alpha had permanently assigned him to an influencer after probation; someone to take the edge off.

So a throat stretched for Miss Finn in this purple-walled, yellow-floored flat was no small feat.

Miss Finn's lips were still pressed tight together. "That's that, then." She pulled her bowl to herself and took a bite.

Miss Betsy licked her lips. "I bought some blueberries on sale down in Fisher's Net today," she said, in a valiant attempt to recover conversation.

"Yes, I heard about that," Thomas nervously sipped a spoonful of broth. "The sale."

"Blueberries are nice," Miss Finn granted, not really paying attention.

"Oh, heaven and hell," Jess griped. "Let's talk about something other than Fisher's Net and their blueberries."



Before she could make any suggestions, there was a sudden flurry of movement from the couch. Faster than any human eye could track Curt had Miss Jess' wrist held above the table. And in her hand was the polished gold of Curt's wrist watch.

Everyone blinked as the watch swung on its chain. Jess looked so shocked at being caught, even her freckles paled.

"You little thief," Curt growled. He was smiling, but it looked more like a baring of teeth. "To think I wouldn't hear your sneaky bet with the mutt over there."

Helene laughed and reached rice-sticky hands up for the glimmering watch suspended above her.

Curt dropped Jess' hand, as if just realising he still held it. "I'm a bleeding scout. I hear everything," he told her, snatching his watch back. "No one can steal from me."

"Oh," Jess said, eyes still round. Then she smiled back, slow and playful, the grin looking eerily like Curt's own. "Then I guess I should give these back." She dangled two shoelaces between them. Then dug a blue wallet out of her bodice.

Thomas laughed so suddenly and loud, he startled Helene into letting go of the shoestrings, a clump of rice sticking to the swaying black chord.

"How the hell—" Curt growled, checking his pockets, his unlaced shoes.

Jess laughed, and when Thomas reached for his wallet, she dug in her corset again for a wad of cash. "Don't fool yourself, love. I take what I'm owed."

Thomas paused, then laughed even harder. Helene added her squeals to the mix and clapped her chubby hands. Even Curt softened at the edges.

"You're good, scout-wolf," Jess granted, restoring Thomas' money to its safe hideaway. "I haven't been caught in years."

"It's about time someone did," Betsy said, a hand to her chest as she recovered from all the movement. She reached across the table for Helene. "It should teach you a lesson."

"You should try the beta next," Miss Finn said, with a mischievous look to Ivan.

Jess scoffed. "That man is all eyes and brain. I'd be better off trying to nick a gem off the Queen's crown."

"Beta is the sharpest wolf I have ever met," Thomas boasted. "The amount of control on that wolf just isn't natural for our kind."

Ivan cringed at the praise.

Miss Finn gave Ivan a quirk of her brow.

"It comes with the breed," Ivan explained, uncomfortable but sparing Miss Finn a brief look. "We're trained to be careful with our emotions."

"Control, eh?" she said, lightly. "That's funny, seeing as I am almost positive you've been avoiding me."

She said it like it was the most dumbfounding of things, leaning back in her chair and crossing her arms in a way that pushed all those curves just above the collar of her blouse. He could see her dark skin under the white cotton.

Ivan let his eyes wander back up to hers. "I wonder why," he heard himself say.

She blinked, surprised, but didn't look away from him.

"What breed is William?" she asked, so suddenly the table stilled again.

Her eyes never left him, so maybe she saw the feral thing in him rear at the sudden sound of that name.

Ivan took a sip of his water and set it down, watching the condensation drip from the glass onto the tablecloth. "An influencer."

"You said you trained with him."

When she seemed to expect a response, Ivan let his eyes flick up to hers, feeling the weight in his look that was answer enough.

She frowned at him, but eventually looked away. "How do people feel about coffee for dessert?"

"I'll get it." Betsy rushed to stand, but Miss Finn put a gentle hand on her shoulder.

"Nonsense, you made dinner. I'll make the coffee. Beta Ivan here can help me."

She said it like she was bestowing an honour, setting her napkin on the table and reshuffling her yellow skirts to stand. "Come along, Ivan."

Both pups looked to Ivan with wide eyes as he stood.

Jess, too, seemed put out by the change of conversation. "Well, what we meant to talk about, then?"

"You're a smart woman, Jess." Miss Finn stacked the bowls on the table and Ivan followed suit. "You'll figure it out." And she led him to the kitchen.





__________________

Dedicated to @lelawrites for the votes, comments and conversation the last few weeks! xx

Dedicated to @lelawrites for the votes, comments and conversation the last few weeks! xx Next update: next Tuesday!

or maybe Friday, since it's a shorter one. ¯\_( ツ )_/¯

Next update: next Tuesday!

or maybe Friday, since it's a shorter one. ¯\_( ツ )_/¯ Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3





9. The Sight of Blood


Miss Finn wanted to see the files. She told him so in the privacy of her green-cabinetted kitchen, once the coffee had brewed.

She poured him some and handed it to him with a slosh over its rim. It burnt Ivan's finger, but he didn't show it, just graciously let the excess drip to the floor.

"May I ask why you'd like to see them, miss?" Ivan kept his voice gentle and studied a hairline fracture along his teacup. The coffee smelled sour but looked better than the grimy stuff they served at the garage.

He'd known the dinner was about the files in the first place. A meal in exchange for his information on William. With the way his wolves ate, it seemed fair. What surprised Ivan was his own reluctance. That file had been his personal obsession for so many years. He'd learned to keep it close to his chest.

Miss Finn poured herself a cup and returned the French press to the counter. Before answering his question, she considered him from under her lashes, fierce and blowing steam from the rim of her cup. She said her words slow enough to gauge his reaction, "The demons didn't like you bringing your files on William here."

Ivan nodded, slowly. "Demons."

"You shouldn't laugh." She lowered her teacup and gave him a grave look. "Demons are more common than you'd think. Your Curt's got several hanging off him like leeches. Thomas: a gargoyle-ish one on his back. Dismissing them is foolish."

Ivan clarified, "And these demons don't like me having files on William."

He was sure he kept his expression neutral, but Miss Finn's eyes narrowed slightly. She brushed the rim of her cup over her full lips. "Demons are all about territory," she said, watching him. "You asking for those files shifted something in their world. They're restless, now. More angry. And I want to know why."

Her voice was even, her eyes too focused on him to reveal any of her own emotions, but Ivan felt something toss and turn in her at the thought of these files. Something restless and anxious and alone.

There was nothing worse than a restless loneliness. Ivan, most of the time, was more the tired sort of alone. To be scared and alone — that gnawed through the bones of a person.

"Granted, there is more to it than that," she said stiffly, as if following his thoughts. "I didn't know William... had others. Or, well, had done more. Than me." She cringed at her own words.

Ivan lowered his teacup a fraction, realising quite unexpectedly that the files he had on William could be considered more hers than his. While he could relegate the beast to personal obsession, she had to wake up with the beast's mark on her breast every morning and somehow make peace with it.

Ivan sipped his coffee, swallowing slow enough to let it scald the roof of his mouth. Eventually, he nodded, his eyes not leaving her. "If you think you can take it," Ivan said, wary of the slight tremor in her teacup.

"I can." She tightened her grip on the cup until it stopped shaking. "Now would be good, if you please. I don't want to drag it out."





In Mrs Whimble's kitchen, Miss Finn handled the photographs like they were relics, carefully laying them atop the autopsy reports and interview notes like flowers on a grave.

It wasn't until a cat brushed between his leg and her skirt that he realised how close he hovered behind her; close enough to breathe her in, the air still warm with her body heat. Her scent stuck to his pallet, smelling like dusty sun and coffee and conjuring colours so different from the cold night and bleached light of Mrs Whimble's lone kitchen lamp.

Ivan made himself step back. He leaned against the kitchen counter with his coffee cup and watched the moths flit around the lamp, bumping into the hot bulb with suicidal determination. Ivan drank the hot coffee to sear her scent from inside him.



He didn't need to watch her; he knew what she saw.

Eight women, two men; three little girls, one boy. The sort of poor that was easy to forget, killed in the sort of place no one liked to remember. And each with a mark, gouged out of the right shoulder, just above the breast. Most of them died of blood loss, wrists slit by a wolf's claw. Three had died from rough handling in the rape.

Miss Finn laid the photographs out, then sat down. Her heart was beating fast enough to boil her blood—Ivan could still feel her body's burn from this distance—yet, she didn't move. She merely sat there, the colour in her eyes slowly draining to match those of the victims. Ivan could almost smell the blood William had spilt all those years ago, leaking back out of her.

Two tears fell, then three, catching on the smooth curve of her cheek.

She sniffed and wiped her nose on the corner of her sleeve.

Ivan realised, alarmed, that he wasn't imagining the wet, coppery smell of blood. "You're bleeding," he told her, quickly setting his coffee on the counter behind him.

"Oh." She looked down, blinking numbly at the red blossoming on the white linen at her shoulder. "S-sorry. It's the mark." She sniffed again and gratefully took the handkerchief he offered her.

She slipped the loose neckline off one shoulder and the blue-washed light smeared a glare over the tightness of scarred skin and the red dripping down her shoulder. The scar had healed in folds and knots, like a flesh-made rose. It was positioned further along the shoulder than the ones in the photographs. While the outer edges seemed fine, a cut was torn through the centre. Like being here had taken a scalpel and reopened the heart of things.

Lianne Finn. The only living victim of his Pack's beast. Marked, and still paying for it.

She dabbed at the drips of blood and pressed the handkerchief to her skin.

"Does, does that happen often?" Ivan asked, pulling out a chair. Looming over her wasn't going to help.

"Only when... Well. If he's too close." Lianne looked back at the photographs. Her bottom lashes were still wet with tears. "I always wondered how he kept feeding the demons. Who would've thought... so many. How has no one caught him yet?"

"His scent isn't on the victims," Ivan said. And that was a pretty solid evidence in wolf circles. "And no one connects the charming new alpha of a pack to these brutal kills." He grimaced at the bitterness in his voice.

"Plus, his alibi has him... cities away." Ivan shook his head, his long fingers fisting. That's what really kept William off suspect lists.

"But you know they're his," she said, looking right at him. It might have been a question, but he heard the certainty in her voice, read it in her eyes.

Ivan tried to shrug it off. "Like I said, I was involved in the cleanup of... of your case. These scenes are just recreating what he did with you."

"Except they die," she said plainly, shifting the handkerchief on her skin and turning back to the photographs.

"They do." Ivan watched the blood crawl up the white linen; he could smell it darkening her scent like a shadow. "But you survived," Ivan said.

He reached behind him for his coffee. He traced the crack in the rim again with his thumb. "I've also... known William for a long time," he said. "It makes it easier to recognise his work."

Lianne cringed at his phrasing, dropping her gaze to fiddle with the edge of a photograph. It was one of a streetworker, killed and left in a dumpster in a city far, far away. "I don't even remember what he looks like. When he visits me, he's always in wolf form."



"He visits you?" Ivan felt his grip tighten on the teacup's handle.

"Not like that. I have...." She licked her lips, evaluating him out of the corner of her eye. Her scent spiked with the salt of nerves. "I have gifts. That demons like to take advantage of. He can... make deals with demons to visit me through their unseen world. That's what the wards are for."

Ivan was careful to keep doubt out of his voice. "Gifts?"

"Eyes that see; hands that heal." Her eyes wandered his face, picking up on some hidden tension. "You don't believe me." She almost smiled, amused. "The Lady of the Lost. Power coveted by demons and beasts alike. At the very least, that's what'll keep me alive when he comes for me."

Ivan wasn't sure anything could keep her alive if William got her between his teeth—feral was feral.

"The deals with the demons are probably how he keeps up his alibis elsewhere," she said, simply, sipping her coffee.

At that, Ivan stared at the coffee in his own cup. Old emotions were a strange thing. Ivan was trained to build silos around them, reinforced with time and will power. But there were always pressure points that threatened to buckle the carefully grouted stone. Places you forgot to brace over time. It wasn't so much Lianne's words that had this effect—her theory was wild and improbable and useless in a court—it was that she theorised with him at all. No one did that anymore.

But Lianne knew, maybe better than he did, that William was a beast.

Silo cracking, he felt all the hate fill every inch of him until he thought it would finally rend out of his skin and howl: a beast more feral than William and all his demons.

He raised the teacup to his lips, and pressed the howl deeper down.

There, as he quietly rebuilt the silo, he found a new structure had formed alongside it. It was small and empty, but warm and smelling of yellow light, dusty soil and growth.

Ivan set his coffee down on the table.

Damn.

"You're a good wolf, Ivan," Lianne said suddenly, wiping the last drop of coffee from the rim of her cup with her thumb.

He didn't realise he was shaking his head until she smiled. "You are. If you weren't a wolf, you'd be a hell of a catch. All justice. Hell bent on avenging us poor forgotten ones."

She said it almost playfully, but Ivan used those words to lock up that sun-smelling room inside him. He leaned back in his chair and tried to match her for levity. "When I get to judgment day, Miss, I'll be sure to inform Heaven's doorkeep."

"But they'll still take you to hell, is that what you're saying?"

Ivan shrugged. "A beast's a beast."

Her lips squirmed in distaste, "Wolves really believe that? You're all going to hell?" She flipped the handkerchief; Ivan was surprised there was so much blood, hot and shiny on the fabric. It left a red-black smudge on her neck.

"A long stint in purgatory, at the least," Ivan said. "If you take your earthly penance seriously enough, that is."

"And do you? Take penance seriously?" Her chin tilted up, unintentionally baring her throat to him. The skin of her neck stretched over the line of her pulse and he watched it flutter for a moment, a butterfly of a beat beneath her rich brown skin.

"Very seriously, Miss," he said, watching the spot of blood on her throat move with her swallow.

"Hm," was all she said.

Something in his eye must have given him away, because she moved to leave, folding up the handkerchief. "Beast or not, my dreams haven't been as bad since you came, did you know that? And these people..." She cast a last look to the photographs. The lamplight caught a glare in the gloss of the print. "I am trying to say that you're doing the right thing, Ivan. And that is admirable."

Lianne reached out a hand as if to touch his arm in comfort. Ivan's whole body tensed. She saw the tendons raise on his forearm and caught herself. Her hand fisted and fell away.

The silence that stretched seemed to be a reminder. To the both of them.

She stood and he followed suit.

"Thank you for the files, wolf. I appreciate it." Miss Finn curtsied.

Feeling foolish in their formality, Ivan bowed. "Of course, Miss."

She offered the handkerchief back to him and righted her stained blouse.

Ivan took it and ran his thumb over the wolf embroidered in the corner, the black threads blacker for the blood.

Miss Finn licked her lips. "Keep everything locked up tonight, would you? And pray an extra prayer before bed." She glanced at him, but her eyes didn't reach his face. "There's no moon tonight."

And she gathered up her skirts, and left.

______

Sorry this came late. It was too important to rush .

Sorry this came late. It was too important to rush I combined it with a longer scene in the kitchen, cutting out a good deal of small talk—who wants to hear about Mrs Whimble's tea for her cats anyway? No one. Not even Ivan. So we snip-snipped and here we are.

I combined it with a longer scene in the kitchen, cutting out a good deal of small talk—who wants to hear about Mrs Whimble's tea for her cats anyway? No one. Not even Ivan. So we snip-snipped and here we are. Dedicated to FallingStxrs for the votes last week! I was so encouraged by those. xx

Dedicated to FallingStxrs FallingStxrs for the votes last week! I was so encouraged by those. xx Comment and Vote if you liked it.

Comment and Vote if you liked it. Next update; next Tuesday.

Maybe next Wednesday since I am booked for the weekend and don't want to stress too much about updates.

Next update; next Tuesday.

Maybe next Wednesday since I am booked for the weekend and don't want to stress too much about updates. Thanks for your patience! <3

Thanks for your patience! <3





10. Smoke and Mirrors


That night, Ivan woke to a scream. His first thought was William; his second—where was Lianne?





Curt was at his side before he sat up. "From next door, Beta," he reported. "I can confirm it's the Miss, but I sense no other presence besides Miss Betsy and the child."

Ivan tore the sheets off his body and stumbled over a cat, yanking on his suspenders.

Across the matted, oily carpet of the landing, he found himself at her door. Still locked.

Ivan pounded on the red paint, a grey-blue in the dark. "Miss Finn?" he called. "Miss Finn, it's Ivan."

Across the hall, he heard Mr Martinez bolt his door shut.

There was another scream from the flat; less shrill and more angry, but it still scraped up his bones like panic. Curt was behind him, shifting his weight on his feet, nervous. Thomas was off and out for the night.

Ivan pounded on the door again. "Miss?" Ivan said, "I will break down the door." Another knock, "Miss Betsy? Are you in there?"

All his senses were reaching through the door. He could hear Lianne's breathing, heavy and through clenched teeth; could smell her scent all twisted with fear, and Miss Betsy and the child. There was a shuffle inside and then the sound of locks clicking.

Ivan stepped back, relief taking the edge off his alarm.

The locks took longer than they should have. Three bolts, one chain, two keys.

When the door finally opened, the chain was still in place and Miss Betsy watched them warily through the crack. Helene was on her hip and the child watched the wolves with curiosity, a finger in her mouth. Apparently the screams and struggles for breath inside were too common to cry about.

"May I come in?" Ivan asked, forcing himself to relax back on the heels of his feet. There was another smell now, a more sulphur-sour stench crawling over the carpet like roots. The smell wasn't William, but it tasted like fire and death.

Betsy glanced behind her to Lianne's bedroom. "No, you can't," she said. "The Lady said you couldn't."

Ivan bowed his head to her, all gentleness. "If this has to do with William—"

Lianne spoke from inside, as if to someone in the room with her. Her voice was whipped into a fury that swelled between her heavy breaths, "Two dreams in one night, eh? Well, you touch that baby and I'll kill you."

Ivan frowned. "If it's about William, then I really ought to—"

"It's not, then, sir," Betsy said, rushed. She resituated the child on her hip. "It's just a demon, sir. Making nightly rounds."

Curt stilled behind Ivan.

"A demon," Ivan repeated; he tried to remain skeptical, but the hair on the back of his neck prickled. "On nightly rounds."

"Yes," Betsy sounded nervous. "What with no moon and all."

A great crash came from inside, something large toppling to the floor. The child startled and Betsy flinched.

Lianne laughed at the sound, a hollow, mean laugh. "Oh, I don't cow so easy." Her voice was just as cold; he could almost see her eyes flinting like hate in the dark. "I know your kind. And I won't let you leave until you explain the second dream to me."

That sulphur smell intensified, slipping like a rope down Ivan's throat so quickly he grimaced.

Betsy turned back to them, a line of sweat dampening her brow. "You should go now."



Curt covered his nose, "What in the—"

But he was cut off by a popping, gnarlish voice from inside; somewhere between a rasp and a whine. "Lady, lady. We both know it doesn't work that way," it said.

It projected into the hall with a scratching, popping noise that sounded eerily like Lianne's scraggly gramophone. Did demons possess cogs and gears and needles?

"Don't mock me." Lianne spat at the voice; Ivan heard the cocking of a gun. "This is my home, my territory. And I compel you to answer. How does one womb carry the bleeding of thousands?"

The gramophone scratched and hiccupped; a laugh that sounded like a rat clawing through pipes.

Helene didn't cry, just buried her face in her mother's neck. Betsy's fingers shook slightly as she ran a hand over her daughter's curls, giving the wolves an almost apologetic look. "It must be very strong for us to hear it. Generally, it's just her."

The gramophone rewound, then screeched its mocking voice again. Betsy covered Helene's ears and Curt stepped back. "All these years, Lady, and you still haven't figured it out?" the laugh screeched again, this time the sound stitched from the record's arias and choirs. "Sometimes I wonder why you were chosen."

"Chosen for what? Damn it!" Lianne cried. "Tell me!"

The laugh was high-pitched and wailing; shrieking and deranged.

Two gunshots sounded; the first with a crunch, the second with a shatter. The laughter puttered out, wilting like a cut stem.

"Enough," Lianne said into the quiet, as if to herself. "I'm done."

The sulphur smell swelled like an ocean, angry and churning. Ivan felt sick with it.

When Lianne spoke, her voice was changed. It swelled like a cloud gathering its rain and spilled over the ceiling, pressing through all the doors and walls and windows. "You are trespassing," she said, her voice resonating so clearly it might as well have been a breath in his face.

The sulphur smell suddenly recoiled, folding in on itself like a boxer taking a hit. It reeked of corpses and sewers and rot all at once, each smell so tangible, Ivan felt he was chewing on it. Curt gagged.

"Be gone, then," Lianne's strong voice said. "I purge my mind, my space, my people of your presence." There was the sound of scattering grains. Salt, probably. "And do not return."

Ivan didn't feel anything, really, but he could have sworn a wind pushed through the flat at her words. It consolidated all that smelling stuff into a ball, churning it until it fell through Miss Finn's door and out into the hall. Until it stood right next to Ivan.

Which was ridiculous. There was no movement on his skin, no shadow slipping up the light. But Ivan felt a presence, standing there, right outside her door.

Curt took a careful step back. "Hell and all her demons," he muttered, crossing himself.

At his movement, the creature looked at the kid. Somehow, Ivan just knew eyes were there, watching in that empty space. Evil eyes that smelt of death and smiles and pain.

Ivan reached out slow and grabbed Curt's wrist, drawing the demon's attention to himself. Ivan thought he saw something that time, a strange fold in the space as the thing turned to him.

His eyes tried to follow the movement, but only found his own reflection in the hall window, wide-eyed and painted in full detail in the dark night behind.

Then, like a puppet with cut strings, his reflection moved. Ivan didn't. But his reflection's lips slowly curved into a grin.

"Ivan, Ivan." His reflection's lips formed the words of that same raspy voice, as oily as the stench Ivan felt coating his lungs. "I have always wanted to meet you," the creature in the window said.



Ivan stepped back, but the reflection kept smiling like a garish painting on the wall. And then, like a tear in the canvas, his lips began to split up his cheeks; the skin peeling away to the jaw and teeth below.

"You look so much like William did," his reflection told him. The slit-gaping, gory mouth opened and closed unnaturally to the words. "I'd bet you'd taste better though. Nothing tastes sweeter than self-hate. Almost sweeter than the hope you've brought our Lady." The reflection's tongue swept out of its gaping mouth and licked the rot forming on the skin. Ivan somehow knew the flesh tasted like the sulphur decay he was breathing.

Watching his reflection—beginning to eat himself, itself—Ivan found he couldn't move, couldn't speak, couldn't breathe. Like the strings to his body had been cut too. The stench and windowpane became all he could see, taste, smell; it was all he was.

His reflection continued to rot, his left eye sinking into the skull, the skin drooping like clay in rain. "We'll have you yet, beast," it said with that smile. "We will have you yet."

"I said, be gone." Lianne's voice came like a slap of fresh air, tearing through the sticky web of the reek.

The sallow-sour air buckled. Ivan staggered like someone had had him by the shoulders and let go. There was a hiss; then the smell, voice and creature was gone. Air rushed back into the room.

Ivan sagged back against the railing of the stairs. Lianne was standing where Miss Betsy had been, in the crack of the door. Her dark eyes were quiet and eerily reflective in the dim light of the landing.

Ivan pulled himself up for a bow, breathing hard. "Miss Finn."

She watched him. "What are you doing here?"

"You were screaming."

She gave him an odd look. "Demons like to scare you. This one was no different."

"You said... who was it threatening to hurt? The, the bleeding womb?"

She leaned against the doorjamb, and while she clenched her teeth, she suddenly looked exhausted. "That is none of your business, Mr. Ivan. I shouldn't have engaged anyway." Her eyes caught on Curt, who had sagged against the far wall, eyes as white as death. "You should stay in Mrs Whimbles," Lianne said. "It's warded like mine."

Ivan wiped some of the sweat from the back of his neck. "They won't get me again," he promised. And they wouldn't; he wouldn't be caught off guard like that a second time. Though, hell. He really needed to consult a priest.

Did priests even handle this stuff?

Lianne's lips pursed a little. "It doesn't work that way. Unfortunately, you don't choose when they 'get you'," she said, her voice bitter. "You'd best watch yourself, wolf. You don't know the waters you swim in." Then she shut the door.

Curt whimpered from the wall, a pitiful sound. He smelled of fear that boarded on feral. The pup must have fought his own battle.

"Come, pup. It's alright now," Ivan said, moving to the boy's side.

Curt was shaking. "That, that thing. I-it said..."

Ivan put a hand to the back of Curt's neck—the kid was sweating too; his skin hot, the sweat cold. "There now, pup."

"It said I was feral." Curt looked up to him, his heart beating fast. The earthy musk of wolf began to cloud the air around them. Curt was so frightened, his heart was pushing his whole body to rend into his wolf form on the landing.

"No, pup. Hey," Ivan said gently. He leaned in and pressed the side of his face to Curt's, letting the pup's nose brush his neck. Ivan took in a deep breath, held it for a moment, then let it out. Curt tried to copy the breathing pattern, his exhale shaky on the bare skin of Ivan's chest.

Ivan stayed close for ten breaths. It was a practise commonly done within packs. One stood close enough to feel the heart of a brother, and breathed for them. In and out, in and out, until the beast finally settled down.

Curt gradually stopped shaking, breathing in his Beta's scent. The familiarity of it slowly unwound the tension under the pup's skin. Ivan felt his own heart settle a beat slower; the sulphur smell peeling away like a bad dream.

"I'm not feral," Curt said, as small and skittish as prey. "I won't go feral."

"No. You won't, Curt. You're fine now," Ivan said.

Curt's file was classified, so Thomas only knew half the story. The pup was of a feral lineage. Everyone in his family had suffered the eventual put-down. Curt had felt the beast coming on too quick some years ago; and tried to kill himself. Not once, but twice. He had been twelve at the time.

"Let's go inside, eh?" Ivan said. He pulled back and ruffled the pup's hair. "Get us some of Mrs Whimble's god-damned awful tea."

Curt nodded. Something in him still trembled like a thread about to snap.

Ivan bent his head to catch Curt's eye; they were glassy, so Ivan smiled soft. "That thing spoke to me too," Ivan told him, confidentially.

The glassy eyes flared with loyal zeal. "But you'd never go feral, Beta."

"I wouldn't say that," Ivan laughed softly. His eye slipped back to the window, where his own reflection had peeled the skin off his face and laughed at him. "But that's not what it told me. They play off your worst fear, it seems."

"What's yours, Beta?" Curt asked, eyes wide and trusting. Once the question was out, he apologised and bared his throat. "That was presumptuous of me, Beta."

"No, no." Ivan brushed a hand over the pup's arm, but kept his eye on the window. Some irrational fear squeezed his heart in alarm, afraid the man in the window would twist that horrible grin at him again. "It told me I looked like William," Ivan said eventually, tilting his head to the side and watching his reflection do the same.

Ivan turned away and laughed at Curt's frown. "Your fears sound as ridiculous to me as mine do to you, pup."

Curt's frown deepened. "But mine are based in real-life... problems."

Ivan gently herded the pup back into Mrs Whimble's apartment. "So are mine, pup."

Ivan closed the door behind them, but leaned against the wood, listening.

He hadn't heard Lianne turn the locks yet. Whether she waited for their own safety or to eavesdrop, Ivan didn't know.

A thought occurred to him and he turned the lone key in Mrs Whimble's door. As if that click was what she had been waiting for, all five locks across the hall were methodically closed and checked.

Ivan waited another moment, then unlocked the door again with a quiet turn of the key. If Lianne screamed again, a lock would only slow them down.





_________________________

So... a little intense, I know. It'll be like that for a while now. Tea-drinking days are coming to a close, Ivan.

Seeing as Mrs Whimble's tea is actually a medicinal brew for her cats, this is probably for the better. We need him alive so we can finish this story. (...right?) ^._.^

So... a little intense, I know. It'll be like that for a while now. Tea-drinking days are coming to a close, Ivan.

Seeing as Mrs Whimble's tea is actually a medicinal brew for her cats, this is probably for the better. We need him alive so we can finish this story. (...right?) ^._.^ Thanks to the title suggestion Lucy love! <3

Thanks to the title suggestion Lucy love! <3 Dedicated to LadyLuna4eva for all the votes last week. Thanks for taking the time out of your day to give my story a little peek! xxx <3

Dedicated to LadyLuna4eva LadyLuna4eva for all the votes last week. Thanks for taking the time out of your day to give my story a little peek! xxx <3 Next update; next Tuesday.



Next update; next Tuesday.

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3





11. Sardines and Wine


Ivan gave Curt the day off once Thomas was back. If he was honest, Ivan could have used the day off himself. Lianne's smell was becoming more of a taste; a familiar touch inside his mouth when he breathed. He tried eating a few sardines to wash it down and let Curt go to confession like he asked. The sardines didn't help.





Thomas, of course, claimed not to believe them about the night before.

"We have stories about demons from our altars too. It's not a strictly this-side thing," Ivan said. He'd given up on his paperwork just as he'd given up on the sardines and was reading a magazine he'd found on Mrs Whimble's sagging coffee table.

Thomas was doing push-ups in the light from the balcony. Ivan couldn't decide if the brawler had positioned himself in that little box of sun to work up a sweat or to allow the sunlight to catch in the dips and rivets of his dark bronze skin. Either one was effective.

"Not where I come from," Thomas insisted. His push-ups were still coming to him as easy as breath. "Demons were bedtime stories to make you scared of the dark."

"Well, they sure as hell did that last night," Ivan said. "Then you never heard of the Demons of the Beast?"

"What, the legion of demons the Devil set aside to take down wolves?" Thomas scoffed.

"Don't laugh too hard," Ivan said. "If I was the devil, I'd dedicate a legion to beasts. Wolves would be too strong without something plaguing us."

Thomas stopped a few inches from the ground. "Do I look plagued to you?"

The look he gave Ivan was carefree and mocking, but the collar was wrapped around his neck like the coil of a snake.

Thomas saw where Ivan's eyes drifted and clicked his tongue, annoyed. "Well, Beta. If you say there's demons, there's demons then." He meant to sound patronizing, but his voice twinged wary.

Thomas paused in his ascent, those big muscles holding him two thirds of the way up. Ivan expected some severe thought on demons, but Thomas wrinkled his nose instead. "I lost count again. Where was I?"

"Two hundred some-odd, I think," Ivan answered dryly.

Thomas sighed and carried on. "It's boring without my weights," he complained. Ivan had prohibited any sort of jumping and clapping between exercises—it made the whole building shake.

"Mmm," Ivan sympathised, returning to his magazine. The pages of Big Cats Around the World suffered from the same neglect as Mrs Whimble's desk. Mildew spread spotted veins through the paper and Ivan could smell cat's pee on it that probably dated as far back as the print itself.

Big Cats Around the World Surprising the both of them, there was a timid knock at the door. Thomas looked to Ivan, confused, but didn't stop his two hundred and seventh push up.

Ivan couldn't smell anything but cat, mould and fish oil.

The knock came again, a little louder but just as hesitant. Ivan closed the magazine and set it back on the table.

The door opened to the smell of Lianne, washing down the fish oil in Ivan's mouth like a swig of summer wine. Ivan caught himself before he breathed too deep.

But it wasn't frizzy curls and dark skin that he saw; it was merely Miss Betsy, tall and willowy and nervous.

Ivan blinked and Lianne's smell sunk to the background. Betsy's scent and the flat's flowers and the hall's cigarette smoke threaded back together like a curtain. He could still smell Lianne, on Betsy's skin and in her hair, but it was nowhere near as strong as it had been a moment before—as strong as if he'd been looking for it.



Damn.

"Mr- Mr Ivan, sir?" Betsy said, anxious.

Over her scent was the smell of a late-night perfume that left a chemical taste on the roof of Ivan's mouth. Her dress was a flashy faux silk that cut in a low dip at her chest. She was trying to hide all that soft white skin the neckline revealed with a grey shawl. And she'd misinterpreted Ivan's brief distraction with Lianne as shock or interest.

"Forgive me, Miss." Ivan sketched a bow, but kept his eyes gentle and on her face. She held the shawl to her throat like it was a noose. "Would you like to come in?"

"Uh." She cringed and shuffled back a step, as if his polite eyes made her feel worse. "No." Her blush was pink next to the deep burgundy of the dress.

"How may I be of assistance, then?" Ivan asked.

Her expression recomposed itself into determination. "I am not supposed to be here, really," she told him, tightening her grip on the shawl. "But I am here for the Lady. I am going out tonight to... visit my mum."

No one wore perfume like that to visit their mother.

Betsy licked her lips and hurried on. "Well, there's barely a moon tonight and her dreams have been sticking to her more than usual. She hasn't even left the house." She pressed her lips together, trying to keep her words from revealing too much.

"Is today not her day off?" Ivan prompted. He brushed a touch of his influence over her nerves, promising her he was trustworthy.

"In a way. They don't let her in when there's no moon—too many work accidents. But in general if she dreams about..." She glanced away, editing her words even under his influence. "About anyone in particular, she goes to the altar to light a candle on their behalf. This time, she just sent Jess when she came to get Helene. Lady must have looked real bad because Jess—she hates altars—went to light a candle for the MacKay family in her stead."

"Who are the MacKays?" Ivan asked, his voice a gentle invitation.

"A family the Lady prayed for a few years ago. They've a son now," Betsy explained. The push of his influence made telling him a relief.

Ivan nodded reassuringly. "She is worried about them, then?"

"Probably dreamt of the child's death or, if Meg MacKay is pregnant, then a miscarriage." Betsy frowned at her words, unable to see where they'd come from. "Meg's husband beats her, so I wouldn't be surprised if she lost another baby."

Ivan let his influence return to him. He was foolish to use it anyway. The MacKays had nothing to do with Will. Using interrogation tactics because of some dream, or a scent, or a woman too tired to leave her room—ridiculous. Shameful, really.

"So you're going out tonight." Ivan looped the conversation back and gave her one last touch of influence to make it feel natural.

"Yes. And I don't want to leave her. Demons feed on fear and, even though she knows it, she's scared to be alone."

"I see."

"And I'm, I'm afraid that beast William might be visiting her tonight. What with him so close and the demons so bad." She eyed him, as if to confirm Will's proximity.

Ivan nodded noncommittally.

With a frown at her own decision, Betsy reached into her bodice. Ivan looked to the ceiling. She withdrew a ring of keys and held it out for him. "Just in case. If, if you hear her calling."

Surprised, Ivan took the keys, still warm from her skin, and bowed to her. "Thank you, Miss. Your trust will not be wasted."

"Sure," she said, adjusting her shawl at her throat.



"Anything else I should know?" Ivan asked when she didn't move.

She looked at him askance. "If he comes, I generally just tell her he's in her head. If she stops paying attention to him, he leaves. He's rarely... there enough to do much else but gloat."

Ivan wondered how helpful relegating Will to her mind really was. But what did he know of demon portals or the unseen realm? "Can you see him when he comes?" Ivan asked.

"Yes."

Last night's demon laughed at him from his memory. 'You look so much like William did.'

'You look so much like William did.' "What does he look like, may I ask?" Ivan said. His influence leaked out of him again, but Ivan reigned it back in and tightened his grip on the door.

Betsy crossed herself. "Like a beast straight from the womb of hell."

Ivan watched her shudder her shawl more tightly about her shoulders.

She shook her head and brushed a stray red-yellow curl behind her ear. "It's just a precaution. But all the same, I thank you."

"Of course." Ivan bowed, hesitating for a moment before he straightened. "Miss. If you ever need a job. For better money and, less... hands." He grimaced at his own words. "White Pine I am sure has work. Humans practically run the Pack Offices in some sectors."

Betsy smiled, her lips pink and chapped. "You're kind," she said, amused. "But I can't read, sir. Much less write or do numbers. There's only one thing I can do on a desk for the Royal Wolves. And it sure as hell's not accounting.''

There was a loud thud from inside Mrs Whimble's, Thomas tripping over his own push-ups.

Ivan ignored the pup and bowed again to Miss Betsy. "The offer stands, Miss. No desks involved."

She shook her head, the smile a little sad now. Her eyes found Ivan's hand wrapped around the key loop and the smile faded. "Only use them if you need it, mind."

Ivan's fingers tightened on the serrated edges of the keys. "Of course, Miss."

And she left, her dress spilling like wine down the stairs.

Ivan closed the door to the apartment to find Thomas in the kitchen, his gold-skin a beet red as he gulped down water from Mrs Whimble's cat mug.

Ivan smirked. "Those muscles finally give out on you?"

Thomas coughed, and wiped a big hand over his black stubbled lip.

"You should shower," Ivan said, setting Miss Finn's keys on the table. "You smell worse than the cat's litter box."

Thomas eyed the keys. Ivan made sure he didn't linger a touch on the warm metal, or on how much better he felt just for having them. Thomas glanced up at Ivan, silently asking if they were going to talk about William or the street-cheap smell of Miss Betsy's perfume.

Ivan's eyes must have said they weren't because Thomas refilled his mug and cast a dirty look to the tiny bathroom. A cat lounged like royalty in the sink, swishing its tail in a smug curl. "I can't fit in that shower," Thomas grumbled.

"That doesn't excuse you from common hygiene," Ivan insisted, leaving the keys on the table.

He sent a message to Curt through the pack bond, a skill only wolves of higher rank had. " Be in the area tonight if we need you."

Be in the area tonight if we need you." Curt was still being trained in how to respond, so Ivan wasn't surprised when he only got a wordless and vague sense of assured obedience from the pup. Curt couldn't yet think his response in clear-cut terms so Ivan got a flash of the reek of sulphur and of fear mixed in with confusion.



Ivan sat himself down at the table to finish his reports. He spared Curt an extra thought, "It's William, not demons, we're watching for tonight."





"It's William, not demons, we're watching for tonight."





It was hours and hours later, the sun so far gone the cats crawled from their hiding places to stalk the flat on silent paws. Ivan had abandoned his paperwork yet again, made himself some tea that only reminded him how much he missed his-side coffee and sat back down before that big, black folder.

He opened it, but left the files alone. On top of the photographs and documents was a handkerchief, stained with the smell of dried blood and Lianne. He hadn't cleaned it; it seemed to fit into the file as it was, warped with dry gore. He sat there until his tea went cold.

Then Alpha's voice pressed into his mind, cutting off thought. " Tatiana's lost the pup," his voice said.

Tatiana's lost the pup," Ivan had been so lost in thought about William that his first emotion was a rush of white hot anger and hate. His hand tightened on the mug, as if another miscarriage was Will's fault too.

Ivan checked the emotion and set everything he hated about William to the side.

The pup, gone. And when a luna lost a pup, the ramifications for a pack were detrimental. This was her fourth loss. Ivan let his grief swell through the pack bond.

He was surprised when it was shoved back at him.

"And it wasn't mine," came Alpha's voice again in his mind, angry and hurt and dangerous.

"And it wasn't mine," Ivan was standing before Alpha gave the word.

"Get here, Beta." And then, "I might hurt her."

"Get here, Beta." "I might hurt her." Ivan stripped out of his shirt on his way to the bedroom.

"Thomas," he called, undoing his suspenders.

The wolf didn't rouse. "Thomas!" He added a lace of command to his voice and Thomas shot out of bed so quick he hit his head on the lamp dangling from the ceiling.

With a curse, he staggered blearily in Ivan's direction. "What? What?"

"I'll call Curt, you both are on watch. Keys are on the table if Miss Finn starts calling."

"I, uh, hell. What? Where you going?" Thomas untangled the sheets from his legs and slapped them back on the bed. A cat darted from under the footboard.

"The pack needs me," was all Ivan said. He stripped out of his undershirt and was going for his trousers when the scream came through the wall.

It was worse than the night before. Piercing, like a knife to the stomach, and followed by a round of coughing sobs, the scream choking into tears. Ivan felt every hair on his arm raise.

"You can't leave," Thomas said, his eyes wide and his big hands fisting. "You can't leave me with that."

"Just get in there and comfort her," Ivan growled, unbuttoning the trousers and yanking them off.

He shifted forms, and in wolf-skin, he could hear Lianne's breath scraping her throat between sobs. "Not tonight, please." Her voice sounded so small. "Please. Just leave me alone."

The animal in him whimpered and twisted, panicked at her distress. He stamped it down and bared his teeth at Thomas. "Keep her safe ," he ordered, backing his big wolf body out the door. His hind legs hit the coffee table and his presence sent cats scuttling under every inch of furniture, green discs of eyes watching his every move.

"Keep her safe He didn't trust himself to leave through the front door. If he caught William's scent in the hall, he must just pound through Lianne's flat instead. So, with a leap to the balcony's edge, he lunged with all his might to the roof across the way. He cleared the laundry lines that laced the street by a good five meters. And, running like the devil was after him, he raced over the roofs to the bridge that crossed the river.





__________________________

Next stop: the illusive and wealthy other side of the river!

Next stop: the illusive and wealthy other side of the river! Can I just gripe for a min on how many times I have written Betsy as 'Besty', Ivan as 'Ian' and Thomas as 'Thoams'? lol

It really changes the vibe of a scene.

Can I just gripe for a min on how many times I have written Betsy as 'Besty', Ivan as 'Ian' and Thomas as 'Thoams'? lol

It really changes the vibe of a scene. Best title suggestion yet came from my sister -- "11. Abs and Adultery"

Anyone think I should change it?

Best title suggestion yet came from my sister -- "11. Abs and Adultery"

Anyone think I should change it? Next Update, Next Tuesday.

Next Update, Next Tuesday. Comment and Vote if you liked it! xx





Comment and Vote if you liked it! xx





A little outtake if you're interested:

When our Besty Betsy sees Thomas looming shirtless and glorious behind Ivan in the door.

A little outtake if you're interested:

When our Besty Betsy sees Thomas looming shirtless and glorious behind Ivan in the door. Betsy's eyes caught a glimpse of something behind Ivan and widened. Ivan glanced over his shoulder to find Thoams [A/N: see what I mean?!] looming just beyond the entry, glowing in the evening light like muscle plated in pure gold. The black coil of the collar gave all that leashed strength an edge of vicious. Ivan raised a brow that encouraged the pup to return to his rug of grey string and cat-piss. Thomas [who's Thomas?] obeyed.

Betsy's eyes caught a glimpse of something behind Ivan and widened. Ivan glanced over his shoulder to find Thoams looming just beyond the entry, glowing in the evening light like muscle plated in pure gold. The black coil of the collar gave all that leashed strength an edge of vicious. Ivan raised a brow that encouraged the pup to return to his rug of grey string and cat-piss. Thomas obeyed. I's be needing me a Thoams. That's all I got to say.

I's be needing me a Thoams. That's all I got to say.





12. Bourbon and Red


Trigger warning: this chapter contains descriptions that might be difficult for people who have experienced miscarriages or abortions. Please read at your own discretion. A summary will be provided at the end of this update if needed.

Trigger warning: this chapter contains descriptions that might be difficult for people who have experienced miscarriages or abortions. Please read at your own discretion. A summary will be provided at the end of this update if needed. Once his side of the river, Ivan slunk up a hotel fire escape and kept to the roofs to avoid the main plazas. There were too many people there who liked the feel of a wolf's soft pelt under their gloved fingers as he passed, and the main plazas always had some sort of party underway. Ivan could smell the perfume and flavoured smoke even up here, eight stories high and soaring from roof to roof over their heads.





They drifted in steady currents from the bars to the tram cars to the hotel lobbies and back again. The long windows of the buildings stretched down like mirrors, reflecting the light of the street lamps in such a complex web, Ivan doubted the partygoers even remembered the hour. Caught in the glass flute of their plaza, they moved as carefree as champagne, alive and sparkling and golden-pink.

Someone gasped and pointed up. "Moon pelt!" they cried, and a gaggle of Beltan's finest raised their opera glasses to painted eyes. A few clapped appreciatively as he flew over their heads.

A maid on top of the Pink Elephant Hotel nearly fell in her bucket of wash as Ivan landed next to her. He bowed his head in apology and kept running.

Two more plazas, three streets down and, there:

The Pack of the White Pined Woods

The Pack of the White Pined Woods Offices

Offices "Beta!" the receptionist said, surprised as she scrambled off the lap of a wolf in her chair. She tugged her skirts back down over her black lace stockings and blushed brighter than the lipstick smeared on her cheek.

The wolf sprawled in her chair saw him, choked on his own sated smile and pushed himself to his feet. "Beta, I—"

Ivan turned his great white flank on them and moved towards the elevator. Not willing to wait, he banged his shoulder into the door to the stairs and leapt up a flight.

"Mother of all that's holy." Ivan heard the wolf mutter to the lady.

"He's been gone ages now." The receptionist sounded as awed herself.

Ivan ran up and up the cold marble stairs. Alpha's suite was on the top floor, and Ivan's own below that. They had barracks in the woods, with no stairs or elevators or human receptionists, but their Luna had always preferred the city life. Ivan never understood why.

The final floor had a thick wooden door, reinforced with silver bolts and lining. It opened as soon as Ivan's paws hit the landing.

"Shift," Alpha commanded, tossing a pair of cotton trousers at him.

Ivan bared his throat in greeting and obeyed, shoving one leg and then the other in the trousers and tying them off with the drawstring.

"In," Alpha growled.

Ivan didn't flinch as he ducked inside to shut the door.

The place was a mess. Ivan never really liked the alpha's quarters. Red carpets; pink, plush furnishings; dark, gold-lined paneling on the walls. It was somehow both too dark and too bright at once, which left Ivan feeling stifled if he stayed too long.

But that night, the pink cushions were torn to shreds and the carpet was sodden and sparkling with bourbon and broken glass, and the thick gold curtains had been drawn to block out the moonless night, so only a fire from the hearth offered a smudgy light.

The fire's orange glow didn't flatter his alpha any more than it flattered his pink-red furnishings. Alpha's shirt was undone at the top to dark hair on his chest; his jaw was unshaven, his brown hair loose down his neck in a mane of knots and kinks. He was a Brawler breed, like Thomas, so two of Ivan's shoulder widths could fit in Alpha's one. Those big shoulders were tight with anger, his too-long arms coiled with muscle that pulsed for a target.



"She's in there," Alpha snarled, gesturing to the bedroom on Ivan's left.

Ivan nodded, slow. "Should I help her or you?" he asked in an even tone.

His huge shoulders hunched and Alpha staggered to a pink armchair. He sat and fisted his hands in his wild hair. "Her," he said, his voice bleeding jealousy and hate and regret.

Ivan hesitated, on the balls of his feet. He eased his heels back into the plush carpet and took a deep breath. Under the smell of bourbon and sweat, he could smell blood and the babe, dead. He held all the smells for a moment and tried to lace his voice with a calm powerful enough to mask them all. "We'll get through this, Alpha."

His calm barely reached the clawed foot of the armchair and Alpha looked up at him, tortured and angry. Ivan shook his head, letting his influence fall flat between them. He hoped at least his voice was honest. "You're strong enough for this. She is too. This- this isn't the end."

Alpha's lip curled and he clutched the armrest as his claws extended in a partial shift. With a growl, he gestured Ivan to the bedroom door.

The bedroom was wrecked too. But it was a different sort of destruction: all the sheets and the pillows out of place, the curtains torn off their wracks, the books run off their shelves.

"Luna?" Ivan tried, stepping around the books. He could smell her, the blood and even some vomit in the bathroom. "It's Ivan."

There was a strangled breath. "Don't call me that," a voice choked bitterly. "I'm no Luna."

She was draped over the gold-rimmed bathtub. All that silken, golden hair strung over her arms and down the pink of her robe. The robe was stained with red around her legs, which were sprawled limp on the floor. Blood was drying on her slim white hands, on her ankles. But it still glimmered wet and clotted on the white tile of the floor.

The light from the ceiling was too bright and white, but Tatiana didn't care. She looked at him with eyes that had lost all the life in them.

Ivan's heart ached at the sight. "Oh, Luna," he said.

The brown-green eyes flickered and her lip trembled. "You're the only one who calls me that, you know?"

He lowered into a crouch before her, slow and careful, the tiles cold on his feet.

She moved an arm, pained and slow, to cinch her robe closed; she was naked underneath. "I hate that title."

Ivan shook his head. "I know, Luna." He looked around. "The pup?"

Her chin quivered and she swallowed, hard. She tried for the cold, bitter voice again, but her words broke. "Flushed down. The toilet." She turned her head away as the tears fell. "Just a little ball of blood, really," she said. "Not a pup."

Ivan nodded.

"Smaller than a coin," she continued, her face twisting awfully. "But he smelt me out anyway."

"Let's wash you up. May I draw you a bath?"

She shook her head. "I just want to die here. Thank you."

Ivan stood and gingerly moved around her to the sink. He wet a hand towel and mopped down the red fingerprints on the white porcelain. He turned to wipe down the toilet, and felt his chest crush and cave at his own grief. A pup in a pack was sacred, no matter who the father.

"If it wasn't his, then it was human." Tatiana said, watching Ivan hesitate at the blood on the basin. "Not a pup at all."

"Doesn't mean it should be grieved any less," Ivan told her, starting at the top of the toilet.



He heard a sniffle behind him, but was careful not to look. Luna continued, "I thought it was him, all this time. A beast," her voice skewed with hate, "unable to spawn. That's not why I slipped out of his bed, though. So don't think that. I wasn't looking for someone else's kid."

Ivan refolded the towel, the smell of death and blood sticking to the back of his mouth.

"I only thought.... everyone blamed me as Luna. Well, I never wanted to be Luna. I just, just thought if I had to be a mate to a wolf, might as well go for the top. A wolf so well-known must be nice. I didn't know a thing about being a Luna."

"I know," Ivan said. But he didn't really. He just didn't think he should hear anymore. "I know."

"But you don't. Pretty and young only gets you so far. I told myself that the reason I couldn't carry a pup wasn't me, it was him. But then he had a pup with that slut Alexandra."

"Luna, please," Ivan said, grabbing another towel for the blood on the floor. "I shouldn't be hearing this."

"And now I just lost this one," she said, her voice shrilling higher. She went to cover her eyes with her hands, but got caught on the sight of dried blood. "Even my own baby doesn't want me," she said. "I don't even want me. How could he still want me?" She looked up, eyes asking him for an answer.

Ivan didn't try to answer. Words felt as empty and dry as ash. He gently reached for her hands.

As slow as an apology, he rubbed the towel over her fingers, wiping the blood away on the white cotton. She watched him clean her, her look hollow again. "I thought he was going to hurt me tonight," she said.

Ivan turned her hands over.

"Why didn't he?" she asked.

"Has he ever?" Ivan said.

She knew he knew the answer, but shook her head anyway.

Ivan sighed and stood, gently lifting the lady to her feet. He took most of her weight. "Because he's a good man, Tatiana," Ivan said, holding her gaze.

"Man? Ha!" She shoved him away, her expression contorting so suddenly, spit strung from one tooth to the other. "He's a monster!" she yelled.

Ivan, surprised, stumbled some, so he was slow to catch her when she tumbled towards the tub.

"I never wanted to be a mate. No never, never, never!" She lashed out, clawing her nails across his chest. He wrapped his arms around her to keep her from flailing too much and she arched her neck over his shoulder. "If I ever had that neglectful slut of an alpha's mutts in my belly, I'd kill them myself!" she shrieked to the rest of the suite.

There was a roar from the other room, then yet another shatter and crash of glass and furniture.

Threatening a pup was sacrilege, so even Ivan, with the smell her blood and pain fresh in the air, felt his arms tighten around her in anger. He checked a growl in his throat, but before he could reprimand her, she sagged against him and wept.

She wasn't right in the head, Ivan realised. And pity pricked him like a nail to the heart.

Compassion was an odd thing for wolves: if they stood too close to pain, they felt it within their own bodies. So as Ivan turned her around to hold her while she cried, he felt his heart drop right out of him, and all he could feel was an emptiness drying where his organs used to be. It felt... so lonely. Like his own self had left him.

The woman's body had held two souls within herself for weeks and now, with one torn out, was left with whatever remained of her own. Inside, Luna was a tomb of cold and sticky darkness.



Ivan couldn't even swallow his emotion enough for a prayer. So he let his arms gentle around her, cocooning her in his warmth, his strength, and hoped that communicated some sort of presence.

When he spoke, his voice was raw. "Come now, in the bath." He tucked an arm under her legs, picked her up and eased her into the tub.

Ivan held her forward to peel the sticky robe from her back, murmuring soft, gentle things. He kept his eyes away from her nakedness and gently tucked her in a fresh towel. "Never mind if it gets wet," he told her. "The bleeding won't stop for a while yet."

"I know." Her voice, shut away somewhere in that tomb, came out a rasp. Her long fingers curled around the hem of the towel at her chest.

"We'll let the water run then," Ivan said, lifting her one last time to slip the robe from under her long legs. He moved instinctively to put the soiled fabric down the Pack laundry shoot but caught himself. A luna's miscarriage always rippled through the other pack pregnancies, and Alpha wouldn't be able to handle the mass panic just yet. He put it in the trash instead.

Ivan used the shower head to rinse off her legs. Impartial, humble hands ran over her calves and thighs for the dry patches. She still didn't move. As if the yelling and tears had wrung her dry of all thought and feeling.

"I will be calling your sister now," Ivan said tenderly, hooking her sticky hair with his finger and brushing it behind her ear. "She'll come and—"

Her hand shot out of the pooling water and wrapped around his wrist like a vice. "No, God, no. Don't leave me."

Ivan gave her hand a squeeze, but disentangled himself from her to adjust the temperature. "Your sister will be here as soon as she can. She can help more than I."

Tatiana moaned, the tears trickling again. She leaned her head on the rim of the tub and grasped for a pinch of Ivan's cotton trousers. "She hates wolves too, you know," she said, almost as bitter as before. "Thinks they're all monsters."

Ivan lowered her cold hand back into the hot tub. "That'll make two of you then," Ivan said, so mildly, he didn't think she'd catch it.

But she blinked. "I hurt your feelings," she said, stunned.

Ivan wiped away her new tears. "You just don't know what you're talking about."

"I didn't mean to hurt your feelings, Ivan, really, I just—" she was sitting up in the tub, but Ivan eased her back down.

"I shouldn't have said anything," he began, and meant it, but his apology was cut short as a voice came to him through the pack bond.

"She's awake now," came Curt's voice, garbled with lack of practise, but loud with panic. " Holy hell, Beta, she- she just shot Thomas! Damn. Come, please."

"She's awake now," Holy hell, Beta, she- she just shot Thomas! Damn. Come, please." Ivan's hand fisted on the bath's rim. "I have to go, Luna," he said. She began to cry in earnest.

Ivan crouched the side of the bath and lifted her chin to look her right in the eye. "I am sorry you have to live through this again. I will grieve for you and the pup and the pack. No matter what you say, that little body lived in you and you're ours, so that baby was ours too."

She whimpered, her chin wavering under his finger.

Ivan put his head to hers, temple to temple, and breathed for her. Once, twice. "Take heart, Luna. You're strong enough for this."

He stood to leave, and she sunk deeper in the water of the bath, her towel now soaked and pink. "You'll leave me here alone? With him?"

Ivan paused with his hand on the doorjamb. "Some wolves are monsters, Tatiana. But my alpha, your alpha— hell, Lewis. He sure isn't one. He's done things wrong, it's true. But you do him a disservice turning him into a beast in your head."

"Beta?" Curt's voice came again. "God, please hear me."

"Beta?" "God, please hear me." Ivan pushed out of the bathroom, stepped around the books and paused in the living room.

"I hear you," he answered Curt.

"I hear you," Alpha was standing at the window, sloshing some bourbon in a cracked glass. "Care for a drink?" he drawled, humourless.

"Miss Finn needs me," Ivan said. "May I have your permission to leave?"

Alpha's eyes flared back to life. "You'd leave me here?" he asked, just like his mate, gesturing to the dark room and the broken furniture.

Ivan shifted on his feet. "Alpha, please."

"Is it Cutting River?" Alpha said, his voice sharpening. He set the glass down.

Curt's voice came again. " There's something else here, Beta. I can feel it. Like last night, but... not. I can't sense anything else."

There's something else here, Beta. I can feel it. Like last night, but... not. I can't sense anything else." "I don't know," Ivan answered, honestly. " Hold tight. Don't engage unless it attacks you or the Lady."

Hold tight. Don't engage unless it attacks you or the Lady." Alpha was unbuttoning his shirt for a shift. "I'll go with you, you need backup and I need to get the hell out of here—"

"No." Ivan flinched at the interruption and bared his throat in an apology. He took to one knee. "Forgive me for saying so, Alpha, but you need to be here. Besides, Miss Finn is haunted by her past. It's probably just a nightmare." He hoped so anyway, but that hope now seemed more irrational than a demon prowling her halls.

Alpha growled and rolled his shoulders. "Leave then," he snapped.

Ivan stripped out of his trousers to shift, but a hand on his shoulder stopped him.

"How is she?" Alpha asked, soft.

Ivan nodded, slowly. "Not well, Alpha. Call her sister for her and... keep an ear to the door. Make sure she's still breathing."

Alpha recoiled. "She'd-- You mean...?"

Ivan bounced nervously on his feet. "I need to go, Alpha."

Alpha swallowed heavily, but nodded, waving a thick hand toward the door. "Get out of here, then."

Ivan wasted no time, flying back over the city like a streak of moonlight dressed in fur.





_______

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3 Next Update, Next Tuesday.





Next Update, Next Tuesday.





Summary:

Luna Tatiana (who hates the title Luna) has miscarried and Alpha Lewis is trying to quench his anger and grief about the loss and his Luna's infidelity with alcohol.

As Ivan helps Tatiana, Curt speaks to Ivan through the Pack bond to report something in the room with Miss Finn. And Lianne, in her alarm, has shot Thomas.

Ivan asks for a dismissal and runs back to Lianne's side of the river.

Summary:





13. Shrapnel and Cotton


Curt jostled the lock on Miss Finn's balcony's door. Once he got the key turned the right way, Ivan leapt from the roof across the street into the flat. The curtains caught the breeze of his landing in a flurry of white and settled on either side of him with the grace of sails after a storm.





Curt dropped to his knee and bared his throat, awed by the force of his beta's wolf form—pups rarely saw him outside of the training ring. Even Thomas straightened in the couch he was slumped on, a hand pressed over his stomach as if trying to hold all his blood in.

Lianne really had shot him then. Ivan made towards her door.

"Beta, no!" Curt rushed forward, stumbling over his own feet. "It-it's gone now! And she doesn't take lightly to wolves. Put a round of silver in Thomas the second he sprouted fur."

Annoyed, Ivan shifted back to human form. "And why are you both out here?" he asked, stress added a note of friction to his tone.

"She kicked us out," Curt said, sullen.

"She shot me!" Thomas did look a little pale, for all his indignation.

"She's scared," Ivan said between his teeth. "Leaving her alone was not a good option."

Curt ducked his head and whimpered at the disapproval in Ivan's voice. "It comes and goes. That thing, in there with her. Last time it was barely in the room—just a snarl and voice trying to taunt the Miss out of her prayers."

Curt's chagrin only compounded Ivan's frustration. Ivan gave himself a moment to cap the irritation; the stress of his alpha, his luna, and the pup was heavy on him. Now the threat of William, and Miss Finn's scent refilling hidden pockets in his lungs like it belonged there. Ivan took a deep breath through his teeth and stretched the tense muscles in his neck.

His pups were frightened. And while a few silver bullets was nothing to a wolf of Thomas' size, the brawler did look a little rattled.

"This your first time shot?" Ivan asked Thomas, his voice cooling to its normal tenor. But the pup only nodded sheepishly.

"Curt, get me a set of shifters from the room, please. " He glanced at Thomas, naked and wide-eyed like a puppy after his first bath. "And a pair for him too. Along with a bottle of Mrs Whimble's finest."

Thomas grimaced and Curt scurried off.

A stain of Thomas' blood spread purple on the couch's blue upholstery. It would keep bleeding until they got the silver out of him. Ivan sighed. "Let's get your sorry ass to the bathroom. Can't ruin a woman's furniture after she shot you."

Thomas, hand to his stomach, gave Ivan a look torn between nausea and offense. "Why the hell not?"

Ivan's smile was twisted and tired. "She might just shoot you again."

"Damn," Thomas agreed, reaching for Ivan's helping hand.

Ivan had to angle them sideways to get Thomas' mass through the small bathroom door. The pup's blood hit the grey, chipped tiles with a splat.

It made Ivan think of Tatiana's bathroom, all gold and white and bloody.

Ivan grunted as he lowered Thomas into Miss Finn's shower. Her entire bathroom could fit in Tatiana's tub; barely a sink, shower and toilet stacked on top of each other. Thomas slid a pained breath through his teeth and stretched out his legs. His bare feet stuck out the door up to his calf.

"What'd she shoot you with?" Ivan asked as Curt ran back in, carrying a bottle of wine and two pairs of white trousers.

Thomas winced at the bottle Curt thrust through the doorway. "Ah, hell. That stuff tastes like she corked her cat's piss for fun. No, no, give it here." He took the bottle and grew a claw to uncork it.



"Not the Fur Splitter then." Ivan noticed.

Curt and Thomas looked at him, puzzled. Ivan yanked on his second pair of white cotton shifters for the night. "Her gun," he explained. "She used the little peashooter. She's got an illegal weapon too—a big thing that shoots silver soaked in wolfs-bane, along with other surprises." Their eyes widened. Ivan gestured to the cork stuck on Thomas' claw. "It would have stopped you from shifting, even partially."

"You be careful in there, Beta," Curt said warily, lowering himself onto the toilet and dodging the cork Thomas—churlish in his self-pity—threw his direction.

Ivan was gratified that neither offered to go in with him. He left them in the bathroom to handle themselves and stood before Miss Finn's door. He hesitated, then knocked.

"Miss Finn?" he said gently. "It's Ivan."

She didn't answer, though her heart rate hurried a beat.

Ivan stepped closer and his bare toe dislodged a few grains of salt in the line across her threshold. He couldn't smell anything beyond that line, and that made him antsy. "Just wanting to make sure you are alright, Miss," he said through the door.

"Just fine, wolf," came the cold answer, alongside the cock of a gun. A big gun—not the peashooter.

Hell.

Ivan wrapped his fingers around the curve of the door knob. "I am going to come in now, Miss."

Again, no answer, so he turned the knob quick and pushed it open, waiting as it swung into a quiet room.

Miss Finn leaned against the far wall, washed in the blue glare of the streetlamp outside. She didn't look his way at the noise, just stared through the bars of the window, her gun in both hands and held ready at her side.

The salt stuck to his heel as he stepped in. He might as well have stepped into a coffin the stentch was so strong. It reeked of the bad sort of smoke; twisted and grey-yellow. Demons, like the night before.

The room was small, like the rest of her flat. Barely enough room on the far wall for the head of the bed and a window. A shallow chest of drawers was at the foot of the bed, and a thin, box-like wardrobe against the wall to Ivan's right.

Miss Finn's nightgown was so drenched in sweat, the fabric stuck down her hip and thigh. Her sleeves covered little of her arms, so the dark of her skin blurred the line between shadow and woman. The gun glinted silver and her white gown rose and fell with her breath.

Ivan moved a step closer and stopped himself. With his movement, his senses screamed something was off. He could almost see things, spindly and quick like spiders scuttling over the floor and walls and the woman herself.

"It's the demons," she said, not moving, her voice quiet.

Ivan didn't realise she was speaking to him until she shrugged, readjusting her grip on the gun. "You stopped like you could see them, is all."

She sounded disappointed he couldn't, so Ivan answered, "Almost."

A roach darted in the corner of his eye and Ivan turned his head quick to catch it. But it was a real roach, scurrying under the wardrobe for its nest of darkness. At least, Ivan thought it was a real roach.

Lianne turned to watch him, keeping the gun pointed to the ground. Her eyes were teary but her gaze was firm.

With her pistol and her demons and her fear, there was so much Ivan could have said. But when he opened his mouth the only words he found were, "You sleep in your stays?"



She tsksed her tongue and ran a hand over the starched panelling under her breasts. The absurdity of his statement brought a light heat to his cheeks, but Lianne 's grip on the gun relaxed a fraction. When she spoke, her tone mimicked his. "You frequent women's rooms in nothing but cotton drawers?"

Ivan laughed a little. "They're shifters, Miss. They're disposable if we rip them in a shift or a fight."

"And easy to bleach," Miss Finn noticed, dropping the gun in the potted fern on the windowsill. "I'd always wondered why so many of those came through the laundry mat."

A kaleidoscope of shadows and smells and not-quite-there movements brushed over the room but the woman was there, talking about his laundry. So Ivan simply said, "Indeed."

She took a deep breath and sat at the edge of her bed. Her hands shook as she ran them over her thighs.

"Is the gun for William, Miss?" Ivan asked.

She looked at the butt of the gun in the pot and shrugged. "It's not for you if that's what you're asking. I- I didn't mean to shoot the other one."

Ivan nodded.

One of those shadows grabbed the hem of her skirt and crawled up her leg. The closer it got to her, the more clearly Ivan could see it. Like a horned lizard, with burly arms and bug-like eyes. Miss Finn brushed it off her lap and it dissolved into the floor.

Ivan shifted his weight back and forth on his feet. "These shadows I see," he ventured, his eyes darting around the room. "Are they demons?"

She arched one tired brow in surprise. "You learn fast, wolf. They are, if only the petty sort. The one you met last night had more teeth to it."

"And why don't you... do your purge thing?" Ivan asked. He couldn't tell if it was his imagination but there were little eyes in the floorboards, hands curled around the top of the wardrobe.

"Purge thing?" Lianne gave him a grim smile.

Ivan rocked back on his heels. "Might be more effective than the gun."

She laughed then, and the shadows flickered like a flinch. Lianne must have seen it because her brow furrowed even as she smiled.

"Purging is exhausting," she explained, looking away. "And a lot harder when he comes. I purge, he comes back, I purge again. It's a game of resilience—a game he likes."

"It sounds exhausting."

"It is."

Before Ivan could think of what to say next, the scent of the room changed. Like a wind blowing from a different direction, the smoke and rot cleared from his lungs. In its place was a scent so familiar Ivan's throat constricted.

Lianne shuddered into herself. "Oh, God. Here he comes," she choked out, putting both hands over her head.

It was the scent of a young forest and a strong heart and a first hunt.

A wolf scent, the familiarity of it smeared with the sulphur demon smell, too much testosterone, and the tang of a lust-hate.

Shadows slid out of place and then the wall behind Lianne shimmered. With a ripple like a stone in a pond, the wall itself turned viscous-like to liquid. Then, horrifyingly, a wolf's snout, teeth and head emerged from the substance that had been the wall, lifting one paw into her room and then the other. Tying the matted fur to the wall, were thick strands of goop, that seemed to drip and solidify the more he pushed into the room.

William's pelt had once been the colour of silver snow—of ice and frost. But this beast was as black as the darkest corners of death's eye, a gory, sticky black. For the first time in years, there was a pound of fear in Ivan's heart, pushing cold blood down his limbs and through his chest. There was no doubting it was him.



Lianne scrambled for her gun as the beast shook it's big pelt. William snarled at her and snapped his teeth in greeting; possessive and cruel enough to pretend he was playful about it. That sent a streak of emotion through Ivan so hot he felt the fear roll off him like steam.

A growl of his own shook the room.

William's ears flattened and his gaze darted to Ivan. Those eyes, once a rich brown, were crystallised red now, like blood turned to rubies and set in dark water.

Ivan moved to put himself between Will and Lianne. "She's not alone, anymore, William. So you can just crawl back to whatever hell hole you come from."

William curled his lip, both insulted and amused, and unsure how to reconcile the two emotions.

"Who are you?" the beast spat.

He was the only wolf Ivan knew powerful enough to speak in his animal skin; smelting all that influence into actual words that echoed in a room.

Of course William wouldn't remember him. Ivan shook with the anger of it. "You always were a selfish bastard."

Goaded, William sent a push of influence over the room so strong, Ivan felt its reverberations rattle his ribs together. But he didn't move, just smiled at the rush of it. He'd been standing against Will's dominance since the day he was born.

William lowered his great, black head between his haunches and growled.

"That's right, beast." Ivan bared his teeth. "Your precious influence won't work on me. And without that, what do you have? Nothing."

William's black lips curled in a snarl. The beast pulled on all his influence and whipped it at Ivan with the strength of a sandstorm. Ivan planted his feet and felt it scrape over his skin. He didn't break William's gaze, even when Lianne began to pray behind him, the influence gnawing at her.

He'd waited for this moment for years. And the victory of it burned, stoked and kindled by age old anger.

"Remember me now, Will?" Ivan heard his voice say, wicked and serrated with an almost-laugh.

A sudden warmth at his side cut him short. It was Lianne, aiming a gun to his right, her hair flying wild as if William's influence carried a real wind. The skin of her arm almost brushed his as she held the gun steady and Ivan leaned away. To touch her now, with that feral thing in him so close, would surely put him over the edge.

William, in all his snarls, grinned. He'd caught Ivan's slight hesitation. "Taking another wolf's mate is a challenge to the death, pup."

"I am not your mate," Lianne said. Her tears were still wet on her cheeks, but that dominance was back in her voice. "And you are trespassing."

William turned his attention on Lianne, his ruby eyes a prism of hunger and need. "I only have what access you allot me in your mind." He prowled a step closer and Ivan growled in warning. "You've let me in, year after year, little mate. So tell this pup whose you really are." His voice resonated in the air like a howl in a cavern.

"I belong to no wolf," Lianne hissed and she cocked the gun.

William chuffed and stepped closer.

Ivan's growl deepened to a snarl and he moved towards Lianne. She adjusted her grip on the gun and her arm brushed his. Skin to skin, Ivan sucked in a breath. Her muscles trembled so she leaned her arm against him for better aim.

William saw the contact and gnashed his teeth, but Ivan barely noticed.

Something primal in Ivan was reaching through his body, grabbing at the wisps of her touch and reeling it deeper and deeper within himself, until it wove through the marrow of his bones in a single thread of gold. A bond. Alarmingly close and sweet and soothing. He could darn his weary soul with more threads like that; his whole, weary and fraying pack.



Lianne pulled the trigger on her gun.

And in that split-hair second between shot and impact, Ivan's eyes inexplicably met William's; there, as Lianne's skin brushed his. And Ivan knew Lianne was right: Will wouldn't kill her. He wanted her alive for this—to consume the every gold thread this woman of sunshine and courage had spooled within her. These visits were just to make sure his knots in that spool stayed tight.

A spray of shrapnel bullets fanned out in the room, the taste of gunpowder and wolfsbane metallic on his tongue. They tore through they air, and flew straight through William's body as if he were a shadow himself. The bullets embedded in the wall behind the wolf.

"Damn," Lianne said, her breathing coming in gasps.

Damn sure as hell was right.

William bared his teeth in a laugh, but Ivan caught the slight line of pain in his shoulders.

It would only buy him a moment but a moment was all Ivan needed.

Ivan moved faster than Lianne could process, wrapping a fist around her gun, locking the safety and tossing the firearm on the bed. As indignation began to stiffen her spine, Ivan put his hand to her cheek to keep her eyes on his.

"Miss Finn— Lianne. Keep yourself calm, if you can." Standing this close to her, he could smell her sweet scent all the clearer. It wrapped around him like a second skin, the golden threads of the bond cocooning him in her.

William howled and snapped his teeth.

Ivan smiled and ran a thumb up and down Lianne's jaw. "Sorry about the gun. Just didn't want to be shot."

He let go and she stumbled back. In a tear of cloth and muscle, Ivan shifted and landed on all fours. He barely had time to bare his teeth before William, blind in his fury, lunged.

Ivan met him half way, barrelled him to the other side of the room for Lianne's sake, and soon they were a snarling mess of black and white fur, of claws and muscle and fangs.

As they wrestled for dominance, Ivan's teeth bit deep in Will's shoulder. William nipped his ear in retaliation, puncturing the skin, and Ivan pulled his teeth from his black fur with a grimace.

William didn't taste right. Rotting and sulphur-smokey, like the demon itself. And the way Ivan's fangs tore skin didn't feel right either, like puncturing a thick gel, not real flesh. Though the yelp Will gave was as satisfying as if he'd been real.

They rolled off each other and paced the room for a minute, waiting for an opening.

Real blood hit the floor. Ivan could smell it, sliding out of William's shoulder and puddling on the ground. He could also smell his own blood, taste it when it dripped into his mouth.

"I know you," William said, his lips spreading in a grin that leaked Ivan's blood. "I know your scent. Your taste."

Ivan snarled at him.

William's red eyes glowed with recognition and he straightened from his fighting posture. As if Ivan wasn't worth the brawl. "My Ivy, Ivan." He chuffed a laugh. "My little shadow. My pet. And to think you want in on this game too." Those sick eyes rolled to Lianne, who held both guns now, one in each hand aimed right at the beast's head. His bleeding smile twisted. "We never were good at sharing, eh, Ivy?"

Ivan spat Williams blood on the floor and postured for another fight.

William turned from him. "I would stay and play, Ivy, pet. But my time is running out. Any last words from you, little mate?" William bowed his head to Lianne.



"Go to hell, William," Lianne snarled, fierce as a wolf herself.

"Only if I can take you with me," William taunted, even as his skin began to drip, melting like Ivan's reflection the night before. His paws sunk into the floor, fading. "You know you're mine, Lianne Mate. Your body, mine. Your soul, mine."

Lianne locked her guns and set them on her bedside table.

"Because I am coming for you, Lady." He tried to step forward, but had dropped into the floor up to his haunches now. "I am coming."

Ivan's lip curled and he went to prowl closer, but Lianne's hand on his pelt stopped him.

"So you've been saying for years now." She came forward and leaned against Ivan's front leg. "And yet... here we are."

William's poise shattered and he suddenly pushed forward, pulling himself from the floor in a lunge. Ivan ducked down to protect Lianne, but she didn't flinch.

Teeth came within inches of her face, his breath of gore and blood washed heat over them, and then the beast jerked to a stop, a dog at the end of his chain.

"Goodbye, William," Lianne said. And, like a plug pulled from a bath, William was sucked backwards and into the floor, disappearing into the puddle of his own blood.

Once he was gone, Lianne shuddered into Ivan.

She was so close, all pressed to him and warm but shivering, and her hair was coming undone and the messy curls were getting tangled in his long white fur. He convinced himself to pull away.

"No," she said, her fingers tightening in his fur. "Wait a moment."

The shadows were growing back on the walls, hovering. The sulphur smell swelled like a blister.

Lianne tensed in anticipation for a blow, pulling roughly at his fur.

Then, by some consensus, the demons peeled from their perches and swarmed them.

Ivan, alarmed, sat his back haunches and wrapped his tail around them to tuck Lianne closer. He growled, low and protective.

The shadows hesitated at the sound, the spindles and coils in the street's lamplight swaying in a tentative circle around wolf and woman.

Lianne, still braced for a hit, looked up, confused. "You, you—" She didn't know what he was doing. He didn't either, really.

He growled at the shadows again, and they receded an inch. In a surge of instinct, Ivan vested himself in whatever of his influencer gift he could muster and pushed a determined sense of peace over the room.

He might as well have taken a broom to the floor boards, the place was clear so fast. The shadows scuttled for cover, diving between cracks and under the door and out the window. Even the roach from earlier ran confusedly out from under the dresser, some light disturbing the scrap of darkness he'd nestled in.

With a laugh that seemed soft and small enough to be a cry, Lianne turned her face back into his chest. Ivan's growl died in his throat and he looked down at her, concerned. She didn't cling to him out of fear like before, rather she, she leaned into him with a sniffle of relief. Like she was grateful to have him there.

At her closeness and trust, something far more unsettling than the bond began to bloom in his chest: big and rich white and heady smelling.

Ivan quickly pulled away, only to realise she'd been crying, there against his chest. She ducked her head and wiped at her eyes.

The animal in him whined at her distress and Ivan found himself stooping to press his cold nose gently to the place her neck met her shoulder. She smelled sweeter than the night jasmine that drifted back into the room.

"Thank you, wolf. Ivan, I mean." She reached out and stroked up his muzzle. Ivan pressed into her touch, more for his sake now than hers. She laughed and sniffed. "Never seen them leave so fast, not ever. And— Ivan! You're bleeding. Hell, love, I thought that was his yelp I heard, not yours."

It was, he wanted to assure her. But her hand was weaving up and through the thick mane of fur at his neck, her thumb brushing tenderly over the blood.

The small fingers, splicing through his matted hair captivated him—her attentive eyes and the dip in her brow. Ivan found he couldn't move, entranced in the way her full lips tugged down to a frown.

"He bit you, the bastard," she said hatefully.

Her tone brought him to and Ivan stood to his full height. His size must have shocked her because she pulled her hand back reflexively and pressed it to her chest. She had to look up to see his face, there several feet above hers.

"Thomas hasn't put those shifters on yet, has he?" Ivan asked Curt.

"Thomas hasn't put those shifters on yet, has he?" Curt took a minute to respond. The battle with the liquid ghost-wolf had probably been terrifying to hear through a wall, and it would take a moment to recover from Will's push of influence.

"No, Beta," Curt hurried to say. " Are you, are you alright? She- she said you're bleeding."

"No, Beta," Are you, are you alright? She- she said you're bleeding." "I'm fine, pup. Just come and keep an eye on the Miss while I change."

"I'm fine, pup. Just come and keep an eye on the Miss while I change." There was a scramble and a crash in the bathroom. Curt must have bumped Thomas because there was a hiss of pain and a curse as well.

Lianne frowned at all the ruckus in her flat. "They're still here, then?" she asked.

Curt came in, holding a pair of shifters and looking critically at Ivan's great big wolf. "B-Beta." His eyes widened at the blood. It always looked more jarring on a white pelt, the light making the blood run black and slick over his fur.

"Toss them here, Curt," Ivan said, patiently.

"Toss them here, Curt," Curt obeyed and Lianne flinched as Ivan caught the wad of cotton between his teeth. He politely bowed his big head to her and trotted into the living room to change.





____________

Wow, this was a beast to write (no pun intended).

Wow, this was a beast to write (no pun intended). A Cut Snippet to pay for my tardiness:

A Cut Snippet to pay for my tardiness: Thomas, trying to haul his sorry ass to the bathroom: "Still can't believe that bitch shot me."

Ivan, helping Thomas haul his sorry ass: "Watch what you call the lady, pup."

Thomas, growling between his teeth: "Still can't believe that sweet, angel of a woman shot me, then. How's that?"

Ivan: "Better."

I do apologise for the late post, you can always check my board on Tues for reasons.

I do apologise for the late post, you can always check my board on Tues for reasons. Somewhere in here I am attaching a pic of the notes I made for editing. They nicely capture the carnage that was this post before I did some major Frankenstein/CPR work here. Hope it was worth the wait!

Somewhere in here I am attaching a pic of the notes I made for editing. They nicely capture the carnage that was this post before I did some major Frankenstein/CPR work here. Hope it was worth the wait! Dedicated to LadyLuna4eva once more, because I did find those GIFs you commented and loved both immensely. Really cheered me up. Thanks love!

Dedicated to LadyLuna4eva LadyLuna4eva once more, because I did find those GIFs you commented and loved both immensely. Really cheered me up. Thanks love! Next Update; Next Tuesday.

Comment and Vote if you liked it!

Next Update; Next Tuesday.

Comment and Vote if you liked it!





14. Curls and Pistols


Ivan shifted back to human skin and sucked in a deep breath of the cold air from the balcony. He needed a moment to gather himself, to slide some thin armour between that gold thread and his bones and muscles and heart. One moment and he'd be fine.

Lianne was asking Curt if Thomas was alright.

"I am spectacular," Thomas answered from the bathroom, voice a little too loud. He must have chugged that wine. "No damned thanks to you."

At the growl in the brawler's voice, Ivan heard himself snarl through human teeth with genuine ferocity.

Ivan startled at the sound as much as Thomas did. As the pup whimpered an apology, Ivan pulled on the pair of shifters and rolled out his shoulders.

He centered himself on the way the cold felt on his skin and how it brought attention to the hot pain in his ear. On the way his barefeet cracked the old yellow paint of her floor. And on the shadows all her flowers cast from the street's light, reaching in crooked spines and hands across the room.

The lights came on and the shadows blinked out, making the room suddenly feel too big.

Lianne swept out of her room and Ivan hastened to tie off his drawstring. She too was tightening the cord on a green robe. Her brow bent in that frown again, her eyes sharp on his bare chest.

"Excuse the undress," he thought to say this time, tipping in an awkward bow. "Miss Finn."

She shrugged, finishing the knot in her robe with a drooping bow. "Those shifters of yours are starting to make more sense." Her eyes caught on the large bare legs sticking half way out her bathroom. "I don't suppose you could get him a pair?"

With a groan of either embarrassment or pain, Thomas self-consciously pulled his legs back inside.

"Curt." Ivan sent the wolf back to Mrs Whimble's. There was no need for him to run, but the pup did so anyway, glad for something to do. William had left testosterone levels running high all around—and too much of any feeling always made Curt nervous.

Ivan's eyes brushed back over Miss Finn to assure himself she was alright.

Her arms were crossed over her chest and her contours were once again hewn with the edge of wariness he'd grown accustomed to. Whatever relief had tucked her against him after the fight had been replaced with a steady set in her jaw and eyes that remembered horrible things done years ago.

Ivan forced his stance to relax, even spreading his hands to show her he meant no harm.

She closed her eyes, as if pained by the sight. Turning, she went back to her bedroom and reemerged with the smaller pistol, setting it carefully in her robe's pocket.

Ivan could tell she felt awkward about it, rubbing the sweat on her hands down her legs. But he personally felt a barrel of steel between them was wise.

He gave her what he hoped was a soothing smile. "The pea-shooter is a step up from the Fur Splitter."

She laughed, but it was without humour and a little watery. Her eyes watched him closely. "Your ear is bleeding."

Ivan's hand went to the place hot blood burned his skin and grimaced. "It is."

"While the Beta bedazzles us with his eloquence," Thomas said from the bathroom, taking another gurgling swig of Mrs Whimble's wine. "Allow me to inform you that I am bleeding out in here."

Brawlers were one of the few breeds that alcohol could muddle; though the buzz faded as fast as it came. Thomas would have a splitting headache in the next half hour, but by then they'd have gotten the bullets out of him.



"You're a wolf." Miss Finn cast an unimpressed look to the bathroom door. "You'll be fine."

When she turned back to Ivan the corners of her mouth softened. "You, though. Sit and let me tend to your ear."

Ivan stepped back an inch. "I'll be fine, Miss."

"And I'm the one who's shot," Thomas moaned, more out of dejection than pain.

Miss Finn retied her hair to be a bushel of curls on top of her head with an air of determination.

Her curls were a strange sort, not neatly coiled into the defined ringlets Ivan saw on ladies from his side. Rather each hair had a curl of its own, so they twisted and kinked up against one another to form a great mass of almost-curl. Some of it frizzed about her hairline and the nape of her neck. One neglected wisp of a curl bounced on her neck when she walked towards him.

She reached for him a few steps away, as if to grab his arm and steer him to the kitchen. Ivan pulled away from her so fast, she frowned.

"Touching, Miss, is not a good idea," he said, certain.

She raised a brow at him. "I am not scared of you," she said, though she sounded like she was trying to prove so to herself.

"I believe that might be part of the problem, Miss," Ivan said, softly.

At her frown, he wiped the blood on his hand down his trousers and tried to explain. "Wolves get protective, Miss."

"And for that—" she gave him a look of petty annoyance— " good sir , I am grateful. That is more than any other wolf has gotten from me."

good sir "All the more reason, Miss."

At the deferent title her eyes flickered with the steel of her gun.

"He means wolves get possessive, Miss," Thomas volunteered from the floor of the bathroom, his voice still sloshy with drink.

Miss Finn's frown set more stubbornly. "That true?" she asked Ivan.

The bottle clinked against the tile floor in the bathroom. "Not for Ivan, Miss. Oh no. That wolf is the most contained beast I've ever seen. Not natural. The way he keeps it all inside."

Ivan felt his skin begin to itch with annoyance, but he refused to snarl like an animal again.

"But with that big bad wolf showdown in there," Thomas continued. "All of the smells and growls he was throwing at you. Hell, no wolf would be able to ignore that."

Miss Finn watched a tendon pulse in Ivan's jaw.

"Thought you said you were bleeding out," she snipped at Thomas from over her shoulder.

Thomas grumbled something unintelligible, and Curt came back with the shifters.

"Get the wine from the pup, please," Ivan told Curt over Miss Finn's head.

Curt wrinkled his nose in distaste at whatever he smelled in the bathroom, but braved it all the same.

Miss Finn's attention was back on Ivan. "So your wolf is a little upset right now?" she asked.

"I just want to make sure you're alright," Ivan said. "And, right now, that is best done with me on the other side of the room."

He felt the blood trickle from his neck to his chest, a thin red line down the white of his skin. Miss Finn watched it drip with a frown. He saw her look sharpen the second she made her decision.

Ivan raised both hands as if to ward her off as she stepped towards him. "Miss, honestly. I'm a wolf. I'll heal within the hour. Let me get to a sink—I'll clear up the blood and you won't have to see it anymore."



She shook her head at him and continued closer. "Look at it this way, Mr Ivan. Wolf, sir. I get a little protective of things in my life as well. Possessive, even. Especially when it comes to that filthy mutt and his demons. Now, I'm upset and I'm shaken. He's not been on all fours in here for years. But you sent him away before he could touch me."

"Does he normally touch you?" Ivan asked, his voice deep, but a controlled sort of gentle.

Miss Finn shook her head, although it was more of a refusal to answer than any assurance. She was right before him now, that curl on her neck swirling with a tug of the wind snagged in the curtains.

Her eyes fell to the blood on his chest again. "If I can spare you two drops of blood—blood from the wound he gave you—by a moment of my attention, I'm damned well going to do so. The question, then, wolf, is this." She reached out and, with a little breath for courage, set two cold fingers on his chest.

Her touch made him tense and hot and cold all over.

"Which do you fear more, then? A little upset with your wolf—who deserves some care after standing up to that thing?" She brushed at the blood down trickling from his neck, the rest of her hand flattening on his skin. Her eyes sharpened on the red she rubbed between her fingers. "Or the wrath of a woman, spurned after a long, hard night?"

Panic rising, Ivan tilted his head away to breathe air not yet warm with her scent. In doing so, his eyes met the pups'.

Thomas had dragged himself to the doorframe, and Curt was standing there with an empty wine bottle and poorly folded trousers. Both beheld the potential mate press her skin against their Beta with a look of increasing alarm.

He glanced down at her and realised he must have an identically absurd expression of alarm on his own face, because she laughed at him.

"You are toying with fire," he told her, softening some with amusement.

"I told you I am not scared of you."

"You don't have to prove that to anyone."

"One touch and the Beta comes unhinged?" Her tone bordered on smug.

Ivan gave a light laugh at the absurdness of it. The sound startled the pups and Miss Finn, so much so her hand pulled back a fraction. "That would be unfortunate, indeed," he said; feeling better just for laughing.

A bond forming between them at some point was inevitable. He'd liked her from the start, then was steeped in her scent day in, day out, and was legally and emotionally dedicated to her protection. He might have avoided a bond if she hadn't been... so surprising. However, the bond would fade with time when he returned his pack.

For now, he let himself feel the full relief of her being there; goading him, beautiful and in one piece. The tight gold thread finally loosened its grip on his heart enough to let his pulse catch up with itself.

She scowled, her fun ruined now that he had decided to play along. "Just get over to the sink and let me tend your ear. Please."

Ivan bowed. "As long as, when the pack tries me for breaking the terms of our contract, you'll come and testify that you touched me first."

Not to be outdone, Miss Finn rearranged her scowl into a mask of innocence. Ivan caught the competitive glint in her eye, so he wasn't surprised when she reached up and ran the two fingers not covered in blood down his jaw.

"I will just have to tell them," she said, sweetly, "Wolves, sirs, we humans aren't used to your kind. He was just so pretty—how could I keep my hands to myself?"

Something earnest burned in her eyes.

It made Ivan's pulse choke more than the bond's tie.

He reached for her wrist and gently lifting her fingers from his skin. "If we go that route, we will have to call Jess in to testify."

She blinked, surprised. And then laughed, letting her head tip back with the surprised pleasure of it.

"Well said, wolf. To the kitchen, then." She spun lively enough to spread the hem of her robe and expected him to follow.

Thomas and Curt gaped like kids at the circus.

"B-Beta," Thomas said, flabbergasted with the scandal. "I I-think she just flirted with you."

Curt gave Thomas a cold look and hit him on the head with the butt of the wine bottle.

"Bleed quietly, you hunk of fur," Miss Finn said on her way to the kitchen. "Don't think I didn't notice that stain on my upholstery."

Thomas growled and swatted at Curt, then hissed and clutched at his bleeding abdomen. He sagged against the doorjamb. "No one cares about the blood I am sending down the drain here."

"Were you sending it down the drain, I might feel a pinch of pity." Miss Finn stopped to scowl at the mess on the floor, "Instead you're smearing your guts all over my tile floor."

"Whose fault is it my guts are smearing the first place?" Thomas spat.

"Thomas," Ivan warned.

"Get back in the shower and let Curt get you in one of those shifters."

Thomas bared his teeth at her, and shoved Curt away when he tried to help. "I can get it myself," he growled with petulance.

Miss Finn's nose wrinkled at his tone, the butt of the pistol in her pocket bounced on her leg as she crossed her arms. "Don't make me come pet you into submission too."

Thomas choked on something. "Hell, Curt. Give me those pants, I swear."

Ivan laughed. "Was that what this was?"

"And here you thought I was flirting." Miss Finn smirked at Ivan over her shoulder.

She passed her room and slowed a step, looking inside at the blood and torn cotton and her smirk faded.

Ivan felt his own smile wane.

She pulled herself together, and frowned at him. "How many times do I have to say it? The sink, please. Now."

"Of course, Miss." As Ivan followed her, he wondered how many nights she'd had to deal with the aftermath of William all alone.





____________



Slower, lighter, and (hopefully) sweeter this week. And much shorter. Believe it or not this chapter is one of the first I actually posted within Wattpad's recommended range. 0.0



Slower, lighter, and (hopefully) sweeter this week. And much shorter. Believe it or not this chapter is one of the first I actually posted within Wattpad's recommended range. 0.0

This scene is a long one, so expect some slower weeks while we let out characters catch up to the plot a bit. ;) In the next re-write I'll probs take some of this out. But, for now, I'll just let them talk and bond and figure each other out for a hot sec.

This scene is a long one, so expect some slower weeks while we let out characters catch up to the plot a bit. ;) In the next re-write I'll probs take some of this out. But, for now, I'll just let them talk and bond and figure each other out for a hot sec. Dedicated to for almost always being the first to vote. Thanks, friend!

Dedicated to for almost always being the first to vote. Thanks, friend! (also there was some typo or glitch in the flow I wanted to fix before I posted, but now I can't find it--if you spot it let me know!)

Hope you enjoyed it!

Comment and Vote if you did. Or if you didn't. I mean, I'll take what I can get.

Hope you enjoyed it!



Comment and Vote if you did. Or if you didn't. I mean, I'll take what I can get. Next Update, Next Tues.

Next Update, Next Tues. xx <3

xx <3





15. Batter and Thorns


Miss Finn sat Ivan down in a rickety kitchen chair. It tipped back on a short leg if he breathed too deep and the green paint on the wood stuck to his bare back.

"Turn your head." She wrung out a dishtowel in the sink and eased his head to the side. "There now."

The water was cold and the towel brittle from the drying rack, but he sat still as she dabbed at the skin behind his ear. Her breath was hot like steam on his neck and he shifted in his chair at the way the warmth clung to the skin of his throat. The chair tipped back to its short leg again and Miss Finn frowned at the movement.

"Sorry," Ivan murmured, closing his eyes to focus on the cold towel in his cut. He knew the skin was restitching itself already: the warm breath and cold towel would be gone in a moment.

Once satisfied with her work on his ear, Miss Finn refolded the towel and ran it over his neck and chest to clean up the excess blood. Her hands were efficient and impartial, but Ivan found himself relaxing under the cold and rough fabric. It dragged over his skin with the relief of an itch finally being met. He felt his body sink deeper into chair with a creak.

She stopped, standing somewhere close to his side; he could feel the heat of her body prickling where the towel had chilled. He opened his eyes and blinked at her.

Her eyes were soft with amusement. "I just keep waiting for you to pur."

He frowned, sitting a little straighter. With his movement, he smelt her scent rubbed deep into his skin.

"Touch and wolves," she teased gently, and ran her nails through the front of his hair and over his scalp. "They melt like cats if you're kind about it."

Ivan's lungs cinched closed, trying to keep that touch and scent locked inside him forever. She pulled back before he had time to react and tossed the towel to the sink.

The chair tilted backwards on that damned short leg and Ivan's heart lurched back to its beat. She pressed a new towel to his ear, and he cringed as the cold water dribbled down his neck.

She guided his hand to the towel. "Hold this until the bleeding stops. No, like this. There."

She turned back to the sink and washed her hands. Ivan could feel his pulse, hot and thundering in the cut under the towel, but let his eyes linger on her all the same. He didn't know why it felt imperative to keep her in his line of sight, but he told himself it was to avoid more cold towels and soothing hands.

She wrung out the bloody dishtowel and fussed over the plants lining the window sill. The cheap light from the ceiling's naked bulb was harsh on her. It made the mass of hair on her head look the crackling sort of frizzy, the skin under her eyelashes swollen and tired, the brown of her big lips white-chapped. Even the green of her robe looked washed out and tired, a grey, rasping wisp of colour.

She dried her hands and released her hair from its tie. Eyes out the window over the sink, she scratched at her scalp and grimaced. When she tied it back again, Ivan could have sworn the nimbus of curls reached an inch further it had than before. The spirals were different—longer.

She caught him staring. "What?" she said, irritated by his attention.

"May I ask about your hair?" Ivan ventured, pressing another corner of the towel to his ear.

Her brow furrowed as she flit a hand to her tie. Then she laughed, short and hard. "Of all the things you have seen tonight, of all the questions you might have— that is what you want answers to?"

that Ivan raised his brow and brushed his knuckle over the edge of the cut. The bleeding had stopped. "It seemed mighty important to Jess and those at the garage the other day." He stood to rinse the cloth out in the sink.



She frowned at him, wrapping her arms around herself and edging to the other side of the kitchen. "Well, they are fools."

He heard her breath come out shaky as he washed his hands, the water cold from the chilled autumn pipes.

"I'll answer your questions, then, wolf," she said, her voice still clipped with unease. "But let's get the big one in here first. I'll fish the bullets from him while we talk."

Ivan searched for a dry towel and Miss Finn, with a click of her tongue, tossed the clean one from her shoulder at him.

Ivan snatched the white cotton from the air. Odd how a towel not matted with cat fur became a treasure. "I'll tend to Thomas, Miss." Ivan smiled to stave off her protests. "Truly, Miss, he's been through a lot tonight. Having a potential mate tending to his wounds might just push him over the edge."

There was a pause and it gave Thomas time to concur from the bathroom. "Yes, Lady. I- I have issues when it comes to control. For your own good, you- you should stay away from me."

Miss Finn rolled her eyes, her shoulders relaxing a fraction. "Who's blood was that all over my couch? Because it sure as hell wasn't mine." She turned back to Ivan and pursed her lips. "Very well then. Get him in here."

While Thomas got settled on the counter—the kitchen chair wouldn't hold him—Ivan found Miss Finn eyeing her room. Her hand went to the gun in her pocket as if to make sure it was still there. She caught him watching her and smiled at him, but he didn't miss the tremor in her fingers as she crossed her arms.

"Come and sit, Miss." He said, gentle-like. "You shouldn't be on your feet at this hour." He pulled the chair out for her, patient while she hesitated.

She eventually obeyed, sitting just long enough for Ivan to think she meant to stay. Then she was on her feet, tipping up on her toes to open cupboards and reach for a bag of flour. "You stitch him up then and I'll make us something to eat. You lot must be hungry. What with the bloodloss and the animal thing against you."

Ivan opened his mouth to insist, but she slammed a large porcelain bowl on the counter and shot him a glare over her shoulder. "Try me, Ivan, and you will get no answers to your questions."

Ivan raised a hand in amused surrender while she arranged her bowl and ingredients on the table. She did look better now that she was doing something.

"Curt," Ivan ordered. "Dig the bullets out and clean him up. Bandage him if the bleeding won't stop."

Curt's mouth squirmed in distaste, both for the smell of blood and the idea of helping half-drunk Thomas, but he pushed the brawler back against the wall regardless. The brawler's shoulder crushed a bouquet of dried lavender against the purple paint and both pups winced.

Miss Finn was pushing and pulling a series of dials on a smoke-stained oven. She waited a minute, then slammed her fist between two gas burners. Curt and Thomas jumped at the bang, flecks of lavender falling from Thomas' shoulder. With a cranky moan, the oven wheezed to life and Miss Finn wiped her hands in her robe, satisfied.

Ivan sat on his uneven chair, his legs stretching under the table and his hands folded over his abdomen. He tried to look calm as he inspected Miss Finn, rocking back on the three legs of the chair and back down again.

She, in turn, inspected him with hands on her hips before the table, her frown somehow softened by the curls at her hairline. She saw his eyes brush over those curls and sighed.

"My hair is the most ridiculous part of this all, so your question's a pointless one." She busied herself with her ingredients, speaking with an annoyance that might have been embarrassment. "My hair, against all nature and reason, grows—fast and on its own. Like the damned princesses from fairytales."



"Woah. Really?" Thomas asked from the sink. His childlike awe was cut short as Curt dug the first bullet from his abdomen. His face fell as Curt held the glossy ball of metal between two extended claws. "Oh hell. I am going to be sick," he moaned.

"There's the sink then." Curt said, without sympathy, as he dropped the bullet in the sink with a clang.

"Yes, really." Miss Finn answered, with a disapproving eye to her sink. "It serves no purpose and grows the most when I..." her eyes found Ivan's again and her jaw worked for a moment as if trying to hold the words in, "...when I pray. It's the worst at the full moon, so that's why they tend to think my gifts are tied to moon cycles. Most people merely take all the hair as a sign. A reminder that I am marked and my gifts aren't mine to control. I mainly find it a nuisance: cut the excess, burn it each week."

"Why burn it?" Curt asked softly.

"So no one can use it in cursing rituals," she said with the tone of the obvious and a concerned look to the pup. "What do your altars teach you?"

"Not that." Curt said, pink and turning his full attention back to Thomas' stomach.

The gun in Miss Finn's pocket knocked against the table twice, so she took it out and set it between the cracked eggs and the jar of sugar.

"What gifts, then?" Thomas asked, between gritted teeth. At the line of sweat glossing his brow, it seemed the alcohol was beginning to burn itself out of his system. Ivan pitied him, but not enough to find a second bottle.

Miss Finn tucked the bowl in the crook of her arm and whisked the eggs with the flurry of a practiced hand. "Your Beta and I already had this talk." She looked at Ivan and frowned. "And he didn't believe me."

"I can assure you I believe you now," Ivan said.

"Of course you do," she tsked. "Demons and beasts through walls and William himself snarling in there like he owns me--" She whisked so fast, she lost her grip on the fork. It clattered and whirled aimlessly in the eggs for a moment.

She set the bowl on the table and rolled her shoulders to knead out the tension. "Of course you believe me," she finished.

A second bullet clattered into the sink and the pups winced at the noise in the quiet.

Miss Finn didn't seem to notice, staring at the eggs she had whisked bubbly and chewing the inside of her cheek.

"When was the last time he was so... real in your room?" Ivan asked quietly.

Her lips pursed as she fished the fork from the bowl. "On all fours? Three years now, probably."

"And he won't comeback tonight?"

"No. He'll be more tired than I am after that show."

"And bleeding," Ivan offered.

Her eyes met his and the tips of her lips folded up in a grim smile. "And he'll be bleeding." She took the fork to the sink and rinsed it off. "Thank you for that."

"It was my pleasure," he answered. The gold-glowing bond in Ivan had sank so deep within him that he couldn't find it anymore, not even for a brush of warmth when she thanked him. In its place was the old acid wrapping around his ribs like thorns dipped in poison.

She must have heard the shift in his voice because her head tilted toward him slightly as she dried the fork. "Will really did know you."

Both pups looked at him from the other side of the kitchen, Curt hand red with Thomas' blood.

"Yes," was all Ivan said.

Miss Finn watched him, deciding if she would respect his vague response. "Do your pups at the least know how you know him?"



The pups blinked at him.

"William is a notorious rogue in our pack." Ivan answered, the acid crawling up his throat. "His crimes and trial are common knowledge. Used even in our history lessons."

Miss Finn frowned, the weight of her gaze pressing that thorny acid into his heart and causing his blood to run fast and thin.

"You know a demon wraps its hands around your neck when you talk about him," she said, her eyes shadowed.

Ivan swallowed. He eased his chair back to the tipsy leg with caution, letting surprise and alarm scuttle over him without further upsetting his pulse for the pups to hear. He cocked his chin at Curt. "Tell the Miss anything you know."

Curt's thin lips twisted but he straightened, pulling his shoulders back to a proud angle. "Only that Beta was the only one to vote for William's death in his trial rather than mere exile."

Miss Finn's brow rose in surprise. She returned to her whisking. "Exile, was it, then? Didn't seem to last long, seeing as he is now back in Beltan."

Ivan cringed, letting his chair fight itself. "White Pine has been more lenient in recent years with past offences than I would have liked."

"Which is why you are here," Miss Finn said, so sure she didn't feel the need to look up from her bowl as the eggs were whisked to frothy satisfaction.

"Yes," Ivan said, with equal simplicity.

He watched her add ingredients to her bowl for a long moment. The image of a demon at his throat had him second guessing himself. But a thought nagged at him, a question; he breathed deep to cool the acid before he spoke. "Why do the demons want you, Miss?"

Her hand stilled, then resumed their careful mixing of the batter. "It is hard to explain these things," she said eventually. "There are years of speculation and gossip involved. Witches and priests and prophets alike have tried to figure me out. The Lady of the Lost. My gifts, my purpose, my origin. All to no avail. However, everyone comes to the same conclusion. I am marked for something. Called. Chosen."

Ivan waited as she added the flour.

Nervous, she wiped a wrist over her cheek and left a powdery streak. "There is a battle between some-sort-of good and some demon-feeding evil this side of the river. A battle we've been losing for decades, probably since your kind moved to the other side to be the Royal Wolves."

"White Pine used to live here?" Thomas asked, a twinge appalled; the Pack's less than glorious roots weren't always a selling point when they were recruiting.

"Sure enough," Miss Finn replied, taking a spoon to the batter. The smell of sugar, eggs, butter and vanilla was spreading over the room now, like frosting. "The Pack used to be the best law enforcement we had. Then the Queen saw... courtly potential in your Alpha or something and invited you to her side."

Curt found the last bullet and Thomas gave a little snarl as it was extracted.

"And we left." Ivan said. He had never really thought about it; White Pine had crossed the river three generations back, maybe more.

"And you left." Miss Finn's look was sad. She seemed to catch the emotion and curled her lip. "Oh, how the gossips railed against you. And then, in the great fashion of this side, we despaired." She leaned over her batter in dramatasied grief, mockingly earnest. "All goodness and strength, all hope and power has left us! Drugs, gangs, thieves! Our side of the river darkening more with each day of your absence. But, lo."

"Is this a true story?" Thomas asked. Curt shushed him, eyes fixed on Miss Finn, her expression animated with her tale.

Her voice dipped into a conspiratorial whisper. "Lo, while we were lost, some goodness, some mercy, some fluke above looked down at our squalor and said, wait, let us not forget them. Let us gift a girl with lips that bless and hands that heal and eyes that see. Keep our lost safe, lest they think they are forgotten."



The noble cadence to her voice fell away like a storytellers mask and she frowned at her batter. "So, they found a little girl, lost and crying in the closet of an altar that used to be a brothel. An angel was sent and, in robes that glowed like pearl with a heartbeat, he stooped low and kissed the tip of her nose."

Even Thomas waited quiet, entranced.

Lianne dipped her finger in the bowl and sampled a dollop of the white-gold batter. Unsatisfied, she turned to the cupboards.

"And?" Curt asked quietly, his hand over a towel on Thomas' stomach.

"And what?" Miss Finn asked, digging through her cupboard of jars and sacks.

"What did the angel say?" Thomas exclaimed, waving Curt's hand away to staunch the blood himself.

She shrugged, assembling a second line of ingredients above her pistol. "He said..." her eyes flit to each of theirs, holding Ivan's. "He said, 'You have a call, little one.' And left. That night I had my first dream and ever since then, I dream of things living or dying or living somewhere awful between and, after the dream finishes, that voice comes back to me, whispering my call."

"Dreams?" Thomas asked.

Ivan held her eyes. "And what was the call?"

Miss Finn ignored Thomas, her dark, wide eyes softening on Ivan in a smile that said he'd finally understood.

"I don't know," she whispered, her voice so sad the magic of her story melted. Like water over ink, she became again a mere woman in her kitchen, standing in her robe and stays with a pistol tucked between the dishes. "I can never remember. I wake up and the dreams stick to me like lint. But the whisper, it sinks back into my pillow, like a shadow waiting for the sun."

Thomas leaned back on the wall, again crushing the lavender in a spittle of petals. "Holy hell," he said, quiet.

"Don't curse when there's angels involved." Curt murmured nervously under his breath. He crossed himself for good measure—the pup was devoutly religious.

Thomas curled a lip at his piety.

"You should listen to the pup, Thomas." Miss Finn nodded to Curt, who flushed red at her attention. "Angels are no laughing matter. That was the first and last time I ever saw one so close." She straightened and turned back to her batter. "Anyone allergic to nuts?"

All three wolves, more surprised than anything, hesitated. Then shook their heads.

"Good." She passed a cutting board and knife to Ivan with a handful of pecans. "Here, wolf. Chop these. I want them cut about the size of a pea."

Ivan cautiously took the knife.

He knew how to dodge knives, kill with knives, cut for surgery with knives. But he didn't think he knew how to cut a handful of nuts. To his relief, the pecan crumbled easy enough under the weight of the blade.

"No, love." She laughed, a true, bright laugh that softened the blanched light and bloody counters of the room. "Not one at a time! Take a handful—like this." She chopped fast and sure and there was a pile of neat little pecan bits on the cutting board before Ivan could ask to try again.

Her deft movement leeched another shade of colour from Thomas' face. "Hell, someone gave the woman a knife?"

"Leave the Lady alone." Curt said, still pink.

Miss Finn gave Thomas a wave of her blade before she passed it back to Ivan. "Cut the rest now."

She withdrew a pan for muffins and greased the inside with butter. While Ivan finished chopping— advancing to six or seven pecans under the knife at once—she shook a small crate of berries into the batter and folded them in carefully.

She gave a big sigh, sweeping the pecans into the batter and spooning them into their pan. "So," she said with an air of resigned finality, "the demons know I am somehow called to something and they hate me for it. So I am cursed as well as blessed. Blessed with an angel that can't be bothered to tell me what the hell all this is for and cursed with the close eye of this side's demons."

Ivan watched the batter fall from her spoon with a determined splat. "And William fits into all of this, how?"

"He's a willing vessel. A convenient terror of mine they like to exploit," she said, scooting a wayward blueberry back into its cup of batter.

"But he can be killed?" Ivan heard himself say, rocking back in his chair. He hadn't known that might be a concern when he took this assignment.

Miss Finn smiled at him. "Oh, he will come in person if he can. Demon deals are costly, and I am sure he cannot risk too high a payment when he's here all done up as a law-abiding Alpha. You can kill him when he comes then."

"What sort of payment does... tonight require?"

Her smile faded, but she hid it by taking her dishes to the counter by the sink. "Demons feed off of just about anything terrible." She returned to her muffins and fussed over the batter until it was even. "But despair is a favourite. Fear. And, of course," her look was grim, "death."

She opened the wheezy oven to a blast of heat and set her muffins inside. Checking the knobs for appropriate temperatures, she wiped her hands down her robe and sighed.

"That's that then," she said. She turned to the sink and pursed her lips at the blood, towels and bullets clogging her drain. "Curt, love, be a dear and get the gore out of my sink. The dishes need doing."





________

Yes, this could have used another read over. But it's 2AM and I am pooped. Pooped with a capital P, ladies and gents.

Yes, this could have used another read over. But it's 2AM and I am pooped. Pooped with a capital P, ladies and gents. Instead of the read-over I spent my time usefully asking Mother Internet if pecans counted as the sort of nut that people might be allergic to (apparently they are really something mysterious called a 'drupe'?). Turns out it is one of the most common nut allergies, according to my infallible Google fastsearch.

If such a lot be yours and you are a holiday celebrating USA folk, let me offer my condolences this Thanksgiving for your lack of pecan pies. A true travesty this season.

Instead of the read-over I spent my time usefully asking Mother Internet if pecans counted as the sort of nut that people might be allergic to (apparently they are really something mysterious called a 'drupe'?). Turns out it is one of the most common nut allergies, according to my infallible Google fastsearch.

If such a lot be yours and you are a holiday celebrating USA folk, let me offer my condolences this Thanksgiving for your lack of pecan pies. A true travesty this season. I am too tired to decide if you care about my pecan research. So I will let it stay there.



I am too tired to decide if you care about my pecan research. So I will let it stay there.

Vote and Comment if you liked it!

Vote and Comment if you liked it! Next Update; Next Tuesday.

Next Update; Next Tuesday. Goodnight and happy fall!

Goodnight and happy fall! <3 xx

<3 xx





16. Icing and Silver - I


"A nip on the ear really is nothing, Miss," Ivan said, for the second time. "I can clean the dishes."

Miss Finn raised a brow at Curt as she wiped down the table. "You could let your Beta do it then. Even if you just washed his blood down my drain. Whatever suits you fine."

Curt rolled his starched cuffs back up again without complaint. "I'll do it, Beta."

Thomas gave the pup another nudge with his foot. "You need an apron, pup. Ask the lady now."

Curt bared his teeth at Thomas, but tamped down his temper with another twist of his sleeve.

Miss Finn ducked under Curt's arm to rinse out her rag and the wolf pulled back as if she'd scorched him. She'd been too close. Ivan carefully leaned back on the counter, keeping an eye on the pup. He was wound too tight.

Curt fiddled with his sleeve again, nervous and apologetic. Ivan frowned as the pup twisted the sleeve of his shoulder; Curt's face pinched for a moment of pain.

Miss Finn caught the movement that time and her eyes narrowed. "My fault," she said, carefully. "I forget you're all weird about my scent."

Ivan smelt the blood before he saw it, fresh and blooming slow where Curt's hand had been. Ivan cringed; the boy had overdone it.

Curt smelt the blood too and angled the red away from Miss Finn.

She had turned back to the sink and was folding her rag with meticulous slowness.

"That blood on your shirt isn't his, now is it?" she asked, almost casual, draping the rag over the curve of the faucet.

Curt grimaced.

"I don't know how you managed to get four bullets out of a man and not get a drop on your sleeves. And then you get a stain the size of a fist on your shoulder." She reached for him, but Curt backed away with the speed of a wolf. Her eyes sharpened. "You'll be taking that shirt off now, young man. Let me see."

Curt shook his head, a hand to his arm. "Not your business, Miss. I'm alright."

Miss Finn's frown turned stormy. "Not my— you're in my house, love, bleeding in my kitchen!"

Curt backed up another step, looking to Ivan for help.

Ivan held the boy's eyes steady, but didn't get involved. He'd been dutifully ignoring the smell of blood and scabs around the lad recently, telling himself another man's penance wasn't his place. But Miss Finn was another story - she could fuss about the kid without making him feel small.

"I said: off." Her voice was unyielding. "Now. Don't make me do it for you, son."

Squirming under such a close eye, Curt carefully unbuttoned his shirt. He grit his teeth as he took it off.

Miss Finn's sternness softened, and she helped the lad ease his shirt over his arm, tsking her tongue in sympathy.

Underneath were bandages in neat thin rows up and down his arms, thrown together with a clumsy, if practised hand. Some of the linen fresh, speckled with red and pink and others were old, yellow and too tight.

The smell of wounds, hidden under yards of fabric, weighed heavy in Ivan's lungs like smoke.

Curt checked his shoulder, where the blood had smeared from its bandage. Miss Finn set his shirt on the table, breathing slow and measured through her teeth.

"Hell, Curt." Thomas said, wary with shock. "That's just too far—"

Curt whirled on Thomas, snarling at him through bared teeth.



Miss Finn set a small hand on his wrist. The pup jumped, the growl ending in the barest of yelp of surprise. She stubbornly grabbed his hand when he tried to pull away. Her sympathy thrummed into anger.

She turned on Ivan, and he met her glare with steady eyes.

"What is this?" she demanded, grinding the words between her teeth.

"He'll tell you, Miss. Not I." He forced himself to lean against the counter again, watching as her spine bristled with her temper. "Lianne," he said, so soft her anger cracked in surprise. "Go easy on the boy. It's... all we know." He turned to Thomas, his jaw locking. "And you—mock him for this and you're out."

Thomas' eyes widened, but he nodded his dark, lavender-flecked head.

Lianne sat Curt down and pulled out a second chair for herself. She sat across from him, not minding his tense shoulders as her fingers hovered over the rings of bandages. Her hands gained a tremor as she gently turned his arms for inspection.

"Oh, Curt," she said his name like she might cry.

Something new—perhaps in her voice or in the currents of her scent—began to wrap around the wolves: a comfort, a soothing touch, a tear. Ivan heard their wolf hearts beat more fervently, recognising and reaching for something they might never see again. It was a press of safety and understanding and home. For one dizzying moment, it seemed to shift the world's orbit to spin like a crib's mobile around Lianne and the pup.

Her finger brushed a bandage. "May I take these off?" she asked, all anger softened into a mother's croon.

Whatever that was in her voice or scent had bled the hostility out of Curt and the boy slowly nodded. He watched intently while she unraveled the first strip of linen on his forearm. She cringed when it caught on dried blood.

"A bowl of water, please, Ivan."

Ivan found and filled one. He handed it to her, along with a clean towel from the drawer by the sink.

She wet the bandages enough to pull them back and soon had both his arms bare in front of her. The smell of old wounds and silver and scabs had swelled alongside the pile of bandages she dropped to the floor.

Wrapped around his biceps and forearms in rows like silver bracelets were thin maws of metal. They had teeth like bear traps that had sunk and healed and sunk deeper still into the bruised-blue, freckled skin of Curt's arms. He had six or so on one arm, and four on the other, squeezing the skin like the coils of a snake.

"Oh, Curt, love." Lianne said, when she was finished, in the same teary voice as before. "Who put these on you?"

Curt swallowed something thick. "I put them on me, Miss."

Lianne reached out and gently fingered one of the contraptions. There were a series of tiny gears and a small key locked into each side. Ivan knew how it went: twist the key, the maw tightens, and the pinch punctures deeper.

"W-why?" Lianne said, though the horror in her voice said she already knew.

"Penance, Miss." Curt pulled away from her, brushing the long fringe of his hair from his face. "Precautionary penance, that is."

Lianne wet the towel again and dabbed at the leaking wound, trying to stop the blood from staining his undershirt. "Precautionary," she repeated, the word sounding the curse for her tone. "You'll have to explain."

Curt looked back to his beta, but Ivan made sure his arms were crossed and his look impartial.

"To keep the beast in check, Miss," Curt said, flinching as she turned his arm and ran a finger over a ring of bruises. "We're a danger to ourselves, to the pack and to the city if we aren't on guard at all times. Wolves are really just killers and rogues in their hearts. Selfish, lustful, violent. Dangerous."



Lianne rinsed the rag back in her bowl. The air was beginning to stiffen around her again with anger. "And the precautionary bit?" she prompted, after a pause.

"To make sure it never gets to that point." Curt met her eyes then, defiant. "You wouldn't understand, Miss. You are a human, and a lady at that."

Ivan's brow raised, but he didn't say anything as Miss Finn's lips pursed. The kettle spittled out a sharp song, and she stood. No one said anything as she dressed a teapot in a red-knit cozy and dumped a plants worth of mint leaves in. The movements were smooth and familiar to her. The pour of the water, the porcelain top clinking over the opening to cut the steam, the honey from a cabinet, the splash of milk in a little pitcher.

Seeming more calm, she stopped to take in Curt again.

"Every wolf has them." Curt burst out under her gaze, cringing even as he said it. "Thomas has one on his leg."

Miss Finn turned to the big wolf on her counter. Thomas tried to scoot away but that only pinched his wound and he grimaced.

"Let's see, then." Miss Finn said, sharp and quick.

"I'm shot and bleeding on your counter, woman. I'm not stripping off my pants for you too."

"Do as she says," Ivan ordered.

Thomas's mortification almost had him snapping a snarl in rebellion. But he leaned forward with a scowl and a tight arm to his abdomen to tug his pant leg up. Three, thin traps cinched the skin below his bulging calf muscle. The hair and the muscle on his legs almost hid them.

Miss Finn breathed deep through her nose and then back out her teeth. She turned to Ivan. "Anything I should know about, Beta?"

"None." Ivan gently tilted his head in a submissive gesture meant to calm her.

"Never needed them?" Her tone was mocking.

"Prohibited from using them, actually."

She blinked in surprise. "Why?"

"Priest wasn't keen on it. Said some have traps wrapped inside them already." He spoke without emotion, his arms still crossed and feet set wide while the knob of a cabinet brushed his shoulder.

"And you have that kind of trap in you?"

He shrugged. "Not every day."

"And we're talking about something else besides plain old morals, aren't we?" she said. "A trap inside that keeps you in check?"

Ivan didn't look away from her, but he didn't answer either.

She huffed in what must have been frustration. "And your priests?" she demanded of the boys.

your "They know how it goes." Curt shrugged, nudging the pile of bandages with his toe. "They're beasts themselves. You can have all the morals in the world, but without motivation to act on them..." At Miss Finn's glower, Curt's voice faded and he let his hair fall back in his face. "They do no one any good."

"So this is your motivation, then." With her lips twisted in disapproval, Miss Finn's eyes raked down every wolf in her kitchen. "Very well. I want them off."

Curt's mouth opened to protest, but she held up a sharp hand. "Not going to hear it. I am so livid at the moment, so livid, I can hear the blood singing in my ears. If you could just see... see the demons leeching off of you. Sipping at your blood like it's some treat. No. You're taking those off before I snap and bring in an exorcist."

leeching Curt and Thomas swivelled an alarmed look to Ivan.

Ivan hesitated. "It's part of their way of feeling safe with themselves, Miss, I don't think—"



Miss Finn slapped a towel against the table. "There's an exorcist two buildings down, Ivan. And if you think my salt is odd, you just wait to see what he brings."

Ivan watched her wrap the dishtowel around her knuckles. He forced his muscles to ease back against the counter. "Off they come, then, boys."

Sharing a look of concern, Thomas and Curt turned to their traps and began the painful process of unwinding the maws from their skin.

Ivan watched them for a moment, then turned his attention back to Miss Finn. She was taking even more bowls and ingredients from the cabinets, stewing in an anger so thick, Ivan could almost taste it.

Her anger tasted foreign to Ivan; something about it pressing a sliver of confusion—no, perhaps embarrassment between Ivan's ribs. His pack was falling apart; what with the Alpha's drink and Curt's traps and Luna's miscarriages. But it had been so long, far too long, since someone had cared enough to be angry about it.

Ivan busied himself with her dishes, not letting himself dwell on it. The pups had enough to deal with.

They soon fell into a comfortable rhythm. Thomas, drinking the water Ivan was having him down for the blood loss; Curt, gritting his teeth and breathing hard as he unwound trap after trap and setting them in the bowl Miss Finn had placed on the table. Ivan washed the dishes she handed him and piled them in a precarious structure by the sink.

"Get the iodine, Ivan, will you?" Lianne said, after a while, nudging him away from the sink with her hip. She washed the lemon and sugar off her hands. He could smell icing of some kind in the bowl on the counter, the sharp tang of citrus undercutting the warm, golden smell wafting from the oven.

"Where is it?" he asked.

"Second drawer under the sink in the bathroom. Get some gauze too."

Ivan followed her instructions—and then some, taking the time to spray down the blood in her shower and tidy the mess in her room. When he returned, the kitchen was swimming with the smell of the muffins on top of the oven.

"Let them cool." Miss Finn told him, tightly. She was sitting back by Curt's side again, holding a hand out for the iodine.

Ivan got his first good look at the kid's skin: striped with cracked scabs, bruises a full spectrum of colours and fresh infection. Ivan's blood knotted in his veins and the embarrassment in him pressed in on his lungs. He'd known it was bad. But seeing it laid bare like this caught him off guard. Alarm and guilt sloshed inside him, so much so he barely registered Lianne's fingers curling over his.

"The iodine, Ivan," she said, soft. He looked down to her, almost startled. "Give it here, love." She coaxed him, gently prying the iodine and cotton from his grip. "There, now."

Ivan hovered close as she tipped the iodine to the cloth.

"Here's how it going to go, then. I'm going to talk, and you three—all three of you, mind—are going to listen." She gently dabbed the iodine over the worst of Curt's cuts. "Good, then. Now, my grandmother used to say that everyone's got two wolves living inside them." Lianne began, her tone inviting. She pressed the iodine into the pup's shoulder.

Curt cringed, and Ivan ran an affectionate hand through the boy's white-blonde hair. When the pup leaned into his touch, Ivan moved close enough to let Curt lean his head on his stomach.

"I always got upset when she used the wolf metaphor," Lianne continued, watching the interaction with a soft eye. "But she wouldn't change it. Two wolves, she said. There's a good wolf in you, and a bad one. You have to feed the one and starve the other, she'd tell me. The bad wolf of hate and greed and spite—do nothing to feed him. The good wolf of kindness and love and compassion—do everything you can to feed him."

Curt watched her closely as she refreshed the iodine and moved to the next band of torn and bruised skin. Even Thomas seem entranced by her gentle movement and voice.

"It sounds like you're real good at keeping that bad wolf starved. But I think you're going in too heavy-handed. All that fear you tighten those metal teeth with..." She gestured to the bowl of traps, cracked open like clams and still glistening with blood. "It doesn't let your good wolf eat either. In fact, the fear might drip like a needle-feed to the bad wolf: keeping him just scary enough to breathe down your neck. This fear will kill you; leaves no room for mistakes or pardon or... or hope."

Curt pursed his lips, but didn't voice any dissent.

Lianne brushed her fingers over his brow, slick with sweat. "You don't believe me? You should have heard yourself, then. Telling me wolves were all about killing and lusting and tramping off rogue." She clicked her tongue and turned her attention back to the welts and scabs. "None of you are here to kill me or rape me or take me for your own, now are you?"

She waited for an answer, but was met with carefully blank looks. She frowned. "You're all scared spitless! Of your own selves. Well, I can tell you. That's not why you're here. Thomas, why are you here?"

Alarmed at being addressed, Thomas floundered for a minute. "Well, because- because Beta's here, Miss."

"And you're following him why?"

"Because he's my one chance to be in the Pack."

"And you want to be in the Pack, why?"

Thomas was confused. "Wolves without a pack are... are.... well, like a man who'd been told he's dying."

"So for love of community and kin, you're in this apartment here."

"...Sure?"

"Ivan, love, why are you here?"

Ivan hesitated, then cleared his throat to find his voice. "To make things right, I suppose."

"And, Curt. Why are you here?"

"Because of Beta," Curt answered, quick to catch on. "So, for loyalty?"

Miss Finn smiled soft at him. "Loyalty, indeed. That means I've got community, justice and loyalty all standing right here in my kitchen."

The boys blinked at her for a moment. Their next breath straightened their shoulders a fraction for pride. Even Ivan felt the twist of embarrassment in him unwind a fraction.

"These are good wolves, I see here," Lianne insisted. "Wolves that protect and fight beasts and keep back the demons at night. They make sure mutts like William don't win. Without wolves like you or your alpha I'd be strapped to some bed somewhere with his stench all over me."

Ivan stiffened at the picture. Curt's brow furrowed and he growled. Thomas gnashed his teeth. For some reason, this made Lianne smile. "Remember who you want to be and live that way—it feeds the good wolf." She brushed her drooping tie of curls off her shoulder and ran a finger down Curt's cheek. Her touch soothed the pup's lingering growl and he blinked at her in surprise. "Much more effective than lording who you don't want to be over yourself anyway."





__________

__________ Continues in the next part. Keep going!

Read in one sitting if you can. Most oomph sort of impact, ya know?

Continues in the next part. Keep going!

Read in one sitting if you can. Most oomph sort of impact, ya know? Vote and Comment if you liked it. <3

Vote and Comment if you liked it. <3





17. Icing and Silver - II


She tied and cut each strip of the bandage into a knot with wiry ends that looked almost like bows. Her dark fingers wove through the movements with the efficiency of practise.





Ivan found himself watching her too closely, his ears tuned into her every inflection and his body feeling every move of hers like it were an extension of his own. Curt was softening under her touch, his muddy hazel eyes peering at her from under his mop of hair, and Ivan watched the scene with an odd sort of pain. She might as well be opening him up and crawling right into the places he'd felt so alone and tired for years now.

Ivan moved away from the pair, deciding it was time to pour the tea she had so carefully laid out before. He poured four glasses, the curls of mint leaves catching in the strainer he held over the cup.

"What sort of things feed the good wolf?" Thomas asked softly, in hushed tones of reverence. He took his tea from Ivan without taking his eyes from Lianne.

"Ha!" She looked up from Curt's arms, almost angry again. "You have so many things your side. Paved streets and big altars and, and raspberries! I've always wanted to try raspberries."

Thomas blinked at her over the steam of his tea. "Raspberries. You want us to fight off the feral with... raspberries?"

Curt's look hardened again in defiance and Lianne despaired. "What do your altars teach you?" Her voice clipped to a rushed and rote cadence of catechesis. "Seeking out all things good and true and beautiful. Blessed and holy in their season?" She frowned. "You've never heard this?"

"Holiness is taught," Curt said stiffly. "But raspberries rarely make the cut."

Ivan gave him a warning look as he poured another cup of tea.

"Of course, they don't." Lianne said bitterly, swatting Curt's fiddling hand away from his bandages. "Well. I'll have you know that raspberries—or the hope of raspberries, or hell, blueberries are the only thing like good holiness we got this side. We have to keep our eyes peeled wide open. Through the blur of whiskey glasses and cigarette smoke, we pry our eyes right open and wait. Any little sliver of goodness or beauty or truth—be it the gum off your side's boots, we take it to our altars and cry."

Curt had curled in on himself at her tone, but his hands were fisting, angry. Ivan paused, ready to intervene if necessary.

Thomas nervously sipped at his tea. "Meant no offense, Miss."

Lianne's eyes were still sharp on Curt. "That's how we fight demons and beasts here. How I fight demons. I keep flowers and paint in colours and hang pretty bottles and, in doing so, I remind myself that William doesn't win. The demons watching me close don't get all the beauty in the world. Ugliness and evil aren't everything."

I Curt's eyes met hers and he forced his hands to unfist, spreading his fingers on his knees. "I engage in penance, Miss," he said, with controlled patience. "To keep the ugly and evil out. So the beautiful and good can... come."

"And how is that going for you?" Lianne asked, sharp.

Curt almost bared his teeth at her.

Lianne sighed and bent to collect the bandages at her feet. "Now, I believe in penance. I do. There is something so holy about it, it pierces the heart of the most persistent of demons. But somehow you're using it to feed other demons." She dropped the web of bandages into the bowl with the traps. "Tell me this, Curt." She looked him right in the eye and his hands fisted again. "Tell me one beautiful thing you've seen this last week. Something good."

Curt's head tilted up a bit.. The earnest, defiant light in Curt's eye said he saw the good, beautiful sitting right before him. Ivan felt his lips tip up at their corners, but Curt wisely kept his answer inside him.



Lianne took his silence for a lack of an answer, even as his fists uncurled. Her eye flit to Ivan's, annoyed. "Hand me my tea, here, Ivan."

She took the cup in one hand and Curt's wrist in the other. She wrapped the pup's long, pale fingers around the rim with no handle and raised it between them. "This," she said, the steam tumbling over itself with her breath. "This is a beautiful thing. It's warm. It smells nice."

She eased his hand and the cup down to the table and reached for the milk across the way. Ivan passed it to her and she added a generous splash. She guided the cup to Curt's lips. "Drink. There, now. See? Mint and milk and someone else kind enough to make it for you. That is a grace straight from whatever holy thing's got its eye on you."

She let go of his hands and the cup dropped an inch from his mouth. Curt licked at the tea left on his lip.

"You wait," she said promisingly as she stood. Her quick hands pried a hot muffin from its tin; it had expanded to be as big as Ivan's fist, golden and with a little cap where the dough grew past the tin's borders. The wolves watched, entranced, as she set it on a plate and took out the blue jar of butter.

Ivan's mouth watered as she cut it in half, smearing the butter over the steaming insides. Breathing in the thin strand of steam that reached him over the smell of mint, he felt the taste of cake and hot blueberries tease the roof of his mouth.

"God, that smells good," Thomas said, like a prayer.

Three pairs of eyes widened further as she poured a thick white icing over the reassembled muffin. It caught in the ridges of the capped top and slipped like waterfalls down its side, puddling around the golden bottom with a slow spread the consistency of honey.

Lianne set the plate before Curt, who'd folded his hands before him so tight, his biceps stretched his new bandages.

"Well," Lianne, said, when he didn't move. "Eat."

Curt looked up to Ivan, and Ivan, though it took a lot of restraint, gave the pup a permissive nod. Wolves ate in order of rank, a protocol Ivan rarely held his wolves to. But, for the first bite of these muffins, Ivan was sorely tempted to enforce the ridiculous rule.

Gingerly, Curt set his tea aside and reached for the muffin. He leaned over the table for a bite, licking the crumbs off his lips.

Thomas had lowered himself to his feet. Though he still leaned most of his weight on the counter, he stretched his nose toward Curt and the small cake. "Taste like it smells?" Thomas asked, with a swallow.

Curt didn't answer as he chewed.

Lianne watched him closely. "Well?" she asked, after he licked the sticky icing off his fingers.

Curt nodded. "Thank you, Miss Lianne." He said, reverently. "May I, may I have another bite?"

She laughed, victorious. "Of course, love. That one's all your own." She turned back to the stove and Ivan and Thomas watched her like hawks while she prepared a second, then a third.

She gave Thomas his first. "Only 'cause I shot you, mind." She told him, while offering Ivan his own little plate, with pink and green flowers painted on the rim.

Thomas waited impatiently while Ivan toted the sticky mound of cake to his mouth, then dug in himself.

After such a night, with the blood and the smell of the Alpha's whiskey and Willaim's foul breath, Lianne Finn's muffin tasted like some sort of yellow light come to cleanse him from the grime and sweat and tears of it all.

Lemon blueberry muffins, the icing with little curls of zest that lingered on his tongue.

By the time he'd swallowed, Thomas' was gone. Ivan found himself laughing as the wolf smeared his big finger over the plate so as not to miss a drop of the icing. Even Curt laughed a little.



Lianne snatched her plate from him. "Give it here, wolf. Before you start licking it." Thomas' hands followed his plate, but she slapped them away. "Mind you've been shot. Sit back on the counter before your stomach falls out on my kitchen floor. I'll get you another."

Thomas was on the counter faster than any brawler should be able to move, especially one recently shot. Lianne laughed and prepared them each another. Ivan waited until the boys had begun to eat theirs, before he gently pushed his plate back into her hands. "You should have one."

She smiled at him, sly for being caught dealing all six to her guests. "Nonsense, Ivan. I can make these any time."

Ivan hesitated, then took another bite. Heaven. "Thank you, Miss."

"Glad someone's here to enjoy it. I always need to do something after..." she glanced to her room. "Yes, well. Besides, it proves a point." Her sly smile returned. "Feed the good wolves and all."

Ivan's brow furrowed but he smiled for her through his bite.

She went back to Curt, tucking a stray lock behind his ear while he frugally portioned out his second. "You liked that muffin, did you?"

Curt looked up to see if she was asking in earnest.

"See." She sat herself back down. "It's good to remind yourself that there are delicious and beautiful things in the world. Even in slums like this. And if good food reminds you of the good world you want to protect and be loyal to, then I'd make sure you go someplace once a month for the sort of food that makes you want to stay alive to enjoy it a second time. Homemade, watch-it-bake, still-warm-on-your-plate sort of food."

She took the muffin tin to the sink, the dish towel as an oven mitt. "Hell," she said lightly, though she didn't meet anyone's eyes as she ran the water for the pan to soak. "You could even come here if you like." She turned off the tap and wiped her hands on her apron, almost nervous. "But this is a one-wolf invitation mind. Well, three-wolf, since I guess the both of you can come as well. But I'm not feeding a wolf I don't trust."

Curt, in a surge of emotion, stood to his feet. In his undershirt and suspenders, peach skin bandaged in loops like a mummy, he bowed to Miss Finn. "I'd be honoured to sit at your table, Miss. Truly honoured."

Thomas too tried to stand, but groaned. "I second that sentiment." He pulled at the bloody dish towel to his abdomen. "Though only if we can skip the shooting bit."

Lianne laughed as she folded the dish towel, and her eyes fell on Ivan. They looked at each other for a minute. The tips of her smile slowly fading; Ivan had no clue as to his own expression. Which was alarming.

He could feel his heartbeat in his fingertips on the plate. And muscles seemed to be unravelling and re-ravelling; he was being unmade and remade and unmade again.

People described the beginnings of mate bonds as a push animalistic instinct. A taking, a keeping—which was why marking often ended so poorly. But Ivan felt a different sort of push in him. It was more of a pull, really. Deeper inward, where he had to face things he thought forgotten long ago.

A longing. That's what it was.

A longing for things to be made right. For Alpha to have a son, and Tatiana to find peace in her heart at last. And Curt wouldn't bleed, and Thomas would stand up straight and Lianne— Lianne would smile, and maybe reach out to touch his face, and bake with blueberries or raspberries or anything she pleased without a demon down her back.

Seeing her, caring for her, wasn't a snarl and a grab. No, it was more of a wolf's cry than anything. A howl for things to be fixed and whole again—and in this new world with things where they should be, he'd be with her and she wouldn't care he was a wolf. Perhaps he wasn't even a wolf.

It took all of two seconds for his training to scan these new feelings, just enough time for him to tighten his fingers on that plate and swallow the alarm of it with a smile. "To eat at your table, Miss Finn, has been a singular pleasure. A treasure of a moment in my tired, Beta years."

Her smile deepened, but in a sad way that said she noticed he didn't promise a second time. "Yes, well," she said. "You're not eating at my table, technically. You're left holding a plate at my counter. Forgive my lapse in hospitality."

Ivan finished off the last bite of his cake, not really tasting it. "Nothing to forgive. Shots, traps. You've had four men bleed in your apartment in the last two hours. A counter suits me fine."

Lianne frowned, counting. "Four? Ah, yes." She looked sidelong at her room.

"I cleaned that up, by the way."

She blinked at him, surprised. "Thank you," she said with feeling after a moment.

Ivan gathered the boys' plates and brought them to the sink. "I said I'd take care of William, Miss, and I meant it."

Her hand reached out and brushed his arm; light fingers over his bare skin. For some reason, probably because he'd made sure to avoid it as he crossed the kitchen, her touch burst in him like a series of explosives set at the foundations of a house.

And here's where the take-and-keep came from.

"Thanks all the same." He heard her say.

Ivan breathed in, slow, letting her scent rebuild him. "Anytime," his voice said, more of a murmur than a sure statement.





__________

__________ Two updates! This bit's key. So... it needed some extra TLC.

Two updates! This bit's key. So... it needed some extra TLC. May I point out that Lianne has limitless dish towels. It is her secret super power. Perhaps her calling.

May I point out that Lianne has limitless dish towels. It is her secret super power. Perhaps her calling. I dedicate this to my wonderful mother. Who has had lemon and blueberry scones (not muffins) waiting for me every time I've come from my tiresome travels. Willing to talk and laugh and cry over breakfast and coffee. Love you, Momma! xx

I dedicate this to my wonderful mother. Who has had lemon and blueberry scones (not muffins) waiting for me every time I've come from my tiresome travels. Willing to talk and laugh and cry over breakfast and coffee. Love you, Momma! xx I do apologise for the Wed update. But it might be that way for the next few months. Holidays, then a move back to Chicago and getting a degree? Maybe??? Yikes.

I do apologise for the Wed update. But it might be that way for the next few months. Holidays, then a move back to Chicago and getting a degree? Maybe??? Yikes. Next Update; Next Tuesday. Or Wednesday. :D

Next Update; Next Tuesday. Or Wednesday. :D Comment and Vote if you liked it! xx <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it! xx <3





18. Soap and Wrinkles


Ivan coaxed Lianne back into bed. Uneasy that he heard every push and pull of her heart from the other room more clearly than his own, Ivan busied himself with the dishes. She seemed to settle in easier knowing the wolves were staying in her flat for the night; she even kept her door open a crack. Slowly, her breath smoothed into sleep. He prayed she was too tired to dream.





The pups took over the living room for the night—Curt making a fuss over the reek of Thomas' blood on the couch and Thomas swearing it was better than the cat piss soaked couch at Mrs Whimble's. Curt took the armchair regardless.

The flat lapsed into a sleepy quiet. Ivan had tap running soft and, through the window gap in the cupboards, kept an eye on the pups in the other room. They were all tucked into their borrowed quilts and embroidered pillows, Thomas' frame contorted into the couch like sardines in one of his cans.

The big wolf's voice broke the stillness with a loud whisper. He meant to address Curt alone, but his cavernous build didn't lend itself to hushed tones. "I feel..." he began, then frowned, at a loss. "I feel different ," he said, finally, sounding disappointed with the word.

different Curt lowered his quilt a fraction. "You mean like you've been shot?"

Thomas threw his pillow at Curt, and Curt, with a hushed growl, threw it back. Unfortunately the scout's force couldn't match the brawler's and Thomas picked the pillow off the floor with a smirk.

They laid in silence for a while. Ivan quietly rinsed the plates.

"There are legends," Curt said presently, his hushed tones more serious this time. "About Lunas who used to reign in the old times."

"And?" Thomas whispered when Curt's words faded into quiet.

"Well, and, they had rumours of miracles. Nothing like the hair thing; that's weird. But they... healed, I think. And kept the peace. And gave wolves something to believe in."

"And you think..." Thomas' voice trailed off with a frown.

"I'm not saying anything about what I think," Curt hissed.

"Then why are you telling me this?"

"Because you said you felt..." Curt yanked his quilt to his chin. "Never mind, then."

"No, Curt. Come on," Thomas whined.

Curt didn't answer.

"Curt, I'm sorry. Finish the story."

Curt paused, as if considering Thomas' plea. Then he sniffed superiorly and let himself be drawn back into the telling. "Well, they say that the most powerful Luna of all... I don't remember her name. But I remember they say she prayed over a beloved pack member once and brought him back to life."

"As in, from the dead?" Thomas whispered into the dark.

"Yes, from the dead, you idiot. That's why it's so impressive."

Thomas held a reverent silence. "Wow."

Ivan knew the story. It was generations past now, embellished with time and dreams of a place death couldn't reach.

"Lunas aren't like that anymore, though." Curt's statement resonated with a sadness that was almost childish.

"Well, maybe they should be," Thomas said, with equal simplicity.

Ivan dried the muffin tin with a fresh towel, the clean scent of soap and water slowly lapping over the memory of lemons and cake and icing.

"If anyone could save a person like that, it would be the Lady," Thomas whispered with reverence.



For some reason, the turn in conversation was disquieting for Ivan. "Boys," he kept his voice gentle, but it carried and the pups sunk deeper into their quilts. "Try to sleep now."

After a moment, Thomas sat up, his bulky body formed a black silhouette against the grey balcony light. "Do you think Miss Finn is a Luna, Beta?"

Ivan had a sudden and sickening picture of Tatiana on the bathroom floor—although it was Lianne's face he saw damp with tears, her legs slick with blood, her eyes brimming with death and despair. Ivan closed his eyes to the image, surprised by the sudden rush of fear that pierced his chest, as if it had been waiting all night to swoop in and grab him.

"No, Thomas," Ivan kept his voice indifferent. "You're only a Luna if you're mated to an Alpha."

"Some people think that you can have a Luna first and then their mate becomes Alpha, instead of the other way around," Curt said tentatively.

Trusting the dark to cover him, Ivan rubbed his hand over his eyes. "I'm sure it goes both ways," he said. "But since Lianne— since Miss Finn isn't mated, it makes no difference either way."

Both boys were silent. He felt their eyes on him with the weight of questions they weren't brave enough to ask. He knew they saw Lianne as his; it was easiest for them to sit in her scent knowing she belonged with another. Ivan had let the assumption stand for their sake, but they were fools to think she would ever agree to be his mate.

"As far as you are concerned," Ivan pressed on. "Tatiana is our Luna. That is all there is to it."

Thomas squished himself back into the confines of the couch. "I'm not so sure that woman deserves the title."

"Oh, and Miss Finn does?" Ivan's voice sounded like a snapping of teeth. He cringed as both boys flinched.

"Sorry, Beta," Thomas whispered, though perhaps it was a whimper.

Ivan rested both his hands on the counter and breathed deep to soften his voice. "I know you are not in White Pine yet, Thomas. But I am. I will stand by my Luna, and not hear her insulted."

And there was no way Lianne was... he felt foolish to even think it. Besides, Curt had it right: Luna's weren't like that—with miracles and prayers and power. Not anymore. They might never have been.

"Yes, Beta," Thomas said smally. "Sorry, Beta."

Ivan sighed and left the kitchen. He leaned over the couch to brush Thomas' hair from his face, even as the wolf bared his throat to him, all bent triple on the couch. "You did good tonight," Ivan said. "Helping her, getting shot, taking off those traps."

Thomas blinked at him. He was twenty-odd and huge, but with his big black eyes blinking at his beta in the night and a quilt pulled up to his chin, he looked all the little pup. Ivan brushed back his hair a second time; wolves were best reassured with touch. "I was proud of you today."

He turned to Curt, who watched him in the dark with his lanky legs pressed to his chest to fit in the armchair. "I was proud of you both."

Curt looked away, as did Thomas, but Ivan felt a weight lift off the room, a relief after a long, hard night. "Now, to sleep. The both you. I'll keep watch."

"Wake me up when you need to sleep, Beta," Curt said, ardent to help.

Ivan smiled. "I will."

Of course, Ivan didn't. He eased the curtains closed to let the wolves sleep well past dawn.





The rattle and roar of the tram didn't wake anyone—and it came by twice. Ivan did the dishes, wiped the counters, and filled all of Lianne's hanging beer bottle bouquets with fresh water. Soon there was nothing to do but sit in her kitchen and watch the morning light seep through her curtains in shades of green and yellow. Rain was coming; he could smell it on the cold threads of a breeze that wound through the open window above the sink.



In the still of quiet morning, a knock sounded at the door. It was light, and soft. The way a trained wolf would knock if they knew a human was asleep inside.

Curt blinked awake on the armchair; he might have been desensitised to the beastly trams of this side, but he was trained to listen for little sounds like a footstep, a whisper, a knock.

Ivan held up a staying hand to the pup and crept to the entryway. Lianne's scent was too strong to smell anyone under the door, and they'd left it unlocked. Ivan set a hand to red-painted wood, apprehensive and listening for irregularities in breath on the other side. Hearning nothing, he forced himself to relax.

The door swung open to a tall wolf with handsome frown. "Red is a unique choice for the door to a flat," he informed Ivan flatly.

"Charles?" Ivan said, leaning back a fraction in surprise.

"I mean, the woman who painted it must fancy herself the queen." Charles rocked back on his heels as if for a better view and his frown puckered to a mock pout. "Subtle colours like black or brown or even a nice, dark blue—but no. It must be red!"

"What are you doing here?" Ivan asked, unable to keep the note of amused apprehension from his voice.

Charles was one of three Gammas of White Pine—the third tier of authority in the pack. But no one would suspect he ranked so highly among the Royal Wolves by looking at him. He wore no shirt, no undershirt, not even suspenders; just dress pants with rolled cuffs, leather work boots with too many miles in their soles and a plain cotton waistcoat with a low neckline.

"Aren't you happy to see me?" Charles feigned hurt, even as his pout tugged towards a grin.

"No, I am not," Ivan said. "Especially not so early in the morning."

"You wound me." Charles crossed his arms over his chest; inked into the gold-brown of his skin were blue patterns of wolves and moons and pines. Of course, with only a waistcoat for clothing, they were on full display.

Ivan could never tell if Charles truly didn't think about what he wore before he left the house or if he merely considered himself beyond and perhaps above the modes and vogues of the queen and her court.

"What's that look you're giving me?" Charles asked, raising a thick black eyebrow.

Ivan raised a brow in return. "Just realising how much you look like you belong on this side."

Charles looked down at his boots and tattoos and smirked. "If that's meant to be a compliment, I'll ask you to rephrase it. I pay way too much money for my cologne to have it belong with the piss and cigarette smoke out here."

Ivan almost smiled, but kept the door partially closed.

Charles noticed. "Not inviting me in?"

"It's not my house."

"Yes. That." Charles smile turned wicked. "Moved on in did you? And with the pups no less. So domestic."

"It's not like that. It was a long night last night..."

When Ivan didn't finish, Charles shook his head with a grinning tsk. "I'll bet it was."

Ivan didn't deign the innuendo in his voice worthy of response.

Charles laughed. "You and Kate!" he complained. "Too prim to laugh, but not prim enough to be squeamish!"

"I'm so sorry to ruin your fun."

"Ah, my fun is hard to ruin." Charles leaned forward, stopping with his nose a handbreadth from Ivan's shoulder. He breathed deep, his smile growing at the taste of Lianne's scent. "Mmmm, well she does smell nice." The laughter in his eyes sharpened a fraction. "Real nice. Holy hell, Ivan, how'd you find this one?"



Ivan gently pushed Charles upright again. "Lay off, Charles."

"Lay off? Beta takes leave, moves into the apartment of the sweetest smelling lady I've ever done smelt. And then—" he dropped his voice to a girlish whisper "—need I comment on your state of undress?"

Ivan resisted the urge to follow the wolf's mocking perusal of his naked chest, wrinkled shifters and bare feet.

Curt stood behind Ivan, scowling at Charles from over Ivan's shoulder.

This seemed to further tickle Charles' fancy and he again rolled back on the heels of his boots. "Got the pups trained too. Do they bite if I barge in?"

"Don't try my patience this morning," Ivan said, rubbing a hand over his eyes.

"Possessive and all! I've known you for, what? Ten years, now? Twelve? Even in training you never looked twice at a woman...."

"I haven't the sleep nor the time to deal with this."

"Or a man for that matter!"

"Last warning, Charles."

"She must be quite the lady to snag our picky Beta."

"I am shutting the door now."

"No, hey, Ive, please!"

But the door was already shut.

Ivan stared at army of bolts and locks on Lianne's door. He briefly considered turning the keys to nettle Charles. The idea was childishly gratifying.

As if reading his beta's thoughts, Charles groaned a laugh on the other side of the red wood. "Sorry, Ive! Beta!"

Ivan turned around to find Lianne frowning in the entryway and sobered his expression at the line between her brow. "Who's at my door?" she asked.

She was cold with the morning, her pink shawl tucked around her robe. All her curls had been stuffed into a headscarf of blue and gold patterns for sleep. He wondered, for a moment, what masses of curls hid behind the satin scarf today, but checked the absurdity of wanting to pull it off. Besides, it gave Lianne and her groggy frown a regal air.

Miss Finn. Miss Finn. Not Lianne.

He bowed to her, his eyes again landing on his wrinkled shifters. "Good morning, Miss."

She didn't curtsy and instead narrowed her eyes at her door.

"Is that her?" Charles' delight was muffled through the door.

"Who is that?" Miss Finn's repeated and her arms tightening under her chest.

"Charles, Miss," Ivan answered. "Gamma of White Pine."

Her nose wrinkled, like his words had a stench. "And why, pray, is he here?"

Ivan felt a muscle in his jaw click. "I wouldn't know."

"Well, why didn't you ask him?"

"Kate sent me!" Charles offered helpfully through the door.

"Kate?" Miss Finn demanded.

"Gamma-Delta of White Pine."

"Hell." Her lips twisted. "Is all of wolf royalty determined to show up at my door at such an ungodly hour?" She pushed past Ivan and swung the door open.

Charles was grinning on the other side, his hands tucked demurely in his pockets. "Good morning, madam," he said with relish.

Miss Finn's cold eyes raked over him. Charles was handsome, even for a wolf, and he knew it. He was a hunter breed, and hunters were raised lean and quick, but with enough muscle on their frames to wrestle down a full-grown bear in the wild. Charles' lone, scrap of a waistcoat did little to hide all that strength.



Despite the appeal of his build, Charles was primarily known for his slow-dawning smile—yes, that smile, the one he shone over Miss Finn as her eyes met his.

Every time the hunter smiled the universe hitched in its spin, leaned in slow and took a good, long look at whatever dear woman had caught Charles' fancy. Poor thing. Not that the women seemed to mind; smiles that reigned in the universe were in high demand.

Ivan realised with a prick of amusement he might be jealous.

Miss Finn didn't seem overly impressed by the cosmic effects of Charles' attention. She tightened her shawl around her shoulders. "What is it with wolves and nudity?" she said with irritation. "I wake up to three shirtless wolves and open my door to find another one. That waistcoat hardly counts as clothing."

Charles, surprised, almost laughed. Recovering, he fiddled with the cloth-covered buttons on his waistcoat. "If it's bothering you, Miss, I can just..."

Miss Finn slapped his hand away from his buttons. "Don't. The neighbours will think I run a strip joint."

Charles choked on his smug smile and he coughed out a grin. "Well. We can't have that." His eyes flit to Ivan's, a gleam to them. Women from their side didn't talk about strip joints; women from their side were reduced to simpers and sighs when Charles was around.

Ivan's jaw locked for the second time. And Miss Finn was only getting started.

"I don't run no all-wolves-welcome house here either," she was saying. She was so short, but somehow was able to look down on the hunter. "Three's plenty. So you can scamper back to your Kate and tell her to keep her damn wolves and their skimpy waistcoats to herself."

Charles' eyebrows rose again with the thrill of her tone. He didn't look back at Ivan. All his hunter focus was now on Miss Finn, in her robe and shawl and headscarf. "I'd pay a hell of a lot of money to see Kate's reaction to that."

Miss Finn frowned. "Go tell her and see then." And she closed the door in his face. When Ivan met her eyes, she was scowling, as if it all was his fault.

Charles laughed through the door, "No, wait." He knocked on the door again, still laughing. "Please, Beta. I really do need to talk."

Ivan was watching Miss Finn. "I'll meet you in Mrs Whimble's, Charles."

"That's not the flat behind me, is it? The one that smells of cat piss and bad wine?"

"The very one," Ivan said, feeling a little better for the grimace in Charles' voice.

"Ah, hell, Ive. Beg the pretty lady, then. A cup of coffee, a swig of tea for a poor, travelling wolf. Don't doom me to the cats, madam. I'll be real, real good. Get me some clothes and I'll even dress proper for you."

Miss Finn's scowl softened with humour. "I have nothing that'll fit you, wolf."

"A bath towel then? One of your fancy head-scarves. Hell, an, an apron?" Charles pleaded, leaning closer to the door.

Miss Finn scoffed at the image, then frowned, as if her own laugh betrayed her. She opened the door again. "Would you cook if I gave you an apron?"

Charles, leaning on arm on the doorjamb, grimaced. "That might be a dangerous ordeal for all involved."

Miss Finn clicked her tongue in disappointment, pretending to consider it for a moment. Finally, she let the door swing wide and brushed past Ivan towards her room. "Make your own coffee or tea. Curt—you know where the kettle is."

Curt frowned. "Why's it always me with the kettle?"

Yawning, Thomas hauled himself up from the couch. Then sat back down with a groan as his aching muscles reminded him he'd been shot.

Charles still waited at the threshold but frowned at what he could see of Curt in the water-yellow of morning light. "Hell, pup. What happened to your arms?"

Curt reached impulsively for one of his traps, scowled at their absence and shrugged his answer. He ducked away to the kitchen.

"Thomas," Ivan said. "Get the gamma and me some clothes, please."

Thomas, his hand to the four pucker wounds in his stomach frowned. "Ah, Beta, I just woke up and—" He cut himself short when Ivan raised a brow.

Thomas scowled, but gimped his big frame across the living room.

"Who shot you?" Charles asked, even more of the good humour slipping from his voice.

"The Miss," Thomas grumbled as he shouldered his way past them to Mrs Whimble's flat.

"That little woman?" Charles said, casting an alarmed look to Miss Finn's door.

Ivan didn't answer, his arms crossed and his frown heavy.

Charles tried for one of his smiles. "Well, now I really want to see her up against Kate."

Ivan closed his eyes. "I think that should be avoided."

Charles laughed. "Ah, now, Beta. For whose sake? Hers or Kate's?"

Ivan sighed, almost smiling sadly, "My own."

Charles laughed.

For as much as the wolf pushed protocol, Charles knew when to show deference. He had Miss Finn's permission to enter the flat but waited all the same for Ivan's permission.

Ivan stepped aside. Charles grinned, baring his throat in thanks, and sauntered right in. "Wow. Yellow floors. Goes nice with the red."

"Don't make me regret this," Ivan said and followed the wolf to the kitchen.





____________

This week and next week's updates were last min additions to this draft. I figured we needed a little breathing room before the action starts up again. I am not as happy with some of the character interactions here, so maybe I'll get to fixing them before next week.

This week and next week's updates were last min additions to this draft. I figured we needed a little breathing room before the action starts up again. I am not as happy with some of the character interactions here, so maybe I'll get to fixing them before next week. Comment and Vote if you liked it!

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3

<3 Next Update; Next Tuesday. (or Wed. Because.... holidays.)

Next Update; Next Tuesday. (or Wed. Because.... holidays.)





19. Porcelain and Riverwater


Ivan led Charles to the kitchen where Curt was fiddling with the stove. With a light growl of frustration, the scout slammed his fist twice between the burners as Miss Finn had done the night before and the smell of gas finally wheezed into the room. The flame caught on the stove's ring with a swoosh.

Charles helped himself to the rickety kitchen chair and Ivan pulled out another at the head of the table. The night before weighed on him, heavy like the cold river water that seeped through their dam's defense. It sloshed in his bones as he sat.

Charles was watching him too closely and so Ivan rolled his shoulders back to soften his posture.

"That rough, eh?" Charles said anyway, leaning back on his chair's short leg.

Curt slowed in his coffee preparations, his eye drifting to Ivan with concern between his brow.

Charles noticed and shrugged a smile for the pup's sake. "Should have known our Beta couldn't rest. Even on leave."

Ivan felt himself smile a little. "You've been on my back about that. Since we were pups."

"Since you were a pup," Charles clarified, his smile widening with all the stories he could tell. "I've got years on you, kid."

you "Four. Four years."

"Someone in this pack has to keep you young. Why else'd you drag me into this rotten job?"

Because he was the most stable hunter Ivan had ever known. But reminding him of that always prompted Charles' most deviant behaviour out of principle.

Hunters bred dangerous and volatile. Once locked on a target, they tended to lose the fine tunings of pain registration--be it their own pain or another's. It made them ruthless, unflinching bastards and, more often than not, left them a few degrees deranged. And while Charles had his beautifully false smile, a penchant for women, and a toe on the line of propriety; he was no sociopath and all his hunter tenacity was locked on the well-being of his pack. Ivan wasn't about to let that slip through the cracks of military administration.

"How are the negotiations with Cutting River going?" Ivan asked.

Charles' smile tugged to the side. "Pretty, polite, honest.... they're definitely here for the title."

"They've said as much?"

"Oh, no. There's too much simpering for that. But me, I see their fangs when they smile." Charles' own smile peeled back to show the edge of his canines. That was the grin hunters were known for. "Takes a beast to know a beast. You know, if you and Kate would just let me at the Queen—the Royal Wolf title would be ours on a more permanent basis. I'd have her hanging on my arm making all the promises Alpha could ever want to hear."

Curt bristled. At the least one of his wolves had a semblance of respect for Her Majesty.

"No," Ivan said, beleaguered, and rubbed his temples.

"Just a pretty word, a brush of a hand—she'd be mine, I swear it."

"Kate made some pretty good threats last time you brought this up."

Charles' grin dimmed.

His expression flinted a spark of old humour in Ivan. "What'd she say again?"

Charles tugged at his waistcoat's collar and grumbled something.

"Can't hear you, pup."

Charles snarled, but bared his throat to show he didn't mean it. "That she'd call my grandmother and let her know I was further up on the mating list."



Ivan felt his lips stretch in a fuller smile. "Exactly."

The only thing that kept hunters in check were better hunters with greater goals. Charles' grandmother was a fierce she-wolf of prestigious breeding who was dead set on seeing Charles bred for the family line. She lobbied for him to find a mate with the same determination Charles employed in dodging every missive, call and visit the pack breeders paid him.

Thomas came in, wearing thick-knit black sweater that brought attention to the dark stubble shadowing his jaw.

Charles fixed his smile back in place, a note of relief in his voice for the interruption. "Looking good, Tom-pup!"

Thomas had been handing him one of his dress jackets, but withdrew his hand at the moniker. "The name... is Thomas ," he said with an affronted growl.

Thomas Charles laughed and pried the blue wool out of the brawler's grip. "Never said it wasn't."

Thomas let go, his lip curling. "You want people to call you Charlie?"

Charles shrugged into the jacket. His smile for Thomas curved slow and sensual. "Only the ladies call me that. But if you want to, pretty boy, I might make some exceptions..." He held his smile to watch Thomas blush under his stubble, then laughed. "Only joking, pup. Though, hell Tom, you are a big one. Rarely is it I wear clothes that don't fit me in the shoulders."

you Thomas scowled, hunching into himself. "Not my fault you're scrawny."

Scrawny was so far from the truth, Charles barked another laugh. However, something in the pup's posture told him not to push it.

"Today is your day off, isn't it?" Ivan asked, pulling his white sweater over his head.

"That's right."

"How'd Kate rope you into this then?"

Charles gave a look of false chagrin. "She may or may not know I am here. I intercepted her runner and decided to bring you the message myself. To check in on you and all that."

He met Ivan's eyes as he said it, but there was a testing note under his smirk.

Either he was here to gather information—for himself or maybe Alpha— or there was something Kate, in all her loyal propriety, was unwilling to put in a letter that Charles felt needed saying. It wouldn't be the first time.

"How considerate. I am honoured." Ivan stretched his legs out under the table. "Permission to report, then."

Charles' lips softened out of their smile; to anyone else his expression remained light and careless. But his eyes, a brown that always warmed like stained glass, were steady on Ivan's; steady and sad. "Luna's lost the pup."

Curt and Thomas both sucked in air like they'd been hit.

"I know," Ivan answered, softly.

"Kate said you did." Charles sighed, shaking his head.

"And the others?"

Packs were interconnected, almost living entities in themselves. A miscarriage from their Luna ricocheted like a bullet caught in a ribcage: premature births, miscarriages, months of infertility; mothers died in labour, the operation room, post-partum. A healthy birth and healthy mother became a rare and miraculous gift.

"The medics have called in all expecting families to the infirmary. They'll stay in emergency housing until we're sure this bout has passed."

"Good."

"Two mothers have already gone into labour. One will be a stillbirth, they say. The other retains a heartbeat. But... the babe is only twenty-two weeks along."



Ivan felt the air slip out of his lungs. "Hell," he said and leaned forwards to rest his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands. The pup would have a chance of survival at twenty-two weeks. Maybe. But when they entered times like these, everything went wrong.

Charles leaned forward too, elbows on his knees. Close enough that the pups couldn't see, the gamma let all pretense of a smile slip away. His loose black hair slipped from behind his ear to brush his chin and Ivan braced himself.

"I don't know how many more of these we can take, Beta."

Ivan breathed in quietly between his teeth and nodded.

They'd only had twenty-eight pups born to the pack in the last ten years—and they were a pack of thousands. Luckily, they recruited families, so their numbers only hurt marginally. But, hell. One could only sustain a pack's morale for so long when their young were born dead or dying.

If he thought about it too long, the weight on his shoulders tripled, the mortar of the dam cracking and water rushing through with a roar in his ears.

"What would you have me do, Charles?" Ivan's voice was between a growl and a grimace.

The silence was so long, Ivan looked up.

Charles held his eyes, the stained-glass brown beginning to burn like a cathedral on fire. Ivan had seen that look before. A fair few in the Pack felt if their Luna was different this wouldn't be a problem. A daring fewer felt that if their Alpha was different....

Ivan's lip curled over his teeth. "Don't," he told Charles. This time he really did growl.

Charles, to his credit, didn't flinch. "I didn't say anything."

"Best keep it that way." Ivan's voice was still too low. His influence squeezed the room, trying to keep that weight like water in him from spilling over and pounding down on his wolves with fists of current and foam.

Dissent in his chosen ranks. The pack could weather many things—change, sorrow, death. But not dissent, not disunity. He'd prayed it would never come to that.

Ivan breathed deep and straightened.

The pups, wide-eyed, bared their throat on instinct without really knowing why.

It was seeing William again that had him this high-strung. He'd been able to keep that particular current of thought from pulling him under for so long; he wasn't used to the added weight.

Charles leaned back too. He took the fire in his eyes and pressed it back deep in his chest, then bared his throat in submission. Ivan ran his hands down the wrinkles of his shifters, but nodded his head, grateful.

"We have eight couples expecting," Charles continued, as if nothing had happened. "Doctors are saying we can hope for two safe births if we are lucky. Tatia- forgive me, Luna carried her pup longer this time."

Ivan nodded, slow. "Extend to them my condolences and prayers."

Charles nodded, and they fell silent.

Then Ivan carefully said, "Luna suffers in this too, Gamma."

At his own title, Charles' upper lip twitched. "I know."

There was a heavy pause. Curt kept his movements quiet as he set out the teacups on the counter.

"The womb that bleeds for thousands," said Miss Finn from the entry to the kitchen. In the tension of the moment, her soft voice brushed over the room like a cool hand to a fevered brow.

The wolves swivelled to look at her, surprised to be caught unawares.

Ivan frowned at her words.



Her lips folded in a gentle smile when her eyes caught his. "The dream. From two nights ago, now." She turned to Charles; her lips softened and her eyes crinkled in sympathy, the soothing, warm smell colouring her scent again.

In a world that kept them on a tight leash, wolves rarely received pity. Charles stilled.

"I dreamed of your Luna the other night. I am so sorry for her loss. For all of your loss."

Charles' eyes narrowed a fraction. "You dreamed it?"

"I did." She straightened and ran her hands down her skirt. She'd changed, and the texture of wool caught the drowsy morning light to brush down her hips in folds of brown and gold.

Charles frowned, but didn't look away.

"It's too long a story for now." Miss Finn brushed past Charles' chair to tend to the coffee Curt had neglected in the press. "But your family... your pack. They will be in my prayers this week."

The hunter's eyes followed her as she moved. His eyes scurried from her full lips in a sorry frown, her strong but small hands on the french press, her gun in her pocket. It wasn't a possessive look-down, more of a reassessment. The sadness in her voice confused the hunter's prey-predator-peer calculation.

The moment stretched quietly, filling with the splash and rise of coffee in porcelain. The smell rose in the room like steam, the yellow twist of burnt coffee not quite sour enough to cover Miss Finn's scent. Breathing her in somehow made more room in the kitchen, rebuilding the dam Ivan had felt tumbling over his shoulders.

She gave Charles his coffee first, the big sleeves of Thomas' jacket bunching as he wrapped his hands around the teacup. The hunter waited until his beta received his.

The sharp-smelling coffee scalded away its own flavour on Ivan's tongue. Knowing the quality of this side, Ivan considered that a mercy.

Charles, too, winced at the heat and the taste.

Ivan braved another sip and sighed. "We've weathered this before, Charles. We'll do it again. While I am devastated for the families and grieved for the pack, I am not concerned. White Pine will see us through."

Charles' mouth was twisting with a look close to regret. "I've always respected that about you, Beta. Your... surety."

"Charles..." Ivan sipped his coffee and shook his head. "Tell me why you came."

"I came, Beta." His eyes skirted warily back to Miss Finn. "To ask you home."

Miss Finn didn't react, her hand steady as she poured her own coffee. But Curt and Thomas tensed.

"We can't leave," Thomas said, setting his teacup on the counter.

Curt looked to Ivan, panicked.

Charles raised a brow, as if to say the pups proved his point.

"I am not sure we can do this again without you, Beta. I'm really not." Charles pressed on, sure. "Kate would never say this. But Alpha isn't well—I say that with all the respect in the world. And the pack, we need stability. That's what you've been for us for years now. We need you."

It began to drizzle outside, a chilled and musty rain. Ivan took a deep breath and let the damp air cleanse his lungs.

"The pack, Charles, is strong. We'll pull through."

"We're not as strong as you might think."

"I am Beta of White Pine," Ivan said, a slight bite to his voice. "I know my pack."

"Well, our alpha seems oblivi..." Charles swallowed the rest of his words. "Forgive me. That was out of line."

"Yes," Ivan said gently. "It was."



The drizzle pattered on the balconies and streets outside. Charles looked down at his fists, his elbows on his knees. Down the back of his hands were the roots of a pine tree, splicing into thin shoots down his fingers. He seemed to study the distance between one root and the next, his jaw clenching and unclenching with words unsaid.

"I am honoured you came, Charles," Ivan said. "Your honesty and advice are always instrumental in my choices; as is your faith in me. But I am not only the wolf holding White Pine together."

Charles looked up from the tattoos on his knuckles. "You underestimate your influence in our pack. Your personal vendetta—"

He cut himself off and glanced at Lianne, hiding his grimace with a spluttering sip of his coffee.

Ivan was grateful for his silence. "Any vendetta I might have is only half of it." He made sure to meet Charles' fiery eyes. "Since being this side, I have come to see and believe things I never thought possible. We've been feeding evil by leaving our sins to rot in their own time here. Evil that has weakened us."

Charles' eyes narrowed. "Weakened us, how?"

Hunter breeds were strategists at their core. Strength and weakness; predators and prey—they kept their world divided in neat circles to make sure they always ended in the topmost tier.

Ivan traced the familiar crack down his cup with his thumb, the porcelain warm under his fingerprint.

"Weakened us with self-hate," he answered, "and fear and... hopelessness."

"You are talking about traps," Charles said shortly. "That's what the pup's bandages are about."

Curt winced.

"I am," Ivan said. "And I am not. It's more than that."

"I am no philosopher, Ivan. Much less a theologian." Charles sipped his coffee and frowned in distaste, either from the bad coffee or his next words. "I'll not argue with you, Beta. If you think staying here strengthens us--I will stand by you."

"I do think so."

Charles' eyes flit to Miss Finn again, this time less accusing and more challenging, as if daring her to be worth the fuss.

Ivan felt rather than saw Miss Finn raise her chin behind him.

Charles let his hunter smile fall back in place, raising a brow at Ivan's frown.

"I will leave this side of the river as soon as William is dead," Ivan promised. "And if you see him your side, do me a favour and tell him I'm waiting for him over here. It's about time he show his face. In person."

Charles leaned back in the rickety chair to force his light and easy tone. "Will do, Beta."

He downed the rest of his coffee and wiped his mouth with the edge of Thomas' sleeve. The brawler grimaced.

"If you're not coming back with me, I'd best get my ass over the river before Kate realises I'm gone." Charles slapped his hands on his thighs and stood.

Ivan followed suit.

Miss Finn was leaning against the counter, watching them through the threads of steam brushing her nose. She'd retied her headscarf; the folds of gold and blue hid all those curls yet made her jaw seem stronger, her cheekbones more prominent.

"Your hospitality, madam," Charles said with a flourish, "was greatly appreciated. Far superior to the reek of cats."

"Well, I would hope so," Miss Finn said testily, tilting her proud chin to acknowledge his bow.

Charles tried for one of those slow smiles again as he shrugged out of Thomas' jacket. "If you ever get tired of these pups, you call me up. I'm thinking you'd be fun to guard for a night."

"Oh, really?" Miss Finn raised her brow. "How'd you like it, Thomas?"





The brawler pressed his hand to the black yarn over his abdomen. "Miss," he complained.

Charles laughed and threw the pup his oversized jacket. He turned to Ivan. "Beta." His wolf smile remained, but he took a knee to bear his throat in deference--the formality a warning as well as a reminder.

Ivan's throat tightened. While there was a lot he disliked about his rank, the kneeling was his least favourite part. "You're a good wolf, Charles."

Charles stood and straightened his waistcoat. "If Kate finds out I've been meddling again, I'll tell her you said so. She trusts your choices and... so do I." The fire in his eyes focused. "I mean it, Ive."

"I know. I'll support you if she gets on your case. Your grandmother however... there you're on your own."

Charles laughed some. "I wouldn't ask it of you."

He bowed once more to Miss Finn, held Ivan's eye and said, "See you soon," in that jovial hunter way that always sounded like a threat.

Miss Finn followed him out and locked all five of her locks once the door was closed.

The pups sipped their coffee in silence as Ivan rinsed his and Charles' cup in the sink. He hadn't the stomach to finish his.

"Thank you, Ivan." Miss Finn's voice was soft behind him.

"For what?" Ivan asked, his voice still tight.

"For staying."

"Ah."

She took the cups to dry them and set them away.

"You're welcome."

The pups relaxed a fraction and Thomas went for a second cup of coffee.

As Miss Finn cleaned out the french press, her eyes were drawn to the window. She turned off the tap, suds still around her hands. "It's raining, isn't it?" she asked.

It was an odd question with the raindrops on the windowsill like beads on lace, so Ivan waited a moment so see if she required an answer. "It is," he said eventually.

The line of Miss Finn's shoulder curved with a weight of their own. She turned back to the tap. "We'll be going to the altar today. Work won't have me since the neighbours probably reported the gunshots."

"The altar?" Ivan asked; there was a sad tenor in her voice he'd not heard before.

"Yes," she said simply. "It's raining."

"And?" Thomas asked.

"I need to be there praying for the McKays."

Curt lowered his mug too. "Why?"

"Dreams, Curt," she said, still distant and sad. "Dreams."





________________________

Rats ate through the internet cables. But wonderful people came and set it all to rights!! Thank you Vodaphone. ;) And here's the update the rats chewed threw last night.





Rats ate through the internet cables. But wonderful people came and set it all to rights!! Thank you Vodaphone. ;) And here's the update the rats chewed threw last night.





Next Update; Next Tues/Wed.

Next Update; Next Tues/Wed. Comment and Vote if you liked it!

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3





20. Thunder and Squall


After Miss Finn finished at her altar, Ivan stood in the back of Riverway's motor garage, leaning on a stack of metal cabinets and politely refusing the third offer of their motor-oil coffee. The drizzle had stopped; and the thunder was apparently not deterrent enough for the neighbourhood's daily dose of gossip and brew.





They had left Curt at Mrs Whimble's. Betsy was returning with Helene for her day off, and Ivan wanted someone watching the flat.

That's what he told Curt, anyway. Really, the pup needed a few hours by the litter box to slough Miss Finn's scent from his skin. He was becoming too attached for his own good; following her a shadow too close.

By Ivan's own standards, he should be the one buried in feline dandruff and cat litter. But, like the thunder outside, something roiled uneasy in him.

Miss Finn's restlessness was doubtlessly a contributing factor. After her prayers, she'd come to soak in the god-damn-awful coffee and familiar gossip. A smile or two spread for a juicy story and a laugh, but her eyes stuck to nothing and regularly checked the garage entrance like she was expecting someone.

Even Thomas noticed it, frowning at Miss Finn while he held a tram car aloft for Jess to wriggle under for maintenance. She had them nervous.

So when scrambling footsteps sounded in the plaza, Ivan straightened off the cabinets and Thomas dragged Jess from under the tram to set the car to rights.

"Hell, Tom, what do you—" Jess began, angrily finding her feet.

Miss Finn noticed the change in her wolves and looked to Ivan. There was a note of apprehension, or alarm, in the lines around her eyes.

"Lady!" someone called as they ran, the voice young and piercing—loud enough for human ears to hear.

Miss Finn's eyes closed with a flinch, the title landing like a physical blow.

"Lady, come quick!" A second voice came with another set of footsteps, a girl this time. The rest of the garage heard it too; setting down coffee and motor parts to watch her ease a tin mug back on the worktable with shaking hands.

Thomas moved the garage opening and Ivan slunk to Miss Finn's side. She kneaded her temples and her carefully measured breaths broke in a shudder of swallowed tears.

"Miss Finn?" Ivan said helplessly, his hand hovering at her waist.

She shook her head; Ivan's hands had fisted and fallen to his side.

The first set of footsteps skid into the garage, the oil and drizzle slick on the smoothed concrete. Thomas blocked the child with his massive frame, catching the boy in the cook of his arm. "Easy now, pup. What's all this?"

The boy looked up at Thomas, his thin brown hands curling in Thomas' shirt."The Lady, I need the Lady. Hannah said I needed the— because little Keenan he—" The child's words fell apart in a burst of tears and he buried his face in the velvet of Thomas' waistcoat.

"Not Keenan." Miss Finn's voice cracked. Ivan had moved in front of her, but felt her skirt brush his ankle as she stood. "Of all of them... God. Not Keenan."

The second child ran in, bypassing Thomas as the brawler hefted the first boy into his arms.

Ivan moved to cover Lianne. The girl was a few years older, her bare feet and crooked apron caked in mud water from puddles. Her small, tear-swollen eyes sought out Lianne with desperation.

"Lady! Oh, thank God."

Lianne's fingers curled into Ivan's sleeve.

"Gently now, child," Ivan said, feathering his influence over the girl to ease her fish-eyed panic.



The girl choked on her own breath, panting with the run. She stumbled forward another step, her hand to the worktable. "Lady. You's needs to come, we—"

Lianne tugged on Ivan's sleeve, asking him to step aside. Surprised, Ivan hesitated.

"Lucy, love. You know I can't," Lianne said, stepping around Ivan anyway.

The girl sucked her lip between her teeth, her face drawn in pain. "Oh, Lady," she said, her voice drowning like the river. Ivan pressed his influence over her stronger than before, keeping her feet a safe distance away.

Lianne moved forward, but Ivan found his hand wrapping around her wrist in caution. Which was ridiculous, his protective instincts in overdrive. The girl was no danger, she was too small and too grieved to hurt Lianne and Ivan was worlds faster anyway. But his heart was pounding in his throat with a rising sense of alarm anyway; a premonition crackling in the air of his lungs.

Lucy noticed his hand on Lianne and her eyes swam up to his. "Sis' 'as lost four babies now. The Lady knows, she does. She's come to sing Hannah to sleep each time and, she- she can't loose another. Lady was even the one into praying little Keenan safe from Hannah's womb."

The alarm in Ivan tightened like a noose.

The girl's words began to slide together. "I was meant to be watching him, I was. He were just napping. But then— Lady, he's not breathing. He's got to breathe!"

Lianne pulled out of Ivan's grasp. He forced his fingers to uncurl from the assuring press of her pulse.

She reached for the child and tucked the girl to her breast. "Oh, Luce, love. I can't help her." Lianne stroked the rowed plaits in the girl's hair. "It's not my time.'

Lucy's cried harder, bony fingers wrapping in Lianne's collar. "Please, lady. Please."

A woman burst into the garage, holding a bundle of blankets. "Lady. Oh, God, Lady!" she cried, a look of horror twisting her face. Thomas moved towards her but Jess' hand on his arm pulled him to the side.

"Lady, you're Lady of the Lost, you are." The woman said, stumbling forward, tripping over the rain-damp cotton of her skirt.

Lianne ran a hand down Lucy's back. "Hannah, I..."

"Just look at him, Lady. Just look. Little Keenan. He, he..." the woman choked on her own voice.

Ivan could see the child now. A blue-grey face, with closed eyes. Dead.

Ivan's apprehension gave way to an empty ache that slipped cold hands between his ribs. The grief was familiar: little bodies that never breathed again to laugh or cry to play. The wrongness of it always left him cold and hollow.

Lianne stiffened too, taking the smallest of steps back. "It's not the full moon, Hannah. You know, I..."

Lucy grabbed her hand and tugged her towards her sister at the entrance. "You don't need a moon, Lady," she said, pleading. "You's is the moon."

is Lianne shook her head as she was pulled along; her eyes never leaving the dead baby.

The mother followed Lianne's eyes to the babe, as if letting herself look for the first time. Her whole body began to shake, her knees buckling and dropping her into a tangle of skirts. "My son, my son. My one son," she choked in a ragged voice, pressing the little body to her breast.

"Oh, Hannah. I know. I know, love." Lianne pulled away from Lucy and knelt by the woman's side in a spread of skirts.

Hannah resisted her comfort, pushing Lianne's hand away from the baby. For a moment, she hunched there, all the ridges in her spin pressed against the threadbare fabric of her dress, shaking with sobs too deep for tears.



"Hannah," Lianne tried through tears of her own.

Grief pulled a cry out of the mother that seemed to catch on every one of her ribs. A wail that bounced within the garage's metal walls like a bird in a cage.

The occupants of the garage pressed closer. The sound of her weeping brought the tips of fingers across the brow, chest and shoulders in the sign of a cross. Thomas copied the movement. Ivan couldn't bring himself to, but took a knee near Lianne and bowed his head.

The wail spread into the streets out of the garage, pressing down on Riverway like the weight of rain. It drew people into the garage. Prostitutes, half dressed and holding up silky shawls. Drinkers, too early to be drunk. River men, wringing their hats in their hand.

A man pushed through. "Hannah!" His whole self cracked and fell out when he saw her. Her and their little boy—Ivan could scent the family connection. "No, no. God, no."

Lianne held out a hand to him, but he fell to Hannah's side, his hand peeling back the blanket to reveal the dead child's face. "Keenan," he moaned a shaking hand to the dark hair on the child's crown. His wife turned and cried into his collar.

His eyes sharpened and honed in on Lianne. "Fix this," he demanded.

Lianne shook her head.

The man lashed out and fisted his hand in the scarf over her hair, yanked it off and letting the curls frizz around her face with the charge of rain the air. "Fix this, woman!"

Ivan growled at his tone and Lianne's flinch and everyone's sudden silence. Animal overrode reason, and he was at her side, one hand on her back, the other wrapping around the man's wrist between them and tightening.

"He means no harm, Ivan." Lianne brushed a hand over his tight knuckles.

Ivan let go, and the man took the opportunity to grab Lianne's hand in a plea, dropping the hat between them. "If there is any grace in the world, Lady. If there is any hope of right living —"

Lianne squeezed his hand back. Tears fell between her lashes, but she tried for a smile. "I'll hold him, McCay. It's no full moon. But I'll hold him. The least I can do is offer his body a bit of... peace." Her voice chocked on the last word, and she leaned closer to Hannah.

"There, now, love," she crooned. "Let me see little Keenan." Her arms reached into the bundle of blankets and she pulled out the small body. He could not have been more than eight months old, his plump little arms and legs as limp as a doll's.

She tucked the little one in the crook of her arm and rocked him, back and forth. Ivan felt a sob swelling within her, but she swallowed it down.

"Keenan, little one," she whispered. Bending over and touching her nose to the babe's. "So cold," she said, bouncing him a little in her arms. "How'd you get so cold?"

Upon seeing Lianne crouched over the body of a baby and the parents wrapped in each other to grieve, Ivan felt something in him begin to unravel: Tatiana and the pups and the pain of it all. He rubbed a hand down Lianne's back, gently reaching to cup her hand that held the baby's head.

As their hands touched and his finger slipped between hers to touch the soft tuft of hair on the babe's head, he could smell it: the dry and sharp smell of smoke; cold and grey, yet smelling sallow like sulphur. It coiled round the babe like a cocoon; it smelled like whatever crouched in her bedroom at night.

Lianne must have seen something herself, because she stilled. Ivan recognised that smell now: the stench of a curse or a demon.

An anger more fierce than any he'd felt in a long time wrapped around and around him, so tight he felt a growl slip from his chest.



While Ivan felt himself swell with emotion, Lianne crumpled, her body folding over like the child was her own. Her sorrow changed the taste of the air around them, twisting the smell of sulphur and ash and blooming in a sad purple flower of insence, heady and curling around them like a vine.

"My fault," she moaned into the neck of the child. "They take everything from me. It's my fault." Her grief fell to a place so low, even the parents could only watch, fisted in each other's clothes, caught somewhere between horror and hope.

But Ivan knew with a chill brushing up his chest that there was no hope in those groans. He moved to block the rest of the garage, taking a knee in front of her and pushing back her curls while she swayed. Tears tightened his own throat. Ivan rubbed his hands up and down her arms. "Lianne, baby," he heard himself say. "We should get out of here."

Her groans bit back into words. "Enough," she said. "Enough."

The sky finally broke, tearing like an old waterskin, and a great roll of thunder crashed with the rain to the stones outside. People at the back of the crowd pushed deeper into the garage with shhs and cursing. The lights flickered and sputtered, and then went out.

shhs And, then, the world changed.

The smell of rain and insence was brushed aside and something holy came and perched there in the middle of that garage across the street from the Dice and the Damsel. The chills spindled down down his spine, and, in a hurry, Ivan removed his hands from the woman and child. In the grey light of the storm and shadows, they, they glowed with a light as slippery white as the moon on water.

Lianne straightened, vertebrae by vertebrae, and looked at something only she could see dead in the eye. "Enough," she said again, her voice as sure as a whip.

Turning back to the boy, she brushed her fingers down his cheek. "No more of these deaths. No more." She kissed his blue-tinged cheek. Her hair caught in a cold cough of the storm and blew to the side, longer than it had been before.

The lights flickered on and off in the storm and Ivan blinked, unbelieving, at the glow hanging from Lianne's shoulders as if someone had poured silken pearl down her chest.

"I claim this little boy—beautiful Keenan McKay—for life." Her words were echoed by an angry clap of thunder. "Any blessing power I have been given, any at all, I pour over him now. He'll walk strong for years and kiss a bride at an altar and have a son of his own. He'll run and laugh and play. He'll cry and make his mama cry a good bit too." Lianne gave a teary laugh and kissed the boy's head, still rocking him as gentle as a cradle. Then she looked up, her eyes finding that evil thing she'd glared at before, and tightened her hold on the babe.

The smell rot and flesh and death seemed to congeal into a thick presence in the garage.

"Since this one is too young," she said, with force, "I am choosing for him: he'll live. You are taking him before his time."

And just like that, lightning shattered the sky, and the crowd startled with the flash and the boom, and the rain whipped through the open garage door in a curtain of cold water. Ivan blinked water back, they all did, and a little baby was wailing at the thunder, fisting his small hands in long strands of curls.

His tiny lungs sucked in a full body of air and he cried as if he'd never cried before. The squall cut through the crowd and the rain, turning everyone inside out.

Lianne threw back her head and laughed, water still spitting in and dripping down her head and her throat. "That's right, little love." She leaned down and nuzzled the wailing babe. "Sing for mama, love. Sing! You're alive!"

She looked up and her eyes found Ivan's. "He's alive," she told him with another laugh. "He's alive!"

The crowd erupted: the parents surged forward for their son, the prostitutes stripped away their pink, red, black shawls to swaddle the babe, the rivermen tried to hold children off the doting parents with strong arms and loud voices. But Ivan could do nothing but rock back on his heels and fall to the wet floor of the garage. He couldn't seem to find himself as the wind sloshed another sheet of rain into the garage.

The baby was taken from her, and his eyes left hers to follow the little boy into his parents' arms. When he looked again, Lianne was next to him, pressing her side into his. Startled, he pulled away from her, feeling boyishly overwhelmed. She laughed at him, giddy joy trembling in her fingertips as they wrapped around his arm.

"He'll live, Ivan," she kept saying. "He'll live."

Somewhere between the thunder and the lightning, the white glow around her dissolved back into damp and old cotton. Her hair was caught between frizzing about her ears or slicking like paint to her skin. But she was grinning and the rain water was caught in her eyelashes as she smiled at him. Or maybe those were tears.

She looked alarmingly beautiful to him.

Her. And the baby. The dead baby. Who was alive.

Things clicked into place for him a little too slow.

"Lady, Lady!" someone was saying, kneeling on her dress and kissing her hands like she was the queen herself. "You're beautiful, you are."

Lianne curled further into him, looking a little at a loss. She pulled her hand away and her smile wavered.

Another pushed that thanksgiver aside, and the rain spat on them all again. "Kiss my child, Lady, and save her from harm," that woman said, shoving a confused looking child under Lianne's nose.

Lianne pulled back, tucking her dress beneath her. "Ma'am, I'm sorry, but I—"

"Sod your child!" a man said, his bowtie and suspenders crooked as he shoved the mother out of the way to kneel and kiss Lianne's ankle. "Come, Lady, and save mine. He needs a wife but is as ugly as—"

Lianne interrupted him with a curse hand to her head. "My hair!" she exclaimed. Someone had grabbed a fistful of the curls off her back and, while they kissed the frizzy ringlets, they'd been too slow to let go when someone jostled them back.

Coming to, Ivan shoved the kneeling, kissing man out of the way and wrapped his big body around Lianne. She pulled into him, wrapping the ends of curls about her wrist. Thomas, too, was suddenly looming over them.

"Best get the Lady out of here," Thomas said, his back and shoulders catching the worst of the windy rain.

"Take the back!" Jess hollered, ducking under Thomas' elbow. "I'll have the boys block it off for you."

Lianne still looked a little dazed, so Ivan grabbed her by the shoulders and pushed her to the backdoor.





_____________

Happy New Year!

Happy New Year! Going to a party atm--no time for poitnless scribblings here.

Going to a party atm--no time for poitnless scribblings here. So comment and Vote if you liked it!

So comment and Vote if you liked it! Next update; Next Tues.

Next update; Next Tues. <3

<3





21. Coffee and Puddles


The metal door of the garage's back entrance swung open. The rain was falling from the rusty drainpipes in torrents loud enough to give Ivan pause. Even if the tram was running, they'd be drenched before they reached the stop.

Lianne's hand wrapped around his. Ivan looked down at her, alarmed.

She laughed at his expression and gave his hand playful tug. She grinned at him, a certain giddiness spreading beneath her smile. "Come on!" she yelled, and with a deep breath as if for diving, she pulled him outside.

Within seconds they were soaked, water streamed under Ivan's collar and sucked every inch of his clothes to his skin like a sheet of autumn ice.

But they ran through the crooked streets of Riverway as the water swished and swirled at their ankles in oily currents. The alleys were clear of people for the rain, and, away from the crowds, the joy of that baby's first cry had spread back under Lianne's skin: warming her hand in his and letting her breathless laughter fall between the rain. The cold, the rain, the warmth of her smile; Ivan was still lost somewhere in the memory of the garage.

Lianne pulled him to the side to catch her breath. She leaned against the peeling paint of an empty house, her hand to her chest to press her heart back to a reasonable beat. The water gushed from the edge of the roof and splattered over Ivan's shoulders, streaming strands of his hair over his face.

Lianne laughed at him and pulled him closer to her, under the awning. He had to spread his feet to not step on her toes or skirts, and there she was, almost touching him, trying to catch her breath between smiles and twisting sodden curls into a thick knot on her head.

With a prevailing sense of unreality after it all, Ivan reached out and picked a rope of curls she'd missed from her neck. The hair slipped through his fingers as she took it from him to tie it in place. His hand lingered there for a minute, by her cheek.

"What- what are you?" he said after a moment, more to himself than to her. It was a ridiculous question, but that premonition—that urgent unease—was pressing down his throat again.

"Not you too, Ivan, really," her tone was scolding, but she reached up and rested both her arms on his shoulders, pulling him even closer.

"You shouldn't be able to do that." Ivan continued, his brow twisting into a frown. At their proximity, his hands automatically found her waist. Under the water, he felt the curve of her stays and moved his hands back to his side.

"You healed that pup. From the dead," he said, breathless himself. The premonition unravelled itself and his hands began to shake. "And you dream of families; even in the Pack. My Pack. The deaths... the miscarriages."

Her smile flickered, the hands laced behind his neck tightened. "But Keenan's alive," she insisted. "Little Keenan. I felt him warm and alive and wriggling in my arms as clear as if I'd just given birth to him. He'll live and Hannah will—"

Ivan couldn't hear her anymore. He was back in her kitchen, with her gun on her table; the look in her eyes as she shrugged off her dreams and gifts. They made no sense to her, to this place. But—oh, hell—she fit like a missing piece in all of the pack legends.

"No, no. Lianne." Ivan pulled away into the rain, slicking his hair back with a rough hand.

Thunder crashed. The water from the awning poured between them in sheer streams like the torn shreds of a curtain. "The babe was just sleeping," he was saying, "and you, your warmth woke him up and—"

"He was dead, Ivan!" Lianne said, loud over the rush of rain. She slapped the water of the awning out of the way away and splashed towards him. The rain washed curl after curl out of her make-shift bun.



"He'd choked on something," Ivan insisted. "And the thunder scared his lungs clear. You couldn't have done that." The urgency in him coiled tighter and tighter, threatening to snap into something else.

Protective instincts won out and he found himself reaching for her, brushing the hair from her face. He bent over her, his shoulders hunched, and pressed his nose right where hers met the in-most curve of her eye. She blinked in surprise, and her wet lashes brushed his skin in a caress.

He breathed deep to calm the wolf down.

Lunas like that were legend.

Not real. Besides—she wasn't mated. It wasn't possible.

The rain was washing it away, but her smell of sun and flowers was there, under it all. "You didn't do that, baby," he said, shakily. "Tell me you didn't and it'll all be okay."

Her hands were pressed up against his chest and she shook her head, her nose brushing his. "I did, though." She smiled and pulled back an inch.

Ivan's hands slid down to her neck, his fingers finding where her pulse beat under the streams of water.

"The- the demons were there." She must have realised he was slipping away because she put her hands on his face, making sure his eyes met hers. "I saw them, I did. Laughing at me while I cried. But, suddenly, I just knew. I got angry and I knew. They didn't have to win. For the first time in my life, Ivan—the first time—I wasn't scared." She tilted her face back and laughed, beaming up at him. So bright, Ivan felt his heart buckle.

"Screw you wolves!" She yelled up to the clouds and sky. Ivan flinched. "Screw the curse and the demons and that god-damned wolf William with your scars on my skin!"

She laughed again, and as Ivan moved to disentangle her from him, she stood on her tiptoes, brought his face to hers and kissed him.

Ivan went as stiff as a board, freezing so abruptly with his neck bent towards her and his hands hovering at her side that Lianne must have found it funny because she smiled against his lips and kissed him again.

She tasted like the rain over their lips. And like laughter and giddy hope. Confused, he put a hand to her cheek, to push her back or angle those sweet lips better, he didn't know.

The urgency in him—from the garage and the babe and the man kissing her ankle and her triumphant grins—finally snapped, dropping him into a new feeling, coiling about him like a pit of snakes.

Fear. A terror with teeth that gnawed on that gold-chord of hope in him with a grin.

Her breath was heavy with the taste of that damned awful garage coffee and her lips were full and gentle, nervous even.

She was right here, he told himself, one arm winding around her waist. Right here. And the pack knew nothing yet. She was safe.

Sensing the turmoil in him, she pulled back and let the rain pour between them. But Ivan followed her mouth with his, wrapped his other arm around her and crushed her with another kiss.

Safe, damn it. She was safe.

She laughed a bit at him, bending under his weight, and he took it as permission to press closer, one hand going to the back of her head. Her fingers fisted in his collar—cold skin brushing his neck—and she softened against him, moulding her body to the bend of his.

Thunder boomed and lightning knifed through the sky, but neither noticed. Until she shivered, that is, cold.

Ivan's eyes snapped open and he pulled back so abruptly his teeth nicked her lip.



She put a hand to her lip, pulling it back with a spot of red. "Ow," she said, watching the rain wash the drop of red off her fingers. Surprised, she ran her tongue over her lip, a pink little tongue over the darker skin.

Ivan took another step back, feeling all the sudden like he might burst into a thousand pieces. For a moment there, he'd poured so much of himself into her that as he pulled back, now, he felt like he couldn't fit himself back into one body again.

"Hell," Lianne gave a gentle huff of laughter, running her fingers over her mouth. "I truly never thought my lips could get any bigger."

Ivan snuck a glance and cringed. There, in the rain, with her beautiful eyes, nose, chin, neck. The smoothness of her skin. And those lips.... A whirl of emotions—full of sunshine and rain, hope and fear—threatened to fell him.

"Miss Finn," Ivan tried, strained.

Lianne's eyes sharpened. "Oh, no. No, sir. You don't kiss me and then call me back by Miss again. I was Lianne a moment ago!"

She stepped forward, but Ivan matched her with a step back, his foot landing ankle-deep in a puddle. The rain had softened, but it still drizzled over her face and trickled under her dress and dripped off the tips of the curls sticking to her arms, chest, back. "Please." His voice was hoarse. "You're cold. We should go."

"You were warming me just fine!" Lianne said, stomping her foot with a splash.

Ivan frowned. "You shouldn't have kissed me."

"I can damned do as I please." She pushed some of that hair over her shoulder. He could hear indignation in her voice; indignation that hid hurt. "And there was more than one person doing the kissing, mind you." And under that hurt, she was embarrassed. She wiped her wrist over her mouth again, this time with more force.

Ivan groaned. "Come here, then," He grabbed her by the arm and dragged her back under the awning, out of the rain. They stood there, each with a shoulder to the wall. She crossed her arms and looked as haughty and mean, but he caught the shiver in her shoulders from the rain. He let go of her and sighed.

"I am a wolf, Lianne."

She looked up at him from the corner of her eye. Waiting.

"You don't like wolves," he reminded her, a little desperately.

She scoffed. "Did it feel like I wasn't liking you just then?" She tossed a hand toward the street, hitting stream of water from the roof. "'Cause that sure as hell wasn't what I was feeling."

Ivan grimaced. "No. But, damn it. Miss. I am a wolf. I can't just kiss people and walk away like you can. You have your life to think of. And I have my pack."

She huffed, shivering into her crossed arms again. "I know that."

"No. You don't. You're high off healing that babe and looking for someone to share that feeling with. But my sanity is at stake here. I start seeing you as mine, and that's it. Wolves mate for life."

She recoiled, "You'd take me to the Pack?"

Ivan felt the snakes of fear constrict in him. "No. I don't think so." He made sure she looked him in the eye. "But I'm not going rogue. I won't. Especially not for you."

Lianne curled into herself and Ivan cringed at his own words.

"Miss-"

She held up a hand to stop him but wouldn't look him in the eye. "I see just fine, sir. Thank you." Her voice was poisoned and cold.

Everything in Ivan wanted to surge towards her, to make it right.

Damn mate pull; made stronger by the irrational, impossible thought that she was a Luna, that she was Pack.

He closed his eyes to her and looked away. And they stood there for a minute, listening to the rush and splatter of rain dripping from every house in the alley.

She shivered. "Best go home then," she said, hollowly. Her teeth had begun to chatter.

Ivan nodded. He reluctantly offered her his arm, but she turned away from him and started up the hill on her own. He followed at a respectful distance behind.

Part of him was awful proud he'd been able to pull back and push her away.

The other part of him hated himself for it.





______________________________________

I dedicate this chapter to my lovely friend S.D.. You're one of my favourites and I always treasure our conversations about everything. ;)

I dedicate this chapter to my lovely friend S.D.. You're one of my favourites and I always treasure our conversations about everything. ;) I also just want to thank the readers that are still with me for your support and faithful views. This story quite a bit of my 2019, and I am excited to see it through in 2020 with you all. xx

I also just want to thank the readers that are still with me for your support and faithful views. This story quite a bit of my 2019, and I am excited to see it through in 2020 with you all. xx I am moving back to Chicago on Friday, so next week's update might not be until Wednesday.

I am moving back to Chicago on Friday, so next week's update might not be until Wednesday. Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3 xx

xx





22. The Smell of Blood


Rain had a way of upsetting a wolf's nose. In the forest, rain was like the ink that finally brought the trees and earth back to life. In the city, it merely unearthed how dead their lives were. Mildew crawled out of cracks, sewage crept up drains and all the familiar smells of people—the warm smell of dinners, cigar smoke and tea—were locked behind closed windows and doors to guard them from the weather.





Furthermore, all Ivan could smell was himself and Lianne. She wore his jacket, the wet wool heavy on her shoulders and musking her in his scent. Rain and Lianne aside, had he been less caught up in the baby, her kiss, his thoughts, he might have noticed it sooner.

As it were, Ivan opened the door to the apartment complex with a squelch and stepped aside for Lianne to enter. The warm air of the building reached for them, brushing his skin and slipping under his breath.

Before Ivan could register his own movement, he was whirling into the building and hemming Lianne against the wall—every instinct braced for danger.

Lianne caught herself by his shirt front, realised their proximity and shoved at his chest. "Ivan! Get your damned paws— oh, hell's breath. What is that?"

Bleach. Copious amounts of bleach.

Ivan kept his body caged around her, cataloguing the hundreds of smells and sounds that spread through the building. His eyes watered from the bite of bleach; the chemical was out of place, and that was concerning, especially because it masked all other smells so well. But that wasn't enough to rush his body with adrenaline.

The man's cheap vodka on the first floor, the sizzle of eggs on the second, the press of mould under carpet. Lianne's voice: "Ivan?"

"Shh," he insisted, closing his eyes to isolate his senses. The bleach was so thick, breathing was like taking in lungs of murky water.

There. Ivan pressed the scent to the roof of his mouth and his eyes snapped open.

Dribbling down the stairs like a thin vein in marble was the scent of blood, fear and death.

"Something happened, didn't it?" Lianne was saying, she had wrapped her fists in his shirt again. "Ivan? Is it Curt? Where's Curt?"

Ivan let the breath slide back out of his mouth. His mind placed the smell of Curt now amid the scents of rabid fear and pain. He was inaccessible via the pack link, which left him dead or unconscious.

But all the blood he smelt, the blood and sweat and terror, that wasn't all Curt.

Lianne's hands uncurled from his shirt and fell limp against his chest. "Betsy," she said, with the shattered sound of knowing.

Ivan let his hands run down her arms. "Lianne, I- I-"

"I have to go upstairs," she said vaguely.

"No, Lianne. I'll go first."

"No. She needs me."

She made a move for the stairs, and when Ivan grabbed her wrist, she twisted like a feral cat. "You let me go, you beast!" When pulling at him did no good, she whirled on him. "Beasts!" She pounded his chest. "That's all you are! You come in here and you tear everything to pieces!"

Her hands wrapped around the damp wool of his waistcoat and she pulled both halves apart. The buttons flew every which way in the dim entryway and the tearing seemed to take away the edge of her anger, even as her breaths seethed between her teeth.

Ivan kept his hands calmly splayed at his sides, the rolling, bouncing sound of ivory buttons echoing within him.

Lianne put a hand to her brow and staggered back a step. "It's happening all over again. Just like the first time. I- I was a fool to taunt him. A momentary gloat of power, and then... Betsy." Her breathing took the spike of panic and she leaned against the wall near the stairs. "No. I can't take it again. I can't. This isn't happening."

She began to fall and Ivan reached for her, easing her onto the first two steps.

The sounds within the building complex stilled—like a child watching their mother hit with wide eyes. But no one came out.

Lianne's fingers wrapped in the loose flaps of his waistcoat. "There are angels here," she told him. Her voice sounded disconnected from her body with the tremors that wracked her, her eyes empty in some liminal space between fury and panic.

"It'll be alright, Lianne," Ivan said, holding those empty eyes. "I'll take care of it."

"There are angels here," she repeated, tightening her hold on him. "Holding up the roof." She blinked and fury won out. "There are bloody angels here!" she screamed at the empty landing, "Then why don't they bleeding do something!"

angels do The threadbare carpet and yellowed wallpaper seemed all the emptier for her question.

She groaned and pressed her hands to her face. "It's worse to see," she whispered to her palms. "It's worse to live. He should have come for me. I should have let him have me."

Ivan knew from her tone and the way she rocked herself on the stairs that she had gone to someplace far beyond the lonely entryway. But he rubbed his hands down her arms to warm her anyway.

"I'll take care of it this time," he heard himself tell her. "It won't be like last time."

Like a dagger of the rain's lightning, he remembered fifteen years ago. He was young then too, brought to track Will's scent. And when they'd found him—snarling territorially over the broken body of a bleeding little girl in the winter slush of the dockside—

A sharp breath of bleach kept the memory from taking him.

He could smell Will here now.

No other wolf would be able to peel the shadow-smell of pine and earth from the swell of bleach. But since the first broken-winged bird Ivan had found on his pillow; since the first time he found his mother bandaging claw marks at their kitchen sink; since the first time Will had confessed all these things and then pressed the memory out of their own trainer—Ivan had made sure he knew his brother's scent better than he knew his own.





___________

...... TaDA!!!!

So glad you are in the know now.

...... TaDA!!!!

So glad you are in the know now. Thanks for your patience. The transition back has gone very well. :D

Sorry this is short, but it was too much emotion to keep going. Don't want to exhaust you. ;)

Thanks for your patience. The transition back has gone very well. :D

Sorry this is short, but it was too much emotion to keep going. Don't want to exhaust you. ;) Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3 xx

xx Next Update; Next Tues.

Next Update; Next Tues.





23. Bleach and Ice


One winter, when Ivan was nine, his trainer, Luke took him to see a pond in the woods. Winter had come thick that year, crusting the twigs and leaves in white sheaths of ice. The pond was frozen in a foggy glass, but the fish still swam beneath the ice like summer.

"For this lesson," Luke said, "the pond represents the world. The fish are all the facts and feelings and happenings in the world. And you, standing here, represent yourself—outside of the world, with the ice between you and it."

His trainer waited a moment, then rocked back on his heels. "Do you understand what I am teaching you, pup?" he asked. Luke wasn't one for words; Ivan reflected later that the wolf chose to deal with his influence in silence.

Ivan hadn't understood, but nodded anyway, keeping his nose tucked in the warmth of his scarf. Around this time, Will had stopped showing up for their lessons and Ivan felt every tired snag in Luke's voice expressed a hidden disappointment in him for showing up alone.

Luke sighed, his breath crawling away from him in a drag of white. "Being able to influence the world is a dangerous thing, Ivan."

"I know," Ivan muttered into the blue scarf.

"Sometimes you have to make sure you hold yourself back further than most. Let the world teem with its good and evil—like this pond—but watch it through a wall of glass. Do you understand now?"

Ivan watched the fish slither beneath the ice like a shifting mosaic of orange and white. He wondered who had put the fish there; bright colours like that weren't normal for the woods around Beltan. One fish chased a speckled other, flicking his tail and squirming like laughter in a private game under the ice.

"I think I understand," Ivan said, beginning to get cold.

Luke waited a moment, then nodded. "Stay here until you're sure then." And he left.

Ivan heaved a sigh of his own and crouched at the edge of the pond. He found a stick and tapped at the ice. The fish froze in alarm then darted to the deep, hidden corners of the pond.

Ivan remembered waiting for what felt like hours (but must only have been minutes) for the fish to come back again. When they did, he pressed his breath slowly through his scarf so as not to startle them and wedged his cold, mittened hands between his knees.

He understood the lesson now, but decided to watch the fish play a little longer.

Long afterwards, the picture of a little boy in a blue scarf and red mittens returned to Ivan in moments of great feeling. When it was all too fast to sort through, he set his world under ice until he could trust himself to keep his influence in check.

The memory of the icy pond resurfaced as they waited for Thomas to arrive.

Fish under ice.

The spiderweb in the corner of the milky window, the carpet worn with years of tired steps, the shiver in Lianne's breath as she leaned her head against the railing. The furrow between her eyes, which refused to open.

Fish under ice.

The healing in the garage, the bleach, the blood, the kiss, the bond.

Fish, darting like a game, under scratched ice.

Ivan lifted his head, registering the sound of a wolf shifting outside.

Since Thomas wasn't Pack, Ivan had to use the shock collar's remote from his pocket to summon him. It should have weakened the brawler, but the sound of a wolf shifting and tugging clothes back on came from outside within minutes.

Ivan stood from the steps to meet him.

Thomas shouldered in, with his hair tousled to odd angles, still buttoning his shirt. "Is the Luna alright?" he asked, breathless.



Ivan felt himself tense at the title. "Don't call her that."

"Hell," Thomas coughed. "it's like a gas chamber in here." His eye found Lianne, crouched silent on the stairs. He took a ginger step toward her. "Luna? Are you alright?"

"I said, don't call her that." Ivan's hands fisted. The ice within him felt thinner than usual.

Thomas eyed his Beta with concern, his nose in his sleeve. "Call her what? 'Luna'? You've got to be kidding me, Beta. You saw her at the garage. You felt it. I know you—"

The ice beneath Ivan cracked and crashed in shards around him. Before Ivan could tell one moment from the next, he had Thomas by the collar of his shirt and was holding the brawler to the wall across the hall.

"What the hell!?" Thomas snarled and pushed at Ivan's hold.

Ivan shoved the brawler more firmly against the wall. "You don't know what you are talking about," his voice sounded far off to himself, muffled over the rush of cold blood in his ears.

Behind him, he felt Lianne stand from the railing, eyes open now and heart caught like a hiccup in her throat.

Damn it.

Ivan's grip lessened and he seemed to slip back into himself. Thomas still fought him, which was a good sign; Ivan hadn't influenced him into submission.

It was only moments before Thomas realised which wolf was stronger and swallowed his pride. "Beta? Beta, I'm sorry." He bared his throat; the shock collar around his neck was rimmed in veins of red. "Beta, I was out of line."

Ivan tore his hands away, sucking in deep breaths to cool his temper. Thomas took to a knee informal deference with his heart pounding as loud as Lianne's.

She was standing behind him now. "Ivan?" she asked, with the frightened distance of a stranger.

Ivan shook out his shoulders, feeling he was scrambling for purchase within himself. "She's no Luna," he said. "Any other wolf hears you say that and you've ruined her. This—" he seethed in another breath; the blood in the air cast his lungs in copper, "— this is what happens if she's... Hell. Don't call her that."

this Thomas bared his throat again. "Yes, Beta. You're right, Beta." For all his posturing, Ivan caught the pup's eyes sneak a glance at Lianne and cringe. Thomas smelt the blood now, and the fear, and Curt; he'd put the pieces together soon enough.

Ivan pulled at the tattered flaps of his waistcoat and turned to Lianne. God help him, she was shaking again. "Miss Finn," he said tightly. He couldn't look at her, but bowed in her direction. "Allow me to apologise. You shouldn't have seen that."

Lianne blinked at him, then at Thomas, whose hand was to the collar at his throat. "Hell, Thomas." She stepped closer to the brawler. "You alright?"

Thomas accepted her help to his feet but carefully moved away from her for Ivan's sake. "Fine, Miss. It was my fault, so don't blame Beta. I was careless."

Ivan took another deep breath through his teeth. "Watch the Miss, Thomas. I'll take a look upstairs."

Lianne's wide eyes flicked back to him and Ivan's stomach twisted at the panic she tried to hide from him. The last thing she needed was another beast in her life with a violent streak.

At a loss and frantically reknitting a world of ice, Ivan bowed deeply to her. "Thomas'll keep you safe, Miss. I'll return shortly."

The reek of bleach increased as Ivan climbed the stairs, scratching dry claws down the back of his nose to his throat. It was a welcome, grounding distraction. Up the three flights, he found Lianne's red door torn off its hinges—the chain of one of her locks hanging limp from the doorjamb.



Where the hell was Curt?

He hesitated at the threshold. Splinters of red lay like razor cuts on the yellow floor. Worse, the bright paint made the blood dragged across the living room floor smear a dull black instead of living red.

The couch was overturned; the curtains were in shreds; beer bottles that had been vases were torn from the ceiling.

Ivan stepped into the flat, as slow as a soldier breaching a fortress.

The blood trail ran from Betsy's room to Lianne's. So Ivan, on the balls of his feet and with a hand to his mouth, cautiously made his way to the latter. A body lay dead on the floor, blood splattered carelessly around it.

He had three flights of stairs to prepare himself, but the corpse—tossed there like a marionette with cut strings—still hit him like a blow.

Betsy.

Within moments, cold, impartial training set in. The ice solidified and fogged over. Ivan had seen death and blood and waded through wolfsbane and the horrors of a rouge's aftermath. There was a certain distance one slipped into like a second skin; the bleach, the body, the blood all became sad but unchanging facts he'd add to a report.

'Charles,' he ordered through the pack link, his eyes tracing the blood's path back to his feet at the threshold. 'Assistance at the flat.'

'Charles,' 'Assistance at the flat.' 'Yes, Beta.' There were no questions, rather a surge of solidarity from their old military days that comforted Ivan and reinforced the cloche of ice.

'Yes, Beta.' A human whimper came from Betsy's room, startling him. Helene.

Oh God, Helene.

Ivan tore himself away from Lianne's room, following the sound.

Betsy's room was smaller; a cot and a dresser. But hell, was it trashed. The clothes were torn, soaked in that awful bleach; the quilt bursting with frayed stuffing; the cot in shreds. The lightbulb had burst, the glasslike tears on the clothes-strewn floor. And there, in the far corner away from the window, was Helene.

She was nested in torn clothes, bleeding from her left arm, and blotched an even red from crying.

She saw Ivan and began to wail again in earnest, her lungs shaky with the effort as she reached her good arm for him. Ivan stepped forward, but a growl cut him off.

A low, death-threat growl.

Ivan froze; his cage of ice tightening. He knew that sound. And he knew that smell—now that he took in the rest of the room. It was the rank, wild smell of a feral beast.

From the shadows behind Helene rose a wolf. Smallish, a mixture of brown and blond fur flecked with white. It had been curled up behind her, watching and waiting for intruders.

Once to its full height, the wolf stepped in front of the child, snarling at her to be quiet, then its head turned to Ivan. Teeth bared, saliva frothed to foam on its lips, and muddy amber eyes burning like a wildfire, the wolf snarled.

"Curt," Ivan said. Hell, what had Will done to him?

The wolf lowered his head and rumbled a growl, ears flat. Helene's wails sounded more and more like screams.

Ivan crouched low on his heels and held out his hands, taking a non-threatening stance. "Curt, it's okay," his voice was as cool as the ice within him.

He'd seen wolves lost in battle before, succumbing to the feral. Influence had squeezed every drop of will from the pup; all that was left was instinct and teeth.



"Do you hear me, Curt? I'm here now. You're safe."

Teeth snapped and paws crept forward, slow on the bleach-soaked skirts and stays.

'Curt.' Ivan tried through the pack link, but his mind only met a wall of sinew and anger. Ferals cut themselves out of packs.

'Curt.' Helene's wails hiccuped and one of Curt's ears flicked towards her.

"Helene is safe, Curt," Ivan said, soothingly. "You did well. I am going to help you now."

Curt's snarl deepened.

Less than one in one-hundred could find their way back from feral.

With a fortifying breath, Ivan reached within himself for a scrap of frosted calm to soothe over the boy. He thought to sedate him with enough influence to maybe pull him back when things had calmed down.

But as soon as Ivan's calm so much as brushed Curt's outermost thoughts, the wolf bucked like he'd been shot.

Something in those yellow-fire eyes shattered; fear cut off his growl and suddenly, the wolf was lunging across the room at Ivan, teeth bared in a frothing maw of fury.

Ivan had no time to shift. Instead, he swung his arm and wrapped his fist in the mane of fur around Curt's neck. He used the wolf's own momentum to spin the big body against his own. With all Ivan's strength—superior even in human form due to his beta rank—he wrapped both arms around Curt's throat and squeezed.

The wolf writhed and struggled. Ivan staggered back against the wall, leaning against it to hold his ground.

Warm foam from the wolf's mouth slipped past his lips and dribbled down Ivan's forearm. His chest bent with the weight of the frightened pup. But he held tight.

"It'll be alright," Ivan heard himself saying, his cage of ice melting. "It'll be alright, Curt. You'll be fine."

Helene's wails had died down to nothing but short bursts of breath and a heart tearing with terror. Forcing himself to breathe with the thrashing weight of a wolf on his chest, Ivan slipped a press of his influence over the girl, pressuring her to sleep. She obeyed instantly, slumping forward with a hiccup of tears into the clothes Curt had nestled around her.

Curt flailed more desperately as the little girl fell, his snarls turning to whimpers. Ivan breathing shortened, but he didn't ease his hold.

The pup finally slumped against him, succumbing to unconsciousness.

Ivan waited a few moments, his arms aching. Once he was sure Curt was truly still, he let go and the wolf's fur slid down his body to the floor. Ivan listened for the wolf's heartbeat, relieved.

For a long moment, he leaned against the wall, clenching and unclenching his fists, and caught his breath.

Regulation demanded ferals be killed on first contact. Curt had been forced to do so within his own family and overlooking this regulation was why William still spilled blood on the yellow painted floors of Beltan. But there was no way in hell Ivan was killing a wolf still good enough—even in the craze of feral instinct—to make a nest of clothes for a crying child.

Straightening, Ivan stepped over Curt's prone form and rearranged the torn fabrics to pick up little Helene.

Her arm had been bitten by a wolf—the punctures too close together to be William's doing—but the wound wasn't deep. She smelled strongly of Curt, his anger, his fear; the wolf had licked her wounds.

That image alone was what melted the remnants of ice Ivan hid behind.

Breath now shaking with emotion and not exertion, Ivan straightened and tucked the small, sleeping body to his chest. Her limp head rolled into his neck and he felt her warm breath puff over his skin, damp and chilled from sweat and the rain.

Ivan kept his hold gentle even as his heart pounded, and leaned to touch his nose to the soft skin behind her ear. Her sticky curls brushed against his cheek and he breathed deep her scent of baby, milk, fear and sweat. A beautifully warm scent, fresh with life. He let it slip inside him and slowly ease his heart back to a normal beat.

He closed his eyes for a moment, feeling even his spine curl around the baby. Then, with the surety of a soldier, locked his cage of ice back in place and straightened to survey the tattered shadows of the room.

Charles would arrive soon. Curt would wake up shortly and Ivan couldn't afford that. Furthermore, he had to take stock of Miss Finn's room. His arms tightened around Helene. The child's poor mother.

Hell.

Unwilling to let the child go, Ivan brought her with him to Mrs Whimble's as he gathered supplies. Deep in Ivan's private bag, he found the locked case he'd never thought he'd have to use. It opened with a click and he withdrew the syringe of clear liquid. Wolfsbane.

His emotions remained frosted over as he slipped the needle into Curt's hind leg; it would keep him down for a few hours. Long enough to handle things and then... then Ivan would take him to the infirmary and get him right again.

Before, Ivan had only seen the corpse in Miss Finn's room. Now, he saw her room was destroyed too. Her wardrobe had been pushed on its side to spill a gore of torn fabrics and shoes on the floor. Her plants were crushed to a smattering of crockery and dirt. The jasmine was torn from the window.

The swirl of chaos in the room made the quiet, tidy centre of the floor all the more horrifying; a hurricane with a still-heart waiting like a bullseye for a nasty arrow. And there, gutted and at odd angles, was Betsy.

Ivan turned Helene's head further into his chest and locked his jaw.

The sweet woman with gold-red hair had suffered greatly before her death. She'd been brutalised in the worst way, then torn apart and rearranged so her legs rested perfectly straight and her arms reached out on either side at unnatural angles like broken wings.

Ivan hated it when killers rearranged their victims. It showed a possessiveness even after death that sickened him.

For all the neatness of her pose and the wiped floor around her, a trail of blood sloshed from her abdomen to the bed—the smear too neat to be unintentional. Ivan braced himself and stepped deeper into the room to see.

The carefully constructed ice in Ivan spread into filmy pane so thick the wall before him blurred.

Written across Lianne's sheets, in crooked, black-blood letters was William's final, grinning salute.

M I N E .





_________________

dun dun dunnnnnnn.

dun dun dunnnnnnn. This scene was actually a big part of the reason I wrote this story.

Immersive genre fiction is my favourite thing, but it can be dangerous. Sneak little tropes in there that we don't realise are harmful until we've steeped ourselves in them.

I'm not saying the Mine trope is all bad, but it's not all good either. I am very willing to be contradicted, so let me know your thoughts.

This scene was actually a big part of the reason I wrote this story.

Immersive genre fiction is my favourite thing, but it can be dangerous. Sneak little tropes in there that we don't realise are harmful until we've steeped ourselves in them.

I'm not saying the Mine trope is all bad, but it's not all good either. I am very willing to be contradicted, so let me know your thoughts.



On another note, I am sorry about last week.

I think at school we will have to move to bi-weekly updates. I am nervous about losing readers as we go to a more spread out updating schedule, but please know it isn't a decision I make lightly and hope you'll stick around in the in between times. xx

On another note, I am sorry about last week.

I think at school we will have to move to bi-weekly updates. I am nervous about losing readers as we go to a more spread out updating schedule, but please know it isn't a decision I make lightly and hope you'll stick around in the in between times. xx





Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3 Next Update; Next NEXT Tuesday. ;)

Next Update; Next NEXT Tuesday. ;)





24. Pinstripes and Streetlamps





Ivan stood by the balcony, his pulse beating to the rise and fall of Helene's quiet breath on his neck. The sun favoured Miss Finn's apartment in the afternoons, but a stray ray of evening angled in to survey the flat as he waited for Charles. Ivan watched the shadows carefully usher the line of orange light across the living room floor. He had righted the furniture as best he could, but the sun still lingered on the blood and glass with a critical eye.

Ivan was much calmer now. The initial horror and anger had ebbed, leaving only a tired resignation.

"Beta," Thomas said from behind him.

Ivan turned slowly, the angled light cutting across his face in the black and bronze mask of sun-down. "Where is the Miss?" he asked warily.

He must have looked frightening because Thomas took to one knee. "She is downstairs, Beta."

"Alone?" His tone edged sharp.

Thomas flinched, pressing the corner of his sleeve to his nose, only to take it away again with a grimace. "With Charles, Beta."

The ceremonious use of his title was unlike Thomas. At first, Ivan thought it was the earlier show of dominance that had sweat pricking the big wolf's brow. "Get up," he said with patience. "And why is Charles down there, and not up here, as I asked him to be?"

Thomas stayed on his knee. "Well, Beta," he swallowed hard, "it's not his—"

Ivan heard another pair of feet climbing the stairs: quiet and delicate. Thomas flinched at the sound as if the feet were treading on bones instead of carpet.

The situation became clear to Ivan in a moment, and a hint of laughter (so out of place it must have been relief) slid under his breath. "Who ordered you up here, Thomas?" Ivan asked, his voice softening with a shadow of humour. "It takes a great terror to bring a brawler to his knees. A monster, indeed."

A voice came from the entryway, cold, calculating and courteously impartial. "As your advisor, Beta, allow me to remind you that scouts hear all." The satin of fine skirts rustled in the doorway. "Furthermore, women don't take lightly to words such as monster and terror."

Ivan's lips softened in a smile as Kate lifted the skirts of her navy, pinstriped dress to step over the red splinters of the door like a queen descending the dias. "Forgive me, Delta," he said, rocking back on his heels so the light bled down his face and to Helene's matted curls. "Diplomacy seems to slip me by when you're not around."

"You give yourself too little credit," Kate said, arranging her skirts and easing herself down on one knee next to Thomas. "You're the best diplomat White Pine has in rank."

Her eyes scattered around the room—cataloging every drop of bleach and blood splatter with the quick precision of a scout. "Since it is only around me you forget yourself," she continued, tipping her head to bare her throat. "The fault must be mine. I should step down."

"Indeed, why don't you?" Ivan asked, amused.

Kate finally looked at him and lifted the corner of her mouth in a wry smile. "Because I am selfish and cold-hearted, Beta."

"Nothing you or I can do about that, I suppose." Ivan let himself smile in earnest. The cooled veneer of her voice, the slight part of her lips to taste the air's scent, the cock of her head to catch the street's sound; he didn't realise how much he missed his Delta until that moment. "We'll set aside these blunders with an apology for my earlier name-calling. How's that?"

"Beta is too kind." Kate bared her throat again, a soft smile touching the corner of her mouth.

Thomas had barely breathed since her entrance. His whole body was coiled tight, titled a few degrees from Kate as if mere proximity would warrant her wrath.



"Didn't I tell you to get up, Thomas?" Ivan asked, hiding his humour.

Thomas' breath left him in a rush and a bead of sweat fell down the line of his face.

Kate stood herself and looked down at him as she smoothed her skirts. "Well? Heed your Beta, pup."

Thomas obeyed in a rush, bared his throat to her, then, at her frown, turned the sign of submission to Ivan.

Ivan adjusted the sleeping Helene in his arms. "Come and hold Helene for me," he said, to give the brawler something to do.

Thomas straightened to his full height as his eyes fell on the child, momentarily forgetting Kate. "She was here when...?"

"I am afraid so."

"And she's— she's alive?" In two steps, he had crossed the living room. His big hand hovered over Helene's back and if afraid his touch would crush the frail spirit.

"Curt saw her protected."

Thomas' eyes bounced from the child to Ivan. "And, Curt? He...?"

"Is also alive." Ivan's eyes found Kate's over Thomas' shoulder. She'd have smelt the feral in the room under all the bleach; feral that wasn't William.

Despite his duller senses, Thomas seemed to understand the grief in the air and an anxious, canine whimper hid under his breath.

"Take the child now," Ivan said and gently titled Helene towards him.

The brawler's hand grazed her back, but then quickly pulled away. "Wait. She'll be in shock." With quick movements, he unbuttoned his shirt.

"What are you doing?" Kate asked with impatience.

Thomas winced at her tone. "She'll, she'll be cold with the shock." Underneath the sloppily-done buttons, Thomas had had the foresight to put on an undershirt after his recent shift. That, he left on, bunching the rest of the shirt between his palms and extending them like a nest of white cotton for the child.

Ivan eased Helene to the brawler, surprised when he took and swaddled and leaned her against his chest with practiced ease. He should have looked awkward, his massive frame hunkered around the little, porcelain-skinned baby, but, as he bounced her and made a soft clicking noise under his breath, nothing looked more natural. The last of the sun gently curved around the wolf and baby—evoking a surprisingly poignant picture.

Kate was never comfortable with emotion, and withdrew her small gold pocket watch to check the time. Thomas felt the weight of their attention and hunched a shoulder over Helene, shielding her from the impatient click of Kate's watch cover.

"It's an odd way to comfort a child," Ivan said, vaguely indicating the brawler's bare arms and shirt-swaddled baby.

Thomas frowned. "She'll wake up scared and'll need warmth and skin then." Kate's eye was sharp on him and his voice crumpled at the corners,"It's how you tell little ones they aren't alone."

Kate frowned and checked her watch again.

Wolves, as a general rule, knew little of children. Especially in White Pine, where the young were rare.

"You came from a big pack," Ivan said, realising he'd never been able to imagine a pack large enough that even wolves like Thomas knew how to tuck a child under their arm and comfort them when they woke.

The brawler shrugged. "If you held a pup back home, it was always skin-to-skin. So they'd learn to know your scent meant safety and, well, and home."

He hid his self-consciousness with a gentle kiss to Helene's brow, turning his back on them and bouncing her lightly. "And you are safe, little one," he murmured. "Survived a beast attack. Saved by Beta. Protected by Curt. And if that mutt protected you, that makes you right like family—eh, pup? You'll be alright with us."



The sun continued to crawl out of the room and Kate's watch face opened and closed with a click every five ticks of the dias.

Ivan sighed, letting the moment fade with the sun. Betsy waited for them. "Thomas. Curt is in Betsy's room. He's been injected with wolfsbane and shouldn't stir, but if he does, you are to call me immediately. I will show Kate the body."

Thomas cast a wary look to Betsy's room but obeyed. "Yes, Beta. Delta. If you need anything... I'll be..." his eye caught the edge of Kate's skirt and he cringed, "Yes, then." Sweating again under Kate's critical eye, the wolf turned to Betsy's room.

Ivan watched Kate's lips pinch at his blubbering exit. He could never tell if it was merely the inefficiency of the terror her presence evoked that annoyed her, or if she truly regretted always being the dread of a she-wolf Delta.

Part of it, and Ivan suspected she knew, was her beauty. Wolves had a natural alignment to their features, but Kate had a bearing about her that caught and held the eye. She was often mistaken for a relation to the queen; with her regal, condescending air. But her skin was too light, her lips too round and the lids of her eyes too smooth. And while the queen's hair was thick and coarse, Kate's was thin like a spill of ink and cleanly cut unfashionably short. It brushed her chin and exaggerated the long lines and smooth curves of her neck.

"Be easy on him," Ivan reprimanded gently, because those round lips had curled at Thomas' back in the slightest of snarls. "He came from a Pack of Alpha-females."

Kate checked her pocket watch one last time and rearranged her face to an almost-pleasant frost. "Allow me to apologise for coming unannounced," she said, formally. "I was with Charles when he received your order. I thought I could help. However I realised upon my arrival you might have had reasons for summoning only Charles. Forgive me if I overstepped."

She was referring to Lianne. Charles had already been exposed to the woman's scent and she thought Ivan had secrets to hide about it. He did. But Kate's expertise when it came to crime scenes far exuded Charles'. He would be a fool to keep her out of the loop.

"No, I am glad you came. I panicked before but need you over him."

"Good, then." She tucked the little gold watch back in its pocket with the pad of her thumb. "Shall I begin my report?"

"Do."

"Approximately four hours ago, the woman and child were in the kitchen doing some dishes. They heard the wolf coming up the stairs and hid in the bathroom." Kate turned in a sway of skirts to indicate the broken hinges of the bathroom. "Curt was not in yet--speculation, not report: if the wolf was William, he must have dominated Curt's mind as soon as the scout's senses perceived him, or else the scout would have called for help. Continued report: the wolf paced outside of the door for a moment—the carpet has snags from claws—and then broke inside."

What Kate recounted, with the indifference of a scout who had seen thousands of killing scenes, was one of the most horrifying kills Ivan had heard of yet. Perhaps not objectively; but to know the victim—from her beautiful hair to her practiced poise to her patchy blush—made the screams and tears and battle she recounted all the worse.

"Beta?" Kate said gently, when her report was over.

She had walked him through the whole apartment, accounting for every drop of blood and indent in the paint. They now stood in Lianne's room, with Betsy's broken-winged body at their feet.

The sun was gone for good now, but the streetlamps had yet to rally to fend off the worst of the night. It left the room shrouded in grey and the letters on Lianne's wall a more sticky black.

"Ask your question," Ivan answered, his eyes tracing the lines of Betsy's bruised face and closed eyes. He committed every inch to memory, like the photographs in his black file on his brother.

"Why would no one call the police?" she said, a touch of anger slipping her hand into her pocket for her watch.

"They have nothing like that here." Ivan shook his head, and the light seemed darker still. "Apparently, we used to be that for them, before we left to serve the queen."

Kate, too, looked down at Betsy, as if she were the third participant in the conversation and was expected to speak. Her silence seemed to condemn them.

"This is not your fault, Ivan," Kate said. She tucked her pocketwatch back in its place without clicking it open and stepped forward. "Beta," she said, the title fierce between her teeth. "William did this. Not you."

"And can we make a case for that?" Ivan said, eyes not leaving Betsy's.

They couldn't. The scent was too weak for another scout to corroborate, even if they could scent through all the layers of testosterone as well as Kate. Worse, William had been in a meeting at the palace not an hour after Kate's proposed timeline. Few would believe a wolf could tear apart a woman and present himself to the queen, sweet-smelling and sane, within the hour.

Ivan breathed the smell of death and bleach deep into his lungs. It burned. "All the neighbours must have heard the screams," he said, as an afterthought.

"One of them brought Miss Finn tea while I was down there," Kate said, stepping back again. "Their eyes said they knew as well as she did what had happened. They didn't talk about it more than that."

Ivan shook his head. "A cup of tea is all the justice they can bring, I suppose. Beaten-down for so long."

There was a weary silence, but Kate's pocket watch stayed in its place. "Do you regret us serving the queen?" she asked quietly, and neither of them looked away from the corpse in the room.

A streetlamp finally flickered on with a yellow-green glare.

"If it could have stopped this..." Ivan said presently. "Yes."

Kate liked speculation even less than she liked shows of emotion, so she said no more.

"We should let Lianne up," Ivan said. "I told her I would let her come."

"Should we let the clean-up team through first?"

"No." Ivan finally stepped back from Betsy's side and rolled out his shoulders. "She'll want to see her as she is. She'll feel cheated of a good-bye if we move the body. Let her come now."

"Yes, Beta." A watch snapped closed with a click and a swish of satin skirts left Ivan alone in the room with Betsy and the bleary streetlamp.

_________

This could probably have used another read through. But it needs to sit a few weeks before I can face it again. Hope it is legible and flowy-ish for you now. :D

This could probably have used another read through. But it needs to sit a few weeks before I can face it again. Hope it is legible and flowy-ish for you now. :D Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3 Updates every other week!



Updates every other week!





25. Scissors and Seige


Lianne came up the stairs with her shoulders pulled back and her head angled to the side in a line of stone—a woman surveying a battlefield. While her frame was strong, that seemed to be the only piece left of her. Her blinks were heavy, her skin an ashen husk, her eyes sunk deep like buttons sewn on a doll. Only a life time of grief kept her standing, tearless, in the midst of it all.





She slowly knelt at Betsy's head, sitting in a pool of damp, cotton skirts. She took the body's hand in her own and run her thumb in anxious circles on Betsy's cold, grey skin.

Kate's clean-up team had arrived. She took charge but left Ivan to oversee the report of Lianne's tattered room. The photographer, with a wolf-embroidered handkerchief tied around his nose, was loth to arrange the tripod and lenses around Lianne's skirts, but Ivan wouldn't have her moved for the world.

Kneeling, hunched over the body, she looked less the battlefield and more a city under siege. There was a deep set-ness entrenched around her, but a weary, all-knowing look in the hollow of her eye.

The medic didn't seem to mind her either, and he was the one in charge of the body.

"If you'll allow me," the medic said gently, reaching for Betsy's hand.

Lianne tilted the limp wrist to him. "Two of her fingers are broken," she said, dead-like.

"I see that." The medic was older, and his fingers, shades darker than Lianne's, were nimble and careful.

The photographer snapped a picture from above in a flash and pop of white. The light reflected off the oil Lianne had smeared in a cross over Betsy's head.

The medic made some notes in the book on his knee and eased Betsy's hand back in Lianne's. "If it comforts you, Miss, she was a fighter."

Lianne sniffed and wiped a tear away with her wrist. "He liked fighters," she said, with the thorns of long-grown hate.

Ivan remembered that tone from their first meeting in her living room all those weeks ago. She was loading bullet cartridges in her gun, a haunted, hunted look about her in the sunny shadows on her yellow floors.

Ivan stifled a sigh and rubbed his eyes. The scout from the corner still caught the slip of breath from him—a young kid, one of Kate's prodigies. Ivan evened out his breath and kept a neutral stance. The scout continued her work.

The medic scratched notes and sketches in his journal, his eye lingering on Lianne as she traced a cut in Betsy's knuckle.

A lonely tear fell on the body's wrist and the medic shut his pen in the crook of his notebook. "I heard about what happened to you, Miss, all those years ago."

Lianne wiped her tear from between Betsy's porcelain-blue veins and resumed her soothing circles on the battered knuckles.

The medic continued, watching her carefully, "My mentor was the one on your case."

Lianne's fingers stilled.

"He said you were a fighter too. That's something to be proud of."

Lianne squeezed Betsy's hand and her eyes snapped to the medic's; her gaze, an archer in the city with an enemy in sights.

"You've survived this before, Miss," the medic said, a little startled for the sharpness of her gaze. "You'll make it through again."

Lianne barked a laugh, as sudden and as sharp as a loosed arrow.

Ivan's crossed one arm over his chest and bent the other to press a fist against his lips.

"Stick to tending the dead, doctor, and leave the living alone," Lianne said, as tight as her laugh. "You open old wounds and heal nothing with with your words."



The medic wrinkled the soft leather of his notebook in his hands. "Forgive me, Miss. Harm wasn't my intention."

"It never is on your side, is it?" she said, relaxing her grip on Betsy's hand and smoothing the fingers on her lap. "Survival is rarely a comfort. Not here."

The medic bowed his head, "I'm sorry, Miss."

Lianne smoothed the broken fingers on her lap. "And while I fought—oh, hell, I fought—it was nothing like this."

Her work-chapped fingers hovered over Betsy's disjointed ones and, as quiet as a mother with a sleeping child, she matched the splay of Betsy's hand to the spread of her own. She lowered her fingers until one small, brown hand gently overlaid the thin, dead one.

The medic watched, the scout stilled. Ivan kept the line of his shoulders relaxed.

Lianne shook her head. "I lived because he wanted me to."

The camera popped a flash again, this time photographing the bedside wall. The light caught in the sticky letters of MINE like a glint on teeth.

Lianne's voice stuck to her throat. "She died because he wants me to pay."

The medic frowned, "It might not be the same wol—"

Ivan's growl cut the medic off. He looked up, startled, but bared his throat.

"If you're done, you can go," Ivan said. "See to Curt, please."

"Yes, Beta."

Lianne set Betsy's hand at the body's side and wiped away another tear. Ivan lowered himself next to her.

"I feel I owe you an apology," he said, Betsy between them like a trench.

Lianne didn't answer, tugging at the tatters of Betsy's blouse in a futile attempt at modesty.

"I promised protection and one of your own paid the price."

Lianne's breath slid between her teeth, the city of her tired and empty again. "Your own paid too. Curt's down."

Ivan held her eyes, bloodshot and tired. He felt his eyes would look the same, if he let himself show it. She blinked, slow, and the minuscule press of her lips said she saw the weary grief in him too.

"Charles said Curt'll be taken to the infirmary?"

"That's right."

She wrapped her hand back in Betsy's. "And with some rest, he'll wake up fine and come home again." She frowned. "Here."

She didn't phrase the words as a question, so Ivan wasn't obligated to answer.

"Helene?" she asked presently, her voice a notch weaker.

"With Thomas. She's awake and scared. But he... seems to have a way with kids."

"Good." Lianne swallowed and took a moment to find her voice. "Jess'll be hearing soon." Her breathing hitched and she rubbed the lines of her brow. "Oh, Jess."

"Charles is keeping everyone in the building. She might not know for a while."

She clicked her tongue impatiently. "This is our side of the river. Gossip isn't as easy to contain as it is on your side."

They sat there with quiet between them. He was close enough to feel the close-contact empathy of wolves, but felt nothing from her. There was an emptiness, like she'd fallen through a trap door and only let herself out in fragments of feeling or thought. Occasionally a stray tear would fall without her permission, but she'd kiss Betsy's hand and wipe it away.



Kate stood by them. "Curt is in the taxi, Beta."

Which meant it was time to move the body. Another scout and the medic came in with a stretcher and sheet.

Ivan reached over Betsy's and touched the hem of his coat sleeve around Lianne's wrist. Her siege-empty eyes met his. "It's time. Any last words?"

Her face rippled with a moment of pain and the city walls cracked.

"Can't we wait until the old Mother comes?" Her voice sounded small.

So that was what she was waiting for.

"The sooner we get the body to our coroner, the sooner we can get it back to you." Ivan said. Aware of all the wolves in the room, watching above them like hawks, Ivan withdrew his hand from her sleeve. "It'll be alright."

A little cry hitched in the back of Lianne's throat, but she quickly swallowed it down and wiped her cheeks. She gestured to Kate's scout. "You. Get me the sewing kit in the dresser."

The young she-wolf found it on the floor, a dented metal box, and brought it to Lianne. Lianne sniffed and straightened her shoulders. "A few last words then, of my own. Before the altar gets her body back and there's a...." she seemed to wince, "vigil."

She slid open the tin and withdrew a small pair of scissors. With great gentleness, she brushed a lock of hair from under Betsy's ear. It was matted and frizzed, but even with the glare of electric lights and cracked yellow paint beneath her head, the lock of hair glowed the beautiful red-gold Betsy had been known for. Lianne snipped off a curl and tied it with a thin bow of thread.

"For Helene," she told Betsy, closing it in the box. "She won't forget you. And I'll make sure she grows up reading and not working the streets, like you wanted." She fingered the cut strands of Betsy's hair and leaned down to kiss the fraying ends. As if rising was too much effort, she stayed there, her head against Betsy's.

"This seems so small, Bet," she said softly, brow to brow. "But the McKay's came to see me like I told you they would. And, I know you were praying for them, well, Keenan's alright now. While you were... here. He was.... Hell. But he's breathing now—" Her voice slid up like a violin's bow slipping off its strings. "Oh God, Bet. I'm so sorry."

Ivan stood and bowed his head. His wolves followed suit.

Any tears she would have cried she pulled back inside with a broken breath and a kiss on Betsy's temple. "Rest in peace, love. Let these angels carry you home. And don't you worry about a thing. I'll... I'll handle it. Helene. Jess.... Him." She straightened, the steel tightening again in her spine and jaw. The look of a dark city with guarded watchtowers returned to her eyes. "I'll handle it."

She reached up her hand and, with surprise, the medic next to her helped her to her feet. She swayed heavily, but soon righted herself and let go. They all watched as the white sheet unfurled and eased down over the corpse with the thick-slowness of a last sigh.

The body was lifted onto the stretcher and removed.

Lianne sank to the edge of her bed, careful to avoid the smears of blood. Her eyes watched nothing, a statue of glass in a room of gore.

"You should take her out of here," Kate said, watching Lianne with a frown. There was a thread of respect in the Delta's tone that surprised Ivan.

He returned to his earlier stance, resting his knuckles on his lips, and shook his head. "No. She'll want to wait here for the Old Mother and her priest."

Kate's silence asked why.

Lianne's eyes crawled up to Kate's and her lips bent in a half-there smile. "Wounds like Bet's aren't just on bodies. The room has demons pouring like rats in the rends in the wall."

Kate's eyes went to the MINE painted at Lianne's back. Vandalism and blood the walls had in spades, but there were no demons. The glass statue seemed cracked into a picture of madness, slouched in Ivan's massive jacket on a torn bed with a dead smile on her lips.

Her smile faded and her eyes scattered to things unseen. "We'll need an exorcism. Then, I'll move and the neighbours'll sleep in peace again."

Kate didn't answer.

Ivan tapped his knuckles on his lip. "Where will you move?"

She shrugged.

"Not Riverway," Ivan said, with sudden conviction.

She looked up, her lip curling. "Too poor for your royal tastes?"

He let his hand drop so she could see his expression. "Hardly. But I think it best if you stay away from places you frequent."

Her eyes fell to the dented sewing kit in her lap, the lock of hair tucked safely inside. "Oh. For their safety, you mean."

Kate checked her watch.

"Is there anywhere else you can go?"

Lianne suddenly clutched the sewing tin. "Keenan. If he hears about today..!"

"I'll send a guard to Riverway." One that could stand up under the weight of William's influence. "But it's best if we don't go there."

Kate clicked her watch closed and turned to Ivan, the pinstripes in her skirt blurring with the slight movement. "There is an old pack house somewhere this side. Alpha wants it sold, but it's ours for now."

"Good. Get me that information."

"Yes, Beta."

"And get a pit-breed on Riverway." Pit-wolves (an inaccurate, military term derived from 'pitbull') were known for their dead-set will; they were never dominant wolves, but remained indomitable when it came to loyalties. "He's to keep an eye on the altar, the garage and the McKay family especially."

Kate bared her throat. "Yes, Beta."

Shortly after, the wolves returned from the taxi downstairs for a final report. Charles came, replacing Kate's young scout.

"The bleach is awful up here, Kate," Charles said from the threshold, a tattooed hand over his nose. "I told you she's too young."

"She's fine," Kate said flatly, but she tucked her short hair behind her ear in annoyance. "Beta, I hope my report will suffice for now."

Scouts were trained to withstand overwhelming sensations through a series of exposure testings. The bleach had to be very strong if Kate let her pupil stay downstairs.

Of course, the Delta herself seemed unaffected, fingering her watch, frowning at Charles for kicking aside a bleached petticoat. Her first years of training had been done privately, but whatever had been done to her to produce the best scout in White Pine history, she refused to replicate in pack training.

Charles leaned in to survey the room with a sour look. His eyes caught on Lianne—her hair a riotous mess, her fingers worrying the hinges on her sewing box. Ivan watched, with a twinge of comfort in solidarity, as the hunter's own cage of ice fell in place. The wolf's hand dropped from his face and he straightened.

"Best take the report to the living room," Kate said and turned before Ivan could agree.

Lianne didn't so much as blink in their direction as they left.





_______

It's up!

Sorry this was a week late. I hope it offers some closure.

It's up!

Sorry this was a week late. I hope it offers some closure. The picture above is of my view last week. I looked up from my rocking chair (every student should have one), mostly dead at this point, and saw the sun slowly stain the sky red and black. It was then I realised my post wouldn't be ready in time. Devastated, I processed my grief in the only way my generation knows how: I took a picture and posted it online. ;)

The picture above is of my view last week. I looked up from my rocking chair (every student should have one), mostly dead at this point, and saw the sun slowly stain the sky red and black. It was then I realised my post wouldn't be ready in time. Devastated, I processed my grief in the only way my generation knows how: I took a picture and posted it online. ;) I hope the pic offers a window into my tired soul last week--I really was working on the post when I took it.

I hope the pic offers a window into my tired soul last week--I really was working on the post when I took it. Thanks so so much for your patience and for hanging in there with me through this sadder patch.

Thanks so so much for your patience and for hanging in there with me through this sadder patch. Next Update; Next, Next Tuesday / Wednesday.

Although.... maybe sooner? Who knows? It's spring break. And we might be quarantined for COVID-19. So, there's that.

Next Update; Next, Next Tuesday / Wednesday.

Although.... maybe sooner? Who knows? It's spring break. And we might be quarantined for COVID-19. So, there's that. Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3 xx

xx





26. Glass and Wool


Kate's voice was impartial as she quickly detailed the events of the night. "Curt, in wolf form, then dragged the child to safety, standing guard while the aggressor dealt with his other victim."

A curious breeze brushed past the fringes of her skirt, rustling her primly pressed petticoats against the shined brown leather of her boots. She always balanced between modest, fashionable and practical, her skirts cut just an inch shy of showing a stockinged calf. "Our medic has confirmed the scout is now feral. However, since he saved a child from a dominant wolf, we are holding him for a forty-eight-hour observation period. If he pulls through, his execution will be stayed."

The breeze rearranged the scents of the room, gently pressing the grey-wet smell of city rain into the scene. Ivan breathed in deep, letting the scent settle over his pallet. The bleach still crept in, a pinching metallic aftertaste.

"Dr. Veal, please report on the child's status," Kate said with a tilt of her chin.

"The child is frightened," the medic dutifully reported. Charles had taken his notebook from him and was flipping through his notes as he bounced restlessly on his toes. "But the puncture wounds are sterilised and bandaged."

Ivan's glare wasn't enough to get Charles' attention—they couldn't afford restless movement from the ranked wolves—but before he could growl, Kate's scout broke in on the private pack link.

' Forgive me, Beta. There's a girl here—claims to be the sister.' The scout's voice was garbled and nervous, for either lack of practice using the link or confusion on whom she should report to. ' Restraining her will require force. Your orders?'

Forgive me, Beta. There's a girl here—claims to be the sister.' Restraining her will require force. Your orders?' Ivan grimaced, rocking like Charles on his toes. ' Let her up.'

Let her up.' Kate's eyes flicked to Ivan's boots in annoyance, then away again.

Ivan slowly fell back to his heels, lining the tips of his boots to the grooves in the floor and relaxing his stance. 'An old woman and priest will come shortly. Let them up too.'

'An old woman and priest will come shortly. Let them up too.' Charles, who always watched Kate with a hunter's precision, caught her look of disapproval and eased back on his heels, letting the journal flap shut.

The medic was still speaking. "And while the child requires care after such trauma and is, by all accounts, now motherless, I am sure this side has institutions that can—"

Footsteps pounded up the stairway outside, clumsy and pounding, skipping multiple steps at a time.

The medic cut himself off with a frown. Ivan didn't press him to continue and instead turned towards the door as the footsteps hit the landing. In a scramble on the red door splinters, Jess stumbled in the room, catching herself on the limp-hinged doorjamb.

Orange-red hair frayed from her plait in clumps, her overalls drooped over her shoulders, and her tightly laced boots smeared mud on the carpet at her feet.

"Where the hell is she?" she demanded when she caught sight of the wolves past the entry. Her words came desperate and commanding even as she struggled for breath.

Kate, the closest to the door, turned her head to Lianne's room.

Jess let go of the doorjamb and pushed inside, boots collecting splinters, glass and sticky blood as she went. "Lady?" she called, almost frantic.

With one smooth step, Lianne was in the doorway, as if she had been standing with her back to the wall listening to their report the whole time. By the way she guiltily tugged Ivan's coat about her shoulders and refused to look at the wolves, Ivan guessed she had been doing precisely that.



"Oh, Lady." Jess' voice fell in relief. Her slim hands ran over Lianne's shoulders and arms, making sure she was alright.

"Lady?" the photographer muttered to Charles. "What a title."

Charles, who generally approved of running commentary while on-duty, frowned in Ivan's direction.

Lianne tugged again at Ivan's jacket, as if she could wrap herself in it tight enough to disappear. "Jess, love." She sounded tired. Jess was a few inches taller, but Lianne had angled herself to block her view of the room.

"And, and Bet?" Jess said, her hands stilling.

Lianne sucked in her lower lip and shook her head. Jess' hands fell.

"Where is Betsy, Lady?" Jess said, the hot urgency in her voice chilling to something heavier. "Lianne?"

When Lianne only brought the edge of the coat's sleeve to her chin, Jess pushed her aside. Lianne bumped into the wall, stepping on the shards of glass on the floor. She stayed against the doorjamb, sleeve to her lips, her fingers shaking as she cried.

Jess stopped in the centre of Lianne's room, where Betsy's body had lain not half an hour before. She turned in place with the jerky movements of a puppet, cataloging the gore, the torn remnants of her sister's dress and the way the blood had pooled. Her head cocked to the side at the message on the wall.

Twitching at the fingers, she said with a chilling distance, "Lady. What does that say? The letters."

The wolves looked to Lianne, confused. Lianne shook her head, and took in a breath sappy with tears.

"Mine." Ivan rolled out his shoulders. "It spells 'Mine,' Miss Miles."

The twitches in Jess' fingers travelled up her arms, like a shudder, but her voice didn't change. "I see," she said, slow and cold. "And... wolf. Where is my sister?"

"Miss Miles, allow me to express how sorry—"

"I want to know where she is!" Jess' voice cracked like whip.

"On the way to our coroner's," Kate responded, drawing her words from the same cold place Jess had before.

Jess stilled for a moment, a puppet with cut strings. Then, she tilted her head from one side to the other, as if studying the words on the wall she couldn't read. "I see," she repeated.

She stood there for a moment, fisting and unfisting her hands to still them.

Kate watched Jess closely and Ivan stepped forward until he was even with his Delta.

"Careful," Kate said, so quietly the wolves behind him couldn't have heard. "Her heart is beating faster every minute."

Ivan couldn't hear it, but he could feel the anger, hot like veins of fire, growing from the woman in the centre of William's mess. It crept over the floor of the room like roots. His wolves began to tense, restless and uneasy.

Before, he would have thought they were only falling prey to the woman's emotions. Now, he sensed something different—a depth to the shadows, a crawling sensation up his arms, a pressure on his throat. Demons, he'd bet, swelling off her rage.

Even as he thought it, the lights in the room flickered and a shadow seemed to swing from the lonely lit bulb. His wolves flinched.

"Be careful yourself, Kate," Ivan answered, his voice equally low. "There is more here than you can see."

Lianne straightened at the flicker in the lights, wiping her tears in the damp wool of Ivan's coat. "Jess," she said, controlling her voice with a struggle. "The beast came while I was—"



Jess turned, so fast her braid arched over her shoulder and loose strands stuck to her temple. "Did you pray for her, Lady? Pray for her to live?" she demanded, cold fury in her voice as she stepped over the torn sheets and plants.

"Of course I did!" Lianne answered, sharp for Jess' anger. "I loved her, Jess. Just like you!"

Jess stood in the doorway, shaking. "She worshipped you, she did. You were one of us. Living a decent life in a decent part of our side---" Jess grabbed the doorjamb with both hands and pressed against either side, as if to push down the pillars of the room. "I get that. Lady, you're something else. I know that. She knew that. But I told her before she moved in, I said, 'All that healing comes with a price. The Lady is cursed, Bet.'"

Lianne pressed her lips into the seam of the coat sleeve.

"But did she listen?" Jess reeled back and waved her ads at the blood-painted room. "Did she listen?!"

Lianne let her hand fall. "Jess, please. It was her choice. There was nothing you or I—"

"Nothing!" Jess slammed a fist into the door. It didn't so much as splinter, but her knuckles caught and came back wet with blood. She whirled back on Lianne and leaned in. "Nothing? If I had worked the streets like she did, if I had done my part!"

"Don't you dare think that, Jesslyn Miles," Lianne said as she rose on her toes, anger fuelling anger.

"Then we'd have enough money—"

"She'd have died of shame!"

"Well she sure as hell died anyway! Living with you and these- these creatures straight from the womb of hell!" Jess flailed her bleeding hand in the direction of the wolves.

creatures Lianne clenched her teeth but had nothing to say.

Jess slowly let her hand fall. And then, as if her own words had reminded her of the wolves' presence, she turned her head—cobra-slow—to the living room. "You," she said, with snake's venom.

"Now, Jess." Lianne grasped at a strap on Jess' overalls. "You can't blame everything on them."

"Can't I?" Jess pulled free and stalked towards the wolves.

Ivan straightened and folded his hands in front of him. His nervous wolves did the same—all but Kate, who watched Jess' movement with calculating, unblinking eyes, and Charles who hedged his way towards Lianne.

"Allow me, once more," Ivan said, with a heavy coat of influence soothing his voice, "to apologise on behalf of—"

Jess waved her hand as if to bat away his words. The lights flickered again and Ivan felt his influence fall between them unheeded.

"It always seems to come back to you wolves, doesn't it?" Jess said in a low voice. She stopped some meter and a half away. "Fifteen years ago, one of yours came and took one of ours. He raped her to pieces, didn't he, Lianne?"

Lianne's lip curled over her teeth, indignation starching her spine. "That's enough, Jess."

"No, no. I'm just saying what happened, Lady. And then, when he was done—" She inspected her bloody knuckles with a frown, then tore off leftover skin from a scrape.

The medic flinched.

"You apologised and left her here. Only returning five months later to make sure she's not carrying one of your... pups." She spat the word as she wiped her torn knuckles down the loose fabric of her overalls. Red smeared down the denim.

"Years later," she continued, with a prowling step forward. "You come back. We'll protect you, you said. Keep you safe. Because there's a big bad wolf out there we need dead and... well... the beast likes you, Lady."



Lianne pulled off the wall to come forward, but Charles held out a hand in warning.

"And then!" Her face contorted awfully and her voice rose as she gestured to Lianne's bedroom. "Then you let your own come back and rape to pieces—yet again!—one of ours! Of mine! My sister!" The last word was a screech and the lesser wolves took a step back.

Ivan bowed his head, but let her anger stand without apology.

She seethed in a breath and recoiled as if his silence was a physical blow. "Well, I won't take it. Not again."

The lights flickered a third time, but Ivan didn't move. He felt the swelling of something awful in the room, like a child watching a fist raise, but forced himself to say nothing. Feeding the anger in the room felt more dangerous.

"Jess." Lianne's hand wrapped around Charles' arm, desperation edging her voice. "Let's get out of here, you and me. The Old Mother will be here soon; let's sit a while across the hall to wait. Helene—"

"No, Lady." Jess turned her head to the side, but didn't look behind her to Lianne's wide eyes. "There are some things you can't do. I understand that, Lady. You're blessed and chosen and all that bloody shit. But there are some things that have to be done. Some things altar-going people can't do." Her small brown eyes crept up to meet Ivan's, glinting with a familiar madness. "But I can."

"By my name and my blood," she said, with the cadence of ritual. "By whatever evil tore my sister to bits here today."

"Not in my house, Jess." Lianne's voice had gained a sword-edge. "Don't you dare in my house."

Jess' lips bared in a smile and her hands twitched again, but she didn't look back. "And by whatever power watches me now. I curse you."

The words dropped like a guillotine—each wolf in the room stilled. Ivan felt a prickle run across his blood.

"I forbid this," Lianne was saying, pulling against Charles' arm.

But Jesslyn's voice seemed to swell to the voice of thousands, like the choir of screeching laughs from the gramophone all those nights ago.

"May your brother's fangs be always at your throat. May your own temper eat you alive. May your violence visit you at night and tear you apart as you have torn apart our own. May you lose family as I have lost family. Mothers as Helene has lost a mother! Oh, yes, I curse your mothers, your wombs. May you be alone and childless—bleeding empty for generations to come."

Distantly, Ivan could hear Lianne saying something, crying maybe. But there was a ferocity in Jess' eyes that knit him to her words with a chord too strong to break.

"I want you locked in my sister's last moments. Naked and alone. Angry and afraid. And in pain, so much pain." Jess stepped forward. "May this pain mark your soul with an agony that scars--the mark of a beast. That even Heaven herself turns her back and walks away at your coming."

She leaned down, each wolf watching her with a wound burning in their hearts. A phantom pain, perhaps, one of suggestion—but her words seemed to scald like a brand. When she straightened, in her hands she held the long shards of a bottle that once had held flowers to the ceiling. She squeezed her fist until blood fell. Her lips stretched in a smile or in pain; Ivan couldn't tell the difference.

"Royal wolves of Beltan." She bowed with flourish, dropped the glass, then held her palm to her mouth and took a deep draught of her blood. "With my own life, I seal this curse." She spat her blood on the ground—another scar of red on the yellow paint.

"Hell is after you, wolves." Jess wiped her arm over her lips. Blood stayed in her teeth, rimming her grin in red. "Oh, and she will get you. Within ten years, I swear, your own kind will rip you apart and no altar will make your graves. Ten years—"



"ENOUGH!" came a voice from the stairs, echoing like thunder in a mountain.

Ivan started and looked to Lianne, but she seemed as shocked as the rest of them. Whatever spell had held them in place, if there had been one at all, released. Charles moved aside from the door, dragging Lianne with him.

Then no one moved and a woman strode into the room. She was tall and draped in shawls and cloaks of many colours; the woven hems of pink and blue brushing the gorey floor. Her shoulders were proud and her nose sharp. Her long white hair was so thin that a lost breath in the room pushed it gently to and fro.

She stopped between Lianne and Jess. "Jesslyn Miles, you will be silent."

Jesslyn's mouth clamped shut, in shock or spell, Ivan didn't know.

"You know naught what you meddle in. So hold your tongue and let your sister rest in peace. Leave and let me handle this."

Jesslyn wiped a wrist over her mouth, leaving a smear of blood on her cheek. "Give me Helene back first," she said, her shoulders shaking with tension.

"You will see her tonight."

Jess bared her teeth, still bloody. "She's mine! Don't you dare keep her from me, old woman."

"I will not. But she will not see you like this. Go. There will be a vigil held for Betsy tonight. You may attend, if you choose, and see her then."

"Helene needs me more than altars right now."

"No one needs your spite." The woman's voice sharpened and the edges of her pale lips curled over her pale skin. But her eyes, an unwavering, vivid blue, were sad. "Your mouth is filled with blood, child. And you think your kiss would comfort?"

Jess spat again, a splotch of pink on the floor.

"I said, go." The woman moved forward in floating, deep strides. "Demons wait to eat you alive here. If you can bear it, I'd suggest a few prayers of penance on your way out."

Just then, Father Aaron came in, wearing his white-robes and a somber expression.

The woman paid him no mind, her blue and pink shawls barely touching the floor as she turned to the wolves. Her eyes brushed over each of them like a mother brushing the brows of her children, then she settled on Ivan and smiled. "Might I suggest, Beta, a whittling of your numbers? This is family business now."

Ivan felt like her gaze was cooling water—white and fresh like snow—pouring over the scalding he'd felt in his soul. "Do as she says. Kate will stay."

"Beta." Charles protested, finally letting go of Lianne to bare his throat.

Ivan shot him a look. "See to it Curt's situation is made clear at the infirmary."

The chords in Charles' neck tightened, but he briefly took to a knee, then herded the rest of the wolves, who walked like frightened animals, from the flat.

"Jesslyn," the woman said, her voice still calm, but cutting. "Why are you still here?"

Jess licked her the blood off her lips and spat one last time at Ivan's feet. Ivan fought the urge to curl his lip but didn't step back.

She left, and it was only the woman, Ivan, his Delta and Lianne, who Father Aaron held up and crooned words of comforts to.

"Get me a chair, love," the woman kindly ordered Kate.

Kate didn't move, save for an effortless flick of her watch from her pocket. Her eyes pinned the woman the same way they had pinned Jess: wary, distant and mean.

Father Aaron pulled away from Lianne and fetched a chair from the kitchen.

The old woman sat down with a groan. And, there, she seemed to transform. Like a balloon losing its air, her eyes sagged closed, her spine drooped with the weight of her shoulders and her long fingers curled with arthritic pain. She became a puddle of wrinkles and wool. The only sign of the woman who had stood before them was the slight curve of her pale lips.

Kate's watch slipped from her fingers and she quickly tucked it back in her pocket.

When she cracked open her eyes, they were clouded. "Lianne, child?" the woman said, in a voice much changed.

"Old Mother," Lianne answered, her breath coming short.

The woman shook her head, and strands of thin white hair slipped across her face. Father Aaron brushed them aside. "History has come to repeat itself. Come, sit, and cry with me for a while, would you?"

Lianne's breath fell out of her so fast, it almost sounded like a laugh. And, in two steps, she dropped into a pool of skirts and tightly coiled curls at woman's feet. And, laying her head on a knobbly knee draped in pink wool, Lianne cried.





_________________

Wow. I can breathe a sigh of relief now that this scene is over. I don't know if it is because I moved to biweekly posts, but it feels like we've been in this sad patch for so long! And our world doesn't need any more sadness right now.

Wow. I can breathe a sigh of relief now that this scene is over. I don't know if it is because I moved to biweekly posts, but it feels like we've been in this sad patch for so long! And our world doesn't need any more sadness right now. I really hope everyone is alright and healthy in this time of COVID-19.

I really hope everyone is alright and healthy in this time of COVID-19. This virus is literally changing our world and that's a lot to process for anyone. So make sure you are doing things that bring joy and peace to your daily life.

K-dramas for me (nothing like watching martial arts in the air for inner peace), board games for others, cooking for those rare superhumans I wish I was.

This virus is literally changing our world and that's a lot to process for anyone. So make sure you are doing things that bring joy and peace to your daily life.



K-dramas for me (nothing like watching martial arts in the air for inner peace), board games for others, cooking for those rare superhumans I wish I was. If there is anything I can do from my quarantined patch of Earth to make your life a little more bearable in these months, please let me know.

If there is anything I can do from my quarantined patch of Earth to make your life a little more bearable in these months, please let me know. Next Update; Next, Next Tues.

Next Update; Next, Next Tues. Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3 Stay safe!

Stay safe!





27. Quilts and Cards


A runner brought a letter from Alpha. Ivan had expected it; Alpha had ordered Kate back to report, which meant he trusted neither Ivan's biases nor Charles' senses. Ivan didn't blame him, but felt Kate's loss keenly. Not having a scout around, sorting through the scents and sounds of blocks at a time, stretched thin his senses. Kate's absence made the injury of Curt's weigh heavily on him.

He intercepted the runner in the hallway to read the letter in private and the white seal broke without a crumble.





Beta,

Beta, This crime can work in our favour. Seeing as the rogue coincides with Cutting River in Beltan, I'll have them move to our Pack house in the woods while we investigate. It couldn't be more timely. I don't like how friendly these alphas are with the Queen. We can win back her favour in their absence.

This crime can work in our favour. Seeing as the rogue coincides with Cutting River in Beltan, I'll have them move to our Pack house in the woods while we investigate. It couldn't be more timely. I don't like how friendly these alphas are with the Queen. We can win back her favour in their absence. Kate says you need the old Pack house that side. Brilliant idea; very philanthropic. I'll have someone find the keys for you and send the story to the press. Get it all settled and come home. You know how poor I am at these court politics. The Queen likes you; we need our position re-established.

Kate says you need the old Pack house that side. Brilliant idea; very philanthropic. I'll have someone find the keys for you and send the story to the press. Get it all settled and come home. You know how poor I am at these court politics. The Queen likes you; we need our position re-established. The effortless flow of black ink and use of semi-colons was proof enough of dictation. But had there been any doubt, the handwriting grew weedy spikes and blots as Alpha took the pen to finish the letter.





K says W is untraceable. I saw him an hour after the kill myself—not a whiff of feral or blood or death about him. Useless to pin this one on him.

K says W is untraceable. I saw him an hour after the kill myself—not a whiff of feral or blood or death about him. Useless to pin this one on him. Biggest hope was your scout proving it was an influencer who attacked. Only two of those in the city. But well. Sorry for that loss. We knew he came from feral stalk. It was risky to take him on the first place.

Biggest hope was your scout proving it was an influencer who attacked. Only two of those in the city. But well. Sorry for that loss. We knew he came from feral stalk. It was risky to take him on the first place. Regardless, CRvr will be gone a fortnight at least.

Regardless, CRvr will be gone a fortnight at least. W won't be around anymore.

W won't be around anymore. So wrap this up and get home.





So wrap this up and get home.





The signature was another dribble of wax, smeared through with the Alpha's four-clawed crest. He always rushed the stamp, not letting his claws shape their engraved shapes in the wax, which turned their seal into more of a four-clawed mauling rather than a signature. For more important documents, Ivan would reheat the wax and let his three-clawed seal shape some semblance of their crest in Alpha's careless indentations. Alpha had always mocked him for that.

Ivan ran his thumb over the abused wax. He stood in the hallway between flats, facing the third-story window between Mrs Whimble's and Miss Finn's, watching the moonlight yawn through clouds at the rooftops across the way.

Some poor soul had forgotten their laundry in the rain. The sodden sheet and two spare shirts were pinned to an electric-cable-turned-clothesline on the roof and they swayed heavy and slow under the blotchy moon like lynched, white ghosts.

"Well?" asked the woman next to him. "What's he say, then? Your wolf-king or whatever." She was one of Riverway's brothel women, come to pay their respects. She leaned on the windowsill to his left with a hunch in her bony spine.

"Just further-up orders," Ivan said, his breath fogging the glass. He couldn't remember if the woman's name was Margaret or Mary. He remembered a Mike at the brothel as well and distantly wondered if they matched their names for work.

"He apologise, then?" Mary or Margaret asked. She took a long, slow drag of her cigarette between thin lips. It was damp from the rain which slowed its cheap burning to thin lines of smoke that threaded between them like silk.

She took his silence for a no and slid the sharp fumes back out through her teeth. "They never do. Apologise, I mean."

Ivan nodded, more in acknowledgment than agreement, and tucked the letter back in its envelope. The smudged-clawed seal closed together without a crack and he stuffed it in his coat's breast pocket. The edges of the letter crinkled against the keys that had come with it, which laid as heavy on his chest as his orders home.



The moon pulled another sheet of clouds over her face and Ivan turned to stare at the dark, empty hallway alongside the woman. The white-blue of cigarette smoke matched her complexion, a tired grey under white creams to blur the slight wrinkles around her mouth and eyes. She had kohl stenciled around her lashes, exaggerating their tilt in the dark until she looked half-feline.

"Right sad what happened to Betsy," she said, snuffing out her cigarette on the windowsill. Her breath wavered, the thread of smoke coming out thin and tangled. "She covered for me last night, you know? I've got some passing cold is all, but she stepped in. Said she needed the shift. Damn horrible way to spend your last night alive. Sure hope she was paid upfront. For the kid's sake anyway."

Ivan nodded. He thought, if the kid needed money, she'd have it. But he didn't say so: the words felt like gauze soaking up blood from a wound that needed stitches.

"You aren't much for words, eh?" the woman said, almost amused as she tucked the snuffed cigarette back in her pocket.

Ivan let her amusement twist a smile out of him and unbuttoned his tight, shirt collar. "A lot on my mind," he said apologetically and breathed deep in the green-carpet musk under the smoke.

The woman nodded, or maybe she shrugged. There was a thinness to her; the high-collared white shirt bagged at her throat. Where most women his side aged plump, she'd shrunk to nothing but sharp-angled bones.

"Letter aside," Ivan said presently, as the cold carpet smell unwound the hot tangle of smoke in his mouth. "Allow me to apologise on behalf of the Pack. And for myself. I cannot think of a way this might have been avoided, but her death grieves me deeply. Even more so that it was caused by my kind."

me "Well," the prostitute said, stiff with surprise. She ran a hand over her thin, long plait, adjusted the folds of her skirt and tugged her loose, high-button collar to her chin. Once she felt everything was in place, she titled her sharp-boned jaw towards him. "Well, that's that, then," she said, but didn't meet his eye.

He watched her wrap her long-boned fingers into a fist and hide her hands in her pockets. He tried for a smile, more sad than anything.

She almost smiled back, a curling of lips over grey teeth. Then she sniffed and looked away. "Thanks."

Slightly startled by her gratitude, Ivan scuffed his toe on the carpet. It occurred to him that this woman was the first to have heard and accepted his apology. Lianne had cried, Jess had screamed, Father Aaron wasn't interested. The feeling oddly reminisced a teacher at last noticing a child's paltry efforts at penmanship or mathematics. Relief and amusement at his relief cracked a breath of a smile from his lips.

Staring down at his boots, he noticed for the first time that his socks were still mushy and wet from the rain. So there they stood in the dim light of the hallway in loose collars and wet socks, chilled by the cold glass of the window and listening to the warm chatter inside Mrs Whimble's.

The grieving company had moved across the hall to get out of the blood and let Old Mother sit on Mrs Whimble's cat-infested couch. Another prostitute had arrived—Mary, he was pretty sure now, which made his current company Margaret—and Mary had taken it upon herself to fix the unruly mess that was Lianne's hair.

It ended up a sad, sweet scene. The old woman on the lumpy couch, the priest making tea, the suspicious cats darting to and fro. Thomas sat on the floor with Helene's little first wrapped in the ends of his shoulder-length hair and Lianne was on the floor next to him. Mary carefully parsed through her curls, calling on an arsenal of scissors, creams and combs to wrestle each braid into place.

Lianne would half-laugh at something Thomas said and wipe away the tears that dripped down her cheeks as she sipped her tea.

Ivan felt better here in the cold hallway and, apparently, Margaret, the old prostitute, agreed.



The last days had bled together, blurring too fast to keep straight. Tatiana, the miscarriage, William in Lianne's room—this had only been the night before. Then Charles that morning, his sharp hunter eye on Lianne, calculating her threat. Then the baby's death, then life, then—that kiss.

In the upheaval of it all, it was almost overlooked. But now his heart lept back to his throat in a knot of panic. Hell, that kiss.

His mind sped through the memories like cards being dealt too fast. Her warmth in the rain. Her laughter. His alarm. The cold walk up that hill, her shoulders stooped in his sodden jacket. Thomas' wide-eyed panic as he burst in, 'The Luna alright? The Luna?'

Luna. She'd never escape the Pack if they thought they'd found a Luna. Alpha could hardly take a second wife so they'd give her to some dominant pack wolf and make him Alpha. But it would never come to that: Alpha would take Ivan protecting her as a challenge for the title (a Luna? we already have a Luna!) and—

him Ivan stilled the hand dealing the cards with a firm grip. Slowing down, he critically re-examined their order.

So Alpha would take it as a challenge and then, what? Alpha would win, Ivan would be demoted, and Lianne would go back to her side of the river. A demotion was hardly the end of the world; he had too much paperwork anyway.

Except... they wouldn't let Lianne go back to her side. Ivan knew it. They were so desperate for a Luna of power these days; like in the legends. Ivan remembered her hands through Curt's hair, her tears at the trap's teeth in their flesh, the comforting weight of her grief at their lost pups.

He closed his eyes and leaned his head against the cold glass. Then he gathered that set of cards and tucked them back in their box and set them aside.

They had a Luna. And Lianne wasn't one. So this had become an exercise in the irrational.

Letting his mind make sense of things was important; he needed to settle back in his skin after the crisis—to pin his soul back to his body like a quilter matching squares. But thinking of Lianne, Lunas and miscarriages would unstitch him more than mend him.

The kiss—he checked the box to make sure that card stayed shut away—was followed by the bleach, the body and his Pack.

Kate's pocket watch snapping closed.

Jess with blood in her teeth, the burn of her words on his chest.

The Old Mother, the prostitutes, the cats.

The crack of white wax and the wrap of cigarette smoke around his tongue.

Ivan breathed the remnants of smoke in deeper, the last pin to his quilt of body and mind. He was alright. Lianne was alright. Curt wasn't, but he might be.

William would come back and Ivan would catch him, hopefully kill him. And all those souls (including Lianne's) would be left in peace and his Pack would breathe in good air again. Get this hatred out of their blood and hope something for themselves again.

Over soon. It would all be over soon. And thereafter, his battles would come to him in platoons of paperwork. They would be fought with ink and neatly-pressed wax until he let himself retire in lonely but contented peace.

Those last thoughts ran over him like the even stitch of a machine's needle, hemming all his edges and re-creasing his folds. He crossed his arms and cracked his neck, curling his toes in the mushy, cold wool of his socks. Over soon; all would be well.

"Martinez will be sad to have missed the commotion," Margaret said presently.

"Hmm?"

"The neighbour." She crooked a claw-like nail to the door across the hall, then shrugged. "He works nights at the docks and must have left early. Else he'd be here with wide eyes and questions. He considers reporting on the Lady his most solemn duty."



"They watch her that closely then?"

"Any hope here is worth monitoring. She's like watching the sun rise. Or set." She frowned and fumbled back in her pocket for the cigarette butt. It lit again and she sucked in a slow, stabilising breath. Thread to her own quilt, he assumed. "If I had an extra, I'd offer it," she said, catching his eye on the tremor in her hand.

Ivan laughed softly. "You're kind, Madam. I thank you all the same."

She smiled and breathed the smoke out through her teeth. "Not every day I stand next to a handsome man in a decent part of town, eh?" She glanced to the right at Lianne's dark flat, gaping doorless and open like a bullet wound. "Well. Decent, minus the murders and all."

"Minus that." Ivan stood, his hand going to the keys in his pocket.

"Where's it you're taken her next?" she said quickly, following his thoughts. "Some... wolf place?" Her cat eyes pinned him warily.

"A Pack House. It's in a neighbourhood called...." Kate had told him before Alpha called her back. "Thorn's Noose."

"Ah." Margaret clicked her tongue like the name sullied the smoke in her mouth. "Hell's barracks, that place."

"Oh? What a name."

"All sorts of evil breed there. The violence, the drugs, the deals. But they're neat about it, I'll give them that. Orderly. Gangs hold their territories so tightly it's like eight different cities in a dozen blocks. Luckily, they're all pitted against each other, so we don't see much of them outside their turf lest they're selling something. Or buying, eh? I don't much recommend it. Personally or professionally, if you know what I mean."

"Good to know. I'll take whatever advice you have."

"Old Mother'd know more. The histories of the gangs and whatnot. When you's leaving?"

"As soon as light comes and the Lady—" damn. "Miss Finn is packed and ready."

"Well, must be, what now? Three in the morning? Four?" The cigarette puttered out for good and she snuffed it on the carpet with her toe. "Let's see how they're getting on inside. Mary's a marvel with hair, but she takes for goddamned ages. Not too good at the talking bit for this sort of thing, either." Her long-boned hands fisted again in her pockets. "None of us are really," she said with a wry look to Ivan.

She straightened her skeletal back and stood. Turned out, she was tall, as tall as Ivan. "Come on then," she said and hunched her shoulders to lead the way to Mrs Whimble's.





It was midday by the time the women, priest and child took their leave. Helene fussed at being transferred to the priest's arms, which made Thomas fuss in turn. "Tuck her in this, then," he said, wrapping her little frame in one of his old shirts even as she squirmed. "She's used to my scent now. It'll comfort her to smell when you're gone."

Father Aaron looked sideways at Thomas as if to remind the brawler the child was human, not wolf. But with the mass so focused on brushing a little curl from the baby's blonde lashes... no one had the heart to bring it up. So the priest left with a blind, old woman on one arm and a little girl swaddled in white cotton in the other.

The women from the brothel proved more difficult to get rid of. They had taken it upon themselves to smother away any grief left in Lianne with their attention. Now that her hair was braided, her breakfast washed down with weak coffee and her wet clothes washed and dried, they'd decided to pack her up for Thorn's Noose.

"Best not go back in, eh," Margaret explained. She'd poured some of Mrs Whimble's sour wine in the cracked tea-cup from Lianne's kitchen. She washed down the cigarette she'd nicked from Mrs Whimble's desk with a swoosh and swallow of the tart red liquid. "That beast made a mess of your flat if I ever saw one."



"Hear, hear," Mary agreed, sorting through the tears and tatters of Lianne's clothes she'd dumped on the couch. Only a few shirts, skirts and one shoe had proved salvageable. The other shoe was missing, not chewed to bits, but the image of William tearing into a leather boot like a stray mutt too dumb to think amused Ivan.

"Really, ladies. I'm fine," Lianne was saying with some force, snatching a pair of bloomers from the couch before Mary could hold them up for inspection.

"Fine? Of course you're fine. But Bet would have wanted us here. Plus, what's waiting for us at the docks, eh? Nothing as interesting as... what on earth?" Mary found the bent bones and fraying lace of a smallish corset and suspended it between thumb and forefinger. "Really, Lady! You've not been able to fit in this for years now."

"Mary..." Lianne ran a despairing hand over her eyes.

Thomas came out of the room just then, his standard-issue Pack duffel over one shoulder. The sight of dangling pink lace frothing from a corset caught him by surprise. He recoiled like the lace was a slap. "Hell's breath!" He turned away so fast, his duffel fell off his shoulder and tipped an array of elaborate waistcoats on the floor.

Margaret laughed from the kitchen with the cackle of a witch, her long nails scratching down the arched spine of a cat.

"Hell," Thomas muttered but squat to gather his clothes and stuff them back in place. He glanced again by accident at the offending piece of fabric and flushed. "I-uh," he said, righting his duffle and keeping his eyes glued to the floor. "I'll wait outside, then."

Ivan's lips bent in amusement.

" Beta ," Thomas hissed as he passed, the title either pleading or scolding or just seeking sympathy. Ivan shrugged.

Beta Lianne snatched the corset from the air and dislodged a cat to hide it behind a pillow. "Mary, Margaret," her tone was so determined that even Thomas stopped a few steps from the door.

"Enough," she said, gentle but steeled with Riverway grit.

Margaret had been pouring herself a second glass. She paused at the finality in Lianne's voice. "You sure, then Lady?"

"I'm sure." Lianne stood.

"But-" Mary began, hands fisting in the heap of fabric on her lap.

"I'm fine, Mary. I've been telling you I'm fine for hours. You both are losing money staying here to coddle me."

Mary stood in a huff, the fabrics spilling from her lap in a cascade. "It's hardly coddling. You've done had one of the worst scares in your life—"

"Mary's just lazy, eh? Don't want to work? Don't blame her for it, Lady." Margaret grinned her grey-toothed grin and tossed the rest of her tea-cup wine down her throat. "We'll be leaving, then."

Mary clicked her tongue. "You'll come if you need us?" she asked Lianne with a tone of reproach.

Lianne softened a fraction. "Of course." And Margaret nodded like it was final.

It took another ten minutes for them to gather their things and part with a litany of warnings, scoldings and advice from Mary.

Once the door finally shut, cats lurked out of their shadows in green-eyed disbelief and Lianne leaned against the door.

The apartment felt smaller without their guests. Even Thomas' big frame in the kitchen didn't seem as absurdly large as it normally did. The cat-pawed silence seemed to make Curt's absence audible.

Lianne seemed to hear something else in the silence--memories of someone else perhaps, crowding the small space and twisting a pained furrow across her brow.

Her hair had been braided in rows on her scalp—the bottom half in tight, neat plaits down her back, the second in a swirl of braids that swept into a bun at the top of her head. It changed her; like all her grief had been wrapped and coiled into neat, well-kept rows.

She straightened and opened the door again.

Cloudy white day drearily filled the hall. It made her doorless flat across the way seem like a mouth with splinted fangs, ready to gobble her whole. "I'll pack," she said and her braids fell between her shoulders as she braced herself. "Let's get the hell out of here."

________

Surprise! He he. Now we finally get to Thorn's Noose! *trumpet flare*



Surprise! He he. Now we finally get to Thorn's Noose! *trumpet flare*

So, again, I won't be able to post regularly until May 12th. Then I'll have done gotten myself a degree! Whoop, whoop! (Who would have thought online classes would be more taxing than real-life ones?).

So, again, I won't be able to post regularly until May 12th. Then I'll have done gotten myself a degree! Whoop, whoop! (Who would have thought online classes would be more taxing than real-life ones?). I'll still be editing, just more slowly. So you'll get random surprises like this. I was going to wait until Tuesday, but you've already waited so long..... so surprise! ;)

I'll still be editing, just more slowly. So you'll get random surprises like this. I was going to wait until Tuesday, but you've already waited so long..... so surprise! ;) Hope everyone is doing well out there.

Hope everyone is doing well out there. Comment and Vote if you liked it.

Comment and Vote if you liked it. Next Update; when the virus allows.

Next Update; when the virus allows.





28. Leather and Mud


Thorn's Noose had money. Nothing like his side, where even the cobblestones were shined to reflect the satin parasols and silk coattails of wealth's vanity. But the streets here were wider, the roads less cluttered, the windows almost clean. The tram rode alongside black taxis and its interior boasted leather-cushioned benches—cracked leather but leather all the same.





Despite the familiarity of money—Thomas lounged on the tram's nearly luxurious cushions like a sailor finally back on land—there was an eerie watchfulness to it all. The driver's smile was wide and toothless, but he kept sharp eyes on them in the rearview mirror from beneath his bushy brows. Street kids who sat atop overturned crates and bins fell silent as the trams passed, eyes glued to the newcomers through their windows.

Ivan thought perhaps their size and build gave them away as wolves and the novelty was enough to garner attention—but the deeper the tracks wound into the web of Thorn's Noose, the more that theory was disproved. Wolves—he smelt them; wolves from his own pack, their scent trailing perfume and booze and smoke from the nicer hotels. Some of the buildings bore emblems of wolves—invitations for his kind to come and lose themselves in whatever services they offered. So this is where his wolves went to cause trouble.

Thomas smelt them too. He was too young to identify their pack scent but one look at the clench in Ivan's jaw has him squirming on his cracked leather seats. If Lianne noticed, she kept her eyes fixed on the rattling windows outside and paid them no mind.

"Will they know you here?" Ivan asked, leaning closer to be heard over the tram's engine. The driver's eyes flicked to his in the mirror, then back to the road.

"No," she said plainly, eyes still fixed on the outside. Her hands twisted the fraying handles of her carpetbag which she had left open in case she needed that pistol in a hurry. "I know no one here." Her voice sounded empty, but Ivan caught the weight of sadness in her tone as well as a tinge of relief. Knowing no one meant no one else she knew would die for her here.

"Hell. What's that?" Thomas asked as the tram rounded a bend. A massive stone building was perched like an ancient tortoise on top of a wide flight of stone stairs.

"The Great Altar," Lianne answered, pressing her fingers to the glass as if to touch the building through the window. The altar was moulting its stone and stained glass with age, but she took in its crumbling towers and sagging roof like a pilgrim finally seeing the day's end. The steeple leaned awry—a sword stuck between the wrong ribs. "It's known for the crooked steeple," she said, almost fondly.

"Looks dangerous," Thomas said as a flock of birds flew through the altar's empty windows. The gaps in the exterior left cavities in the building like a skull—the birds seemed to fly through the altar's gaping right eye.

"Looks sad," Lianne replied, her voice heavy again. She turned to the front of the tram. "How much longer, sir?"

"Next stop, madam!" the driver called back, his grin as empty and toothless as the altar's windows. Thomas cringed at the dewy gums in the mirror.

Apparently their predecessors had been more devout. They'd situated their house two blocks from the Great Altar, dead in the heart of the Noose.

The driver exacted a toll for their ride on top of the ticket fare, saying they were using a tram line owned by the Wing of the Crow—which when he said through his gums sounded like 'Ing o' da Coe.' Lianne had heard of the gang before and translated. "The gangs own everything here," she said, tightening her hold on her carpetbag. "Just pay him and be done with it."

As soon as they disembarked and turned the corner to the pack house, a fence loomed in greeting. Thick iron bars that reached two stories tall with spear-head tips wrapped around the property. Autumn had stripped the restless and overgrown greenery naked leaving a muddy, twiggy mesh of a garden that smelt of worms and dead leaves.



"What the hell's with the fence?" Lianne asked as they reached the front gate. The iron there was twisted into a great, near-life-sized pine tree that split right down the middle when opened.

"Defense," Thomas answered, setting her other two bags down next to the wolf embossed in the pavement at their feet. "Wolves jump higher than you'd think." Thomas took another long look at the bare bones of the trees and vines; they reached up from the ground like hands clawing their way from a graveyard. "Not too welcoming is it?"

"Hm," Lianne said, running her hands down her skirt.

"Madness to think the Pack once lived here, eh?" Thomas eyed the rusted chain and padlock around the gate with suspicion.

"Before your kind left us to rot?" Lianne said, neck still arched to shake her head at the iron tips piercing the sky's breast. "Can't say I blame you for leaving with things in this state."

"It wasn't that simple, actually. The Pack split over whether or not to leave," said a voice from behind them.

Ivan could forgive Lianne her startle, but Thomas jumped alongside her. The pup needed to learn to use his nose. Besides standing downwind, Charles had made little effort to cover his tracks. Ivan turned to where the hunter leaned carelessly against the boarded-up building across the way.

"What are you doing here?" Lianne asked, surprise biting her tone. Thomas tugged at the black collar around his neck and bared his throat to his Gamma.

Charles' sombre eyes left Ivan's to stretch in that pretty smile for Lianne. "Miss me already, madam?"

Lianne pursed her lips bitterly. "I've been a bit busy. Long night and all that."

Charles had the courtesy to cringe. "Of course." He straightened off the wall and stuffed his hands in his pockets. "Beta," he said, stretching his throat sideways. "Reporting from Alpha as backup if needed."

"I wasn't informed of this," Ivan said softly.

Charles kept his stance loose, but Ivan felt that hunter's tension hover about him. "He thought a hunter might help your case."

An extra scout to replace Curt would have been a nice, a hunter from the military reserve would have been generous, but a Gamma to accompany his Beta on a mission the Alpha thought useless—overkill. But then again Alpha had never been known for his subtlety. The tick in Charles' jaw said he didn't like watching Ivan any more than Ivan liked being watched.

"I see," Ivan said.

Charles walked up to the tall fencing and shook his head when he drew even with the wolf in the pavement. "Apparently years and years ago the Luna of the pack wanted to stay when the Alpha was offered a position with the queen. Keep the gangs in check and whatnot. But Alpha left anyway. She stayed behind with forty some-odd of her wolves."

"Really?" Lianne looked to the wolf carved into the stone at their feet. She brushed a dead leaf from the stone wolf's muzzle with her toe. "Good for her."

"So you'd think. But wolves don't do well without an Alpha. This part of the city used to be called Thorn's Rose—for the Altar. But within ten years after the split, the notorious deaths of the wolves here had it called Thorn's Noose."

"Suicide?" Thomas asked appalled. "All of them?"

Charles shrugged. "All but the Luna. She died some five years later. Alone."

Lianne frowned at the Padlock.

"Great," Thomas said with the smallest steps back. "Now I really want to go in."



Ivan rummaged in his pocket for the key that came with Alpha's letter. "Where'd you learn all this?"

"Been gathering intel since this morning. I know this place somewhat—I'm sent here to find defectors on occasion. The Silent Eye is a group here that deals especially in information. I asked them for the history of the place." Charles wrapped a hand around the iron and pulled to test its strength. It didn't budge. "The gangs still use this place as neutral ground when they need one. They revere the old Luna as a holy woman so keep the place as a sanctuary."

"If they're human, how'd they get up the fence?" Thomas asked.

"Grappling hooks? Catapults? How should I know?" The hunter gave the ironbark one last shake. "What humans lack in brawn, they sure as hell make up for in determination."

"You said she was a holy woman." Lianne quietly set her bag on the pavement. "What sort, do you know?"

Charles turned, offering her his hunter smile. "Not the dreams sort of holy woman, Madam. Though I know you have those yourself."

Thomas stiffened and Ivan sighed. "Charles," he warned.

The hunter's grin turned playful. "I didn't ask for the details on the old Luna's habits. Their information doesn't come free. But, Madam, if you have any rumours to swap with them, I'd sure they'd tell you all you could want to know."

Lianne's proud chin listed back up. "That won't be necessary."

"How did you pay for this information?" Ivan asked.

Charles let go of the iron bars, shoving his hands back in his pockets. "Meh, nothing much. A nice description of a rogue wolf who might be circling around and a hefty reward if they catch him."

Ivan let himself smile a fraction, "Well, at the least you're useful."

Charles gave his wolfish grin and winked at Lianne. "Anything for a pretty lady."

Lianne watched him for a moment, then dipped her proud chin in the sketch of a curtesy. "Thank you, Charles," she said more seriously. Her gratitude fell on them with a somber weight. She meant her thanks for Charles' coming, for keeping his thoughts on her dreams to himself and for tracking William for her.

Charles' smile stayed in place, but his hands fisted. He turned to Ivan with a near-angry glint in his eye. "I'll keep gathering intel, then. Maybe catch a few royal wolves breaking pack code on the way. As you said, if I'm here I might as well be as useful as I can."

Lianne had him nervous. And the more time he spent away from them, the less he'd have to report on his Beta. Ivan dipped his head in thanks. "Do what you will."

Charles bared his throat one last time and reached up to ruffle Thomas' hair.

Thomas recoiled with a growl, which gave Lianne the slightest of smiles. "Will you be back for dinner, then?" she asked.

The question caught Charles in one of his flourishing bows. He straightened with a laugh. "Not if I can help it. We hunters don't... domesticate well."

Lianne raised a brow. "I offered dinner, not domestication."

Charles' eyes darted to Ivan and his smile twisted like a key in a windup toy. "Same thing, madam. Same thing." And he left in the direction of the Great Altar.

Lianne watched him turn the corner. "Is he alright?" she asked after a moment. "He's... different. There is a sharpness to him now."

"A sharpness?" Thomas was disgruntedly rearranging his hair. "You do know he can still hear you."



"He's nervous," Ivan answered. He withdrew the key from his pocket; it shimmered like new in contrast to the weathered padlock on the gate. He hoped it would still work.

Thomas snorted as he swung both carpet bags back on his shoulder. "Please. Hunters are never nervous. They're just angry."

"Nervous about William?" Lianne asked.

Ivan sighed. "No. About me." He fiddled with the cold and gritty padlock; Lianne watched him as close as if she were a hunter herself. "Alpha is worried I might be... domesticated—to borrow the phrase."

Lianne scoffed. "Like I'm some seductress here to take you away from your Pack."

"Well," Thomas said, "you can't smell yourself."

"Excuse me?"

"It's not that you smell bad!" Thomas startled at her tone.

The key turned and the lock snapped open in Ivan's hand.

The pup still scrambled for a way out of the grave he'd dug. "You've just refused the Pack, which is rare and generally impossible—and you're unmated and with the Beta who's also unmated—"

"So that makes me the temptress? What if he is seducing me in hopes that I'll join the Pack?"

me "Ah, yes. My greatest plan," Ivan said dryly. The chain slid through the bars in big coils like a snake.

"Beta!" Thomas said, scandalised.

"Don't tease the pup, Ivan." Lianne said coldly, "This is serious."

Ivan's lips quirked in a half-smile as he wound the chain at the gate's base. "Fear not, Thomas. I'm not on the mating list at all. Charles would have a better chance of getting her than me."

Lianne raised a brow. "Not if I had any say in it."

Ivan's hands stilled on the chain for a minute at the undercurrents in her voice, but at the same time, Thomas was exclaiming, "Not on the mating list! But you're Beta! That's top rank!"

With Lianne fussing over the latch on her bag and unwilling to meet his eye, Ivan decided it was safest to answer the pup. "I don't have time for a mate. Breeders take that into account."

"You're also an influencer. Surely they'd want you to.. well... you know?" Thomas was red again.

"Breed more of his kind?" Lianne snapped the latch closed on her bag with more force than necessary; Ivan was glad the pistol stayed inside. "Yes, let's find a potential broodmare—oh wait. You call that a mate."

"Lady, it isn't like that," Thomas tried.

Ivan laughed at the whine under the brawler's voice. "Easy, pup. Come help with this gate, now. The garden's too thick and the hinges are rusted."

Thomas set the carpet bags back down with an air of relief. "Just push it?"

"Yes, with me now," Ivan said, turning back to the gate, but the brawler had already set both massive hands on the bars and shoved. With a furrow of mud and weeds and the crack of sticks and roots, the gate opened inwards.

Ivan blinked, surprised. Brawlers were strong, but Thomas was really something else. No wonder White Pine administration had decided to overlook his criminal record.

Thomas turned back to the street and rolled out his shoulders. "I've got it, Beta." He was grinning like a proud puppy.

"My," Lianne said.

"Very nice," Ivan granted.

Thomas preened, straightening his waistcoat and looming a few inches taller. Lianne turned to Ivan, raising a brow and crossing her arms. "You were saying something about a mate list?"

Thomas drooped some at the change in conversation. Sympathetic, Ivan smiled. "You did well, pup." He turned to Lianne and gently took her pistol-heavy bag from her, relieved she let him take it now that they'd arrived. "I asked to be off the mate list. Time is a factor. But... the influencer gene is tricky. My line has never bred well. Pups of my own might be more dangerous than anything else."

asked "Dangerous?" Thomas said, brushing his hands down his trousers, then glaring at the rusty smears.

Lianne watched Ivan closely, then nodded and ran her toe along the engraved throat of the wolf on the pavement. "I understand that, then. I shouldn't have kids myself; they or their children would be in as much danger as I am now."

Ivan adjusted his hold on her bag and looked up again at the tall gates in the long, crooked shadow of the Great Altar. "Not if I can help it," he said.

Killing William would leave her as safe as any other potential mate; make her life bearable again. Though if she wanted children... she'd be better off with a wolf, bearing wolf pups. Maybe he really should push for her to be with Charles.

"Shall we, then?" Lianne said, bracing herself as she eyed the muddy entrance to their new sanctuary.

Thomas landed both carpet bags back on his shoulder. "Onward," he said with determination and ploughed into the twiggy garden like it were the jungle.

"Oy! Don't scratch my bags," Lianne called after him, hiking up her skirts and brushing past Ivan. She refused to meet his gaze, but her proximity brushed her warmth and smell over him again: the scent of Lianne with rain-musk and hair cream and flowers.

Ivan wedged the gate back closed behind them and rewound the chain. He knew he was slowly edging towards possessive—which should be avoided at all costs—but he found himself relieved Charles wasn't coming back for dinner. The hunter's grandmother would be foaming at the mouth to get a mate like Lianne for her kin; but the idea of her with a hunter on their side of the river irked Ivan more than it should. Annoyed at his own irritation, Ivan snapped the padlock closed and followed the matching pairs of big and small boots deeper into the gnarled garden.





________________________

She's back! Or he's back -- Sorry, Ivan.

She's back! Or he's he's back -- Sorry, Ivan. If the MC is male does the story stop being female? Hmm....

If the MC is male does the story stop being female? Hmm.... ¯\_( ツ )_/¯

¯\_( ツ )_/¯ I know it's short. But we're going back to every week! Whoop, whoop!

I know it's short. But we're going back to every week! Whoop, whoop! Hope everyone is well; thanks for sticking with my story through these crazy times.

Hope everyone is well; thanks for sticking with my story through these crazy times. Next Update; Next Tues. Or Wednesday. Because now that I'm a college graduate, I got to get me a job. *cringe*

Next Update; Next Tues. Or Wednesday. Because now that I'm a college graduate, I got to get me a job. *cringe* Comment and Vote if you liked it! xx

Comment and Vote if you liked it! xx <3





29. Mould and Bronze


The house was lost in the bramble. Thick, strong trees with leaves fraying from their branches stretched over the house like a birdcage. The squat, stone building seemed small in comparison, crouching into itself to hide from the clawing garden.

"A whole pack lived here?" Lianne asked, teetering on an overturned stepping stone to avoid the mud.

Ivan's hand went to the small of her back to steady her and fell back to his side as soon as she found her balance. "I am sure there are barracks around here somewhere as well."

Thomas eyed the cowering house with apprehension. "I might prefer the barracks then. This place has an eerie air to it."

Three droopy-eyed windows peered at them from either side of the front door, flanked by swollen shutters that cried rust stains down the grey-yellow stone. Seven more glum windows with shutters lined the second floor. What glass remained reflected the wild trees and garden with wary cracks; the rest gaped pane-less.

"Better than Riverway, eh, Thomas?" Lianne asked almost sadly.

"Riverway had corpses," Thomas admitted, facing the big house and braving the weed-ridden front steps. "Hey!" he called from the threshold. "This fits my size!" He stretched up a hand to touch the ceiling of the columned overhanging nearly two feet above his head.

Ivan smiled a bit. "Of course it does. It's a pack house."

The door creaked open at the brawler's slightest touch; either unlocked or picked by thieves years ago. Stray leaves hissed against stone as the door traced an arch of debris and dirt on the rose and cream marble.

"Hell," Thomas said as the entry opened up to them. He stepped backward in retreat and Ivan had to put his hand to the pup's back in warning—lean any further and they'd lose Lianne down the muddy steps. "I swear I thought that was a ghost," Thomas said, rueful but still unnerved.

"Where?" Lianne stood on her tiptoes but still found herself infinitely too short to see around the brawler's frame. Clicking her tongue in annoyance, she ducked under Thomas' elbow.

She stopped a few feet past the door. Before her loomed a great shrouded statue—its contours blurred by a sheet that stood taller than Thomas. A breeze from outside scuttled leaves across the floor and fingered the edge of the sheet's hem in invitation.

"A bad omen, that," the pup muttered, leaning forward for a better look, but refusing to step inside.

"Oh please," Lianne said stiffly. The dirt on the floor muffled the clack of her boots as she stepped decisively closer. The smell of age and cold stone and sour mould swallowed her whole. "Only children think ghosts wear sheets."

She wrapped her fingers around a fold in the sheet and gave it a determined pull. It fell to her feet like a spill of milk, billowing leaves and dust around her ankles. A dark bronze statue stood in the displaced billows of dust.

Ivan brushed past Thomas, his boots carefully silent in the cavernous house.

The statue was of a woman, strong-boned and wide-featured with hair cut close to the scalp. She stood as if caught mid-step; her bare feet on a rough forest floor, her hand resting on the head of a large wolf. She looked up to a distant sky while the wolf at her feet curled his black-wrought lips in a protective snarl.

"The eyes are so real," Thomas breathed, finally crossing the threshold for a closer look at the wolf.

"Must have been the Luna," Ivan said, his eyes fixed on the woman's face some two feet above his own. Something about her pose radiated strength; her neck arched to reveal an engraved rendition of the White Pine seal tattooed under her ear--just like they used to do in the old days.



The rest of the room seemed unworthy to house such a piece. No carpet, but smeared, grimy marble and two flights of sagging stairs rimmed either side of the room. The arch beneath the stairs opened to a large room with missing doors.

Ivan left the statue to investigate; open space left him uneasy.

None of the windows beyond the stairs were intact. Even yesterday's rain had gusted in, washing a great puddle into the centre of the room. The water and fog-soaked light of the afternoon cast a mirror on the floor, the reflected ceiling and columns inverting the room to another time--perhaps this Luna's time-- when the stairs pounded with little playing feet or paws and the warm fires crackled over shared laughs and hearty fights and great dreams.

"She looks cold." Lianne's voice behind him broke the enchantment of the upsidedown reflection. The large room beyond the entry was reduced to stagnant water and shattered glass once again.

"Your Luna, you said?" Lianne asked as he turned back around. She hesitantly reached her hand to the statue's long, metal fingers.

"Mm," Ivan said in the affirmative. He set Lianne's bag down at the foot of the stairs. The cold, green-grey scent of mould was softening at the corners, laced with the gold-yellow scent of Lianne.

The small woman looked even smaller before the looming, willowy statue. Her hands were knotted tight in her shawl and her neck arched up for a better view, almost matching the proud tilt of the Luna's chin.

"She was beautiful," Lianne said.





Ivan looked away. "She was."

"Living room is on the left!" Thomas announced boisterously, emerging from the rooms off the base of the left staircase. "And an office behind it with books still in the cases!"

"Books?" Lianne asked, her hand falling from the statue's as she followed in the pup's muddy footprints.

Ivan stood before the immortalized Luna a second longer. Tall, proud, serene, determined. As slow as if he were cast in bronze as well, Ivan lowered himself to his knee and bared his throat before her. The statue didn't move, but the waterlogged light from the far room seemed to stretch her shadow an inch further, covering his shoulders with a chilling weight.

He stood before the pup and Lady returned.

The door off the right staircase led to the dining room, which had a long, scarred table and twelve chairs surprisingly intact. Thomas slumped into a chair to check it's balance. It didn't so much as creak. The pup grinned and leaned back on two legs, nearly tipping into the hinge-torn door.

Beyond the dining room was the kitchen and scullery room; the kitchen by far the worst off out of the three.

"This is what you'll be cleaning first," Lianne said with disgust, peering down the slimy black sink. A rat scurried along the shelf above her head, making Thomas cringe.

"Me?" he whined. "Clean? In here?"

"A wolf scared of a little mouse?" she tsked, brushing her hands down her skirt. "Maybe you can enlist your Beta. Surely he's seen some rats on your side."

"Metaphorically speaking," Ivan granted. The scratching and sniveling within the walls made his stomach turn. Lianne must have caught the cringe at the corner of his mouth because she allowed herself a small laugh.

Thomas rubbed the back of his neck, pleased to hear her laughter. "I'll clean it, Miss. That way you can make dinner."

Her smile saddened, as if its weight was too much to carry. She shared what remained of her amsument with Thomas. "Just be grateful your Beta will pay for your groceries. If not, I'd be feeding you some lean rat stew."



"Lady!"

Lianne offered another tired laugh at the pup's revulsion. Her eyes lingered on the spiderwebs in the deary corners and the rat feces on the open shelves. Not with disgust or alarm like Ivan or Thomas, but with a conviction of possibility that was sobered by the prospect of hard work. Even the smudged windows and uneven floor seem more welcoming than before.

"Upstairs, then?" Lianne suggested, her tone having steeled itself to be cheerful.

Ivan and Lianne trailed behind Thomas; the brawler, oblivious to his task, sent first to make sure the stairs would hold them.

Two bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms sprouted from each staircase, each smelling worst than the last. In one they found a closet that doubled as a makeshift infirmary, complete with boxes of expired medical supplies, a furled cot and a basket of rodent-nibbled shifters.

Two solid oak doors stood where the stairways met, ornately carved with the seal of White Pine. Ivan opened them before Thomas could hazardously try. Inside, large like the entertainment room below, lay a faded carpet, a long table and row after row of bookshelves in dark wood.

"A library?" Lianne brushed past him.

Thomas entered after her. "Smells like old people," he complained. "And old... blood?"

Ivan gestured to a dark brown stain on the book bindings and carpet fringe in the far corner. "So it would seem."

"Hell." Thomas took a step back, his cufflinks pressed to his nose again. "So much for a sanctuary."

"Probably a deal went wrong." Lianne ran her fingers along the felty spines of the old books in various shades of brown and blue and burgundy. "All the same, it's a miracle they haven't raided it over the years."

"Well." Thomas stuck his fingers in the peppering of bulletholes in an abused shelf. "At the least they removed the body."

"Ha. Now you're getting it, pup." Lianne tried to spin a globe by the window with the glass panes miraculously still intact, but it only creaked an inch in protest. "We'll make you right like this side yet."

Ivan still lingered near the threshold. The heady smells of mildew and paper, of old blood and a damp fireplace was overwhelming but not overly unpleasant. It felt thick, like waking up in a dank cave in the mountains; a smell that entered the body with a cold weight. But it was a weight of books and paintings and libraries left like forgotten treasures in the mirk and mire of this side of the river. The smell of history forgotten. And they'd thought of selling this place?

"I mean, why keep all the books?" Thomas was asking behind him. "Surely those could have been sold."

"Sometimes there are memories people won't touch," Lianne answered. She was eyeing an iron spiral staircase at the end of the table, a trap door at the top that lead to some would-be attic space.

Her words pricked at Ivan. How had he--the Beta--known so little of this place?

"Hey, Lady," Thomas said nervously. "Those stairs don't look so good."

Lianne's skirts were lifted to the white petticoats underneath as she climbed the spiral of stairs. "Oh, hush," she said, letting go of her skirts to push open small door on the ceiling. With a good shove, it rapped against the attic floor and spilled forth a cascade of dust.

Thomas waved the silvery flecks from his face with a grimace. He set his big boot on the swaying iron--pockmarked with rust--to follow her up.

"Allow me," Ivan said lightly, a hand to the brawler's arm. "Just in case it's not as sturdy as it looks." Or, more aptly said, in case it was exactly as sturdy as it looked.

Thomas shrugged a massive shoulder away from Ivan's hand. "I thought it was made for my size," he pouted. He gave the railing a testing tug and it wiggled like a loose tooth.

"It's a prayer room," Lianne called from above, pleasantly surprised. "Small, but with a kneeler and all."

Ivan made it up two creaking steps before she appeared at the top of the stairs. Behind her, gem-coloured tapestries unfurled from rafters and rolled carpets against the wall cluttered the room. "This is where I'll be sleeping," she declared.

"Is there a bed?" Ivan asked.

"Bring up that cot you mentioned," she said, looking around vibrant room with satisfaction . "Safer than the beds in those guest rooms, anyway."

. Now a few stairs from the top, Ivan hesitated. It was small—barely big enough for the cot he'd bring. There was a kneeler with dust deeply ingrained in its red velvet cushions and a side table crammed with icons and books and bowls of prayer beads against the wall. "Is that stained glass?" he asked, surprised.

Though he couldn't see the window, the light moved over her skin like champagne and wine in twin glasses of crystal.

Lianne looked to the window with a small smile. "Of St. George," she said softly.

He didn't know who St. George was and he didn't plan on finding out. The room was definitely too small for him to fit in alongside Lianne and her sweet scent and that pink shawl that sloped off her shoulder. Ivan backed down a stair. "I'll take your word for it. Thomas'll bring up your bags."

"Then start on the kitchen and send the pup for food. I'll make dinner." Her hand reached out to press her fingers to the colourful glass he couldn't see. The shadow of her hand fell back on her face to brush her cheek like a touch to clear tears. From her splintered red door to dusty red kneelers; the tiny room was oddly fitting for Lianne.





Turned out St. George was a warrior who slew dragons. Ivan learned this when he dropped off the cot while Lianne attempted to make dinner by grime and candlelight. He figured she loved the shiny armour of the saint and his long blonde hair coiffed beneath a purple-plumed helmet. The knight drove his long spear into the neck of a retching dragon. It was the beast itself that caught Ivan's eye—chained to the ground, moulting scales and breathing its last, vile breath of fire.

The image followed him like a ghost, even into the late hours of the night as he scoured every surface in the kitchen. The reek of the bleach he used clung to the roof of his mouth in a familiar pall. Images ran through his mind as he washed a sink full of dishes-- Lianne rocking on the stairway, the furious twist of Jess' blood-smeared mouth, and back again to that beast in the stained glass gurgling in its own fiery blood.

Suddenly, a plate snapped under the force of his scrubbing. He set it aside and leaned over the sink. His heart pounded cycles of blood hotter than the dragon's fire through his limbs. He smeared the sweat off his brow and eyed the broken porcelain in the nasty kitchen.

A shattered plate. An abandoned house. A dragon.

Why did they all come with a sting? A feeling like they'd lost something he couldn't name--let alone recover. He'd never thought about his kind, his pack, himself like this before. Their way of living occasionally felt off-beat to him—especially on the rare occasions he attended mass or confession. But how could a plate, some old glass and rats in a house make him feel so... alone?

He left the kitchen for the pup to clean the next morning and foraged in his pack for his paperwork. Best keep his mind on current Pack matters, not what was left of the old White Pine.

____________

I know it's a lot of description. I hope you didn't notice too much though.

I know it's a lot of description. I hope you didn't notice too much though. Getting back into weekly updates will take me a while. But I think I can officailly move my posting date to Wednesday. Because that's what today is. Not Thursday. Nope. This isn't late.

Getting back into weekly updates will take me a while. But I think I can officailly move my posting date to Wednesday. Because that's what today is. Not Thursday. Nope. This isn't late. Dedicated to @LadyLuna4eva for all the helpful comments last week! xx <3

Dedicated to @LadyLuna4eva for all the helpful comments last week! xx <3 Comment and Vote if you liked it!

Comment and Vote if you liked it! Next Update, Next Wednesday.

Next Update, Next Wednesday.





30. Dust and Frost


The morning sun slowly brightened the slim windows of the library. Ivan sat at the head of the table, now a long topography of interesting books, ignored paperwork, and old ink stains that remembered its previous patrons in patchy blues and rings of black. While the chair was more comfortable than anything he'd sat on this side, the comfort somehow only worsened his posture. Over the paperwork, he stooped, a pen long-dried in hand and both elbows on the table.





According to this inventory report, their prison was overusing the wolfsbane they kept for bad cases, nearly doubling last month's statistic. Some lesser-ranked wolf had sent this his way; their prison wardens were another sort of beast entirely and generally bowed only to rank.

The creak of the downstairs door offered a reprieve, albeit an unwelcome one. Ivan's heart clenched. Even as he assured himself Thomas' presence in the garden was deterrent enough for any sane intruder, his blood spiked at the thought of facing William again so soon.

Charles' voice cursed below.

A long breath escaped him as he leaned back in his chair, disappointment mixing with relief.

The Luna statue had probably startled the hunter—big and looming and lonesome. His curse had been a startled one, which amused Ivan as his alarm faded. He screwed the top back on his pen.

He expected the hunter to explore the rest of the house as they had the night before. But, after another curse towards the statue, the hunter's soft boots began to climb the stairs, tracking Ivan's scent directly.

Whatever his sense of urgency, Charles sauntered through the carved doors of the library with an expression of innocence and childish curiosity. His scent of cold pine, sweat and mint barely brushed over the thick, gnarled smell of books and dust.

"Well, it does reek," Charles said, smacking his tongue to the roof of his mouth to clear the taste of age. "But, all in all, a nice place. The books, the stairs, the windows."

"Mm," Ivan answered. He refolded his spectacles and laid them neatly parallel to his pen at the head of the paper.

Charles had swapped his waistcoat for something equally gaudy and inappropriate. The loose, pale blue shirt had ballooning sleeves that cinched at the wrist. Of course, its top three buttons were undone for the fuzz of his chest, and the shirt—dare he say blouse—was from fabric so fine it slid around the hunter's movements like butter. With his hair down and tattoos crawling up his neck, he looked like he'd jumped straight out from a picture on the queen's playing cards. How he got information from of suspicious this-siders truly spoke to his talent.

The hunter's eyes drifted to the base of the iron staircase off the end of the table and slowly traced Lianne's scent up to the door in the ceiling. His gaze swung to Ivan and back again to Lianne's room.

"Awful close," the hunter commented with that too-sharp smile. He ran his finger over a water stain on the table to mask an innocent shrug. "Cozy-like. What when there's plenty of space elsewhere."

"Mm," Ivan said again, rubbing the marks the spectacle's had left in the shallow bridge of his nose. He was still tired; he hadn't slept in days. But the quiet night and early morning had finally left him with that settled feeling he'd somehow misplaced. He could deal with the hunter today.

Charles seemed to sense his Beta's new fortitude and decided not to press the issue. "Nice painting," he said nonchalantly, gesturing to the large acrylic wedged between the bookshelves by the door.

"Good eye," Ivan said, stretching his neck with the stiffness of morning. "That's what I've been reading up on."

"Oh?" Charles moved to take a better look, casting a fuzzy shadow over the brush strokes. Ivan knew it well enough by now to imagine the blurred lines.



It was of a pack of wolves climbing a mountain in the dead of night. A winter storm cast the piece in silver and grey, and great looming pines watched them trudge through the snow with a stoop in their bows that looked like pity.

Charles ran his finger over the plaque at the base of the frame, dusting the gold in the same track Ivan's own thumb had left. Under the date, age-blotted letters read:

Winter Desolation

Winter Desolation Commissioned by Luna Anastasia

Commissioned by Luna Anastasia Then, scratched underneath in the uneven groove of a wolf's extended claw were the letters:

I N F .

I N F . "Vandalism," Charles said, picking at the three letters with his fingernail.

Ivan shrugged. "It's a little more than that. The letters reminded me of something... In old tradition, that was the mark of an influencer—a seal of their approval, if you will."

Charles clasped his hands behind his back like a good little boy in a museum. "Your books teach you that?" He sounded intrigued, but he merely feigned attention to keep Ivan occupied; his eyes wandered back around the room.

Ivan closed the book nearest him. "Influencers would scratch letters like that into pieces they felt were pertinent to understanding the state of the Pack. Art as a medium, translating their perspective for other breeds."

Charles looked to him then, his attention garnered. Wolves received special training by breed—rarely did one breed discuss their own with another. "Huh," the hunter said noncommittally, bending to investigate the bullet holes in the wall as if they were more interesting. "And you'd forgotten this. Your mentor would be ashamed."

Ivan's laugh stuck to the roof of his mouth. "White Pine hasn't practiced prophetic influence in years. So no... he wouldn't hold this against me."

"The painting's prophetic?" Charles looked back over his shoulder. "Looks rather grim."

"Maybe, maybe not." Ivan rolled his pen over the edge of his paper and back to its place again. "What makes a good influencer is their ability to see what matters to people and then influence them towards or away from that. Seeing what matters to a pack is like seeing their direction, their motivation, their grievances. Some reported more... mystical impressions of the state of the pack."

"Like visions and the like?" Charles' hands had fisted behind his back and he shot the painting another look. "That sounds like a whole other breed. From the legends." He turned to Ivan with alarm. "Have you ever...?"

Ivan waved his hand before Charles could finish his question. "No, no. Only the powerful influencers."

"You're powerful."

Ivan couldn't force a laugh that time. "Nothing like other wolves out there." Charles' expression turned defiant which relaxed Ivan enough to chuckle. "I am powerful, sure. But my giftings are skewed. There were two of us, you know." He shot a look to Lianne's spiral stairs, absurdly needing to make sure it was still empty. "One of us got all the power. The other all the finer tunings of our breed. I was the latter."

"So you see what matters to people."

"In a way."

"But no pictures?"

"No."

As if it were the third presence in the room, both wolves turned to look at the painting. It seemed to spread a window in the library, one left open to the frosted cold, harsh wind and matted fur.

"Well. Doesn't look like you're missing much," Charles said.

"Ha." Ivan's hand found the empty mug he'd set behind a stack of books. He rolled the porcelains bottom rim in a circle on the wood. "Though sometimes... I wonder. If I could see what the pack looks like today..."

"A mystical vision?" Charles mocked him.

"No. Maybe. Answers would be nice though. See the problem; solve the problem."

"Not if things are that grim." Charles turned his back to the painting. "Do you know if William ever...?" Charles didn't finish his question as Ivan shrugged.

"Who knows?" He met the hunter's eye with a rueful smile. "We haven't exactly been on speaking terms the last few years."

Charles lifted a shoulder in apology. "I guess not."

"No." Ivan's hand slipped from his mug and the droll sound of a circle on wood broke like a needle pulled from a gramophone. Ivan righted the mug with a sigh, "How's downstairs sound? Fill my coffee? Hear what you came for."

Charles hesitated; his expression frozen in that pleasantly impassive hunter way a second too long. Then he cast a final look to Lianne's room and nodded. "After you, Beta." He was more nervous than a saint coming to confess a crime. Ivan led him from of the library with the sharp beginnings of dread in his chest.

__________________

And.... we're on time! If a bit short. When I came on to post today I realised this scene was 4,300 words. I decided to cut it at the setting change. Rest up next week!

And.... we're on time! If a bit short. When I came on to post today I realised this scene was 4,300 words. I decided to cut it at the setting change. Rest up next week! Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3 Next Update, Next Wed.

Next Update, Next Wed. xx

xx Dedicated to @mosunmadefatimat for all the votes last week! Thanks, love!

Dedicated to @mosunmadefatimat for all the votes last week! Thanks, love!





31. Oil and Silk


The carpet down the stairs was more brown than its intended red, sagging down each step like a child's lost ribbon. It smelled vile and sticky; Lianne had added its removal to the wolves' ever-growing list of chores.

The coffee in the kitchen was cold and Ivan didn't have it in him to face the ever-stained burner for a second brew. He sloshed what was left of last night's into a mug. Charles declined a drink of his own, eyeing the kitchen with a curl in his lip.

To his credit, the hunter kept his thoughts to himself. "Hear anything about Curt?" he asked, folding his arms with a billow of sleeves and leaning against the counter with an air of ownership.

Ivan almost pointed out the mousehole behind the shelf by his ear but refrained. "We'll know by sundown tonight. Apparently, he had a better go of it yesterday afternoon."

"Heard nothing since?" There was a hint of pity to the hunter's voice; ferals tended to come in and out of it.

"They'll contact me with any changes," Ivan answered firmly.

"Does your Miss know he might be put down?"

Ivan swirled the coffee in his cup, the black liquid climbing the walls in a dark gold spotted with stray coffee grains. "Chances of a put-down are slim." He was proud his voice came as even as before. "That beast's influence will be bled out of him and he'll be back here before she can worry. She doesn't understand pack politics. So its best to keep this between wolves."

Something in the left wall squeaked and scurried. Charles moved a few feet down the counter, probably sensing his vulnerable position with all that hunter training. His arms remained crossed and he drummed his fingers on his biceps with restless agitation.

Ivan sipped his cold coffee, feeling oddly nostalgic for his teacup at Lianne's with the hairline crack. Colder coffee always went down slick like oil with a bitter bite at the back of the tongue. "If you go back our side, bring me some coffee, eh?"

"Anything for our Beta."

Ivan tried his coffee again. "Hm. Report, then."

Charles scraped his toe along the blackened grout of the floortiles. "Well. That statue in the entryway is as creepy as hell." The hunter tried for a dry laugh.

Ivan sipped his coffee again.

"And nothing else, really. I ended up wandering back here last night."

He said his last phrase a beat too rushed; therein lay the key that was twisting the hunter's frame a fraction too tight. Ivan raised his brow. "Well, you should have come in for dinner."

Charles didn't laugh. "I almost did. There is something about her scent. No. That's not it. She just...." The hunter grit his teeth, his blue-inked knuckles turning white in the crook of his arm. He didn't talk about his feelings on principle.

Ivan tried to ease the tension with another cold wash of coffee down his throat. "Any woman makes you feel just about anything, Charles."

"Not like that," he snapped, then rubbed the back of his neck. "Take Thomas. His kind need years to find themselves in all that muscle. All attitude and bluster, never submitting to a cause greater than their own ego."

"And you know what that's like, eh?" Ivan hid his smirk with the rim of his mug.

Charles bared the edges of his teeth in response. "All I'm saying is that the pup's gone from a dumb brawler to a purposed one real fast."

"It was my unparalleled training and mentorship. Or maybe that's too much credit. Just fear of Kate, probably. Although, don't tell her that."

"I'm not joking around, Ive."



"Neither am I. Thomas wants into White Pine; he'll make sure he gets in. That better be a cause greater than his own ego. I don't see the problem."

"Her, her!" Charles slapped the edge of the counter, like a spring snapping from its socket. "She's the problem! She wraps around you and pulls you in. The pup wants to listen to her and comfort her and protect her and, and clean for her! I saw him out in that garden. Whistling a merry tune in the weeds! If that's not a bond, I don't know what is. And don't look at me like that, Ive."

"Rare to see a woman under your skin. I am savoring my moments."

" I came back for dinner!" Charles exclaimed in exasperation. "Me! To sit at some table in a filthy kitchen just to make sure she was alright."

I "Your reputation will suffer greatly."

"Fine. You want to play. I'll play." Charles took Ivan's coffee from him—breaking every rule of protocol. He set it on the counter with a solid clack of porcelain on stone. "You know me, Ivan. Women come and go. I want one, I have one. But I never let myself at a taken woman."

Ivan raised both brows.

"Well, never a wolf's taken woman. They can't be mine so they're relegated to some realm of non-existence. This lady here, I know she's yours. I do. So that means she should be left in some pile I never revisit. But she... she weighs on me. I feel her crying on my arm, see her on the stairs, the way she looked at the iron gates of this place. And it's not mate-hunting. I know what you're thinking, Ive, but it's not. For the love of bleeding everything, she's a threat! She could take you from us. But she is not a threat I am interested in eliminating. Do you see the problem?"

"Sounds like puppy-love to me."

"She's a pack-weaver, Ivan!" Charles shoved his hands in his hair while he said the words . "Dammit."

Ivan's heart stopped a moment, then flooded his system with blood so hot it made his ears ring. "What did you just say?"

"You heard me." Charles put one hand on the counter and the other on the kitchen island, sagging forward like the word was a weight off his chest. "A pack-weaver."

Hearing Charles say it was different than hearing Thomas blunder through calling her a Luna. The title came with memories of her dreams, her hands gentle on Curt's wounds, the baby squalling for life as it started to rain.

"Like the old times," Charles was saying, "when mates held us together. Kept not just one wolf grounded in himself but gave a whole pack a reason live and fight and win. A pack-weaver. Healer. Dreamer."

"Stop it," Ivan said. It was nothing he didn't know, but hearing it from his gamma seemed to paint the memories in a sharper hue. He'd contained the reality of her to this side of the river; Charles was going to drag her over if he wasn't careful. "You're crazy." But already Ivan could taste the metallic tinge of defeat in his words.

"I'm not." Charles held Ivan's eyes with all their brown-black fire, leveraging each of those four years and two inches he had on his Beta. "The brawler, me, that pup Curt resisting the feral to protect a child."

"Hell." Ivan rubbered his hand over the bridge of his nose again, allowing himself to look as tired as he felt.

Charles watched him lean against the sink with calculating eyes. "You knew this, didn't you?"

"I've been with her for weeks. Of course, I knew."

"Which is why you're so adamant about keeping her from Cutting River."

"Well, I'm sure Will's not blind to her sway over us."

Charles barked a harsh laugh, lightly rapping the counter with his knuckles. "You knew. And here I was sweating bullets thinking you'd tear my throat out for suggesting it."



Ivan ran his hand over his brow and through his hair. "I still might."

"Oh, please. Getting you to realize it would be the hard part. You aren't keen on legends and the old superstitions."

"You'd be surprised." Ivan eyed the hunter, whose lines were sharp with greed and some giddy hope. "And what would you have me do with this information, Charles?" That metallic weight on his tongue turned cold with fear.

The hunter's lip curled over his teeth for a chilling laugh. "What would I have you do? Are you out of your mind? Name a single pack with a powerful Luna. A single one! With her, White Pine would be... would be great again—the strongest pack in the bleeding world!"

Ivan shook his head.

"I know you don't like hearing this about our current Luna and I've respected that. It's no use wishing for something you can't have. But, Ive. We really could now. You and her—"

Ivan's own lip rose to bare his teeth. "No, Charles. You respected my order because honoring pack rank is the right thing to do. We have an Alpha. And a Luna. This is a woman from the other side of the river with documents we signed saying we'll leave her alone. Spit on all that and what's left of us? Is that the White Pine you joined?"

There was a horrible pause, words burning in Charles that he chose not to say.

"No. And it sure as hell isn't the White Pine I stand in. One of our own—my own, my own brother took more from her than you or I could ever imagine. Worse, we left her here with nothing but demons and a reputation to haunt her. And you'd have me drag her back into all of this?"

"No one said anything about dragging," Charles growled. "A little sweet talk never hurt anyone."

"She swore never to cross the river. Told me so when we first met. I won't have her break that for some power-play I want no part in and your growing desperation for White Pine's recognition."

Charles' expression hardened.

Ivan sighed, stepping back for some air between them. "I know you're angry at how things are. But don't hold it against Alpha--he suffers as much as we do. And, call it a wild hope or old regrets or sheer desperation, but I think our presence here is the beginning of making things right for us. Just look at this place! Empty and forgotten and left behind. I was born White Pine and I never knew we had something like this. The sins, the victories, the bonds we abandoned here. It's no wonder we hurt like we do."

Charles clicked his tongue, crossing his arms as he surveyed the decaying room. "Well, don't get too sentimental over it. We could do without this."

"Just like we can do without her." Ivan leaned forward. "All I'm saying is that you're wanting to take her and use her to—"

There was a sound above them, of Lianne descending her iron steps.

Ivan lowered his voice, "Use her to staunch our wounds when you're not taking a look at what's caused them."

our "I have been looking at what's caused them."

"Well, it's not Lewis," Ivan said sharply. "So something's wrong with your looking."

Charles blinked at hearing Alpha's name.

Ivan rolled the tight muscles around in neck. "I have considered his rank as much as you and I have chosen to bare my throat. He's dealing with the hand he was given. One riddled with crimes and infertility and wolves lost this side of the river. And as for Tatiana... surely our fate cannot rest in one woman alone."

Charles nodded stiffly for a moment, bounding on his toes to bleed out his tension. But when he finally unhinged the locked contours of jaw—Lianne entered the dining room.



The hunter hissed a breath through his teeth like a kettle on the stove but he stepped aside and leaned back on the counter an acceptable distance away. Ivan busied himself with drinking his coffee to the grainy dregs.

Fortunately, Lianne seemed more groggy than awake when she first walked in. Her hair was still in a silk scarf—or maybe this sleeping updo had a different name. It scrunched around her temples in folds of green and purple.

"Where's Curt?" she asked, leaning on the door-handle and wiping the sleep from under her eyes.

Charles returned to scuffing his toe in the grout as he reigned his temper back to manageable proportions.

"He's not home yet?" Lianne came marginally more awake, her hand falling to fist in her skirts, rumpled from sleep.

"No. Not yet." Ivan felt the distance he was trying to put between himself and the woman starching his words. Charles' lip twitched in disdain.

Lianne didn't seem to notice. "Where the hell is he?" she demanded, definitely more alarmed than asleep.

"Still at the infirmary." Ivan softened his tone with a step towards her. Just waking up, she smelt like creased flowers, warm blankets, and frail dust.

"The infirmary?" Lianne put a hand to her temple and sagged against the door, as if trying to remember something.

"Are you alright?" Ivan asked.

Charles finally looked up, a hint of concern masked with impatience.

Lianne held up a hand, her breath quickening with urgency. "No. He's in a cage. I dreamt it."

"Lianne..."

"No. I dreamt it. I feel it." Her hand wrapped around the cotton collar at her throat. "He's in a cage, Ivan!"

Ivan extended both his hands to her and slipped a cooling influence over the room. "They'd have told me if they'd moved him to the cage. He's fine."

Her hand on the door tightened. " The cage? You have cages in your infirmaries?" Her voice rose with alarm.

The "Only for the bad cases," Charles offered without feeling, whether from ignorance or petty vengeance, Ivan couldn't tell.

If the latter, it had the desired effect. Lianne's back straightened and she stepped into the kitchen like a fury descending her perch. "You told me he'd be fine. Back in a day, you said—"

"He should still be fine! Nothing's changed. It was just a dream." If Charles wasn't watching so closely he might have put a hand on her shoulder to comfort her.

"Just a—!" She tore the bonnet from her head, releasing a spill of braids. "I don't have 'just dreams', Ivan. You said you could contact the doctor—so do so. Now."

"Lianne, they are busy with other things; the births and miscarriages—"

"So busy they put him in a cage."

"Who's in a cage?" Thomas came through the door, turning his shoulders sideways out of habit. He slowed to a halt at the lingering smells of panic and testosterone in the room.

Lianne nearly shook with feeling. "Contact them, Ivan. Now."

Thomas looked between his Beta and the woman. "Is this about Curt?" he asked, one garden glove still on, the other limp in his big fist.

"Tom-pup, " Charles whispered, twisting his previous snarls to innocence, "why don't you come stand over here?"

Too troubled to correct the hated moniker, Thomas moved to stand behind his gamma.

"Ivan." Lianne's voice was meant to grab his attention like a slap.

Ivan tossed the last sandy dregs of his coffee down his throat. "Alright. Give me a minute."

Lianne, still fuming, snatched his mug from him and rinsed it in the sink. If she noticed how much more the kitchen shone than the night before, she said nothing. But she reached around him for the crooked-stemmed french-press to wash that as well.

Ivan leaned against the counter across the sink. Close enough to stop her from throwing any dishes in her temper, but safely out of the line of fire just in case. Her skirts brushed the tops of his socks.

'Beta Ivan,' He tried to keep the anger from his tone as he alerted the pack doctor to his presence.

'Beta Ivan,' 'Ah. Beta,' The doctor was quick to respond, 'I was just about to contact you.'

'Ah. Beta,' 'I was just about to contact you.' 'Checking in on Curt.'

'Checking in on Curt.' 'The put-down is scheduled for an hour. He didn't have any kin, but Alpha came to sign the documents instead.'

'The put-down is scheduled for an hour. He didn't have any kin, but Alpha came to sign the documents instead.' Ivan closed his eyes. Damn.

"What is it?" Lianne asked, standing so close he felt her heat on his exposed neck like a sunburn.

'You were to do nothing without notifying me,' Ivan's growl pressed through the link.

'You were to do nothing without notifying me,' He felt the doctor's alarm in turn, 'Beta, I- I apologise. Alpha came to oversee it himself. He said you were busy...'

'Beta, I- I apologise. Alpha came to oversee it himself. He said you were busy...' "Curt is in a cage?" Thomas asked, his presence leaking horror and fear into the room like poison.

"He sure as hell won't be there for long." Lianne was furious. Her hand wrapped around the fabric of Ivan's shirt, tensing all the muscles in his midriff. "Now you listen here, Ivan."

'Hold everything. I'll be there within the hour.' Ivan pried Lianne's grip from his shirt.

'Hold everything. I'll be there within the hour.' 'Hold everything? But Alpha—'

'Hold everything? But Alpha—' 'Do as I say.'

'Do as I say.' 'Yes, Beta.' Ivan realized his fingers were wrapped too tightly around Lianne's and he quickly let them go. "Whatever lecture you're about to give me, Lady, I don't have time for."

'Yes, Beta.' Lianne ground her teeth but stepped aside. Ivan faced his wolves. He must have looked fully his rank because even Charles straightened off the counter.

"You two, you're on guard. Charles, no leaving. And if William comes..."

Thomas' eyes widened with horror. "What if he does to us what he did to Curt?"

Ivan snarled, causing Lianne to start. "I won't be caught unprepared this time." He fisted his hand in the hem of his shirt and tore from it a long strip of cotton. "Ever heard of a blood claim?"

Charles grinned to his canines and rocked up on his toes. "Now we're talking."

__________

Yay! Hope this made up for last weeks shorter stint. :)

Yay! Hope this made up for last weeks shorter stint. :) Was unsure about the title. Any other ideas? This one was tough since it should be with last weeks.

Was unsure about the title. Any other ideas? This one was tough since it should be with last weeks. Comment and Vote if you liked it!



Comment and Vote if you liked it!



Next Update; Next Wednesday. <3

Next Update; Next Wednesday. <3 xx

xx





32. Concrete and Crytal


Ivan tore the hem of his undershirt in two thin strips. Lianne crossed her arms and leaned against a counter, but kept her mouth shut, sensing a ritual she should have no part in.

"Wolves, stand before me," Ivan said solemnly.

Charles and Thomas kneaded the ground with their feet, the first with a fire of fight in his eyes, the second with an anxious buzz to his build. Ivan looked to Thomas first, then Charles, pinning the deepest animal in them with the weight of his rank. "Do you submit to me and my authority?"

"Yes, Beta," both said, with the clip and force of a military gun. Charles' lip curled in a grin.

"Do you acknowledge this ground as mine?"

"Yes, Beta."

"Then listen here." He pulled on every bit of authority he had in his bones and steeled it over his commands; he had to rival William. "This land and this woman are to be protected at all costs. This is my order. Do you accept it?"

"Yes, Beta," Charles said forcefully. Thomas swallowed first, but accepted with a nervous bounce to his toes."

"Kneel and bare your throats." He tried to keep the snarl from his words. Overstretching his power would make him sound cruel, and that would undermine it all.

They obeyed.

Ivan extended a black claw from his finger and with a sure stroke, cut it across the vein in his wrist. Lianne choked on a gasp, a hand flying to her mouth. Before the slice could heal, he sopped up his blood with the cotton strands of his shirt. The smell of blood mixed with last night's kitchen bleach and Ivan's jaw locked at the ghosts carried. Once the cotton was as soaked, he handed one to each kneeling wolf.

"As I said, I didn't take the right precautions before." Ivan's voice softened. "With no other influencers in the pack, I forgot how dangerous one could be. This should help. As soon as you smell him, tie this around your throat and breathe in my scent—especially if he starts pushing you around. It'll remind you of the orders you took up in my name and restore your will."

He grit his teeth, but hid the sudden wave of anger by running the slowing blood on his wrist under the kitchen tap. "The key is not letting him in. He's weak in that he doesn't know where to push. He's just guessing at what makes you tick."

Charles ground his teeth through his smile; Thomas' anxiety had shed into a solemn fierceness only brawlers could hold. You'd need an army to pry him for Lianne's side now.

Ivan dabbed his arm try with a kitchen towel, adding red blots to the blue stripes like flowers. He forced himself to relax a fraction, cuffing Thomas' set jaw the dry edge of the towel. "You'll both be fine, eh? I'll be back with Curt before you know it."

Tossing the towel in the sink, he turned to Lianne. Her hand was still over her mouth and her dark eyes were wide on the glossy red streak over his wrist. Somehow the braids made her eyes look bigger.

"Why can't Charles go?" she asked weakly, dropping her hand. "Or Thomas?"

Ivan hesitated. "Curt's paperwork is in. He's been in fits for the full trial period now. Which.... means a put-down."

Her eyes got even larger. Then anger weaseled its way back down her spine. "They wouldn't."

"That's where I come in. I might be able to help as an influencer."

"Why the hell didn't you before, then?" Her anger latched onto him like a teething pup. Both Thomas and Charles prickled at her tone. After his show of dominance, they'd be hypersensitive to rank. Ivan slipped them a stern look.



"William is stronger at that than me," he told Lianne, hoping it didn't sound like defeat. "I thought the doctors would be able to get him out of wherever Will left him. But what with the miscarriages... he must not have been the priority I intended."

"Not a priority?" Lianne practically burned. "Oh, do I want a word or two with them." She stepped toward him, her skirts brushing back over the tops of his socks. Her scent fell on him like a wave finally crashing home to shore. It washed a fraction of the weight from his shoulders; just a soul who cared whether his pup lived or died—how could someone else's anger be so comforting?

"Listen here, Beta," she said, threading the words through her teeth. "You get him and you come home. Both of you aren't back for dinner and I'm hunting you down with that Fur Splitter, you hear? William be damned."

"Threatening the wolf in charge of your protection, Miss..." Ivan brought her wrist to his nose and took in that scent deep enough to coat his insides. Charles and his theories could go to hell for all he cared. "Not the best strategy."

"Bring him back and we won't put it to the test." She pulled her hand away to brush her braids over her shoulder. "Out you go, then. Bring him home."

"Stay safe," he said, looking at all three of them.

"I said out." Lianne's socked foot kicked him in the ankle and she herded him to the door. The two looming wolves followed close behind her. "You keep them informed on your progress with your, your wolf-mind thing, eh?"

Ivan didn't make any promises, jostling the rusty hinges open. Before he shifted, he looked back. Lianne had her arms crossed, presiding over the weeds outside the kitchen with an anxious look coated in fury. Ivan smiled at the stubborn set of her jaw. "Scram, wolf!"

"Miss, that is my Beta you are referring to," Thomas said, looming directly behind her, with a tone of offended loyalties.

Ivan let himself laugh a little before turning away, shifting, and bounding over the decaying grounds of his ancestors to cross the river again on all fours.





Shifting felt like a clean, strong wind pushing through one's body, like standing on a cliff before the sea. When Ivan shifted in the Pack Office reception, he felt more like a strand of forgotten laundry that flapped and twisted in the razor currents of a storm. If he'd been tired before his conversation with Charles, he was exhausted now.

The receptionist stood with a scrape from her chair, wringing her hands and hiding a blush with a brush of her hair to her chin. Whether the heightened colour was due to his nudity or from remembering their last encounter the night Tatiana lost her pup, Ivan didn't really care. She was human and worked their offices as a favour to a potential mate.

She fumbled behind her to a shelf stacked with shifters and tossed a pair to him.

He pulled the trousers on and brushed all his hair up into a tuft with a strap of leather from the shifter's pocket. "I'm going to the infirmary," he told her. "Not to be disturbed. Let the Alpha know I am here." Mind linking Alpha without an emergency would break protocol. "And send a meal to me, please."

"Beta, wait!" The receptionist rummaged in the drawer beneath her desk. Ivan assumed it was paperwork left for him so he skirted passed her and pressed the elevator's down-button.

"Beta, please." She clopped over on little heels that peaked in a bright purple out from her fashionably ankle-cut skirt. "A breakfast for you." She handed him two little sandwiches wrapped in pink napkins and an apple.

Ivan looked up to her face, taking in her bright lipstick and cream-coated skin. Perfumes were against the uniform policy for Pack work, but a distinctly fake-floral smell bruised the air around her. Under all that, he read real concern. "But it's yours," Ivan told her, surprised to be caught off guard. The doors binged open behind him with the tenor of a spoon on crystal.



The woman chewed on the edge of her lipsticked lip. "Take it, Beta, I'll get something with the secretaries when the cafe's open."

Ivan hesitantly took the two sandwiches.

"Besides," she reached out a hand to stop the elevator door from closing behind him. "It'll... probably be a long day for you."

Ivan cringed but entered the elevator. "That bad?"

She cringed right back at him, watching the doors shut with a little wave of pink-talon nails. "Sorry, Beta."

"Damn," Ivan said to himself, and the doors closed.





The pack building had as many floors downwards as it did upwards. Above ground, they maintained the more palatable side of pack politics with immaculate care. The guest suites, the public affairs office, the press rooms, the kitchen were kept as precise and polished as the late king's watch in case some human needed shuttling through pack affairs. The less savoury rooms were buried below—their prisons, training centers, barracks, and infirmaries. And those floors were in desperate need of remodeling.

Ivan's doors chimed and released him on level -6, where they kept the feral cages. They had tall ceilings to accommodate wolves, but they were riddled with pipes, slow-turning fans and exposed lights. Still, it somehow looked nicer than the other side of the river. The lighting was even, the empty beds were starched and sharply tucked behind clean glass and the floors, albeit of cold, dark concrete, were smooth and polished, glossy like a beetle's back.





Only sections A and B were active, so the halls were sparsely populated. Wolves that did see him straightened their white coat collars and bared their throats, only to whisper like school children after he'd passed. You'd think he'd been gone years.

By the time he found Curt—Hall 5, room 13—he'd finished both the receptionist's sandwiches and the apple, eating straight through the core. And he did feel better, less tired.

He stopped at the room's wide, grey-tinted window. The light was on and the boy lay in the centre of a room on a bed with wheels. He was naked and still on top of the sheets, but his eyes were open. Sedated. Behind him, tucked like a demon in the corner, was the feral cage. They hadn't even bothered to clean the blood and scratches out yet.

A wolf came into the room from the secondary door to the right of the cage, clipboard in hand. She was petite with thick glasses—a runt. She saw Ivan through the glass and startled, the papers on her clipboard shuffling with the movement. She recovered with a grimace, tucked the clipboard under her elbow to open the door for him. "Beta." She greeted him with neck bared to a pounding pulse, timidly ducking her head as soon as the formality was accomplished. Ivan approached Curt's table.

He didn't touch the boy, watching him breathe for a moment. The pale chest under the hospital light stretched and contracted weakly and slowly, undergird with a faint wheeze. It was like watching porcelain crack.

Ivan crossed one arm over his chest and pressed the other in a loose fist over his lips. His eyes caught on the runt trying to tuck into the shadows between the shelves. "Name?" he asked.

She jumped, flipping through the thin yellow pages of her clipboard. "Uh, Curt, sir. Scout assigned to—"

"He's mine. I know him." Ivan's voice was short. "I meant your name."

"Oh. Um. Terese, sir- Beta, sir."

Ivan nodded, his eyes going back over Curt. Scratches were over his arms and his neck and face—probably self-imposed. He'd opened up the rings of cuts and scrapes that Lianne had so painstakingly bandaged. At the least the infirmary had had to sense to clean up the infections that bred there.



"Tell me, Terese, how long have you been a pack doctor?"

"Oh, um. About seven months, sir."

Ivan tapped a knuckle over his mouth. "And how many pack doctors do we have, total?"

"In office? Um. Well, eight. Another ten some in the wood."

"Has there been a crisis I am not aware of?"

Curt blinked, twice. A twitch in the eye. Probably for hearing Ivan's voice.

"I don't follow you, sir. Beta." She scratched through the pages again, her hands shaking. "I mean. Three more miscarriages. Some of them got ugly. And Celeste might lose the twins."

Hell. Ivan closed his eyes. The twins.

When he opened his eyes again, Curt was still staring at the ceiling light, his look empty. Ivan tuned into his heartbeat, just to hear it no matter how soft. If he was too late, Lianne would kill him. Thomas would be crushed.

There was a shudder of anger that coursed through him like a twist in a system of gears. "Curt is a scout breed." Ivan put a hand on the bed, "Terese. Do you know anything about scout breeds."

She shook her head, her red-dyed hair brushing her shoulders.

"Scouts have heightened senses." Ivan leaned over and gently in Curt's face. It would probably smell of more of apple than of himself but any stimulation at this point was a good thing. "Best way to keep them with reality is to keep their senses tied to our world."

He breathed again and Curt blinked. Sedated out of his mind, but a tear still leaked out the kid's eye. Ivan's heart clenched. "The worst thing in the world for him is a containment room."

"He would have hurt himself, sir," she said, timid as a mouse.

"Maybe. But if he was that far gone, you'd be better off sticking a fighter in with him. Or, better even—had it been an option—the pup's mother. Scent and memory are connected. You have to remind them who they are."

Terese sniffled, her hands shaking, but she nodded and pulled a pen from her white coat to scribble a note or two.

"You're only, what a year and seven months in your education then?"

She nodded, looking up to him with watery eyes. She had a hook in her nose and she pushed up the glasses to rest on its bump.

"I don't expect you to know this about each breed and their care. But I do expect it of your superior. I need a name."

"Doctor Richard. He's, he's been busy with the—"

"Yes. Pregnancies. And the twins do take precedent. They wouldn't have thought William's influence crushed him so deep." Hell, Ivan wouldn't have thought it himself. He brushed the tear off Curt's cheek. "Sedating wasn't a good idea either. Takes a lot for a scout. How much did you give him?"

She cringed. "The, the sedative didn't work that well. I had to put in a bit of wolfsbane to keep him still. He, he was feral. Rabid even."

Ivan's face showed nothing, but she still ducked her head and sniffed.

"Terese." Ivan waited until she looked at him. He let himself show his fatigue. "I don't blame you. But I need you to hold it together for me here. We all make mistakes as we learn. You won't do it again, I'm sure."

She shook her head.

"Good. I'll have a book sent about these things. Read it and make sure this isn't repeated."

She nodded enthusiastically and pushed her glasses back up.

"Good." Ivan leaned over Curt's body, a hand under to the pup's neck to lift him an inch closer. "Curt." He let some of his authority show again. It was draining as hell. "Curt. Listen here. I'm taking you to the other side, you hear?"



He just hoped all the foreign smells would pull the scout out of himself, not push him deeper in.

"I don't know what Will put in your head, pup. But I'm here now. So don't let me down."

Curt didn't respond.

"Get him in a pair of shifters and pack me a first aid kit for him. I'll be back in a quarter-hour."

"Where are you going, Beta?"

But Ivan was already out the door and it closed behind him before he could give an answer.





He didn't make it that far. The infirmary's elevator lobby was packed with a swarm of wolves waiting for him. Reporters, hunters, diplomats, ordinary pack members.

"Beta!" One woman in black cotton shifters said, raising her hand to catch his eye. But her voice turned the heads of everyone.

"Beta!"

"You're home, Beta."

"Beta Ivan, where have you—"

"Over here, Beta!"

Ivan resisted the urge to rub the bridge of his nose at the desperate looks in their eyes. 'Kate, Theo, report to me. Infirmary Level -6.'

'Kate, Theo, report to me. Infirmary Level -6.' "One at a time please," Ivan said softly, his hands resting on his hips.

"Where have you been Beta?" asked a reporter. Her human assistant snapped a picture—the white light bouncing off the corridor of pipes and polished concrete behind him.

"Pack business has me on the other side of the river."

"I heard you took leave," a young wolf-solider said from the back, there was a bruise of hurt in his tone.

"The situation has changed," Ivan said steadily as the assistant took another photo. He blinked at the flash and locked eyes with the young soldier. "What do you need, pup?"

"Oh, uh," he flushed at being addressed. "My sister, Beta. She's thinking about joining the human army. But she shouldn't, what with the breeding potential."

"Speaking of breeding, my son's been pushed further down the list!" An elderly male wolf with a barrel-build retaliated, shooting the soldier-pup an impatient look. "He's nearly thirty-two, Beta! A peg hasn't been chosen for a mate in—"

"Beta—Alpha has told the queen we will up our yearly quota of pelts. How does he suggest we do such a thing?"

"Who the hell's going to ask about our slut of a Luna?"

A growl tore from Ivan's throat, so fiercely even his posture changed. His legs bent, his shoulders hunched, his claws extended.

With a few yelps, the crowd stumbled back a step.

Ivan straightened slowly, his chest still rumbling a low, threatening sound. One by one, his black wolf claws receded. The flash of a camera popped again.

Ivan snarled and the wolf reporter lowered her assistant's camera. She was with Beltan's Teeth —the city's Pack news. Hell.

Beltan's Teeth "I won't ask who said that," Ivan spoke to the general direction of the dissenter. Perhaps it was the blood he'd spilt for his title earlier that morning, but there was a hard-pressed power to his voice that fell on his Pack with the weight of stone. "But I will not tolerate such a question leaving this hall."

The door to the stairs swung open, hitting the wall with a bang that had every wolf wincing.

Kate strode in, dressed in a smart black frock with a clean-cut blue waistcoat. Behind her came Theodore, the third and final Gamma of White Pine, the tight curls on his head silvered with age and his square-like peg build encased in thick, tan tweed.

"Beta," Kate said, as cold and prim as if the crowd were merely part of the decor. They parted for her and she swept her skirts aside to kneel at his feet, bearing her throat. Theo followed suit.

The wolves in the room looked to their gammas, then to Ivan and collectively shrunk back like scolded children. They'd broken protocol by addressing him first. Worse still, not one had bared their throat upon his entry.

One by one, the wolves knelt, eyes low and throats stretched to the side. Ivan let them stay there.

"If that question was yours," Ivan crossed his arms over his chest. Under the tiredness that dogged him, an itch of anger wriggled under his skin. How long had he been gone? "You may now speak—respectfully—without consequence."

A wolf—not quite old enough to be elected a pack elder, but close, slowly stood. His grey hair was pulled into a ponytail that brushed his back as he stretched his throat bare a second time. "A human is claiming a night with her, Beta. And he has an.... under-thing with her scent on it as proof."

Smart human. Foolish Tatiana.

"And you let your Luna's name be mired like that?" Ivan coldly asked.

He nodded to his gammas and they stood, moving to flank their Beta. Theo glowered at the crowd with the affront of age, Kate with her unflinching indifference.

"It had her scent, Beta," the wolf insisted.

"Regardless of whether it did or not—she is your Luna. We stand by our own."

"Not if she won't stand by our Alpha." The wolf bared his teeth, white and sharp against his copper skin.

Ivan let the bite in his tone stand. "That is for Alpha to decide, not you. Calling Luna by anything but her rightful title is siding with that human against the very Alpha you want to protect."

The wolf's snarl deepened but he bared his throat.

Ivan bared his own teeth in response. "I understand your concern. And while rank does not demand silence when we are wrong—it still deserves respect; public slander is a voice against the Pack. Arrange a private audience with a Gamma to voice your concerns. We take them seriously when brought through the appropriate channels."

The wolf finally swallowed his snarl and looked to the ground. "Yes, Beta."

Ivan let his exhaustion press his shoulders down a notch. "The Pack is in a state of grief. Once again we are losing our young. Whatever you believe about Luna, it is best to remember she too suffers with each loss."

No one met his eyes, but the room seemed to tilt away from him—children pouting in a corner.

"Stand," Ivan ordered.

His Pack obeyed—jaws locked and tasting unsaid words, feet shuffling with that wolfish restlessness.

Ivan sighed. "We all have a responsibility to the Pack." He did sound tired now. "We watch out for each other. Wolf to wolf; strength to strength. We guard our brethren's honour like it's our own. We don't push to get ahead too soon. We continue to live for the better of our kin and our city. And above all..." Ivan surprised himself by adding a line to his normal spiel. Even Theodore glanced his way. "Above all, keep hate out." Ivan's shoulders slipped further. "It kills a pack faster than any other curse I know."

The weight of his weariness tilted the room back towards him.

In a trickle, quiet murmurs of, "Yes, Beta. Yes, Beta," filled the lobby.

Ivan let his arms fall from his chest and tried to soften his posture with a roll of his neck. He thought to say something to soothe the scald of scolding, but that ripple of anger still irritated under his skin. "Theodore will take your complaints now. Situations that require my attention will have it by the end of this week. But... distract me on this assignment and the Pack pays." He meant it to sound like a statement, but it came out tight-laced like a threat. "Kate, with me."

The crowd parted for him and with the final pop of a camera flash at his back, Ivan shoved open the door to the stairs.

______________

______________ This one felt more clumsy to me, but I liked the end.

This one felt more clumsy to me, but I liked the end. Sorry about last week folks, hope this was long enough to satisfy what I missed!

Sorry about last week folks, hope this was long enough to satisfy what I missed! Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3



Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3

Next Update; Next Wednesday

Next Update; Next Wednesday





33. Honey and Threads


Kate climbed the stairs behind him; she followed exactly two steps back, as per protocol. No one but her bothered to keep distance rules. "I apologise for the commotion, Beta," she said, a pinch in the corner of her voice. "Had I known you were coming, I'd have arranged a team to field Pack concerns on your behalf."





"Is that a reprimand, Delta?" Ivan said with a curl in his lip, his tone bit by the tight wind of his shoulders. He regretted the words as soon as they were said.

Kate stopped, breaking the even beat of their feet on the marble stairs.

Ivan grabbed the cold metal rail to halt his ascent, leaning his weight on the banister. "I apologise. That was uncalled for."

Kate always took breaches of etiquette as personal slurs. She turned her head to the side, her short hair grazing the hard-set line of her jaw that she was trying to hide. Her long fingers ran over the watch in her waistcoat pocket in a soothing motion.

"Kate," Ivan said, running a hand over his face.

"It was not a reprimand, Beta." Her voice was tight; she generally kept her disapproval to herself. "I spoke carelessly. But it was out of relief. It is good to have you home."

Ivan felt something like grief or maybe homesickness bruise the centre of his chest. "I shouldn't have been short with you."

"No." Kate held his gaze and climbed a step, the black petticoats swaying around her polished boots as she recorrected the Delta-Beta distance. "So I will allow myself the smallest of reprimands in turn. Be patient with your Pack, Beta. If we are going to visit Celeste and the twins—I ask for..."

Ivan waited. "For...?"

"For comfort. The pack needs comfort." She released a breath through her teeth and pushed one side of her hair behind her ear—a habit she retained, but rarely practiced from childhood. "And I am not good at comfort."

Ivan felt the grief in his chest bloom into something like affection. " I feel comforted," he said wryly, the lines in his shoulders loosening.

I Her smooth-lidded eyes had a secret muscle she could tighten imperceptibly in their corners. "Yes. But you've always been comforted by reprimands."

"And that doesn't work on everyone else?" Ivan hid the upturned edges of his mouth by resuming their ascent. "You forget that you were once my senior, Kate. Those army years were better days, eh? Simpler."

Kate didn't respond, the clip of her heels was punctuated by the snap of her pocket watch.

Ivan let the playfulness in him slip away, but still managed to keep his tone gentle. "I will try to be comforting, then. I appreciate the reprimand, Delta." A moment of silence fell between them, pleasant and restorative, if still tired. "Anything to report?"

"Training has some descent in the ranks with Charles gone, but nothing I can't handle. Pack courts are running smoothly—two cases that require your review. The breeding office needs to schedule another hearing, but they are dragging their feet about it. As for the pregnancies...." Kate's watch clicked open. "We've lost three pups. Four mothers beside Celeste are in the wards; only one is in labour. She's older so we might lose her."

"Damn." Ivan's hold tightened on the railing as they turned up another flight. "And the twins?"

Twins were rare—this would be the second set born to White Pine since Ivan and William. The pregnancy was rarer still in that Celeste had already successfully born a pup some four years before-- the only child to survive the wave of miscarriages and stillborns that year. Mothers who carried full-term twice were a precious thing in White Pine.



"Celeste has been in labour nearly thirty-six hours now. Heartbeats are there, but struggling. And they haven't been able to keep much liquid in her.... There is no way to tell how it will go. While she is holding up better than expected, her mate... is struggling. He's a runner breed—anxious."

Ivan grit his teeth, pausing before the metal door with the number -4 and 'Infirmary Suites' engraved on a sign to the side. "And... Alpha?"

Kate held Ivan's eye for a moment before answering; her expression almost bored, but the weight of the silence an answer in and of itself. "The Pack has not seen in him days now. He's in his suite, but only sees wolves of rank."

Ivan dropped his voice. Kate would alert him to any eavesdroppers—she'd hear them before they could hear her. But all the same, the wound of Alpha's absence felt too raw to speak of in full-voice. "Is he receiving reports?"

Kate barely shook her head. "But he knows. About the pregnancies."

"He was the one to sign the papers on my scout."

"Yes," Kate cringed. "The putdown. I was sorry to hear about that."

Ivan's hand tightened on the doorknob. "There will be no putdown," he said through his teeth. Of all the things Alpha decided to sober up enough to take care of... Ivan bit the words from his tongue and swung open the thick metal door. "What room?" he asked as a gaggle of nurses down the hall turned, bearing their throats in a flurry of whispers.

"Suite 203," Kate answered, as refreshingly cold as ever.

This ward was better made than Infirmary on Level -6; the floors and walls were covered in small, white tiles that would be easy to clean. But they reflected the brights lights dangling from the ceilings like headlamps and camera flashes, adding a hue of urgency to the place.

Ivan nodded to the nurses as they passed.

"Good to have you, Beta."

"Means so much you've come, Beta."

"I knew you would, Beta."

Their words came coated in a sheen of tired tears; his presence a touch of that comfort Kate had wanted. But as their eyes followed him, he felt the tension wind back in his shoulders. The bruise of grief in his chest deepened, this time ringed in guilt and coloured in a light hue of indignation. He felt like a parent who'd come home to find no one had fed his children in days.

He busied himself with orders for Kate. "There is a doctor on shift by the name of Therese that needs a copy of Shifting Species and Their Treatment by Dillain Wayne."

Shifting Species and Their Treatment Kate's heels seemed to clip louder as they rounded the hall, as if reminding the Pack they were strictly on business. "Yes, Beta."

Hall 2 was blessedly empty, Ivan felt his shoulders relax a fraction. "And the prisons need attention," he said, pausing at a matte grey door with 203 painted in smart lettering. "They're getting too heavy-handed with the wolfsbane. Limit their supply and call for a shift change."

"Yes, Beta."

Ivan put his hand to the door of the sick room. He could almost feel it pulsing with the pain and frenzy of doctors and medicine and decisions too difficult to call.

"Anything else, Beta?" Kate clicked her watch open, then closed. She could probably hear everything going on inside, even through the reinforced door.

Ivan shook his head, watching the way her thumb ran over the grooves of the penny-sized watch, the familiarity of the movement as comforting to him as to her. "Thank you," was all he said, before rapping his knuckles on the door. "Beta here."





A pack doctor opened the room, staring at him with wide, grateful eyes. His presence often let higher-ups finally experience what they truly felt in a crisis; Ivan deflated the fear and guilt he sensed crouching over the wolf as he pushed his way into the apartment. "Celeste?"

"Alive," the doctor assured, stepping aside. "The twins..."

"Have you gone in for surgery yet?"

The doctor followed him into the living room and Kate decided to wait outside. The bedroom was closed off, but he heard a groan and smelled the sweat.

"No, Beta." The doctor wiped his hairy hands on a towel, staining it pink. "Three doctors are in there. That's the other here, sleeping. She was up with the two other cases." The elder woman he pointed to was sleeping sprawled on the couch, an arm over her eyes. "We're holding out as long as we can for the operation. The last several times we opened up a human mate—"

"Yes, yes, " Ivan remembered. "Get a human in here of her blood type for a transfusion, just in case. We can't risk her. She's already a mother of one."

"Done, sir. Her brother's inside."

Ivan nodded and slowly, cautiously entered the sickroom. It was dark, the black and blue sort of shadows that netted together the hovering doctors, human brother and wolf mate.

The mate spotted Ivan and shot up from his seat by Celeste's side. "You," he growled. Even the human stood to eye Ivan with anger brewed hot in fear and desperation.

Ivan tilted his head to the side—not a bearing of the throat, but respectful request to enter the sickroom. The wolf would have seen his mate cry and bleed more than any man should in the last thirty-six hours. He'd be on edge and looking for an outlet; Ivan would respect that.

The mate growled and fisted his hands, but allowed Ivan through with a jerk of his chin.

Ivan entered on careful feet, the gauzy blue shadows swallowing him whole. As two of the doctors left, the brother turned on a lamp in the corner, adding hues of slow-burning orange to the dark bruise of pain in the room.

"Nicholas," Ivan greeted the mate first, as per custom. Then his hand found the edge of the sickbed and his throat tightened. "Celeste." Her prone, swollen form was lost in the dips and valleys of the sheets. She was tired and sweating and her face had melted into that defeat that haunted a mother after hours and hours of fear. "Alpha?" she said, breathless and trying to lift herself to one elbow.

"No." Ivan's words tasted like a disappointment on his own lips. "It's Ivan." In pitiful compensation, he wrapped his influence around the room and tried to lance through its white-eyed panic.

Celeste collapsed back on the cushions. "Beta," she said, breathless but relieved. Her hand groped towards him on the sheets and tears trickled from her eyes.

Ivan took her palm in his, quickly wrapping the slick and cold fingers with both his dry, warm ones.

"I am so glad you've come," she said, her lips hardly moving with the words. The human brother had to lean close to hear, wrapping her other hand in his own. They came from a family this-side jewelers, but Celeste had been scouted as a potential mate and initiated into the Pack at the age of 16. She'd been with White Pine half her life--Ivan's presence soothed her more than the brother could ever understand.

"Will they be okay, Beta? The pups?" The slippery fingers tightened on Ivan's and he gently lowered himself to the mattress beside her.

Nicholas reached down to brush the tears from her cheeks, his own breath short with her pain.



Ivan gave her hand a squeeze. "Would you let me check on them?"

Her breath sputtered as she breathed in. She nodded, trying to adjust her position on the bed.

"Don't trouble yourself, now," Ivan soothed gently, untangling her fingers from his. With the lightest of touches, he set a palm on her large belly. Celeste sucked in a breath and turned her head into Nicholas' lingering hand.

Ivan focused on the pups, his influence slipping through the womb and to the little hearts buried inside. As if sensing his attention, the small beats seemed to flutter faster. Ivan's breath hitched and he felt a knot of tears rise in his throat. Live . He wanted to tell the little hearts, little hands, little feet. Live .

Live Live Had he been born with full influencer gifts, in moments like this he'd have some sort of vision; be taken to some dream landscape where he'd find those little pups and coax them to fight for life. Instead, he saw nothing. Just felt the little heartbeats like threads wrapped around his fingertips.

He imagined feeding his influence across those threads in thin, gold strands like honey. Rest easy, little ones. Rest easy and live.

Rest easy, little ones. Rest easy and live. Celeste's breathing eased, and her hand came to rest upon Ivan's. She seemed too tired to say anything, but her fingers twitched tighter around his.

Ivan's hand untangled from the two little heartbeats and the mother's grip. He gently ran a finger down Celeste's cheek. "They're hanging in there, Mother. You're doing well."

Her lip quivered and she turned to Nicholas for comfort.

Ivan stood from the bed. "I'll see the doctors now. They'll keep me abreast with your situation, Celeste. And I should be back within the week. Just in time for the pup's naming ceremony, eh? Mother, father, sister, twins."

A weak sob fell from Celeste and she turned back into Nicholas' hand. She knew as well as he did that the chances of both pups and their mother surviving the next few days were slim.

"We can do this, Celeste," Ivan tried to keep the waver of desperation from his voice. "You're strong. You're Pack. We'll make it through this."

She sniffled and nodded. Ivan turned to leave, but Celeste's voice reached for him again. "Beta..." She paused to breathe, her hand fisting in the sheets. "Pray for me? Please."

The words felt so out of place in a pack crisis that Ivan stiffened. "I- I will," Ivan said over his shoulder, with more surprise than conviction.

Celeste turned away from the door, exhausted and fearful once again. Another doctor bustled in with a tray laden with needles, syringes and scalpels.

Ivan's mouth pinched as the blades tinged copper in the lamplight. He left the room before they could set them down.

Nicholas dogged his steps. Ivan turned to find the wolf smouldering with that same protective anger he'd shown when Ivan first arrived. Some wolves only felt safe enough to get angry when around other wolves more powerful than themselves. "Not here," Ivan said. "Outside."

He nodded to each of the doctors and held the door for Nicholas as they left the suite. Kate straightened and bared her throat, her eyes lingering on Nicholas' tall, prowling frame. The wolf was seething, his shoulders tight, his hands balled into fists at his side.

Ivan let some of his sorrow slip through his calm, pressing it over the wolf as Lianne had done to him earlier that day with her anger on Curt's behalf. "Nicholas..." he said, allowing himself to look the wolf dead in the eye. He set a hand on the wolf's shoulder. "No family should go through this. Allow me to express my condolences on behalf of the Pack. And personally." Ivan felt the tears from earlier rise up in him and tear at the edges of his voice. "And I pray.... I pray neither the mother nor pups will come to harm. We will do everything in our power to see it so."



pray



Nicholas watched his Beta's face as if searching for something, some miracle, some hope. He must have found none, because, like a damn cracking, Nicolas crumbled under Ivan's hand. Anger fell away to fear and grief and confusion.

"There," Ivan said and drew the man close enough to smell the sour pinch of panic coming from him. Ivan put his head to Nick's, breathing for him in that pack-kin way. "There, now. You're doing well, brother. You'll make it through this."

Nicolas cried then. He was taller than Ivan by a few inches, but he hunched to put his head on Ivan's shoulder. "Oh, God. Oh, God. Celeste. The pups ."

pups Ivan reached up and gently stroked the man's hair. Nicolas had grabbed onto the calm Ivan's influence offered and was pulling it out of him like a child trying to find the end of a string. It made Ivan's insides feel scraped dry, but he let Nicolas take as much as he could.

After a moment, Nicolas stepped back, smearing his long fingers hands over his eyes and down his dark beard. "Thank you, Beta," he choked formally, wiping his nose on the neckline of his sweat-soaked shirt. "It means the world you've come. Celeste hasn't breathed that easy in hours."

Ivan gave the tall, all-angles wolf another squeeze on his arm; no words left, merely a dry, hollowed feeling. On the edges of his calm, an image seemed to linger like a threat. An image of Nicholas some years down the road, sitting in some pub somewhere without his mate, without his pups, as empty as Ivan felt. Empty and twisted over his drink in hate.

Hate.

How did it always come back to hate?

"I'll send a priest for your comfort," Ivan told him.

Nicolas looked nervous back to the door. "They keep asking about surgery, Beta. And I don't know what to say. I- I can't lose her or the pups."

Kate moved slow and silent, slipping a pressed handkerchief in the wolf's palm. Nicholas took it with a watery, grateful look.

Ivan weighed the odds of the operation. Damn. "Talk to the doctors. But I'd do it if there isn't a change in the next few hours. I don't know much, but I'd think they'd want her body strong enough to fight if something goes wrong."

Nicholas nodded, shoving Kate's kerchief in his pocket. He was working on stuffing all the pain back inside to return to his mate.

Ivan hesitated. "And wait for the priest, if you can. Pray with him while it goes down... as if you were praying against a curse."

Kate's brow rose and Nicholas' eyes burned angry again. "A curse, Beta?" he said. "Who would—?"

"No one, Nicolas." Ivan waved his hand, tried all over again. "Just to be safe."

Kate's jaw locked and she stepped closer to Nicholas just as a familiar scent drifted down the hallway. Alpha's scent, marinated in bourbon, impatience, and day-old sweat.

Ever the scout, Kate put a hand to Nicholas' wrist and leaned in so that it was her scent filling the wolf's nose. "We'll be praying with you," she said in her void way.

"Yes. Yes, well." Nicolas turned back to the door, but paused, then looked down the hall towards the scent Kate was trying to mask. "Is that...?" He looked to Ivan like an expectant child, then lowered his head as Kate's hand slipped from his arm. "Oh. Of course. For you. Of course."

Ivan felt a sadness in him somewhere but gave Nicolas a reassuring nod. He waited for the wolf to shut the door before stalking down the hallway.

Sensing the coast was clear, Alpha sauntered around the corner—a smile wider than the operation blades peeling back his lips. "Ivan!" He met them halfway down the hall and pulled his Beta into a brawler-sized hug. "About time you came home!" he said, in cheerful reprimand that seemed to reverberate through Ivan's emptiness in a feeling he dimly registered as anger.





______________________________________________





Sorry it's a day late! Literally didn't realise it was Wednesday till it was too late. Lol

Sorry it's a day late! Literally didn't realise it was Wednesday till it was too late. Lol Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3

Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3 Next Update, Next Wednesday.

Next Update, Next Wednesday. Dedicated to @hereitgoes for starting my story this last week! Though all of your comments were a delight and a half for me last week. I felt like Thomas would if someone told him he'll never have to sleep on a cat-infested, mould-ridden bed ever again. ;) Simply euphoric. ;)

Dedicated to @hereitgoes for starting my story this last week! Though all of your comments were a delight and a half for me last week. I felt like Thomas would if someone told him he'll never have to sleep on a cat-infested, mould-ridden bed ever again. ;) Simply euphoric. ;) Can't thank you enough for all your support.xx

Can't thank you enough for all your support.xx Also, can anyone think of a better title than Honey? I like Threads, but the honey isn't quite right.

Also, can anyone think of a better title than Honey? I like Threads, but the honey isn't quite right.





34. Gears and Buttons


Ivan waited for Alpha to release his embrace, then stepped back to bare his throat in formal greeting. Kate took to one knee.

Alpha's big hand good-naturally brushed Kate's shoulder. "By all means, Delta. No need for that. You've kept the Pack afloat the last few days."

Kate wasn't one for contact, but she didn't flinch at the touch. Or at the liquor stench that leadened the air around them.

Ivan pressed the scent to the roof of his mouth, a pinch in the back of his throat catching his attention—hiding under the bright gold of bourbon. It was a thorny, purple taste that snagged on the back of his tongue as he swallowed. Hell's breath. Wolfsbane.

Wolves burned alcohol within the hour, but when a drink was mixed with wolfsbane, it stuck better to their systems. Offered a longer respite. Hell.

With dread grinding into his very bones, Ivan remembered the prison reports. Under the inventory sheet, there had been a note about Alpha's visit to the prisons—according to Kate one of Alpha's few ventures from his top-floor suite. He'd not gone to check up on the prison wardens—he'd gone for the wolfsbane.

The weight of realisation must have shown in his face because Alpha stepped back and crossed his arms, hiding whatever he felt under a that wide, cutting grin. "Now, Ivan. What the hell took you so long out there? You know how I get when you leave."

Ivan felt all the rusted gears of his temper turn beneath his skin. So the wolfsbane was his fault. "I am here for Curt, Alpha. And will be returning to my side within the hour."

" Your side?" Alpha rocked back on his heels—towering in that brawler way.

Your "Excuse me. I meant their side." Ivan bared his throat to Alpha to cover the stiffness in his voice. "The other side—however you see it."

"You mean her side," Alpha said, rocking forwards now on his toes to give Ivan a suggestive smile. The edges of his grin tapered past his canines in a light bite.

her "I don't know what you're talking about," Ivan said deadly.

"Kate does, eh, Delta? How pretty's the woman he's with?"

Kate's head tilted gracefully to the side. A nurse was eavesdropping from the elevator lobby at the end of the hall; the delta's soft scout voice slipped too low for nosey ears. "My assessment will not be sound, Alpha. Last I saw her, she was fighting hysteria and sitting in the blood of a dead friend. Very few women are pretty when they cry."

That flattened Alpha's smile a fraction. "Ah. Yes. Any news on that?"

"William will come shortly," Ivan said. "He doesn't let his prey wait long."

"You sure it's William, then?"

Ivan felt the locked gears of his temper tighten further. "Kate, you're dismissed."

Kate kept her head low and bobbed a curtsey.

"See to it our audience is taken care of." His voice was cool.

Kate stretched her throat to the side and obeyed—her boots clicking soft and in tempo with the watch in her pocket.

With his Delta herding the nurse to the stairs, Ivan let himself breathe. It was subtle, but somehow the wolfsbane was all he could smell. "If you remember all those years ago, Alpha, I was the only one who could track his scent. Of course, I am sure it's him."

"And are you sure the woman's his prey?" Alpha kept a hard eye on Ivan—hard like it used to be. Before the drink and Tatiana watered that look down.



For some reason, it made Ivan more angry still. "Of course I am sure. He visits her room at night—once a month. He has actual demons plaguing her steps."

Alpha raised his hands. "Just saying, Ive. Seeing you again wouldn't pleasant for him either--if it is him to begin with. You might become the prey."

Ivan felt his temper grind in him like the slow crack of a spine. "You here to see Celeste and the twins, then?" he asked, unable to keep the question behind his teeth. Though his tone was neutral, the pettiness reminisced the complaints that had waited for him in the elevator lobby.

Alpha's eyes narrowed. "Not if you just did," he answered tightly.

"It might save the pups," Ivan pressed.

Alpha held Ivan's look, big arms flexing over his chest. "Nothing can save those pups." His voice was strong but low—all brightness from the bourbon lost.

They stood there a minute, Alpha rolling his neck until it cracked. Ivan felt sick with anger, but it wasn't towards Alpha anymore. Like a kid left to their tantrum, he was faced with nothing but Nicholas' tears on his shoulder, Celeste's sweat on his palms and a chill in his chest that remembered the slush of the night he found Lianne fifteen years ago.

He bared his throat, holding the gesture a few seconds longer than necessary to apologise. "What can I do for you, Alpha?"

Alpha extended his arm towards the elevator, silent and stiff now, keeping whatever he thought about Ivan's show of temper buttoned carefully under his high-collared, sweat-stained shirt. Ivan followed Alpha the appropriate step behind and they waited for the elevator in silence.

Once the doors closed behind them, Alpha and Beta stood side by side, watching the red-armed arrow above the door creep up one floor, then another.

"Whatever the hell it is—just say it," Alpha said, his voice churning and dangerous. "I can't have my best wolf go rogue on me in a time like this."

Ivan felt each muscle in his arms tense, locked like he was expecting a hit. "I am hardly going rogue," he growled, remembering the feral shade to is brother's eye those fifteen years ago. "Cruel of you to say it."

"For the love of—! I am not talking about William!" Alpha's big, meaty shoulders tensed and his arms flew out. "I'm no influencer, but I even can feel the anger coming from you."

"Then I apologise," Ivan said, coldly. "That should be my burden and mine alone."

The door binged open at Level -1 and a small human secretary stood there with small purple shoes and small startled eyes. She put a folder up to her mouth and curtsied twice in apology to the large wolves in the elevator--one shirtless and the other as large and heavy as elevator's iron doors. She let the door close without her.

"We need a private elevator," Ivan commented as they glided up another floor.

Alpha grunted. They reached their floor in silence—Alpha waiting for an explanation, Ivan finding no words he wanted to share. Before the doors could open, Alpha pressed his thick knuckle to the button that kept the doors closed and turned to look Ivan over. "Is it the girl? Of all my wolves, you're last I thought I'd lose to a mate."

"It's not about the girl." Ivan felt his lip curl. "Let's keep her out of it."

"Then what is it? The boy?"

"The boy? Yes, it's the boy. And the twins and the drinking and—" Ivan tamped his temper back down, running a hand through his hair. "The boy. You issued a putdown ? He's a scout. My scout. What happens to him should be my decision."

putdown My

"You're wound tighter than a spring as it is! I thought I was doing you a favour, sparing you the decision. His stalk is feral to begin with—you knew that when you took him on."

Ivan's fingers twitched, but he managed to keep every gear's edge beneath his skin. "The miscarriages have everyone on edge, Alpha. I apologise for any breach in etiquette"

"Etiquette!? Who bleeding cares about—" In his outrage, Alpha's finger had flown off the elevator's button. He was interrupted him by the door's cheery ding of arrival, the elevator sliding opened to a quiet reception room. A desk attendant in a smart bowtie blinked at them from his paperwork--Alpha and Beta yelling about etiquette in front of the Public Affairs Office. He seemed too stunned to move.

With a hearty curse, Alpha impatiently hit the close-door button again. Ivan watched the room disappear in the mirror behind the desk.

"And I suppose the miscarriages are my fault too," Alpha said, managing to keep his voice low.

"Of course not." Ivan pivoted to pace the elevator. With Alpha's mass taking up most the room, it only took a step and a half. He crossed the distance a second time. "It's just been years before a successful pregnancy. Years. The strangeness of it has me on a short fuse."

"Of course it's hard, but not strange," Alpha said. "Wolves don't conceive easily."

"No." Ivan opened and closed his fists reflexively. "We have enough conceptions. It's the full term and the birthing where we lose them. We lost a wolf to hemorrhaging last year. A wolf. To hemorrhaging."

"I know that!" Alpha bit the words through his teeth.

Ivan clicked his tongue and moved to hold the door's button in Alpha's stead. "It's just that nothing's been good for years. When you're here, you think nothing of it. You just keep your head down and survive another wave of hate and death and disappointment. But then... you leave and someone tells you that it doesn't have to be this way. That maybe we've got it wrong."

"Be what way?" Alpha's lip curled and he turned to pace the small space too; wolves didn't do well confined too long. "Listen to yourself, Ivan!"

"I am listening! For perhaps the first damn time in years." Ivan felt his control slipping through his fingers. He grit his teeth to keep William's name locked in his throat. "It's been a while since I've been out of the Pack is all. And I come back and it's... it's choking. Lianne, she..."

"So it is about the girl!" Alpha snarled.

Ivan pressed the elevator button down so hard its glass covering cracked. He stretched his tense shoulders, releasing the pressure with a thin breath. "Alpha..." he chewed his words until they lost the scald of anger.

"Just be honest with me, Ivan," Alpha said frustration bordering on distain. "We don't have time for your formal, by-the-rules game."

"All I was going to say was that she took off the boy's traps and she was so angry about it.... I thought to myself, we might have this the wrong way around."

"Your scout's traps? Well, no wonder the poor beast turned feral."

"No. That night was the first time I saw a settled wolf in that pup. Somewhere. But all we've been feeding him these last few years is fear and hate and—" Ivan felt the glass of the button crack further. "Hell. You hold the button."

With put-upon sigh, Alpha brushed Ivan away for his turn at the doors. "Let me get this straight then. You are angry with me because some woman took off a pup's traps and it helped him."

Ivan tossed Alpha an irritated look over his shoulder "No, I am saying I am tired of things being the way we are. And it is eating at me more than usual because for the first time I am thinking things might be better if they were different."



"How so?" Alpha demanded.

"I don't know," Ivan felt his words deflate between them as he leaned against the far elevator wall. "I don't know. She was just so angry when she saw the traps. And she was angry when she heard about the putdown. She, who has every reason to be angry at us for a thousand other reasons, as angry with us for that."

Alpha let his head fall against the elevator wall. "How does that make any of this better?"

Ivan dropped a shoulder in a shrug. "It was the sort of anger that believes things should be better. An anger from... hope, I guess."

"Hope?" Alpha echoed emptily.

The words sound more foolish on Alpha's lips than his own. "Damn, Alpha, I don't know."

"Hope." Alpha's slouch deepened, his too-broad shoulders stooping under a too-great weight in the Pack's too-small elevator.

Ivan shook his head at the sight. "Hope." He breathed in, tasting the weight of bourbon and the slippery grip of sickroom and the clingy heat of Nicholas' tears. "What even is that anymore?"

Beneath their feet a pup was sedated next to a cage smeared with his blood, a mother sweat, a father cried and two little pups with thread-thin heartbeats struggled to survive. And it felt like they'd been stuck in this metal box with their sick dying floors below for years now—generations, maybe.

"Tat's going to live with her sister," Alpha's voice was as wooden and empty as a coffin.

Ivan straightened. "Her sister? She's far outside Beltan."

"All the better in Tat's eye." Alpha's lip curled. "Says she can't take it anymore—beast's mate and whatnot. Leaves next week."

"Hell, Alpha. I'm sorry."

The brawler tugged at his collar. The topmost button tore from the fabric and clattered to the elevator floor.

"When will you tell the pack?" Ivan asked.

They both watched the ivory button roll in circles, trailed by a loose thread like a comet lost on red-veined marble.

Alpha leaned his head back on the cold metal wall. "God, I need another drink."

Ivan mirrored his pose and they stood in the quiet elevator a moment.

Their Luna was leaving them. Their Alpha on drink and wolfsbane. The Pack felt restless and neglected and hurt. And their Beta... their Beta was tired. So tired.

"Why we here?" Ivan asked, with the fragile tone of someone who'd had all their words dragged out of him.

"There is a royal representative I'd like you to speak with." Alpha's tone was still dead and dry—craving that drink he'd left in his tower.

Ivan couldn't hide his cringe.

"Cutting River is edging us out!" Alpha insisted, straightening with renewed indignance. "And you're the best with the royals—all talk and smiles and—"

"Alpha, I am due back the other side."

"I know, I know. But think of it this way, Ivan. You tell the royals about the rogue and ask for Cutting River's wolves to leave the city while we investigate. Their pack leaves—William leaves. And if it's him—your woman is safe. If it's not, we've bought enough time to hunt the beast down and let you come back and repair our relations with the royals. By the time Cutting River's back—the title is no longer in question. See? Win all around."

Ivan sighed, nudging the still ivory button with his bare toe. "Make it an order and you know I'll do it. But, Alpha. I am tired. I don't have it in me to play the royal games. Curt needs to get home and William is prowling as we speak. Personally, Alpha, I ask you to give this off to Kate, or Theodore. Or have them go with you—take a shower, get on a suit—"

"Theo's not high rank enough and the queen doesn't like Kate." Alpha lifted his finger from the elevator button and the doors opened at long last with a rather relieved ding.

The desk attendant politely rose as if it were his first time seeing them. He unhooked a hanging military uniform from the coatrack to his left. "The private changing room is this way, Beta," he said. "And Lady Carmichael is waiting for you in the Tulip Room."

Tulips and ladies and suits. Ivan gave the Alpha one last, desperate look.

Alpha gently pushed him from the elevator. "Consider it an order, Beta."

Ivan took the uniform and turned back before the elevator doors closed. He knelt, hand wrapping around the gold filigree on the uniform's shoulders as he bared his throat to his Alpha. It was more for himself—a reminder and an oath to serve the pack at all costs—but Alpha took a step back at the sight. He clicked the closed-door button and crossed his arms, looking away from Ivan as the elevator swallowed him whole once more.

______________________________________

Me, to friend: Just don't let me forget that it's Wednesday.

Friend: I won't.

Me: No, I have to post. I don't know why I am losing track of days, but I really can't forget this time.

Friend: Don't worry, don't worry. We'll be fine

Me, to friend: Just don't let me forget that it's Wednesday.

Friend: I won't.

Me: No, I have to post. I don't know why I am losing track of days, but I really can't forget this time.

Friend: Don't worry, don't worry. We'll be fine





Later that night in bed. My contacts are out, my face is washed, my teeth brushed.

Friend: *gasps*

Me (startled--keep in mind it's late at night): What?

Friend, sheepish: It's Wednesday.

Me: And?

Friend: Your story.

Me: ...... crap.



Later that night in bed. My contacts are out, my face is washed, my teeth brushed.

Friend: *gasps*

Me (startled--keep in mind it's late at night): What?

Friend, sheepish: It's Wednesday.

Me: And?

Friend: Your story.

Me: ...... crap.





So it's out this morning! Hope this is early enough to appease for its tardy entrance.

So it's out this morning! Hope this is early enough to appease for its tardy entrance. Comment and Vote if you liked it.

Comment and Vote if you liked it. Next Update; Next Wednesday. Unless I fall asleep.

Next Update; Next Wednesday. Unless I fall asleep.





35. Velvet and Teeth


The meeting with Lady Carmichael went as Ivan had expected—easy, straightforward, practical. For all their smiles and fashion, the queen's representatives were immaculately efficient when it came to politics. He made various promises on the Pack's behalf and disclosed some vaguely gory details about Betsy's death, and the royal house agreed to have Cutting River leave for the country palace the next morning—at least until Beltan's streets were safe again.

Ivan scribbled a written report, left it with the desk attendant and didn't speak to another soul as he collected Curt and left. The anger in him was gone, but exhaustion had closed in like a tunnel without an end.

To avoid a pack chauffeur, he hailed his own cab, carrying Curt's limp body to his chest like a child. While the pup looked conspicuous with his eyes open to nothing and his poorly tied shifters—Ivan remained in his pack uniform. The elaborate cuffs on his shoulders and shined gold buckles on his boots caught a cabbie's eye in no time.

"Good evening, sir," the driver clipped, holding open the door for him. "Name's Jonah, sir. Where can I take you, sir?"

Ivan lowered Curt to the seats inside. It was a nice cab—spacious, with wine-red carpets and recently-shined leather seats lining both sides. "Thorn's Noose, other side, near the Old Altar."

Ivan climbed in next to Curt, resting the boy's head on his lap.

The cabbie hesitated in shutting the door, leaning down take Ivan back in with wide, scandalised eyes. "Thorn's Noose, sir? Aren't you the- the Beta, sir? Not too savoury a place, sir."

Damn those newspapers and their pictures that killed all hope of anonymity. Ivan looked up, unafraid to bear a little of his teeth. "This is Pack business. Don't ask questions and get me there."

"Y-yes, sir." The cabbie eyed Curt one last time—who lay open-eyed and clammy-grey like a corpse. Then he shrugged, shut the door and clambered around to the driver's seat. Apparently an hour's worth of driving made money well worth his silence.

There were curtains above the seats opposite; Ivan drew them closed to keep the cabbie's eyes from lingering in the mirror. For good measure, he drew the dark velvet over the passenger windows too. It hemmed the cab in darkness like a soft-lined coffin.

Ivan stroked Curt's damp hair from his brow. Sweat was good for the pup—squeeze all that bane from his system. He leaned his head against the leather seats, allowing himself a heavy sigh in the curtained privacy. How many days had it been since he'd slept? He stroked Curt's hair again. "Hold out for me, eh, pup?" He barely had any voice left, "Almost home. We're almost home."

Ivan finally let himself close his eyes, the burn behind his lids searing him towards sleep.





He'd barely dozed when the car came to a stop. He awoke with a sudden surge of adrenaline in his blood he couldn't place—his hand protectively over Curt's chest. It took him a moment to register that, while they had crossed the river, it was too soon to be Thorn's Noose. Ivan tugged open the curtain to the front and knocked impatiently on the finger-smudged glass.

The driver's head turned slowly and his wide eyes, so wide the whites looked yellow on his dark skin, looked to Ivan with a peeled-back terror that sent Ivan's stomach to his feet.

He tensed only just in time. The passenger door on his right opened and a figure slipped in, his scent filling up the car like a cologne that sat on the tongue with the weight of metal. Curt whimpered and flinched. Ivan's hand tightened over the pup's chest and the boy stilled—out of comfort or terror, Ivan couldn't tell.

William sat himself down just opposite Ivan—their knees touching—and took off a top hat with a shake of chin-length black hair. He pulled the curtain to the front fully open and smiled at the driver. "To wherever you're going, then round the block a ways, if you know what I mean, good chap!"



The cabbie's eyes met Ivan's in the mirror but his hand was fumbling for his keys to start the car again. The smell of his piss filled the cab—the crush of William's dominance in the car too much for the human to handle. Even Ivan felt it like a weight on his chest.

William's lip curled slightly at the stench. But he turned to Ivan with a pleasantly sly smile. "Brother," he said, his voice slippery like oil.

"You stopped being my brother the moment you left the pack," Ivan replied, his own lips curling at the edge of his voice.

Damn, but they did look alike. The same carefully cut eyes with a prominent lower lid, the full upper lip to compliment the strong bones in their cheeks, the pointed jaw that squared out before it reached their ears. Hell, even their ears were the same, with a slight indent along its topmost curve.

How the newspapers hadn't noticed the parallels was beyond him. He supposed William was a few inches shorter, with broader shoulders and Ivan's jaw had a different slant towards the chin. And Will's fashion—today, a twilight blue coat with a carefully crafted salmon cravat—was beyond Ivan's imagination. But the resemblance felt to Ivan as close as that demon he'd met who'd peeled back his reflection before his very eyes.

With a grit in his teeth he refused to show, Ivan called on his own influence to shove William's dominance off his side of the cab. It barely gave him breathing room—a tent erected in a sandstorm—but it would hold.

William smirked.

Ivan raised a brow. "How many tries did it take you to reach the cabbie?" he asked, mirroring William's pose and stretching his arm over the back of the seat in a portrait of listless ease. Force had been William's strong point, never precision. "Either way..." Ivan wrinkled his nose at the sour smell yellowing the air of the cab. "Overdid it a little, don't you think?"

Will's expression didn't change, but Ivan caught a small spark of annoyance in those dark eyes.

"Got the job done, didn't I?" William said, still measured and smiling.

"Hm." Ivan peeled a curtain back from the window; they were barely on the outskirts of Thorn's Noose. "Well, I don't fault you. In the words of our mother, I could read over people, you could write over people. It's a just pity your penmanship hasn't improved over the years."

William's smile deepened, showing the edges of his teeth that he'd horrifyingly filed to points. "Little pup Curt seemed to take to it just fine."

Ivan didn't react until William reached a long, manicured hand over to brush Curt's cheek. Ivan clutched the wolf's fingers so fast, even William raised his thin brows.

"Serrated teeth don't suit you, Will." Ivan let a predatory smile tighten his lips while he twisted Will's fingers around as far as they'd go.

Will slipped his hands away, ginning like he'd won. "So the feral's in you too, eh?"

Ivan let all his teeth show. "It's not about how much feral's in you, Will, it's about how much strength you have to fight it."

William laughed, his serrated teeth looking almost crocodile-esque. It had been a fashion among the power-crazy wolves some years back. Another reason the newspapers had yet to connect their neatly starched Beta with this loose-haired, pointed-grin wolf before him. Will probably regretted the operation now.

The wolf ran his tongue over the points of his teeth and Ivan raised a brow. Or maybe he didn't regret it.

William leaned back all comfy in his chair and looked Ivan up and down. "You know, I honest to goodness forgot about you," he told him, matter-of-fact.



"Wish I could say the same."

"And then I remembered, all those hours practicing, the laughs, the brawls. We were good together, you know?"

Ivan shook his head.

"And then you left one day for an excursion with Mummy and I got a little crazy and next thing I knew I was out on the streets. Scared, alone, hungry."

"You took a little girl," Ivan said. His muscles were steeling over now. "Raped her with your psuedo-pack of friends, left a sloppy mark on her shoulder and killed—murdered—all the wolves you'd brought with you." Ivan made sure to press his back against his seat, feigning calm all over again. "Kicking you out was the best thing my Pack has ever done. Should have killed you, really."

William pouted. "So violent."

"Runs in the family."

"Oh, hush, pup. Let your your big bad wolf of a brother finish his story." William opened the passenger curtain and smiled at a pedestrian. "Now, we were revisiting my troubled childhood. Ah, yes. Alone and hungry. I get back on my feet, after long years of sweat, blood, and tears." He gave Ivan a confidential look. "Long, long years, Ivy. And I come for my mate and find another wolf in her room! That would be bad enough—but he smells familiar, real, real familiar. I can't quite place it. Until, hey! I'm going back to my own business and remember—damn it all, Ivy, I've a brother! A real twin brother!"

Ivan's hand ran steady strokes in Curt's hair.

"At first, of course—keep driving, cabbie! Another block, if you will. At first, I was thrilled. Another me, out there! Wow. How could I have forgotten my very own second self?"

How, indeed.

"I mean, we shared the womb together. A mother, a mentor, a pack. And you were always so, so, so... supportive." He said the word with an indulgent look in his eye. "Just always had my back. My little shadow, following me where ever I went."

womb "Now I am the Beta of the Pack of the White Pined Woods." Ivan said, with no good reason.

"And I'm an Alpha of Cutting River." William laughed and slapped his thigh. "See, I knew we'd be good together. Always the beta to my alpha."

Ivan was beginning to feel sick.

"After the shock wore off, and then the grief over our long—far too long—estrangement, I was hit with a sharp pang of betrayal ." At the word, William's feral began to show. "I mean, I see a woman with real potential, I reach for her and get my hand slapped. I leave like a good boy, and a few years later they're letting my own little twin wiggle his way into her skirts. I mean, the injustice!"

betrayal Ivan gently ran a hand down Curt's arm and back up again, skimming light over the bandaged cuts. "Horrifying," he said, since William was waiting for an answer.

"Yes. I mean it's bad form on their part, but unforgivable on yours. I mean, really. Ivan. Holy, little Ivy. Slobbering all over his brother's mate. It's like adultery and incest all in one!"

"She's not yours," Ivan said, evenly.

"Covetousness," William went on, enumerating his fingers. "Lust, greed, self-importance."

"I said, she's not yours," Ivan snarled, more viscous now.

William looked up from his fingers and slowly stretched the fifth one out. "Anger," he said, importantly. "Or was that hate, I heard? Just then?"

Ivan felt his temper spread through him like a fever.

"See... that mark on her shoulder says, she's mine." His tongue darted through his sick teeth when he said it.



"It bleeds when she thinks of you."

"She misses me."

"Like all the other women you've killed miss you?"

William blinked. At first Ivan thought he was surprised Ivan had followed the blood trails he'd left over the years. But then Will's smile spread too smug. "I forgot that too." He leaned against plush seats and crossed his legs, his eyes traveling over Ivan with a thrill. "I forgot you can't see."

Hell. Ivan didn't have time for this.

"Luke tried to teach you, didn't he? That was his name, right. The influencer they paid to be our mentor? All metaphors and morals."

"You never came to the sessions."

"I went to a few. But—I remember now. I could see at six. See the pack terrain, the good wolves, the bad wolves. See our dead. But you'd still seen nothing when I left. Still haven't, apparently." He laughed with genuine amusement.

I "Pray, tell. How does the pack terrain justify the deaths of all those women. Of Betsy."

"Well, I will admit Betsy was a wee tad petty on my end. But the others...." He sobered, a hand to his chest. "Wow. This is actually rather disappointing. I found someone who might possibly understand and yet... he lacks what it takes to go where I go." Another confidential look. "Probably why I went off the deep end, eh? My one ally not powerful enough climb the cliff I fell from."

"I am sure there was more to it than that. All drive—no breaks. You were a disaster waiting to—"

Suddenly, influence, slimy and toxic but strong like grease-slicked steel, shot like a whip from across the car. A yelp of terror came from Curt and the scout's body reacted despite the drugs, turning into Ivan like a child to his mother.

Had the influence jabbed at Ivan, he might not have reacted in time. Defense training against influencers was years old now and never practiced. But without his assent, his influence slammed down around his body and the boy's like a dome of stone. Seamless and impenetrable.

Will's influence laced him with the scald of a viper's fangs. He'd forgotten this part--the way he felt the pain of an influence attack in his body, his mind, his heart all at once.

William laughed at whatever he saw in Ivan's expression. "Not bad, Ivy. Not bad. Let's try another shall we?" Like a slingshot, all William's dominance flung forward and slammed against Ivan's defences.

Instead of the bone-cracking pain Ivan braced himself for, he felt... nothing. Instead, the world seemed to flicker. He saw red. A red sky. Knifed in the distance with a jagged mountain line. He saw ice--frosted over a lake of crimson... red. Blood?

The world flickered again and he was back in the cab—the plush burgundy carpet, the shined leather seats and William's grin.

On sudden impulse, Ivan gathered up all he could of his influence and, with a snarl, launched it at William. His brother met it half way with a growl and they locked mental holds once again.

The world flickered a second time. Sky. Mountains. Ice over blood. That was blood. And under the latticed ice swam... Hell.

Ivan startled back, losing his grip on William. The world flipped like a switch back to the cab. But Ivan had no trouble remembering what he saw. The dead, empty face bouncing against the ice. Betsy. Lost eyes, sunken cheeks, lip still swollen and bleeding from the attack that killed her.

Ivan tried to steady his breathing, shoving his sweat-damp hair back and closing his eyes to the pallour of Betsy's face under the ice.

William laughed with childlike delight, clapping his hands like Ivan had preformed a trick. "Luke was right! You just have to be pushed too far."



Ivan wiped the sweat off his brow and recovered himself. He refused to show how jarred he was; he could think about it later.

"The curse of twins," William went on, readjusting his coat collar and settling back into his seat. "Uneven gifting; so unfortunate. Though you did get the short end of the stick. Why know people when you can own them, eh?"

"If you can't answer that question yourself there's no use in me telling you," Ivan answered, still unnerved. He was returning to himself and like an animal crawling home after a long fight, he felt like he might collapse.

He leaned forward and knocked on the glass to the front. The cabbie was shaking, sensing power pushing against power he couldn't understand in the back. "To the old pack house, please. A left at the altar, then a right at the next street. You'll see the insignia." He leaned back in his seat and ran a hand over Curt's hair again. The boy shook more than the cabbie. "As soon as you get me there, this wolf here will leave."

The driver looked to William, panic and piss still stinking up the car. William kept his grin pinned on Ivan, indulgent-like. So the cabbie turned on his blinker for a turn.

Ivan looked back over William, gratified to see a thin sheen of sweat at the top of his silk cravat. Best to keep him talking. Ivan couldn't handle another game of dominance; he hid the tremors in his fingers in Curt's hair. "Since we're revisiting your story here. Tell me, did you know what she was back then?"

William put his top hat in his lap and shrugged; as if they were two men swapping tales in a pub. "Nah. Too young. She was too young, I was too young. I just knew she smelled like a good idea and I wasn't stupid enough to let that go."

Best to keep him talking. Ivan couldn't handle another game of dominance; he hid the tremors in his fingers in Curt's hair. "How'd you figure it out then?" Ivan asked. "Not like you've been around."

"Took me less time than you'd think," William said, snapping open the curtain and rolling the window down for some fresh air. Testosterone, fear, and sweat leaked out like a lanced blister.

"See," Will was saying. "I cursed the pack for kicking me out all those years ago. It didn't seem to stick though—you can imagine my disappointment. I didn't check back in on my little mate for a few years. But when I did, she was fraying at the edges. Babies and demons and dreams—all that. I thought my mark had driven her a little mad. Until the curse started stretching me. You know how it goes—you ever cursed anyone?"

"Not that I can recall."

"Well, they grow in power. Little leeches like to be fed. But the more they feed on the cursed, the more they pull at the curser. Sometimes. And I was naive and made some deals to seal it off. But good I did or I might not have known—the spirits sure as hell knew. They stuck a curse meant for the pack straight on a wee babe of a Luna. My little wolf queen, taking on the pack before her title even fit right."

"And the demons let you visit her then?" Ivan looked out the window, feigning interest. Inside, he felt William's words sink like stones. So they were cursed. It had stuck to far more than just Lianne; White Pine was just better practiced in hiding it.

"For a price. Give them something to feed on, eh?" He tilted his head a little as if trying to see behind Ivan's look. "They'll let me have her this year. So I dragged my Pack out here, played with the queen, paid my price... I'll collect soon enough."

Ivan shook his head, allowing himself the smallest of taunting smirks.

"What's that look now, brother?" William asked, dipping his head to catch Ivan's smile.

Ivan gave a put-upon shrug. "Here's how I see it, then, brother . She did take on a pack. She took on White Pine. The Pack you hate most in the world. She lives on their territory, she relies on them for care and protection--from you. And you aren't the one that smells like her in this car." He met William's gaze with a private smile. "I am. Your second-best, always-behind little brother. I think, I mean, you tell me, but I think this means... I win here."

brother

William's smile turned snarlish.

"No, Will. Tuck the teeth away. You can't win this one by force. It's her choice. And her choice alone."

The diver stopped the car, but William slammed a fist over the lock.

"Careful, brother," Ivan said, eying the crushed lock with a look of superior manners. "You might just show your hand."

William's ran his tongue back over his teeth, the edges drawing a prick of blood. "Don't leave quite yet, Ivy. Not. Quite. Yet. Let's hear this from my side." He growled and a greasy pulse of dominance rocked the car like a blast of wind.

The cabbie fumbled for his door, running like a bat out of hell the moment he stumbled free. Ivan locked his stone wall back in place but didn't engage, making sure not to so much as twitch an eye at William's blood-stained snarl.

"You might smell like her, sure."

"And she smells like me," Ivan taunted, feeling only a chilled sort of calm.

Will snapped his teeth. "But whose mark is on her shoulder? Eh, little Ivy? Whose teeth broke her flesh and whose tongue licked her skin. Mine. Mine, mine, mine. Did she tell you she'd find me in her dreams for years? Oh, in her dreams I'd chase and hunt her. My little woman. I'd catch her and throw her down and take her. Like an animal. She'd wake up to my breath on her neck and—"

Suddenly, there came a loud bang and a creak and the car door was torn right off its hinges. Both brothers startled at the sudden light and fresh breeze.

Thomas stood there, the whole door to the car in hand.

"Beta," he greeted, his voice muffed for the strip of blood-stained cotton he had tied around his nose. With his massive fingers crushing the side of the metal door and the mask over his face, he looked like some highway bandit here to collect loot.

"Thomas," Ivan answered, in similar tones of casual greeting. His shock was giving way to relief and relief to something like tears.

William recovered first.

"Just a moment, eh, brawler-pup?" he said, with a stretch of his hand. "We're having a bit of a reunion here. Touching moment and all that." With a lurch so sudden it knocked his top hat to the cab floor, William was leaning over Ivan, his tongue close enough to slither next to Ivan's ear. "You can have her one more night, Ivy-pup, how's that? One more. Mummy did always teach us to share."

Ivan shoved his brother back by the throat and hauled Curt out of the car. William's shark grin split open for a laugh.

Thomas dropped the door with a bang and gathered up Curt from Ivan with the same gentleness he'd shown Helene not but two nights before.

Arms now free, Ivan leaned back over the car entrance, something deep in him vibrating with a rage that demanded blood and howls and gore. "You were never good at sharing," Ivan growled.

William's eyes were a little crazed. "She'll pay for her choice, she will. I'll make sure to ram so much of me in there none of you'll be left."

Ivan bared his teeth and snarled, slapping the roof of the car hard enough to dent it.

Then, a scent brushed his shoulder. Soft and golden and familiar. So closely familiar.

William straightened and Ivan blocked his way.

There she was, holding the gate open with Charles at attention just a few inches in front of her. Her skin was smooth in the slope of the evening sun, her braids all twisted in a high bun and her hands knotted in the fringe of her shawl.

"Ivan?" she said with concern. And then he was in front of her, faster than any man could move. And be it from fear or spite or simply relief--Ivan lifted her to his chest and kissed her. Kissed her like she was the only thing he had left.

Oh, the day he'd had. But she kissed him back shocked, but responsive, and he wanted to cry because he was here and she was with him and no one was going to take her away just yet.

She pulled back with a laughing sort of smile. But then her eyes snagged on the car and widened. Ivan, breathing heavy, tried to tell her with a look that Will wouldn't get anywhere near her if he tried.

But then her lips were on his again.

Commotion erupted behind him. William's growls turned rabid, Charles moved to take Curt, Thomas was blocking Will's exit from the car.

But Lianne was kissing him, open-mouthed and giving more than Ivan would ever have asked for. But the kiss didn't taste right. She knew William was in that car, feral for her, and it bit their kiss with the sting of revenge. Which meant it wasn't really for Ivan, or with him in mind at all. It still tasted sweet, as thick and sticky as honey—only flat and a little sour, like champagne left out.

Ivan wouldn't take the thrill of William's jealousy from her so he let the kiss run its course. The old, sad tiredness was creeping back into his bones, though her scent filled him like the sun, purging the shadows of the bourbon, the bane, his brother. With a gentle take of her lips, Ivan pulled back and tucked his head in her neck, breathing her in one last time.

He straightened before William had recovered enough for coherent speech and turned Lianne towards the house. "Someone call him another cab," he ordered, a little hoarse. "He promised another day."

William howled and Thomas crossed his arms. The pup was scared out of his wits, but after tiring his influence on the cabbie and Ivan, all William would see was the brawler build and the black chord of a killer's collar around Thomas' throat. It would be enough to keep the beast's frothing growls outside the gate.

Not that it mattered. He'd promised them one night, and to take her now would be to lose.

And Will never lost.





______

Wow. This was long. And Grammarly wasn't working right so I apologise now for the typos. Poor Ivan. Rough few days, eh?

Wow. This was long. And Grammarly wasn't working right so I apologise now for the typos. Poor Ivan. Rough few days, eh? So I will not be posting next week . Have a bridal shower for a dear cousin, a dress fitting, another shower. It's mayhem over here.

So I will not be posting next week I will not be posting next week . Have a bridal shower for a dear cousin, a dress fitting, another shower. It's mayhem over here. But next update; next, NEXT Wednesday.

And then I'll catch up on all my comments. Know I read and treasure every one!

But next update; next, NEXT Wednesday.

And then I'll catch up on all my comments. Know I read and treasure every one! Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3 xx

Comment and Vote if you liked it! <3 xx





36. Nectar and Steam


Lianne let him help her up the front steps, but her shawl was wrapped around her like a wall to a city. Any of Ivan's attempt to read her emotions seemed to slide off her. She was tense, the sort of tightness to her body that came from trying to keep all the shaken parts of her together inside. Whether it was seeing William, kissing a wolf again or finally noticing the symmetry of features between her predator and her protector, Ivan couldn't tell.





She shot him a sharp-eyed look as he held the door open for her. "Curt's home. Focus your frowns on him."

Ivan felt his frown deepen.

"I mean that if you're intent on fixing someone, fix him." Her skirts brushed the foot of the stature in the foyer as she turned, the look in her eyes as long-arching and dead-set as the Luna above her. "Then yourself. You look exhausted."

"I am," Ivan heard himself say with surprise.

Her look softened slightly. "Well, keep it together for the pup then." She balled her fist in the fringes of her scarf, but not before he caught the tremor in her fingers.

Charles entered, turning sideways to fit the boy he carried in his arm through the threshold. Thomas lumbered after, still buzzing with brawler adrenaline. His eye was caught on Curt's limp arm, dangling from Charles' hold like Betsy's hand did from the coroner's stretcher.

"What the hell did they put in him?" the brawler asked.

"Wolfsbane," Charles answered, his voice barely a growl through the dried blood on the kerchief around his nose.

Lianne uncurled her fingers from her shawl and came forward. Charles stepped back, apprehensive. Her smell seemed to glaze over the sweat, testosterone and mildew of the room.

Ivan held out a hand to stay the hunter and Charles stilled, letting Lianne approach the pup.

"Wolfsbane," she repeated softly, her fingers flitting over Curt's clammy brow. The pup's breath hitched and his brow furrowed.

"Careful, Miss," Charles said. "We don't know how he'll be coming back to us."

"Do you think he will?" Thomas bent to pick up Curt's hand and tuck it back over the pup's chest. "Come back to us, I mean. I've never seen a case this bad."

A spasm briefly locked up Curt's body and he whimpered. The touch and smells too much for the scout to handle.

Charles stepped back again, his boots hitting the staircase behind him. "Oh, he'll come back," Charles said. His voice was void of its usual veneer. He was the pack's hunter—he tracked down those too lost on bane to remember the way home. And, if they snapped, Charles oversaw their put downs. The weight of their deaths ghosted over his tone and the purple prickly scent of wolfsbane with the echo of defeat. "Whether we recognise him when he does is the question."

Lianne fisted her hands back in her shawl. "What does he need then?" Her voice snapped like a reprimand to Charles' resignation.

Ivan intervened, taking Curt from Charles' arms. "He needs the bane out before we can address the feral."

"Why the hell would they put bane in him in the first place?" Thomas' concern was hardening to fury.

"Some wolves are just too far gone," Charles said, covering the dark undertones of his words with a more customary shrug.

"Charles, why don't you take over rounds for the evening?" Ivan ordered. Curt's breathing was still uneven.

The hunter's dead eyes tuned to him slowly, calculating. "You might still need me." For the put down, he meant.



"I'll call you if I do."

Charles remained still, in that frozen hunter way. "Who will watch the woman, then?" He asked evenly, holding Ivan's gaze.

"I will."

"And if he attacks?"

Ivan bared his teeth a fraction. "I'll be alright, Charles. Do as I say."

Charles raised a brow and skirted a look to Lianne. "Very well, then." He bared his throat and left the room with a tic in his jaw.

Thomas watched him go, restlessly alternating his weight from foot to foot. "Attacks? Like William? You think he'll be back?"

"That's not what he meant." Ivan started for the stairs.

"He's worried about Curt," Lianne said, just putting the pieces together herself. Her fingers nervously played with the top button on her collar.

" Curt attacking?" Thomas followed after Ivan. "The pup couldn't do that much harm. He's more twig than bone!"

Curt "You haven't worked with a feral," Ivan said, hefting the boy higher to catch his scent—still dripping with bane. They'd have to sweat the stuff out of him.

"Where are you going?" Lianne asked, hiking up her skirts up to follow. Of course she'd follow—threat of feral wolves and all.

"To a tub. Some hot water and steam will burn the stuff from him."

"A tub?" Lianne's steps behind him paused, then scurried to catch up. "Not on my watch. It's nasty. Thomas—get a bucket and the bleach please."

Ivan stopped at the landing. "No. No bleach." His tone must have shown more urgency than intended because Lianne stopped a few stairs from the top and gave him measuring look.

"Smells matter to the pup. Best not remind him."

Her jaw locked at Ivan's determined tone, but she raised a brow and climbed the last steps like a ruler up their dias. "Fine. Vinegar then. Bring vinegar, a rag and a bucket."

Thomas recoiled. "Vinegar, Lady? Us wolves—"

Lianne turned her barbed look on the pup like a baring of teeth. "Do I need to repeat myself?"

The bathroom was a mess, but was bigger than Lianne's at the least. Instead of a short-nozzle shower head, the room fit a clawed-foot tub with a curled lip around its edge. The floor was paved in small, slippery tiles of blue; wider white and blue tiles checkered the rest of the room. Other than that, there was one window, a stained oval mirror and the sink between the tub and the toilet.

Someone had cleaned the toilet and the sink earlier that day but the bathtub was a swamp of slime, waste and sleek white crawling things. Thomas cleared it out with a growl while Lianne sloshed a liberal dose of vinegar into a bucket of warm water. She wouldn't let Ivan put Curt down until she had basted the cracked porcelain in the sour pinch of white vinegar and scalded all the poor bugs back down the drain.

"I'm telling you, Lady. Vinegar won't help," Thomas complained, his face pinched like a child's with a lemon.

Ivan tried the water. It spat and coughed up brown, but once the system was clear it gave a heavy stream of bright water.

"Oh, hush." Lianne opened the window. "Sitting him in a bed of mold won't help either."

"It's the senses that matter," Ivan said, defending the pup against his better judgment. "Smell in particular."

"It'll wake him up, then." Lianne rung out her rag in the sink.

"Or remind him why to stay dead," Thomas offered, his shirt over his nose as he reached for another load of glass and mysterious wrappers from the bathroom tile.



Lianne slapped his arm with the bleached cloth and Thomas hissed and complained his way out the door to a trash pile at the top of the stairs.

Ivan gently leaned Curt against a clean-ish patch of the smudged walls and adjusted the spotted gold spouts for hot water.

"Thomas tinkered in the yard today," Lianne told him, leaning over his shoulder. "Should work. Whatever he did."

She re-wet her rag and slapped the corrosive smelling stuff on the wall behind the bath. The vinegar was eating away at the mold and mildew with a greenish-yellow smell that made Ivan feel strapped in a fish tank. Ivan ran what he could of the water over the porcelain to rinse it down the drain. "You know, it might help if you made some tea for him," he suggested mildly. "Maybe mint like the night before."

Lianne paused in her scourge of the tiles. "Don't know if we have mint," she said, but she was already folding her rag back up and tossing it in the bucket. She turned to the door in a whoosh of skirts, anxious to help. "I'll go see."

"Take your bucket! Take your bucket!" Ivan called after her. Steam was beginning to cloud around the faucet.

"Oh." And she took the caustic stuff away.

"Damn." Ivan struggled to strip Curt from his shifters. "Thomas!"

The wolf was there in a minute, his shirt still pressed to his nose.

"Help me get these off him. No, wait. Open the window in the room across. Let's clear out this stench before we shut all this steam in."

Thomas grimaced, but obeyed. Soon, a lazy breeze strung between the two rooms. Ivan breathed the air with relief; the woman might as well cut a pipe and gas them out of the place. Though Ivan felt more awake now. That was something.

It took several minutes for the slow-rising smell of the mint tea Lianne brought to soften the reek of vinegar in the room. Lianne had been offered the toilet to sit on, but she'd eyed the cuts they'd unbandaged on Curt's arm and the limp slosh of his body into the water, and decided to wait outside. Probably for the best. Charles was right—a potential mate in the room could stir up a fight with an unwanted end.

As the air smogged up the room in cloudy whites and blues, Ivan stripped out of his Pack uniform and donned instead Curt's discarded shifters. Just in case Lianne decided to barge in with more vinegar—might as well be decent if he had to throw her out.

Thomas lowered himself opposite the toilet where they waited as the steam circled and built in feathers of white until the gold-red of his skin was only visible for it's sheen of sweat.

Curt sat in the hot water. Stirring now, but not really with them. Ivan tested Lianne's tea from the pot's spout first, the sort of heat that almost burnt pricking his tongue. Ivan closed Curt's lips over the teapot's fat stem and tilted his head back. Curt choked at first, a look of indignance crossing his features. Which was a good sign.

"Drink it, pup," Ivan coaxed. "It's hot and you need the liquid. There, now."

Curt's face went impassively slack after swallowing, but he worked his jaw like he was nursing a temper. His fists kept opening and closing—a wolf waiting for his claws to return.

"He'll go proper feral once the wolfsbane's out," Ivan warned Thomas, wiping a hand over his dripping brow. The smell of clean sweat was beginning to melt the edges off the vinegar and bane in the room.

Thomas moved to stand over the tub, nervous. "When will that be?"

"Any minute now." Ivan poured more tea down Curt's throat.



Curt spat it back out.

"Drink it, pup," Ivan growled, leaning in to lock eyes with the boy.

And Curt looked back, really looked back - the rage and fear of a feral wolf contorting his face into a snarl.

Ivan snarled right back.

"Easy, Curt," Thomas said, his big hands wrapping around the lip of the tub at Curt's back.

But Curt lunged for Ivan's throat. The teapot went flying and crashed against the wall's tile as Ivan held the pup at arms-length. The smell of mint swam in all the steam as Thomas reached to pry the wolf from his Beta.

"No, no, let him!" Ivan said. As he tried to grip Curt's slippery forearms, he stepped one leg into the tub for better purchase, the the hot water lapping over his calf. "Curt, Curt. Listen here now." Ivan tried to push an influencer's calm into the boy, but immediately regretted the decision.

Curt reacted as if Ivan had sloshed acid down his throat. The pup recoiled so fast both of them slipped in the tub and fell. Ivan hit his elbow hard on the faucet and his foot landed in Curt's gut. His head went under the water and he came up sputtering to find Thomas holding Curt over the edge of the tub as the kid retched whatever of the tea he'd swallowed onto the tile.

Damn. Ivan pushed his dripping hair from his eyes. "Curt, hell, I'm sorry. I didn't think it was that bad." He reached out to touch Curt's arm in reassurance, but the wolf scrambled to the farthest corner of the tub and gave Ivan the look of a wolf caught in a trap, anger masking heart-clenching panic.

Ivan slowly withdrew his hand. "No influence," he promised gently. "No more. I'm not like William."

At the name Curt's snarl choked on a whimper. Then the pup turned to the edge of the tub and lowered his head on its cracked porcelain rim. He was growling, but the sound was so small and tired.

"Curt?" Thomas tried anxiously. He squatted by the tub to rub a hand over the wolf's bare shoulders. "Curt, it'll—"

Curt curled away from Thomas' touch, snapping his teeth and drawing his legs to his chest.

"Let him be," Ivan said, watching close.

Curt wrapped his arms around his legs, the water dripping with his movement.

Ivan shut off the tap and thought to stand to get out of the tub, but checked himself. Looming over the pup wouldn't help. Instead Ivan carefully re-situated himself so his forearms could rest casually on his knees, as if convening in the tub was the most natural thing in the world.

After a moment of facet-dripping silence, the beads of steam running down the tiles like tears, Ivan tried to gently break the silence. "William... he got you good, didn't he?"

Curt's claws extended and he ran the two inch black nails up and down his arms.

Ivan gave the alarmed Thomas a stand-down look. "What did William tell you, Curt?" Ivan pressed, coaxingly. Influence could be used like a wrench thrown in a system of gears—locking down everything in a person with a well-timed lie. Withdraw the wrench, restart the machine; there had been something like that in his training.

But at the question, Curt only dug his nails deeper into his flesh.

Damn.

"Was it.... something about Betsy?" Ivan ventured.

Curt's hands stilled and his lanky frame shuddered hard. He whimpered and the scratching resumed, deep enough to send a quick dribble of blood into the water. The red was stark in the white clouds of steam.



Something to do with Betsy then.

Suddenly, the door opened and a whoosh of steam rushed out the door. The air that swooped back in was so cold all three wolves flinched.

Lianne was there, squinting for all the steam. Her scent wove like a needle through the room, stitching over the white and red with threads of bright yellow concern and anger of hard gold. "All I hear are shatters, crashes and growls in here. What the hell are you doing to him?"

Thomas moved first, blocking Curt's line of sight. "He's not right, right now, Lady," he told her, carefully. "It might be dangerous for you. Best to—"

She walked in anyway and put a hand to Thomas' chest to push him aside. She withdrew her hand just as fast. "You're wet," she said in surprise, looking about the room in confusion. "And your Beta is in the bath."

Ivan kept a close eye on Curt, whose eyes had latched on her like a dog eyeing the dinner table.

"Ivan, love, please tell me you're wearing something," Lianne said drily.

"He is," Thomas answered. "Curt isn't."

"Yes." Lianne's eyes fell on Curt. "Hello, Curt."

As the steam leaked from the room, the blue tiles regained their colour and the bloodshot lines in Curt's feral eyes seemed to deepen. The pup didn't move as Lianne took stock of him.

"Nice to have you back," she said at last.

Thomas detained her as she tried to move further into the room. "He's not back, Miss. He's feral!" He struggled to herd Lianne towards the door without picking her up outright. "Be-beta, tell her!"

not "Let her come," Ivan said evenly, eyes not leaving Curt.

Lianne rounded the brawler and smiled at the boy like one does a crying child. "How's it going, Curt?"

"Not too close now," Ivan warned.

But she hitched up her skirts and crouched in front of Curt's half of the tub to set her hand on its rim. "Your Beta says smells help, eh?" she said, as gentle as a mother. Then she offered her wrist to the wolf, slowly moving it to his face.

"Wait." Ivan held up a hand, watching the feral circle in Curt's eyes. Something in his voice made Lianne listen. "Come to my side of the tub first." Ivan slowly wrapped his fingers around her hand on the rim. When she hesitated, he allowed himself a blink of a look at her. "I'll let you back at him. Just have to give him a little context first."

Lianne knelt on the floor, slick with steam and tea, and shuffled toward him. A warning growl started in Curt's chest, so Ivan locked his gaze locked with wolf's. Then he brought Lianne' wrist to his lips, took in her scent, and kissed the line of veins there.

Curt blinked, his fire-crazy eyes tearing from Lianne to Ivan and back again. His growl turned possessive and his head twisted to the side in an inhumane contortion. Ivan held the scout's feral eyes and barely moved his lips when he spoke. "Lianne, baby," he said as neutrally as he could. "I hate to ask this of you. But if you want to stay and help—which I think you can—I'll need you to bare your throat for me."

Lianne tensed, and Curt felt it, his eyes steeling and his blood-striped arms rising from the water to be ready for an attack.

Lianne noticed the pup's change and forced herself to relax. She even wound her fingers around Ivan's wrist as if she liked him. But he felt her nails pricking their warning on his skin. "Why, pray, Ivan, dear?"

"You see his look. Do you want him to mark you?"

"No less than I want you to mark me." She said, sweetly.



"I would never, and you know it." Ivan spared a second to give her a look. "Trust me or get out."

She grit her teeth, but stretched her neck to the side.

Curt growled.

Ivan leaned towards her, the water echoing off the tile with his movement, and put his lips on her neck. Not a kiss, he wouldn't dare. Especially since her pulse hammered nervous and fast against his lips. Ivan focused on Curt's growl; not on the way the steam sipped her scent from her like nectar, or the warm flutter of her skin, or the breath he could hear, shallow in her lungs.

When Curt's growl deepened, Ivan tightened his hand on Lianne's wrist in a warning. It was a basic scenting claim—mothers did it to their pups. But when Ivan's lips parted and he ran his tongue over a chord on her neck, Lianne's pulse hiccuped to a stop.

Ivan pulled back, quick for her sake, but relaxed enough so as not to start Curt off.

Lianne's eyes were wide and her pulse skidded back into action, pounding like it would burst from her skin. Damn. He swallowed her taste down before it became too familiar; saltier than her kiss, more complex, more smooth somehow.

Curt heard her heartbeat—hell, they all must have; his and hers together compounding enough noise to echo—and his lip pulled up in a snarl.

Lianne blinked again and looked nervously to Curt, then to Thomas.

"He thinks you're taking advantage of me." Lianne's voice sounded even and impartial, but she wouldn't look at him.

Oh, hell, she was blushing. Her skin was so hot in his hand that suddenly this water he sat in felt cold and goosebumps ran the length of his arm. Ivan let go of her fast. "If I overstepped-" he began.

"No, no." Lianne stretched a calm smile over her face and tilted her head towards Curt.

Curt snapped his teeth at Ivan.

"Well. I don't think I've helped much," she said, then she reached for Ivan's wrist.

Ivan pulled his hand back so fast, he hit his elbow on the back of the tub and Lianne startled. Then she looked amused. "Trust me or get out," she mimicked him with a smirk.

Ivan rubbed his elbow in a slosh of hot water. "You come near my neck and I will mark you," he told her, suddenly sure of it.

She blinked. "My," she said, like he was a child with an over-serious confession.

Ivan stuck to his side of the tub until she laughed.

Curt startled at the sound, his head tilting towards her in that curious, wolfish way. Not angry or possessive, just confused; so Ivan hesitantly let her have his wrist.

Lianne looked at Curt and smiled. "There, now. So I smell like him, don't I? And you don't like that." She lifted Ivan's wrist to her mouth and darted her tongue over his skin, quick and warm and light as a feather.

Hell, somehow, that felt a lot different than a mere scent marking.

Lianne snuck a smirk to him and Ivan realised he was frozen, starting at his own wrist like a schoolboy who'd been kissed.

"And now he smells like me," Lianne told Curt simply. "So you can't have me, pup. I'm sorry."

Curt blinked at her.

"That's it," she cooed with a nod, her voice filtering through her tight smile like honey though a sieve. "A bit of his spit on my neck and I'm taken in the wolf world forever. Isn't that right?"

Ivan gently eased his wrist from her grasp. "It's a bit more complicated than that," he tried to assure her, rubbing his wrist. But the smell of her only stuck to his fingers too.



"Sure," she didn't sound convinced even with her smile. "Curt, love, I am going to move closer to you now. There. Good, little wolf. Now I am going to hold out my wrist for you to smell—oh, not that one. That's the one Ivan—well, the one Ivan kissed, the bastard. No, no. No growling. He is a good sort of bastard and I licked him back, you see? So we're even. It's a game adults play. Oh, don't look so scandalised, Thomas. I am the only one in this room who is fully clothed. There, Curt, love. Smell this hand. A fresh little patch of skin for you to sniff."

I "You know, mocking won't really talk him 'round." Thomas said, mildly insulted, from where he hovered by Curt's side.

"I don't think he understands a word I am saying at the moment," Lianne answered in the same crooning voice as before. "Good, Curt. Now look in my eyes. Look in my- good. We understand that much, do we? Do you know this scent?"

Curt nodded, looking almost sheepish. His eyes were watching hers with suspicion.

"Ah, now, that's good." Lianne lowered herself to her knees. Her eyes ran up and down Curt's arms. "What have you done to yourself?" she asked, reaching into the tub and hovering a finger over the pup's bleeding gashes. The water in the bath was turning a pale, pale pink.

Ivan tried to discreetly extract himself from the tub, but a cascade of drips and pours sloshed loudly in the room as soon as he stood.

Both he and Thomas cringed, but Lianne only had eyes for Curt.

"No, don't look to Ivan. No one cares about him. Look at me. And tell me about your arms, Curt. What happened?"

Ivan put one foot out of the bath and then the other, grabbing hold of the rim for support. The whole place was coated in water and steam and tea. He slid down next to Lianne so that his back was to the tub, but he could still catch Curt if the boy moved too sudden-like.

Curt grew some claws to show Lianne.

"Yes, yes. Very nice," Lianne cooed. "A big bad wolf, aren't you?"

"We want to know what William put in his head," Ivan told Lianne softly.

Lianne wrapped her hands around Curt's and the claws shrank back. Her voice lost its forced honey, slipping to a tone bruised softly with grief. "Do these cuts have anything to do with the day Betsy died?"

Curt knew the name; his face twisted. This time with pain, not anger. Like he might cry.

Lianne swallowed, her big eyes with their short, curling lashes misting like the room's steam. "Yes. What happened to her was awful," she said, a thickness to her throat. "And you had to see it, didn't you?" She took Curt's hands and gently brought them to her cheek. "I can't even imagine—"

Curt took his hands away from her and hid them under his arms. Curling back into himself, the pup once again rested his head on the tub's rim. A soft moan escaped him, like the memory was a hot coal inside him that was slowly burning away at his flesh and bones.

"Oh, Curt. You can't think it's your fault," Lianne brushed her hand through Curt's wet hair.

Curt's grieving moan turned to a whimper and he rolled his head along on the white curl of the rim.

"No," Lianne said, firm. She pulled Curt's head up and held it in place with two warm hands on his pale cheeks. "You stayed and fought for her, even knowing there was nothing you could do." Curt's breath came harder as she brushed away the water that dripped from his brow.

"Curt, you listen here." Lianne's voice weakened with tears. "If Betsy were here, she'd be telling you how grateful she was to have you staying with her in her worst hour. So brave. I mean, she'd be so grateful she'd be talking about naming her next child after you. Honest, she would."

Curt snapped his teeth and pushed away from the bath. It was so fast, Ivan quickly yanked Lianne to himself, her back against his chest, his arm around her breasts. She fought him, but Ivan held strong, watching Curt flail in the water and claw at his face.

"We got it now," Ivan told her, handing her off to Thomas who wrapped his big arms around her and turned her protectively away from the wolf.

Ivan had never paid so much attention to one man's heart for so long a time. And Curt's heart was a mess, tangled and choked within his own mind; a trap of William's making, a bleeding, teething knot that tightened at words that pricked too close.

Lianne had hurt him the most when she said 'brave' and 'nothing you could do.'

Ivan slipped to his feet in a hurry and slid back into the tub. He grabbed Curt's wrists and pried the boy's claws from his own face. There was a deep cut through his brow and a series of shallow scrapes down his cheeks, bleeding like tear tracks.

Ivan felt a pity and a pain roll up in him, pressing in his throat loud like a howl and hot like a sob. He felt Lianne folding in on herself with guilt and grief and fear, and he felt Thomas angry and battling that brawler terror of helplessness as he held Lianne protectively to his chest. But Ivan chose to pay attention to the boy kicking in the tub, squirming for traction between Ivan's legs.

Ivan hauled Curt to his feet, so he could look him in the eye. He was careful to keep both Curt's clawed hands far from the both of them. "William told you you were a coward," Ivan said and Curt thrashed, crying now, but trying to run like a caught animal.

No, coward wasn't quite right. That was a chord in the knot in the boy's chest, but not its core. If William wanted to trap a young pup in a lie, what would it—oh. The realisation came with a familiarity now decades old.

Ivan pulled Curt closer, catching a twist of pleading in those caught, rabid-wide eyes. As if some part of Curt squirming for another voice to hold back the tide of William's was stripping him bare of everything he knew. Ivan knew that look as well. It's memory from childhood was sickening.

Ivan forced his jaw to unclench. "He fed you the good-for-nothing lie, didn't he? That you are nothing in comparison to all his... him. His power, his greed, his strength. And you had to watch him win while he taunted you. And you hate yourself for it."

Curt stilled for a moment, the words connecting them like a tether. And, then, the boy went slack in Ivan's grip and he cried. A sobbing, a distinctly human sound that tore at the throat and scraped at the lungs.

"Oh Curt," Ivan said, and he pulled the boy to his chest.

Tears were good. They would bleed William's poison from the pup like a purge. And hopefully take with the lies, the feral. But William wasn't smart enough to trap a pup this deep with one lucky stroke. No, he'd merely driven in the final nail to a coffin already self-made. That too, Ivan knew from coffin-stifling experience.

He lowered himself and the boy out of the tub, leaning against the porcelain rim with exhaustion as Thomas left the room with Lianne tow. And as Curt's too thin frame curled into him to cry on his chest, there the Beta sat with his pup—in a pool of water, steam, tea, bile and tears—until the bath water cooled.





___________

We're back! And with a long chapter in compensation.

We're back! And with a long chapter in compensation. My grammarly (whoops, showing my hand here) isn't loading. Which means my last-ditch effort at editing out those typos is gone. Help out where you can! I'll change them once everything is up.

My grammarly (whoops, showing my hand here) isn't loading. Which means my last-ditch effort at editing out those typos is gone. Help out where you can! I'll change them once everything is up. Let me know what you think!

Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3

Let me know what you think!

Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3 Next Update--HOPEFULLY next Wednesday. Fortunately I am not planning on moving, starting a new job or finishing classes this next week, soooo.... chances of regular schedules have increased. yay!!!!

Next Update--HOPEFULLY next Wednesday. Fortunately I am not planning on moving, starting a new job or finishing classes this next week, soooo.... chances of regular schedules have increased. yay!!!! Thanks all the same for your patience. xx

Thanks all the same for your patience. xx





37. Roots and Cinnamin


"Ivan."

Ivan peeled his eyes from the master bed in the room, where Curt slept with an even rise and fall of his bare chest. Ivan sat against the wall in the corner, the blistering rose wallpaper flaking onto his lap. He'd matched his breathing to Curt's, his legs crossed under each other, his arms folded over his chest.

Lianne had called him from the threshold, a thick quilt folded over her arm, set with purple and red stars. The late afternoon sun came from the window to her left. It brushed her wrist and neck in an orange-tipped white and caught the swirl of dust in the air like playful pollen in the spring.

He blinked at her as she watched him. Sleep had wrapped itself around his bones in a fine net. Moving to her required breaking the thin strands of fatigue. He blinked again.

Lianne crossed the room, her socks and skirts swirling more dust into the light's white flame, and slowly lowered herself in front of him. "Oh, Ivan," she said, his name sounding like a tragedy as she gently combed his hair from his face.

Ivan felt himself lean into her touch and her lips lifted in a gentle smile. "You look exhausted."

Well, he felt it.

"I don't suppose I could talk you to sharing a bed with Curt? Or moving to the next room? There's a bed there too. And you, love, need sleep."

Ivan forced himself to swallow. "Curt," he began, but couldn't seem to peel his voice off the back of his throat.

"Yes." Her fingers lingered on his temple and her smile faded by degrees. A grief momentarily shadowed the contours of her face—tightening the air between them in a way too personal to be worry for Curt. Something she saw in all his exhaustion weighed on her.

Ivan straightened somewhat, but she pulled back to busy herself with the blanket.

"Let's lay this out then, shall we? This floor is still a mess."

It took Ivan a moment, but he moved to stand, snapping all those roots of sleep inside him. Hell. He was so tired it hurt.

Lianne flicked out the corners of the blanket and smoothed out its wrinkles, batting at his ankles when he didn't get out of her way fast enough. She'd even brought one of the pillows she'd left to air in the sun that morning. "You're laying down and you're sleeping."

Ivan smiled lightly at her from where he stood. "Not as easy as it sounds."

She clicked her tongue at him and pointed to the pillow. "Lay down and you'll be out like a babe."

He laughed thinly but obeyed. The floor was hard, but just putting his head on the pillow eased the pressure of his headache. He let out a low, long breath.

He wasn't an idiot; he knew he needed sleep. But the longer he tended to stay awake, the harder it was to settle down.

He felt like a fish caught in a net, his mind and heart tangled in a million threads of attention: wrapped around Curt's lungs as the pup fought for peaceful sleep; coiled around Lianne's wrist as she fussed over the corners of his pillow; searching for Charles as he paced on lookout for William; hovering over Celeste and the twins as they readied for the operation. Every time he closed his eyes, the chords of uncertainty, worry and grief cinched tight enough about him to cut.

"Good, love." Lianne was saying. She sat by his head with her skirts tugged over her woolen socks. He felt her hesitate, but then her fingers pressed back into his hair, her nails light on his scalp like he were a pup to soothe.

The golden shards of a bourbon bottle. A serrated row of crocodile's teeth. The pop of newspaper cameras. The clambering hands of his Pack. His eyes burned the longer they were closed.



"Would you mind doing something for me?" he said after a moment, his voice scratchy.

"Anything," she said, her fingers slipping down to draw patterns over his temple.

Ivan's eyes closed again, slow. "A mother and two twins are going into operation soon. We always lose either the mother or the child when it's like this."

Her fingers stopped for a moment, then brushed over the frown in his brow. "What do you need me for?"

"Would you just..." Ivan frowned slightly. "Pray for them, I suppose."

"Just generally?" she asked, her voice quiet. "Or do you mean... like Keenan."

"Like Keenan," Ivan said. The words tasted somehow like defeat. "But you don't have to." He tried to turn onto his back to look at her.

Her hand stilled him firmly on his shoulder. "Shhh." She almost sounded amused. "Stay down, wolf. There. Of course I'll pray for them. Don't know what it'll do, but I'll pray."

"Alright." Ivan closed his eyes.

She tucked his hair behind his ear. "Do the twins have names?"

"Let me ask." Ivan reached for the doctor through the pack link, careful not to startle the wolf. 'The twins have names? ' he asked.

'The twins have names? There was a pause. ' No, Beta.' Emotion wasn't communicated well over the pack link but Ivan was sure the doctor sounded confused. ' Best not to name them. In case... well, if they don't live.'

No, Beta.' Best not to name them. In case... well, if they don't live.' "No, they don't have names." Ivan told Lianne, cracking open an eye. He could see the rimmed shadow of her lashes in the white-flecked light of evening, brushing her cheek as she blinked.

"Alright. Then let's just call them.... Alice and David."

"Alice?" Ivan didn't like that one.

"Yes. It's a good name."

"Sure. Though what if it's two boys? Girls are rare and Celeste already gave us one."

"Honestly, Ivan." She pinched the edge of his ear. "Shut up and let me pray so you can sleep."

Ivan smiled a fraction and turned away from her. The pillow only smelt slightly of mildew, soaked in the warmer scents of Lianne and garden sunshine.

"Hell, Ivan," Lianne said, though her voice was the softest he'd heard it. "You're like a little boy settling in for a nap. Restless, cranky and questioning."

"It's not easy to set a day like today aside—" He opened one eye again, but she closed it with a gentle fingertip.

"I said sleep, you fool. If they're two boys it'll be David and Jeremiah. I knew a Jerry once and I liked him."

Ivan grunted and relayed the names through the pack link.

There was a pause, her hand tracing his hair line. Then, "Amen."

His eyes opened. "That's it?"

"What'd you expect?"

"You... glowed last time."

She hit him lightly in the back of the head, knocking his headache back in place. "You asked me to pray so I prayed."

Ivan felt a sort of sadness crawl into his chest. "Thank you, then."

"Yes." Her voice was sharp. "Now sleep."

After a moment, her fingers returned to his scalp. That did feel lovely. From a distance, he seemed to hear her murmur something quiet and soothing above him.

Of all the thoughts in his tangled mind, one pressed to the forefront with a healthy dose of alarm. He really shouldn't fall asleep all sedated in her scent. And she really shouldn't be this close to him.

But another thought was that, as he smelled his scent lingering on her wrist—hell. He was already too far gone. His muscles were unraveling with her so near, their tension bleeding out with her touch, her gentle voice—what was she saying anyway?—and her scent was untangling and reweaving each thread of troubled sleep with the warmth of comfort.

No matter how he cut it now, leaving her this side of the river for his side would hurt like hell; he doubted mere proximity could make it that much worse.

As that thought settled and her touch smoothed over his hair, another memory surfaced, so old it felt foreign in to him now. It was of his mother; he didn't think he could remember her without the scratches of William down her arms. But there she was, all smooth, honey-cream skin with a curtain of dark hair and a scent like cinnamon and mornings. She'd stroked through his hair as Lianne was doing now.

It had been so long since anyone cared... and Ivan slept.





Lianne didn't seem to understand how lightly trained wolves slept. So Ivan was awake, if only in his mind, when he felt her gently run her thumb over his palm. And then when she slid down next to him, her hand wrapping in his. And when curled up on her side facing him. And when she fell asleep.

And then he was asleep again too.





__________

Short. But sweet. ;)



Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3

Short. But sweet. ;)



Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3



As always, your support is so kind and encouraging. It continues to make writing in my new little nest a joy and a half. Thank you for that.

As always, your support is so kind and encouraging. It continues to make writing in my new little nest a joy and a half. Thank you for that. Next Update; Next Wed. Hopefully. It's a part with a lot of moving pieces.... so here's to that. (nervously clinks glasses with virtual readers). heh. heh.

Next Update; Next Wed. Hopefully. It's a part with a lot of moving pieces.... so here's to that. (nervously clinks glasses with virtual readers). heh. heh. Onward, friends! And have a good week.

Onward, friends! And have a good week.





38. Soap and Gold


He probably woke up because she did. He heard her swallow and sigh and felt her move closer to him. He was surprised at her proximity; her head was against his chest, her legs almost touched his and he decided waking up required no immediate rush.





He could smell the yard from the window, open to that earthy, waking smell wild gardens emitted in the morning. And he could feel a sliver of the sun on his feet from the bathroom window that faced east, the light casting a healthy gold over the master bed where Curt still slept. The pup would be out a few hours yet. The bane and panic alone was enough to fell a greater wolf. Ivan felt rather felled himself.

It had been so good to sleep. Like the pup, he needed a few days to recover as well. But they wouldn't be spared that. Not until this was all over and he was crawling into his lonely, cold silk sheets in his office apartments. Not until this was over and Lianne was safe.

He smelt her on the pillow, on the blanket, her scent filtering through the morning air like a fine net over their little quilt-island on the floor. He could smell her on him too. And his scent in her hair, on her skin. Ivan had a spread of warm feelings in him at that, but they were quickly overshadowed by that good-bye tasting sadness he'd been avoiding.

William had given them one day. Which now only meant a few hours until... well, until Ivan figured out how to end it all.

Ivan stretched out his legs, trying to strip off the exhaustion and unwind the tension from his spine. His toes cracked and he settled back in on his side.

There was a little moan from the woman next to him. "That's nasty," she croaked.

It took him a minute to realise she was talking about his stiff toes and smiled some.

She smiled herself, sleepy, and tilted up her head to squint at him. In the soft curve of morning light, with the purple and red stars spread beneath them like a picnic, both seemed to realise how close they were a moment later than they should have; not a hand's breath apart, Ivan holding is breath to keep still, Lianne with eyes slowly waking up.

But then she ducked her head and rubbed her nose over his chest like one of Mrs Whimble's cats.

Ivan laughed a little, aware of how each muscle near her breath tightened. "You're close," he noticed.

She titled her head back and squinted an eye open at him. "You're warm," she said, and curled back into him.

"I see," Ivan said. Her eyelashes brushed his skin and her socked foot brushed his ankle, and Ivan concluded getting up was a more urgent priority.

Her, this close and soft and sleepy, was waking up parts of him best keep deep down and dormant. When he spoke, his voice was stretched too tight. "What are you doing?"

"Just enjoying your company," she answered, innocently. "Resting... relaxing." Her sock brushed his ankle again.

"Hm," Ivan said. He reached out despite himself and pushed aside some of the braids that had fallen over her cheek. "I have to tell you then, dear, that relaxing isn't necessarily the word I'd use in this situation."

"Really?" She looked up him with a sly grin. "And here I was about to start practising my scenting claims, or whatever they're called."

Oh, heavens. "Lianne." Ivan ran a hand over his face, but she smiled so heard himself strain a laugh.

She laughed at him again and nuzzled his chest. All those muscles tightening for her again and turning her laugh just a little wicked. She leaned even closer to him—as if to actually practice those scenting claims. He reached down quickly to hold her away from him. "Don't even think about it," he said.



She wrinkled her nose at him.

Ivan laughed a little himself, amused but feeling all jittery at her look, her lips. "You know." Ivan heard himself say, a thumb hesitantly running under the line of those lips. "It's amazing how much you seem to hate wolves in general, but love driving this wolf to his limit and back again. Is this a revenge thing?"

Her pout flattened with a dry look. She eased a hand over his chest and brushed her foot on his leg again. "You know," she began, imitating his conversational tone, "since I was a little girl I imagined waking up with a man next to me." Her sweet voice turned bitter. "And in all my fantasies there was definitely less talking."

"With mere mortals, Miss," came Charles' voice from across there room, "there is definitely less talking."

Ivan laughed. Not really for Charles, but for the way Lianne's expression froze in surprise, then tore in embarrassment and indignation. And for the way the tension between them slipped away to both his relief and slight disappointment.

"Charles!" she growled. "Way to butt in where you aren't wanted."

Charles laughed. Ivan sat up to see the hunter watching from the other side of the room. He'd perched himself in a sagging purple armchair by the front door. It was so old its wingback spine seemed only to withstand the hunter's weight by few fraying threads. Charles sprawled without a care, the Nooser's News unfolded in his lap and Ivan's spectacles twirling between his fingers.

Nooser's News "I'm just keeping guard, Miss Finn," Charles said, setting the thin wire of the spectacles on the arched bridge of his nose. "Or should it be Madam Finn now? Mistress Beta? Ooh. Beta's Mistress?"

Ivan felt a growl rumble through his chest. "Watch it, Charles."

"Call me what you will. But keep your nose up your furry ass this morning and leave us alone."

Ivan felt his growl soften at her tone. A little human's prickly pride sneering at White Pine's top predator—who would have thought condescension would be endearing?

Charles flicked his newspaper back up to cover his grin. "Forgive me, madam, but someone has to keep guard over the house and boy. What with you and the Beta all nestled up like puppies."

"Wolf, you—" She started to get up but Ivan wrapped a hand around her wrist and pulled her back to him.

"Don't let him get to you," he murmured in her ear, which was conveniently right by his chin. He leaned down and nipped the curve of it, playful as any wolf.

Lianne froze and Ivan grinned. So humans had sensitive ears too.

"Charles, go help weed the garden for a while," he said, not turning to face the hunter again. "I am perfectly capable of protecting the miss and the boy now."

"You sure?" Ivan heard the edge of the newspaper fold back down. "Because, I mean, I don't have the best of noses, but I am smelling all sorts of distraction coming from over there."

Lianne cringed.

"I'm sure, Charles."

"I mean, we have the pup to think of. Already been through so much. Can't scar him even—"

"Charles!" Ivan snapped, his voice a little more snarlish than he intended.

Charles clicked his tongue in disapproval, but folded his papers. "Fine, fine. As you wish, Beta. Just keep it quiet, eh? Thomas is still napping in the other room."

Lianne covered her eyes with her hands and her head fell against Ivan's chest. Embarrassment finally winning out as Charles made a show of closing the door for them.



Ivan chuckled and ran a hand down her back. "Still wanting to practise your scenting claims?" he asked, all innocence.

She pushed away from him to sit up, glaring and rubbing the edge of her ear. "Don't tease me, wolf."

Ivan laughed. He felt like a bottle of champagne had been shaken and poured into his chest; nearly giddy with the fizz in his lungs and unsure if he wanted to check the feeling. "It's all a ploy for revenge, then?" Ivan asked, still feeling himself smile, but hoping, searching under all the giddiness, for a reason to freeze that champagne back to a dead, reliably cold weight in his veins.

"Ivan..."

"No, no. Stay on your half of the quilt." Best keep her safe. Over there.

She clicked her tongue, annoyed, but crossed her ankles on her side of the blanket. She wrapped her braids in a high knot on her head and smoothed her hands down her shirt. Ivan watched her, propped on his elbow, head in his hand, and let himself savour just the sight of her for a moment. All yellow-bronzed in the morning haze.

She must have seen something in his look because she quirked a brow. "Well," she said superiorly. "If I wanted to flirt with you for revenge, I would have done it weeks ago."

"Mmm."

"And, at the time, I didn't think you were worth the risk."

"Mmhmm."

"You aren't even listening to me, wolf." Her voice chided him gently, but she slid down to lay next to him—still on her half but mimicking his pose with her head propped on a bent elbow. "My motivations are much less vengeful and much more... curious."

Curiosity had never sounded more sinful.

With her safe in her allotted purple stars, Ivan braved half a smile. "Curious to see what your lot might have been had you listened to me and chosen a mate at the start of all of this?"

"In a way..." she said, her eyes running over him and the quilted distance between them. "I don't think you know how lucky you wolves are," she was saying. "The muscle, the symmetry of face." Her hand twirled yellow flecks of dust between them as she gestured to his half of the quilt. "Just the build of you, overall. Makes me curious."

Ivan felt himself still in that wolf-sensing danger way.

His reaction made her laugh. "Fear not, Beta. It's merely a passing sort of curiosity. I mean, Thomas told me once you've taken yourself off list for mating. So you probably won't let this get too out of hand."

Something in her eyes undercut the playfulness of her tone with the barest hint of a question. "It's more complicated than that," Ivan said carefully.

He felt the gold-sweetness of the moment leaking off their quilt. So he smiled, re-situating his head to rest on his fist and tried to restore the lightheartedness of before. "There are plenty of excellent wolves out there, any of whom would be honoured to take you as a mate and satisfy any curiosity you might harbour for our... physiques."

She gave him a look that said, Ivan, you're a fool. And he was feeling it rather keenly himself.

"If I was interested in mere—hell, Ivan, I don't think I know what physique rightly means—if I were only interested in that," her look took on a cruel edge, "I'd be sleeping here with Thomas. Not you."

Ivan was amused at the thought, but found himself grabbing her hand when she went to stand to prove her point. "He's too young, Lianne. Come now, tell me he's too young."

Her brows arched in that smooth, politely indignant look. "That is for him to decide." She untangled her hand from his. "Let's get him and ask, shall we?"



She let the suggestion hover between them for a moment before scoffing a smile. She sat herself down back next to him, preening and looking smug.

To hell with it.

He grabbed her hand again and pulled her down on the blanket. With a wolf's speed he was over her, his forearms on the quilt by her head, his body tense and careful not to touch any of hers.

She blinked, her human senses taking a moment to catch up with him. Then she grinned, "If Thomas did this with me—"

Ivan had his head buried in the crook of her neck. Her skin warm and smooth like satin left in the sun. "Can we not talk about him?"

"—he'd crush me." She turned her head and kissed the corner of his mouth. "I'd much rather it be with you." Her whisper wound about him like a promise.

She snaked her arms around his neck and lifted her head to kiss him again, but Ivan moved too fast for her, hovering just an inch too high. "What did we say about kissing?" he asked scoldingly, even as he took in every inch of her beneath him.

She frowned. "That horrible conversation in the rain?"

"That's the one."

"Honestly, Ivan. At this point I doubt a kiss can make things any worse."

"Ah, yes it can." Ivan was certain of it now, closing his eyes as her fingers played with his hair at the back of his neck.

"And you were the last one to kiss me," she reminded him, a hand running down his neck and to his chest.

Ivan remembered that kiss, and the way hers tasted like hate. He stayed there for a moment, savouring her touch. Then he eased himself off her.

"What's wrong?" she asked, sitting up.

She ran a hand over his arm and he grimaced. "This isn't truly fair for you either," he said.

Her hand fell away and Ivan tried for a smile. "Whether or not your theory is correct when it comes to how I feel, you have yourself to think of—"

"I have a theory about my own heart on this too," she began, but he held up a hand.

"No. You hate wolves. And it's better that way."

"You still think that?" Her tone sharpened, either angry or hurt. "Hell, Ivan. I don't hate you. Or Curt. Or Thomas. Or Charles. Well, maybe Charles at times. But, no, don't say anything, Ivan. Listen here. I haven't felt this safe in years, even though William's closer than he's ever been. You protect me. You comfort me. To hell with the wolves—I love you!" She grit her teeth and looked away. "All of you. Really, I do."

Ivan cringed.

"Don't look at me like that," she snapped, tracing the pattern of a star on the quilt with her thumb. She pinched a fraying stitch in the fabric and the thread took three other stitches with it. "Damn it all, Ivan. You're confusing me again."

Ivan ran a hand over his face. The sun had crept up their quilt like a yellow tide. A window from the stairway was bending a ray of morning across the room. Then a cloud blotted out the light's colours in passing. And Ivan let the moment of their closeness slip away.

"I don't mean to be confusing, Lianne," he said, defeatedly.

"Well then clear this the hell up," she said, waving a hand between them. "Because I am being as clear as I damned well can be without taking off all my clothes and laying here ass-naked for you."

"Oh God." Ivan took a moment to rub the picture out of his eyes.

"Oh God is right, wolf. I get that you're taken—Pack Beta and all that. That there can be no mates or whatever. And I get that you might not want to take things further because you have to get back to your Beta-ing and don't want to leave a girl high and dry. And that is honourable, Ivan, it really is. But I don't mind just being a one time thing. A business affair, if you will. Honest, I don't. Happens all the time this side— Hell, Ivan, are you growling?"



Ivan stretched his neck and let the growl fall back in his chest. "I'm just angry," he said impartially.

She crossed her arms. "What did I say now?"

"It's nothing you said. But— hell, I wish Kate were here to explain."

"Kate? You're the damned poet. So lay it out for me."

"Okay. But you just have to try to see things from a wolf's perspective."

She nodded, her look impatient.

"So, business affairs? One time flings?" He began with a cringe. "Not in my vocabulary where you are concerned."

"Because I'm a bleeding potential?" she said it with so much venom, Ivan recoiled within himself.

"No. And yes. But, not really. Affairs and women and I just don't work. I don't know any wolf who can do them well. We're-- we're embodied creatures. We love who we make love to."

"That is not how sex works," she said. And she spoke from years of living next to the Dice and the Damsel; from sweeping the dias to the confessions of the workers next door.

not "Not always, sure. There is work for some, or horrible things like rape. God, no. Not then. But, in general, there are only two type of affairs that don't end with you all tangled up in the person you're seeing."

Her face revealed none of her thoughts. "Go on, then."

"Affairs of hate is one. Revenge." And Tatiana appeared in his mind, spitting and thrashing with anger and bitterness on the shined tiles of their bathroom floor. Ivan closed his eyes to the image. "Or selfish affairs. Ones not about the other person at all. And since it's all about you, you're only making love to yourself. Now I've done the latter. But even then I began to see her as mine. See? Embodied creatures. She gives you something and you give her something and suddenly you're... something."

"Something," Lianne repeated drily. "Please tell me there is a point to all this moralising."

"There is. Let's say she starts seeing someone else and you find yourself as jealous as hell. You realise that any claim that you had over her was no claim at all. Some sheets, some sweat, a bottle of wine. It's like all those times were... were paint you're been mixing and priming and then you turn to lay it all out and realise you have no canvas."

She watched him for a moment. "Yeah, we should call Charles in here. In lieu of your Kate." She turned to the door.

Ivan reached out a hand and gently turned her face back to him. "I'm trying to say that I can't have an affair with you because you already mean too much to me. I'd give you everything I have, and I can't afford that."

She moved his hand way from her face. "Do you not trust me?"

"Everything I have includes the Pack. I can't let that go right now. And you wouldn't so much as set foot my side of the river, let alone into the heart of my Pack. Even if you did, one day you'd wake up bored and move on."

"Bored and—? Oh, Ivan," she said, her eyes narrowing. "Now I am the one whose angry."

"Baby, it's nothing against you," he said, reaching for her. She slapped his hand away. "It's just a wolf-human dilemma. Forever isn't part of your world view."

"Ivan!" She tossed up her hands. "Do you even hear yourself?"

Ivan opened his mouth, but her glare cut him off.

"Do you know how offensive that sounds? I mean, you might as well be the man that Betsy had from the other side. 'You're good, Bet. But forever isn't for your kind.' - He didn't think she'd last because she was a prostitute — 'I'll help support the kid though.' When she would have married him!" She stood. "No! Don't say anything. Honestly. Off the quilt, wolf. I said, off."

prostitute married

Ivan stood and offered to help her fold the blanket but she shot him a look that chilled him to the bone. And there was a glint of tears in her eyes.

Ivan stood back by the master bed.

She folded the quilt and tossed it on the armchair Charles had occupied. In a swoosh of wrinkled skirts, she left the room with an air that expected him to follow.

Her knuckles were pale on the banister as she marched down the stairs. Her anger carried her down the flight in a churning silence. Then, "It's not that I want to marry you—believe me," she said over her shoulder.

"And that is the problem, Lianne."

"Oh, please, Ivan. You practically said you'd never so much as dream of marrying me!"

"That is not what I said." Ivan followed her into the kitchen.

not "Well, would you?" She spun on him, her skirts catching in an arch, and her eyes fierce.

They stared at each other for a moment. Ivan couldn't get the answer out right away and in the stretch of his silence her question grew disproportionately too large for them to handle.

She looked away from him, flustered. Her eye caught on dirty pans left from Thomas' dinner attempts the night before and she was off again. Cleaning and cursing and as angry as a bee jostled in her hive.

"Forever isn't in my vocabulary," she muttered through her teeth, scraping at the pan with a vengeance.

That was not what Ivan has said, he was pretty sure. Ivan leaned on the counter, hesitant to offer help. "I don't mean you're not capable of forever. Only that you haven't had to think about it before. And I am definitely not the person to start you down that path."

capable She banged a pot into the sink. "You're right," she said tightly. "I haven't thought about forever. But that isn't a privilege we get this side. Here, we work, we drink and we die. It's get up and keep living. Forever? Please. Tomorrow is a luxury. So to push me aside because you don't think I could handle it is—" she cut herself off with a shake of her head.

"All I am saying is that what you think you might want with me—"

She cast him a look that dared him to bring up what she wanted.

"Don't just pretend it's about sex—forgive my bluntness." Ivan remembered the pinch around her eyes when she teased him for not taking a mate and held his ground. "You said it yourself. It's about safety and, well, and me. And it's probably a little bit about the chance of mates for life. You'd be okay with giving that some non-committal attempt. But the second things iced over, you wouldn't hesitate too pry yourself out of the for-life bit. And I'd be left with the pain of that."

She set both hands on the lip of the sink and glared at dirty water swilling down the drain. "You think you know it all, don't you?"

She sounded so angry, Ivan didn't know how to answer.

She turned back to the dishes, carefully dosing out a drop of soap for her sponge and kneading it until it lathered white. "It's your wolf breed thing, isn't it?" she said, starting with the pan. "About how you think you always know the things people are feeling."

Ivan hesitated again and decided to clear the assortment of teacups and plates around the counter to the sink in lieu of a response.

"Set them there, please." She gestured with her soapy sponge. "See, you are right about a good deal of it," she said, dangerously impartial. "It's not about sex. Well, it's not just about sex anyway. I do like you. And I, for the first time in my life, wouldn't be scared to live with someone if it were you." She rinsed the pot and handed it to Ivan to dry. "I didn't have one nightmare while we slept there. Did you catch that? Not one."

are just

Ivan had noticed. She was cleaning a knife now, her sponge scrubbing the blade with vigour. As if she could scour away this whole conversation between them.

"So you were right about that part. And I'm a little curious about the for life-bit. Waking up to you all playful in the mornings? Fine by me!" Her tone darkened. "But me, 'prying ' myself out of a relationship as soon as it 'ices over'? Hell, Ivan." The knife slipped and she nicked the knuckle of her thumb. It barely bled but she absently dabbed at the suds in the cut with a dishtowel, her expression shrinking into sadness. "Was it something I said or did? I mean, where the hell did you read that in me?"

' Ivan blinked.

"That's right." She winced a little at the soap in her cut and ran her hand under the water. "You don't know if I'd stick it out or not. I'm a remarkably stubborn woman— no, back off. I'm fine. I'm doing the dishes, and you're drying."

"How about I do the dishes, and you... cook or something?" Ivan gently pried the knife from her grip.

She huffed, but relented, snatching a towel to dry her hands.

Ivan took over the dishes. "That was an unfair thing of me to say, I can see that now." Tatiana had embittered him more than he had realised.

There was a pause.

"You're thinking of someone, aren't you? I can see you getting angry behind that Beta-mask."

Ivan was surprised. "I was thinking of someone."

"Who? The affair lady with the sweat and the wine?"

He blinked, half-amused at the sourness in her tone but caught off guard to have been noticed. "No." He hadn't though of Shannon in years. "But I can't say who." He gently laid out the knife to dry on the towel he's spread on the counter.

Lianne's expression pinched in distaste. "Don't, then." She was leaning against the counter by the sink, her arms crossed, her jaw set. "There's one couple I know who've stuck it out this side. The, the forever-bit, I mean. Name's the Gambles. Live in Sailor's Belt."

Ivan nodded.

"I healed the Mrs, once, several years go. They're both ancient, and her heart wasn't beating straight." Lianne shook her head. "I don't know much else though, about the forever side of things. So you're right to keep me at arms length." She looked up to the ceiling as if she were stopping tears. "All that's just too serious for me right now. What with William and... everything."

Even though he knew that was the case, had said as much himself, he felt something precious in him unravel and drift away as she spoke. He hadn't known he'd held the thought of her and him so close. He swallowed and made himself say, "I'm sorry."

She put her small hand on his forearm while he cleaned. Ivan let the water run a minute, watching her thumb draw a circle on his skin.

"No. I'm sorry." She took her hand away. "The Pack and the potential and all that. I was foolish to push it."

Ivan made sure he caught her eye. "You do know it's not just because you're a potential, right?"

She looked away. Her eyes were sad and salted with a bitterness but she shrugged.

Ivan turned back to the dishes. "Well, it's not," he said with certainty.

There was so much more he wanted to say. About her, sweet and brave to scold him. Hell, brave to touch him—the Beta of the White Pined Woods. No one dared scold or brush a hand through his hair like she did, not any more. And about her look when she was angry and her lips and her face, all radiant with smiles as she laughed at him. And that he might even start liking this-side coffee if only because it tasted like her.

But he was tired.

And she was tired.

And there was no point in unwrapping all the layers of her and him and the Pack and the river between them and when they'd only come to the same conclusion.

Lianne pushed off the counter and busied herself with a mixing bowl and some flour. Ivan kept up with the dishes she passed him and they both worked in the kitchen in a sad sort of quiet. But it was a comfortable quiet, and her hand always brushed his when she came to sink for water, and he savoured her scent as it mingled with the soap and the dough she made.

While he dried the counter, their conversation replaying in his head, he remembered her prayer the night before.

'Report on Celeste and the twins,' he requested.

'Report on Celeste and the twins,' 'Beta, I tried to reach you earlier. But only got to Charles and Thomas.'

'Beta, I tried to reach you earlier. But only got to Charles and Thomas.' 'And?'

'And?' 'We got all the blades and blood bags ready, and then Celeste cried out and, and Beta. I swear, it's a miracle. Two babies within the hour! Both healthy! Celeste tired, but glowing. A boy and a girl. Named them Alice and David, Beta. Just like you asked. Even Alpha came down to see the family himself.'

'We got all the blades and blood bags ready, and then Celeste cried out and, and Beta. I swear, it's a miracle. Two babies within the hour! Both healthy! Celeste tired, but glowing. A boy and a girl. Named them Alice and David, Beta. Just like you asked. Even Alpha came down to see the family himself.' Ivan folded the dish towel with slow, deliberate movements. 'Thank you, doctor,' he said.

'Thank you, doctor,' Lianne caught him watching her while she scraped the last bits of dough from the bowl. She raised a brow at him and offered the doughy-spoon. "You want some, then?"

Ivan watched her a second more. Her braids in their high bun, the soft fullness of her cheeks, her shirt still wrinkled from sleep. And he smiled a little at her, slowly shaking his head. "I'll hold off," he said gently.

She made a face at his tone, but handed the bowl to him to wash. Ivan watched it fill with hot water and poured another dose of soap in the sink. With a sigh that seemed only to rearrange rather than displace the weight in his chest, Ivan returned to the scalding water and the scrubbing.





__________

It's up. And long.

As always, thank you for your patience! I will be posting now on a when I can schedule. Had to give up the dreams of finishing before the wattys. *sniff* But we're close!!!

Comment and Vote if you liked it. <3

Next Update... hopefully sometime next week.

xx





39. Iron and Lace


Curt didn't wake up until that evening and Lianne immediately started on dinner.





At the smell of food, Thomas emerged from his nap with rumpled clothes and a shadow of stubble and Charles returned from his weeding duty in the garden. Lianne scolded the hunter for weeding out a perfectly happy mint plant and insisted he replant it, no matter how much he complained about the mosquitos.

Be it the food or the scare of Curt's silent slumber finally passing, the house seemed to take on a new light. The warm smell of biscuits, eggs and plenty of bacon chased away the mildew. And the sunset's rays made dances of the dust. Even the cobwebs in corners became a lace filigree of gold as the sun spun yellow lines over the cold blue tiles Curt had cried on only a few hours before.

"We're eating in the master bedroom," Lianne announced. "Thomas, love, spread out the quilt by the chair."

Curt was sitting up now, slumped in bed and quiet. His eyes darting from person to person as his fingers fiddled with the ties of his shifters with too much nervous energy.

"Curt can make it to the table downstairs," Ivan said.

"Nonsense." Lianne smiled at Curt. She stood by the bedside like a loyal nurse and swiped a fond hand though the pup's light hair. "I was always made to stay on the couch a full day after being sick. This is no different."

Thomas grimaced at her babying. He'd made no move for the quilt. "He was more than just sick, Lady."

Hand still in Curt's hair, Lianne pinned the brawler a look like a dart. "Indulge me then, wolf." She softened back toward Curt. "You okay with the armchair?"

Curt watched Lianne like she were an apparition of the Mother of Goodness herself. While that purple armchair still looked like the most precarious corner of the house and it's fabric had been shredded by mice to mere clumps of stuffing, the scout dipped his head to Lianne in a sheepish nod.

Thomas gave Curt a look of disgust, but unfurled the quilt folded on the chair. "Women," he said, superiorly. "All whims and ways to make you do as they say."

"Someday you won't mind as much, pup," Ivan said. He had positioned himself by the threshold, trying not to smother the pup.

"I still mind!" Charles came in from the bathroom, having washed away the grime of the garden off his neck and shoulders. A speckling of mosquito bites puckered the skin on his arms. "For a sickly mint plant, that woman fed me to the wolves!"

"Ha, ha, Charles." Lianne crossed the room to help Thomas spread the red and purple stars back over the floor. "When you're done being clever, take that Beta of yours downstairs and bring the food up from the kitchen."

Charles halfheartedly curled a lip at her, preoccupied with a bite on his wrist. "No gratitude," he murmured. "And here I thought I wanted a Luna."

Ivan straightened off the threshold and Thomas froze in adjusting the blanket's corner. Even Curt tensed.

Ivan kept his stance loose and pushed a chuckle from his chest. "Watch yourself, hunter." He warned with a smile. When Charles turned his pouting snarl on his Beta, Ivan laughed as if he didn't see the hunter under the mischief and gestured to the door. "You heard the Lady. Downstairs."

And so they brought up her platters and bowls from the kitchen and ate with candlesticks spilling roots of wax on the quilt and the mosquitoes tangled in the net of shadows above their heads. Lianne had made upward of thirty biscuits, three dozen eggs, and three slabs of bacon.

She'd eaten a hearty amount for a human - to maintain her curves, she explained, reaching for her fourth. But the wolves had eaten every other crumb she left, licking the egg yolk and bacon grease from their fingers.



Thomas told stories of his old pack and her fierce alpha of a mother. Ivan remembered his first training years and even Charles offered a story from his good days before rank in a pack, one with far too much blood, too many women and a rather alarming amount of booze.

They all pretended they weren't watching as they spoke, but Curt was kept in the corner of their eyes. He had slowly settled into the armchair, all eyes and ears and careful, measured bites.

Lianne sat at his feet, and Curt made sure his legs were folded beneath him so as not touch her. But when she laughed, her braids and neck brushing his knee, he didn't move away. Just watched her, and sometimes shadowed a smile.

William had torn up everything about Curt right out of the ground. But, here, in in the half-light of the evening on this hideous quilt, he was being tucked back into the soil of the Pack. Story, laughter, Thomas being slapped on the back of the head, Lianne loosening her stays and complaining about eating too much.

Curt caught his Beta watching. Ivan smiled and Curt answered with a twitch of his lips.

William would come in the morning. And, before that, Ivan needed to obtain new oaths of loyalty from his wolves and freshen up the blood-claims on the torn shirt he'd left with them the night before.

But for tonight, Ivan leaned back on his forearms, his eyes lingering on Lianne and her satisfied sort of smile. Tonight, he's just let it all be.





William didn't come the next morning as he'd promised. But the Pack certainly kept Ivan busy in his stead.

The royals wanted immediate contracts and promises now that Cutting River was moving out. Ivan had delegated that to Theodore, and a runner boy had dropped off the Gamma's drafts around ten in the morning.

On top of the contracts' review and refinement (Theo was only a smidge more tactful than Charles) a new trainer needed his program approval, five new families required entry interviews and budgets for the cafeteria, royal uniforms and new hunting house in the woods awaited his attention.

Kate was an angel. She'd sent a second runner boy with a thermos of his favourite coffee. Nothing else; no note, no explanation. Just a thermos big enough to hold three strong cups brew, black as death itself, but not as sharp and watery as the stuff here.

Later, he understood her thoughtfulness; Kate's compassion was never kind, only strategic.

She confirmed that the dwindling supply of wolfsbane was from Alpha and that rumours of their Alpha's drink had started shadowing the Beltan's Teeth news.

Beltan's Teeth Ivan took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes.

Charles absentmindedly spun the library's globe by his chair, it creaked and wobbled for the hunter's attention. They'd retired in the study for the night; Ivan worked and Charles pretended to keep his eyes on the portrait of winter wolves on the wall while really monitoring his Beta.

"Need anything killed?" Charles asked, sipping at the mug of coffee he'd pilfered from Ivan's supply.

Ivan grimaced a smile. "How about my brother when he comes?"

"Hm." Charles licked the coffee from his lips and spun the frail globe with a claw. "Sure thing, Beta."

Ivan stretched his back, his gaze drifting to the couch in the corner where Lianne still slept with the quilt pulled over her head to block the light. No one had asked her to stay in sight; she seemed to instinctively know to stay near the wolves.



Charles stopped the squeaky globe, following Ivan's look. "What time you think he'll come?" the hunters voice fell to softer ranges.

"I thought right before dawn," Ivan answered, just as quiet. "He loves to shave the bare edge off his promises. Waiting is awful unlike him. I don't like it."

Charles swirled the coffee in his mug, watching Ivan from the corner of his eye in that hunter way. As if his Beta were the real unpredictable variable, not his beast of a brother.

Alpha's voice broke through the link. ' Cutting River just left Beltan's gates. I had a runner and scout on them all night. They packed up their women and their tents and left. Coast is clear.'

Cutting River just left Beltan's gates. I had a runner and scout on them all night. They packed up their women and their tents and left. Coast is clear.' Ivan took another long swig of coffee from his teacup. ' Good. Thank you, Alpha.'

Good. Thank you, Alpha.' 'What time will you be back?'

'What time will you be back?' Ivan set his cup on the table, taking his time to align the little feet of the teacup with the grain of the wood. ' William hasn't come yet, Alpha .'

William hasn't come yet, Alpha 'Because he just left Beltan's borders.'

'Because he just left Beltan's borders.' 'Do you have Cutting River's assurance that William is with them? Was he seen by your scout?'

'Do you have Cutting River's assurance that William is with them? Was he seen by your scout?' 'You're fixating, Ivan.' Alpha's anger pressed through the link.

'You're fixating, Ivan.' Ivan thought it would be best to take this conversation outside. While no one could hear it but himself, Ivan knew his face would betray his temper. And Charles seemed to be watching for it.

"Excuse me." He re-poured his coffee and headed downstairs for the front door.

He waited until the door closed behind him. 'Beg pardon, Alpha. But I am not fixating,' he said, sitting himself on the front steps.

'Beg pardon, Alpha. But I am not fixating,' 'You are. Your family does this. You get something in your sights and then you can't let it go.'

'You are. Your family does this. You get something in your sights and then you can't let it go.' Ivan set his teacup next to him before the handle cracked in his grip. ' That is my point. Will won't let her go. He'll stay here until she's his again.'

That is my point. Will won't let her go. He'll stay here until she's his again.' 'I cannot have my Beta indefinitely guarding some girl on the other side. You are needed here, Ivan.'

'I cannot have my Beta indefinitely guarding some girl on the other side. You are needed here, Ivan.' Ivan knew that was true. But, ' We have a contract with her.'

We have a contract with her.' 'A piece of paper. Even if my wolves could be bound by ink, that contract ended the moment Cutting River left our territory. Now if he comes after her, it's a rogue attack and none of our business.'

'A piece of paper. Even if my wolves could be bound by ink, that contract ended the moment Cutting River left our territory. Now if he comes after her, it's a rogue attack and none of our business.' Ivan lowered his head into his hands, his elbows on his knees. A rogue attack. None of their business.

'Ivan?'

'Ivan?' 'I'm here.'

'I'm here.' 'Just come home, alright? Tatiana, she...'

'Just come home, alright? Tatiana, she...' Ivan squeezed his eyes shut, tightening his hands in his hair. He felt a weight, heavier than the weight of all the Pack combined, strapped to his chest. What the hell was it now?

'... She's talking about giving the press an interview before she leaves,' Alpha said.

She's talking about giving the press an interview before she leaves,' The pop of a camera flash, as white as teeth, in the infirmary's lobby bit him from his memory. Followed by a ghosted image of Lewis, twisted with hate and bitterness, offering Ivan a drink. The numbers of their wolfsbane inventory seemed to slosh in that glass of bourbon. And the weight around Ivan tightened, squeezing his ribs and his lungs.

'I hope she doesn't, Alpha,' Ivan said, then, because he had to, he asked, ' The drink, Alpha?'

'I hope she doesn't, Alpha,' The drink, Alpha?' 'Just get home, Ivan, ' Alpha said after a moment, desperation and anger shortening his tone. Kate was asking the same thing with that thermos of coffee.

'Just get home, Ivan, Heaven knew he was trying.

'I can't just leave her to a rogue attack. Please. He won't last long. Just let me stay until sundown.'

'I can't just leave her to a rogue attack. Please. He won't last long. Just let me stay until sundown.' 'Until sundown,' Alpha agreed, with a growl. ' But then you have to let that girl go, Ivan. Remember who you are.'

'Until sundown,' But then you have to let that girl go, Ivan. Remember who you are.' Ivan pulled at his hair. ' Always, Alpha.'

Always, Alpha.' And the pressure of the link on his mind vanished. Ivan sat there for a moment, head between his knees, his teacup lonely on the step next to him.

The front door opened.

He knew by her scent who she was before she leaned down to pick up the coffee. She sat next to him, all wrapped like a caterpillar in her quilt that smelled like bacon.

"Your coffee is cold," Lianne informed him, after sampling a little from the cup's rim.

Ivan didn't say anything.

Autumn had lost it's summer coat and was beginning to shiver a chill in the mornings. He watched, head still bowed, as Lianne tucked her toes in the folds of her blanket.

"It'll be alright, Ivan," she said, after watching him a moment. She tugged on the quilt and leaned her head on his shoulder. "We'll figure it out."

"I can't..." Ivan's voice barely squeezed past the weight on his shoulders. "Let him win."

"I know, love. He won't." She wriggled some in her quilt and pulled out her Fur Splitter. "I've got a few settings on here I am dying to try out when he comes."

Ivan smiled a little. "Where do you even keep that?"

"Don't ask questions you don't want the answer to. Now, see here? This one is electric shrapnel bits coated in wolfsbane." She turned the dial, her head tilting a little with the angle of the arrow. "Acid is here—in neat little pellets that burst once in the skin. Or, this one, a bunch of toothed little needles. With poison."

"What sort of poison?"

She shrugged. "I'm sure I chose something with a bite."

"Hm." He watched her turn the gun over in her hand. "How does all that fit in one pistol?"

She opened the butt of the gun to show him. "All these are little chambers for different settings. Makes the damn thing as heavy as a stack of bricks. But it allows some flexibility of choice according to your mood."

"I see." He was smiling a little now.

She handed him his coffee. "Drink up there, wolf, and come inside. Waiting out here won't let us kill him any faster."

Ivan was beginning to feel stupid for waiting here at all. If he were William he'd hold off until he wasn't expected any more.

Then again—Ivan sipped his cold coffee—he still wouldn't put simply ringing the door bell and demanding Lianne hogtied and ready for pick-up past his brother.

He took a deep breath of the autumn chill and straightened a fraction. The garden was moody and drooping with the weather, but it was a green and pretty sort of wild, with ivy climbing the trees and the high iron bars in the distance wrapped in a lace of leaves.

Ivan put his arm around Lianne's shoulder and drew her to him. After a brief moment of hesitation, he kissed the top of her head, and turned back to the garden before she could question him.

She seemed to understand and sank deeper into his side. "I guess a few more minutes outside won't hurt," she murmured, then, "... as long as you share that cold coffee of yours."

Ivan laughed and passed her the teacup.





___________________________________

A little early.

A little early. Maybe I'll try to finish for the Wattys??? If so. We'll be posting a lot soon.

Maybe I'll try to finish for the Wattys??? If so. We'll be posting a lot soon. Comment and Vote if you liked it. ;) <3



Comment and Vote if you liked it. ;) <3





40. Veins and Marble


'It's sundown, Ivan. I need this to be done. You and your wolves. Out, now.'



'It's sundown, Ivan. I need this to be done. You and your wolves. Out, now.'

'All of them?' Ivan dared ask.

'All of them?' 'Question me again and I'll see it as a challenge.' Alpha's voice came with a snarl.

'Question me again and I'll see it as a challenge.' Damn.

His wolves were watching him. The sky had paled to a sickly pink, and now the last rays of sun were twisting over the horizon in thin veins of red. Sundown.

Ivan's eyes found Lianne's first; she stood behind the couch in the corner, her fingers tight on the dark wooden spine. Ivan had refused to pace, and sat, legs outstretched, by the library table. His fist was against his chin, his other arm crossed over his midriff.

"You have to go, don't you?" she asked, resigned.

Ivan watched her for a moment. Then, "Yes."

Charles spun the library's globe in its pronged stand. It squealed and squeaked in the silence.

Thomas was standing, his big hands splayed on the meeting table. "I'll stay and watch her, Beta. You won't be let down."

"He wants all of us back," Ivan said, forcing himself to sit up. He straightened his trousers—the nice, human sort, not shifters—and stood.

One of Thomas' hands wrapped into a fist. "That selfish bastard," he growled.

Charles reached out and stopped the globe midspin, his cutting to Ivan.

"He's your, Alpha, Thomas," Ivan said, more tired than angry. "You will watch what you say."

Thomas turned his head away to snarl at the wall.

Ivan put some force into his voice. "Hear me, Thomas? I plan on getting you off probation. Don't screw this up."

"Yes, Beta," Thomas swallowed down his temper and bowed his head.

"Good." Ivan turned to Curt. The pup sat on the couch, subconsciously guarding Lianne. He was the sort of pale that made his skin tinge purple, the pallor laced over his bones with green veins like marble. "You still want to go through with this?" he asked.

Curt tugged on the fringe of the pillow on his lap, but tilted up his chin with dead certainty. "I do, Beta."

Ivan nodded for a moment, considering the look in the pup's eye. "They might not let you back in."

"Back in what?" Lianne's voice was testy as her fingers pressed into the yellow pleating of the couch's border. "Curt?"

Curt turned, giving Lianne a stretch of his throat. "I went feral, yesterday. So, administratively, I am in a grey area."

"He means he's not pack anymore," Thomas snapped with empathetic bitterness. "Well, he is. But he needs to be reinstated before he can take orders."

Lianne turned to Curt, braids slipping from her shoulder to her chest. "So you'll stay then?"

Curt bared his throat again, as if he were still too feral to remember how to bow. "This way I can report to Beta if anything goes wrong."

Lianne pieced together the ramifications. "You'd be here when, when William. Ivan, no. You can't let him." She rounded the couch to give Ivan a dead-set look.

"That is not your prerogative," Curt said firmly. He set the cushion on his lap aside and stood slowly. Thin, tall and so, so young. Curt caught Ivan's look and lifted a marble-veined shoulder in a shrug. "Or the Beta's really. I decide what I want." But there; Curt unfolded from the couch with a spine of determination Ivan hadn't seen in the scout before.



Lianne turned back to Curt so fast her skirt unsettled a wave of dust from the carpet. "I don't know what the hell prerogative means, but I damned well think I have one this situation. It's me he's after!"

Curt inclined his head again to her, hiding his eyes that were just a glimmer too feral. "And it was me he got, Luna."

Thomas looked away with a grimace at the title and Charles sharpened another look on Ivan. But Ivan couldn't bring himself to scold the pup. "You'll swear to protect her, at all costs."

"I swear it."

"You'll swear to take no unnecessary risks with your own life."

"I swear it."

Ivan, though tired, straightened his slumped shoulders to a posture more fitting of his rank. "Do you submit to me and my authority?"

"I do, Beta." Curt's hands shook, but he took a knee and bared his throat to the side, his eyes on the ground.

It twisted Ivan's heart to see him all bent double, his arms striped with scars the wolfsbane hadn't let heal right.

Curt's voice was choked, yet determined. "You are father and alpha to me, Ivan. I will keep you and yours safe with my life."

Ivan was quiet for so long, Curt glanced up. Ivan made himself say something. "Theatrics won't help the situation, pup," but his voice was tighter than normal. He cleared his throat. "I can only pardon you that because you're not fully Pack at the moment."

Curt stood, not looking chagrined in the slightest.

Ivan turned to give Charles and Thomas a cursory look. Charles' eyes had that nearly greedy fire in them again."You will repeat his slip-up to no one," he said, his voice commanding.

Lianne titled an alarmed, questioning glance to Thomas.

"It's because he called him Alpha, Lady," Thomas answered softly. "He's just Beta."

"Curt," Ivan said, "Don't look at them. Look at me." Ivan stepped forward. "If he comes—you remember this."

Curt was tall, his eyes only a few inches below Ivan's. But he didn't move, didn't so much as raise his eyes, as Ivan loomed before him—toe to toe.

"You are my wolf, Curt." Ivan took a strip of fabric he'd cut earlier that evening, slit a vein, and sopped up his blood in the cotton.

Curt watched as Ivan fisted the blood-wet wrap in his hand and held it between them.

"This is a blood claim. You keep this close and if he tells you anything you don't like, you breathe this in and remember he has no say over you. You're my wolf. Not his."

Curt bared his throat again. "As you say, Beta."

"Good." Ivan put a hand on Curt's shoulder and leaned his head against the pup's warm brow for a moment. The scout's soft hair brushed Ivan's temple. Everything in him said this was wrong. Leaving a woman and pup to the psychopath that was his brother. Ivan breathed in the boy's scent one last time and pulled away.

Curt bared his teeth in what might have been a smile or a snarl. "He'll not win Ivan."

Ivan stood there a moment, then bared his teeth himself and goodnaturedly tugged the pup's ear. "See to it, then, scout."

A hand to his ear and, nearly smiling, Curt stepped to the side, letting Ivan turn to Lianne.

"Well," Charles said in a jarringly jolly tone. "This is about to get too sappy for me. So I'll just take myself outside. Eh, boys?" the hunter spun the squealing globe one last time and sauntered from the room.



Thomas bowed formally to Lianne and followed and lastly Curt shut the library door behind them. Soon it was him and the Lady, alone.

She stood there in the swirling dust and blood-red light of the library, watching him with her held tilted a fraction and her arms wrapped around herself like she was cold.

"Lianne," Ivan tried, but words failed him.

"I know," she said proudly. And then she gave a little sniff of tears.

Ivan hesitantly offered her his hand.

And she broke and came to him, tucking herself into his chest. He wrapped his long arms around her, bending down so that he could put his lips on her head and wishing he could just envelop her completely.

"Lianne, baby, I'm so sorry," was all he said.

She shook her head against him, her tears seeping through his simple button-up. "It's who you are," she said. "It's okay."

Ivan felt a resentment in him that wrapped around his throat at her words. But forced it back with another kiss on her head.

'You better be hauling ass to report to me, Beta of the White Pined Woods,' came Alpha's voice.

'You better be hauling ass to report to me, Beta of the White Pined Woods,' But Ivan just tilted up Lianne's chin and kissed her like it was last time he'd see her. It probably was. And, hell, that hurt to think.

He took in the taste of her and tried to press as much of his own in her mouth as he could. He pulled back. She was crying, and her eyes were closed. She bit her lip and opened those tear-sodden lashes.

Ivan's heart just about leaked out of his chest. "Lianne, I-"

But she shook her head. "Don't tell me," she said, standing on her tiptoes to kiss his jaw. "Come back and tell me then and we can have a proper goodbye."

Ivan gathered her to him and let himself take in deep her scent at the base of her neck. He breathed it in like a man about to drown. "This might be the goodbye," he said.

'Ivan, do you hear me?'

'Ivan, do you hear me?' Lianne's hand gently ran down his cheek. And she ducked under his head to kiss the pulse in his neck. "Just come back to kill him for me, like you promised." She pulled back and looked him square in the eye. "If I thought you marking me would keep William off me just one more night, I'd have you do it in an instant."

That hate he'd drank from her lips the morning before was back in her voice, and it hit him like a slap. Somehow, it was still all about William.

Ivan ran his hands down her arms one more time, and then pulled away. ' I hear you, Alpha. I know my place.'

I hear you, Alpha. I know my place.' Curt took his place by Lianne's side on the front steps as Ivan left the house.

Ivan turned back, just before the path to the gates began. "Curt, do you remember when I tried to influence you when you were feral?"

Curt's eyes went cold. "I do."

"You just about crawled out of your skin. It's like an allergic reaction. He pumped too much into you, and your mind won't take anymore." He made sure Curt was looking him in the eye. "You hear me? Even now. Your mind won't take it. You'll be fine."

Curt bared his throat. "Don't worry, Beta. I've got her."

It wasn't just about her. But Ivan didn't say that.

Charles and Thomas waited patiently up the path. Ivan sighed, decided he was too tired to get undressed, and let the shift come over him. He breathed in deep Thorn's Noose and shook out his wolf's mane. This time the shift felt like a final crack and release of tension. All the wolf out after keeping it all in so long.

Charles stripped and in a flurry of brown-gold fur, stood on all fours behind Ivan.

Thomas turned before he shifted. "You shoot that bastard if he comes calling, Lady Lianne." She caught the pants he kicked towards the door. "And not with the peashooter neither. The big one."

She smiled and waved the gun at them. "Watch your gamma, eh?" She sniffed a laugh. "And I'll see you soon, then." Her eyes left Thomas to find Ivan's.

"And Curt, pup." Thomas took the path backwards, naked now. "You protect our Lady, you hear?"

Curt's lip lifted in a snarl. "Enough, brawler. Get your ass furry and go!"

"Scaring the whole neighbourhood," Lianne agreed, tucking her arm in the crook of Curt's. "Travel safe, then."

'And quietly ,' Ivan growled at Thomas. ' Will might be too stupid to sniff out our absence.' He doubted it, but it was worth a little care regardless.

'And quietly Will might be too stupid to sniff out our absence.' Thomas shifted and a hunk of great, black-pelted muscle stood in his place. He snapped his teeth in Curt's direction just to show off. The wolf was the size of the shed out back. Ivan felt a prick of amusement mix with his annoyance. Subtlety really was a long shot where Thomas was involved.

Ivan turned back to Lianne and bowed his head to her. She smiled.

Then, with a run down the overgrown path and a leap over the spear-headed iron, they were gone.





_______

_______ And so the end begins.



And so the end begins.

Hold on to your hats ladies and gents, because we're in for a wild ride in the next few days!

Hold on to your hats ladies and gents, because we're in for a wild ride in the next few days! Comment and Vote if you liked it. ;)

Comment and Vote if you liked it. ;)





41. Cufflinks and Steel


"He wants you upstairs immediately," Kate told him. She'd been waiting for them in the reception office and chose not to speak until the elevator doors were closed safely behind them. Charles and Thomas, of course, joined without being asked. "And you'll require more than shifters for the event you'll be attending."





Ivan stared suspiciously at the dress slacks, button-up, waistcoat and tie she passed him. "Event? I have matters to attend to."

"If it's urgent, I'll handle it," Kate said. Even in the grainy reflection of the lift's stainless steel walls, she looked more... starched stiff than normal.

She carefully watched the elevator's arrow climb its way up floor by floor. "I was invited," she said warily. "But I chose not to attend."

Charles leaned back on his bare heels. "Chose not to attend," he repeated with a low whistle. "Sounds like my sort of event."

Kate's eyes flicked to him, annoyed. The hunter seemed the only person able to irritate her to the point of showing it. "Indeed," she said drily.

"Will I need dress clothes too?" Thomas asked, his big, bare chest seeming to take up half the elevator.

"No. Only Beta will be attending," Kate said firmly. Then her lips twitched in what might have been a grimace; she tilted her head to bare her throat to Ivan. "If Beta sees fit. I only brought clothes for one."

Ivan wrapped the silk tie she'd brought him around his knuckles. The sterile smell of the Offices, the hidden musk of wolves and the distant whiff of some secretary's perfume was more jarring for Ivan than he'd expected. Just hours ago he was sitting in mildew and dust and golden cobwebs.

With a sigh that shut that old house back behind its iron bars, Ivan handed the clothes to Charles so he could shrug on the perfectly creaseless, grey button-up.

"Thomas can come. And Charles too if he wants. The queen herself can't expect wolves pulled off the field on such short notice to arrive in full attire."

Kate's face shuttered into impassivity and she resumed her careful study of the arrow's climb. Three more floors to go. Two.

"It's not the queen you'll be seeing," Kate muttered, right as the door dinged their arrival. Her timing might have been to cover the pinch in her tone, but Ivan paused in tucking in his shirt, surprised.

Kate refused to look at him. Ivan returned his attention on his waistcoat's buttons before the hunter or brawler could ask questions. "Thomas, with me."

Kate held the door while the brawler and Beta dismounted.

"Charles," she called sharply when the hunter made to follow.

Charles turned back to her. Ivan could only imagine his grin as he stepped backward off the lift, slowly to taunt her. "Sorry, Katie, love. Beta's words. Gotta go. And if it's not the queen visiting Alpha, it might be someone I like, you know?"

Kate breathed through bared teeth—almost a growl—and stepped out of the lift after Charles.

The hunter laughed victoriously and Kate snapped her teeth at him.

"I'm not going in. I refuse to see..." She glanced at Alpha's door, looming large and barricaded in the stairwell, and clenched her teeth. "But, Beta, please. At least tie the tie properly."

Ivan held still while her long fingers wove an intricate knot in the black silk around his neck. Charles might find Kate endearing when she finally cracked enough to show emotion. But Ivan personally found it disturbing. Something behind that door had his Delta scared. And Kate feared very little.

She fiddled longer than necessary with his collar. Her big dark eyes glanced up at him, then away again. "Just be careful, Beta," she said, almost baring her teeth at him. "We need you."

Before she could move away, Ivan leaned forward and rested his head on hers. She started, but held still, smelling of ginger and lemon—the tea she drank in the evenings. Ivan kept his breath steady and waited until her heart, frigid but fracturing like ice, eased to a normal rhythm.

Ivan pulled away and lifted one corner of his mouth in a rueful smile. "When am I not careful, Delta?"

She frowned at him but jerked her chin to the door. "In, then. I'll wait downstairs."

Something about the interaction sobered Charles. Kate left in a swish of proud skirts and Charles' smile faded, his hunter shoulders pulling back and winding muscle around bone like a spring in a piston.

Thomas' big knuckles wrapped on the door. "Beta of the White Pine Woods," he announced in that booming, brawler way, oblivious to the ranked wolves' tension as someone inside fiddled with the door's lock.

Charles cracked his neck and Ivan pretended to straighten Kate's immaculately straight tie. 'Report,' he demanded of Curt over the link. He'd think better if Lianne was out of his head.

'Report,' 'Nothing yet. Might be safe for the night,' Curt confirmed. The link felt garbled, but it was there all the same. And strong enough for the scout to press an image into Ivan's mind. Lianne sloshed water from a kettle into a pot full of sickly mint leaves and snapped some bossy comment in Curt's direction.

'Nothing yet. Might be safe for the night,' Ivan could almost feel the warmth of the steam, smell the sharp sweetness of the tea—

Alpha's door swung outwards on well-oiled hinges and Ivan grit his teeth, severing the connection to the scout and tucking the image of Lianne as far away from his mind as he could bear. He tugged at his embroidered waistcoat, straightened his shoulders in their fine-pressed grey fabric and twisted his cufflinks into better symmetry. Then, with a clip of his spotless dress shoes, Ivan brushed past to the maid at the door and entered Alpha's flat, his wolves flanking either side.

___________________________

Brace yourselves, loved ones. It all comes tonight.



Brace yourselves, loved ones. It all comes tonight. Comment and Vote if you liked it. :)



Comment and Vote if you liked it. :)





42. Lipstick and Scotch


The queen was indeed not present. Or, at least, so Ivan hoped, for the sake of her City of Beltan.

The flat was as Ivan remembered it. Harsh pinks, bright oranges and oppressively dark stained wood. But new colours had been added to Alpha's decor. Yellow feathered boas, purple sequins dresses, red fishnet tights. Ivan was careful not to react as he took in Alpha's guests with impersonal distance.

Sixteen total—wolves and humans, males and females. Various wolves of rank, dressed in finery similar to his. Only ties and waistcoats had long been discarded, checkering the pink carpet with silks and satins of various shades. All looked upon Ivan's entrance with alarm; caught mid-drink, mid-play, mid-pour. Only the gramophone waltzed on, serenading forgotten booze, sex and cards with a sultry piano.

One of the humans stumbled from the bedroom, sloshing her glass of gin on the pink carpet.

Dammit all.

"Who'da hell....?" the human slurred, lifting her glass at Ivan in accusation.

Charles growled harshly at her, she twisted her ankle in her heels and a wolf had to catch her. The reaction was so unexpectedly hostile from his hunter—who claimed to thrive in debauchery, Ivan almost gave the girl a soothing smile.

"I am Beta of the White Pined Woods," Ivan told her evenly.

The moment he had listened to Kate's heart had been for his own sake as much as hers; hearing it beat had returned a somehow lost truth back into him.

He wasn't merely that beast William's brother. Or the Beta of the Royal Wolves.

He was Ivan: brother of a beast, Beta of the White Pined Woods. How that clarified things, he didn't quite know. But it fortified him to take in the flat, the nervous wolves and their confused human companions with an unflinching calm. "I have been summoned," he said, by way of explanation.

One of the women, human and dressed in ruffles of green, crooked a long purple fingernail to the glass door that led to the balcony. "Suzette is with him," she said.

Suzette. Splendid.

Ivan stepped over a puddle of spilled vodka and dismissed the maid who'd hurried to open the door for him. The Pack traditionally had no maids; another hire for the night. Ivan's sigh was filled with too-sweet smoke, bruised-smelling perfume and the bite of alcohol.

The cold air of the balcony came as a relief to his lungs, slipping under his cufflinks and untangling the inside-smell from him. But then he saw his Alpha.

He lounged like a king on the sofa that overlooked the city. He seemed larger than life—a portrait from the Pack's old library.

He clutched at a glass of scotch and rolled a long pipe between his teeth. Suzette—in a pink, looping dress threaded with diamonds—was draped on the couch alongside him, paying Ivan no mind and trying her best to keep Alpha entertained with bare shoulders and breathy laughs. But the wolf's eyes had wandered aimlessly to the city skyline below. The city stared back at him, but the Alpha didn't care. He played with the edges of his lipstick-stained tie and tossed the glass of scotch down his throat. Suzette wiped a stray drop from his lips and giggled.

The cold air suddenly felt hot and prickly on Ivan's skin.

"Alpha," he said and formally took a knee. Charles and Thomas followed suit.

Alpha's big head swivelled to Ivan's half of the balcony. He chewed his pipe for a moment, his eyes measuring every inch of Ivan's dress, posture and tone. "Beta," he greeted, pronouncing the word like he was testing its weight. Then he waved a big hand at Suzette in dismissal.



With an awkward glance at Ivan, Suzette gathered her pink, sparkly shawl from the adjacent couch and left. Charles shut the door behind her.

Everywhere Ivan looked, he seemed to find new bottles of drink and half-empty syringes of bane: under the couch, behind a pillow, teetering on the edge of the balcony's rail.

Ivan ignored them. "Is there any particular reason you've summoned me, Alpha?" He stood, but didn't join Alpha on the couches. He'd wait for Alpha's permission to sit.

Alpha seemed to ponder this for a moment. "And you brought your wolves why?"

Ivan intentionally relaxed all the muscles in his arms, one by one. He waited for his anger to simmer into grief or exhaustion as it normally did. But his eyes kept slipping to the city line behind Alpha. Beyond the pitch-black scar of a river swam the smudged lights of the other side. They blinked and winked at him like hundreds of tired, confused eyes, watching him tug at his cufflinks fourteen floors, some miles and a bridge away.

"Alpha," Ivan said, barely containing his impatience. "I am not here to challenge you."

Alpha's eyes ran Ivan's length one more, before finally taking his pipe from his teeth. "The wolves will stand guard," he conceded with an air of long-suffering, waving his pipe at Charles and Thomas.

Thomas stood with his throat bared and obeyed, pivoting on his heel to keep the gossipy feathers and watchful sequins at bay. But Charles hesitated.

Ivan's anger flared. "You will do as he says, Charles." Ivan heard a tug of alarm in his voice. "He is your Alpha."

will Charles darted a look to him, but quickly turned back to their Alpha, who was knocking out the contents of his pipe on the balcony's railing. The wind buffeted them for a moment, the teetering syringe finally tipping and falling off to shatter on Ivan's balcony below.

Charles smiled at the sound, like the balcony portrait of their Alpha was a joke. Cruel smile still in place, he bared his throat to their Alpha and his scotch bottle. He nodded his head to Ivan and joined Thomas at his post.

Alpha was watching his Beta with eyes alarmingly shrewd for all the empty bottles and bane scattered about.

Ivan knew it was too public to kneel twice, so he tucked a finger under his collar and exposed the pulse on his neck, tilting his head back in deference. "I apologise for him, Alpha."

He waited for the door to slide closed behind his wolves before spacing his feet in that careful military way and clasping his hands behind his back. "Charles meant nothing by it. Luna's miscarriage has caused some... disturbances. But it will be taken care of shortly."

Alpha barely blinked, just watched Ivan like he had watched the city before: bored, as if he were waiting for something. He was sitting up now, one arm slung over the back of the couch.

Alpha finally moved to top up his drink. The scotch was beautifully dressed in a bottle of crystal, Alpha's glass a small bubble of crystal to match. "When I assigned the hunter to you, he was mine," he commented, lightly.

"He still is yours, Alpha." Even if the hunter refused to acknowledge it. "This whole situation with William has set everyone on edge."

"Ah, yes. That." Alpha hunched over the table and tossed the contents of the small glass down his big throat. "You done fixating on that, then, pup?"

Alpha hadn't called him pup in years. Ivan grimaced. "I still think William will come for her. But you are right. I cannot know when. So I will fulfil my Pack duties in the meantime."

Alpha poured himself another glass. "Meantime," he repeated sourly.

Ivan stood there for a moment. Then he rocked forward with a squeak of his dress shoes. "May I sit, Alpha?"



Alpha looked up, surprised to have been asked, then bitter at his own surprise. "Do whatever you want, Beta."

Ivan carefully sat where Suzette had kept her shawl. He brushed a stray diamond—fake, so she'd probably been hired in a rush—from the grey, pleated cushion. He waited, but Alpha only toyed with the rim of his glass.

"Would you have me report now, Alpha?" Ivan asked, unsure.

"No," Alpha said. He set down his cup on the checkered glass of the table and turned an angry-not-quite-drunk stare on Ivan. "I want you be straight with me, pup. Once and for all. You hate me."

Ivan's head tilted to the side, surprise mingling with indignation. "I don't hate you, Alpha."

"You don't hear your own voice." Alpha poured another drink. "You hate me." And he slid the crystal cup to Ivan across the table.

Ivan caught the glass instinctively and stared at the gold liquid. The lights of the city swam inverted inside the fractals of crystal. Alpha watched his Beta expectantly. So Ivan brought the glass to his lips, hesitated, then dumped its contents to the back of his throat.

Hell, it tasted awful. He was sure it was fine liquor, but wolfsbane soured anything.

Alpha laughed without humour.

Ivan shuddered again and wiped his mouth on the cuff of his jacket. "I don't hate you, Alpha," he insisted.

"Just call me Lewis." Alpha refilled the glass, his tone pinched in misery.

"No," Ivan said, watching another shot of gold pour itself over the wolf's lips. "Alpha, you're Alpha. So I will call you Alpha."

He looked around, making sure Charles and Thomas were vigilant at their posts, guarding the door against unwanted eyes and ears. Then Ivan rested his elbows on his knees, folded his hands and leaned closer. "Tatiana can't take that from you, Alpha."

With sudden violence and in a clatter of crystal and gold, Alpha flung his glass across the balcony—so fast Ivan didn't react quick enough to catch it. It shattered against the balcony door with a splatter of shards and booze. A yelp of surprise came from inside and Ivan felt the countless pairs of eyes hurry to peer through the scotch sliding down the cracked glass. Thomas and Charles moved to touch shoulders, blocking the view.

Ivan's breath came out of him a tangled, shaky thread, but he kept his hands clasped neatly in his lap.

Alpha picked up his bottle with a huff and poured the stuff straight down his throat.

"Alpha." Everything about the situation was stretching Ivan's voice too thin, too tight. "Can we take this to your office? Please? Or, hell, at the least to my flat."

"No," Alpha grumbled, setting the bottle on the table with a growl. He glared that the scotch. "She left me." Then his voice lifted to a bellow. "She. Left. Me!"

Hell.

"Alpha, please." Ivan's jaw tightened. The rumours; the press; the talk. "Lewis."

Alpha's eyes flicked to Ivan's. His brow was furrowed over his deep-set eyes, his lips were folded in a loose frown, and his gold-shadowed skin was reflecting a sheen of sweat from the lights along the roof's rim. He looked petulant, like a child tired after a tantrum.

Ivan checked his resentment. "You want straight, Alpha. I'll shoot straight." Ivan rubbed his hands down his trousers. "You're drunk. You're hosting a party of ill repute. Just a door away too, so this conversation might as well be public. You have barely shown your face to the Pack in weeks—months even—and whatever glimpse they have had of you has been trailed by the reek of wolfsbane."



Alpha straightened defensively, but Ivan kept his gaze even, undaunted.

This is why he was chosen as Beta, he reminded himself; no brawler could intimidate him out of his skin.

"Don't get angry now, Alpha. I know about the prison and the pilfering of bane. So here's straight-shooting. Not only have you been high on bane since Tat's decline, which is illegal by your own decree. But you've been stealing from the Pack." Ivan's voice chapped personal. "Your own pack, Lewis!"

The brawler stood so suddenly that the table toppled. Ivan stood reflexively. Somehow the bottle of scotch remained safe in Alpha's hands, despite the clang of metal and glass on tile.

Ivan straightened his jacket. "No one blames you a drink once and a while, Alpha—your family was known for it. But Tatiana'll be your undoing if you don't let her go—"

Lewis kicked the table and the checkered glass squares fell out like loose teeth. "She's my mate!" he roared.

"I know." Ivan made an effort to pull some of his anger back inside. "I know." Wolves were connected to their mates in ways that transcended mere alliances and paperwork and divorces. Ivan ran a hand through his loose hair. "Hell, Lewis. I know. And I'm sorry. So sorry."

Lewis plopped his massive form back on the sofa. "She tried to kill herself before she left," he said the words like they would kill him in turn. All crumpled in on himself, head in one hand, drink on his knee in the other.

"Hell, Lewis." Ivan stood there a moment, then lowered himself back on his couch.

"So you were right. Pills. Middle of last night." Alpha looked at his bottle for a moment. "Why are you always right?"

Those words made Ivan wish he could grab that bottle and take a long, long swig for himself. But the Pack waited on the other side of the glass and his brother waited on the other side of the river and Ivan shook his head. "What happened?" was all he could think to say.

"I called a doctor, jammed my finger down her throat and it all came up. Seven pills. Seven of them."

Seven Ivan couldn't sit and listen to it. So he stood and righted the table; it leaned too heavy on one side.

"Then her sister came, saw it all, and went into a shrieking rage." Alpha put the bottle to his lips and guzzled one swallow, two. He had to catch his breath when he was done, rubbing a hand over his mouth.

Ivan pushed the fragments of the table's broken face under its uneven legs.

"Tat just kept crying. Begging her sister to take her away from me. This, this monster." Alpha laughed through his teeth and kicked a stray tile under the table. "So her sister said, 'that's it.' And started packing."

Ivan stood there for a moment, his hands on his hips, his jacket unbuttoned and tucked behind him. He took a deep breath of the alcohol and pain and grimaced. "No one should go through that, Alpha. I am sorry."

Alpha grunted and drank some more.

Ivan hesitated, then tugged the table back a few inches and sat on its dented frame so he was in front and to the right of his Alpha. He steepled his hands and pressed his fingers to his lips, unsure of how to continue.

"Just say it," Alpha gritted out, swirling the scotch in its bottle.

Ivan let his hands fall and fisted them together between his knees. "Tat's in the wrong here. And, yes, it's been rough for a while. But, Alpha. Your Pack needs you. Parties on the roof won't help you. Or us. Or her."

Lewis drank deep from his bottle.

"You can't let this destroy you." Ivan pressed on. "I know strength right now is too much to ask of any man, but we're in too dangerous a position to lose you."



Alpha looked at him for a moment. Then his lips loosened in a sick, self-hate sort of smile. "You're angry with me," he said, and his voice was almost giddy with a slightly-feral, maybe-drunk sort of thrill.

"I am," Ivan said. "I don't hate you, Alpha. But I am angry."

Alpha laughed. "Ivan the Influencer. So controlled he barely smiled as a pup!" He leaned over and pinched Ivan's cheek. "Now he's fallen for a little mate and—behold!—he's angry !"

angry Ivan swallowed all his reactions down, ready to ride it out. But Curt's voice broke in on his determination.

'The games have begun,' was all the scout said by way of report. A picture came with his words: a pink and gold box meant for jewellery was resting open on the counter. The image focused and Ivan felt his heart plunge to his feet. Inside was a hand. Cut off clean, not torn; gnarled and old, with a diamond necklace pouring between the fingers like an offering from a mannequin at a sick boutique. Then Curt sent a smell through the link—The Old Mother's smell: incense, lavender, age and the decaying stench of dried blood.

'The games have begun,' Oh, William, that bastard.

Alpha was still talking, sloshing his bottle around with his words. "Even now I see the anger in you! Ready to rend out of your skin, go wolf and lunge straight for my throat. Ha!"

Ivan's mind was reeling with calculations, predictions; distances and Pack rules. William wouldn't stop with just a hand—it'd be a miracle if the Mother lived. His eyes flicked desperate to the skyline: faint and flickering, that side of the river laid bare in the night with a beast on the prowl.

Alpha must have felt a shift in Ivan, a heart-pounding heat in the cold air around them, because he set his bottle on the tipsy table. "My, well, come on then! Beta of the White Pined Woods. Try me! I've been looking for a fight all night and you're the only one with the balls to do it!"

Ivan had his hands clasped so tightly that his bones ached. He cut a look up to Lewis.

"Oh," Lewis grabbed his bottle for one final swig. "That look. Vicious, Ivan. Positively vicious."

"I am angry," Ivan heard himself say in a voice too calm to be his. "But I won't fight you."

Lewis snarled some.

"You'd make this easier on me if you stopped your posturing," Ivan's voice continued. "But if you won't, that's all the same. I'll only ask you sit yourself down so I can explain."

"No." Lewis loomed over him, swaying slightly as the wind pulled at his matted mane of hair.

"Very well."

Another picture came to Ivan: this time of a letter written in even, loopy handwriting.

Lianne, My lovely Lianne, — it read — I've waited for this moment for years. Collected treasures for you, little Luna. For the night you'll be mine. The Great Altar seems fitting, don't you think? Makes things right in a place you like and all that. And Mum sends her regards. She can't wait to officiate.

Lianne, My lovely Lianne, I've waited for this moment for years. Collected treasures for you, little Luna. For the night you'll be mine. The Great Altar seems fitting, don't you think? Makes things right in a place you like and all that. And Mum sends her regards. She can't wait to officiate. Ivan swallowed. "I am angry," he began. "Because you called me all the way here to watch you drink and moan about your mate. Don't get me wrong, there's plenty here to moan about. But I just left probably the most important assignment of my life to sit here and watch you throw some glasses around and kick a table."

Lewis' big hand tightened on the bottle and the neck snapped straight off. The wolf made sure to catch the bottom half of the bottle before it hit the ground, preserving the scotch's dregs. "Most important assignment of your life? You are Beta!"



Ivan bowed his head. "I know. I know. But if she's not alive by the end of this, I am not the Beta I told myself I'd be."

"You're fixated on this, pup. Paranoid!" Lewis put his broken bottle on the rickety table between them. "I told you to let her go."

Ivan looked up. "Her aside, he is my brother. My twin. So this is well-informed caution, not paranoia."

Alpha leaned over him, drunk and huge. "He hasn't been your brother for years. You're just dead set on killing him! Have been since it all started." Lewis leaned back. "Cutting River said he's the best Alpha they've got—though God knows they have too many. You just never forgave him for killing your mother."

Ivan stood suddenly.

Lewis raised a brow at the movement. "Honestly, Ivan," he said reproachfully. "You have to let every pup make their one mistake."

"He was eighteen! Not a pup. And he, he.... My mother—" Oh, God, Ivan was going to be sick.

"No one proved he was the one to rape her beforehand."

Ivan felt like he was tearing out of his own skin. "No. I won't let you goad me. I won't play this game."

Curt's voice came again through the link. ' Another .' And a picture of a little box, the size meant for earrings, appeared in his mind. The scout opened it, and inside was another hand. Only smaller; cut at the wrist. A baby's hand. With a ruby engagement ring lopped around on the small, pink-grey fingers.

Another A scent followed. Helene.

Ivan grabbed the broken bottle on the table and threw it with all his might on the floor, the splintering glass and scotch flinging against the table, under the couches, down the balcony's drain.

Lewis blinked at him. Then he grinned. "I knew you had it in you, pup! I knew—"

"Currently." Ivan's voice was torn with a snarl. "William is sending her bits of her family in jewellery boxes. Cut up, dead-flesh bits of her family. Among them is a baby's hand. That baby—that sweet little girl—and William has butchered—!" Ivan's voice got so loud, he cut himself off.

Curt sent a picture of another wax-sealed note. Our ring bearer is impatient , it read. This time the edges of Curt's projection were blurred with panic.

Our ring bearer is impatient Ivan felt his growl build deep within his throat. "He's a monster."

"A- a baby...?" Lewis recoiled a fraction. He dropped himself into his cushioned booth, the city sparkling at his back. "He's a rogue, then. Feral even. We'll alert the police that side. They can manage it."

"Ha!" Ivan stopped his pacing to spin on Lewis. "Don't you see? He's our rogue. Our responsibility!" Ivan cut his tie from his throat with an extended claw. He needed space. He needed air. "My responsibility!"

our Lewis looked at him with alarm. "You're crazy," he said, standing again and straightening like an Alpha. "Calm down, Ivan. It'll be—"

Ivan couldn't hear Lewis anymore; Curt's voice was coming again. ' Are you getting this, Beta? It's Helene. Lianne says she's going and I- I... Anyone but Helene, Beta. If that baby is hurt, I think I'll- I'll—"

Are you getting this, Beta? It's Helene. Lianne says she's going and I- I... Anyone but Helene, Beta. If that baby is hurt, I think I'll- I'll—" A rush of panic, potent and strong, overwhelmed the link as Curt absorbed Helene's position in William's games. That baby was the linchpin in Curt's reassembled sanity. If Will took out that pivot point, nothing but feral fear and reckless hate would be left in the scout. Curt's emotions cut through Ivan's mind like a scream. And then it was gone. And the link was filled with horrifying silence.

"I'm going," Ivan heard himself say, more sure than he'd ever heard himself speak in his life.

Lewis' shoulders rose with indignation. "You won't. I told you, you won't."

But Ivan was shrugging out of his jacket. "People are watching too closely anyway," he said, nodding to the door to Lewis' all-too-quiet flat. "This way they'll think I did all the raging."

"This way? What are you talking about? You're staying here!" The table was between them so Lewis shoved it aside and it fell on its side all over again, denting the other metal leg.

Ivan watched it topple with a chilled sense of finality.

"I'm your Alpha!" Lewis was saying. "You will obey me!"

will "I'm sorry, Alpha." Ivan took two steps towards the balcony's door. "But I can't let this stand."

And he dragged the booze-smeared glass open to the flat of pink carpets and horrified whispers.

"I will not lose my Beta this way!" Lewis yelled behind him. His roar caused all the guests to flinch.

Painted eyes watched Ivan walk in, painted lips parted in surprise, painted cheeks paled with anticipation of a fight.

Oh hell, the Pack. His Pack.

Ivan's hands began to shake. "I am. I am now rogue," he announced, turning in his dress shoes on the pink carpet sodden with liquor to look everyone in the eye. Lewis blustered through the door after him, the drink, pipe and lipsticked tie forgotten under the overturned table outside.

Lewis paused only an arms-length away from Ivan, breathing heavy, big hands fisting. He was angry. Too angry to speak, too angry to howl, too angry to reach out and throttle Ivan like he wanted to. Because Lewis knew he was a brawler, and brawlers didn't know when to stop once they started. He'd kill Ivan if he moved any closer.

The effort at containment softened Ivan somehow, so his voice left him with a crack of sadness. "I am rogue. Feral, even, if anyone asks." He sharpened a look on Charles, who'd risen to the balls of his feet and bared his hunter's teeth in a grin. "But this is not a challenge. I know I stand no chance against White Pine and refuse any wolf that might try to splinter off and join me."

Curt's mind connected with his once more and Ivan winced his eyes closed.

Curt must have been pushed to a place past words because all that came was an image, blurred with emotion and fear. Lianne was leaving the iron gates of the Pack house, her shawl slipping off her shoulder and revealing, in a wet ooze of gore, blood and black infection leaking from that cursed mark on her shoulder. Just like the night she'd seen the photographs of William's women. In that crooked Old Altar, she might just become one of those women.

Hell. Lianne.

Ivan turned, feeling dizzy with the room, the stares, Lianne's blood, and walked out the door.

To Lewis, through the link, he said, 'I'll be back when it's over for judgment. ' But he didn't look over his shoulder to see the wolf's reaction.

'I'll be back when it's over for judgment. ________________________________________

I would LOVE to know your thoughts. I've been sitting on this scene from the beginning and absolutely dying to share it with you.

I would LOVE to know your thoughts. I've been sitting on this scene from the beginning and absolutely dying to share it with you. Comment and Vote if you liked it. ;)



Comment and Vote if you liked it. ;)

One more update tonight. <3

One more update tonight. <3





43. Streetcars and Snakes


Ivan was down the stairs, past the flustered receptionist and across the street before he realised he was being followed.





"I meant what I said," Ivan called over his shoulder. Charles and Thomas were struggling to keep up. "I'll not take you from White Pine."

They waited for a streetcar to roar between them, then jogged to his side.

"We're with you," Charles said, certain. "We're loyal to you, Ivan. I am loyal to you!"

The chill of reason and strategies and forced-calm Ivan had encased himself in shattered and he whirled on Charles so fast, the hunter took an alarmed step back. "You are loyal to your Pack, Charles. To your Pack! You will do as he says because he is your Alpha!"

Ivan turned on Thomas, "And you!" Ivan heard the growl in his own voice. He stood on his toes, getting as close as he could to the brawler's face. "You will obey him. He gives you an order, you follow it. You hear me? No heroics, no ambitions!"

will Thomas wrestled within himself, stepping back with a threatened growl.

So Ivan grew a claw that had been so painfully engraved with White Pine's seal all those years ago and hooked it under the brawler's black criminal collar. Thomas yelped, but Ivan pulled his claw away ruthlessly fast and the rubber and wire fell limp from the wolf's throat like a dead snake.

"I said I'd release you, Thomas, and I did," Ivan said, breathless with his temper and yelling.

Thomas stumbled back a step in surprise, his big hand rubbing the raw skin on his neck.

"You're now Pack," Ivan said, all the force of his anger and pride and desperation propelling his voice like a bullet. "Now act like it."

He went to turn away but caught himself. "Charles. You'll go back in there and request Kate to hunt me down. She'll have heard by now. I'm rogue, you hear? I'm White Pine's rogue. By protocol, she'll have to come get me and I- I might not be able to take him alone. I'll need you to hunt me down. Do you hear me?"

Both looked at him, Charles with all that fire housed in him spilling out in anger and torn loyalties. Thomas breathing free for the first time in months and watching Ivan with glistening eyes.

"I said, do you hear me?" Ivan barked.

Charles snarled, but his tattooed throat stretched to the side. "Yes, Beta."

Thomas hurried to follow the motion. "I hear you, Beta," he choked out.

Ivan took a step backwards into the street, realising only then that he was still shaking. "Not Beta. I'm not that anymore," he told them and turned his back on the Offices that loomed fourteen floors tall behind them in the night.

He couldn't shift—Lewis' goddamned wolfsbane in the scotch had locked his bones in place—so Ivan flagged a cab, promised money he no longer had, and tried to piece together some sort of plan.

But his hands wouldn't stop shaking. And all he could smell was Lewis, hurt and drunk and angry; all he could see was Thomas, saying "Beta" with tears in his eyes; and all he could hear was his own response, harsh like the click-close of a coffin.

"I am not that anymore."





______

<3

<3 Sorry it didn't go up last night. I don't think I'll be able to post this next scene today. I accidentally slept in and work looms in a few hours. But it'll come soon all the same!

Sorry it didn't go up last night. I don't think I'll be able to post this next scene today. I accidentally slept in and work looms in a few hours. But it'll come soon all the same! Comment and Vote if you liked it. :)

Comment and Vote if you liked it. :)





44. Scales and Stone


Ivan's dress shoes slipped on the uneven cobblestones as he exited the cab. The ridiculousness of their waxed laces and shined leather aggravated him. Growling at the cabbie to wait, Ivan bent to slip them off. He threw them in the backseat alongside the sad remains of his tie.

He shut the door and leaned through the open window. "I will find you later to pay," he told the cabbie. But the man was peering up through his car's glossy window at the Great Altar with his mouth slightly agape. The way someone from his-side looked when they saw their first this-side street worker.

Ivan turned to follow the cabbie's gaze. The Great Altar awaited him up an endless flight of stairs—dark and silent in the night. A melancholy clung to her bones. Her guarding statues were strangled in ivy; her steps soiled with sticky sewage and rubbish; her windows stripped bare like a bride's torn veil. The street lamps caught glimmers of her fallen glass, glitzing the steps like shards of coloured tears.

"You sure this is where you want, sir?" the cabbie asked—his words wet with spit from the tobacco tucked in his cheek.

Ivan felt a heaviness in his chest. A grief he'd too often taken for exhaustion. And while it pressed on his very bones, Ivan felt comforted by the weight. Somehow this building, forgotten and decaying in the night assured him he was meant to be here, barefooted and tieless on the cold, sticky cobblestones.

"A little spooky, if you ask me." The cabbie shifted the car's gears with a pop and grind.

As if on queue, a howl ripped the night, the first sign of life from the Altar, crawling over Ivan's skin in a chill. It was a howl that dwindled shrill with defeat. The howl was followed by a laugh, projected unnaturally loud through the ribcage of the Altar and echoing with cruel but genuine delight.



While Ivan's heart stopped beating, the cabbie's tripped over itself.

Ivan felt the Altar shudder, or maybe that was him, as the spindly, shadow feeling crawled over the plaza. A murder of crows swooped from the wet clouds and tunnelled through the Altar's crooked steeple, a swarm shoved down her throat. Ivan felt his own throat constrict with the sensation of clawed, crawling things and he gagged.

Demons.

The cabbie cursed, shouted something like "good luck" through the window but might have been "good riddance" and slammed his car back into motion.

Ivan watched the black cab and his dress shoes leave him alone in the plaza, careful to keep his breath steady. He turned to the side and spat bile into a nearby sewage drain, tasting the scotch and bane his mouth.

He faced the Altar's soiled steps and, wishing he could shift, climbed them three stairs at a time.

The Altar's doors were of swollen, weather-eaten wood. And they had met wolves before. The carved figure in the centre had his face scraped out by a wolf's angry claw.



Distantly, considering the wolf-torn face, Ivan wondered if his nausea was fear. Or if the demon-feeling had grown stronger with his approach. Sound and scent felt muffled; like the Altar herself had been gagged. Keeping whimpers and yelps inside.

Ivan put his hand on the door's handle—some lip in the wood meant to be a chalice—and his finger found a lock mechanism rough with rust. He leant his weight into the side of the carved man and shoved with all his might.

The doors resisted him; the Altar giving him a chance to turn back. Ivan dug the soles of his feet into her doorstep and pushed with a determined growl. Relenting with a moaning creak of warning, the Altar opened and Ivan stumbled in.





Scents rushed him and Ivan instinctively crouched. The Altar hit him first: rain, moss, old stone and cracked wax. Under that swam the acrid, ashy stench of demons. And beneath that: blood, fear and the reek of Williams's excitement covering the pews in a thick varnish.



The Altar tore rays of white to the main floor through the gaps in her roof. But crows flitted about her, the flurry of their shadows dicing the light over the endless rows of empty pews.

When his eyes couldn't find William, they lingered on the foot of the tattered tapestry on the wall opposite him. Old Mother was tied to a post there, an altar piece behind the table. Her shawls sagged around her, her head lulled to one side. Unconscious, maybe; maybe dead.

Under the table itself, hid a child's cry—piercing his horror with relief. Helene. And Jess was crouched there with her, muttering things to the babe as her shaking hands checked the cartridges in Lianne's smaller gun.



The Lady herself stood behind the table, facing the pews and leaning on the altar, her hands resting either side the Fur Splitter. Her eyes were closed, her lips moving, her pistol untouched on the table.

Praying. Oh, God, she was praying.

Ivan heard his blood in his ears, muffling the cackle of crows. His eyes scattered back over the pews, his hands fisting at the sound of half-whimpers in the corner.

Curt—down the stairs, to Ivan's left. The pews had been uprooted around him, and the wolf had collapsed in a knot of splintered wood. Ivan impartially took stock of the pup's condition. Broken front leg—badly broken. And brown dappled coat was darkened with blood. He looked... chewed on. From his mouth fell foam of panic and pain, the spittle tinged red, as he dragged himself to the cover of an overturned pew.

Shadows swam around the pup. Ivan realised—impartiality cracking—that the pup had been chewed on. But not by a wolf. It was the crows. Or maybe they weren't crows. Swooping from the ceiling in hooked curves; vultures in the aftermath of a battle Ivan had been too late to fight.

Whatever military sheath of control Ivan had locked around himself shattered in a burst of fury.



"William!" he roared.

The crows paused; Curt stopped breathing for a moment; Jess pointed her gun. Lianne's eyes flicked up.

Only silence met him, the sound of wings unnaturally quiet in the rafters. An enemy mocking him his tardiness. Always the second brother. Hardly a ripple in William's wake.

Rage seared him. Ivan grabbed the nearest wall fixture—a fountain meant for holy water—and tore its stone from the wall. With a cry, he threw it down the steps of the main floor and it crashed through the pews in a loud scatter of wood.

Silence remained, lapping up the stone.

Finally, a quiet sigh sounded over Ivan's shoulder. "Ah, the main show deigns to make his entrance."

Ivan pivoted to his right. Where the fountain had been stood William, so close to Ivan that he jerked back a step. His brother smiled indulgently at him from the shadows. His eyes were wide and unblinking, like black fixtures hung over his grin with string.

William advanced and Ivan fell back another step.

"You were testing my patience, Ivy."

The only thing the beast wore were cotton shifters. In the Altar's botched light, Ivan could make out a tattoo he'd never seen striping the pale-skinned muscle of William's chest. A dragon, with forked tongue and blue scales, slithered up his brother's abdomen to spread its teeth at the edge of his throat. The pink cravat of Cutting River's alpha was long gone; silk traded for scales of ink.

A yelp sounded from below, drawing both their attention to Curt. The pup barely had energy to snap his teeth as a new round of crows pelted from the ceiling.

Ivan swore the dragon's tattooed eye rolled to Curt as William considered the boy. "My teeth stopped working on him too fast. And I can only watch my little friends feed for so long. They get too... greedy. Savouring isn't really their game, you know?"



William cast Ivan a look of shared confidences, the dive of a crow caressing a shadow down his dragon-teethed throat, and Ivan felt sick.

Sick of talking. Sick of waiting.

Curt's yelp thinned to a whine. A horrible, helpless and confused sound that razed Ivan like fire.

With a growl and all his claws extended, Ivan threw himself at his brother. But the blow never landed.



Wolfish in speed, William was suddenly down the steps and in the aisle, laughing at Ivan as he stumbled down the steps. "Woah, Ivy. Patience! We can't get ahead of ourselves now."

Ivan caught himself on a pew and slowly pushed himself upright. He was breathing heavily, a feral froth of his own building under his tongue.

Not fast enough, not strong enough, not beast enough.

His frail, human bones encased him like a cage. Bane laced around organ and muscle in a net of fine chains; a leash that tightened when he moved.

He hated his brother, glossed slick there in the moonlight. Hated every black claw the beast patiently tapped against his arm. Every inked line of that dragon that rose and fell with Will's breath. Ivan spat the taste of fear from his mouth.

"I don't think you're quite ready to play," William said with parental concern. His nail ran up and down the line of his bicep and his voice dropped to a private smile. "I can smell the bane on you, brother." He gave Ivan a nearly pitying look. "That Alpha getting to you, Ives?"

William turned the look to the altar—Lianne had closed her eyes again, trembling with her prayers—and shook his head. "I told my little friends, I said, 'Give her to me and nibble on that Alpha a while and the whole Pack of them's going down.' Didn't know they'd take me seriously. Beautiful timing, all things considered."

Ivan snarled and advanced.

William waved a hand at him. Ivan thought it was dismissal, but a crow dropped from the ceiling at the motion, it's teeth nicking Ivan's shoulder. Teeth. Not crows, then. It cut through the grey fabric of his dress shirt and broke the skin with a warm rush of blood.

Ivan snapped his teeth at it, tearing off the the bloody shirt and tossing it on a pew.

He wasn't qualified for this sort of fight. Teeth and crows and shadows that scurried like rats at his feet.

His eye snagged on the pew under his discarded shirt—noticing the fresh pockmarks of bullet holes in the wood. So shots had been fired. Lianne had tried to slay the beast and lost. Her prayers were what he'd suspected: a desperation that mirrored his own.

Ivan's eye scraped down William's untouched skin. Imagining him letting her fire round after round—bullets dwindling like hope—stripped him of his hesitancy. His lip curled and, slowly, he crouched in that wolf-wary way.

"Lianne doesn't like to play games," he said, his voice too snarled to be sane.

Will looked fondly at the bullets in the wood. "No. A straight shooter, that one." He chuckled and cast a longing look up to the altar. "I just didn't think she'd be happy with me until she saw you one last time."

Ivan braved another step forward. "Saw me dead, you mean?" He felt, rather than saw Lianne's eyes lift from the altar to him. But he didn't look at her.

Will shrugged. "I'm fond of games. Even if she isn't."

Another crow-demon plummeted, this time snagging the skin on Ivan's hip. He shook it off.

"No. That's not why I'm here." Ivan smiled—feeling his teeth stretch in a mirror of William's own grin. "No, you need an audience. Always have. Like those eight wolves you brought the first night you found her. Wanted people to watch you play. And then you watched them play. Only to kill them when the game wasn't fun anymore."





Will's dragon tattoo swelled with the wolf's anger, rising further up his throat. But William himself didn't move at Ivan's advances. Just kept smiling.

Ivan's last step put him nearly an arm's length away. "You know what, Will?" Ivan leaned in, ghosting that affectionate, pitying smile. "I think you might be lonely."

William recoiled, suddenly three yards away.

When Ivan moved to follow him, he found he couldn't. His feet were tied to the floor, each bone in his legs suddenly like stone. Alarmed, he looked down, his muscles spasming with unspent movement, to find wire-thin shadows sprouting from cracks in the rock and reaching for his ankles. He blinked and the shadows were gone, but his feet remained stuck.

A winged demon came for him. Ivan batted it away. His arms were beginning to feel heavy too. Hell.

He tried to rip away the shadows—he could see them again, in the corner of his eye—but his shoulders, his wrists, his chest, everything had barbed-wire weaving through its bones, locking them in place.

William laughed at Ivan's struggle: the condescension and false-affection replaced by a fevered-pitch in his smile. "I have more than enough to keep me happy!" William's hands were shaking like an addict. "You just can't see them. You can't know."

He turned to the altar, perched some eight steps above them, and gazed up at Lianne, or maybe at the threadbare mural behind her; the trembling muscles in his shoulders relaxed. "Once she's back with me, I'll be perfect again." He turned his head towards Ivan. "I'll show you what happiness looks like." And he stepped towards her, beginning his climb up the dais.

Ivan pulled at the vines and shadows and thorns around him. They tore at his skin, constricted his lungs. A demon dove for him and bit his wrist. Another came for his chest, another his shoulder, another his cheek.

Ivan roared, desperate to keep William's attention. "Come and kill me first! You think I'll let you touch her in front of me?"

William shook his head as he ascended the first stairs, his hands fisting and unfisting with eager impatience. "You can come play when you're strong enough, brother."

"William!" Ivan yelled, trashing, tasting feathers of smoke in his mouth as a demon bit his neck. With the shadows running through his body like wire, to move forward would snap his spine. And the demons kept feeding on him—swopping, eating, leaving and returning for more flesh. He cried out as sweat mingled with blood; as William came to the last steps.

Lianne had rounded the altar, standing in front of the table like a bride for her groom. She was wearing her yellow dress—the one with the daisies embroidered in the hem. Her back was straight. Her jaw set. Her braids brushed over one shoulder. Red coloured the yellow cotton down one arm and breast, black lines of infection and hate running through the red stains like roots. She tilted up her chin and crossed her arms, watching William approach with a resigned, nearly defiant look.

"Get back!" Ivan screamed at her. He felt the knots in the chords that bound him begin to slip. He pulled at them with all his might. Another crow-demon came. The chords seemed to be fraying.

William stopped at the last step, half an arm from Lianne.

Oh, God. He wouldn't make it in time. He wouldn't get to her. He'd watch, horrified, as William took her in front of him. As he re-marked her. As Lianne screamed.

At the horror of the thought, the chords around Ivan burst. He roared, swatting at the demons that converged in their place.

In the same, bursting moment—a great light flashed from the altar, so opaque it was a white whip of silk. And, to Ivan's surprise and the flurry of the demons above his head, William flew back from the altar like he'd suffered a cannon blast.

Maybe he had.

Ivan smeared a hand over the cut in his brow that dribbled blood between his lashes.

William landed in a scattered pews, slumped shocked in the front row. No bullet wounds. And the Fur Splitter remained untouched.



Laughter filled the altar. Lianne's laughter; taken and rung through the Altar's rafters with a choir's resonance. Ivan and William both turned to her, surprised; horrified, even.

She clutched the arm the mark had covered in blood to her chest. She had no eyes for Ivan, only for William, boring into him with hell's wrath. She walked until the tips of her laced boots found the edge of the altar's topmost stair.

"You wanted to make it right in a place like this, wolf!" she cried, laughing again, but this time the sound seemed tight with the pressure of a sob. "Well, you chose well. This Altar remembers a time before your kind abandoned us this side. When wolves sat in her pews as friends. But you have now desecrated her with torture, with the death of a Mother and the tears of a child. Not to mention the blood."

Lianne held up her hand and stared at the rivelets of red that coursed between her fingers. The smile she turned on William was vicious. "She is not as defenceless as you might think, wolf. She has life of her own yet."

Lightning flashed. And like the burst of a damn, the sky tore open its belly and rain spilled through the holes in the roof.

Lianne watched the water run over her fingers, the blood rinsing to the cobblestones.

Recovering himself, William snapped his teeth and tore up the steps with a wolf's speed, lunging for Lianne. Lightning knifed again and William flew back. The building of the altar seemed to shudder.

Even with dark rain pouring through the roof in cold currents, the pale shafts of light from the sky remained, shimmering like pillars among the pews.

Ivan looked about, a chill beginning to peel off his bones in goosebumps. That light didn't look natural anymore. Each cascade of white seemed more like... wings. Colossal, slow-tilting wings that bent to hold the altar's roof aside for the rain.

"I see your army, beast. Your dragon and its pets," Lianne yelled over the rain. "I know you might win. But at the least you'll win knowing that evil isn't the only force in the world. That you could have chosen another path."

William stood from where the throw had landed him. He must have bit his cheek with his serrated teeth because he wiped blood from the corner of his mouth. "So this is the game? Bring in the big Mother, eh?" He laughed and spat blood on the pew. "But I know Her power is limited here. Broken and forgotten and half-dead. You can't take a step from that altar. And you can't touch me over here."

The thunder above rocked the building and a rafter over a side chapel split, caving in the ceiling above it.

William snarled a laugh at the sound. "Looks like you need some... incentive to play fair, eh, little Luna? Let's see how you do when I go for one of your pups, hm?"

Ivan tensed, feeling the sudden turn and leap in Will's body as it were his own. Perhaps it was his own. Because in movements too fast for a bane-bound wolf, Ivan was across the aisle, over the pews and in the stream of light before Curt, his lungs burning for air.

The scout whimpered. Not for recognising Ivan—he was too far gone for that—but the mere presence of another wolf had him braced for pain. Will couldn't crush the boy's mind, so he'd decided to crush the wolf's body. That sharp sound of fear clamped Ivan's pounding heart in place.

He reached for a pew, crouched and with sudden strength yanked it forward. Pulling it between him, the pup and the beast like a barricade.

William blinked at Ivan in surprise. He must have looked a mess. Dress slacks torn to shreds, bare chest nicked and bitten, every part of him bleeding and dripping in the rain.

But he straightened, hand still on the pew and bared his teeth in the most feral smile he'd ever felt twist his lips. "I think, Will. I am ready to play now."

Ivan felt the bane in every inch of him, but something burned even more fiercely in his chest than those gold chains. He pulled that fire across every fibre of his being, steeled it in what shreds of his dominance he could find and shoved all his influence across the pew at his brother.

William felt the crackle of power in the air and grinned, his serrated teeth still red with his own blood. The dragon tattoo twisted over his chest and William's influence rose behind him—scaled, cruel and impossibly strong.



He cocked his head to the side and darted a tongue over his teeth. "Let's play, then, pup." And the beast's hand hit the pew.





45. The Taste of Blood


Ivan braced himself for pain. For the weight of a dragon to slam against his bane-weakened defences. For the rain to feel like fire on his back and for the echo of Lianne's scream to ricochet through the Altar's stone.

But if any of that happened, Ivan felt none of it.

Instead he found himself standing on ice.

Cold, light-frosted ice. With mountains circling a skyline like the teeth of a wolf trap. He was dry, his cuts were gone and his dress slacks had been changed for fresh cotton shifters.

"What the hell?" William's voice came from behind him.

Ivan whirled around, crouched and wary, but William wasn't paying attention to him. His eyes were on the bodies scattered on the ice. Bodies. Fourteen of them.

Ivan took an alarmed step back.

His mind recognised the scene like he'd seen it before. Eight women. Two men. Three little girls. One boy. All with a mark gouged from their chest. Their wrists slit and bleeding ribbons of red in the frost.

Heaven and hell.

It was his photographs, that black file of William's kills with Lianne's stained kerchief now kept inside. Each victim brought to cold-flesh life on the ice.

William crouched in their midst, a look of something like pain twisting his face. "Generally they're alive," he was saying.

Ivan retreated another step, startling when his barefoot brushed something soft.

He turned to find Betsy's splayed on the ice—his foot in the edge of her beautiful hair, her arms crooked and broken, her middle torn to shreds, her eyes glazed open. Just like he'd found her.

"My little mates," William continued, his voice almost a child's for its confusion. "Waiting for me to come home."

Ivan pivoted on his heel and threw up on the rime. The bile burned his throat. But once he was looking at the ice, he couldn't look away.

Underneath the top layer of frost, the ice wasn't white. It was red. Just as he'd seen in the cab with William mere days before. And underneath the ice, lost in the bloody-liquid... swam things.

It took his mind a moment to grasp that the eyes and the hands, the legs and feet roiling under the ice were bodies. More of them. Hundreds of them. And if Ivan looked too long at one of them—a throat would slit before his eyes and bleed nothing into the redness. A chest would fall apart under unseen claws. An arm would snap like Betsy's.

Horrifyingly, he recognised some of the bodies. A wolf they'd put down for a crime. Three wolves they'd lost to the feral—another who'd turned to suicide. Tatiana, or some fading part of her, was there too, trailed by a string of pups with dead eyes and small, limp fists.

"What is this place?" Ivan heard himself croak.

"Pack terrain," William's voice answered, though he didn't seem to be listening. "The Eternal Winter of White Pined Woods."

"And the ice?" Ivan forced himself to look away, to turn and face his brother. "Why are they stuck here?"

William shrugged.

In the distance behind William and his corpses, the air shimmered like a mirage. A young boy appeared some twenty meters off. In his early teens, he was crouched on the ice, prodding at a hole in its surface with a stick. Where Ivan's childhood scarf had been red, this boy's was blue.

"Is that you?" Ivan pointed.

William stood, frowning to have his attention pulled away from the dead at his feet. The mirage only irritated him further. "That was years ago now," he said dismissively.



A red hand burst from the hole in the ice, grabbed the little boy by his scarf and dragged him under.

Ivan's feet skid on the slippery surface as he braced to run and help the boy.

But William's laugh—dry and dead, but a laugh all the same—stopped him. "That was before I learned ghosts don't play nice."

In a splash of red and steam, the boy remerged. He climbed out of the frozen water, shivering with cold. His scarf was gone. And maybe he wasn't a mere boy anymore. When he turned, his face was slashed with an off-putting smile and in his fist he carried a blue, lizard-sized dragon by the throat.

Lianne's words came back to Ivan. "He made a deal with demons," she'd said.

Ivan looked back at his brother, who'd returned his attention to his corpses, and eyed the blue lines of the tattoo on the beast's chest. If that was how this all started, something had changed over the years. It was the dragon now who had the wolf by the throat.

"But these ghosts didn't hold grudges," William was muttering to the carnage between them. Genuine grief twisted his face; his hands were trembling again. "Because, because," William fisted his hands. "Because they were mine." At the last word, his voice snapped, his eyes falling on Ivan's like hands grabbing for a throat.

these "It's because you're here. They're dead because they don't like you here," William said, frenzied.

"You killed them yourself." Ivan took the smallest of steps back as William advanced.

"They're mine!" William screamed, as if that was an explanation.

Before the beast could reach Ivan, the bodies around them suddenly tilted. Both wolves froze as a loud crack spread over the ice.

And then the frost opened up, swallowed the fifteen bodies, and reknit itself like white lace over crimson satin.

"No!" William cried, dropping to his hands and knees, scratching at the ice with black claws. "No!"

But the victims were sealed now in a pool of blood—another fifteen added to the list White Pine had lost over the years.

Betsy's body was dragged by. Ivan swore he saw her eyes follow him as the red current pulled her under, her face pinched in terror.

"No!" William's fist pounded the ice, but it refused to relinquish its prize.

Then the beast turned crazed eyes on his brother. "You. You took them from me."

Ivan felt panic coil around his heart.

There was nothing else around anymore. Not even the mirage in the distance. It was just black mountains, red ice and his brother. Nowhere to run. And no wolf skin to retreat to.

William grinned, smelling Ivan's fear. "Oh, Ivy. You're dead now."

Ivan barely had time to set his feet before the wolf was on him. Brothers locking holds in a tangle of muscle and bone.

Ivan slipped on the ice and fell. The impact crushed the air from his chest, the sharp frost and serrated fractals of ice scraping his bare skin. The cold burned in contrast to Will's heat as the wolf's fingers and claws dug into his shoulders.

Ivan yelled and manoeuvred his legs to heave William off. But a sudden wall of dominance fell upon him. William's alpha rank bore through Ivan like nails drilling him into the ice. Ivan thrashed, suddenly finding he couldn't breathe.

William pulled back a fraction—that bloody, crazed smile stretched under his puppet-string eyes. "Thought you could take me, little Ives? I wanted you to come here. To meet my little mates. See how happy I really am."



Ivan's lungs choked on nothing, his head twisting to the side in an angle barely natural.

"But you had to ruin everything. Just like with Mummy—you had to ruin everything by telling her I was such a bad-bad wolf."

The influence wasn't a wall anymore, or a series of nails. It was the dragon. Pinning him to the ice and pulling at his legs, his arms, his neck like the toy limbs of a child's doll. All his bones would snap in a moment. Ivan heard himself scream.

"And then Lianne. My little Luna." Spit dribbled between William's teeth and slid down Ivan's throat. "You think you're a match for me?" he screamed.

Ivan heard a sickening pop in his right arm. And then, suddenly, blessedly, Ivan felt a power surge within him in desperation and pain. A shift. It rent through his skin and overturned his bones, and, in a moment, he was under William in a white pelt and kicking the man off with four paws and a wolf's strength.

William landed a meter away, catching his skid on the ice with the screech of nails on the surface. He stood and cracked this neck. "Now we're playing, pup!" he yelled, deranged. And let the shift come over him.

As before the black wolf—dark pelt rustled by a cut of wind from the mountains—towered over Ivan's white wolf in stature, a full head and shoulders taller.

But Ivan was past a point of fear. His front right leg was out. His muscles were shaking, his bones were barely strung together. So he crouched, snarled a howl and lunged.





For the third time in his life, Ivan braced himself for an impact that never came.

As soon as growls and snarls met in a flurry of fur and teeth—Ivan wasn't there anymore.

He blinked, alarmed to find himself human, and clutched his disjointed arm to his chest. He was still on the ice. The sounds of a wolf fight continued somewhere behind his back.

He turned to find a white wolf brawling with the black one. Only this white wolf was bigger than Ivan knew himself to be. In fact, it wasn't him at all.

"You're fighting something much greater than you know," said a voice next to him, cool like water, soft like snow.

Ivan turned, startled to have been caught off guard. But the woman to his left only had eyes for the fight beyond them.

She was tall, taller than Ivan, with skin as dark as the shadowy mountains along the horizon. A wide jaw bone, hair clipped close to the scalp, and a tall, wooden staff in one hand. She watched the brawl like she'd seen thousands before, an age-old tired in her eyes.

It took Ivan a moment to recognise her inexplicably before him in this strange place of ice and blood. He knelt, an arm still to his chest. "Luna." The Luna from the bronze statue in the foyer of the old Pack house.

"We've been fighting this battle for generations now." She paid him no mind, her eyes lifting to scan the jagged mountains with disdain. "Since the first Alpha was tempted away from his post with money and prestige. No one paid the price then, and look where it's put us. "

A yelp sounded from the fight and Ivan turned his head to see red spreading like a rose on the white pelt of the wolf.

The Luna grimaced. "We've been fighting. And we've been losing."

She finally turned to Ivan and the authority in her eyes—the weight of her power—fell on Ivans shoulders like a mantle of chains. The wolf in him scrambled to look away, but something about her gaze pinned him there. "Sins we haven't confessed; promises we've left broken."

Her staff hit the ice with a splintering rap and the frost beneath cleared, leaving Ivan on a glossy floor of red, beneath which swam dying faces, reaching hands and torn-up bodies. They seemed to converge where he knelt, like they sensed his attention and were eager to show him—in one horror after the next—how they died.



"Leaving the blood of our sins to pool beneath our feet. People we've killed, let kill and let be killed in land we've taken on as our own. No reparations. No confessions. No repentance." She said the last word with so much anger, Ivan shuddered. "No one to bear the wrath of justice."

The red beneath the ice churned with something new. Something like ire; hurts long left untended and the dead entrenched in never-righted wrongs.

The Luna turned to him, the magnetism of her heavy gaze lifting his eyes from the desperate anger in the ice.

"What do you plan to do about this, wolf? Shall I leave you to his teeth as you've left countless others?"

Ivan felt more than himself implicated in her 'you.'

"Tell me what to do, Luna, and I will do it."

She considered him for a moment. Then knelt next to him, bending forward to catch his eye. "This fight cannot be won by brute force."

Ivan's mangled arm throbbed and he almost smiled. "I was never good at the brute force side of things, Luna."

"Hm." She stood again, leaning heavily on her staff.

A snarl sounded from the wolves, another yelp cut off by teeth.

"If you survive this, pup. Be careful what battles you take on alone. Isolation and poor self-compassion. As bad as pride for the propagation of sin."

Ivan stood, facing the wolves and bracing himself to join them.

The Luna watched alongside him. Ivan thought he heard her sigh, a sound of both resignation and hope. Then her lips began to move in a recited verse.

" For in the hand of the Lord there is a cup.

And the wine is red.

It is fully mixed, and He pours it out. "

For in the hand of the Lord there is a cup.

And the wine is red.

It is fully mixed, and He pours it out. The white wolf in the distance howled as William pinned him by the throat. Ivan glanced at his Luna in alarm, waiting for her command. But a tear was slowly winding down the smooth plain of her cheek. Her jaw clenched for the final line of her recitation.

" Surely its dregs shall all the wicked of the earth drain down and drink. "

Surely its dregs shall all the wicked of the earth drain down and drink. William's snarl suddenly sounded wet and Ivan turned, horrified to watch the black wolf tear his fangs from the white wolf's throat, carnage and blood coming with the teeth.

The white wolf thrashed once more, then fell still. White fur on red ice with the black of the mountains looming over her corpse.

Because the white wolf was a she.

Realisation dawning, Ivan turned back to the Luna, panic clenching his muscles and adding to the pain in his arm.

"Luna!" he cried. She still was there, tall and proud but bleeding from her neck. Ivan reached for her, expecting her to collapse. But instead she merely faded by degrees like the mirage from before.

Her hands were shadowed with ghostly transparency, but her expression remained unperturbed as she offered him a chalice. It steamed red like fresh-drawn blood. "Pour it out, pup," she said, and nearly smiled at him. "And if you still have strength. Drink what remains."

Ivan took the cup from her and went to grab her wrist, to help, to maybe staunch the blood.

But his hands went through air.

"Drink?" Ivan stammered. He could see straight through the blood that spread down her chest to the frost on the other side. "That's it?"

She smiled then, clutching her staff between them with two hands. Her eyes strayed to the dead white wolf on the ice. "Justice is more simple than people think. But more costly than you can imagine." She looked at him again, dead in the eye, before she left him entirely. "It will tear you to pieces."



And then she was gone—her body fading with a shimmer like steam.

"Luna!" Ivan stepped towards where she had been and the movement sloshed some of the chalice's contents over his fingers. He hissed in pain and held the cup away from himself. The liquid scalded blisters across his skin.

He looked more closely at the cup. The mouth of the chalice was the size of his palm. The polished gold was inset with a fine, ruby-filled engraving of White Pine's insignia. Inside sloshed dark red liquid—so dark it sometimes shadowed black. And it made Ivan remember the red-black streams of blood that had spilled from Lianne's shoulder.

His hand tightened around the chalice, determination steeling over doubt.

His neck prickled with the awareness of being watched. Ivan lifted his head to find William looking up from the white pelt he'd torn apart. If he was confused at finding the wolf he'd assumed he'd killed some eight metres up the ice, the black wolf didn't show it. He only had eyes for the chalice. In a fluid motion, he shifted back to human skin.

"Hey," William said, in the falsely calm tones one throws a wild animal. "Hey, put that down." He stood slowly to his feet, as if not to startle Ivan into doing something rash.

Ivan tipped the chalice away from himself and the hot liquid fell to the ice with a hiss.

William began walking towards him at a clipped pace. "Don't touch that," he was saying, more urgently now.

Ivan looked at the hole he'd burnt in the ice. With a gurgle, the cold, crimson water spurt the beginnings of a puddle at his feet. He saw the faces beneath the ice watching his tipping hand with a starved hunger. They had waited so long for someone to pay this price. To finally let them free. Ivan's breath quickened; his heart began to tremble in fear or anticipation. But his hands were steady.

In one even movement, he poured the contents of the cup in an arch at his feet. It slashed red on the frost like a wound, steam rising with a sizzle that sounded like the distant roar of an unsatisfied crowd.

"Don't, you fool!" William cried as Ivan sloshed the thick, pulpy remains from the cup's pit towards his lips. His brother was a metre away now. "They'll kill the both of us!"

Ivan's eyes locked with William's crazed, genuinely fearful ones. Cold water was lapping up, his bare feet and the chalice was burning in his grip, searing the Pack insignia into his palm like a brand.

"So be it," Ivan said with a growl and tossed the contents of the cup down his throat.

It was rough, like sand pulled from the sea and tasted worse than any demon Ivan had ever smelt. It burned and scalded down his throat. And seemed to writhe in his chest like a snake unwilling to be caught. The chalice fell to the watery ice.

The ice shuddered.

Ivan choked, but clamped his mouth shut. He felt every grainy last dreg of the drink expanding in his chest. Each a blister of hot blood and salty tears. He smelt the metal of wolf traps, heard Jess' screams of grief as she cursed them, and tasted Tatiana's blood from the bathroom floor. Thousands of deaths and grudges, hates and fears burst inside him.

He was dying. William was lunging for him. The ice was cracking.

Suddenly, the floor caved in. William slipped and the blood-water gobbled him whole. Then, it swallowed Ivan in turn.





Cold, salty red rushed up his nose, wormed through the cuts in his body, and jostled his arm back from its socket. Ivan felt a scream build in him, but his teeth clenched closed. The dregs still burned within him. He might have been crying. But the heat inside him and cold around his body was too overwhelming to tell.

Something slimy slid over Ivan's ankle. A finger brushed his neck. He felt hair swirling about his legs.

Suddenly, hands were all over him. Dragging him down, screaming at him, crying at him. Teeth flashed and suddenly jaws were clamped into his flesh. The ghosts tore at him as they had once been torn at.

No, that wasn't right. Ivan's eyes opened to the dark cold.

It wasn't faces and hands he was seeing anymore. It was scales. And fangs. And claws.

" He made a deal with demons ."

So this was the deal. Will had traded his soul to escape the contracts their Pack's sin had already signed in blood. A dragon to fight a dragon. But blue scales swam with the red. And Will too would pay; would drink the blood they'd split.

He made a deal with demons

In a shred of skin, Ivan felt his own side torn from him. Cold water flooded where his warm flesh had been.

Drink? he thought desperately, thrashing to free himself from the long teeth that dug into his thigh, from the scales slipping around his throat. There could be no victory in frigid water, nothing good in the burning dregs of that cup. Only pain. And more pain. And death.

Drink? Ivan bore it the best he could, trying to remember that sigh of tired hope from the Luna on the ice. But when another set of claws plunged into his chest, right above his heart, and twisted around his breastbone—Ivan screamed, cold blood filled his mouth, and he was gone.





"For the love of heaven, Ivan! You'd best not die on me now!" Lianne voice was screaming at him from somewhere.

Ivan couldn't feel his body but was very certain everything hurt. He managed to pry one eye open.

Lianne was crying, held off from him at a distance. Rain was pouring from a hole in the roof and running in warm tracks down his face. If the rain was warm—how did Ivan get so cold?

A wolf in a top hat leaned over him, smelling of scotch and that-side perfume. "He's alive," Alpha said.

Kate's voice, sharp and almost snarlish with anger, came from near his feet. "Ivan. You are under arrest for insubordination and instigating a pack overturn. Do not resist. You will be killed."

Ivan was returning to himself now. There was the cry of a baby off in the corner. The growl of a feral wolf near his head. And the rain dribbling from Alpha's hat onto Ivan's bare chest.

It all came back to him. The beast, the ice, the dragon, the blood.

Ivan heard himself laugh at the absurd comfort of a top hat. Then he rolled over, coughed up a litre of ice-cold blood, and cried into the rain-warm cobblestones with relief.





46. Stitches and Pews


Lianne's testimony filled things in. Which was a relief, since the paperwork concerning Ivan's side of the story would have been a nightmare.

From her standpoint, neither he nor William had left the Altar. They had remained a pew apart, growling and gnashing their teeth as the rain poured through the ceiling. Suddenly, both had seized up like the pew had fed them a live wire and collapsed in convulsions. Thrashing and foaming at the mouth, they'd writhed until Lianne swore every bone in their body should have broken.

If the hunter taking notes for Kate doubted Lianne's story, he just had to glance at William's body to confirm her statement. No one had bothered to cover up Will's corpse in the rain. It was a gnarled mess; his spine arching at an unnatural angle, his fingers curled like talons in the cracks of the stone, his jaw was dislocated in an empty scream.

He hadn't died of the pain though. It was bullet to the brain.

A bullet from Lianne's peashooter. Jess had fired a frenzy of rounds and one had neatly buried itself in the beast's skull.

"Should have let him suffer," Lianne said with disdain. And that concluded her report.

As for Jess, she refused to offer a statement. Hate for wolves still bristled her spine as Kate's team of medics and scouts swarmed about. Only Curt seemed to set her grudge aside. Helene's proximity helped the wolf, so she'd stood behind him with the child in her arms. Apparently, the pup's shattered leg was the price he'd paid to retrieve Helene from William's hold. The beast had cradled the screaming child to taunt Lianne with the life they'd share.

A missing testimony from a primary witness; another paperwork nightmare waiting to happen. Although Ivan didn't know why he cared about paperwork. That was no longer his job.

No one asked him for his statement regardless. Apparently his sobs on the Altar's floor and near-resurrection in a retch of blood served as a testimony in its own right. His wolves—formerly his wolves, he reminded himself—had yet to recover from the sound of their Beta's tears, the smell of the blood from his lungs. Formerly-their-Beta's tears.

Ivan sat on a rightly-turned pew with a rain-soggy blanket around his shoulders and tried to pulse a calm influence over the room. His hand was in Curt's cold, matted fur. The pup, still half crazed with fear and pain, refused treatment for his leg without Ivan nearby. And his leg looked bad, maybe too bad for a wolf's strength to heal.

Lianne was somewhere behind him—tending to Helene's minor wounds while a medic hovered near by. Her scent seeped a warm yellow in his cold bones; seemed to colour the dribbling rain, stone rubble and cracked rafters with a touch of gold and green.

And while Ivan was cold and jobless and nearly Packless (more paperwork was needed to make that official), he felt lighter than he had in years. Like an old skin had been peeled off him and he was sitting here a new man. Sore shoulder, recently bandaged cuts and all.

Lianne's hand brushed the blue blanket on his shoulders. Ivan was careful not to move, but felt everything in him lean towards her touch. Closer up, she smelt of mildew from the old Pack house, disinfectant and Helene's dried blood. Sedating and stitching up claw marks on the child was no easy task.

Ivan let himself rest a hand on hers. "Have you ever done stitches before?"

Lianne sat on the pew beside him. While her breath was shaky, her voice was unperturbed by the wolfs, the puddles, the body and the blood around them. "Plenty of times. You don't grow up this side without watching stitches done. And if you have the stomach for it, you learn it yourself."

"Hm," Ivan said. Her yellow dress was sodden, but most of the red down its front had rinsed to pink.

"Jess'll let the medic see her now. He'll take care of her hand." Lianne cringed. There was no hand now. "Her wrist. Though Jess has always wanted to look into mechanical limbs and such. No better opportunity now."



"Hm."

Lianne clicked her tongue at him. "Hm," she mocked.

Ivan felt himself soften with a laugh.

Various scouts and medics paused their work to look up at Ivan with apprehension. Alpha—watching carefully from the shadow of the Altar's pillar—glared at him. Hell.

The snap of Kate's pocket watch spurred her wolves back into action. She brought over the syringe of bane they gave their criminals, given the glass a squirt and a flick. "They relocated your shoulder?" she asked brusquely.

Her hurried speech showed more of her hand than she intended. She was furious with him. And under her fury, she felt betrayed.

That made Ivan's heart squirm more than the prospect of bane. "Yes, Delta," Ivan answered deferentially. Technically, she was Delta-Beta now. What with Ivan out for the count.

She gave a little squirt of the purple liquid from the syringe and Ivan held out his arm.

"What's that?" Lianne asked with alarm.

"A sedative of our own sort," Ivan answered before Kate could quip something to worry her. The needle pricked and the bane twisted its net through his veins. The chains falling back in place around his bones.

He didn't fight it, so it didn't fight him.

"Up, then," Kate said shortly. "We'll take you and your beast-corpse back to our-side."

Ivan felt Lianne's eyes drift to the beast's mangled body. Her hands ran anxiously down her skirt. He resituated the blanket over his shoulders. "Just a moment before I go," he asked quietly, eyeing Kate from the corner of his eye. "Please."

Kate returned the askance look, pretending to be busy wiping the syringe on her neatly pressed kerchief. "People are watching, Ivan," she warned, but walked away all the same.

Leaving Lianne and Ivan in a semblance of privacy. Of course Curt still rested on Ivan's feet, Thomas hovered in their periphery and Kate's recovery team all leant half an ear to their conversation.

Lianne rose her brow at the wary wolves. "Beta's Mistress, eh?" she muttered, probably unaware that all the wolves caught her every word. When Ivan didn't laugh, she glanced warily at Kate, then Alpha in his shadowed corner. "She seemed very angry with you."

Ivan cringed. "I've got myself in quite a bit of trouble coming here tonight. Kate hates trouble."

As he spoke, medics came to clear Will's body on a gurney. Both he and Lianne watched it leave the Altar in silence.

"Old Mother's funeral vigil will be in a few days." Lianne's hands shook lightly. Ivan hadn't known she was crying until she spoke.

Before Ivan could think of a better solution than offering her a sodden corner of his blanket, Thomas appeared at his shoulder, offering Lianne a pack kerchief. "Lady," he said in morose tones. His eyes darted to his Alpha, nervous to be seen in cahoots with a criminal.

Lianne took the kerchief, scoffed a laugh through her tears and ran her fingers over the back wolf embroidered in the corner. "I should feel relieved, really," she said, tipping her head back to sniff away the tears. She wiped her cheeks with the white fabric. "Thank you, Thomas."

"I'll attend the vigil," the brawler promised. "Even if Beta- er, even if Ivan can't."

Lianne crumpled the handkerchief in her grip. "Can't come?"

"Tradition has me locked up for a week." Ivan ran his hand comfortingly over Curt's snout; Lianne's aggravation was making him nervous. "Isolation is good for reflection."



He said this common phrase with a shrug. But as soon as the words left his mouth, red and ice knifed across his vision in the colours more real than anything the grey, mossy Altar could offer. He saw the Luna, shaking her head at the mountain line. " Isolation and no self-compassion. As bad as pride for the propagation of sin. "

Isolation and no self-compassion. As bad as pride for the propagation of sin. Lianne's small hand slipped into his; the warmth of her fingers and their slight tremor bringing him back to the splintered pew. He straightened and tried to shrug off the chill in his veins with a wry smile. Lianne withdrew her hands.

"I should say thank you, Ivan." Her words came out in a nervous knot as her fingers worried the edges of the kerchief. "I can't let you head back without telling you how much... Everything... I—"

She stopped as Ivan rested his hands on her worrying fingers. She looked up at him. He smiled, feeling a pain in him that she felt she had to thank him at all.

Alpha began to walk over, tugging at the rim of his tophat to hide his eyes.

Lianne noticed and carefully tucked her emotions into a nearly indifferent poise. She pressed the kerchief in Ivan's hand as if that had been the intention of her proximity all along. "Thank you all the same, wolf," she withdrew and stood, straightening her wet skirts. "I don't want to add to your trouble."

Alpha stopped a looming meter away.

Ivan grabbed Lianne's wrist before she could leave. He smiled at her surprise and pressed the kerchief back into her palm. "A memento," he said, more proud and relieved now than he'd been on learning of William's death. "A memento of a promise well kept."

Her beautiful lips lifted in a near-smile. She folded the kerchief neatly and pressed it to her abdomen. "Thank you."

With a grace Ivan had thought unknown to this side, Lianne dipped her sodden, daisy-torn dress in a deep curtsey. The whole altar seemed to tip with her movement, each wolf stopping for a moment to watch her head dip and her skirts brush the floor.

When she stood, she bit her lip, wiped at her cheeks and wouldn't look at Ivan again. Instead, she reached up to straighten Thomas' new pack uniform. She sniffed and he leaned down to let her cuff his chin. "See you at the vigil, then, Thomas. You're a good wolf, eh?"

Thomas neither swelled nor scoffed with her compliment. Instead he straightened like the world was on his shoulders, watching her turn away from them with an expression akin to misery.

Ivan stood, laughing a little. "Come on, pup," he jostled the brawler with his shoulder. "You'll do fine with out her."

"Will we though?" Thomas said as Lianne squared her shoulders and resolutely stepped towards Alpha.

Ivan felt his heart clench as Lewis frowned down at her—so short and defiant with her braids dripping down her back.

She cleared her throat. "I remember you. Even if you don't remember me."

Lewis considered her, then tugged at his cuffs. "I remember you."

"You gave me one of these." She held up the kerchief, the drafts in the Altar twisting the black-stitched wolf like a flag. "I gave it back to you covered in blood."

Lewis watched her like she might bite him.

Instead, she dipped her head to him in the barest of curtsies. "Now one of your own had returned it to me. My blood washed clean. I thank you for that. And I hope—" her back was to Ivan, but he knew her fierce look for her tone—"you don't punish them too harshly for the good they've done me, this city and even your Pack. There were battles fought today you'll never have to see, but needed fighting all the same."

Lewis didn't say anything, but his eyes darted to Ivan's. More angry still. As if Lianne spoke by his request.

Then Lianne—without being dismissed—stepped past Lewis and called over her shoulder. "Jess. Let's get Lynn out of the cold, shall we? These wolves have work to do. No—Curt, you stay. They can help your leg and that Kate woman said you have to sit trial."

Curt bared his teeth at her.

"I don't want to hear it, wolf. Come on, Jess. We have a vigil to plan." With one last arching look for her Altar and a half a smile for Ivan, she hefted her skirts, climbed a split pew and left.

Ivan turned to face his Alpha, but Lewis was turning his back on him in a great stoop of shoulders. "Get him in the cells," he growled to Kate.

She bared her throat in acknowledgement. Alpha left and Kate took a moment to twist the key in her little gold watch. She snapped the cover closed once, twice, three times. Then jerked her head to Ivan with a pinch in her lips. "You heard him. On with it."





47. Paper and Throats


Being all for justice was good in theory. But it turned out justice smelt like his cell's urinal and came with mushy porridge and a side of gossip for breakfast.

One would think he'd have some quiet in his isolation cell. But after his initial twenty-eight straight hours of sleep, his days were filled with daily reports of the Pack gossip, passed through the grate of his cell a never-ending stream.

That feral pup—this was the phrase his guard used for Curt—wasn't doing well. He'd lost his leg in the end; amputated it the day of Ivan's arrest after various failed reconstructions. In human form, he was missing his right arm. He'd filed for official rogue status and permission to live in the City of Beltan. It was probably for the best, Ivan's guard thought; a feral, feral pup, that one—Ivan's guard tended towards repetitive descriptors to convey his emotion.

Everyone wanted to know about the woman that had lured Ivan to the other side of the river.

But Charles never said a thing about her and the new pup—Thomas—he was as morosely silent about his weeks across the river.

The rumours circling Thomas were particularly vicious. How'd he gotten the collar he'd worn for months? How'd he get it off? How the hell'd he get so, so big?

But then Tatiana overshadowed it all. She called up Beltan's Teeth and printed her opinions of the Pack in large, front-line ink. Monsters. Beasts. No sense of control. Stories of Alpha's affair with Alexandra were pasted all over the city. Sordid, sordid stuff that.

Beltan's Teeth Somehow, a picture of William's twisted body made it in the papers the next day with wild conjectures. Ivan was implicated. Some nameless victim was involved too—that woman? And Ivan could really tell him nothing?

Cutting River had apologised on William's behalf for the public, but cut ties with White Pine and the City of Beltan regardless. They were as good as out of the running for the Royal Wolves title. What with Whites Pine's Beta able to slay a Cutting River Alpha. Good, good that.

The queen wanted to see Ivan, but his detainment was top, top secret.

Yet, behold, the next day his arrest was somehow in the press too. Bad, bad news, that.

But Ivan was assured the press would make his trial the event of the year.

Salacious Alpha deposing his alpha-slaying Beta for a woman no one knew anything about on the other side of the river? Hot, hot stuff, that.

Ivan watched his gloopy porridge drop back to its bowl from his spoon with a splat. He curled his lip at the sound. When he was sure the guard had exhausted his tabloid tales, Ivan pushed the tin bowl back through the grate.





"Thanks, Henry," he said. Three more days.

He'd be expelled. Which meant no more City of Beltan. Which meant no more gossip and, hopefully, less over-done porridge.

No more of Lianne's cooking either. Ivan half-heartedly toyed with the idea of a prison break. A few hours of sky-filled air, precious quiet and maybe one of Lianne's muffins in the old Pack house. But that would be counter-productive.

Ivan's sole task in this isolation cell was to push her as far from his mind as possible. Because when he was brought before the Pack, he needed his voice to brush over her name with nothing but complete indifference. A nameless woman on that side of the river.





"You ready?" Ivan's guard prison asked, holding the cracked closed-door button so his team could assemble themselves before they entered the tribunal. Henry checked the alignment of his collar in the scratchy reflection of steel. "They're mad, mad, mad out there. Brace yourself."



"Here." Ivan lifted his handcuffed hands and swept a stray hair back into Henry's crisply gelled coif. "Better."

With a mumbled thanks, Henry straightened his shoulders, faced the door and arranged his expression to something of a scowl. "Attention!" he barked.

The guards clicked their heels and bared their throats. One of them slammed the bane-gun against his chest with a rattling salute.

Ivan let his handcuffs rest on the thin cotton of his shifters and with a ding, the elevator announced their arrival.

Camera flashes popped from a scatter of angles with smoke and calls for attention. Ivan squinted, shying back a step. Henry grabbed his arm and pulled him forward.

"Step aside, ladies and gents! Step aside!" One of Henry's brawlers ploughed ahead, her big build clearing a path.

So Alpha had let this trial be open to the press.

Ivan felt the first prick of nervousness in his chest. And, breathing in the air of a crowd, Ivan swore he smelt something sulphury slithering between them.

"Let him through!" Henry called.

They descended the tribunal's steps. The floor was set up in concentric circles like an old amphitheater. The steps were more symbols than practical tools. A criminal crawling low to meet justice as Alpha towered above.

Alpha was there, towering over Ivan's kneeler on a tall dais in the innermost ring. He sat in a rich green wingback, his elbow resting on the armrest and his feet sprawled under his desk. Kate stood behind him in a black skirt and grey-tweed waistcoat, and her hands clasped calmly before her.

Lewis had no posture, no interest in the papers on his desk.

So Kate had been the one to open the meeting to the press. Things must be bad.

Ivan passed the ring of Pack elders, seated on wooden chairs and frowning at him. He bared his throat to any who caught his eye. Above them spread public seats. And not one was empty. Like a hive, each step was full of whispering pack members, reporters and queen's representatives. Ivan was relieved to reach the centre. Just a kneeler, a witness podium and a secretary at a typewriter.

"Prisoner Ivan, Alpha!" Henry announced and the scattered whispers of the crowd fell silent.

The clink of Ivan's handcuffs filled the room. Henry brought out a syringe of bane and pumped the drug in Ivan's system. The leash of chains was beginning to feel normal now. Not a sound came from the crowds as the guard unlocked the handcuffs, bared his throat to Alpha and backed away.

Ivan knelt at the kneeler and bared his throat.

Lewis' dead-angry eyes watched him, his fingers tightening around a white handkerchief on the desk. Then he waved a hand at Kate. "Let us begin."

Kate nodded to the first circle and Ivan's interrogator entered the ring.

Ivan knew surprise showed on his face—caught in a pop of a camera.

Father Julian, Ivan's confessor of countless years, lifted his priestly garb to descend the stairs. Priests were often used in the Tribune as interrogators, but bringing in Julian was almost a vouch in Ivan's favour. If anyone would want his name cleared, it would be this priest.

Ivan's eyes flicked to Kate. She was rubbing the face of her watch with her thumb. Ivan felt a weight boring into him when her eyes locked his.

Here. She seemed to be saying. Everything you need to prove you were in the right. Show me leaving us here was your best choice.



And Ivan saw the wear the last days had had on her. Her fingernails had been bitten to stubs, her watch's shine faded with her worrying hands. She tucked both hands and watch in her pockets when she caught Ivan looking and tilted her head to Father Julian.

"Priest. You may begin," she said and stepped back behind Alpha's desk.

Father Julian looked at Ivan, bare-skinned and needle-prodded in the kneeler, and his frown flickered in grief.

Ivan wasn't sure Father Julian was a particularly good confessor. He was the sort of wolf Ivan shared a bottle of wine with to philosophically ponder the horrors of the world. Confession was in there somewhere, but not a formal thing. Although, he was the priest that forbade him using wolf traps.

"Well," Father Julian said, running his hands over his potbelly with a frown. "Well, Ivan. Where to begin?"

The secretary's long nails loudly recorded his words on the keys of typewriter's ink.

"You know what is at stake here today. It is not just your title but your very place in White Pine."

"Yes, Father."

"And do you know what's brought you here?"

Ivan nodded. "I disobeyed my Alpha."

"A direct order?"

"Yes, Father."

"Hm." Father Julian leisurely paced in front of Ivan for a moment, the pause allowing for whispers to trickle down the circles of the tribunal. "So you admit disobedience."

"I do."

"Were you challenging Alpha?"

"I was not."

A grumble rose from the crowd.

One of the elders hit their traditional staff on the floor. "Of course he would say that now," he called.

Ivan bared his throat. "I made it clear to everyone around me that I was not foolish enough to challenge White Pine."

Lewis was wrapping that handkerchief through his fingers and watching Ivan with a curl in his lips.

"Then if not to challenge him..." The priest hesitated and cast a look to Alpha over his shoulder. Lewis looked away. "Why?" he asked, so quietly the wolves in the room stilled to catch it and whispered the word to their human neighbours in a hushed chorus of "Why? Why? Why?"

Ivan folded his hands on the kneeler, kneading his thumbs and taking a slow breath.

Because Lewis was drunk.

Because William was sick.

Because Lianne was everything they'd hoped for.

The reasons built up in him and Ivan shuddered, pushing them all back down. "I cannot answer that."

The hive of a crowd jostled at his words in hisses of disapproval. A few growls and snapped-teeth sounded in the air, only fed by the way Alpha straightened, his dark eyes cutting down to Ivan with all that hate.

Kate stepped forward, her jaw sharp and her eyes plated over like slate. Lewis twitched a finger that let her speak.

"You will answer, Wolf Ivan. Unclear answers will only stir unrest in the pack." She looked down on him from her pedestal, her head tilting to the side. "And, that. I will not allow."

Her pulse pounded in the proud line of her throat. She needed the answers alongside everyone else. It was the Pack. And it was personal. For all of them.



Ivan weighed his options. "I put family before pack."

Kate still loomed at the edge of the dais. "Explain."

"My brother returned to the city. He had been tried for killing my mother." Ivan titled his head to the more stooped of the elders, who probably had sat Will's trial as well. "Fifteen years ago he was exiled. He raised a following in Cutting River and returned an Alpha. Prior knowledge led me to believe he would be looking for someone of importance to him on the other side of the river. So I trailed that person until he showed up. When he did..." Ivan tried to present the story with some relative light of truth. "I lost sight of my role in the pack and disobeyed Alpha to find him."

Kate spread a hand on the corner of Alpha's desk. "Again, Wolf Ivan, the question is, why?"

Ivan felt a touch of pride within him at Kate's tone. She'd do well for the pack. She really would.

"Answer my question, wolf," she all but snarled. Her eyes caught Ivan's smile.

Ivan shrugged. "Atonement has been my greatest burden since William left. He tarnished my family line, left a wake of blood and harm and death and made the pack pay for his wrongs. I couldn't let that stand. I took it as my call to make up for his wrongs." Ivan nodded to the priest. "Father Julian was my counsel when I was young. He knows how much this meant to me."

"So you forfeited your pack, for atonement," Kate repeated.

The crowd's teeth and growls sounded again.

The scrape of a chair sounded from the elder's stair and Thomas was rushing to his feet in indignation. Ivan didn't know how he'd missed him and Charles tucked between all the elders—sitting in the witness seats.

Camera flashes ate up Thomas' uniformed bulk like hungry teeth.

"Wait your turn, pup," Charles growled, dragging the pup back to his seat.

"But it's more complica—"

"I said to wait your turn!"

Lewis waved his hand in their direction. "We will hear from the witnesses now."

Charles stood before Thomas could. "I will go first."

He descended the stairs and took his place in the witness podium.

At a signal from Kate, Father Julian approached the stand. "For the record, state your name and rank."

"I am Charles. Gamma of the Pack of the White Pined Woods."

The typewriter noisily clacked down his words.

"And how are you connected to this mess?" the priest asked.

"I was sent by Alpha to keep an eye on the Beta as he trailed the woman his brother wanted."

"What was your take on the situation?"

Ivan squeezed his hands together. If they could make it through this with Lianne unscathed, Ivan could leave the city in peace.

"Beta- Excuse me, Wolf Ivan really did not like his brother. And I think it was with good reason."

Julian's eyes circled back to Ivan. "Did it ever seem in Ivan like rogue-thoughts were settling in?"

Charles shook his head. For the first time since his entrance, a little peek of the fire in him rippled under his tattoos. "Not once."

"Runs in the family though," an elder said, with a boom of their staff. "Brother, then him. A twin set, no less."

Charles didn't react, but Thomas bristled across the ring.



"Curt going feral doesn't help his case either, " said another elder, staff to the ground.

Charles tilted his head in submission to their words, even while sparing Ivan a look. "Ivan has always been the farthest thing from rogue I have ever seen a wolf. I would have sworn his loyalty to the pack." His eyes crawled up the dais to Alpha. "Still would actually."

Lewis was fiddling with his papers. "And yet here we are."

Charles' hands tightened on the podium.

"I have here," Lewis continued, his eyes lifting to Charles over his papers. "That you swore loyalty to Ivan immediately after his dissent."

Charles grit his teeth. The room swelled with whispers and popped with camera flashes like bullets.

Lewis let people talk for a moment, evening the edges of his papers with a sharp tap on the table. When he spoke, it was with a tone of mercy. "While this evidence could be seen as treason, I will choose to overlook it."

A muscle in Charles' jaw ticked, but he slowly tilted his chin and bared his throat in thanks.

"However." Lewis set his papers on his desk and slumped back in his chair. "It does mean your testimony is unreliable, so I will ask you to sit down."

Charles nodded and turning away from the dais. Then stopped himself.

Ivan held his breath.

When Charles turned back to Alpha, it was with that self-deprecating, hunter smile. "But think, Alpha. If I did swear loyalty to him, he obviously rejected me. So perhaps he is loyal after all."

Lewis' eyes turned hot. "I said, sit down , wolf."

sit down Charles obeyed.

"Next witness," Kate called, "Thomas."

Lewis waved his hand from his slouch in his chair. "Ivan was the one to take him off probation. He'll be biased too. Next."

Thomas stood anyway. "Alpha, Delta Kate," he began.

Both wolves turned, frowning at him.

Thomas shuddered under their combined dominance and wiped his hands down his uniform pants. "I will tell you what Ivan won't," he said bravely

Ivan's head snapped to the pup, hands moving to grip the edge of his kneeler.

The brawler didn't look at him. "If it will lessen Ivan's sentence or absolve him entirely—I have no fear of your questions."

Ivan felt a growl unravel in his chest.

Which made Lewis narrow his eyes and Kate arch a brow.

"Your adamance is admirable," Kate said, folding her hands in a gentle look. "However, it also confirms your biases."

"It's not about probation! Well, it is." Thomas stumbled around elders' staffs to get to the stairs. "But it just— see, Delta." He finally made it to the stairs and paused to straighten his uniform collar, his fingers lingering at the scar there. Cameras burst like a flurry of white wings. "I know what it's like to be a criminal after exile. If I can spare him that—"

"That is not your job, pup," Ivan growled.

Father Julian was watching Ivan with keen interest. "Perhaps we should—" he began.

Lewis beat him to it. "Get yourself to the stand, then."

Thomas climbed the steps, still ridiculously huge in the wolf-sized stand.

Ivan kept his breath steady and folded his hands back on the kneeler's ledge.

Thomas cleared his throat. "I am ready."



Lewis gestured to the priest.

Father Julian was considering Thomas' bulk with his finger drumming on the secretary's desk. "Is there anything that might justify Ivan's disobedience?" he asked, straight for the jugular.

Thomas finally spared Ivan a glance. "Well, there was a woman."

Father Julian blinked in surprise, and the crowd lapped Thomas' answer up with a tide of murmurs. "Was this woman claimed as his mate?"

Thomas wavered. "Not really."

"Did she reject him then?" The priest sounded affronted for Ivan's sake.

"No." Thomas cringed a bit. "A little of the opposite, I guess."

"He rejected her ?" Father Julian had lost all formal tone now, and was leaning forward like any other town gossip. "Why the hell would he—"

her "For the Pack, see. He rejected her for the Pack."

Lewis' face was expressionless, but his tone held the barest of snarls. "Then he should have left her for the Pack."

Thomas nodded a moment, his eyes flicking up the dais to see their reactions, and then down to the secretary who click-clacked away at her transcription. "But, then, see, the Lady would be dead."

Kate was unimpressed. "We can't be held accountable for every death that side of the river. We're wolves, not gods."

"But the Lady, see. She matters." Thomas alternated his weight restless feet. "I mean. Damn. So does the Pack, God knows. But she... she had no one but us and her death would mean...."

"Mean what, exactly?" Kate was losing patience.

Thomas hunched his shoulders at her tone. "I don't know what. But it would be bad. The world would be worse off for it. She's-- she's—" Thomas swallowed and Ivan felt his heart drop before he even said the word. "She's a Luna, see?" he said the words with a flinch.

Ivan stood so suddenly, his kneeler toppled forward and the scout with the bane-gun emerged from behind the dais and aimed for Ivan's chest. But after the original rush of movement, no one said a thing. Even the secretary stopped her typing.

Lewis blinked, his head listing to the side. "A Luna?" he growled.

His mate was Luna. His mate who had shamed their Pack ten times over this week alone. Thomas' words were an insult as well as a challenge.

Thomas hunched deeper into the podium, his big hands sweating on the stand's ledge.

"What... caliber of Luna?" Lewis asked, his voice slow.

"The sort that—"

"Thomas," Ivan snapped the pup's name. "Don't. You swore to me you wouldn't."

Thomas' breath hitched and he met Ivan's gaze, his eyes guilty but torn.

Lewis stood himself, looming over them from the dais. "You don't have to listen to him, Thomas," Alpha said. Thomas tilted his head up to look at him. Lewis narrowed his eyes, he leaned his fists on the table and bent down like a giant, stone gargoyle peering down a city's wall. "I'm your Alpha, Thomas. Tell me what you mean by Luna."

Thomas looked to Ivan, then back up to the pedestal.

Lewis spoke to Kate over his shoulder. "What was her name, again? We'll have her brought."

Kate's eyes were fixed on Ivan. Angry and accusing. A Luna?

The rest of the crowd was stirred back to life. This time Ivan felt like he could hear each comment from the stairs at his back.



"Like an old way Luna?"

"I've lost five pups and two decades of my life to that whore of a Luna, Tat."

"The sort that heals and—"

"What the hell is one doing that side of the river?"

"And why the hell did Beta let her go?"

"Ivan could have ruled—what with a Luna."

Ivan felt like someone was shoving all the crowd's words down his throat and he was choking.

"Enough!" Ivan cried, turning a snarl on Thomas. "The pup doesn't know what he was talking about."

He'd gone through all this to keep her out. He wouldn't have her dragged back to his side and forced to serve a Pack she'd only just escaped from.

Lewis slammed a fist on the table and it cracked. "I asked, you a question, pup! You will answer. What the hell do you mean by Luna?"

hell Thomas gripped the stand, his chest rising and falling with big breaths through his nose as he resisted the pull of Alpha's dominance. He snarled, trying to decide, and turned to Ivan. "I can't tell who the Pack needs more, Beta. Her or you."

"He's not your Beta!" Alpha snarled. "Someone bring this hussie here!"

Thomas recoiled at the word, his breath coming shorter now. "Damn. I repeal everything I've said."

"What was her name, Thomas?" Lewis roared

"I said, I take it all back!" Thomas cried. "I never said her name!"

"You can't take it back," Father Julian said distantly. He was watching Ivan like he was on the brink of piecing it all together. "It's recorded."

Thomas growled and in a lunge over the podium landed before the secretary. Camera flashes filled the rooms with chemical flashes of chaos, the scout with the bane-gun changed targets and fired, and Thomas yanked the secretaries notes from the teeth of her typewriter and ripped them to shreds.

Alpha watched his notes disappear, snapped his eyes to Ivan and roared. "You have sabotaged my Pack!" Alpha's dominance reached to crush him, but the power only slid down a wall of Ivan's influence.

Ivan cringed. Alpha tried again, only to have his power bounce back at him.

And in the smoke of camera flashes, the drifting descent of torn paper and the quiet of the startled crowd, Thomas flicked the gun's feathered dart from his neck and snarled at the scout who'd shot it. It took a lot more than one round to fell a wolf of his size.

Then, no one moved for a moment. A late camera spilled light on the scene.

Alpha was looking at Ivan like he'd never seen the wolf before. Kate was wrapping her watch's chain around her fingers. Charles watched Alpha slump in his chair with a greedy light to his eyes.

Ivan sighed and righted his toppled kneeler. With what he could gather of his influence, he priced back together the room.

"Stand down, pup." He told Thomas gently. "Back to your seat."

The crowd watched Thomas snap his teeth at the scout, kick the tattered remains of the trial notes and lumber back to his seat. Then, everyone breathed again.

The frenzy had bled from the room. And now everyone watched Ivan with a frayed panic that neared tears.

Ivan knelt back in his place.

"I haven't meant to sabotage anything, Alpha. I swear it." He took a deep breath, resting his lips on his folded hands. "But don't send for her, Alpha."



Lewis wouldn't look him dead in the eye. Ivan's influence picked up anger and fear from the wolf. And something else. Something that burned suspiciously like jealousy.

Ivan bared his throat. "Leave her alone and I'll tell you what I can."

Kate snapped her fingers to father Julian and the priest approached him with caution. "Go on, then."

Ivan looked down at his folded hands to find them shaking; emotion filled him near to the point of tears. "I love this Pack," he said with a watery laugh.

He braced himself, then looked up at the dais. "Lewis, I love you. And I love Tat too. Thomas, Kate, Charles. From the brawlers among us to the runts and the scouts and the hunters, the pegs, runners—Hell." He felt sick to his stomach with words he didn't know how to say.

And why couldn't they just take Lianne again? If he loved this Pack like he did, how could he keep her from them? Maybe ask for a visit every full moon?

"Don't let him influence you," some elder murmured to another.

Ivan laughed, his nausea souring with bitterness. "Fear and hate," he said the two words like he was bleeding.

"Tell us about the woman!" someone in the crowd called.

Ivan ran his hands through his hair. "God, I love her too."

The room stilled, not even a camera flashed. But Ivan looked straight for Alpha. "I love her," he repeated. "But I can't turn her into a Tatiana. She doesn't want power or a wolf for a mate or a Pack. And any chance we had to win her over was torn out of her shoulder fifteen years ago."

Alpha glared at him, a hand to his temple.

"See there are curses..." Ivan tried, but only pulled at his hair. He looked up and locked eyes with Father Julian, desperate for someone to understand. "Some sins tear holes in the tapestry of the way things should be. And, unless mended, people keep falling through those holes for generations."

The priest furrowed his brow.

"We lost Lianne to William's sin and our failure to protect her. No, no. We lost Lianne through the same hole in which we lost her grandmother, who was taken by a White Pine faction when we moved across the river for the queen."

"That was generations ago," Julian said, shaking his head. "You're taking on too much responsibility."

"His sin is my sin is our sin." Ivan insisted; they'd dealt with this before. The way Packs were meant to carry penance together.

The priest shook his head. "There are beasts and wolves. We can't take on the sins of both."

"Sins of inaction are the trickiest kind." Ivan leaned forward on his kneeler. "We've done nothing but strike armistice deals with those we harmed for years. No reparations. No confessions. No repentance. Do you think that won't take its toll?"

Alpha spoke from his pedestal. "What are you implying?"

"That we're stuck, Alpha." Ivan checked the hundreds of accusations he wanted to add to that. "And we've let our fear of our own kind bind us where we're needed most."

Alpha considered him. And for a moment, Ivan saw recognition flicker in the brawler's eyes. Fear he knew like his own reflection.

Kate read Alpha's silence as rejection. "Bring the woman here." She told one of Henry's guards. "Now."

Ivan held Lewis' fearful eyes. "I'll forfeit my position, Alpha. Kate will make you a spectacular Beta. Let's just do one right in this mess. Let's let her live on her side of the river."



Alpha put a hand over his eyes.

"Please, Alpha." Ivan heard the desperation in his voice as he felt Lewis cracking under the weight of hundreds of eyes. "I believe in this pack. You hear me? We're the Pack of the White Pined Woods. Pack of the City of Beltan. The Royal's Wolves. We can handle this. Even without her."

Alpha slowly raised his head. He looked around at the audience and Charles and Thomas and the priest.

Kate sensed a change in him and nervously pulled out her watch.

Someone took a picture with a pop, but someone else shushed them.

Lewis cleared his throat. "Let this be recorded somewhere."

The secretary scrambled for a pen and a scrap of paper.

Lewis straightened a fraction in his chair. "I hereby grant that woman—Luna or not—exception from pack politics. We will abide by our contract with her and anyone who disobeys will be punished."

Finally, he turned to Ivan. His gaze was weighty, but not with dominance this time, with exhaustion. "As for you. Let's get this straight. You disobeyed me."

"I did."

"You left to fight a pack enemy I was too blind to see."

Ivan blinked. "Well, not—"

"You left to right a wrong our pack has carried for generations."

What the hell?

"You left..." Lewis swallowed a grimace. "You left because you knew my orders were selfish and short-sighted."

Ivan cringed.

Slowly, Alpha stood and faced the Pack over his cracked desk. "It is true Tatiana has left me."

Kate slipped her watch back in her pocket and put a hand on Alpha's arm, concerned.

Ivan too felt a premonition buzzing in his blood like alarm.

Alpha shook Kate off. "No. No. She left me. And that's alright. Some—not all, but some—of the press around our relationships is true. Like- like the alcohol. And the bane. That night Ivan dissented, I had called him off the field for a drink."

His words spread through the crowd in nervous energy.

Ivan stood from his kneeler, his voice sharp with warning. "Alpha."

"He refused to stay with me when his wolves and his woman were in danger."

Ivan strode the dais, stopping at its foot and casting Alpha a dangerous look. Lewis glared right back at him and rounded his desk. He came so he towered one full step over Ivan. Alpha's eyes were so angry and tired, the sight of them made Ivan's fists curl.

"You keep it together," Ivan growled. Just loud enough for Kate to hear. Kate stepped back.

Alpha curled his lip at him. Then he stretched his chin up, up, pulling all those thick chords in his neck tighter and tighter and then he was baring his throat to Ivan.

Alpha, baring his throat to him.

Ivan was so shocked he didn't react.

And, neck still bare, Lewis said, "We've all known this for a while. Ivan is the better wolf here."

He took a knee. Kate followed, then Charles, then the startled crowd in a rustle of fabric.

"I'll be the one forfeiting my position today," Lewis said. "Ivan of White Pine. Alpha of the White Pined Woods."

Heaven and hell. "Get up," Ivan said; his whole body was trembling.

Lewis obeyed. And something cracked like relief in the room.

Ivan was shaking his head, his eyes wide. "I don't want this," he hissed at the brawler.

"So you said about the Beta position," Kate reminded him, standing herself. She brushed off her skirts, tucked her watch in her pocket and bared her throat. "Alpha."

Ivan turned and there was Thomas on his knees, the priest, Theo the Gamma, even the elders.

Oh, hell.

"Permission to speak, Alpha?" Kate said.

Ivan looked to her, desperate.

"Perhaps, a drink, a rest, and a speech tonight?"

Charles was suddenly behind him—Ivan could feel the hunter's grin. He nodded vaguely at Kate's suggestion.

"First, Alpha," called an elder, sounding flustered with all the changes. "Do you accept your position?"

Hundreds of wide eyes watched him. Ivan was reminded of the bodies trapped in the ice. But these were real, warm bodies. With lives still ahead of them.

Ivan felt the nausea from before squirm his heart into his throat. "For the love of it all, please stand," he said, still shaking.

People hesitated, looking at one another, but they obeyed.

Charles and Kate on either side of him, Lewis still looming sadly behind, Ivan scuffed his feet on the dais step. Then, with a cursory look to Lewis, swallowed all the nausea down.

With a deep breath for reassurance, Ivan took to a knee in front of the whole Tribune and bowed his head.

"I accept my position," Ivan said authoritatively, even while he kept his eyes to the floor. "At the least until I can talk Lewis back into his seat."

The elder Ivan knew smiled and bared his throat. "I am glad to hear it, Alpha."

"Good luck with that, Alpha," another elder joked, lifting the mood with a laugh even as his hand tightened on his staff. "Not an easy roll, that one."

Charles helped Ivan to his feet.

"Permission to speak—," Kate began, but Ivan cut her a look.

She raised a brow at his look, but lead him behind the dais to the stairwell door all the same. "You really shouldn't kneel like that, Alpha."

Charles grinned, giving her a little push with his shoulder. "I think we'll have to get used to it, eh, Beta?"

Kate gave the hunter a long-suffering look but held the door for him and Ivan. She stayed behind to tie up the trial, disperse the erupting crowds and talk to the press.

Ivan felt a rush of things as he exited that door. Confusion, fear. A good deal of anger at Lewis, that coward. But Charles clapped a hand over his back, laughing at whatever he saw on his face.

"Food and some rest, Ivan," he said good-naturedly. "Then you can chew him out."





48. Upholstery and Boots


Six Weeks Later

Six Weeks Later "Beta, the woman for the infirmary renovations is here."

Ivan looked up, automatically moving to stand, but Kate put a gentle hand on his forearm and stood herself.

"Thank you, Marie," Kate said.

The short, stalky wolf left and Kate ran a hand down the careful pleets of her navy skirt. "I should have listened to you, Alpha," she sighed. "Delegating the renovations would have been good for Charles. Even if his taste is poor."

Ivan eased himself back on the couch. Little baby Alice was laid on his chest, sleeping with small breaths over Ivan's bare skin. Pack skin-to-skin was important for wolf pups, soaked them in the scent of who they were before they knew their names.

"You'll manage fine." Ivan ran a finger down the small stretch of the baby's back. "Charles'll be your Delta, won't he?"

She pulled her watch from her pocket. "Yes. Though he says he accepted only as incentive for me to stay alive. He claims he'd make a terrible Beta."

Ivan nodded. "Probably would. Go on, then." They'd been discussing relationship with the royals. "Get to your infirmary and delegate the renovations to a doctor or something. You have better things to spend your time with."

Kate bared her throat left and Nicolas came in. "Don't knowhow you put her to sleep that fast, Alpha," he commented, bearing his throat in greeting. "She's the squealer of the two, is awake long after her brother sleeps and up long before."

Ivan smiled and stroked the yellow fuzz of hair on Alice's head. "Watching her sleep makes me feel less tired."

Nicolas cringed. "This Alpha stuff that bad then?"

Ivan gave him a look. "Never become Alpha, Nicolas. Horrible, thankless job."

Nicolas laughed. His eyes had soft for his daughter but Ivan knew the man would never impose on his Alpha and reach for her back. For a brief second, Ivan thought that if Nicolas was reluctant to ask and Ivan reluctant to let her go, Alice should stay just where she was. But Ivan hated all this rank stuff.

He put a hand to Alice's back and slowly eased upright. Soon she was laying belly-up in his hands, her face scrunched in a disgruntled mew. Ivan smiled at her, at the least she still let him know how she really felt about the situation. But he gave her back to her father anyway.

"I'm glad she's doing so well."

"It's cause you're Alpha now," Nicolas said, sharing a sweet smile with his little girl. "Celeste swears our next litte one will be named Ivan. Or Ivy is she's a girl."

Ivan's chest tightened a fraction at the nickname, but he forced himself to laugh.

He shrugged on his undershirt and looped the suspenders over his shoulders. The uniform jacket came next, still the plain brown of a soldier. If he hadn't changed his uniform for the Beta position, he sure as hell wasn't changing as Alpha.

"There are so many better names," Ivan said lightly, buttoning the lapel up his left side. "Naming a kid after me speaks of poor creativity." He gave Nicolas a friendly pat on the shoulder. "For my own sake, Nic, do better."

Nic grinned. "Sure, Alpha. Celeste will be sad to have missed you."

"I'm sure I'll be back soon." Ivan brushed a finger down Alice's cheek. "You stay close and keep those little ones and your mate happy, eh?"

"Of course, Alpha."

Ivan left. He didn't like lingering around pack members for long any more. The Alpha decorum still made him uncomfortable. He'd retire for some paperwork in his quarters.



Hours later, there was a gentle pressure in his mind, like a tap on the shoulder. Ivan sighed, taking off his spectacles and rubbing his eyes.

'Yes.' He tuned in. It was Charles. Probably complaining about some form of Kate's delegation. '

'Yes.' ' There is a woman here in the reception. She wants to see you.'

There is a woman here in the reception. She wants to see you.' Ivan waited. 'And why can't she set up a meeting through the normal avenues?'

'And why can't she set up a meeting through the normal avenues?' 'Well, I am pretty sure she is welding an illegal gun.'

'Well, I am pretty sure she is welding an illegal gun.' At the thought of a Fur Splitter here, in his own reception, an electric circuit within Ivan clicked closed and hummed to life. He was already standing.

Charles' voice continued in his mind. ' When I saw her. I thought, this is one for Kate to handle. But then—as much as I want to see two women go at it on the reception floor, Kate all riled up about gun registration—I thought, you know, she smells nice. Like, real nice. And has a hint of Curt about her. A hint of you too under all that—'

When I saw her. I thought, this is one for Kate to handle. But then—as much as I want to see two women go at it on the reception floor, Kate all riled up about gun registration—I thought, you know, she smells nice. Like, real nice. And has a hint of Curt about her. A hint of you too under all that—' 'Charles,' Ivan growled. ' Shut up. ' He took the stairs rather than the lift, impatience getting the best of him. His steps quickened, taking three steps at a time, then four, then five. And then it was easier just to swing off the railing to the floor below and repeat the process.

'Charles,' Shut up. "My! Watch where you're- oh! Alpha!" It was an elder, all bent with the weight of her age.

Ivan bowed politely to her. "Allow me to hold the door, madam."

"No, no. You're off somewhere in a hurry."

"Just exercise," Ivan said, slightly winded as he held open the door for her. "And reminding myself how we really need a personal fire escape for when I can't be bothered with the lift."

"Yes, needed one of those for years," she agreed, shuffling her way through the floor to the communications office. She stopped before Ivan could close it on her, turning all in wrinkled smiles. "Can't rule the world from a tower. I told my Finnley. To far from the ground, they are, Finn."

Ivan inclined his head. "My sentiments exactly." And then he bowed to her and eased the door shut.

Two more flights to go.

He paused before the reception's door, cracking it slightly to catch a drift of smell. Oh, God. Lianne. And her scent had been wrung sour with anger and the beginnings of anxiety.

Ivan suddenly felt nervous himself. He checked the top button of his uniform, now the alpha blue for news conferences, shook out his shoulders and stepped into the reception office.

Oh, heavens.

Lianne was standing on their reception chair in the corner: a plush, talon-footed thing with some magazines for guests. Her other-side boots smeared grime on the pink upholstery like war paint. Her eyes were just as fierce and a little crazy and she had a gun trained straight on Gabriel—their head of office security.

Good choice. Biggest, baddest target in the room. A feat considering the rest of Gabe's team had shown up to face the pistol they'd only read about in training manuals. Count on Charles not to call off the calvary just because he wanted to watch a show.

Lianne's eyes flicked to him and he found his lips curving in a smile. Her braids were out, and she'd skipped whatever part of her routine consolidated all that hair into tight, spiral curls. It frizzed thick about her now, the light catching in various shades of brown, the edgemost curls outlined in gold. "Miss Finn." Ivan executed a bow.

She changed the dial on the gun, but pinned another wolf in her sights the second Gabe's team moved. "Wolf," she greeted sharply. "You're hospitality team really is lacking."



"Apologies, Miss." Ivan tucked his smile away. His wolves were torn between watching him and watching her, all protocol shattered. "How, pray, have we been remiss?"

He crossed the room to help her from the chair. His wolves tensed, what with her gun still in hand, and Ivan found himself amused. She frowned at his hand for a moment, but condescended to flick the safety back on the gun and descend from the pink-silk chair like a queen.

"Firstly, you are impossible to reach." Her eyes raked over him and she reached up to rub something, probably an ink smudge, off his jaw line. "Secondly, they caught a whiff of my scent and called in the troops." She cast a poisoned look over her shoulder to Jack—a head breeder who must have been on his lunch break. "Oh, there was charm aplently. But offer me a good mate after a shower and some potential-mate program one more time and you'll find the muzzle of this gun so far up your ass you'll breath its smoke."

Jack blinked, his fail-safe, dazzling smile fading by degrees.

The receptionist had her pink nails wrapped tight over a folder from her desk and slowly moved it to cover her mouth. To hide shock or a giggle, Ivan didn't know.

Gabriel was looking to Ivan for direction. But Lianne was close and his wolves were struggling to process her and he felt, well, dammit, he felt right proud to be standing next to her. Muddy boots, pistol and all. He gave Jack a sympathetic smile. "I was on the receiving end of such a threat when I met first met her too."

"Sure as hell you were." Lianne tilted herself just slightly toward him, with a familiarity that left quickened Ivan's heart.

Charles finally emerged from his side hallway, grinning as Lianne tucked the Fur Splitter in her waistband. "Remind me if all women are like you your-side, Miss Finn?

The elevator dinged and, smooth as a swan on the water, Kate emerged from the lift, checking the time on her watch with a snap. "Don't any ideas, Charles. I can't have my Delta skewered on the barrel of a gun this week. What with the infirmary renovations and meetings with the queen."

Charles rolled his eyes at her, but bared his throat all the same. "Beta," he greeted. Gabe's team also stretched their throats for her. Kate's expression didn't change.

"Alpha, forgive the lack of protocol upon your arrival." Charles turned to him and bared his throat, taking a knee. "The Fur Splitter and the boots on the new chairs was a lot to handle."

The office guards followed suit, and even Kate bared her throat and kneeled.

Ivan cringed.

"Oh my," was all Lianne said, her figners curling at his bicep. When she looked at him her eyes were wide, and she understood. He was Alpha now.

Ivan looked for the fear he'd hate in her eyes. A pinch of it remained, but mainly she ran her eyes over his blue uniform with hesitation. Ivan held his breath, but she recovered quickly. "My, well, Ivan-Alpha. You shouldn't've. The kneeling is a nice touch—brings up the hospitality a notch—but an apology really would have sufficed."

The wolves on their knees shared disoriented looks; unsure if they should be offended or amused.

Lianne continued, leaving Ivan to walk among his wolves. "But, see, I had my, my butler call ahead and tell your, your..." She snapped her fingers at the woman behind the desk.

"Receptionist.," the kneeling lady in pink offered when Lianne waved a hand in her direction. "Liesel, madam."

"Ah, yes. Call to tell Miss Receptionist Leisel that all this fanfare really wasn't necessary." She gave Charles' shoulder an affectionate pat. "You know us dirty-boot sort of other-side women. Like to keep a low profile."

Ivan laughed a little and she turned back at him. She was nervous. Her heart was pumping too fast, and her smell, though softened since his entrance, was still slightly sharp with panic. This would be her first time this-side since she was thirteen and she'd walked, quite literally, right into the wolves' lair. No wonder her gun had pulled so quickly.

Ivan bowed deeply to her. "We are honoured you trust us with your visit. Forgive us for botching your entrance."

Her hands smoothed the nervous pleats she'd pinched into the dark blue fabric and she smiled. A private sort of smile that said she was relieved, if not happy, to see him.

"Yes, well. Get me a private meeting room and some of your this-side coffee and I'll consider all forgiven." She looked around her, at the men and women kneeling, and frowned. "Well, let them stand up already. Honestly, Ivan. Their legs'll cramp."

"Stand." Ivan laughed. "If you're not needed, you're dismissed."

With a hesitant glance to their Beta, his wolves obeyed. It still was odd to see them glance at Kate for her lead. Ivan thought, as he often did, how much more suited he was to being Beta rather than Alpha.

Lianne seemed to see something on his face and cut a look around her at the wolves. "Pompous, propriety-following machines," she murmured, holding out her arm to him. "Shall we, wolf?"

"The title's Alpha now," Ivan told her, with a look that was a question.

She frowned disapprovingly at him. "Are you expecting me to kneel now, Mr. Alpha Wolf Ivan, sir?"

Ivan grimaced a smile, and took her arm. "Never, Miss Finn."

"Heaven and hell," she grumbled, with a half-point to the elevator, "This way, then? Really, Ivan. Just call me Lianne."

______

______ <3

<3





49. Slippers and Dregs


The elevator doors closed. Ivan pushed a button and turned to say something to her, but she grabbed his collar brought him down and kissed him dead on the mouth.





Ivan was surprised, as he always seemed to be with her, but this time his body wrapped around hers as if out of habit.

She pulled back, scowling. "I don't like that you're Alpha," she said.

"Neither do I." Ivan replied, his hand going to her face and brushing all those curls back. He couldn't help but smile. Her scent, her curves, her voice, her eyes.

"And I'm not living this side," she told him flat-out.

Ivan raised a brow. "Are we discussing your personal living situation or one that involves...." His words slid back down his throat. There was no conceivable way it could work.

And then she kissed him again, wrapping her arms around his neck and arching into him. Ivan put one hand on the elevator wall to keep them upright and kissed her back.

He kissed her because... well, hell, reasons didn't really apply here. She was here. This side. His side.

She bit his lip and grinned, pulling back to rest her head on the wall. Her hair splayed around her in a crown, Ivan brushed a curl hovering in the air between them with his nose.

She laughed. "One that involves what, Alpha?" His nose was running over her cheek, his lips over her jaw. She pushed him back a fraction of distance. "Use your words, wolf."

The elevator door dinged.

Ivan turned as the doors opened to Level 7. A training floor. A whole litter of pups in their adolescence and their trainers, stood there, eyes wide as their alpha held a sweet-smelling mate to the elevator's back wall.

Lianne laughed, loud and almost wicked, at their look.

The heat alone from the elevator would feed the Pack gossips for years.

Ivan groaned, but since Lianne was smiling, he heard himself chuckle an embarrassed smile. "We should have taken the stairs," he said.

Lianne peeked around Ivan's shoulder and waved at one of the pups outside. "They should take the stairs," she argued, tightening her hold around his neck when he moved to pull away. "And if you really think I'm walking up," she checked the buttons as the doors closed, "fourteen flights—hell, Ivan, fourteen?"

Ivan laughed at her and he ducked his head into the crook of her neck. Her dress allowed more of her chest to show than others and Ivan kissed the skin just under her neck. "Private elevator must be installed then," he heard himself say. "No other way, really."

"I said, I'm not living here."

Ivan kissed her pulse-line. "Just for visits, then."

She shoved his shoulders and he moved back for her. "I'm no one's mistress either. If we're doing this whole, whole mate thing. I expect you in my bed. Every night, mind you."

Ivan felt his blood rush to his ears and his heart slid down his ribcage. Hell. "Mate, thing?"

She swallowed and toyed with his collar. "Yes, well," was all she said.

Ivan ran a thumb over her face, something in him realising this was real. She was here. And she shouldn't be. He disentangled himself from her as the lift dinged their arrival.

"My ears feel water-logged," Lianne complained, a hand to her hair. "That normal?"

"It's because we're up so high," Ivan explained, letting her exit first to the small landing. It only boasted stairs that spiralled up one floor and down fourteen and the solid, reinforced door of his apartments.



"What's up top?" Lianne asked, leaning over the railing to look.

"The Alpha's quarters." Ivan put his claw in the keyhole and twisted it in the familiar lock pattern.

"Why don't you live up there?"

Ivan withdrew his claw and the door clicked. "Not my style," was all he chose to say, and he swung the door inward, holding it open for her.

She raised a brow at the ceremony, but allowed him to usher her in.

"Beige and forest green," she noticed. "With white walls. My. Coming to my place must have been a shock."

The entry opened right into the living room, with the kitchen to the left. His room and bathroom were in the back. There were other rooms, conference rooms, a guest room, a balcony with a little table-chairs set. But Ivan had never been home enough to decorate those.

He closed the door behind him. At the sound of its lock, he gave himself a moment to pick his heart up from wherever it had fallen to and wire it back to its proper spot in his ribcage—with strong, steel wire.

No matter how hard she pressed; he would not make a Tatiana of her. Not if he could help it.

Ivan's hand fell away from the door and he turned. She explored the room, her hand running over the brown leather couches, her fingers brushing the spine of a book he'd had no time to read in the last months.

"Kitchen is small," she said, reproachfully.

That could be fixed, hypothetically. But Ivan didn't say anything. He just went to the cabinet with the coffee and turned on the machine. "I don't cook much. There's a dining floor on Level 3. I eat there most the time."

"Is the food good?" she asked, pulling out one of his kitchen chairs from the small, round table and sitting down. Like old-times, she set the Fur Splitter on the white tabletop.

It amused Ivan, but he kept his smile to himself. "Mediocre but there is plenty of it. Which is what we wolves need."

"You're all distant again," she said stiffly. "Maybe we should go back to the elevator. I liked that."

Ivan gave her a warning look.

She smirked, but redirected her attention to the fern he kept on the table. "And your plants are fake."

"Not around enough to water anything else." Ivan spooned the coffee into the filter on the top of the pot. "Too much to remember."

She raised an eyebrow. "How demanding is this Alpha job?"

Ivan felt his heart squirm a little in all its restraints. He dialed the coffee machine to the correct setting and pressed the button.

Then he faced her, leaning back on the counter to cross his arms.

"Oh, I don't like that scowl." She stood herself, like she was ready to go at him with the Fur Splitter if he said the wrong thing.

Ivan bit the bullet. "I can't be your mate."

"Hm. Is this the penance thing? The reason you're not taking a mate? Or the... fault family general or something?"

"No. It's because I am Alpha."

"The last alpha had a mate. I know he did."

Ivan rubbed a hand over his jaw. "But him being Alpha dragged her under. It was awful. Lewis has left the city and they're taking some time. But I don't think it'll ever get better. She almost killed herself."

Lianne flinched. "Well, I am not her," she said, determinedly.

"You don't know anything about the Pack or Alpha or — damn it, Lianne. It's complicated. You'd be, well, you'd be the Luna of the White Pined Woods."



She crossed her arms. "I think it's about time I learned what that means."

Ivan worked his jaw. The smell of coffee began to toast the air in the room, the first drops turning to a steady stream. "Luna. She's, she's the Pack queen. The equivalent to an Alpha. Only female. She's the mother figure. Not every Pack has one, they come every few generations when an Alpha chooses to mate."

"Then why's Thomas call me that?" Her frown deepened with hurt. "And why don't you want him calling me that?"

Ivan let a short breath push through his teeth and turned to put the coffee grinds back in their cupboard. "Some Lunas have more sway over their Pack than others. Like alphas, I guess. Sometimes they have certain gifts... like healing. That's a gift. Charles calls them pack-weavers—"

"Charles knows?"

Ivan cringed. "Yes. 'Pack-weavers' speak of their ability to bring a sense of cohesion to a pack. It goes across the board, from the youngest to the oldest. But the effect is most noticeable on our young. I was born under a powerful Luna. She was with us ten years, which is why my generation is so strong."

Lianne crossed her arms and leaned against the table. "Keep talking, then."

"Packs are tied together by their Luna." He took out two mugs. "So, often, when a Luna conceives, so does a generation of mates. If she miscarries, the majority of the litter dies too."

"Oh. Oh, the twins?"

Ivan turned back to look at her, meeting her eye dead on. "They lived. But, Lianne. I think they lived because you prayed for them."

"So I'm a Luna. A, a pack weaver."

"Technically, you aren't one until you're mated to an Alpha. So you must be a particularly strong breed." Ivan poured the coffee and handed her the square mug, gesturing back to the chairs she's already acquainted herself with. "All your full moon stuff, your dreams, your healings. I think something holy set you up in this city."

"For the Pack?"

"Originally, yes." Ivan set his mug down. "But William...."

"Oh."

"So now you're the Luna of the other side. A Pack-weaver of mechanics and brother workers, there in that garage with that horrible coffee."

Her lips flashes a smile, but she didn't seem to feel it. And they sat there for a minute, Lianne looking out at the stretch of sky beyond the window.

She sipped her coffee, not really tasting. "Why don't you want me for your Pack, then?" she asked carefully. "You're Alpha. Your pups are dying off. And I'm here now, aren't I?"

Ivan gave a smile he didn't feel of his own. "I've done everything I can to keep my Pack off you. For years."

She looked displeased. "So we're back to that, now are we?" Burying her question in the rim of her mug, she turned back to the window.

Ivan sampled his coffee. Hot. Dark. Perfectly balanced. When his cup hit the table, He found Lianne watching him.

She shook her head. "Alpha. Who would have thought."

"Not me. Planned on being Beta for a few Alpha's yet."

"And then?"

"Well." He set down his mug. "I hoped I'd be dead before succession, I guess."

She laughed. "You'll made a great Alpha."

"Hm."

"Yes, well. Alpha," she said his title with bravado, setting her mug on the table too. "You never asked why I was here."



"You're not here to talk about your living situation?" He gave her a look.

She smirked at him. "Tangentially, yes. If we were to get to it. But you really jumped the gun."

"Then, pray tell, Miss Finn, what brings you to my side of the river this sunny Tuesday?"

She grinned. "Much better." She drank her coffee again, blinked and licked her lips. "Damn though, this coffee is good. Well. I had an eventful few weeks. You left, and I moved back in with Father Aaron at the altar. Help them keep things going without the Old Mother."

"Oh?" Ivan asked, like he didn't know.

"Yes. And then I had to find a new job. There was a cleaning gig in Thorn's Noose and Curt said I could live in the Pack House for a while—Thomas cleared it with you or something. And I moved there around the time the full moon hit, since I thought I should be laying low after the whole Keenan thing."

Ivan tapped his fingers on his mug. "What exactly happens full moon?"

Lianne cringed and took a moment to swirl her coffee in circles up the side of her mug. "It's odd to talk about. I mean, you've seen it. The hair. The glowing white. I tend to bring a certain... comfort to those in pain. Luckily the Noose has plenty of those, so I did a few rounds in the neighbourhood. Mainly to druggies or people visiting the Altar—those who'd think me an apparition or something like."

"How'd Curt take it?"

"Oh, he had a zealous burn in his eyes when I healed this one lady and he sticks right close to me now. But I don't mind over much. He was right upset I came here today."

"I can see why. The wolves downstairs knew something was off with you right away."

"I think that was the gun."

Ivan picked his coffee back up again, a little smile slipping out of him. "Maybe. So. The full moon."

"Yes, the moon. It was the next day—I'm always a little delirious the next day—and I was taking out the rubbish. When behold—there was a body there. A straight up, cold and grey, bloated sort of corpse."

"Must have been a shock."

She waved a hand. "Shouldn't have been. Bodies are more common dead than alive sometimes in the Noose. Say, can I have some more of that coffee?" Ivan passed her his mug. "So there I was, all tired and slumped with a bag of rotten food in hand, and I thought, God, I think that's a wolf. And I started crying. The bag split open and all the pasta from the night before slid down my skirt, but I just stood there and cried."

Ivan had folded his hands on the table and was watching her intently. "A wolf," he said.

"I knew because of the uniform. Not the shirt, but the pants. Brown like your old ones. I waded my way to him in the trash heap. He'd stood on the roof and blown his own brains out. I somehow knew he had but later found the gun in the bin and the bloody bits on the roof to make sure. Must have wanted to see it done right, what with a wolf's healing. I tried to heal him myself, tired as I was, though I didn't really know why it mattered. I put my hand on his chest and I prayed. And something under his shirt caught my attention. I pulled open his button-up and there, strapped to his chest like belts and chains were traps. Your god damned wolf-traps."

Ivan didn't break her gaze, but he felt himself grimace.

"Hell, I hate those things." She shuddered into Ivan's mug. "I figured out how the levers worked and tore them off the body—he'd started decaying on the inside, but I didn't rightly care. I took off the rest of his clothes, scrambling like a mad woman over the rats trying to snack on his dead meat. Eight traps on his legs, three on his chest and thirteen on his arms. Thirteen. But there was one, one so thin it might as well have been fishing wire. I'd have missed it if not for the poisoned purple on his skin—a trap, wrapped like a noose around his throat. Somehow, that was worse than the brains he'd left on the roof."



She seemed to lose herself for a moment, her nails tapping a broken rhythm on the porcelain of his mug.

He waited. And when she came to, her eyes shot to his like an arrow to the chest. She held his gaze, a certain fire in her throat that blistered the edges of her voice. "I sat there. Crying. And tired, with his dead hand in mine. I thought, why am I grieving here like I loved him? And then, I heard it."

She looked at him expectantly.

"Heard what?" Ivan asked, tightening his folded hands.

"The call."

Ivan forced himself to lean back in his chair, all his muscles reluctant and tight. "Hell, Lianne. This is quite the story."

"It is. So shut up and listen."

"I'm listening. The call."

She leaned over the table, her hand wrapping tight around the mug. "'Comfort the wolves," she whispered fiercely.

Ivan blinked. "What?"

She waved a hand and leaned back. "Exactly. So I let go of his hand, took off all the damned traps and left him there. He was probably taken with the rest of the garbage for the dump that night."

Lianne shook her head, her face shadowed with regret. She sipped her coffee and carried on. "I went home after my shift—it had to be two in the morning—and Curt smelt the death and rot on me. He asked, but I wasn't ready to talk about it. Around morning, both of us asleep—Curt sleeping in the hallway by my door—I woke up to him screaming like death was on his throat."

Ivan must have made a face, because she slowed her tale to slip him a sad half-smile.

"William isn't as dead to Curt as he is to you. Or even me for that matter. So I went in to wake him up. At my very voice, all the growls and yelps and snarls stopped. He, well, he just curled up there, still asleep, and cried. I felt myself get so heavy then, so I knelt by him and stroked his good arm—all scars—and cried myself. I thought, heaven and hell, I love this boy, only to hear the call again. This time softer than a whisper. 'Love your pups.'"

Ivan frowned, but she was determined not to look at him. Tilting her empty cup back and forth and watching the dregs slide from one side to the other.

She cleared her throat and took their mugs to the sink. Ivan went to stand with her, but she waved a mug at him in protest.

"No, no. Stay seated, Ive." She turned on the tap and washed the coffee drips and dregs from the porcelain. "As you can imagine, I was disturbed by the whole thing. I grabbed my robe—" she spared him a smile, "and my gun, of course, and went for a think. About William and this side and why wolves in general—not you, or Curt, or any of particular on really—but why wolves as a group still made me break out in a cold sweat."

"And?" Ivan asked. He felt his heart press against its wire fixture, sensing something important.

She unfolded a towel from the handle of the oven and dried their mugs. "Well when I got off the tram, thinking I was at Riverway only to find myself in Sailor's Belt. Right by the bridge. And I caught a glimpse of the check point between this side and mine across the street and I found I couldn't move. Remembering all those years ago, crossing back over the river, finally safe where Grandmother waited. I was bruised and my shoulder wound might as well have been growing roots I felt its poison so keen in my veins. And I swore, on heaven and hell, that I'd never go back.

"And then there I stood there in my slippers and robe, some fifteen years later, while the sun rose red on the river and I thought: William is dead. And how foolish I was to swear such a thing. How foolish I was to hate for so many years. It's just a river and a check point and he was just one wolf. Well, there were eight or so with him, but you get it."

Her hands rested on the table and she lean toward him, her eyes almost beckoning.

"And three things came to me at once. The first was, I didn't hate, really. I just feared." She smiled, sad. "I've been afraid for so long, Ivan. So, so long. And then I realised I was quite angry at how wolves were afraid too—hate and fear are pretty close cousins, I think. And that's probably what the boy was feeling before he ended up dead in that dump. And then I heard—just as Curt put his hand on my shoulder—that call-voice again, 'Comfort the wolves,' it said, so close it might as well have whispered my name. Comfort the Wolves, Lianne."

Her sad smile lifted in a light laugh and she sat back down. A long breath left her lungs, like a weight she'd been carrying. She leaned back and crossed her ankles under the table, watching Ivan intently. Ivan couldn't even guess his expression.

"Curt said I looked like I'd seen a ghost," she shrugged. "I guess I had, really. My own little ghost, at thirteen, finally growing up to the woman you see before you. We went home and drank tea, and I thought about everything. A lot. That was three weeks ago."

"And now you're here."

She smiled like he'd finally caught on. "Now I am here," she agreed.





50. Syringes and Steeples


"And have you come to any conclusions?" Ivan felt the cold wire of caution twist around his heart.

But something else unspooled around it. Something he'd forgotten he'd wanted to feel. He'd always associated the warm strands of gold that spun under his skin with Lianne's scent. But now, he realised after her absence, that what he was sensing was indeed hope. A gold mortar her presence fed him in threads, slowly piecing back together his cold bones.

The Luna's warning came back to him.

" Be careful what battles you take on alone ."

Be careful what battles you take on alone Lianne stood from her chair in answer to his question, giving him a sympathetic look she'd often turned on the pups. "Come with me, wolf," she said and offered her small hand to him.

Ivan hesitantly took it and let her lead him to the balcony door. The glass slid aside with a gust of sudden wind, blowing Lianne's hair against his shoulder and neck.

"Hell's breath! We're so high!" she yelled as she stepped outside, laughing at the way the wind took her voice.

Ivan laughed with her, her hair a whip of curls.

Then the wind died down, meandering along the balcony with playful force. Liane held her hair over her shoulder and made her way around the unused patio furniture.

To the left of a couch, glass had been shattered. A syringe.

In a startling mess of colour Ivan remembered the city scape that night—a portrait of Alpha dipped in blacks and golds and gaudy pinks. He remembered the skyline inverted in the scotch and the needle of bane tipping from Alpha's balcony to his.

Before he could warn Lianne, her tough other-side boots crunched over the syringe without her notice.

Ivan stared at the glass. Absurdly startled to have it crushed so easily under her toe. Then he laughed.

The scotch, gold-night and pink sequins he'd felt weigh on him since Lewis stepped down stripped away with the wind. Instead, a new patchwork of colours wove around him. The pale autumn sky, the golds in Lianne's hair and the rich black of coffee opened up like a new pallet of fresh paint.

"Come on!" Lianne called to him, gripping the rail with one hand. Ivan stepped over the syringe to join her at the rail.

"I was right, we're facing west," Lianne said triumphantly.

Ivan brushed his hand over her neck to help keep her hair from her face.

"Look!" She pointed to her side of the river, where black tracks ran through houses that scattered at odd angles like broken teeth. "The tram line. And Riverway. And—holy hell. The Great Altar even looks big up here."

Ivan didn't think he'd noticed the crooked steeple across the way before, the glass and glitter of his side too distracting. "I wonder if we could get those windows restored," he said distantly, leaning against the rail.

"We should." Lianne let them stand there for a moment, with the wind and the view.

Then she turned to him. "That is where I live," she said, pointing across the black river that cut the city. "I don't think I'd be good living anywhere else."

"I know," Ivan said, feeling the weight of his wire-bound chest.

"But I am called to your wolves, Alpha. I really am."

Ivan glanced again to the splinters of a syringe spread behind his couch, uncertain.

Lianne reached up and brought his eyes back to hers with a hand to his cheek. "And I want to be with you. And your wolves. Your Pack. If I see another boy like that, his body wrapped in traps like Curt's was, I don't know what I'll do with myself."

"If you stay with us wolves, you'll see other bodies like that for sure."

"That's alright if it's in my house. On my terms. We can teach wolves a new way of seeing things, Ivan. You can't tell me you don't want that."

Ivan felt the wire around him begin to constrict the space he had left inside. "Lianne..."

"Ivan, you're exhausted! This job is killing you. The collar, the mirrors—the, the rules! You know there is a different way. One that isn't so... caged and groomed. We can start over with them somewhere. In that Old Pack house with its overgrown garden."

Ivan shook his head, but he felt the gold-yellow of her slipping under his wire defenses, breaking down the ice he'd frosted over his cages. "The other wolves will never come."

Lianne heard the decision in his voice and stood on her tiptoes to kiss him with a smile. "Oh, Ivan, you underestimate your own influence. And my cooking."

Ivan laughed, pulling her back to him and tucking her to his chest. "It's more than just your cooking." He fit himself around her and breathed in her home-hope scent. "It might never work. But we'll try it," he promised. "A few years, see how it goes."

Lianne's tilted her head up to kiss his jaw. "And if it doesn't work out... I'll move here. Only if you get some real plants, a proper kitchen and a private elevator, mind. Because- well. Because I don't think this call is going to work without the forever bit."

She turned her head back to the river, embarrassed to have brought it up. Ivan pressed his nose to her temple, feeling a sudden rush of affection. "And if here doesn't work out, I'll go rogue and make Kate Alpha and we'll do whatever we want."

"I thought you said she doesn't like trouble," Lianne said, leaning into his touch.

"She doesn't."

"Going rogue while you're the Alpha sounds like a lot of trouble."

"Hm." Ivan found his lips very close to hers. He tasted his-side coffee on her breath and breathed the wild her-side smell of her hair.

"And Luna of the White Pined Woods has a good ring to it," Lianne continued. The wind came, but he was close enough to hear her very heart. "So you might be going rogue without me."

Ivan laughed against her lips at the thought and kissed her, the icy wire cage in his chest splintering with a warm crack.




