Introduction


Title: Dark Side of the Morning

Copyright by: disquietedheart

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/231810163-dark-side-of-the-morning

Synopsis: **WINNER OF THE 2020 WATTYS** Mafia prince Song Woo Bin had always been the least of F4 and he's never been more aware of it. Yi Jung is living it up in Sweden, Gu Jun Pyo has Shinhwa Group and Geum Jan-di, and even Ji-Hoo has embraced his destiny as a physician. Everyone is moving up and moving on, except for Woo Bin. His place has always been in Seoul- in the darkness, in the filth, on the streets. He's been content to sit back and accept what has been coming his way until a chance meeting with the delightful Chu Ga-Eul shakes him awake. He'll take control of the business, his life, and forge a new family all on his own.





Dark Side of the Morning


Introduction

Chapters Chapter One: Bright as Yellow

Chapter Two: It Ain't Me

Chapter Three: Superposition

Chapter Four: A Step You Can't Take Back

Chapter Five: We Must Be Killers

Chapter Six: When the Stars Go Blue

Chapter Seven: Tonight and the Rest of My Life

Chapter Eight: Give You What You Like

Chapter Nine: American Money

Chapter Ten: Clear To You

Chapter Eleven: She's Your Baby

Chapter Twelve: Must Be Something

Chapter Thirteen: Forever Love

Chapter Fourteen: E-Bow the Letter

Chapter Fifteen: Nearer than Heaven

Chapter Sixteen: Serendipity

Chapter Seventeen: Standing Still

Chapter Eighteen: Stand By Me

Epilogue





Chapter One: Bright as Yellow





It was rather funny.

F4 used to mean fun, family, and friendship forever. Now it was a reminder how they were flung to the far corners of the world. All except Song Woo-Bin, that was.

He patrolled the streets of Seoul with regularity, his heart beating in time with his footsteps. Though his mother was long dead now, he could imagine her sweet, lilting voice piercing through the darkness: "What are you doing here at this hour? Are you trying to walk yourself into a coma?"

He smiled into the darkness.

"Song Woo Bin, are you listening to me?"

"Yes, Eomma..."

" Eomma ?"

Eomma The choked gasp of surprise dragged him out of his thoughts. At least, he thought that's what they were. He focused his blurry gaze on Chu Ga-Eul and his blood ran cold. Her hair was braided, pinned to the crown of her head—different than he remembered. She looked like a bride in that long white coat, illuminated by the guttering street light overhead.

It wasn't until that moment he realized they were in the worst part of the seediest neighborhood in town. "What are you doing here, Chu Ga-Eul?" His tone was harsher than he'd ever used with her but it was only a taste of what he was truly capable of. She had no idea. In F4 he was the clown but he had always been the most dangerous by far.

always She fixed him with a strange look. He'd never seen a woman gaze at him like this before...usually because they were fawning and falling all over him. It felt like she staring into his soul.

Woo Bin's eyes widened in surprise. He considered turning his back and brushing her off. It had always worked with women in the past...but he didn't actually want to turn away. He wanted to wrap her in his coat and usher her to safety. There were terrible people out here, conducting their business in the dead of night; they were men and women who wouldn't blink twice at hurting a beautiful flower like Chu Ga-Eul. They were the kind of people who worked for him.

Protectiveness flared up inside him until his stomach churned with it.

"Woo Bin!" Her breath hitched in her chest as she tugged him to her. Her fingers were freezing against his forehead; it was a welcome relief against the searing heat. "You're burning up." When she whipped her head around, strands of dark hair fell and framed her face. "Do you have a car?"

Woo Bin must've mumbled something because she began to tug him deeper into the alley. He realized after a few minutes that she actually lived here and it tore him up inside. "Ga Eul," he whispered.

She paused just long enough to look into his eyes. "Shh, save your strength. If you fall I won't be able to carry you." Gripping him tighter, she led him to a scrap of metal so rusted he didn't know at first that it was a vehicle . It smelled heavily of burning oil; the smell was strong enough to make him retch. If he'd had anything in his stomach it would've made a terrible mess.

vehicle One of her hands remained firmly on the wheel, the other rubbed gentle circles over his back as the car sputtered down empty streets. He had given her the address but he couldn't keep up with the turns. The soothing cadence of her voice eventually lulled him into a heavy sleep.

In his wretched state, Woo Bin didn't recall Chu Ga-Eul yelling into the intercom that she had Song Woo-Bin in her arms. He had no idea when that didn't work she'd jumped the fence, forcing his security to chase her to the gates so they could see for themselves that she was telling the truth. He couldn't fathom the paralyzing anger he'd feel when he woke up the next morning and found her lip split and bloodied.



Sunlight streamed through the window, burning his eyes as he looked up into the visage of what could only be an angel. He wondered if this was it—if he had died and gone to heaven.

No.

It was a ridiculous notion.

He wasn't going to any such place—not after everything he'd done.

"Woo Bin?" She gripped the cloth in her hand tighter as she wiped away the cold sweat that had clung to the dark hair at his temples. "Are you awake?"

Ga Eul came back into focus slowly and he noticed her injuries immediately. Ill-advised as it was, he sat bolt upright and cupped her cheeks in his hands. She wasn't just battered, but her stockings were torn and he could see her white coat was covered in grime; she must have been thrown to the ground. "Who did it to you?"

"It doesn't matter—"

"WHO DID IT?" He exploded then, rage boiling in his veins worse than the fever he'd had last night.

The bedroom door burst open but instead of it being his usual secretary and staff, his father appeared. "The perpetrator has already been dealt with. I could not tolerate anything but swift justice for the woman who saved my son."

Ga Eul was clearly embarrassed by the spectacle—or perhaps simply agog at the sight of Woo Bin in only his boxers. She got to her feet slowly, trembling slightly as she did. "I was simply in the right place at the right time." She bowed her head. "Thank you for allowing me to make sure Young Master Song was well. I should leave now."

Woo Bin opened his mouth but his father got there first. "Miss Ga Eul, you are not the one who should be thanking me. I owe you a great debt." He cleared his throat. "I took the liberty of procuring some clean clothing from you. I insist you at least have some breakfast before you go. Perhaps you'd like to freshen up in the guest room as well?"

She smiled and bowed before she turned back to Woo Bin. "Master, don't get up quickly again. Take your time, okay?" She handed him a glass of water, she made a motion to remind him to drink it as a maid came to show her the way.

"I like her," his father announced as he settled down in the chair. He crossed his legs, a glint of something dangerous behind his eyes. "She'll do just fine."

Glass of water now empty, Woo Bin set it at the bedside and slipped his legs over the side of the bed. "Just fine for what?"

"A daughter-in-law."

Woo Bin decided he must still be delirious. " What ?" Blinking away the cobwebs from his eyes, he fisted his hands in the sheets of his bed. "Chu Ga-Eul is So Yi-Jung's girl!"

What His father raised an eyebrow. " So Yi-Jung who moved to Sweden five years ago? I heard he was dating an American model." The older man crossed his arms across his chest. "It seems odd that he would leave his girl behind and in such an awful situation."

So Yi-Jung There was no actual defense to what Yi Jung had done to Chu Ga-Eul. Woo Bin knew his best friend cared for the girl in his own way. He'd also mentioned he found her sweetness cloying at times. Still, he was certain there was something more there. In all the years they'd been friends, Yi Jung had never been hung up on a girl before; Woo Bin suddenly understood the feeling.

something "Ever since her father lost his position he's been doing odd jobs for me. When I spoke to him about her hand this morning, he fell at my feet to give consent." There was a permanent cruelty to his father's mouth. When laced his fingers, signet rings clinked against one another. "Even so, she no longer lives in her father's house. She shares a place with five women—teachers she works with. Lee Joohee's daughter attends that school and speaks highly of Ga Eul. She will make a lovely mother, don't you think?"



It was getting impossible not to think of it. Last night he'd been sick with fever, dreaming of his own mother and Ga Eul had appeared to carry him home. He'd awoken to her tender touch and he ached at the loss of her presence—even though he knew she was just in another room.

not Licking his lips to moisten them, Woo Bin cleared his throat. "I will go along with this—under two conditions."

The old man looked pleased. "What are you terms, my son?"

"One—that she must agree to the arrangement."

"I should hope that goes without saying," his father frowned. "And?"

"On the day our first child is born, you will hand over the Song Empire to me and step down as the head of the family." It was beyond bold to ask such a thing. His father had built this criminal organization from the ground up, the spidery veins of his sovereign dominion spreading beyond Asia into Europe. There was a Song organization on every continent, in every major city, and they were growing stronger every day.

Silence hung in the room for what felt like hours. The man stood up, his expression unreadable as he extended his hand to his son. "It will be my greatest honor, Woo Bin." When their hands met, his father pulled him into a tight embrace. "I am so proud of you."

Once his father had gone, Woo Bin took a scalding shower to wash the shock of everything away. He found himself wondering what he'd got himself into. Twenty-eight years old and he'd conquered more women than he could even keep count of. None of their names or faces mattered, he cared for none. If anyone had asked him yesterday, he'd have included Chu Ga-Eul amongst their ranks.

He hadn't slept with her, of course; he'd never considered her period . She had always been Yi-Jung's shadow, the girl his best friend talked about with equal parts tenderness and agitation. He figured if she was friends with Geum Jan-Di there must be some kind of resemblance between their personalities. Getting involved with her was never an option before.

period It felt like a certainty now.

Donning his finest jeans and a smart shirt with a jacket that cost triple what her crappy car did, he descended the stairs to find Chu Ga-Eul at the breakfast table. She was half-asleep in her cup of tea, eyes barely open as she swayed with her exhaustion.

Woo Bin was by her side in an instant, hand falling to her shoulder.

She jerked awake, pushing back from the table just enough for him to see the outfit his father had picked out. Seeing her in his mother's favorite dress was like a punch to the gut. The royal blue should've brightened her complexion but in her current state it just made her look as pale as the flowers printed on the garment. "I wasn't sleeping!"

He stifled a laugh and hummed instead, "No, but perhaps you should."

Ga Eul's shy smile lit up the entire room. "I will tonight. Thank you for the tea and borrowing this lovely dress. I'll make sure it's properly cleaned and returned to you, I promise but I really must be getting to work."

Gu Jun-Pyo often lamented how stubborn Geum Jan-di was about working and making a living. She hated when he tried to solve all her problems and it aggravated him that she wouldn't let him. It was a major point of contention between them even now. And so, Woo Bin decided to try a different approach. "Of course. Please allow me to drive you, though. I'm concerned you might fall asleep at the wheel."

"Thank you." She had some sense, then. That was good.

Her car was even more horrifying in the light of day, but Woo Bin said nothing as he slipped into the driver's seat. They drove in silence except for Ga Eul giving him directions to the tiny school she taught at. When they arrived, she probably expected him to hand over the keys and walk off into the misty morning. Instead, he followed her into the building.



"You are late, Miss Ga-Eul!" One of the women huffed, gaze falling on the man beside her. Then her eyes widened. "F-F-F4?" She gasped, practically tripping over herself to get his attention.

Color began to return to Ga Eul's cheeks. "Song Woo-Bin, you must remember the owner of the school, Choi Jin-Hee? She went to Shinhwa High."

He didn't.

Still, he smiled cordially while she nattered at him but he never strayed more than a few steps from Ga Eul. She washed her hands before slipping a frilly striped frock to protect her clothing when the students arrived. He could vividly imagine her in his home, apron riding high as she carried their child in her belly and another on her hip. The image was so powerful that he nearly doubled over.

"Woo Bin," she whimpered, "Are you still unwell?"

"No, I'm fine," he replied hurriedly. "Miss Ga Eul, I apologize I've taken up so much of your time. Please allow me the opportunity to make it up to you." There was still so much he had to do today that had been neglected since he'd fallen ill last night. "Friday?"

Jin Hee was making a terrible high-pitched noise of jealousy. Ga Eul winced at the sound of it, but was still nodding. "Yes. Should I meet you somewhere?"

"I'll pick you up."

"Okay," she beamed. The children were beginning to arrive, putting their belongings into cubbies and rushing to greet their favorite teacher. "Be well Song Woo-Bin! I'll see you later."

When he smiled, his dimples showed. "Okay! It's a date." Although his back was turned, he could practically see the look of shock on her face and the shaky way she'd repeated "Date?" as he was walking away.

"Date?" He had three whole days to plan the most perfect evening ever. The only problem is that he'd never had a real date in his entire life. He was going to need some help...



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. It had taken two days just to recover from the night she'd found Song Woo-Bin in her neighborhood. She'd been in her room reading a silly romantic book when she'd spotted him swaying on his feet. Although her roommates had advised her not to venture out, she couldn't leave him that way. It turned out, her instincts were more than right.

Since then, Chu Ga-Eul had been so terribly worried. Yes, she'd been there in the morning when he woke—fever broken and strength returned. When they parted later that day, he'd asked her for a date and she was certain he was relapsing in his illness. She'd begged one of the maids to call her if Woo Bin took ill again but the woman never called.

The only thing keeping her sane was the knowledge that she was going to see him tonight and she could verify his health for herself.

It seemed a little silly to gussy herself up for what was most certainly not a real date. Still, she put on a pretty pink dress and painted her lips to match. Her hair fell around her shoulders in waves, making her seem younger than her twenty-six years. The dress he'd lent to her had been dry-cleaned and she carried it carefully to avoid it dragging in the mud.

not

She had assumed Woo Bin would be driving a luxury sports car. Instead, he pulled up in a very simple black sedan—the same kind her uncle from Gimhae drove. "Yo, baby," he said, in his very best American accent.

"Baby?" She repeated, stifling a laugh with her hand. "I thought I was your Eomma ."

Eomma Woo Bin blushed to the roots of his hair.

Of all the things he could do, that was the last she expected. He seemed somewhat uncertain—a very first for the most outgoing of the F4. "Are you well?" When she reached out to check his temperature, he grasped her hand. "I've been worried."

"Worried about me?" He raised an eyebrow at her. "It's going to take more than a little cold to get me down." Walking around the car, he opened up the passenger side door. "Are you ready for our date?"

There was no mistaking his meaning this time. Chu Ga-Eul and Song Woo-Bin were going on a real life, actual date. Although there were many things she wanted to ask, she inclined her head and slipped into the car.

actual Woo Bin got in the other side and gingerly helped her put on the seatbelt with a tenderness she wasn't expecting. Geum Jan-di trusted F4 with her life; Ga Eul had no reason to believe he was going to hurt her...but everyone knew the stories. She'd even seen him in action more than once. His fists were brutal and he had the muscle to back it up. If he had wanted to do her any harm, it would be done. Instead, he was so gentle she could hardly believe it.

Traffic was surprisingly light and she wondered offhand if he'd gotten some of his crew to divert cars in the area. Even so, it was an hour before they arrived at the marina. A small, unassuming boat was waiting for them.

As he helped her out of the car, his fingers curled around hers. "This is a great time of night for fishing."

She glanced over at him, nodding eagerly as she followed him to the starboard bow. While he navigated out into the open waters, she sat on a bench and inhaled the salt water deep into her lungs. It wasn't too cold yet but once they were anchored, he wrapped a blanket around her shoulders just in case.

When he settled down, Woo Bin was close enough where she could smell the headiness of his aftershave but not quite near enough to touch. He grabbed a fishing rod, baiting it with a worm before casting it off the side. Once it was set, he handed her the rod to hold while he opened up a bottle of champagne.

Ga Eul giggled as the bubbles fizzed up, spilling over his hand and causing him to curse quietly. When he offered her a glass, she took a sip but refused to hand over the pole. "I think I have a bit more experience at this than you," she teased.

Woo Bin scoffed playfully. "Oh, you think so?" He stood up, returning with another pole in hand. "Fine, then. Whoever catches the biggest fish wins."

"Wins what?" She demanded, though her smile widened at the prospect.

He hopped back onto the bench—close enough now that their thighs were pressed together. "Hmm, we'll have to come up with a wager." Tapping a finger against his chin, he gazed over at her. "You first. What do you want?"

She licked her lips, digging through for something outrageous but not too extravagant. "If I win, you have to get me some of those expensive chocolates from that French shop uptown. Do you know the one I mean?" She'd never been inside but it looked lovely from the window.

"Is that it?" He glanced at his watch, as if he were waiting. "I think you can do better than that, Ga Eul. You have the chance to get everything you ever wanted. Don't settle for chocolate."

Tilting her head at him, she wondered what he was playing at. "Chocolate is my favorite thing in the world." Still, he seemed eager to do more and since she had no intention of holding him to any of it, she threw caution to the wind. "But..."



"But?"

There was a tug from the end of her fishing hook that dragged her out of her thoughts. "Oh! I've got one!"

Woo Bin grabbed her hand before she could start to reel in her prize. "We have to negotiate the terms of our contract first. What do you want, Ga Eul? Tell me everything."

Maybe it was the way the sunset danced along the ocean waves or the melody of a buoy's bell in the distance. It could have been the warmth of him bleeding through her dress or the twinkle in in his eye, but she wanted to open up her heart to him. "I just want to be happy."

He nodded then.

When he let go, she turned the reel as quickly and as hard as she could. Woo Bin steadied the line when she pulled in the biggest fish she'd ever seen. He pulled it off the line for her and she stared in awe of it twisting on the deck. "We should throw it back," she begged. "I don't want it to die."

"You don't want to eat it?"

Her lips curved up. "It would take an army to eat him! He's too big to make a good spicy fish stew and I don't have a big enough oven to cook it whole." She knelt beside it, offering the fish a warm word of goodbye before she picked it up and hurled it back into the sea to be with his family.

She noticed he was staring at her but he didn't say anything.

There were several more fish caught that night—all by Woo Bin. The starry night enveloped them, cooling the air where they stood. Ga Eul huddled against him to stay warm and the champagne helped too. She was pleasantly loose and drunk when he pulled the boat back in to the harbor. "I suppose that means you win then."

"Why's that?"

"Because I put my fish back and you caught a whole bunch," she replied. "You never told me what you wanted, Woo Bin."

"I only thing I want is to spend the night with you."

Her heart began to race inside of her chest and she had to grip her purse tightly to avoid clutching at it. He must've realized how forward that must've sounded because he dragged a hand through his hair.

"I'd like to continue our date, that's all I meant. You must have worked up quiet an appetite." He was looking at her, as if he expected her to come up with an excuse. When she didn't, he shot her a winning smile. "Come on. I have just the thing."

It occurred to Ga Eul that he probably chose this car because it had a larger trunk than a sports car. It was a short drive to the observatory and he led them to the back of the place. With a knock, a security guard opened the door and the two men bumped fists before leading them to the upper deck.

Woo Bin spread out a blanket and set out a veritable feast for them to enjoy under the stars. When he grabbed another bottle of champagne, she shook her head. "We shouldn't, my head is already spinning." It wasn't just the alcohol, she was afraid. This whole evening had been perfect—like something ripped out of the pages of her diary.

Wait a second...

Hadn't she written exactly this dream date in her actual diary?

actual Ga Eul's spine went rigid. "Do you take lots of girls fishing when you take them on dates?"

"Never," he laughed. "This is a first for me."

Her eyes narrowed. "And the observatory?"

"No, not here either." He seemed to be catching on to her line of questioning. "Chu Ga-Eul, I can explain."

Heat scorched her cheeks as she leapt to her feet. " How ? How did you know, Woo Bin?"

How He didn't stand, choosing to stay on his knees instead with his hands raised in mock surrender. "Forgive me. I don't normally do this kind of thing: take a woman on a date because I actually like her and not just because I want to get her into bed." Although he didn't look up at her, there was remorse in his eyes. "That's not to say I wouldn't take you to bed if you asked me to."



In just a minute's time he had managed to wreck everything about this amazing, perfect date. She was left feeling exposed. Wrapping her arms tightly around herself, she shook her head. "Excuse me, I need to get home."

"Ga Eul!"

She wasn't aware that she was running until her lungs began to ache. Worse, still, was that she was headed exactly the opposite way she needed to go. When she turned, she was shocked to see Song Woo Bin standing behind her. "What are you doing?"

"You took off into the night, how could I let you go alone? Besides, you haven't heard my side yet." He must've sensed that she was going to take off again, because he grabbed her around the waist. To his credit, he didn't take her back to the observatory but led her to the car and waited patiently while she considered getting in. Mostly she wanted to huddle in the passenger seat and turn the heater on full blast; the other more rational part of her brain wanted to stomp home in a huff.

But then...what right did she have to do that?

Song Woo Bin wasn't her boyfriend. They didn't even know each other that well, despite the time they had spent together over the years. She was acting like a jilted woman when she had no right. He had only probed into her privacy to find out what she liked...it wasn't a free pass, but it entitled him to an explanation.

Heaving a sigh, she climbed into the car and buckled herself in before he got any ideas about helping her. "Talk."

He smirked at her, though there was something nasty behind it. "You're not like other girls I know—except Jan-di, of course. So, I called her. I called Yi Jung, too."

Ga Eul's felt her blood run cold. "You called Yi Jung? What did you say to him?"

"I told him there was a special girl I wanted to take out."

"And what did he tell you to do?"

"Buy condoms."

If he'd slapped her, it would've stung less. "Ah, I see..." She stared down at her lap. "And Geum Jan-di?"

Woo Bin laughed and leaned back into his seat. "She screamed at me to leave you alone. Then she told me she'd box my ears if I hurt you. I suppose I deserve both, don't I?" He forced a smile that didn't reach his eyes. "She was the one who suggested fishing. The observatory, I...well, I like to go there when I'm by myself. When I stare up into the vastness of space I realize how small we really are. And then I don't feel so isolated."

Silence hung between them for a long time.

Ga Eul finally broke it with a heavy sigh.

Woo Bin took his eyes off her only to glance back at the road now and then; it was as if she was the only person in the universe.

"I didn't think it was possible to redeem yourself after that but you may just have accomplished it. But I warn you, tread lightly from here on out."

He pumped a fist in triumph, smiling unabashedly as he pulled off onto the street where she lived. Turning the engine off, he took out the keys and pressed them into the palm of her hand.

"What's this?"

"My father insisted on getting you a new car. Believe me, Ga Eul, it's easier if you just accept and don't make a fuss about it. He's already taken the liberty of having the old one towed. I'm sure it's been destroyed by now."

Shock coursed through her. "This car is...mine?" Glancing around, she was suddenly so overwhelmed the only thing she could do was fling her arms around his neck and hug him. "Thank you."

The minute their bodies connected felt like a spark of electricity slammed through her. He must've felt it too, because he winced. "You can thank my father. He insists since he missed you at breakfast that you join us for dinner tomorrow."

"Me?"

Woo Bin's lip quirked upward, "Are there any other people in this car?"

Ga Eul glanced around—partially in jest but also to make sure he didn't have a girl stashed in the back. Then, she shook her head. "I suppose not." The uncertainty she'd been feeling rose up in her like the tide until finally she could hardly swallow past it. "I'm not sure it's a good idea."

He nodded then. It looked like wanted to argue but he held his tongue. "I had a lovely evening."

"Yes, most of it was fun." She chuckled, nudging him playfully. "Thank you, Woo Bin." When she got out of the car, he followed her to the door. When he brushed a strand of dark hair from her cheek, she swore he was going to kiss her. She braced for it; waited for him to lean in and claim what was there for the taking.

Instead, he bowed and waited until he heard the lock click before he whispered his goodbye to her front door.

Ga Eul hurried up the stairs to watch him as he went.

Although it was late, she was still thrumming from his touch. Hours later, even as she tried to concentrate on her romantic novel, she could only think of Woo Bin and the sincerity in his eyes, the warmth in his voice, and how hard he'd worked to plan the perfect date. And then she'd gone and ruined it...

How silly was she?

It was no wonder she couldn't keep a boyfriend. It was for the same reasons why Yi Jung had cast her off.

By morning Chu Ga-eul had all but decided she'd done the right thing by annoying Song Woo-bin into ending their date early. It was a ridiculous notion thinking that the F4's Don Juan would ever settle for someone as simple and plain as she—even for one night.

She was about to take her first sip of tea of the morning when a thunderous knock sounded on the door. Gazing through the peephole, she found a deliverywoman standing there.

"Chu Ga-Eul?"

"Yes?"

The woman handed over a box that must've weighed twenty pounds and then disappeared before Ga Eul could have produced a tip. She dragged the box over to the counter, eyes widening in shock as she saw the name and logo of the fancy French chocolate shop. " Sunbae ," she murmured to herself, "This is too much!" There were several hundred dollars worth of chocolate but she was only interested in the gorgeous gold card on the top.

Sunbae Her fingers trembled when she picked it up. It was handwritten and something told her it wasn't a shopkeeper or the deliverywoman who'd penned it:

"Eomma,

"Eomma, I can make you happy.

I can make you happy. P.S. dinner is at seven.

P.S. dinner is at seven. -Song Woo Bin"

-Song Woo Bin" Ga Eul stared out into the hazy morning sunshine as she clutched the letter to her chest. She had some thinking to do...but first, she had a few errands to run.





Chapter Two: It Ain't Me





The creeping fear that someone was going to tackle her had not dissipated, even as Ga Eul stood on the Song porch. She found herself bracing for impact even after the door opened to reveal the man she couldn't get out of her head.

Swallowing back her uneasiness, she bowed to him. "Good evening, Song Woo-bin." She brushed off how uncommon it was for the young master of the house to answer a door for himself. He must have been anticipating her arrival—Chu Ga-Eul was nothing but predictable, after all.

As she stepped into the house it occurred to her that it was chaos. The maid was running up and down the stairs, voices hushed and worried; that was to say nothing of Woo Bin's father who looked as if he was about to explode at any moment.

She stopped dead in her tracks. "If this is not a good time—"

"Chu Ga-Eul!" Just like a mask had been lifted, his suddenly smiled at her. "My child, it's so good to see you. I apologize for all of this. My niece from Busan has taken ill. It might not be such a difficulty except she's here with her son. Obtaining a baby nurse at this late hour has become somewhat of a challenge and my staff is tied up. Some other unexpected guests have just shown up as well."

unexpected The opportunity to help brought a smile to Ga Eul's face. She told herself it must be fate that brought her here and it eased her mind. "I'll be happy to watch him. Please, I insist. I love children."

She noticed Woo Bin's fist was clenched when his father disappeared. The older man was only gone a minute before he returned holding a chubby infant, eyes wide and red from crying. "Miss Chu Ga-Eul, may I present to you my beloved great-nephew Lim Hyun-Ki."

Her heart melted right then and there. "A big name for such a little one." The babe couldn't have been more than a few months old, barely able to hold up his own head. When she took him into her arms, he hollered with a force that seemed to shake the chandelier. Ga Eul laughed, kissing away the tears rolling down the boy's cheeks with ease. "You are so precious!"

Song Woo-bin was staring hard at her, his eyes shimmering with emotion she didn't dare name. For the first time since she arrived, she really looked at him. He was dressed in a crisp grey suit that looked like it had been poured onto him. Thankfully, the fist seemed to have unclenched and he was back to his normal smiling self. "Right this way," he offered, hurrying her out of the hallway and into a sitting room.

There were so many men and women dressed up in expensive clothes. Ga Eul was suddenly glad she was holding Hyun Ki, if only to hide the same simple pink frock she'd worn on her date with Woo Bin. It wasn't just her favorite dress; it was the only nice one she had.

Song Woo-Bin didn't seem to mind. He settled her down into an armchair, leaning in to speak into her ear so she could hear him over the conversation of the room but not speak loudly enough to disturb the baby. Hyun-Ki was not asleep, but watching with big, wide brown eyes and his fist stuffed into his mouth as his head lolled against her shoulder. "What can I get you to drink?"

"Whatever you're having is fine," she replied without giving it much thought. The next thing she knew there was a heavy handed up of soju with fruit juice sitting beside her with a straw in it. At first she wondered why but then he lifted it to her lips and she realized she couldn't exactly drink it with her hands occupied. Giggling softly, she sipped from the straw. It was a very thoughtful addition. "Thank you, Woo Bin. I'm sure I can manage from here."

soju She could see the frown behind his eyes. "You should be sitting back and allow me to thank you for all you've done and instead you've been asked to do us another favor. Consider me your personal servant for the evening." Resting his arm against the wingback tips of the chair, he stood guard over her as guests mingled. Every time someone got even remotely close to her or the baby, his menacing expression grew and the protectiveness in his posture became more pronounced.



Most of the guests obliged, turning their attentions to Woo Bin's father or one another for company.

But not everyone.

"My, what a lovely couple you make!" The old woman's voice was thick with age and she leaned heavily on her cane when she moved toward them. "Song Woo-bin, I never thought I would see the day you happily settled."

Woo Bin grimaced. " Grandma , you must have gone senile. This is Lim—"

Grandma "I am aware of who the child is, young man." When she turned her attention toward him, her eyes were bright and alert. "I am speaking, of course, of my grandson's beautiful girlfriend. Will I be granted an introduction or do I need to be rude and do it myself?"

Ga Eul sat up a little straighter, her cheeks beginning to burn. "Pardon me, Sunbae , but I'm not—"

Sunbae " Not just my girlfriend," Woo Bin segued smoothly. He plopped down beside her, arm slung around her shoulders—though he took care not to jostle the baby. "Grandma Song, this is my beloved: Chu Ga-eul."

Not The shock rendered her utterly speechless as the old woman fawned over her. It didn't seem to bother her at all that Ga Eul was simple, plain, and quiet. Embarrassment burning through her, she reluctantly allowed the other woman to inspect her face. She gripped her chin and turned her neck, then pinched her cheeks. "Oh, yes, you are just a perfect pretty thing!"

" Me ?"

Me Woo Bin laughed then, rubbing at her shoulder before he leaned in and planted a kiss to the crown of her head. "She's so modest too. That's my girl."

If a breeze were to waft through the room right then, it would've knocked Ga Eul right over. She giggled nervously, eyes riveted on the man at her side who must have lost his mind. When the old woman momentarily turned away, Ga Eul quickly checking his forehead to ensure that he too hadn't come down with another mind-altering sickness.

must When he leaned in, she was sure he was going to kiss her—hard and deep and rough, exactly then way she'd imagined. Instead, he leaned into her ear. "Trust me."

What other choice did she have, really?

Everyone here was a stranger to her. They were watching her with curious eyes and whispers on their lips. Close up, they didn't seem so nice. Song Woo-bin had done what he could to protect her from the vipers until then but Grandma Song's introduction had suddenly opened up the opportunity.

The rest of them lined up, bowing and offering up names that Chu Ga-Eul would never remember in a million years.

Some of the guests were downright terrifying— the way their malice showed through behind their eyes. Ga Eul wasn't sure what she'd done to offend any of them, but they seemed to hate her instinctively. Although no one dared be openly hostile with Woo Bin at her side, there was certainly something dangerous simmering beneath the surface.

Not everyone was awful, though. A girl not too much younger than Ga Eul hurried over. "Hi, unnie , I'm Kim Janghwa." She bowed her head. "I'm so very glad there is someone here of my age and station."

unnie Woo Bin growled low in his throat. "She could never be as low as you."

The girl clucked her tongue at him. "If I remember, you used to like how low I could go."

low Would her cheeks every stop flaming? Ga Eul couldn't imagine they would. Song Woo Bin was on his feet in an instant, fists clenched. "Say that again and I'll kill you. Do you understand me, Janghwa?"

The anger in his face, in his voice, Ga Eul actually believed he would. She cradled the babe closer to her chest, running her fingers through the silky hair at the crown of his head. When she breathed in, it wasn't just that intoxicating new baby smell that she could detect but a very welcome excuse to break the tension. "Excuse me, the baby needs a change. Woo Bin, would you please show me to where the diapers are being kept?"



He rose to his feet like a phoenix—but twice as angry as one. Despite his fury, he was nothing but gentle when he helped Ga Eul get to her feet. He led her down the corridor past bedrooms into a nursery.

She hadn't expected they would have a dedicated room for the baby, but it was even more gorgeous than anything she'd ever seen—even on television. The walls were bright white and adorned with adorable baby ducks. Splashes of color brought a happy vibe to the room. She could hardly contain her smile.

"You seem a bit too pleased at the prospect of changing a diaper," Woo Bin teased. At least his good humor seemed to have returned.

"Mmm, I thought perhaps I would make you do it." It was intended as a joke but he looked deeply concerned. She couldn't back down now.

"I've never...I mean, I've never even held a baby. How can I change the diaper? I-I'll break it!"

"It's not an 'it', it's a him," she replied, breezily. "Besides, don't you think it's high time that you learned?"

Woo Bin scratched at the back of his neck. "Well... o-kay . But you have to make sure I don't hurt it. Him !"

o-kay Him Ga Eul hadn't expected him to capitulate so easily. She couldn't imagine any of F4 agreeing to change a stinky diaper—and that included Ji-Hoo with his medical training.

Song Woo-bin took a hesitant step toward her and followed closely when she laid the little one on the changing table.

"Gently undo the little snaps there at the bottom of his pants."

The moment Woo Bin touched the baby he began to fuss. Hyun-Ki screwed up his face and wailed, agitated by the dirty diaper and having been moved around. "Did I hurt him?" Woo Bin breathed, the fear in his voice was palpable. "Ga Eul, I don't think I can do this."

Gingerly, she rubbed at his shoulder. "You're doing fine," she murmured. "Go on, don't be afraid. He's sturdier than you think."

Woo Bin was shaking like a leaf, afraid that any touch would hurt the precious child. "Alright, little man, just hang in there," he whispered under his breath as he followed Ga Eul's instruction and allowed her to gently guide his hands. When the diaper was finally gone, he gagged. "Holy—"

"Ah!" Ga Eul gasped. "Don't curse in front of the baby!"

He looked terrified, afraid now that any move he could make was wrong. " Sheesh !" It was clear from the pallor of his cheeks that he was not enjoying this, but he forged ahead—cleaning up the soiled baby.

Sheesh Ga Eul was impressed—more so with Hyun-Ki than with Woo Bin. The baby only whimpered a little bit, gumming his hands as he watched the man changing his diaper with fascination. Once the mess had been cleaned up and a fresh diaper was in place, she'd never seen a child more content.

"Go wash your hands," she pressed gently. And then once he returned, smelling of lavish soap, she inclined her head. "Sit down."

"Why?"

"Because it seems ridiculous that you've now changed a diaper but have never held a baby before."

Song Woo-bin's eyes were like saucers as she lifted the kid up to her shoulder, kissing his chubby cheeks until he smiled.

Once Woo Bin was seated, she gingerly handed him over. The pair of them were so handsome it made her breath catch in her throat; although, she was not the only one who had forgotten they needed air. " Breathe ," she murmured, her fingers grasping his tight shoulders to calm him down. " Sunbae , you're a natural."

Breathe Sunbae Hyun-Ki's eyes drooped, his tiny head falling onto Woo Bin's shoulder. Ga Eul was certain her heart was going to burst. She had never imagined seeing the infamous F4 Don Juan holding such a precious, tiny child nor did she think he would enjoy it so much.



It was the very first time she had ever regarded him as a man who would be a good father. She was well aware thinking of him in that way was dangerous—not just because she could never admit to it let alone how she found herself longing for it.

No.

She couldn't let herself get swept up in this tender moment. She had to remember her uncertainty and, of course, her outrage. "What was all that before? Telling all those people I was your beloved and then being so rude to Jangwha... why , Woo Bin?"

why Woo Bin couldn't possibly run from her with the baby just so lightly asleep in his arms—though it certainly looked like he wanted to. "You can't trust any of them, Ga Eul. I was trying to protect you."

"Protect me from what?" Her narrowed her eyes. "I am not embarrassed by who I am. I worked hard in school, I got my teaching certificate and have made a life all on my own. I may not be rich or pretty—"

"Why do you keep saying that?" He demanded. "You're beautiful ."

beautiful As if he expected her to believe that. She turned from him, not wanting him to see how she blushed for what seemed like the millionth time tonight. "Don't insult me."

Ga Eul could tell just by the way the baby sighed that Woo Bin had thought about getting up and then at the last moment thought better of it. When she stole a glance back at him he had clutched the baby tighter to his chest. "I'm not insulting you. I'm speaking the truth." He sighed then, shaking his head. "Remember I asked you to trust me? Can you please just do that? I can't explain everything today but I promise one day I will. I swear it on my mother's grave."

not She wanted to argue, really she did, but that sincere look was back on his face. He had been so protective of her in the sitting room; something had made him want to act that way. This was his home, his world, and he knew it better than she did. If Woo Bin truly believed she could be in danger, she couldn't fault him for taking action to ensure her safety.

something It didn't make it easier to nod her agreement.

"I will hold you to that, Woo Bin."



"Good."





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. There was so much she wanted to know, needed to know.

needed He just didn't know how to tell her.

Woo Bin had been livid when he found out his father's 'quiet family dinner' had suddenly turned into a meet and greet with Asia's mafia elite.

For half a second he was glad Ga Eul had declined his invitation to dinner and then he'd seen her car on the monitor. There was a transmitter on the bottom of it that opened up the gates automatically. It allowed her access to his home and his that no woman—or man—had ever been granted in the history of the Song crime empire.

From the security camera, Woo Bin watched her gather up her courage and walk up the steps to the house. He began to think of all the ways he would have to make uninviting her to dinner up...and then his father stepped in and forced his hand.



Suddenly Chu Ga-Eul was a lamb walking into the lion's den—with a baby in her arms no less. They were going to eat her alive unless he stopped them. God, if he hadn't been sick with worry he would've enjoyed her company. Too bad he had to fend off the animals—it wasn't just the Nah brothers, the Kims, and the Cheongs he worried about. The Song cousins and his grandmother were by far the blood thirstiest of the group.

His father had orchestrated this, of course. How dare he! Woo Bin would be having strong words with him later. If this was the man's idea of 'training' him to take over the family business, it wasn't going to go over well.

If any of those people gathered thought that Chu Ga-Eul was a servant or a plaything, she would've been fair game. After the niceties were dispersed and more drinks had been poured someone would've suggested passing her around—probably his cousin Do-won— and Woo Bin could not be held responsible for his actions if they so much as breathed on her.

breathed He'd have murdered every last one of them without a drop of remorse. There was nothing else to be done, he had to show them all she was under his protection and damn the consequences.

Shifting baby Hyun-Ki a bit higher up on his chest, Woo Bin licked his lips. "Ga Eul, I feel as if perhaps I should write you a letter of apology you can refer to it every time I screw up." When she giggled it warmed him all the way through. "Come here." He patted his lap.

Her expression as suddenly blank as she looked down at his leg. She considered her options carefully before inching closer, settling herself down upon his knee.

Woo Bin wrapped his arm around her. "I'm sorry."

"You don't need to apologize for doing what you felt was right."

Damn it.

Damn it. Little by little, this woman was chipping away at his icy F4 exterior. He had planned to woo her with his power and prowess until she could not resist him; instead, she was the one wooing him.

He didn't tell her it had been three days since he went to the club and nearly a week since he'd buried himself inside some stupid, nameless slut to calm the raging in his soul. Just sitting here with Ga Eul in his lap—not even paying attention to him, but fawning over the baby instead—he felt whole .

whole "Yo, Eomma ?" he murmured.

Eomma "Yes, Woo Bin?"

"Kiss me."

He expected her to tense up, blushing furiously again. After all, Chu Ga-Eul was nothing if not predictable.

Except when she wasn't.

With the coquettishness that didn't fit a woman of her experience, she chewed at her bottom lip until it plumped beneath her assault. Her pink tongue darted out to wet her lips. Just as soon as he thought he was die from the exquisite torture, she leaned in and offered him the sweetest of kisses right in the middle of his forehead.

If it were anyone other woman, Woo Bin would've been deeply annoyed instead of just frustrated. He ached to push her back against the chair, devouring her heart and soul while as he ravaged her mouth. Never before had his blood raced for anyone like this. He wanted to take her, to claim her, and not stop until he was holding their child in his arms.

their Focusing on controlling his temper—and his libido—took all his strength. Ga Eul must've realized it, because she gingerly gathered Hyun-Ki back into her arms. She paced the room, singing softly to him as she went. It was unnecessary, of course, because the baby was sound asleep but Woo Bin was warmed by it nonetheless. Everything about her charmed him.



The longer he sat and watched, the more all of this started to make sense again. Yes, he'd been pissed off that every lowlife in the greater Seoul area now know Chu Ga-Eul but maybe it was a good thing after all. He'd already promised his father he'd marry her and give him some grandkids; she was going to be a fixture in his life, in this family. Today definitely wasn't the day to tell her all these things but it was time to start easing her in.

"You must be hungry."

Ga Eul stopped her pacing. "Well, yes , actually..."

yes Woo Bin slipped his arm around her waist as he led her to the dinner table. Food was being served right according to schedule. He pulled out a chair for her, settling her in carefully before he took his place at the head of the table.

If anyone of the men and women gathered thought it was odd, they didn't say a thing about it. Nor did they blink when he began to cut up the food in front of Ga Eul.

Her smile lit up the room. "Thank you, Woo Bin. That was very thoughtful."

Now she could eat her meal with the baby curled up on her shoulder. And she was enjoying it too; she kept whispering him to him that everything was delicious. When she was finished, he made sure she got an extra helping of the chocolate cake he'd demanded they make for dessert.

Even after the meal was over, they sat for a long time. His fingertips brushed against Ga Eul's as she navigated polite conversation with some of the world's most dangerous criminals.

Although he'd played part as Master Song for the evening, when it came time for the talks and negotiations Woo Bin was turned away. Normally such a thing would've annoyed him but he was all too glad for some alone time with Ga Eul.

The maids had finished for the evening they were free to put the sleeping baby to bed. Woo Bin caught the look of disappointment on Ga Eul's face when they took the little one away. "Do you want to go for a walk?"

"Yes, that sounds lovely."

It was much warmer tonight. The chill of spring was starting to give way to the heady heat of summer. Still, Ga Eul pulled her sweater tighter around herself as they began down the path to the gazebo.

When he started to pull off his jacket, she shook her head. He should've realized it—she was uncertain. "What are you afraid of, Chu Ga-Eul?"

"Many things."

"I wouldn't have guessed. I've seen the neighborhood you live in," Woo Bin replied sardonically.

She laughed then, shaking her head.

Although he was tempted to unravel all the secrets she was keeping, he let her lead them. The air was thick with impending rain and he was certain he'd heard a rumble of thunder in the distance. "I'm afraid of heights. Silly, I know, but when I go up to the top of a building my stomach ties itself in knots. I can't look down."

Her mouth gaped open. "Really? I didn't think you were afraid of anything. You're so brave and strong, Woo Bin."

As close as they were now, he felt the distance between them. Ga Eul wasn't looking at him, but staring at her reflection. He wished he could read her mind then, to find out what her deepest fears were, to banish them immediately; and then he'd work on granting her fondest wishes.

It just wasn't time yet.

When the thunder rumbled again, he knew it wasn't imagining it this time. Lightning flashed, illuminating her visage. They stood in silence, watching as the storm kicked up around them.

"Woo Bin?"

"Mm?"

She was chewing her lip again and he wanted so badly to kiss her worry away. "I don't know why our paths crossed again but I can't help thinking there was a reason for it."

Her dark hair fell across her cheek, obscuring her face. He reached out, tucking it behind her ear. "I think so too."

"The last few years have been so...empty. Geum Jan-di is so busy with school. I was never close to Ji-Hoo or Jun Pyo, even if they were around around. And Yi Jung ..." The tenseness in her shoulders was back again, along with a frown marring her pretty features. "I keep thinking about what you said in the observatory. I've been lonely too."

Yi Jung He swore she was going to kill him.

Worst of all—she didn't even know she was doing it.

The gentle pout to her lips, the openness she showed to him, it was more than he deserved. He was F4, built to bend women to his will. They had always come to him willingly, their hearts hard enough that they didn't break into pieces when he used them and tossed them aside. Chu Ga-Eul was too soft, too sweet.

He was going to be the one break her and he hated himself for it.

Gathering her up into his arms, the thunder crashed around them again. "I want to go somewhere."

"Now?"

"No. Your school break—it's coming up, right?"

She nodded. "In a few weeks, yes." She furrowed her eyebrows. "Where will we go?"

"It doesn't matter." The cherry vanilla scent of her shampoo tantalized him; having her this close and not making a move might actually kill him. He resisted only by digging his nails into the palm of his hand. "Tell Geum Jan-di to get Jun Pyo ready. I think it's been much too long since we've all been together."

Her eyes were suddenly bright. "Really?"

"Really." He nudged her playfully. "Leave it to me."

Song Woo-bin knew it was a nasty trick on his part. Tonight had only illustrated to him how compatible he and Ga Eul were, but there were still complications.

Well, just one to be exact...

one Once upon a time he thought that friendship was thicker than blood—especially when it came to F4. Now, he realized, that was foolish.

Chu Ga-Eul was going to be his blood, no matter what he had to do. It meant putting the past behind them and in order to do that, he needed her to see the truth that had been right in front of them all along.

Yi Jung was just a placeholder in her heart. A heart that would belong to him.

He just had to fight for it.

"See? I told you I could make you happy, Eomma ."

Eomma "So you did, Appa ."

Appa It was a good thing Woo Bin wasn't afraid to fight dirty.





Chapter Three: Superposition





Woo Bin heard the clomping across the shiny marble tile before he ever saw her.

"GA EUUUL"!

"JAN DI- YA !"

YA Jan Di burst through a crowd of people before tackling her best friend in a tight hug. They both began to speak at such a rapid pace Woo Bin had no idea how they could understand each other.

Gu Jun Pyo strode up behind them with his usual expression in place—lips curved down into a frown. "You're making a scene," he chastised the girls. Jan Di glared back at him but Ga Eul averted her gaze in embarrassment.

" My man !" Woo Bin clapped Jun Pyo on the shoulder. "Where's Ji-hoo?"

My man "Right behind as always."

That was an astute observation. " Yo, bro ," he wrapped an arm around his shoulders, pulling him closer. "Are we ready?"

Yo, bro Jun Pyo led the way to the VIP section of the airport, notifying his pilot to prepare for takeoff. Although the rest of them were more than willing to take a commercial flight, it was nearly impossible for the Shinhwa heir. Paparazzos and admirers constantly bombarded him anytime he went out in public; it was safer to take his private jet and avoid the hassle.

Since they didn't have to purchase tickets it had been almost too easy to hide where they were going from Ga Eul.

Woo Bin tried to make a game out of it. He'd been dropping little clues to help her guess where they were going. The first gift had been vague—a snowball candle, but then he got her a pair of wooden shoes, and a Fika horse. She must know by now they were going to Sweden...

must He was a little surprised she hadn't said anything to him about it.

Once they were on the plane, Woo Bin plopped himself directly next to Ga Eul and ignored Geum Jan-di's suspicious look. Surprisingly, she held her tongue but he didn't think for one second she wasn't going to bring up the elephant in the room.

When they finally reached cruising attitude a flight attendant offered Woo Bin his usual drink along and a suggestive smile. He took the glass casually but handed it to Ga Eul without ever breaking eye contact. The woman wasn't as stupid as she looked; she hurried to get him another drink, which she delivered without anything more than a bow.

When everyone was served, he raised his glass. "Let's toast to being together."

"Shouldn't we wait until we're truly all together?"

truly It wouldn't have bothered him so much if the voice hadn't been Ga Eul's.

Woo Bin wrapped his hand tighter around his beverage and tamped down on the urge to sneer. This trip was his opportunity to show her he was one of the good guys and could keep his promise to make her happy. He was aware it was not going to be easy for her to see Yi Jung again, particularly when he knew a flame of desire still flickered in her. His best friend was kind and well intentioned but he'd never be the soulmate Ga Eul yearned for.

The man she was looking for was Song Woo-Bin and by the end of this trip he intended to stake his claim.

Not one F4 member knew Woo Bin had his mother's wedding rings polished and resized. They were nestled in their original box, tucked between a cashmere sweater and a pair of tube socks in his carry-on. If he'd wanted to propose right then and there, he could have.

Under normal circumstances Woo Bin was not a sentimental man but Ga Eul was different; he knew her well enough to know she wouldn't be impressed by some shiny bauble. A family heirloom would suit her much better and he found himself wanting her to have them. Something of such deep emotional value should stay in the family.



"Why don't we toast to new adventures?" Ga Eul offered, moving her glass toward his.

"Here, here!" He replied, clinking their cups together.

She tipped her glass back, taking a big gulp before wincing. It was endearing how much of a lightweight she was. A couple of glasses of champagne or a little soju made her cheeks flush and her defenses drop. One more drink and she'd be like putty in his hands. He could reach over and caress her thigh while she—

soju "Song Woo-bin?"

He startled, shaking himself out of those dirty private thoughts. He cleared his throat and answered in a hurry. "Yes, Geum Jan-di?"

"I need to talk to my friend. In private ."

private " Okay ."

Okay When he didn't immediately move, she screwed up her face. "I meant now." Her expression left absolutely no room for argument.

Even if this wasn't going to be a ten-hour flight, he didn't want to endure a trip of any length with an angry Geum Jan-di. Raising his hands in mock surrender, he did as he was asked. "Fine! If you need me, I will be—"

"Shoo! Go away!"

If looks could kill he'd be stone cold dead right now.

Before he stepped out of hearing range, he shot a glance at at Ga Eul. She covered her cheeks with her hands, a remorseful expression playing on her face. It didn't escape his notice that he mouthed a silent apology to him. Woo Bin felt strongly that it was he who owed her an apology. They both knew that she was about to be interrogated within an inch of her life. He didn't envy her...

And then he met Gu Jun Pyo in the aisle.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm coming to catch up with you guys. It's been a long time—"

"That is not what I meant," Jun Pyo huffed. "What are you doing with Chu Ga-Eul? I heard you asked her on a date ."

date Woo Bin leaned against the seat, grinning like a fool. "I see that Jan Di is rubbing off on you." When he glanced back, he caught her glaring daggers at the both of them and he laughed. "I don't know what you're worried about."

Jun Pyo scoffed indignantly. "Don't play dumb, Woo Bin. It doesn't suit you." He glanced around the corner to where the two women were speaking quietly enough not to be overheard but obviously in a heated discussion. "That woman is Jan Di's only true friend."

only "So?"

"So, you can't play with her."

play with It should've been insulting but Woo Bin was aware of his reputation. He was a shameless flirt, sweet talker, and notorious cad. Unlike Yi Jung, Woo Bin's lovers didn't have the chance to fall in love with him. His expectations were clear; when he took a woman home it was hard and fast until he kicked them out. Yi Jung was at least nice to his girls afterward.

F4 had always overlooked Woo Bin's cruelty before but now Geum Jan-Di had become their moral compass. He supposed it would have been odd if they sat back and did nothing.

Gripping the headrest of the seat a little tighter, he put on his sincerest face. "That's not what I'm doing, Jun Pyo. What we have is real."

A derisive snort was the taller man's reply. "Stop playing around. You can't seriously be interested in her!"

"I am ."

am "I said stop!"

Now Woo Bin was starting to get agitated. "I like her, okay?"

like

It was clear from the Shinhwa heir's expression that he wasn't buying any of it. "What exactly does the quiet, plain, virgin Chu Ga-Eul have to entice you?" He folded his arms across his chest. "If you want to deflower someone, I'm sure we can find one who is not the best friend of the woman I love!" He exhaled shakily, temper nearly getting the better of him. "Commoners are a different from you and me—"

virgin not "No," Woo Bin interrupted. "I'm not like you. I'm not the heir to a corporation or a political movement or to an artistic empire. You know what my family is and what we do ." His fist clenched in response, a reminder to all of them that he was the violent one in the group. Madame Kang had allowed him to interact with Gu Jun Pyo only because his family kept unwanted usurpers from disrupting their chance at world domination; it was a twist of fate that they'd become best friends. "I'm not walking away from her. You should get used to the idea."

not do Ji Hoo—the impartial observer—remained ready to intervene at any moment.

Jun Pyo's face was twisted into a glare. "What are you saying?"

"My father likes Ga Eul quite a lot. He gave me his blessing to marry her." Watching his friends tumble over in shock was almost worth this very uncomfortable conversation. "Once we have a kid, my father will step down and the Song Empire will be mine."

" Marry her ?"

Marry her "Kid?" Ji Hoo squeaked. "Woo Bin that's—"

"Insane?" Jun Pyo snapped.

"Exactly!"

Anger was starting to rise up in Woo Bin's chest. He hadn't expected his friends to be happy or supportive, but openly hostile? It stung. "Whatever you might think, my intentions are good. I like her and I think she likes me too. We're very compatible."

like "What do you think So Yi-Jung is going to do when he finds out?"

The question lingered heavily in the air.

Woo Bin sighed and turned to stare out the window. It didn't matter what he said; they weren't going to take his word on this.

Brushing it off with a casual shrug, Woo Bin downed the rest of his drink and started in on a second one. He wanted to return to his original seat but one look in the girls' direction told him it would be hours before Jan Di ran out of steam.

Slipping on his headphones, he turned up his music and tuned everything else out. He might as well get some rest now. Once they were in Sweden Song Woo-bin was pulling out all the stops. He was going to show all of them: Geum Jan-di, So Yi-jung, Gu Jun Pyo and Yoon Ji-Hoo. But most importantly, he was going to show Chu Ga- Eul; she was the one who mattered the most.

all

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Ga Eul traced the condensation on her glass to where it collected around her pretty pink fingernail. She'd chosen a pastel polish from the discount bin at the convenience store and begged one of her roommates to do it so it looked perfect—as if she'd had it done at a fancy salon. Since she'd brought the color with her, she'd offered to do Jan Di's nails while they waited.



Focusing on the manicure was a welcome distraction from Jan Di's worried looks. Once she'd finished, though, Ga Eul expected there to be a barrage of questions rivaling the Spanish Inquisition.

The silence was far more frightening.

Perhaps Geum Jan-di had learned something from Gu Jun Pyo after all. After several minutes of stony looks, Ga Eul was ready to spill her guts. She finished off the rest of her drink in two gulps. "Jan Di- ya ! You're killing me," she cried, "Just ask me what you want to know!"

ya "Is there anything you want to talk about?"

you "Woo Bin?"

Jan Di looked satisfied then, her posture instantly more relaxed and her smile beginning to return. "Well since you brought it up..."

Ga Eul narrowly avoided rolling her eyes.

Her best friend scrunched up her noise and pursed her lips. "I'm worried he might try to take advantage of you."

"No, it's not like that." She folded her hands in her lap, trying to avoid grimacing in response. "It was fate I found him standing out there on the street. He was sick and needed someone to help him. He asked me out because wanted to thank me, that's it. I didn't think he meant it was a real date at first. And then when I did...I enjoyed myself for the most part."

real Her mouth opened and closed several times before she finally found the words. "Do you think Song Woo-bin would bring you on a date if he didn't have certain expectations of what he wanted from you? He's F4, Chu Ga-Eul, don't forget that."

She found herself chewing on her bottom lip again, worrying it between her teeth as she fought for composure. "What is F4 anymore? They're grown men, not silly kids! I can see a change in Woo Bin. He's...different. He isn't the same playboy he always was."

"That doesn't mean you're safe from him," Jan Di countered, her expression remaining grim. "I love Woo Bin like a brother but I know once you give in to what he wants he'll end up hurting you."

"What is the worst thing that could possibly happen? It's not as if he could swallow me whole."

"You're wrong."

Whatever could she mean by that?

Ga Eul had to wonder why her friend looked so unsettled. "I realize his family is dangerous. I met them when I went to dinner at the Song house. Maybe I don't know everything but Woo Bin promised I'd understand in time." Before Jan Di had a chance to interject, she silenced her with a look. "I appreciate you looking out for me. You're my best friend and I know you only want what's best for me. But when it comes to Woo Bin and me, please stay out of it."

Surprisingly, that statement didn't get her a dirty look. If anything her friend looked even more worried than before.

What else could so do to soothe Jan Di's concern than to take a page out of Woo Bin's book. "Geum Jan Di, I swear to you that if anything happens, you will be the very first one to know. I know how to guard my heart. I've protected it all these years and I'm not about to get careless now. Please, trust me."

There was so much more Jan Di wanted to say, Ga Eul could feel it in her bones. Jun Pyo had definitely been rubbing off on her; she chose to remain quiet and offered a smile instead—though it didn't quite reach her eyes.

definitely At the very least, Ga Eul was assured she would be able to make her own mistakes. "Thank you. Now, did you set a date for the wedding yet?"

Steering the conversation back toward safer territory proved easier than expected. Jan Di's groaned at the talk of a wedding but her spirits lifted again. The girls gabbed about the medicine program at Shinhwa University, expressed their excitement at the opportunity to explore Europe, and reminisced about their trip to New Caledonia—which seemed so long ago now.



When dinner was being served, Song Woo Bin returned with a dourness she couldn't ignore. Ga Eul nudged him gently, prompting him to pull his headphones off. "I didn't think you'd want to talk to me for a while." His eyes flicked toward the rest of the group. "How bad was it?"

"It was fine," Ga Eul replied, keeping her voice low. Jan Di had gone to sit with Ji Hoo and Jun Pyo for the meal and she more than suspected they were talking about her and Woo Bin. "They're taking this all too seriously."

"You don't take this seriously?" He sat up straighter.

His question puzzled her. "I'm not sure what you mean."

At the snap of his fingers the dinner trays were taken away and he moved closer to her. Touching knees and shoulders wouldn't have been so intimate but his lips were millimeters from hers. She could smell the sweetness of his drink on his breath and the lingering musk of his cologne.

He twirled a strand of her hair around his finger, "This isn't a game to me."

Ga Eul wasn't sure what ' this' was but whatever the outcome, it certainly had F4 and Geum Jan-Di worried. Ga-Eul, on the other hand, ached to unravel the mystery. At the slightest touch, goosebumps erupted over her skin and she shivered. She said nothing when he peeled off his jacket and placed it around her shoulders. She wasn't cold...not in the least.

this' There was a part of her that wondered if she'd ever be cold again. The lingering touch and searing heat of Woo Bin's gaze had lit a fire inside of her that she wasn't sure how she was going to put out.

Woo Bin's thumb brushed against the bottom lip she'd been chewing. She ached for him to do more . It was an absurd desire—especially given present company. Woo Bin must have realized what a scene it would cause if any of their travel companions caught him touching her with such familiarity.

more He stopped and she was left wanting. Again.

Eventually the weariness of travel began to catch up to her and soon, her eyes began to droop. It wasn't long before she found herself leaning over, using Woo Bin as her personal travel pillow. He wrapped his arm around her and cradled her against the warmth of his body.

Ga-Eul didn't expect to sleep so heavily or so long. When she finally woke, the plane was beginning its descent into Stockholm and that uncertain look had returned to Woo Bin's eyes. "Are you alright?" She asked quietly—so no one else would hear.

He exhaled his reply. "Will you make me a promise?"

"Anything."

"Don't ever change, Ga Eul."

She regarded him methodically—tracing the crease in his brow and the curve of his lips. He was worried, though she wasn't exactly sure about what. There was something weighing on his mind and she ached to ease it. "I've gone this long being the same old Chu Ga-Eul. I wouldn't know who else to be." She laced her fingers with his. "Is that good enough?"

Woo Bin smiled and gave her hand a squeeze. "Yes, Eomma ."

Eomma Ga Eul giggled. "Good. I can't have my Appa in a bad mood on the first day of vacation." She took comfort in Woo Bin at her side. He was in a great mood again by the time they stepped off the plane—insisting that he take her bag for her so she wouldn't be overburdened by it.

Appa She had only just stepped out onto the pavement when she connected with a warm body.

So Yi-Jung was grinning handsomely at her, his diamond earring glinting in the waning sunlight. Everything about his perfectly tailored suit and his heavy cologne and the way he looked at her like she was the only woman in the universe. It set her teeth on edge.

"Chu Ga-Eu, it's good to see you."

Her heart pounded in her throat as she struggled to regain her footing—literally and metaphorically. "Hi, Yi Jung," she wrapped Woo Bin's jacket tighter around her for protection.

F4 as suddenly crushed together. Ji Hoo and Jun Pyo got their first, followed a step behind by Woo Bin. They laughed and bumped fists before hugging it out. Altogether, their handsomeness seemed to quadruple. Everyone in the airport and surrounding area took notice and started to swarm.

"Let's get out of here, shall we? I took the liberty of hiring a limousine," Yi Jung said, leading them to the car parked a short distance away.

Jun Pyo prodded Jan Di forward and Ji Hoo stuck close to her side. Ga Eul, always feeling somewhat like the odd man out, stayed several steps behind.

Woo Bin surprised her when he slung his arm around her shoulders. "Remember your promise?"

She gazed at him out of the corner of her eye. "I remember."

" Okay , just checking."

Okay She found herself laughing at the absurdity of it. And yet, she couldn't deny it was the first time she felt at east smiling since she laid eyes on Yi Jung. Perhaps this didn't have to be awkward; Woo Bin would help her keep things somewhat normal.

"I propose we live up our first night in Stockholm," Yi Jung recommended, his eyes never leaving Woo Bin's face. "I know just the place. It's exclusive, caters to the rich and elite. And it's walking distance from my place. What do you say?"

Woo Bin's arm rested heavily on his woman's shoulders. She could feel him tense up at the suggestion, but his words didn't follow suit. "Great idea, bro ! Ga Eul? Do you want to go?"

bro She glanced over at him then back at Yi Jung before she smiled. "Yes, that sounds fun."

Yi Jung just nodded then went back to looking out the window. "Good, it's settled."

The hint of tension inside the limo didn't dissipate the remainder of the trip to So Yi-Jung's residence nor did it lessen once they were shown to their rooms. F4 had been given personal suites; Geum Jan-Di was settled in the guest bedroom on the first floor. Ga Eul, on the other hand, found herself in a sitting room directly outside So Yi Jung's room.

The daybed there was exquisitely comfortable but there was no privacy. Determined not to complain, she entered a bathroom she instinctively knew was Yi Jung's personal space. She dressed in a hurry, tossing on a navy skirt with a simple white frock that she dressed up with a necklace that she'd borrowed from her mother.

When she stepped out of the room, she was so relieved to see Woo Bin that she nearly wept. He was quiet and tense but he was there . "Are you alright, Eomma ?"

there Eomma "Yes." She hurried to his side, ignoring the glimpse of Yi Jung she caught as he stepping out of his bedroom. It was silly to be so uneasy but she couldn't shake the feeling this wasn't going to end well.

Once all of them were gathered again, Yi Jung grinned like the Cheshire cat. "Alright, let's go!"

Ga Eul took a deep breath and took the first step. It was far too late to turn back now.





Chapter Four: A Step You Can't Take Back





Ga Eul had never seen so many beautiful women in one place. They were all blonde, tall, leggy, and wearing such scandalous clothing she almost couldn't make eye contact.

Yi Jung led the way, parting the gorgeous like the Red Sea. In an instant he had two girls hanging on him, their painted faces seeming to shimmer even in the low light. "Tell Hugo we'll need bottle service in the lounge," he commanded a third girl. She looked ever so pleased to take his orders.

How was it that Ga Eul had forgotten the effect he had on women?

They bent over backwards for him, falling over their feet to see to his comfort. Not just him, she noticed, but all of F4.

Gu Jun Pyo crushed Geum Jan-di against his chest, using her like a human shield to fend off admirers who might get too close. Ji Hoo, on the other hand, was uncharacteristically chatty with a woman who spoke not a lick of English or Korean, but managed to enough common ground in French to get him to agree to a drink.

Woo Bin was the wildcard.

Chu Ga-Eul had walked in at his side but as soon as they were in the VIP area, she kept her distance. Yes, they had a nice date and had shared dinner at his house but she didn't for one second think that meant he wouldn't partake of what was offered him. The women lined up to hit on him, a veritable buffet of girls who were a thousand times prettier, smarter, and more outgoing than she.

Instead of selecting a companion immediately, Woo Bin poured her a drink. He lingered at her side, swaying to the music pounding through the club. The DJ kept it light and fun, amping the mood up.

Somewhere in the depths of her mind she heard Woo Bin's voice. Her eyes snapped to his and she cocked her head. "What?"

He leaned into her, hot breath fanning over her ear. "I said do you want to dance?"

Glancing around her, Ga Eul realized there was no one else he could be speaking to. It wasn't just his proximity to her but the fact that they were alone near the VIP booth. "Me?" she squeaked.

Woo Bin snorted and wrapped his hand around her wrist. "Come on," he urged and proceeded to drag onto the dance floor.

And then he left her there.

She stood there, shocked and unsure. What was he playing at?

He jogged up to the platform where the DJ was spinning his records. Woo Bin reached into the pocket of his vest, sliding over what could only be an obscene amount of money before he glanced back at her, winking.

The music changed then, softer and slower.

Although she'd never heard this melody before something told her that she would love this song for now on. Woo Bin crossed the dance floor, bowing low at the waist. "May I?"

Butterflies erupted in her belly. Her heart pounded, her mouth went dry, and her knees were suddenly weak. Somehow she managed to nod and he pulled her against his chest.

Woo Bin was an incredible dancer, she decided. Although they didn't do anything more than sway in time with the beat, the way his hand rested against the small of her back and how she fit perfectly against his body—it was unlike anything she'd ever experienced.

"Do you trust me?"

"Yes."

His lips descended over his, gently at first but steadily more insistent. He tasted sweet and smoky, like the alcohol he'd been sipping mingled with something addictive.

Maybe it was the soulful song or lingering exhaustion from a long journey but Ga Eul had suddenly forgotten all her good sense. She stood on her tiptoes, deepening the kiss. She was crushed against him, his fingers tangled up in her hair and still she craved more.



Were it not for the return of the booming club music, Ga Eul wasn't certain she could've stopped.

Every cell in her body was pulsing with intense desire. She swore that at any second she was going to burst into flame. Woo Bin must've been feeling the same because he took her hand—gentler this time—and led her through the crowd.

The air outside was thick with the smell of rain and it reminded her of the night she'd gone to dinner at his house. Looking back, she'd wondered if he had wanted to; she certainly had imagined it, but soon chastised herself for reading too much into their relationship. She told herself the silly crush was one-sided. They were just two lonely people missing their mutual friends and finding comfort in each other's company.

What she'd just shared with Woo Bin, however, was not comfort. It was raw passion—fierce and uncontrollable, much like the man himself.

Ga Eul couldn't look at him but when she finally did, she couldn't stop looking at him. Woo Bin was just as flushed as she was, his pupils dilated to near black as he watched her with hunger in his gaze.

She was half-afraid she'd never recover. "What was that?"

"Have you never been kissed before?"

"Not like that." All the cold, wet smooches she'd endured couldn't hold a candle to this . "I didn't know I could feel this way."

this His fingertips traced the curve of her cheek. "What way do you feel, Chu Ga-Eul."

way Against her will, she trembled. "Wanton. Wicked. I...I want things I don't know how to ask for."

Woo Bin's searing mouth found hers again. He pushed her against the railing of the balcony; the coolness of the metal bleeding through the thin fabric of her shirt and heightened the sensation.

They were several stories up and with just a little push she would go hurtling over the edge...and yet, even if she stayed rooted to the spot she was in, pressed against Woo Bin, she still feared she was going to fall.

She was.

She was falling for him.

Song Woo-Bin. F4's Don Juan.

The moment the thought fluttered through her mind, he pulled away from her. Ga Eul bit her lip to keep her whimpering, a droplet of blood rising to the surface. She held her breath, waiting for the sting of his rejection.

"I can't," he whispered hoarsely. "I won't have the first time I take you to be on the roof of some stupid nightclub. You deserve so much better, Chu Ga-Eul." Reaching out, he pulled her close; he pressed his forehead to hers, eyes fluttering closed. "Forgive me."

"I was as much a willing participant as you." With his eyes closed he looked so young and innocent but when he opened them there was darkness in his wisdom. Still, she didn't look away. "What did you mean when you said 'the first time'?"

Woo Bin laughed throatily and Ga Eul felt it deep inside her gut. He toyed with a strand of her dark hair. "I would hope by now you realize I like you. I want to be with you."

"You what ?" She sputtered.

what His lips brushed against hers again, tenderly this time, "Isn't it obvious?"

Had Geum Jan-Di been right all along? Woo Bin was F4, after all; he must have expectations. Fears she hadn't dared consider were suddenly staring her in the face. She couldn't ignore them anymore. Instinctively, she took a step back and wrapped her arms around her waist.

There was nothing but sincerity in his eyes and in his voice but he sensed her doubt. "I'm not going to rush you." He stooped down so he was eye-to-eye with her. "I promised to make you happy. I won't ever go back on that."



"I..."

" Ga Eul !" Jan Di's sharp voice cut through the air. "Come on, we're going. Yi Jung's not well. He drank too much."

Ga Eul Woo Bin shook his head. "I'll go check on him."

The intrusion was welcomed. Ga Eul didn't know what to say; she'd been struggling to find words to explain feelings she didn't fully understand yet.

On the walk back to Yi Jung's house, Woo Bin and Ji Hoo half-dragged, half-carried the So heir at their side. Jun Pyo kept his distance—as if he expected the smaller man to hurl at any moment. Jan Di walked at Ga Eul's side, silent and stony. When they arrived, she looked like she might explode from holding back her words.

Ga Eul tried to comfort her the best she could. "All is well."

"You have stars in your eyes," she accused. "What happened to guarding your heart?"

Song Woo-Bin happened.

One kiss and he'd torn down all the walls she'd put up. She was vulnerable and terrified of it, but she was also filled with feelings of such deep longing. For the first time in her life she was completely open and although it was frightening, she could feel in her bones it was right .

right Instead of answering, Ga Eul offered a vaguely comforting smile. "Goodnight, Geum Jan-di." She turned on her heel and headed to the sitting room where her bed was located before there could be any further questioning

Midnight had come and gone long ago, the minutes ticking closer to dawn. The sky was hazy purple twilight, casting shadows in the room. After digging her pajamas out of her bag, Ga Eul padded into the bathroom and triple checked to make sure the door was locked before she turned on the shower.

Water rained down from multiple showerheads steaming up the mirrors and the windows. She stripped down testing the heat before she stepped beneath the caustic spray. Water ran in rivulets down her face and body, mimicking the path that Woo Bin's hands had taken. She imagined his mouth on her again—not just on her lips but all over her body. Despite the scalding temperature, she shivered.

She considered his words, his promises, and she wondered if she could believe him. Geum Jan-di didn't seem to think so, and Ga Eul had always valued her opinion above all others. And yet, there was a voice deep inside her that told her he could be trusted.

Her instincts were not always good but in this case, Ga Eul couldn't ignore them. She needed Woo Bin like she needed her next breath. Even if she got hurt, the way she was feeling right now was worth the risk.

Decision made, she finally stepped out of the shower. Using her hand, she wiped away a spot on the mirror. Plain and simple, that's what Chu Ga-Eul was and yet Song Woo-Bin made her feel like she was precious and cherished. When she braided her hair, she remembered how his fingers had tugged at the strands, pushing her closer toward the edge...



The edge of what she didn't quite know yet but she was going to find out.



what A plume of steam followed her out of the bathroom. Dressed only in simple cotton pajamas, she shivered against the coolness of the air. Woo Bin's jacket was sitting on the chair and she chewed her lip before pulling it on. It smelled like him and she inhaled it deep into her lungs. A shy smile played on her lips.

"Ga Eul."

She jumped, spine tense and heart pounding.

Yi Jung was sitting on the edge of her bed, half obscured in the darkness of the room. When she got close enough she could see how bloodshot his eyes were; when he sighed she could smell the alcohol on his breath. "I had a dream."



She was careful to maintain the distance between them. She didn't like when Yi Jung drank like this. The last time she'd seen him so intoxicated was the night he'd dragged her to meet his father and then took her out to a club where he'd hit on other women and eventually gotten his hand broken in a terrible fight. It was the incident that had set all of this in motion...

"Aren't you going to ask me what it was about?" He pressed and fisted his hand in the bedspread.

Swallowing hard, Ga Eul inclined her head. "What was it, Yi Jung?"

He seemed satisfied with that, his shoulders suddenly sagging with relief. "I've had the dream about a thousand times. It started two years ago. I see you standing in a wedding dress with yellow roses clutched in your hands. I felt panic clawing at me as you walked closer and then you kept moving past me." His hands were trembling. "At first I pushed it away, I told myself it didn't mean anything. You wouldn't belong to some nameless, faceless man—not while I had breath in my body."

Although the distance between them was great, Ga Eul felt as if the room had suddenly shrunken down. Yi Jung was standing right beside her now and she had no idea how he'd gotten there. "Please—"

"No, let me finish before I lose my nerve," he begged.

She pressed her lips into a thin line and motioned for him to continue. It was more than he deserved but she realized she needed to hear what he had to say almost as much as he needed to say it.

His tongue darted out to wet his lips. "Tonight, I saw the truth. When I closed my eyes the dream was not the same. You had a different dress and different hair, your roses were dark red, and when you stepped up onto the altar it was Song Woo-Bin standing there."

It wasn't until that moment that Ga Eul realized Yi Jung was crying. Tears slipped down his cheeks, catching in the hazy dawn light that had begun to stream through the windows. Reaching out, she grasped his shoulder.

"You looked so natural with him tonight. The way he touched you, supported you...the way he kissed you." When Yi Jung bent over, Ga Eul feared he was going to faint on her. Instead, he held out a bag to her. "I told you I'd hang onto this until you met your soul mate."

How many years had it been since she'd given Yi Jung this?

The chocolate had long gone stale, inedible in its age. For him to hold onto it for so long, Ga Eul could hardly believe it. "I can't believe you still have this."

Though his eyes were still wet with emotion, he smiled. "I never doubted you would find a man who deserves your love. I just never believed it was me."

Even despite everything that had transpired, his words still stung. Ga Eul had believed herself in love with So Yi-Jung for more years than she cared to admit to. He was the man by which she measured all other men, the object of her affection, and the constant in all of her fantasies.

Until Song Woo-Bin had showed up on her block and turned her world upside down.

Clutching the bag a little tighter, she nodded slowly. "I know this may seem odd to you."

"Actually, it makes perfect sense." He narrowed his eyes at her. "I'm not sure why I didn't see it before."

Ga Eul wondered if the alcohol had addled his brain or if he really had seen the future. Instead of pressing for more answers, since he was obviously still intoxicated and in danger of passing out at any moment, she ushered him back toward his bed.

Carefully she tucked him in, filling up a glass of water to set at his bedside. When she had finished, she leaned in and kissed him gingerly at the top of his forehead. "I'm sure you won't remember any of this in the morning."

Yi Jung snorted then. "Ga Eul it is already morning." Although his smile was grim, he didn't let it fade. "I'm happy for you—the both of you. I won't interfere, but I need you to make me a promise."

already It felt a little ridiculous to keep making all these promises to so many different people, but Ga Eul couldn't help herself. She nodded.

"Name your first kid after me?"

"Not a chance, bro ."

bro Woo Bin was standing in the doorway, his telltale smirk firmly in place. "Go to sleep now and stop harassing my girl."

Yi Jung waved him off but was much more peaceful this time around. In just a few moments he rolled over onto his side and was soon snoring softly.

Ga Eul's heart was pounding again when she closed the door to his room, leaving her along with Woo Bin again. She watched as he picked up the gift bag, glancing inside. "Is this for me?"

"Yi Jung said he'd hold onto it until I found my soulmate."

"Ah," he replied and then pulled out the box opening it up to inspect the chocolates.

Ga Eul gasped. "Wait! Don't eat it!" Hurrying over, she pulled it out of his hands. "It's terribly old. I'm sure it's gone bad! You'll make yourself sick!" She shoved them back into the bag and promptly pushed them into the trash. "I'll get you new chocolates, I promise."

Woo Bin laughed throatily, shaking his head. "There's no need." He rocked back onto his heels, his expression suddenly hesitant. She wondered why he looked so pensive. "There's something else I want."

"What?"

Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out a small black box. "I have never been a patient man. When I see something I want, I take it." He tapped her chin gently, pulling her attention to his face. She'd seen him be serious before but never like this. "I want you, Chu Ga-Eul. I want a life with you and everything that it entails. I want you to marry me."

"Yes."

The response startled even her.

It shouldn't have been that easy. Ga Eul shouldn't have been so wholly sure that this was the right path. She'd been had one date with Song Woo Bin, met his father and his family on their second, and kissed him for the very first time tonight.

Woo Bin kissed her softly and any doubts were dispelled right then. He slipped the ring onto her finger, a simple platinum band with a cluster of diamonds in the center that were placed in the shape of a flower; two emeralds flanked the formation like leaves on a vine. It was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen in her life.

"This was my mother's. When she died it was left to me, Seeing you with it now, I know it's right." He licked his lips. "About our friends?"

She glanced up at him. "I think it's better if we keep it between us, at least for a few days. Don't you think?"

He nodded then. "Soon, Chu Ga-Eul, we'll be able to tell everyone. For now, it's our little secret."

' Little' secret, indeed.

Little'

Ga Eul stared down at her engagement ring, perfectly fitted on her left hand. She never wanted to take it off ever again. It was so perfect and special, and her heart sang at the fact that he'd given her his mother's ring.



"Are you happy, Eomma ?" He asked, draping his arm around her shoulder

Eomma "So happy I could burst," she replied and leaned her head against him.

Woo Bin seemed satisfied with that. He held her close as they watched the sunrise. At some point she must have fallen asleep because she awoke much later that afternoon with sunshine splashed across her face. Even in her earliest waking moments, she gazed at the ring and her soul soared.

She never wanted it to end.





Chapter Five: We Must Be Killers





It didn't seem possible that things were going so well.

Woo Bin considered the issue between Ga Eul and Yi Jung put to rest now that his ring was on her finger. She hadn't taken it off since he'd given it to her. It surprised him no one noticed—or if they had, nobody said anything.

On their last night in Sweden they'd driven out to the sandy beach of Langholmsbadet. F4 collected driftwood and dug a firepit while Jan Di and Ga Eul searched for shells. High above their heads, seagulls fished and bobbed atop the water; a crane breezed by, its wings casting shadows on the land. The sun had begun to set and was sitting low on the water. It's vibrant yellow rays spread out over the beach, warming their faces with the last vestiges of light.

Woo Bin inhaled the salty breeze deep into his lungs. It didn't feel at all the same being on the water in Incheon. The air there was heavy, thick with the scent of fish and sweat; here it was fresh and clean. He attempted to skim a rock but failed miserably, frowning when it hit the surface with a heavy plunk .

plunk A second stone whizzed by, rippling as it skimmed the surface. Woo Bin turned to greet his best friend.

Yi Jung's expression was grim. Crouching down, he dug his fingers into the wetness, leaving deep gouges in the sand. A wave rushed forward, smoothing them before returning to the tide. "Women are much like the ocean, don't you think?"

"You mean wet ?"

wet "Be serious."

" Bro , let's skip the metaphors and you tell me what it is you want to say." He cast a glance over at where Ga Eul was standing. Her dark hair blew in the gentle ocean breeze and soft smile played on her lips. Her innocence struck him deep in the chest. "I'm a little surprised it took you this long."

Bro The potter smiled and dug his hands into the pockets of his white linen pants. "I wanted to see what was really going on with you two."

"And?"

Yi Jung inclined his head. "Let's take a walk."

He didn't want to be overheard. Frankly, Woo Bin didn't blame him. This conversation was a long time coming. Although he'd never expressly told his best friend he'd been planning on taking Chu Ga-Eul out but he'd dropped enough hints for the man to deduce it on his own. Yi Jung wasn't stupid; he was just blind when it came to matters of the heart.

Song Woo-Bin wasn't any better. At least, he hadn't been until Ga Eul found her way into his path.

Gu Jun Pyo and Ji Hoo had managed to start a pretty nice bonfire. As the blanket of night spread across the beach, it was a beacon back toward warmth and safety. Woo Bin was glad to see Ga Eul had settled beside it to warm her face and hands.

Silence hung between the two best friends, though it wasn't unpleasant. They walked along the water and watched the moon rise. When they were finally far enough away to satisfy Yi Jung, he spoke. "Why her? Of all the women in Seoul. Hell, of all the women in the world why did you go after Chu Ga-Eul?"

world Woo Bin mulled the question over. "I didn't plan on pursuing this quiet, shy little girl. Suddenly she was there . And then—"

there Yi Jung finished the sentence, "She wouldn't leave."

He nodded swiftly. "I can't stop thinking about her. It's infuriating. In the darkest hours she's the light shining through. I can't look away. I can't stop myself." Admitting all of these soft, flowery feelings out loud for the first time was cathartic. He frowned into the dark. "I don't want to stop. I want to protect her from anything and everything."

want

"Aren't you afraid you'll be the thing that hurts her the worst?" Yi Jung paused then, waiting for a blow that never came. "I've known you since kindergarten, Song Woo-Bin. I know you almost as well as you know yourself. You don't intend to be callous but you've got a certain way with women. You can't treat Ga Eul like that."

way If only what Yi Jung was saying was untrue, maybe it wouldn't have stung so much. "It's not my intention to hurt her."

"Your intentions aren't what worries me. You have a good heart."

"So, I'm just a bad person with a good heart?" Woo bin snarled his reply.

Yi Jung's silence was very telling. He turned to stare out at the water. "Your family does terrible things. You and I both know it. Does she ?"

she Woo Bin's jaw had begun to tick. "When did this turn into a conversation about my family?"

"How do you think you can discuss one without the other?" Waves crashed on the shore as the tide began to rise. "I've seen her with your mother's ring. I'm not sure what's worse—that you've committed to being with her or that she'll be ruined either way."

"Where is this coming from?" Woo Bin demanded. "A few days ago you were asking me to name our first child after you. I thought you'd accepted this."

"I was drunk !"

drunk It was taking every ounce of strength in his body not to retaliate physically. "How is that any different than usual?" It was a low blow but Woo Bin was not feeling particularly charitable this evening. When his back was up against the wall, he reacted just like any animal would. "What bothers you more, Yi Jung, that Chu Ga-Eul cares for me or that she's not pining after you anymore?"

His face went scarlet. "I never wanted that! I didn't encourage her—"

"The hell you didn't!" Woo Bin growled. "Stepping up to play the prince in her fairytale. Your sweet little 'fake' dates? You led her on and then brushed her off yet somehow I'm the villain in this story?"

Yi Jung clenched his fists in rage. "Of course I want her, Woo Bin, but I'm not the settling kind. So, I've kept my distance. You, on the other hand, seem to think that somehow giving her your mother's wedding ring will make it all okay? Does it occur to you how similar she and Chu Ga-Eul are? Young, sweet, and naïve...and you know how that ended for your mother."

want It was too much. Woo Bin's anger erupted like a volcano and he pushed Yi Jung with his full strength. "Don't you dare ," he warned.

dare "If I don't say it, who will?" Yi Jung's voice didn't waver. "You're my best friend. Even now, even though you're angry with me. I see now how much she means to you. So, I am helping you protect her. Let me be perfectly clear: it's not because I want her for myself!" He didn't move to strike back, but his posture remained tight and tensed—ready to fight if needed. "You were at my house the night your mother died, do you remember? Your father asked mine to keep you safe from the thugs who were trying to encroach on the Song territory. Your mother, though, wouldn't leave her husband's side no matter how he begged. Does that sound like anyone you know?"

not Woo Bin's heart and head were pounding. "Stop it."

The potter pushed ahead as if he hadn't heard. "They burst into your house, stormed the warehouses, and burned several nightclubs to the ground. Your father didn't bat an eye. And when they got your mother..." He slowed, hands shaking as he reached out, "Your father chose the business over her life. Tell me, Song Woo-Bin, would you make a different choice?"

Anger burned in his chest with such ferocity that it brought tears to his eyes. Woo Bin's teeth were clenched so tightly he feared his jaw would crack; the physical pain was a welcome relief from the mental anguish he was forced to face.

"You don't have to answer to me," Yi Jung pressed. "I just want you to think about the sacrifice she made for him. Are you willing to ask Chu Ga-Eul to do the same?"

Woo Bin felt as if his legs were suddenly too heavy for his body. He plopped down in the sand, resting his head against his knees. Exhaling sharply, he shook his head. "I don't know." He licked the salt from his lips. "Damn you, Yi Jung."

His best friend smiled then, settling down beside him in the sand. The two men sat shoulder to shoulder, staring into the black. "I want you to be happy, you know that right?"

A snort was Woo Bin's reply. "Yeah, right ."

right "I'm serious. You're my best friend. I want you to find your soulmate. "

soulmate. "It's not a dirty word."

Yi Jung didn't look convinced of it. "If Chu Ga-Eul is yours—"

"She is."

"Well, then, you should search your soul for the answer."

soul Annoyance was starting to win over anger. Woo Bin punched Yi Jung far more gently than he'd wanted to earlier, smiling at the other man's sharp intake of breath. He deserved some pain after everything he'd just put Woo Bin through.

Up until now he'd been thinking only of the benefits to taking Chu Ga-Eul as his wife. They were compatible, had fun, and when he touched her she melted like putty in his hands. Once they married, he'd gain respect; their children would be born without stigma. Most importantly he'd be the head of the family. There was no downside for him.

For Chu Ga-Eul, it would be different. He would have to teach her what it meant to be part of the Song family and how to protect herself. Gazing back down the beach he could only just make out her figure huddling beside the fire for warmth. Even now he'd left her unprotected. It left a bitter taste in his mouth. "We should get back."

Yi Jung pushed himself up, holding out a hand to help Woo Bin. When their hands were clasped, he tugged him upward. "One more thing. If you so much as look at another woman, make any move, or cheat on Chu Ga-Eul, I swear I'll kill you." It wasn't an idle threat, like the kind Gu Jun Pyo made at Geum Jan-Di. There was real malice behind this, real emotion.

any kill Song Woo-Bin smiled in reply. "You'd have to get in line behind Jan Di."

They both laughed then and the tension seemed to dissipate into the night air.

When they were just out of earshot Yi Jung paused. "If you ever need something—help, somewhere to go, someone to turn to—I'm here. I'm on your side. Please remember that." And then, he pasted on a smile.

Please Chu Ga-Eul smiled when Woo Bin returned to her side, patting a spot she had saved for him atop a beach towel. It was too dark for her to see the trails his tears had left on his cheeks or the way his eyes were red-rimmed. When he slung his arm around her back, she leaned against him. "Is everything alright?"

Leaning in, he rested his chin atop her head. "Fine."

Whether she believed him or not, she accepted the lie. Ga Eul tucked herself against Woo Bin's body for warmth. Tomorrow they would be back on a plane for Seoul, returning to the lives they lived instead of the fantasy. He caught her tracing the ring on her finger. Gently, he covered his hand with hers. "Do you want to make the announcement?"

To his great surprise she shook her head. "Can it just be our secret for a little longer?"

A gentle kiss was his reply, just a sip of her lips to let her know he approved. Things had been moving so fast lately, this was a welcome relief. Woo Bin needed time to think about the future and how he needed to prepare Ga Eul for what was to come.

Tonight, though, he'd just enjoy holding her.





Chapter Six: When the Stars Go Blue





"The itsy-bitsy spider climbed up the water spout; down came the rain and washed the spider out. Out came the sun and dried up all the rain and the itsy-bitsy spider—"

"Chu Ga-Eul?"

A deep voice startled her and the heads of fifteen kindergarteners whipped to face it. The man wasn't anyone she knew or recognized. He was at least a foot taller than she with arms like tree trunks, bulging with muscles.

Instinctively Ga Eul ushered the children behind her and put on her bravest face. "Excuse me, we are in the middle of class."

"My apologies, miss, but Prince Song asked me to come for you." Had he wanted to remove her bodily, there was no doubt he could have. "He has been calling for hours."

During the school day she didn't carry her phone. Not only would it be irresponsible to be playing with her phone while teaching; there was always the danger one of the children would break it somehow. "I'm sorry. Please tell Woo Bin—"

The man took a step toward her and all of the children gasped collectively. "You will come with me."

will Anxiety began to churn in her stomach. "You must at least allow me to speak with my boss. The children must be supervised at all times. Please understand, I am not trying to be difficult."

Although it was clear he was not pleased, he allowed her to pick up the school telephone. Choi Jin-Hee was livid , of course; Ga Eul was certain she would fire her right then and there. Yet when her boss arrived to assess the situation her tune changed. "Hurry yourself along now. Take Friday off too. Paid, of course!" Jin Hee's high, breathy laughter was unnatural as the pallor of her face.

livid Ga Eul didn't even have time to remove her smock. The moment the children were protected, her belongings were removed from the teacher's lounge she was led to a town car. Although her escort was not rough with her at any point, she didn't think for one second that he didn't have it in him to do so.

He waited until she was buckled in before pulling out into traffic. The man drove recklessly, lawlessly—not bothering to stop at signs or at lights. Twice they nearly mowed down a pedestrian. Every once in a while he would glance back at her with a stern expression on his face. They made it across town in half the time it normally would've taken.

Her stomach was so unsettled by the time they arrived at the Song house that when she finally stepped out of the car, she promptly stumbled.

Woo Bin caught her easily. "Take it slow." Dragging her up into his arms, he carried her into the washroom and stood by while she promptly puked up the remains of her meager breakfast. " Eomma ," he murmured, "Are you alright?"

Eomma Cheeks burning with embarrassment and from her sickness, she shook her head. "Just a bit carsick. That was quite a ride," she took a shaky breath. Woo Bin was kind enough to help her to her feet. Ga Eul took care to wash out her mouth, thankful for the little vial of mouthwash she was offered.

In her moment of weakness, she had hardly looked at her fiancé. When she finally did, her heart fell into her stomach again. "Woo Bin, what's wrong?"

Deep purple stains of exhaustion stained the tender skin beneath his eyes. He reached out and cupped her cheek. His voice wavered when he spoke: "It's my father."

Ga Eul covered his hand with hers, squeezing tight. "Is he...?" She couldn't bring herself to say the words.

Woo Bin's expression changed. "No, not yet. I'm sorry for abducting you from work. I'm sorrier for not coming myself but—"



"Shh," she soothed, "Don't apologize. I understand." It didn't look like he'd eaten or slept in days and it certainly didn't smell like he'd showered. Ga Eul was certain he'd sat vigil at his father's bedside; she now wished he'd called her sooner.

Voices from outside the washroom dragged the pair of them out into the hallway. Woo Bin led her up the stairs to the second floor. His bedroom was on the left—overlooking the courtyard. Ga Eul remembered it from the first time she'd come to the house. The nursery was just a little further up, nestled beside the bedroom where she'd changed on their first day here; beyond that was the master suite, which had been closed on her previous visits.

Today, the doors were flung wide open. Staff bustled in and out, stopping to bow to her as they went. Ga Eul held tight to Woo Bin's hand as they approached the bed. Master Song was a powerhouse of a man, dynamic and charming in his mannerisms, and yet he seemed so small in that bed.

"What happened?" She whimpered.

Woo Bin wrapped his arm around her. "Heart attack. The doctors did everything they could at the hospital but the damage is too severe. My father made the decision to come home, to be comfortable."

The pain in his voice broke Ga Eul's heart. She pressed herself tighter against him, threading her fingers through the strands of his hair. She wanted to ask him how long he'd been dealing with this on his own and why he hadn't reached out to her sooner, but it didn't feel right. What he needed now was her unwavering love and support.

She intended to give him both.

"You should take a shower and get something to eat," Ga Eul murmured.

"No," he replied curtly, "I can't leave him alone."

She brushed her thumb across his cheek. "Woo Bin, please , you must take care of yourself. Your father won't be alone for a moment, I won't leave his side."

please At first she thought he was going to strike her, the ire that burned in his eyes was frightening enough to steal her breath. Then just as quickly as it came, the rage passed. He deflated, laying his cheek against hers. "I'm glad you came."

Despite the gravity of the situation, Ga Eul smiled to herself. Vigilantly, she walked him to the door to where the butler was standing. "Let me share this burden with you," she murmured. "If anything changes I'll come find you immediately. Your staff will keep me updated as to where you are at all times."

Woo Bin nodded. He was so tired she worried he might fall. "Please keep an eye on him," she said to the butler.

"Yes, Mistress," he replied immediately, bowing and hurrying in the direction Song Woo Bin had stumbled in.

The chair at Master Song's bedside seemed to be on the wrong side. She couldn't see him well from that angle but it was just a bit too heavy to drag on her own. Instead of calling one of the staff in, she eased herself onto the edge of the bed. It surprised her that his eyes were wide open and he was fully alert. "Oh," she gasped, "Hello."

The man forced a smile, extending a hand to her. She accepted it without question, squeezing lightly. "Ga Eul," he whispered hoarsely, "Thank you for coming." A wet cough punctuated the end of his sentence and he motioned for water. Quickly, she poured him a cup and leaned in to help him take several careful sips. "That is much better," he laid back against the myriad of pillows holding him up. "I had hoped to speak to you."

"You should save your strength," Ga Eul pressed.

"Save my strength for what, my child? I am a dying man."

Tears sprang to her eyes before she could stop them. "Don't say that, please," she begged, "I've only just gotten to meet you. I hate the thought of you leaving."



Master Song shook his head. "It won't change the truth. It's best you accept it bravely and listen closely to what I have to say." His eyes were glassy, tears burning behind them. "Take comfort in knowing that I'll soon be reunited with my beloved wife."

Ga Eul found a handkerchief at the bedside, which she used to blot some of the sweat that beaded on the man's brow. Even speaking was a taxing effort now. She offered him a few more sips of water, which he accepted gratefully before stopping to catch his breath. For a minute it looked like he might not be able to and a nurse hurried in, offering him an elixir that slid easily down his throat.

"It won't be long now." He gazed at her blearily, muscles weakened from the dose of medication he'd received. He seemed more peaceful now. "When I'm gone, my son will need you more than ever. Please, do not let him push you away. He will try, my daughter. Woo Bin is more like me than I ever realized...until the day I met you." His laugh came out as a low hum. "You will be his light, his salvation. Understand that he'll be distant at times, cruel at others, but he will love you. Remind him of that. Be strong when he's weak. But most of all, hold him to his promises."

will will It was all so much to take in. Ga Eul could feel him beginning to slip away, little by little. "I will," she pressed. "You don't need to worry, I'll care for your son. I'll make sure he's eating his vegetables and getting enough sleep, but I'll also ensure he's happy. No matter what happens, I'll remain at his side." Holding back the tears that threatened to fall was exhausting. "We'll be a family."

With those simple words, the spell was suddenly broken. Ga Eul held her breath. "Please, wait, I need to get Woo Bin," she begged.

"I'm already here, Eomma ." Fresh and clean from the shower, he closed the distance between the door and the bed.

Eomma She stood up, pushing him to sit where she had been just moments before. Resting her body against Woo Bin's, she held him while he held his father's hand.

"I...I love you," were his final words, offered to the both of them. As the sun began to set in the West the Song patriarch slipped into a peaceful sleep. His breaths came evenly at first and then slower, more abruptly. Before the first stroke of midnight, they were no more.

Only the rhythmic tick of the clock could be heard when the nurse slipped into the room, marking time of death on a simple piece of paper. "Shall I call the funeral home or do you need more time?" She asked, softly.

Woo Bin stood to his full height, shoulders tensed and his face molded into a mask of grief. "There's no need to wait. He's gone."

Ga Eul's heart was breaking but Master Song had asked her to be strong. Woo Bin walked past her and did not beckon her to follow him, but she did so anyway. He paced the floor like a caged animal; she allowed him to wear himself down until his knees began to buckle.

" Woo Bin ," she whimpered, catching him just before he tipped over. She pushed him over onto the bed before setting herself down beside him. At first she thought he was trying to move away from her but soon realized he needed to lie down.

Woo Bin Kicking off her shoes, Ga Eul curled up beside him in the bed. He wrapped himself around her, burying his face in the crook of her neck. She ran her fingers through his hair that was still slightly damp from his shower and whispered soothing words into his ear.

Although she was tired, Ga Eul forced herself to stay awake—even after Woo Bin had fallen asleep in her arms. She watched over him the whole night and when the sunlight streamed through the window, she was there to comfort him in the stark light of day.

Woo Bin sat at the edge of the bed, head in his hands. Tears ran like rivers down his cheeks, shoulders shaking with the weight of his sorrow. Ga Eul held him tighter then, holding back her own grief while he expressed his. She would cry later when she showered and changed into a black dress that one of the maids had found from her. Just like before, this one had belonged to his mother as well.

When Ga Eul found him again the Song Woo Bin she had known had disappeared. This man was standing as rigidly as a tree, his demeanor cold and callous. His tears were all gone, replaced with a dangerous sneer. He'd dressed on an elegant suit and donned a pair of black leather gloves. He'd never touched her with them on before; she had assumed he preferred there to be no barrier between them. He seemed insistent on one now.

When he walked her out to the car, he glanced around to make sure they would not be overheard. "Thank you for coming, Chu Ga-Eul."

"No, thank you for allowing me to come. There's no where else I'd rather have been than at your side," she replied, her fingertips brushing against his wrist. "Woo Bin—"

"Please," he interrupted, "Hurry home and pack your things. Anything you wish to keep, place in boxes or bags and my men will pick them up." He spoke hurriedly. "I do not care what you want in this moment. There is no time for argument. My father is dead and there are people who will use this as an excuse to try and grab for power." When he snapped his fingers, the terrifying thug who'd picked up Ga Eul yesterday appeared. "My man will ensure your safety. I have already sent out the word underground that you are under my protection. You are not in danger at this time but it is best if you hurry."

Ga Eul nodded, unable to form another coherent thought. Woo Bin crushed his lips to hers; he kissed her hard and deep before abruptly pulling away and stalking back into the house. She stood there, head still spinning when the car pulled up.

She slid into the back, inhaling deeply. "Please, take it slow this time."

The man bowed his head. "Yes, Mistress."

It was the second time she had been addressed as such and she wasn't sure what to make of it. Yesterday she was simple Chu Ga-Eul, schoolteacher, and the secret fiancé of Song Woo Bin. Now in just a few hours she was being addressed as the Mistress of this house. It was too much to take in at once. Silently, she stared out the window until her eyes drooped closed.

Perhaps things would be clearer once she slept.





Chapter Seven: Tonight and the Rest of My Life





His father wasn't even in the ground before the first threat came.

They had gathered at the gravesite on a day that was so sunny and mild it almost felt disrespectful to hold a funeral. Yi Jung, Jun Pyo, Ji Hoo, and Jan Di stood among his cousins and grandmother; their number paled in comparison to the hundreds of his father's associates.

Most who had come here had not come to pay homage to the man in the box, but to get a look at the Song heir. These dangerous men and women sought to know his intentions, where he stood, but more importantly wanted to know if they could take him down.

Song Woo-Bin's sole focus was to crush any intent of mutiny before they even tried.

With his façade firmly in place, he could not be touched. He didn't shed a tear during the services and sat as still as a statue until the priest called upon him. Rising to his full height, he took his place beside his father's mahogany coffin.

"We're gathered here today to bury the body of a man who has touched each and every one of lives." Every single eye was on him, friend and foe alike, and Woo Bin did not flinch. "We are not here to bury his legacy. From this day forward I will continue the work my father has been doing. In his honor, I will bring the Song Empire to new heights."

not He extended his hand then, drawing Ga Eul from where she was seated. He had no need to pull her because she came to him instantly. Woo Bin did not smile—it would've shown weakness—but he felt his chest expand with pride. Wrapping an arm around her waist, he returned his attention to the masses. "My wife and I would like to personally invite you to a celebration of my father's life at our home following this service. Any who knew my father know he would not wish for us to weep and mourn, but to remember him with song and dance and, most importantly, good wine."

A murmur erupted from the crowd when Song Woo Bin finished what he had to say. He took a single flower from a bouquet and laid it atop the casket. Ga Eul followed suit. There was comfort in knowing she was so attuned to him. She said nothing about the fact that although he had put a ring on her finger they weren't technically married—something he intended to rectify immediately—nor did she need cuing to do what was proper at a funeral such as this one.

One by one the attendees came up, placing flowers and whispering goodbyes to the former Master Song. When they had all moved off, Woo Bin allowed F4 and Jan Di to stand by for the private moment they lowered his father into the ground. Ga Eul clung to him the whole time—it was the only reason he didn't shatter into a million pieces right then and there.

Heart still aching and his head pounding from having to stuff his emotions down, he finally found a moment of privacy. Ga Eul slid into the limo first, her cool hands a balm to him as she wrapped him in her tender embrace.

"I'm so sorry," she murmured into his hair.

He shifted so he was laying across her lap, gazing up at her. "I couldn't have done it without you. You were incredible, Eomma ." He reached up, cupping her cheek. She'd managed her tears well, weeping just enough to express her grief without showing undue weakness. Any of the thugs watching on would see exactly what he wanted to portray: they were an untouchable power couple, not to be trifled with. He just needed to make it ironclad before he had to go see to the other branches. "I want to marry you today."

Eomma Ga Eul grimaced. "Woo Bin—"

"I got all of the required paperwork done and the priest is on his way back to the house. F4 and Geum Jan-Di can be our witnesses." He knew she was holding back, not wanting to deny him outright; he did not intend to allow her to deny him at all. So, he resorted to playing the hands he'd been dealt. "I've already lost so much. I just want something good to hold onto. My father would want this for us. He loved you and wanted us to be happy."

good

Her fingers rubbed gentle circles over his temples, easing the headache he'd been fighting. She didn't say a word the rest of the trip but when they got back to the house, she laced her fingers with his and allowed him to lead the way.

It was a sure sign of her acceptance.

The staff had really outdone themselves to prepare for the festivities. A full buffet was set up in the grand ballroom. Wine and spirits flowed freely, a wonderful accouterment to the quartet of strings playing in the corner of the room. Asia's mafia elite hobnobbed with European gangsters and the dons who had arrived from the United States, Mexico, and Canada.

Woo Bin would join them later.

Right now, he had more important things to do.

His suit, gloves, and cruel expression did not intimidate Jan Di. The minute he walked through the door to his private room, she was in his face. Jun Pyo stood back, shaking his head as if to say ' this is your problem' . He couldn't have stopped her even if he wanted to.

this is your problem' Woo Bin took it in stride.

"What was all that?" Jan Di demanded, her voice reaching octaves that would make the neighborhood dogs howl. "Ga Eul, why didn't you tell me that you were married to Song Woo Bin!? You promised—"

"We're not married," Woo bin interrupted.

"Thank God!" Jan Di clutched her chest in relief that was sure to be short lived.

He squeezed Ga Eul's hand a little tighter. "We're going to do it today."

" WHAT !?"

WHAT WHAT "Geum Jan-Di," The calm voice belonged to Yi Jung, "Please, listen to what they have to say."

Gu Jun Pyo scoffed, "This can't be real."

Woo Bin's expression darkened again. "It is and I am deadly serious about this. Chu Ga-Eul and I are engaged. We have been for some time." It was a minor stretching of the truth; he'd been engaged to her for a little less than a month. In his business, in his life, a few weeks could be an eternity. He needed to take advantage of this while they still had the chance. No one could know what the future would bring. His father was proof enough of that...

deadly "Please, listen ," Ga Eul's soft voice pierced through the noiseless horror of their friends. "I realize this may feel sudden but that's not true. Song Woo-Bin and I have known each other for almost a decade . Though our relationship has not been romantic until recently, I know what I feel in my heart. We could wait for months, years even, and I would still be just as sure. Woo Bin is my soulmate . I'm going to marry him."

listen decade soulmate Jan Di's eyes widened when Ga Eul removed her hand from Woo Bin's and then stepped forward, showing her the engagement ring. Both women's eyes were bright with tears. "You are more than my best friend. You're like a sister to me," Jan Di whispered. "I can't bear to see you hurt."

"Then please, don't hurt me. Be my maid of honor, Jan Di- ya . Stand up beside me today," she begged.

ya Woo Bin found himself holding his breath. If Jan Di gave her approval, the rest of F4 would go along without question. It wasn't as if he needed their permission but he truly preferred not to alienate his only true friends on his wedding day. When Jan Di finally nodded, he almost sagged under the weight of his relief.



With that settled, he addressed his friends. "Then will you be my best men?"



Ji Hoo and Jun Pyo agreed immediately, but Yi Jung shook his head. "I have another job to do," he said cryptically. His best friend stole away down the stairs and he didn't appear again until Woo Bin was standing up in front of the priest.



Ga Eul and Jan Di had disappeared into another bedroom, preparing for the ceremony. He was indeed a busy man, because although there was no music, no floral displays, no crowd of people gathered to stare at her, she looked incredible. Her hair was braided and pinned—the same style she'd worn the night she'd walked back into his life. The dress she wore hugged her like a second skin; the delicate white lace a sharp contrast against the blood red roses in her hand.

Jan Di stepped in first, dropping petals as she went. When she reached where Woo Bin was standing, she offered him a warning glare and then a tight hug. That was as close as he was going to get to her blessing, he supposed.

Yi Jung walked the bride to her groom, pausing when they were just a few steps from the priest. Leaning in, he gave her a chaste kiss on the cheek. "Be happy, Chu Ga-Eul," he whispered to her.

Cheeks flushed and hands trembling, Ga Eul reached for Woo Bin. He was there in an instant, pulling her against him in response. "We're ready," he told the priest.

"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to join Chu Ga-Eul and Song Woo-Bin in holy matrimony."

Although Woo Bin insisted the ceremony not take any more time than legally necessary he hadn't expected it to be romantic. He wasn't a man who usually cared about such things. Still, there was something special about tying the knot with only the people closest to them in the world standing by.

legally Ga Eul had never been more beautiful; she seemed even more so when she opened her heart fully to him. "I Chu Ga-Eul, take you Song Woo-Bin to be my husband. I promise to be true to you in good times, in sickness and in health. I will love and honor you all the days of my life."

The priest turned to him next. "Song Woo-Bin, do you take Chu Ga-Eul as your lawful wife, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and cherish until death do you part?"

"I do."

Those two words sealed his fate—and hers—for good.

The remainder of the ceremony, Woo Bin focused only on what was to come. Her hands shook as she slipped the wedding band he'd chosen for himself onto his hand; his were steady when gave her the one his mother had once worn.

A couple of signatures on the paperwork made the marriage legal. With that settled, the ache in Woo Bin's chest had eased. He glanced at his friends—and his new wife—and smiled. "Let's go party."

F4 and Geum Jan-Di walked ahead but Woo Bin lingered. When they were out of sight he tugged Ga Eul into his arms. "You've made me very happy today, Eomma . And tonight, I am going to return the favor." He kissed her deep and insistent, just a taste of what was to come.

Eomma It was not his intent to wind her up and then leave her wanting, but he couldn't deny the sick pleasure he got out of it. When he walked her downstairs to the ballroom and her cheeks were flushed, her lips plumped from his kisses, he was the proudest man in the room. With her as his side, he could do anything...

Even halt a rebellion dead in its tracks.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

It was impossible to look away from him. He was the only thing grounding her.

Ga Eul had awoken this morning with such deep sadness in her heart. Saying goodbye to Master Song was no easy task; although she didn't know him as well as she would have, he'd made a huge impact on her life. She didn't think it was possible to feel joy again...

And then Song Woo Bin married her.

She stared at his ring on her finger and marveled at how far they'd come in such a short time. If she hadn't have lived it, she wouldn't have believed it were possible.

Her husband—her heart trilled at the thought—made his rounds with surgical precision. He spent just enough time with each faction, offered just enough politeness to gauge their intent and then moved on to the next family. It wasn't a perfect system, though.

Ga Eul had been standing by the window, holding the same glass of champagne she'd been sipping at all night. A flurry of movement caught her eye and she watched as Woo Bin dragged a man she didn't recognize just beyond the curtain and out onto the balcony.

Once, twice, three times Woo Bin struck the man with the full fury of his fists. The horrific sound of flesh crushing bone turned her stomach over. Blood spurted from the man's nose as he doubled over; he'd definitely broken it—along with several of his teeth.

Woo Bin stood over him. "Do you understand the terms of our agreement now?"

"Y-yes," the man gurgled, " Please ."

Please Another blow silenced him.

With a flick of his wrist, two of his employees dragged the man out. He pulled out his handkerchief. He wiped away crimson spatters of blood and then unceremoniously tossed the garment into the trash.

Turning away from the sight, Ga Eul stared down a new fear she didn't dare name. She knew that Woo Bin was strong—much stronger than she had ever realized. Geum Jan-Di had told her once of how he had been wild the night she and Jun Pyo had been abducted and then how he'd dispatched an entire gang of thugs when she first arrived in Macau. Not once had she seen the full breadth of his power. Now that she had see, she couldn't stop herself from shaking.

"We need to get going," Gu Jun Pyo's cool voice startled Ga Eul out of her thoughts. He paused then, staring down his nose at her. "I think you're a very stupid girl. Maybe even as stupid as Jan Di."

Ga Eul got the distinct impression he was trying to compliment her in his own weird way. Her lips tipped upward into a smile. "Thank you for coming. I know it meant a lot to Woo Bin."

He sighed then. "I should hope so. My mother will murder me when she finds out I went to a crime boss's funeral and attended the heir's wedding. She prefers to keep our dealings with the Song family quiet, covered up." Jun Pyo stared out the window just beyond her. "That's one thing I never blamed her for."

"Did you come here to insult my husband?"

"Of course not," he replied, surprised. "I came to congratulate you."

"You're not doing a very good job."

Jun Pyo chuckled then. "Be well, Mistress Song. Give Woo Bin my regards."

She inclined her head and wondered if perhaps he'd had a bit too much to drink tonight.

Jan Di was waiting for him in the car and didn't come out to say goodbye, though she offered a friendly wave as they drove off. Yi Jung kissed her cheek gingerly before he left. He needed to return to Sweden for a gallery opening. Ji Hoo had not offered any excuse; he was uncomfortable with the people here, so he had been the first to leave.



With F4 gone and Woo Bin dispatching the rest as he saw fit, all of the guests got the hint it was time to leave.

Her husband returned to her side, his arm settling around her back. He'd washed himself up well and changed into a clean suit, but she knew it was because had been covered in other men's blood. When he smiled, there was wickedness beneath it. "Are you ready for bed?"

Swallowing hard, Ga Eul nodded. When he held out his hand, she gazed at it. He must've been able to read her mind because he smirked and then removed his leather gloves.

Palm to palm, she felt a sense of comfort as he led her toward his bedroom. The coldhearted gangster softened, leaving behind the man she'd married. "I'm sure you want to get ready for our wedding night. I know you didn't have much time to prepare yourself." When she gazed down at herself, he gripped her chin. "I meant mentally prepare. The first time can be frightening." Woo Bin poured a snifter of brandy and held it out to her. "Here, this will help loosen you up."

mentally "No," she replied with a sense of confidence she didn't quite trust, "I don't want to dull my senses. I want to feel all of it...all of you ." His lips descended over hers and stole her breath away.

you He removed the pins from her hair one at a time until her hair fell over her shoulders—wavy from being styled. When that was done, he took a step back to admire his handiwork and smiled predatorily at her. "Once we start, I won't be able to stop. Are you sure?" Ga Eul opened her mouth to say yes but he silenced her with a brutal kiss. "I've never been with a virgin before. I've heard sometimes it hurts the first time." His hands were trembling when he touched her cheek. "I don't want to hurt you."

Was this the same man who had beaten an enemy half to death before her very eyes? She had to wonder. How could he be so ruthless in one moment and so gentle in the next? The enigma of her husband was one she did not understand but was willing to spend a lifetime trying to unravel.

"I trust you." She pushed his jacket off his shoulders, undid his tie next and slipped the knot loose before she let it fall to the floor. One by one, buttons came undone and he was finally bare-chested before her. It was not the first time she'd seen him so unclothed but he had added several dozen more scars since their trip to New Caledonia.

Ga Eul paused to take in the sight of him, her fingertips tracing the marks on his skin. "You're beautiful," she murmured.

"I think that's my line," Woo Bin teased. Although he hadn't touched her intimately just yet, she got the impression he was doing everything he could to restrain himself. He was letting her gather her bearings...

It was in that moment she realized she loved him.

It wasn't about infatuation or the alignment of stars or a promise she'd made to his father. What she was feeling was pure, unadulterated, unshakeable love.

Standing on tiptoe, her lips sought his hungrily. The uncertainty she'd been feeling was slowly dissolving into the inky black pools of his eyes.

Ga Eul ran her hands down across his chest and then lower . She paused to undo the buckle of his belt and tensed when he hissed at the contact.

lower "Don't stop," he begged, his breath coming in labored spurts. "You're killing me in the best way possible." Woo Bin rewarded her with a kiss—sweeter this time—but not lacking in any of the fire that burned inside of him. When she had finally disrobed him, he stood before her like Adonis himself.

killing She took a moment to drink him in and her heart thundered in her throat. Her husband was so handsome it was almost blinding. She understood now why women fell at his feet, begging him to love them. Jealousy rose inside of her, dark and dangerous, thinking that this man had been with others before. Her only comfort was in knowing that from this moment forward he would only be with her. He belonged to her now.



He sipped at her lips one more time before he took a step back. "My turn."

Suddenly all the experience Woo Bin had gained over the years was not so distasteful to her. He pushed her back onto the bed, covering her body with his. If she were not so caught up in the sensation of his heated kiss it might've bothered her that all the lights were on. Any rational thought at all was banished when he hooked his finger in the waistband of her simple cotton panties and he dragged them down her thighs.

Ga Eul was bared to him but still wearing her wedding gown. He couldn't have that, of course. In one deft motion he tore the lace away, leaving her as naked as the day she was born. Modesty demanded she try to cover herself but he caught her wrists. "No. Let me see you."

Woo Bin drank in the sight of her like a man dying of thirst. She swore he stared at her forever, memorizing every line and curve of her body. "Incredible," he whispered, his hands cupping her face again. This time when he kissed her it was not to entice or to tease, but to lay claim.

As they made love, there was nowhere he didn't touch her. His mouth closed around her pert nipple and dragged forth a moan that she wore had originated from the bottom of her toes. In turn, she ran her hands along the thin plane of his body, even to the turgid length of him that jutted out only for her. He seemed to enjoy when she touched him there, but soon halted her motion.

"I want to come inside you," he growled into her ear.

Ga Eul's heart slammed against her ribs. "Yes, please ."

please When Woo Bin hovered over her, there was no time for fear. He nudged her thighs apart gently but insistently. "I'm sorry," he whispered as thrust himself inside of her, sliding past that virgin barrier.

Taking him inside her wasn't pain in the way she'd been expecting, but such intense pressure that she was sure she was going to tear in half. Tears burned behind her eyes as she took deep breaths. The first time he moved, her nails dug into his back-but it was not a deterrent.

He seemed to enjoy the pain/pleasure she inflicted. Every time he pushed deeper, she dug in tighter and the more it spurned him onward. Little by little Ga Eul began to lose herself in the motion and the incredible intimacy of their joining. Soon, the discomfort eased and she began to let go. Ga Eul remembered the night in the club, when Woo Bin had her pressed up against the railing of the balcony. She remembered the way her blood rushed to her ears and the heat sang in her veins. It was even more intense now, the feeling of spinning beginning to overwhelm her.

"Gonna come," he warned, but it was her pleasure that hit first. The intensity of it took her breath away and when it returned she could do nothing but cry his name. Woo Bin kissed her again, swallowing her screams of pleasure down. He groaned in response, spending himself deep within the searing heat of her womb.

Woo Bin collapsed on top of her, holding her tight against his body. Even as their bodies began to cool, he didn't let her go. He pressed a gentle kiss to her swollen lips, and then planted one on her forehead. "Are you alright, Eomma ? I'm sorry I had to hurt you..."

Eomma A sultry smile played on her lips. "I'm fine, really. I feel incredible." Ga Eul rested her head against his chest, listening to the cadence of his heart as they lay tangled together. Her fingertips began to trace his skin again and when she reached his back, she chewed her lip. There were livid little bruises beginning to mar his skin. "Are you alright?"

you He nuzzled her neck. "I like that you marked me, wife. Pretty soon I'll do the same to you." That dark, possessive look was back in his eyes. "Everyone will be able to tell just by looking at you that you're mine ?"

mine At first Ga Eul didn't quite understand and then she felt his hand brush against he belly. She startled. "Are you ready for that, Woo Bin?"



"I've been ready since the first time I laid eyes on you, Eomma . You're going to give me the most beautiful children." He rested his chin atop her head, sighing heavily. "I wish I didn't have to leave tomorrow or I could ensure it properly."



Eomma Fear stuck in her throat—not at the thought of bearing Woo Bin's children, but at the thought of him leaving her. "Where are you going?" She was trying hard not to sound desperate. "Can I come too?"

Ga Eul couldn't see his face from this angle but she could feel the sad smile on his face. "It's business. I have to do my duty as the head of this family. Believe me, I wish you could but it's too dangerous." He pressed a kiss to the top of her head. "I promise I'll come back as soon as possible. You understand, don't you?"

She was beginning to.

Woo Bin shifted to hold her tighter against him. Cradled against his body, his arm acting as a pillow for her head, she couldn't help but fall into a deep sleep. The exhaustion and stress of everything that had happened in such a short time caught up and she slept heavily.

In the morning when she awoke alone in bed, she was afraid it had all been a beautiful dream. If not for the ache between her thighs she might not have believed it. Ga Eul found one of Woo Bin's shirts and slipped it on, holding it tight against her body. For a long time she sat there, missing him. It wasn't until her stomach began to growl that she was tempted to go downstairs.

There wasn't a soul around, which she was glad of, but there was a full breakfast waiting for her along with a small note.

"Dearest Eomma,

"Dearest Eomma, While I'm away, the staff has been instructed to follow your every command. Whatever you wish for, say the word and it'll be done.

While I'm away, the staff has been instructed to follow your every command. Whatever you wish for, say the word and it'll be done. I'm sorry.

I'm sorry. Love,

Love, Appa."

Appa." Love.

Love. Chu Ga-Eul held the note close to her chest, determined to hold onto to the euphoric feeling for as long as she could. The road ahead of her was going to be long and hard but she would endure it. After all, she had her own promises to keep.





Chapter Eight: Give You What You Like





Days passed and turned into weeks. Soon, warm days and cool nights of spring gave way to sticky hot summer.

Being parted from Woo Bin hadn't been so bad at first. Ga Eul commuted to school where the kids kept her busy most of the day. By the time she got back home she was pleasantly exhausted. Some nights she video chatted with her husband or Jan Di but most of the time she would go out for a walk, soak up the beautiful weather and try to learn the lay of the land.

Mostly she was content. There was a roof over her head and food on the table; she had a husband who had not stopped sending her gifts from all of the amazing places he was visiting. Ga Eul knew without a doubt that he was thinking of her often.

It did nothing to ease the loneliness.

The pictures of her husband that showed up in the tabloids made it even harder. Song Woo Bin had gained popularity since he had become the head of the family and the paparazzi loved him. She didn't believe any of the headlines about secret mistresses or midnight rendezvous. Woo Bin was devoted to her, even while he was gone.

And then one day he wasn't.

Chu Ga-Eul stepped out of school on the last day before the summer holiday and found her husband lounging against the car. In her haste to hold him again she'd dropped everything she was holding—papers flew in the wind and she accidentally dumped her purse out onto the pavement. None of it mattered when he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her until her toes curled.

That first night was like their wedding night all over again except this time they didn't get out of bed for almost a full twenty-four hours. Ga Eul wasn't sure they ever would have if not for the arrival of some of Woo Bin's business associates. Once they were on the premises she was relegated to her room while her husband smoothed over one problem or another.

She told herself she didn't mind...and perhaps the first time she didn't. Six weeks later when she was sitting alone in the bedroom watching the first purple-grey light of dawn spread out over the horizon, it was another story.

Ga Eul couldn't decide what was worse: dealing with him being halfway across the world or being in the same house and not even being able to touch him.

Tears burned in her eyes and threatened to choke her.

The soft buzzing of her phone dragged her out of her grief. "Geum Jan-Di?" She called breathlessly into the phone. "What's wrong?"

The agitated voice on the other end of the line was an instant comfort. "What are you talking about? I... oh no !" Jan Di groaned. "I forgot about the time difference!"

oh no Ga Eul almost giggled at the sound of the girl's palm hitting against her forehead. "It's fine, I'm awake."

"Huh," she harrumphed, "Well, make sure you get enough rest. And enough to eat! You need to take care of yourself."

"Jan Di- ya , I'm fine. Better than fine, actually, I'm great ." It wasn't exactly a lie, though she suspected her best friend thought otherwise. "I'm really glad to hear your voice. I miss you." More than that, Ga Eul missed the way things used to be back in the days when they were young and innocent, before Jan Di even went to Shinhwa, before they even knew F4. Things were more complicated now than ever. "Did you have any particular reason for calling?"

ya great There was a long pause on the end of the line. "Well, yes ," she heaved a great sigh. "Gu Jun Pyo and I set a wedding date."

yes Excitement rose up inside of Ga Eul until she felt like she was going to burst. "Yes!" She cried, jumping up from the parapet in front of the window. She must've been quite noisy because Woo Bin came thundering up the stairs and threw the door open.



He smelled heavily of alcohol and his eyes were bloodshot from inhaling the awful cigar smoke from the other men he had to entertain. "What's wrong?"

"It's Jan Di and Jun Pyo are finally getting married," she explained. Although her default was to apologize for inconveniencing anyone—especially her husband—she didn't feel sorry that she had dragged him away from his card game. "Jan Di- ya , when is it?"

ya "The first day of October," she replied. "I called to see if you would be my matron of honor."

"Of course!" Ga Eul replied emphatically. "That's not very far away. Can you plan a wedding in such a short time?" She giggled then. "Well, I mean a wedding fit for the Shinhwa heir."

Jan Di sighed then. "Jun Pyo is really insisting on it this time. I don't know how I can get it all done but if there's one thing I know that'll solve any wedding problem it's the Shinhwa group."

Woo Bin cleared his throat. " Eomma , what if you went and helped?"

Eomma Ga Eul glanced away from him, knowing full well that Jan Di had heard what he'd said. Normally she wouldn't have minded but this felt like an excuse to get her off his hands instead of a kind gesture for a friend.

Jan Di was already a hundred percent on board with it. Although she was still chattering away about plans to come visit, Ga Eul listened to very little. She made short, kind noncommittal promises to get in touch soon. When the call ended, she turned to face her husband. "Song Woo-Bin," she pursed her lips, her tone sharp and her eyes narrowed at him, "What are you doing?"

He had the audacity to feign innocence. "I thought you would enjoy spending some time with your best friend. You've never been to the United States, right? You mentioned once you'd like to see New York City."

"I wanted to see New York City with you ." Woo Bin turned his back and she knew he was annoyed with her. Frankly, she didn't care. "As you well know, it would be rude for me to back out now. You've gotten what you wish for."

you "What's that supposed to mean?"

Ga Eul's nails bit into the palm of her hand as she struggled to maintain composure. "Ever since your father died, you've been distant. The last time we were really together—truly open with one another—was on our wedding night." She swallowed past the lump in her throat. "I understand you don't feel you can share every aspect of the business with me but at least let me help with what I can!" Taking a step forward, she closed the distance between them. "You promised me I would understand in time. Please, Song Woo-Bin, when is that time?"

A heavy sigh was his response. Tugging away from her, he plopped down on the bed. "I don't know, Ga Eul," he admitted. "I don't know if it will ever come."

He was being honest; at least there was that.

"No," Ga Eul replied, with more confidence than she felt, "I don't accept that."

Woo Bin turned to look at her. "You act as if you have any say in the matter."

"I do have a say. I'm your wife ."

wife He scoffed. "What does that mean, Chu Ga-Eul? You live in my house and share my assets; our children won't be bastards. It doesn't entitle you to anything beyond that." When he clenched his teeth, he looked like a beast. "Didn't you promise to obey me?"

Anger and shame built inside of her, sitting like a leaden weight in the pit of her stomach. "I promised to love and cherish you, I promised you in richer or poorer, in sickness and in health. Total blind obedience was never part of it."

"Well, then maybe I picked the wrong girl."

Woo Bin's words cut through her like knives, wounding her so deeply she fought not to double over with grief. Tears stung her eyes and clogged her throat. Part of her wanted to turn and run from him, to put even more distance between them. And then Master Song's words came floating back to her, haunting her: "When I'm gone, my son will need you more than ever. Please, do not let him push you away. He will try, my daughter."

"When I'm gone, my son will need you more than ever. Please, do not let him push you away. He will try, my daughter."

Squaring her shoulders, Chu Ga-Eul met his challenge head on. "Maybe you did." She settled herself beside him on the bed, her hands folded in her lap. "But it's too late to go back now."

He stared hard at her and she swore she could see the wheels turning in his head. There was definitely anger in his expression but there was something deeper there, something that almost felt like respect. They were so close now, the smell of booze and cigars still lingering on his skin; it turned her stomach over. "I'm going to go take a shower."

almost "Fine."

She licked her lips. "I think you should join me."

Song Woo-Bin didn't need to be invited twice. He was up and out of his clothes before she even made it halfway across the room. Chuckling softly, she eased out of her night and wrapped herself around him. They made love under the hot water, bodies and souls entwined as he unleashed himself into the heart of her.

The sunlight was streaming through the windows by the time they finally stepped back into the bedroom.

"Will your guests be upset you abandoned them?" Ga Eul asked breezily as she braided her damp hair.

He shrugged and slipped his dress shirt up over his shoulders. "I don't care." His black leather gloves were sitting on the bedside table, beckoning him to complete his usual mafia outfit. He must've noticed her watching him because he hesitated and then curled his hand into a fist. "Ga Eul—"

"If you're not offering me an apology, you can save your breath." The bravado she'd suddenly found was surprising even to her. "I don't want to hear any more excuses, Song Woo-Bin."

Eyes blown wide with shock, he walked around the bed until he was standing millimeters from her. He stroked her cheek before grasping her chin so she couldn't look away from him. "Who are you and what have you done with my wife?"

Even as he held her gaze, there wasn't any malice behind his touch. "I've had a lot of time to think lately. Mostly I found myself thinking about your father and how much he loved your mother. He mentioned how he'd be happily reunited with her and that's brought me comfort over these last few weeks." Ga Eul spread her palm out over Woo Bin's chest, feeling his heartbeat drumming against her fingertips. "I think if he were still alive and had the opportunity to spend time with your mother, he would jump at the chance."

"You remind me of her." In the morning light, she could see clearly the pain written on his face. "He was never the same after she died." He looked over at his gloves again.

Ga Eul wondered if he wanted to put them on, to keep her separated from him. He didn't make a move to do it, and she took advantage. "I'm not her, Woo Bin." The revelation seemed to startle him, and she offered him a comforting smile. "I want to write our story together—no matter how it ends. We can't live in the past."

not He gripped her face tighter. "No, but we can learn from it. My father shared every little thing with my mother. He opened his life and his heart, and in the end it got her killed. I won't make the same mistakes."

"He respected her enough to let her make the decision for herself." She stepped back from him. "Someday I hope you'll love me enough to let me make the same choice."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Woo Bin hadn't taken a breath in a little over a minute.

Damn this woman and her willingness to do anything for him. Didn't she know that he would ruin her?

He'd reconciled the choice to keep his heart under lock and key and then she came with a goddamned battalion to blow it apart. Just like that, he was left feeling off center and unsure again. The longer he was uncertain, the angrier he got at himself; in turn, that ire bled outward and affected her too.

"I hope someday you'll love me enough to trust me."

trust "I trust you with my whole heart and soul. What I won't tolerate is you making decisions for me," Ga Eul replied, fire burning in her eyes. "I see we're at an impasse once again."

trust When she turned away from him it felt like a knife had been stabbed into his chest. For weeks she'd been constantly on his mind. Italy, France, The Phillipines, Haiti and Maçau had been on his grand tour list. Women of all ages threw themselves at him, women so beautiful they looked like goddesses, women who would follow his every command without a blink. None of them held a candle to Chu Ga-Eul.

Though he was home now, it didn't quite feel real...not until this morning. When he'd held her, kissed her, made love to her—it felt like coming home. Woo Bin wanted nothing more than to keep that feeling going for as long as he could. Still, he couldn't ignore the danger that was lingering right here under his roof.

Not everyone was happy he had taken over the Song Empire. There were many—even amongst his own family—who felt that honor should belong to his grandmother. Woo Bin had found it rather easy to quell a rebellion from outside forces; he was having a much harder time crushing the people he loved.

Ga Eul was in constant danger. He'd been looking for any excuse to get her out of town and now he had one.

The rest of the morning was spent gathering up the luggage. Although they had a very robust maid staff, Ga Eul still insisted on doing most things for herself. She'd finished all the laundry and neatly packed her belongings.

Woo Bin got her a plane ticket direct from Shanghai to New York City. He texted Gu Jun Pyo first before notifying his personal network of bodyguards that his wife would be traveling abroad. He wouldn't allow anyone to lay a finger on her.

anyone Before she left she took the time to come to him, settling herself in his lap as he stared out into the hazy afternoon sunshine. He wrapped himself around her, head resting against her chest. He listened to the rhythmic lub-dub of her heart, breathing in the gentle scent of her, and wishing he had the strength to be the man she thought he was.

lub-dub "I need to get going," she said finally, "If I want to catch my plane on time."

Irrationally, he wanted to beg her to stay—as if he hadn't been the one to come up with this entire idea. Instead, he nodded swiftly and pressed a soft kiss to her lips. "Call me when you get in, alright?"

"Yes, I will." She lingered, as if waiting for him to beg her not to go.

But he didn't.

He didn't say that he would miss her, even though he would.

He didn't say he loved her, even though he did.

Song Woo-Bin let the silence reign and silently prayed he hadn't driven her away for good this time.





Chapter Nine: American Money





There was no relief in Ga Eul being thousands of miles away. The trip was supposed to keep her safe but it hadn't.

She never mentioned the pickpocket who tried to run off with her bag at JFK airport; she said she'd had an exciting trip so far. She also didn't tell him about the frightening encounter she had with one of his enemies during a shopping excursion; instead she'd commented on expensive everything was and how she'd avoided running up charges on the credit card. Only his underground network of spies and Geum Jan-Di kept him up to date on what was really going on.

Whenever Ga Eul called, her report was nothing but positive.

Song Woo-Bin was furious .

furious He wanted to confront her but every time he heard her sweet voice on the other end of the line, he'd completely forget. He promised himself the next time he saw her, he would punish her for it.

Weeks passed and his agitation only grew with every report he received. How dare she make him sick with worry?

dare Somehow Ji Hoo had been left to plan the bachelor party to end all bachelor parties. He had reached out and asked F4 to come to New York City so they could surprise Gu Jun Pyo and whisk him off on an adventure. It was exactly the excuse Woo Bin needed to cross the ocean.

He wouldn't admit it to anyone but he knew he was being a coward. Being in love his own wife brought him shame; for another man—a better man—it would be a blessing. For Woo Bin, it was a reminder that she was not deserving of her. She was a radiant beauty and he was a beast. In this fairytale, though, he didn't imagine they'd find a happy ending. She'd have to be satisfied with a shotgun wedding on the day of his father's funeral and whatever fleeting moments of joy she could wring out of her life with him.

He hated himself for doing this to her.

"You have a severe look about you," Ji Hoo offered, his expression blank as usual.

Almost everyone on the flight was asleep. It had been a rough liftoff out of Seoul and the airline had compensated by handing out free drink vouchers—not that Woo Bin needed them. He had a scotch in each hand before they were even out of the gate. "I'm just thinking."

"About what?"

"I don't know."

Ji Hoo clearly didn't believe a word of it. He stared hard at Woo Bin for a moment before things seemed to click into place. "Ah, Chu Ga-Eul."

What kind of sorcery did the quietest member of F4 possess?

Woo Bin scoffed in response. "It doesn't matter."

"I think it matters a great deal," the other man replied. "If you don't want to talk about it, I can't make you. However, I am here to listen—impartially—if you want to."

If any of F4 could ever be truly impartial it would definitely be Ji Hoo. Jun Pyo was a hothead with strong opinions; Yi Jung was influenced by his feelings, especially when it came to Ga Eul.

definitely Woo Bin mulled it over for a moment before deciding he had nothing more to lose. "I made a mistake. I shouldn't have dragged her into my life."

Ji Hoo had a puzzled look on his face. "I didn't see her being dragged anywhere." He tapped his chin thoughtfully. "And I could've sworn she said her vows freely. Ga Eul is quite the actress!"

Woo Bin growled low in his throat. "It's a figure of speech, Yoon Ji-Hoo! For god's sake, you can't be so naïve." When he looked over at his friend, he realized the man had been teasing the whole time and scoffed in annoyance. "You wouldn't understand."



"Then make me understand."

If it were anyone but Ji Hoo, Song Woo-Bin would've thought they were being insolent but this was his baby-faced friend, the boy who needed a helping hand and guidance more than others. "For years now—finishing at Shinhwa and joining my father's business—I have been so focused on myself. There was no one else I cared about or regarded as my equal. I became numb." He dragged a hand across his jaw and the leather of his gloves irritated him. He thought about how much his wife hated when he wore them around her and clenched his fist in response. "Then she came walking back into my life and I felt something. I let it blind me and I acted rashly. And now..."

felt "Now you want to go back to feeling nothing, but you can't." Ji Hoo inclined his head. "Marrying her was a good idea."

Annoyance thrummed in the back of Woo Bin's neck, giving him an awful headache. He gnashed his teeth but he couldn't come up with a place Ji Hoo was actually wrong. His defenses had been down and he liked the person he with Ga Eul. "No, it's selfish."

"I think the old Song Woo-Bin was selfish. The man I am sitting with now is genuine and thoughtful. I couldn't have said that before but now I think you're selling yourself short. You have many fine qualities. Your wife certainly seems to think so."

old Even despite Woo Bin's agitation, Ji Hoo was calm. He didn't seem to care about the Song name or family legacy nor its reputation for unprovoked violence. In this case, he had been provoked and Ji Hoo still didn't care.

had been It made Woo Bin smile.

"Have you been talking to my wife?" he asked, curious.

"I speak to Geum Jan-Di almost every day. Sometimes when we video chat I catch a glimpse of Ga Eul. She's been a big help. To hear Jan Di tell it, she planned the whole wedding by herself." Ji Hoo chuckled. "There is very little vendors won't do when Mistress Song comes to call. It's not because they fear retaliation but because she is such a sweetheart, they bend over backwards to accommodate her."

Pride mixed with crushing guilt; of course she was incredible at planning, she had probably been dreaming about her big wedding since she was a little girl. Instead of giving her the opportunity, he'd ruined her chance. He wondered why she didn't hate him.

"Jun Pyo's gotten close with her as well," Ji Hoo offered. "Apparently Geum Jan-Di makes him eat alone when she's angry with him," he chuckled then, "Which I'm certain is quite often. You know how he hates to eat alone. Ga Eul has become something of his companion. She's helped him to understand Jan Di a bit more. I think a woman's perspective is helpful in that regard."

That surprised Woo Bin greatly. "You mean to tell me Jun Pyo actually listens to her?"

That "He seeks her counsel often I'm told. Jan Di is even suspicious that Ga Eul has switched sides," Ji Hoo laughed. "It was a brilliant suggestion on your part to have her come to New York. Once she's done with those stubborn lovers, they may make a suitable couple after all."

Song Woo-Bin had considered Ji Hoo to have some kind of mystical powers but perhaps Ga-Eul had them as well. He slumped back in his seat, staring out into the inky blackness of the sky until the faint ding-ding of the PA system drew his attention .

ding-ding . "Passengers, this is your captain speaking. We're beginning our descent into New York John F. Kennedy Airport. At this time please turn off electronic devices, stow your tray tables, and make sure your seat is in upright and locked position. We'll be landing shortly. Thank you." Flight attendants came around, collecting garbage and waking up passengers who were improperly seated so they could be safe.

"Passengers, this is your captain speaking. We're beginning our descent into New York John F. Kennedy Airport. At this time please turn off electronic devices, stow your tray tables, and make sure your seat is in upright and locked position. We'll be landing shortly. Thank you." Woo Bin yawned and glanced at his watch. It would be just after five in the morning when they landed. It was strange how exhausted he was just from sitting all this time. He stared at the city lights as they got closer and closer. When the wheels finally touched down, he should have breathed a sigh of relief.

At this early morning time it was almost deserted in the airport. None of the kiosks or vendors were open just yet—not even the Dunkin' Donuts. Woo Bin was delirious with his exhaustion; he swore he heard his name being called. Gazing up, he saw a figure running toward him.

Before he could reasonably react, a warm body connected with his. He knew from the very scent of her that it was Ga Eul. Dropping everything he was holding, he crushed her to his chest.

"Song Woo-Bin," she sniffled, pressing an eager kiss to his lips. "I've missed you so much."

It felt like she'd slipped her hand inside of his chest and squeezed his heart. "How are you even more beautiful than the last time I saw you?" He murmured into her ear.

She giggled, cheeks flushing red. "Stop it, I look like a mess. As soon as I found out you were coming, I had to come meet you at the airport. I barely had time to put on suitable clothes and I realized a few minutes ago I have two different shoes on." Still, she was smiling broadly at him. "Woo Bin, why didn't you tell me you were coming?"

"I wanted to surprise you," he murmured and brushed away a tear that slid down her neck.

It was true what she'd said. She had on a pair of jeans and a fluffy pink sweater that enveloped her; the static from it had caused her hair to stick up in a couple of places. There was not a stitch of makeup on her face and her eyes were red. She did indeed have one brown shoe and one black shoe on...and yet, she was the most gorgeous thing he'd ever seen in his entire life.

Ga Eul squeezed him once more before she turned to Ji Hoo. "I'm glad to see you as well, thank you for dragging my husband with you. I hope you had a good flight?"

When she embraced Ji Hoo, a look that flickered over his face. "Yes, it was fine." He cleared his throat. "We should head down to the terminal and get our luggage."

She nodded eagerly. "I'll go get the car to come around. I'll be right back, okay?"

"Sounds perfect, Eomma ." Woo Bin leaned down and kissed her one more time. Watching her walk away caused him terrible pain; he wasn't sure how he'd done it the first time. When he glances back at Ji Hoo he was started by his odd expression. "What? What's happened?"

Eomma "Song Woo-Bin," Ji Hoo admonished, folding his arms across his chest, "Shame on you."

"What are you talking about?" He huffed. "I didn't do anything!"

The musical prodigy stomped toward baggage claim. "I thought we were better friends than this!"

"I have no idea what you're talking about!"

Ji Hoo stopped, frowning markedly in the low fluorescent light of the airport. "I know the group has been fractured for some time but honestly, Woo Bin. Why didn't you tell us Ga Eul is pregnant?"

Time stopped. All of the noise in the airport died away. He felt nothing, saw nothing, until Chu Ga-Eul was back at his side. He scrutinized her figure, which was nearly impossible beneath that monstrous sweater. She was glowing, yes, but that wasn't any different than normal; she had always been that way to him. It seemed impossible and yet Ji Hoo said it was so, Woo Bin had every reason to believe him.

So, if it was true: why the hell hadn't she told him?





Chapter Ten: Clear To You





"Is this a bachelor party or an intervention?" Woo Bin demanded.

There was certainly enough alcohol for it to have been considered a party but ever since F4 came face to face, the tension had been building. The hotel Ji Hoo had booked was part of Shinhwa Group's most luxurious resorts. Even judging by their standards, he was still shocked at how lavish it was. It should have been a great time to be in the Sky Suite—a giant penthouse with a domed ceiling so they could stare out at the stars at night and marvel at the sunshine by day. Normally the hotel wouldn't have accommodated the request on such short notice but no one said no to F4—particularly when they threw Gu Jun Pyo's name around.

"I didn't travel halfway around the world to get the third degree from Casanova, a man who's been dragging out his engagement for years, and Yoon Ji-Hoo—who's arguably the most awkward man alive!" Woo Bin clenched his fist.

Gu Jun Pyo made a disgusted noise. "How dare you! I'd have married Geum Jan-Di when she was still at Shinhwa High if it were up to me! She's the one dragging it out." He mimicked Woo Bin's tight posture. "That's not the point."

She's "You're deflecting again," Ji-Hoo replied in a monotone voice. "I gave you the opportunity to do this privately but you brushed me off. I had no choice but to call in reinforcements."

Yi Jung had been suspiciously silent since the topic of Ga Eul had come up.

It had actually been Jun Pyo who broached the subject and once it was on the table, there was nothing Woo Bin could do. They'd opened Pandora's box and there was no shutting it down. Woo Bin he had no choice...and so, he poured himself a heavy handed tumbler of scotch and walked to the window. He was terrified of heights, his stomach turning and twisting with concern—but it was infinitely preferable to standing up in front of his friends and trying to explain the feelings twisted up inside of him.

"This is between my wife and I alone ."

alone "Perfect. Why don't you go talk to her then?" Jun Pyo snarled. "I ignored her sadness and wrote it off as uneasiness at first. Jan Di has informed me before that commoners don't adjust easily to the kind of lifestyle I live. But then I started to get to know her better. She's a remarkable woman, Song Woo Bin. I understand now why you were in a hurry to marry her, though I will not make any apologies for my beliefs that you rushed into this. You rushed her into it."

her Ji Hoo folded his hands behind him. "The past is in the past. I am far more concerned with the present." He leveled a piercing stare at Woo Bin. "Did you even call Ga Eul this afternoon?"

Woo Bin took a long drink. "No." He had been waiting for any of them to say something that was false...but that had not yet happened and his irritation was close to turning into rage. "My marriage—"

"Is crumbling."

Three sets of eyes swiveled to stare at Yi Jung. He wasn't half slumped over in the big leather easy chair any more but had somehow transported to a spot directly beside Woo Bin. He didn't make any apology for interrupting. "I saw her today. She came by the hotel this afternoon in a pretty dress and heels and makeup. I had to tell her you were out on business. She faked a smile and made polite conversation but I saw her crying on the street from this very spot." His jaw ticked menacingly. "I can overlook many things but I have never been able to put aside a woman's tears. Especially not when that woman is someone I care so deeply about."

saw Woo Bin's fist slammed against the glass, his knuckles becoming hot and bloody. The pain radiated up his arm, through his shoulder, and stabbed him through the heart. "Fine! I'm a horrible husband and I'll be a worse father! Is that what you want to hear?" Turning to look at the haunted faces of his friends, he felt his resolve beginning to weaken. "What should I do then? The damage is already done!"



"You haven't been married long enough for anything to be irrevocably broken. You can fix this, Woo Bin." Ji Hoo pressed.

"Maybe I don't want to fix it."

It sounded like a lie even to his own ears.

Blood ran in rivulets between his knuckles and began to drip onto the floor. He grabbed a towel off the bar, hastily tying off the wound so it wouldn't make a mess. Collapsing on the couch, he buried his face against his toweled palm and sighed. "This isn't easy for me." When he found the courage to look up again, his vision was blurred with the weight of his emotion. "I never got involved with anyone for this very reason. Hell, if I hadn't made friends with you three in kindergarten, I don't think I would have let anyone in." Woo Bin dragged in a shaky breath in a vain attempt to soothe his ragged nerves. When that didn't work, he swallowed down the rest of his booze and poured himself some more.

anyone When he leaned back and stared up into the sky it was so dark it felt as if he were staring into a black hole; it perfectly mirrored his soul. "I was naïve. I thought my father would be around for years, that I would be sheltered by his power and I could do the same for my wife."

Ji Hoo inclined his head. "Did you not say that your father had planned to hand over the empire once you were married and your wife gave you a child?" He had a knowing look on his face. "You were eager for it, Woo Bin. You set your mind to it. It wouldn't have been long."

Shame welled up in his chest again and he averted his eyes. "I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't know what it would cost..."

"Why does Ga Eul have to pay that price?" Jun Pyo demanded. He had still not moved from his position nor had he stepped down off his soapbox. He considered himself Chu Ga Eul's champion now and he wouldn't back down.

"I'm trying to ensure that she doesn't ." The second drink hadn't helped, so he poured a third and hoped that this would be the one that took the edge off. "Since my father died there's a power vacuum. I'm the heir, yes, but there are many out there who feel they're more experienced and better suited to lead the family. I put one issue to bed and two more spring up. Just before I got on the plane from Seoul I finished beating a diplomat from Oman half to death just so he would understand his place. Once they get the beat down then we iron out the terms of our contracts. I didn't have time to do that..." Woo Bin scrubbed his non-injured face across his chin. "I don't want Ga Eul to know what I do. What I am ." The pressure in his chest hadn't eased.

doesn't am Yi Jung's expression softened slightly. "Do you really think you're going to go through your whole life not ever showing her your true colors?" He frowned. "Or do you plan to keep her at arm's length, sending her all over the world, and only coming to her if you want her to bear your child? That's not a wife, Woo Bin, that's a concubine."

The analogy burned in his throat. "No. I...I want her to be part of my life. She's already part of me. It still doesn't change the fact."

already "The fact is that you love her."

fact "I do," Woo Bin sighed. "God help me, I do." He couldn't bear wish that he didn't love her, but hoped it wouldn't be so all encompassing. When he was parted from his wife, he felt just as lonely and adrift. He numbed the pain with alcohol and cards and business deals but she was never far from his mind. And now she might be pregnant...

He could hardly breathe.

Ga Eul awakened something primal in him. He wanted to have children with her, to build their family from the ground up the same way he was doing with the business. Ji Hoo had told him his wife was carrying his child and it wasn't that didn't believe the man—he was a doctor and had a weird sixth sense about things. He wasn't entirely sure Ga Eul even knew yet. She'd be a few weeks along, at most, and after extensive thought on it this afternoon—she'd never have kept it from him.

wanted Ga Eul never

Then again...

Hadn't she kept the news of the pickpocket to herself? Hadn't she brushed off the encounter with one of his enemies? What if she was withholding the news of her pregnancy to protect him somehow? He wouldn't put it past her; she was astute like that.

The only way he was going to know was by actually talking to her and in order to do that, he'd have to stop avoiding her.

"I don't think you're a bad husband," Jun Pyo said, breaking the awkward silence that hung between them. "You're just bad at sharing your feelings. Women make you do that," he lamented, "Jan Di doesn't let me hold anything back. It's awful. But it's also kind of freeing."

Woo Bin glanced up at him. How did the rebellious, childish Shinwha heir suddenly become so wise? Was that all Ga Eul too? Ji Hoo had said she'd been working with him. All signs pointed to the fact that he needed to talk to his wife, to work this all out, and yet he was still terrified. "I wouldn't survive if something were to happen to her and neither would Seoul. I will burn the city to the ground if anyone so much as touches her."

ground Yi Jung brightened. "Use that strength and courage to be honest with Ga Eul. You know where she was living, where she works. Her father used to do some lackey work for your dad. I'd bet she knows more than you think."

It was a concept Woo Bin hadn't fully considered before. He did not believe for one second that she knew the breadth of his power but maybe it was enough of a foundation. "If I tell her everything, if I let her be part of this...there's no going back."

Ji Hoo blinked several times. "You've married her. You're already beyond the point of no return. And now with the baby—"

"Wait, Ga Eul's pregnant?" Jun Pyo crossed the gap between them and dragged Woo Bin up by his shirt. "How dare you do this to her! I'll kill you myself!"

Woo Bin bucked him easily. Jun Pyo was taller but Woo Bin was the better fighter by far—no matter what Jun Pyo seemed to think about it. "Ji Hoo thinks she is. She hasn't said anything to me and I'm not convinced of it just yet but there's a strong possibility." He scratched at the back of his neck nervously. "We've talked about it. It's something we both want eventually. And we haven't exactly been careful." Why did he feel so guilty? Ga Eul was his wife. This was the natural order of things...

Well.

Total honesty was usually the beginning of something like that. Instead, Woo Bin had built their hasty marriage on a bed of half-truths and vague promises. It stopped today. It wasn't at all what he'd been expecting from the bachelor party but it was something so desperately needed.

Glancing up at the clock, he frowned. "I'm sure it's too late to go to her..."

"Nonsense," Jun Pyo huffed. "Ha Jae-kyung brought them to a strip club. Jan Di been texting me about it for hours. Poor Ga Eul fled to the bathroom and won't come out. She's afraid you'll think she's cheating on you."

Woo Bin leapt to his feet. "Why the hell didn't you say something earlier?" He demanded. "We have to go rescue her!" It seemed just the incentive F4 needed to do something meaningful.

Yi Jung grabbed his keys. "I'll drive." He glanced between them. "I'm the only one who hasn't been drinking tonight."

Glancing around at the bottles and glasses that had been used, Woo Bin was surprised to realize that was true. Yi Jung was usually the first to open a drink and usually also the first to blackout. Finding him stone cold sober at what was supposed to be a bachelor party felt out of character, but it was a welcome change. He clapped Yi Jung on the shoulder as he stumbled toward the elevator; there was a sense of relief in knowing his friend was doing better than ever.



It appeared the bridal party had private reservations at the Manhattan Male Review—which was located just outside NYC's Koreatown. The club was innocuous enough, not the worst by far. It seemed clean and well maintained. Woo Bin of all people was aware of how well these type of clubs did, especially in the city. Although the doors were guarded—by some of his own security, no less!—an appearance from the Song heir gained them entry without a blink.

Unsurprisingly Jun Pyo led the charge, putting himself between Jan Di and a dancer she was chatting with. Woo Bin didn't want to know how that conversation was going to go. He focused instead on finding his wife. He'd been told that she was holed up in the bathroom and so he went barreling into the women's lavatory.

He noticed her shoes immediately and knocked on the door of the stall. "Ga Eul?"

The door rattled on its hinges with the accelerated speed that she threw the door open. "Thank God you're here," she breathed.

When she threw herself into his arms, he had to take a step back to maintain his balance. Crushing her against him, his eyes fluttered closed instinctively. "Sorry I'm late."

It felt odd to be engaged in such a tender moment while standing in the middle of the women's bathroom. Gingerly, he grasped her hand. "Let's get out of here?"

"Please."

Woo Bin kept his arms wrapped around her shoulders so she wouldn't be distracted by the spectacle Jun Pyo was making. Ji Hoo and Yi Jung had created a barricade around Ha Jae-kyung to protect her from Jun Pyo...and vice versa. They were far more alike than either would ever admit. Thankfully they had never gotten married, as they would have certainly murdered each other by now. Jan Di was not part of the blockade but she was certainly not standing idly by.

Once they were out on the street, Ga Eul took the lead. They were only a couple of blocks from Koreatown and there were several restaurants and shops open 24/7. She pulled him into a café where the shopkeeper greeted her warmly. "Mistress Song," the elderly man bowed low, "It's an honor. Would you care for some tea?"

"Yes, thank you," she replied, offering him the warmest of smiles. "Rhee Moon-Soo, this is my husband."

As expected, the man tripped over himself to make them comfortable. Song Woo Bin shook his hand, thanked him for looking after his wife, and tipped him generously when they were shown to a private area in the back where they would not be overheard. With some hot tea in her system, some of the color had returned to Ga Eul's cheeks. She seemed at ease now; Woo Bin wished he felt the same.

Ga Eul sat stiffly in her chair, leg bouncing nervously. "Song Woo Bin, I'm so sorry. If I had any idea what Jae Kyung was planning, I never would have gone through with it!"

"Don't be absurd," he replied, harsher than he intended. He watched her flinch and his stomach dropped. In turn he grasped her hand and held tight. "You have nothing to apologize for. And if you had wished to enjoy the show, I wouldn't have been angry with you."

"Why not?" She asked, the innocence radiating from her eyes.

Woo Bin chuckled. "I'd have been jealous, of course, but I know that you would do nothing to sully our family name. You're my wife, I have faith in you." The hug she rewarded him with was by far the best outcome he could've hoped to achieve. He wrapped himself around her, pulling her to sit on his lap. He could hold her properly like this and feel the warmth of her all the way down into his filthy soul. He stoked her hair. "I'm sorry I wasn't at the hotel when you came by this afternoon."

She shrugged it off in her usual way—with a wry little smile that held her pain behind a wall. He reached up and cupped her cheek to brush it away. "Ga Eul, you're entitled to be upset."



"I'm not—"

"Don't start lying to me now," he warned. "Yi Jung saw you crying."

She stood abruptly from his lap and moved away from him. A few sips of tea seemed to calm her and when she turned again, he could feel the grief radiating off her in waves. "Yes, I've missed you. I've made no secret of that. I don't like being separated, not knowing if you're in danger or if you're eating properly. I promised your father I'd look after you. How can I keep that promise from thousands of miles away?"

"Is that the only reason?"

Ga Eul stared him down hard. "Of course not. I miss my students and my work. I miss our home. I was just starting to feel comfortable there and getting to know the routine of running the house." She licked her lips and gazed down. "But even if we never returned to Seoul. Even if we were in a new city every day and every night, if I were by your side I would always be home."

Her words filled him with an intense sense of power. His father often said that it was family—the bonds of blood—that made him who he was; he'd touted it over all else, and always put his family before all others. At least, he had after his wife had died. Woo Bin wasn't going to make the same mistake but perhaps he'd been going about it the wrong way...

He nodded. "After the wedding, we'll go home. Both of us. I promise you that." She didn't react exactly how he'd expect; she still seemed unsure, uneasy. "What's wrong, Chu Ga-Eul?"

"It's one thing to be at home, it's another to be together . I can't bear the walls of separation between us, Woo Bin."

together She stood in front of him, heart wide open. This was his opportunity to show her what he was capable of. Unfortunately, that was mostly violence and destruction. "I'll try," he whispered, not able to make his words come out full force. "I still want to protect you."

When she smiled then, it reached her eyes. She was truly happy, which was a surprise in itself. "That's all I'm asking. Include me in your life. I'll try not to disappoint."

"Is that what you think? That I've pushed you away because you've disappointed me?" Damn it, he felt even worse now. He held out his hand to her and she returned to him instantly—as she had done a dozen times before. "I've told you before, I'm not a good man but I can't live with myself if that's what you truly think. You're the best part of me, winning your heart is the best thing I've ever done."

Ga Eul bent, kissing him sweetly. "We're both still learning. One lesson you will need to conquer is the one where you stop painting yourself as the villain in our story. You're my husband and I'm your wife. We're the heroes. Whoever needs to get their face beaten in, or their fields salted and burned, are just standing in the way of our happiness."

Song Woo Bin was glad he was seated, since he was sure he'd have tumbled over at her words. "I don't do much burning and salting of fields these days," he snorted at the image that was called to mind, "But beatings, torture, mayhem and...murder. Yes."

When she didn't draw away from him, Woo Bin kissed her again—more passionately this time. Ga Eul hugged him tighter and they remained there, wrapped up in each other's arms for what felt like an eternity. It wasn't until he caught her stifling a yawn that he realized how late it was. She had been up to greet him at the airport and he doubted she had rested enough.

"Do you want to come to the hotel or back to Jun Pyo's? Wherever you choose to go, I'll be coming too." That clearly pleased her. She grasped his hand, tugging him up from the chair.

"For tonight let's go to the hotel since all your things are there. Tomorrow we can find a place for ourselves and maybe we can explore the city?" She chewed her lip. "Jan Di and Jun Pyo offered to take me but I wanted to wait for you."

He draped his arm around her waist as they left the café. It felt as if a great weight had lifted off him. Yes, it was just talk—and talk was cheap—but he meant it as a promise. And he'd overheard his father beg Ga Eul to hold Woo Bin to his promises. She'd sworn it; a deathbed vow that she'd never break—far more powerful than even the one she'd made at their wedding. She wouldn't let him down.

Woo Bin offered to call a cab but she was perfectly content to walk. It was a warm night, but the air wasn't thick with humidity. Even for such a large city, it was so quiet he swore he could hear her heartbeat.

They were a few paces from the hotel when he suddenly stopped. "Ji Hoo told me something interesting." Now he was certain it was his heartbeat that was pounding through the darkness.

Ga Eul gazed at him. "Oh?"

"He said you were pregnant."

Her lips tipped upward into a smile. "Ah."

"Is that all you have to say?" Woo Bin could hardly breathe. "Is it true?"

There was a part of him that wondered if she was intentionally trying to kill him. Her palm settled over her belly and she gazed back at him. "I'd suspected. I'm late...but they say that can be caused by stress. I haven't been ill in the least. If anything, my appetite has increased." She chewed her bottom lip. "Frankly, I was afraid to hope."

"Why?"

Ga Eul cast her eyes down. "It's all happening so fast. We were barely dating and then we were engaged, married, and now I'm pregnant...and you were being so distant. I'd feared I'd be raising your child on my own. So, I didn't want to admit it might be true."

Woo Bin's stomach churned with anger at himself. She thought he'd abandoned her...actually, hadn't that been exactly what he'd done? He wanted to put his hand through a window again. He glanced at his scabbed knuckles and gritted his teeth. " Never , Chu Ga-Eul. I will stand by your side no matter what." He tipped her chin up so she could see in his eyes. "Tomorrow when we're exploring the city, I'll find us a doctor who can confirm. There's no need to worry or to wonder anymore. I'm here now. We'll find out together."

abandoned Never Although she smiled and eagerly nodded, he knew there was still hesitation there. It was all just words again. He'd have to show her. He'd have to be better going forward.

show better "I'm exhausted. Let's go to bed."

"Yes, and —"

and "No," he chuckled. "There will be plenty time for making love later. We have the rest of our lives, don't we?" Her lack of argument was proof enough. She changed into one of his shirts and crawled into bed beside him without complaint. Before he could even properly kiss her goodnight he found she had fallen dead asleep. He settled for brushing his lips across her forehead and pushing her dark hair away from her temples. Even his touch didn't wake her.

Woo Bin rolled to face her, slowly drifting off to sleep at the sight of her looking so warm and peaceful. This was how it was meant to be. He'd been fighting destiny, fighting against a future he couldn't predict. It wouldn't be easy but he had to try, for all their sakes.





Chapter Eleven: She's Your Baby





Woo Bin had been a good sport in taking her all the places she wanted to go: the Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, round and round Central Park, and up to the tippy top of the Empire State building. When she was certain they would both drop from exertion, he'd pause and beg for a minute to catch his breath—when they both knew it was for her sake.

The heat outside was intense today despite the hazy clouds overhead. Ga Eul was suspicious that someone had put an electric blanket over the whole city and turned it onto the highest setting. Fanning herself with brochures they'd picked up from their destinations today, she settled against Woo Bin in the cab.

"I'm a hot sweaty mess. Shouldn't we go back and wash up before the appointment?" She gazed at him out of the corner of her eye. He offered her a curt shake of his head and she sighed. "Alright."

"If I didn't know better, I might think you don't want to find out." Woo Bin was treading lightly and with good reason. He hadn't been very supportive thus far and although he had promised to make up for it, there was still a part of Ga Eul that worried.

What if confirming her pregnancy meant that he'd feel free to go again?

After all, his part in it would be finished and she wouldn't really need him until they got closer to the birth. Wanting him all to herself was entirely selfish, but her heart wouldn't listen to reason.

Glancing away from him, she shook her head. "No, I do. I'll at least find out if I've been avoiding alcohol and seafood for a good reason."

Woo Bin stared at her, eyes wide with shock. "Really?"

"Of course, pregnant women can't have—"

"I meant you took such care, not even knowing if you were or not." He was pleased as punch and even if Ga Eul wanted to be annoyed at him about it, she couldn't bring herself to feel it. "You're more than I deserve."

She scoffed, sitting upright in the cab and facing him head on. "Don't say that."

The way he was looking at her was infuriating. "I'm the one who got lucky, Chu Ga-Eul. If you hadn't taken pity on me, I never would have had the chance to win your heart."

She elbowed him, mostly in jest, though she still thought he was displaying poor taste. "Don't make fun of me."

" Eomma , I would never ," Woo Bin sobered. "Did you know my father approved of you the very day he met you?" He stroked her cheek gently. "You'd barely said a word to him and when you went to get dressed he told me you'd be a suitable wife. He knew right away what I'd been too blind to see for all the years we've known each other."

Eomma never Ga Eul wasn't sure if it was the heat or her embarrassment that was flushing her cheeks. "We were hardly close, Woo Bin. Frankly, I'm surprised you even remembered my name. I don't think we ever had a proper conversation before that night."

"I was closer than you think," he replied. "I am not an easy man to get along with. And yet, when you came to F4 I accepted you immediately. I always saw you as one of my own." She must have had a look of disbelief on her face, because he was frowning again. "What? You think I would lie?"

She chewed her bottom lip. "It does seem a little unbelievable."

does Woo Bin scoffed. "Do you remember the school vacation when Jun Pyo diverted the trip to be close to Geum Jan Di?"

"I vaguely remember almost getting run over by a massive cruise ship, yes," Ga Eul bit back a giggle. "I wasn't even on your radar then, I'm sure. They didn't invite me to any of the parties or anything. I sat at my aunt and uncle's house and did a poor job at hiding my jealousy." She shook her head. "I was such a silly little girl back then."



"You're a silly little girl right now if you say you don't believe me! I saw you there, fishing pole in your hand, shocked by the spectacle Jun Pyo was making." He licked his lips. "I did background on you both, you know. I wanted to make sure the two of you weren't gold diggers."

Ga Eul pretended to put on airs and stuck her nose up at him. "Oh? And are you so sure I'm not?"

"Well if you are, you've certainly gone for the gold." He smirked, patting her belly gingerly as the cab eased its way over to the curb. "What do you say we go find out if you've won the booby prize?"

"Don't be crass," she warned him, but couldn't keep herself from giggling the entire way into the doctor's office. It was tucked along the side of an building that would have easily been overlooked. The office itself was smack dab in the middle of an architect, a lawyer, and a construction company. As they stepped onto the escalator, she paused when she saw a picture of him and his father framed over the arch of the door. "Woo Bin, is this part of the family business?"

"Of course, Eomma," he replied, lacing his fingers through hers as they walked. "Do you think I would entrust your care to just anyone?"

She blinked at him. "No, but...I didn't think you'd have medical people working for you. That's rather odd."

"What's odd about it?" Woo Bin paused. "Things get rough in our line of work. People get beaten down, busted up—sometimes they're even stabbed or shot. You can't just go to the hospital these days. They ask too many questions." He punched in a passcode and the door swung open.

Aside from the several battered thugs in the waiting area, the place looked and smelled like a normal doctor's office. Despite their injuries—which thankfully did not appear life threatening—all sat up straight when Song Woo Bin stepped into the room. He took extra time to greet them and to introduce his wife, which seemed to lift their spirits.

The girl she'd first met at dinner at the Song house sat behind the reception desk. Ga Eul searched for her name, hoping it would come to her.

"Kim Janghwa, please tell the doctor my wife and I are here for our appointment." He lifted a finger up at her. "And if you breathe a word about this to anyone, your father will not be able to protect you."

"Prince Song, do you have such little faith in me?" Janghwa pouted. "I'm good at keeping secrets." She stood up and her attitude completely changed when she addressed Ga Eul. "Hi, unnie , you look so pretty today. The doctor is just finishing up with another patient. Can I get you anything? You look like you could use some water." Without being asked, she handed over a water bottle. "It's better if your bladder is full for the ultrasound."

unnie Woo Bin looked like he was going to reach across the desk and strangle her. Ga Eul grasped his arm. "Thank you, that's very kind." She took the bottle and pulled her husband over to a chair. "Why are you being such a tyrant?"

"She's nosy and a busybody!" He scoffed. "How dare she assume you're pregnant?"

and Ga Eul had to laugh. "Song Woo Bin, why else would you bring your new wife to a place like this in the middle of the afternoon in a foreign city, no less?" She unscrewed the cap and took a long drink of the cool water.

He remained silent for a moment before crossing his arms over his chest. "Must you always point out the flaws in my logic?"

"I'm your wife, Song Woo Bin. If not I, then who?" Leaning in, she kissed him ardently.

"Hmph," he muttered, " Now who's being crass?"

Now Joking with Woo Bin like this put Ga Eul in such a good mood. She was grinning like a fool, happy to wait for the doctor to finish up what she was doing. It wasn't too long before the doctor came to greet them.



"Mistress Song, it's good to meet you," the woman spoke in heavily accented, broken Korean. "I'm Dr. Smith."

Ga Eul glanced over at Song Woo Bin, who switched into English as easily as if he were speaking his native tongue. The doctor seemed infinitely more comfortable—even if Mistress Song, the patient, was not. She had no idea what they were gabbing about, but sat quietly while the doctor checked her blood pressure, listened to her heart and lungs, and then motioned for her to get on the scale.

She inched toward it before casting a piercing glare at her husband. "Turn your back!" Woo Bin rolled his eyes but he did as he was asked. He didn't even try to peek, which earned him several points in her book.

Dr. Smith offered a satisfied look. She started speaking rapidly again and Ga Eul looked to Woo Bin for assistance with translation. He beamed. "She wants to do an ultrasound."

"Really? So soon? Shouldn't we do a blood test or something first?"

"I asked the same thing but she said that would take some time for those results come back. The easiest way to find out right now is to do an ultrasound." He shrugged. "It makes sense to me."

It did to her too, though she hadn't been anticipating it so early on in the appointment. This was all new to her and she would have been deathly afraid if not for Woo Bin. He folded her clothes while she changed into a thin yellow gown and fluffed her pillow while Dr. Smith readied the equipment.

Despite the language barrier between them, there was no mistaking the results. Ga Eul hadn't even been looking at the monitor but at suddenly teary expression on Song Woo Bin's face as he squeezed her hand so tightly she was afraid it might break. When she turned her attention back to the screen, her heart caught in her throat.

It wasn't much to look at—just a grainy whitish blob on the screen—but right in the center was the tiniest flickering little heartbeat.

Emotion unlike anything she'd ever known clogged her throat. It helped nothing that Woo Bin was dabbing at his cheeks too. She grabbed his handkerchief and used it to pull him toward her.

"I love you, Appa ."

Appa "I love you too, Eomma ."

Eomma It should've startled her that he responded to effortlessly, so easily, with his affirmation of love. He'd never said it to her before, but looking into his eyes, into his heart—she knew it was true.

Dr. Smith gave them some more information, which was thankfully written in Korean, and some recommendations for prenatal vitamins. Ga Eul dragged him right out of the doctor's office and marched straight down the street to the pharmacy where she picked up several bottles. Woo Bin was all too happy to pay for them and when she insisted on carrying the bag, he insisted on carrying her.

"Woo Bin, put me down!" Ga Eul protested, though she didn't wiggle too much in case he was in danger of dropping her. "I'm too heavy."

"Not today you aren't, but give it a few months..."

"Hey!" She huffed. "Don't remind me."

He slowed down, gingerly setting her down on a bench before he turned to face her. "What's that supposed to mean?"

She wrapped her arms around her waist—which showed no sign of the sweet burden she bore. "It won't be long before I'm big as a house and you won't want anything to do with me."

Song Woo Bin shot her a devilish grin. "You couldn't be more wrong, Eomma . If anything, it'll make me want you more."

Eomma " More !" Her cheeks flushed to scarlet. "You're a cad."

More

He leaned down, kissing her hungrily. "What can I say? I'm a man of varied tastes."

If she had not already fallen head over heels in love with him, she surely would've in this moment. She threaded her arms around his shoulders, resting her brow against his shirt. "Speaking of tastes, I was too nervous to eat much at lunch and now I'm starving. There's this little porridge shop in Koreatown, can we go there?"

"You want to eat porridge on a hot day like today?" Woo Bin gawked at her.

"Yes, it reminds me of home," Ga Eul replied, wistfully. "I miss it. Besides, I think mushroom porridge might just be my first craving." He hailed a cab without any further argument and held open the door for her when it arrived. It wasn't a long ride, but the oppressive heat was enough to fry an egg on the sidewalk. She normally would've insisted on walking but it wouldn't be good for the baby; she had to think about that now.

As anticipated, the porridge shop was empty and the cook was taking a nap in the corner when they arrived. Thankfully, the air conditioning worked great and Ga Eul settled across from Woo Bin, happily accepting an extra large bowl since they went through the trouble of waiting.

"Thank you, this is really good."

Woo Bin inclined his head. "Whatever you want, whatever you need, I'm going to provide it. I'm going to be a good father and a good husband to you."

"I know, you promised," she couldn't help but swoon at the sight of him looking so unsure, "I'll hold you to them." Love radiated out from everywhere inside of her as she gazed upon her husband. "You're already doing a very good job of keeping the first one you ever made to me. I'm very happy."

"I'm happy too. Happier than I can ever remember being in my whole life." Even though his words were happy, there was still a shadow over his face. He was scared of hurting her, maybe even more so now that she was carrying his child.



Ga Eul would not let him push her away. Not again. "This is just the beginning. We've got many things to look forward to." She scraped the bottom of the bowl, feeling much better now that she'd gotten food into her system. "I think we should wait to tell everyone. It's best to wait until after the first trimester." She paused then. "Though, I suppose there's no harm in telling Ji Hoo. He already sort of knows."



The mood suddenly shifted and Woo Bin looked awfully guilty. "About that...F4 kind of knows."

"What!?"

"It was a stupid mistake, I slipped up. F4 ganged up on me to show me what an ass I was being to you and I lost control."

It was hard to be angry at him when he looked so contrite. "Is that also how you hurt your hand?"

He grimaced. "I punched a window."

"Song Woo Bin!"

" Eomma ," he half-whined, "I already admitted I was being an ass. You don't have to lecture me about it." He covered his knuckles up with his other hand but Ga Eul had seen it. She'd noticed the doctor gazing over at the wound during her appointment. "Can you forgive me?"

Eomma Her lips ticked downward into a frown that rivaled one of Jun Pyo's. "You haven't suffered nearly enough yet." That seemed to get his attention. "Oh, you didn't think you were getting off easy, did you?" She had to stifle a laugh at his puzzled expression. "I'm going to have to tell Geum Jan-Di, you know. If Jun Pyo knows, it's only a matter of time."

He scratched at the back of his neck. "I really am sorry."

Ga Eul finished off the rest of her bowl. "We shall see."

After the dishes were cleared, Woo Bin threw down an obscenely large amount of money before he grasped her hand and started to pull her out of the restaurant.

"Wait! Song Woo-Bin, the exchange rate is different here. You—"

"Chu Ga-Eul," he interrupted. "I'm aware of the exchange rate. This shop is deserted. What if they were to close due to lack of business?" Adamantly, he shook his head. "I will ensure it stays open. And at any time of day or night if my pregnant wife wants mushroom porridge, that's what she'll get—because I just bought their loyalty."

It was a shrewd move on his part, but she couldn't exactly argue with his logic. When she gazed at the shop, she could see the cook leaping and dancing around inside. It softened her ever so slightly.

On the way out to the taxi stand he bought her an ice cream, which was the perfect end to what had been the happiest day of her life so far. She took a few bites before insisting Woo Bin finish the rest. He did so, albeit reluctantly, and only because she threatened him with her best mother-knows-best look. "The wedding is still a few weeks away. I want to fit into my dress."

He chuckled at that. "I'll buy you a new dress."

"I like the one I have, thank you."

"Not for the wedding, for the horrible, awful, make-you-wish-you-were-dead announcement party we're going to have to have when we get back to Seoul," Woo Bin replied, dourly. "You should at least have a pretty dress. And shoes. Makeup, hair, whatever the hell else you want."

Ga Eul chuckled. "Song Woo-Bin, it can't possibly be that bad."

He heaved a great sigh. "You remember how uncomfortable it was at dinner when you first met my family and some of the business partners?"

She was starting to feel uneasy. "Yes..."

"Take that and add in every single person who attended my father's funeral, their dates, extended families, and probably the press."

" Ah ..."

Ah "You said you wished to be part of my life. Well."

Ga Eul huffed. "Perhaps I'll change my mind!"

Song Woo-Bin made a showy display of clutching at his heart. "Chu Ga-Eul, don't even joke about that!" He frowned at her. "You were joking, right?"

were "Of course I was!" She snapped; her eyes alight with fire. "I'm not backing down now! Not when true happiness is within our grasp." Whatever magic words she'd spoken earned her a kiss that made her tingle all over. When he broke away, she was breathless. The only reason he'd stopped was because the cab driver was getting annoyed at them for idling in the back and wanted to settle the bill pronto .

pronto They'd rented a much smaller but more private room for tonight, which Ga Eul was grateful for. She took a long shower and then settled down on the bed to stare at the printouts of the ultrasound Dr. Smith had given her. Woo Bin joined her and she gazed over at him, unable to keep from smiling.

"I think I forgive you."

He threaded his fingers through hers. "You don't sound so sure."

It struck her as funny. "I'm not sure of anything right now. I love you and you love me. It's enough for tonight."

Woo Bin rolled onto his side, gingerly laying his palm over her belly as if he were afraid he might apply too much pressure. "Tomorrow—"

"No, no talk of tomorrow," Ga Eul begged, squeezing her eyes tightly closed. "Go to sleep."

Although she couldn't see his face, the soft rumble of his sigh told her exactly what he was feeling. She was afraid he'd push or argue but instead, he pulled her in tighter and dropped a kiss to her temple. She waited until he was snoring softly and picked up the ultrasound picture again. Tears burned in her eyes—equal parts joy and fear. "Don't you worry, little one. Eomma's here."

Eomma's She would protect her baby with everything she had, come hell or high water. Something niggling at the back of her mind she would need to channel that inner strength—sooner rather than later. For tonight, though, she would live only in the present. Nothing could hurt her here.





Chapter Twelve: Must Be Something





The wedding went off without a hitch. Everyone said it was the loveliest ceremony they'd ever been to. Even Madame Kang had cried, but Ga Eul wasn't sure if that was because she'd been defeated once and for all or if she really was happy for her son.

Jun Pyo was more beautiful than the bride but only just enough to make Jan Di happy. Geum Jan-Di sipped champagne, blissfully holding her new husband close to her while relatives, benefactors, and business partners handed out thick white envelopes. There was no doubt that the amount they received could have paid for several dozen weddings.

Song Woo-Bin had been seated with the groomsmen for the formal dinner but once everyone got up to dance, he finally made his way over to his own wife. It didn't escape her notice that he had refrained from drinking the entire evening. "You don't have to avoid alcohol for my sake," Ga Eul whispered to him. "People might talk."

"Let them," he shrugged. "We have an early flight back to Seoul tomorrow and I don't want to be hung over." Leaning in closer to her, his lips brushed against her ear. "Besides, I won't be able to adequately perform later if I'm three sheets to the wind."

Ga Eul blushed hotly. He'd said it to shock her, she was certain. Since they'd confirmed her pregnancy, they hadn't actually made love. The last minute wedding preparations were time consuming, nevermind that calming both Gu Jun Pyo and Geum Jan-Di was a full time job. Every night she fell into bed exhausted.

Still, there was a part of her that wondered if he just wasn't interested anymore.

Woo Bin had taken his gloves tonight and she reveled in the feeling of his skin against hers. " Eomma , are you feeling alright? You seem so serious. You should be enjoying yourself."

Eomma A smile ghosted over her lips. "I'm perfectly happy. I'm taking a minute to admire the atmosphere. Everyone seems to be having a good time." Mostly, she focused on the newly married couple. Knowing that some small part of their radiant happiness was a result of her hard work gave her a profound sense of pride. Glancing over at him, she was struck by how handsome he was in the soft light emanating from the lanterns. She boldly twirled his tie around her finger. "I picked this color green because it brings out the brightness in your eyes."

" Don't tell Jun Pyo that," he teased, his fingertips ghosting over her side.

Don't Although there were no significant changes to her physique just yet, her husband was obsessed with rooting them out. He always seemed to be touching her now and openly protested when she was not within a few feet of him at any given time. It was a welcome change from not seeing him for weeks on end. She really didn't mind, even if he was broadcasting their secret to several hundred wedding guests.

The clinking of silverware against glasses signaled the bride and groom to kiss but it didn't stop Woo Bin from leaning over and capturing Ga Eul's lips each time it happened. She hoped that at some point she would stop blushing like it was the first time. She was pregnant, for God's sake; she shouldn't swoon so readily. Until then she needed a distraction. "Do you want to dance?"

"I thought you would never ask." Woo Bin led her out onto the dance floor, moving to the lively beat of the music. There had been string quartet and a pair of harps playing chamber music prior to and during the ceremony but the reception called for a DJ. It was getting to the hour now where most of the older, stuffier guests had excused themselves and it was time for having fun.

Woo Bin spun and dipped her as they lost themselves in the moment. Ga Eul was out of breath from laughing by the time the music slowed down. Wrapping herself in her husband's embrace, she leaned against his chest and reveled in the comforting rhythm of his heartbeat.



A soft cough drew her attention. "Excuse me, may I cut in?" Jun Pyo looked more nervous asking to dance with Ga Eul than he had during his wedding vows.

Woo Bin stepped back gracefully, offering a wicked smile. "Fine, but keep it above the waist."

"Song Woo-Bin!" She knew by his expression that he was just teasing, but Jun Pyo looked ready to swallow his tongue. "Pay him no mind," she soothed and gingerly stepped into the groom's arms. It wasn't the first time they'd danced; he'd once asked her to teach him some 'commoner' moves and it had been quite funny to toy with him. When he realized that dancing was pretty much the same across social classes, he'd forced her to learn a waltz. Actually, she was glad he did. It made her feel less ostracized here. "How do you feel?"

The Shinhwa heir shrugged. "The same." He gazed down at her. "Did you feel different after?"

Ga Eul hummed as she pondered. "No, I can't say I did. When you've known someone for as long as you and Jan Di have, I wouldn't expect there to be such a dramatic shift." She smiled up at him. "You two have been married in spirit for as long as I've known you. This is a formality, though a rather fun one—wouldn't you agree?"

His discomfort seemed to vanish immediately and he was back to smiling. "Yes, it's been perfect, thanks to you."

"Jan Di—"

"-Is focused on her studies and doesn't care about these kind of things. You've incorporated what's important to the both of us." Jun Pyo narrowed his eyes then. "I am giving you a compliment, Mistress Song. It doesn't happen very often. I think you should just accept it gracefully."

Ga Eul inclined her head. Having the Gu Jun Pyo as a true friend was something she'd never have expected. Before Jan Di had gone to school with F4 she'd only seen him on television a couple of times and in the online gossip columns, which she mostly skipped over in favor of the food blogs and fashion column. "You will take care of her, won't you?"

Normally he'd have grown angry at such a question, but she must have asked it so earnestly he couldn't be upset. "Of course. I love her with all my heart. This is all I've wanted and now that I have it, I will take care to treasure it." The song ended and he bowed to her. "You have my word."

She threw her arms around him, hugging him tightly. "Thank you."

When she looked up again, she saw Woo Bin looking horrified. She wasn't sure why he was so upset; he knew very well that she had no feelings for Jun Pyo other than friendship. And yet, the weight of him in her arms began to grow unbearable and she realized Jun Pyo had lost consciousness. He was much taller and heavier than her, and when he crashed onto his side, he almost took her with him.

Glancing down at her hands, she realized she was covered in blood. It wasn't just her palms either but down her dress, smeared across her neck, and even flecked on her face. Her mouth opened in a silent cry as turned to face Woo Bin.

"He's shot! Gu Jun Pyo's been shot!" Someone screamed.

"Help! Someone call an ambulance!" Another shouted.

Song Woo Bin's voice was the quietest but rose above the rest, echoing across the courtyard. "Get the car, hurry!" He growled to one of his associates. Ji Hoo, Jan Di, and several other bodyguards carefully got him up and transferred into the waiting vehicle.

"It's going to be okay," he murmured, "Everything is going to be okay."

The last thing she remembered before fainting dead away was Woo Bin's gentle voice and his strong arms lifting her up.

And then there was nothing.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Yoon Ji-Hoo was no trauma surgeon, but he had really stepped up to the plate to help out Dr. Smith. What he hadn't anticipated was that Jan Di would do the same. Despite the intensity of her feelings for Jun Pyo, she managed to put them aside and help save her new husband's life. Yi Jung fretted and paced. Woo Bin hadn't budged from Ga Eul's side but he had been busy making phone calls since they arrived.

Something told him that the bullet that had lodged itself in Jun Pyo's chest was not intended for the groom, but for Song Woo Bin's pregnant wife. Either way whoever was responsible was going to pay.

Woo Bin was not just going to kill them.

Oh no. He would eradicate their entire bloodline beginning to end. He'd burn and salt their fields, wipe their names from every ledger, banish their legacy from ever being spoken of again. He'd unwrite them from history for this.

Ga Eul's eyes fluttered open and she inhaled shakily. "Where am I?"

"Hey, don't move just yet. Take it slow," he cautioned her, his touch on her firm but not enough to bruise. He didn't want her to go careening off the bed if she was still dizzy. "How are you—"

" Jun Pyo ," she gasped, "Where is he? Is he alright?" When she faced her husband head on, her eyes were brimming with tears. "One minute we were dancing and then..."

Jun Pyo Woo Bin had removed her dress and washed her up before he carefully changed her into one of the simple yellow gowns Dr. Smith had on hand. He hadn't wanted her to wake up drenched in blood. Still, it wasn't a perfect job. There were still flecks of it on her hands and a little bit by her collarbone. "Someone shot him."

A sob lodged itself in her throat and she convulsed when finally she was able to expel it.

He sat down on the bed and dragged her into his arms. "He's alright. Dr. Smith is very skilled and she has Ji Hoo and Jan Di to help her on this one. He couldn't be in better hands." Her tears flowed down her cheeks, pooling on his dress shirt. He wished there was a way to comfort or soothe her. The best he could do was just hold her for now.

In time, her fingers tightened around his bicep. "I didn't even hear a shot. How could I be so oblivious?"

"Silencer," he explained, "It's a necessity in our business. Cracking off shots would've given up his position." As much as he wanted to hold this back, he'd made a promise. "It's what leads me to believe this was a threat on your life and not Jun Pyo's."

your Ga Eul stiffened in his arms and pulled back so she could look him in the eyes. "You think someone would try to kill me ?"

me Woo Bin cupped her face in his hands. "You're my wife and therefore an extension of me ...and there are a hell of a lot of people who want me dead." It made her cry harder, but he didn't feel remorse at telling her the truth. If anything, there was a sense of freedom in sharing this. Dragging her back to his chest, he rubbed her back and whispered soothing words into her ear. "I won't let anyone hurt you or our child."

me or Ji Hoo entered the room with a soft knock. "Excuse me, I just wanted to let you know that Jun Pyo's stable. He lost a lot of blood and I'm worried about depleting the supply here. Yi Jung is donating now, since he's a universal donor type."

"I am too. I'll do it after he's finished." Woo Bin cleared his throat. "Would you have a minute to check out Ga Eul? I'm concerned. If it's not too much trouble."

"Of course not." Ji Hoo washed his hands thoroughly before hesitantly approaching Ga Eul. "Are you comfortable with this? I'm a professional, I wouldn't—"

She rested her hand on his shoulder. "I trust you." Even though tears were still leaking from her eyes, she managed to smile. She was fully compliant with his thorough examination and didn't show any sign of pain or discomfort.



"Have you experienced any bleeding or cramping?"

Ga Eul shook her head. "No, I feel fine. I ate plenty tonight—too much, if you ask me. I've been drinking plenty of water. It was pleasantly cool and I didn't get overheated." The fact that she was trying to be so strong in the face of all this warmed Woo Bin all the way to his heart. "When I saw all that blood, I was overwhelmed."

Ji Hoo inclined his head. "It's as I suspected: you had a panic attack. It's very common in these kind of situations." He stepped back as soon as he was finished. "I have no reason to suspect that there's anything wrong with you or the baby. My recommendation is to get some rest." He narrowed his eyes. "That goes for the both of you. Understood?"

"Yes, doctor," he replied. But Song Woo had no intention of resting until the perpetrator of this heinous attack was apprehended. "I want to check in on Jan Di. Ga Eul, will you be alright a moment? You won't try to get up?"

"I want to go with you," she insisted.

He didn't have the heart to deny herm, so he let Ji Hoo do it instead. The good doctor cleared his throat. "Chu Ga-Eul, you need to rest with your feet up. Your heart rate is still a little high." He glanced over his shoulder. "I'll stay with her. I think Jan Di could use a break from me."

Woo Bin gave him a knowing look. "I'll be back soon and I'll report on how she's doing." Although it didn't fully appease her, he was able to slip out of the room without incident. He found Jan Di curled up at Jun Pyo's bedside, her face red and swollen from crying. Woo Bin knelt, resting his hand atop hers. "Geum Jan-Di," he didn't take offense when she refused to look at him, "I'm going to find out who did this and I'm going to punish them."

punish Her hiccuping sobs didn't dissipate but he took the squeeze of her grasp to mean she was fully on board with the plan. When he stood again he was surprised she wrapped her arms around him. Woo Bin hugged back tighter. "Jun Pyo's too stubborn to die like this. Being shot can't be any worse than getting hit by a car. At least this time he won't have brain damage. Well, at least not anything worse than he was born with.

The joke was in poor taste and she didn't laugh, but she wasn't crying so hard anymore so he accepted it as a victory. "I hope you understand why I'm returning to Seoul tomorrow and taking Ga Eul with me. I'm sorry, Jan Di, we have a duty."

Jan Di nodded wearily; she attempted to take deep breaths to calm herself, but it was a stopgap measure. "You should go. You can borrow Jun Pyo's plane, we won't be needing it tonight." He'd already used his handkerchief for Ga Eul but managed to find a box of tissues that he offered up to her instead.

should "I'll ask Dr. Smith to give you something to help you sleep." It looked like she was going to argue and he narrowed his eyes at her. "You need to rest. You won't be any good to him if you're lying in the gurney beside him."

"I..." She chewed her bottom lip. "Please ask Ji Hoo to do it."

Woo Bin inclined his head. If it were someone else, he might've argued that his private physician was very loyal and trustworthy, but Jan Di had been through enough. "I'm going to donate blood before we go. Is there anything else you need?"

Jan Di gazed back at Jun Pyo lying there, still and silent in the bed. "I just want to know why ? Before you kill them, please . I need to know..."

why please He hesitated.

Honesty was normally the best policy, but Jan-Di was already dealing with her husband being shot. Adding in the news that he believed her pregnant best friend was the intended target would do her no good. Instead, he nodded swiftly and vowed to come up with a lie that would be the easy to swallow. "Of course. I'll keep you up to date."

intended

"Thank you," she breathed. "Not just for this. For loving Ga Eul the way she deserves. Since you came to New York, I've never seen her happier. You always were my favorite, you know."

"I'm telling Jun Pyo you said that."

She almost smiled. "I welcome the day you'll be able to."

Bending at the waist, he dropped a chaste kiss to the top of her head. "Be well, Jan Di-ya. Call me—anytime day or night.

"Go now. Your wife needs me more than I do."

Woo Bin didn't mind that she pushed him away. He went straight back to where his wife was now sitting up and sipping a bottle of water. Ji Hoo hadn't left her side, and seemed to be encouraging her to move slowly. When she moved to stand, he wrapped his arms around her in case she faltered.

Thankfully, she didn't. Ga Eul gazed up at him with bloodshot eyes and her nose all red and chapped, she vacillated between breathing normally and fighting back waves of tears but she never missed a step. He drove them straight to the airport, onto the tarmac, and made sure she was ready for takeoff.

"I'll ask for your things to be sent—"

"Burn it all," Ga Eul demanded. "Except for the ultrasound pictures. That's the only thing I want."

Reaching into his jacket, he pressed the first images of their child into her hand. "I asked the guards to bring only our important documents. This was on the top on the list." The look of gratitude in her eyes only made him love her more; he hadn't thought it was possible. "Would you like some tea?"

She shook her head. "Just some hot water, please?"

Woo Bin didn't need to be asked twice. He didn't allow the flight attendant to serve her but instead heated the water himself before pouring it into a heavy ceramic mug. She took small sips and alternated between staring at him and out the window. "It'll take quite a while to get home. You should get some rest."

"Soon," Ga Eul promised. When she had finished her cup, she set it aside. "I think I should have a gun."

" Absolutely not."

Absolutely Her expression grew stormy. "My eyes were opened tonight. I can't be effective in hand-to-hand combat like you, especially when I'm pregnant. Knives would allow attackers to get too close. I need to be able to protect myself and our family."

and " I will protect you, Chu Ga-Eul. That's my duty as your husband."

I "It's not feasible for you to be by my side at every hour, day and night. You might need to go out of town or perhaps Jan Di will need me or maybe you will take one of your famous hour-long showers!" She fired back.

Heat scorched his cheeks. " Hey , I only do that when I'm hung over or sexually frustrated. With you around, it won't be happening anytime soon." Still, he could see she had a point. "I'll assign you another bodyguard."

Hey anytime She sighed then. "I don't like the bodyguard I have now. He's too conspicuous and he drives like a maniac!"

He gripped the armrest tighter. "I'll get you two new bodyguards then."

two "Song Woo-Bin, I am being very serious right now," Ga Eul frowned hard at him. "Loyalty can be bought and sold. You taught me that!"

You Damn it. Woo Bin tried to away from her to hide the look on his face but she was faster by a hair. Gripping his chin, she forced him to lock eyes with her. It wasn't until this very moment he realized she was no withering, wilting flower. Yes, she was soft and sweet and pliant everywhere he was hard and bitter and rigid; it didn't detract any from her power. "I...will need time to adjust to the idea."

Could he really do this?

Could he arm his wife and expect her to act as a full-fledged member of the Song Empire? Then again, wasn't she pledged to him already? Her commitment was even deeper as the blood of the heir ran in her veins. What choice did he have?

"I'll see to your training personally," he said, though it felt like he was speaking through a sandstorm. The look of satisfaction twisted in his gut and he tugged away from her. "Forgive me, Chu Ga-Eul, I think the day is catching up with me. I need to get some rest."

Her fingers pressed to his forehead, checking for a temperature or signs of illness before she gave her nod of consent. When he reclined the seat, she moved into the chair beside him and did the same. There would be no sleep tonight for Song Woo-Bin, but she was out like a light within minutes—just as he'd expected.

Ga Eul was flawless. It's why he chose her but it wasn't why he loved her. She forced him to look at her, she unraveled his secrets, and never backed down when it really counted. He loved her because she didn't hold his Don Juan past or his Don Corleone present against him. Instead, she was wrapping herself up tighter in his world day by day.

look Woo Bin hadn't decided whether he was pleased or disappointed; he only knew he was terrified.





Chapter Thirteen: Forever Love





"They burst into your house, stormed the warehouses, and burned several nightclubs to the ground. Your father didn't bat an eye. And when they got your mother..." So Yi Jung slowed, hands shaking as he reached out, "Your father chose the business over her life. Tell me, Song Woo Bin, would you make a different choice?"

"They burst into your house, stormed the warehouses, and burned several nightclubs to the ground. Your father didn't bat an eye. And when they got your mother..." So Yi Jung slowed, hands shaking as he reached out, "Your father chose the business over her life. Tell me, Song Woo Bin, would you make a different choice?" He awoke drenched in a cold sweat, the words his best friend had spoken still ringing in his ears. Woo Bin had seen the aftermath of the attack with his own eyes. He'd been but a child, unable to fully comprehend death but had immediately understood destruction. Seeing his mother, her body ruined and her soul released, it would never stop haunting him.

Now, he couldn't stop imagining Chu Ga-Eul meeting the same fate.

Rolling over in bed, he wasn't sure if it was early or late. Heavy thunderclouds clouds hung low in the sky, filling the air with the scent of rain. It had been a particularly wet autumn that would soon give way to the cold, dry winter.

It would be their first holiday season as a married couple and already he'd begun to think of ways he could make it special. This was their last chance to celebrate solo and he intended to make it count. Unfortunately, beyond her love of chocolate and mushroom porridge he didn't know very much about what she liked. She didn't ask for anything. How the hell was he supposed to know what to get her?

ask Ga Eul was usually awake long before him so to find her stretched out beside him was a rarity. Despite the chill of the room, she had kicked all the blankets off. One hand was flung out, as if she were reaching to him; the other cradled the roundness of her belly. The bump was still small but much more noticeable than a few weeks ago when they'd returned to Seoul. It wouldn't be long now before people who were not intimately acquainted with her would know the truth.

It was time to make the announcement. They couldn't put it off any longer.

Ga Eul awoke with a yawn, her eyelashes fluttering just before she opened her beautiful eyes. She gazed at him, a shy smile tugging at her lips. "Good morning." When he leaned in to kiss her, she was suddenly fully alert. "Wait, I haven't brushed my teeth."

"I'll risk it," Woo Bin replied and kissed her swiftly. The way she sighed into his mouth, her breathless little moan, and the scorching heat of her against his side. "How are we this morning?"

Her hand covered his where it lay over the arc of her belly. " We are fine," she chuckled. "I can recall so many nights as a girl, huddling under my blankets and shivering for warmth. Now, I can't seem to cool down. I contemplated opening the window last night!"

We Gingerly, his thumb stroked her warm flesh. "If it makes you more comfortable, I won't argue." The satisfied look she gave him set his blood on fire. "If keep looking at me like that, Mistress Song, I cannot be held responsible for my actions."

After all this time, he still had the ability to make her blush. "I'm not looking at you any particular way. I'm still half asleep!"

"I can think of a few ways to wake you up properly," he murmured and threw his leg over hers.

Ga Eul succumbed in an instant, her nails pressed against his back—not deep enough to wound but forceful enough to provide pleasure. She was never more beautiful with her her dark hair fanned out over the pillow. He made love to her slowly, at least at first, but the way she spurned him onward made it impossible to hold on. He used the keening noises she made as a roadmap of how to please her.

Within minutes she came apart once and did so again when he slipped inside of her. She wrung as much joy out of him coming apart as she did herself. It was a testament to her devotion to him.



The reminder caused fear to wash over him like a tidal wave; his heart seized in his chest.

A warm hand settled across his forehead. "Mmm, no fever," his wife clucked her tongue, "But you seem peckish. Are you feeling well?"

Woo Bin faked a smile. "I feel fine. But I should be the one asking you. Any sickness today?"

But Ga Eul shook her head. "None whatsoever. I haven't had a moment of nausea since I got pregnant. It's remarkable, isn't it?" She chuckled. "Your babe agrees with me."

When she said things like that to him, everything else died away and that feeling of power welled up in his chest again. As if he needed further proof that she was his heart and soul, her miraculous pregnancy was the icing on the cake. This time when he kissed her, it was to soothe the raging in his blood. Ga Eul was safe at his side and he would just need to work that much harder to keep her there.

"How would you like breakfast in bed today?"

She scrunched up her nose. "No, I'd prefer to get up. Sitting at this angle is somewhat awkward. Besides, I just changed the sheets yesterday and would prefer not to get crumbs on them." Slipping her legs over the side of the bed, she stood up and stretched. "I would like some chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast, though—like the ones they made in New York City. Do you remember?"

would Woo Bin smirked. "I remember you ordered them every morning." He inclined his head. "Luckily for you, I instructed the cook to look up recipes. I'll ask her to whip up a batch. Anything else you want?"

She tapped her finger against her chin. "No, just a nice breakfast with my husband."

"Alright, you go get freshened up. I'll see to the meal." It shouldn't have been as big of an ask, but moving all of his morning meetings was going to get him pushback from the mafiosos he was meeting with. It was for exactly this reason that he needed to announce his wife was pregnant; at least then he had a legitimate excuse to being near her side. No man or woman could fault him for putting family above business.

The cook was overjoyed to fulfill Mistress Song's breakfast request and had apparently made several dozen batches of pancakes over the last few weeks to perfect them when finally the lady of the house requested it.

Woo Bin admired how easily Ga Eul interacted with others, drawing them to her so they truly wished to serve her. Fear and violence worked just fine for him, but they were motivators that sowed discord. Perhaps he should take a page from his wife's book...

If only it were simple.

"It smells incredible in here," Ga Eul inhaled and sighed deeply. She settled down in her usual seat and took a sip of milk. "Tell me honestly, is there anywhere in the world that has better breakfast than the USA?" She leaned her head against her hand and batted her eyelashes at him. "If there is, I demand you take me there immediately."

He genuinely laughed, despite his serious mood. "Sorry, Eomma , but I'm fairly certain you've had the best of it already." She seemed entirely too pleased and dug into her pancakes with gusto. Watching her eat them was almost as enticing as seeing her in the throes of orgasm. Come to think of it, the faces were not altogether dissimilar.

Eomma Woo Bin shifted in his seat, drawing her eye again. He offered her a warm smile and focused on his plate of fruit and egg.

Ga Eul sipped her milk between bites. "What are your plans for the day?"

"Meetings," he replied with a sigh, watching her expression closely. She had not mastered hiding her emotion from him yet—and he honestly hoped she never would. Ga Eul was resigned to this, at the very least. "I have an important task for you, though."



Her face lit up. "What is it?"

Woo Bin leaned back in his seat, chewing a piece of melon thoughtfully. "It's time to announce your pregnancy to the family and the Song Empire at large." He exhaled sharply. "If you're feeling up to it, I'd like for you to manage the preparations. I'll handle the security."

"Certainly. But I should handle everything." Ga Eul gazed at him earnestly. "Isn't it time I start learning the ins and outs of the family business?"

Was this how it all started for his mother too? Woo Bin truly wondered.

His father had spoken very little of their courtship and Woo Bin knew what their marriage was like only from his early memories. His parents had been deeply in love and were scolded often when Grandma Song caught them being affectionate. He wondered if perhaps they'd listened to her warnings if she wouldn't have been a target...

He truly didn't know how much of the business his mother had been involved in, just that in being with his father that it got her killed. His fist clenched in response.

" Appa ," Ga Eul pressed, her fingers sliding over his. "Are you certain you're well? You seem distant today."

Appa His eyes snapped to her face. "I'm wondering if this is the right decision. The announcement, I mean. Perhaps it would be better if we—"

"Lie?" She met his gaze with a tenderness he didn't feel he deserved. "These things have a way of getting out. I realize it's daunting to share our secret with the world but it's nothing to be ashamed of. I want to tell everyone, Song Woo Bin. Let's make sure we control the information and present a united front."

She was exactly right, as usual. Woo Bin inclined his head. "I'll leave it to you, then. You can work with my security team. I'll let them know that when you give an order, it comes from me and ask them to give you some gentle guidance on what might be needed. For anything else, you should come to me directly."

Ga Eul smiled broadly and went back for another helping of pancakes. She seemed satisfied, though Woo Bin knew she had no idea what she'd gotten herself into. They made idle conversation throughout the duration of breakfast, something Woo Bin was intensely grateful for. He never anticipated a simple conversation about an upcoming art show or the weather could be as scintillating as this.

When he'd finally pushed beyond the barriers of appropriate tardiness, he kissed her sweetly. "I'll be back as soon as I can."

"I'll keep busy and I won't miss you too much," she assured him.

"I'll miss you enough for the both of us."

She jumped up from her seat and threw her arms around him. "I didn't mean it like that! I just didn't want you to worry."

When he was crushed in her arms he could feel soft swell of her belly pressing up against the plane of his body, Song Woo Bin had never been happier. " Eomma , I was just teasing you."

Eomma Ga Eul hugged him even tighter. "There is nothing funny about my love for you. Promise me it won't happen again, Woo Bin."

He'd have promised her anything at all. "I swear it, Mistress Song. It won't happen again." Although she looked appeased, he still felt guilty. If it were up to him, he'd have spent the entire rest of the day making it up to her.

It was torture having to leave again. If their lives didn't depend on keeping the business afloat, wild horses could not have dragged him away. As it was, every day it was getting harder to keep going. Gazing at the driver of his limousine, Woo Bin cleared his throat. "After my meeting at three, plan to make a stop in Incheon."



"Would you like me to call—"

"No, thank you," he interrupted. "The Crone can deal with the inconvenience. It's the least she deserves."

"Yes, sir."

It was a bold step—one he couldn't take back once made. But for the sake of his family, he needed to make a move. It was long overdue.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Ga Eul found herself humming softly as she pored over all the materials she'd collected in Seoul this afternoon. Already she'd decided that they'd hold the party on the grounds of the Song Estate. Security agreed it would be easiest to keep control of an environment they were familiar with and it would reduce the risk of uninvited guests slipping in. Even with that decided, there were a million little details to go over.

They would have to choose a caterer—likely more than one given the amount of guests who would be in attendance. Invitations would have to be designed and sent out properly to avoid anyone feeling slighted. There was also a need for entertainment—as it would be near impossible for her and Song Woo Bin to occupy so many people. By the time she finished making a list of everything that needed to be done, it was several pages long.

Had she not planned the Shinhwa heir's wedding, she might be daunted. Instead, she chose to tackle a few things at a time—starting with the things she had the most control over. Once she was showered and dressed, she headed for the car with her bodyguard, Mikhail, hot on her heels.

"I will take you to your destination," he barked.

The thought of having the rough-looking bodyguard with her while she shopped for delicate feminine items—since most of hers didn't fit any longer—and dresses made her uneasy. "It's not necessary. I assure you, I won't be gone more than a few hours."

"Mistress Song—"

"I believe my husband told you that my word is his." Ga Eul hadn't wanted to play this card, but it was very effective. The beefy bodyguard stopped dead in his tracks, wringing his hands as if he wanted to argue but was suddenly afraid to do so. "I'll be sure to tell Woo Bin what a good job you're doing at protecting me. For this, though, you need to stay at home. Please get together with my husband's security team and work with them to draw up a plan for protecting me at the party."

my Mikhail stared at her a long time before he bowed and returned to the house.

Relief flooded her as she settled in the seat of her black sedan. It had been so long since she'd been out on her own; it was so freeing. Ga Eul turned up the radio in the car and sang along as she navigated her way toward the coast.

Her mind wandered to Jan Di. Jun Pyo was doing well and had been released home. Ji Hoo had temporarily moved in to assist Jan Di with his care and from what she'd heard the three were living very happily together. Still, she felt guilty she wasn't there to comfort and support her friends. Jan Di was adamant, of course, that she wanted her as far away from danger as possible.



If Jan Di only knew the truth...

Ga Eul eased the car into a parking space. She double-checked her surroundings and mirrors before getting out of the car, just as Song Woo Bin had taught her. Her gun—a small revolver loaded with six shots—was tucked carefully in her purse. She'd not had to use it outside of practice but she made sure it was on her person at all times.

Never before had she gone shopping in such a place like this. However, as Woo Bin had explained to her several times, she was the wife of a wealthy man and should dress the part. It was still second nature to go to the sale rack and thumb through before she even looked at the regular price items. They were all so beautiful and delicate and expensive ...

expensive "My gosh..." she gasped looking at the price on a pretty pink dress that had caught her eye.

"You should try it on."

She chewed her bottom lip and turned over the price tag before she shook her head. "Oh, no, I shouldn't—"

"I insist," the old woman replied. "And I will buy it for you, my child. I never did get you a wedding gift, after all."

Ga Eul's head snapped up and she almost gasped. " Sunbae , forgive me."

Sunbae "Please, call me grandma. We are family, are we not?" Grandma Song's teeth looked pointed when she broadly smiled. "What a coincidence I found you out shopping today." She took the dress off the rack. "Go now and try it on and then we can get some lunch. You have time for an old woman, don't you?"

Nodding eagerly, she hurried into the dressing room to try on the beautiful garment. It was more fitted than she'd been anticipating and decided the next size up would be the best—especially since she intended to wear it for the party.

Grandma Song gave her a knowing look as she insisted paying for everything Ga Eul had purchased. They walked together toward the restaurant the older woman recommended. "Marriage agrees with you," she said when they were finally seated, "You must be eating well, my child."

Oh, if she only knew...

She didn't say anything and allowed the matriarch to order whatever dishes she liked. Ga Eul had plenty to choose from and everything looked and smelled wonderful. "Thank you for inviting me today. I've wished to know Woo Bin's family better."

"Oh, I am quite glad to get to know you better too. Song Woo Bin has never been the settling type. I never though I would see the day he is married and expecting—"

Ga Eul almost spit her water. "Grandma!"

The woman smiled knowingly. "It's a woman's intuition, you know. I could tell right away." She narrowed her gaze. "I suppose that's why you married so quickly."

"Oh no, no!" How embarrassing! "Woo Bin and I waited until our wedding night. He was very patient with me." Her face was beet red. "I've only just surpassed the first trimester. I hope I can trust you will keep it quiet. My husband and I are planning a big party to announce it to everyone."

Grandma Song filled up Ga Eul's plate before she started to fill hers. "Of course. I didn't mean to imply anything, my dear. I married Song Woo Bin's grandfather in much the same way. I would not judge you so harshly for having made the same choice to marry for your child's sake." Although her words were kind, there was something dark about them. She chewed her meal thoughtfully. "And my grandson is good to you?"

Her heart swelled thinking of it. "Oh yes." How could she not smile thinking of her beloved husband? "He is a wonderful man."

That seemed to satisfy the old woman. She sat back, grinning to herself through the rest of the meal. After insisting she pay for it all, she ushered Ga Eul toward the entrance. "There is just one more place we need to go."

"Oh, I really should be going. I need to be getting home to my husband."

Wizened fingers wrapped tighter around a cane adorned with the head of a golden snake. She inclined her head. "You can join me of your own free will or I will have you dragged. Think about your child."

Two bodyguards appeared behind Grandma Song—far more malicious and stern-faced than Mikhail had ever been. They took a step toward her and Ga Eul put her hands up in surrender. "Alright. Fine, but I need to call my husband. He'll worry."

"Best you hurry up and get into the car now before I have to make good on my threat."

Prodded into the car, Ga Eul sat stoically as she was whisked away. Song Woo Bin's words came back to her, begging her not to trust anyone. How could she be so stupid in thinking that his family was not included? Her mind kept wandering to the gun in her purse. They had taken her phone—which was out in plain sight—but they hadn't searched her bag. The thought of using it turned her stomach and she wrapped her arms around her waist.

It wasn't just her own life she needed to protect—it was this child's. This was her husband's legacy. There was no doubt in her mind that if any ill befell them, Song Woo Bin would never recover. It couldn't come to that.

"Where are you taking me?"

Grandma Song flicked her wrist. "You will see soon enough."

Only a few minutes passed before they pulled into a rotting compound. The wrought iron gates were rusted and groaned when they opened. Cobblestones of the driveway were cracked and broken and the spots that were still useable were riddled with potholes. Ga Eul was nauseous just from being bounced around, let alone the clenching fear when the door opened and she was led into a decaying old house.

It had likely been beautiful in its day. Now, though, worn red carpets were thin and smelled musty. Wallpaper was peeling and there were wet spots on the ceiling that had certainly turned to mold. Ga Eul breathed shallowly so she wouldn't inhale too much of whatever poison was growing here. She was led to a sitting room and a cup of hot tea appeared in front of her.

"You should—"

" You should quit pretending to be cordial and speak freely now. You have me here in your home. You surely understand that this is an affront to my husband." Ga Eul wasn't sure where the strength was coming from but she gritted her teeth. "Why have you brought me here?"

You The old woman's eyes widened slightly and then her true self slithered out beneath her leathery skin. "Well, to kill you of course. And this time, it'll stick."





Chapter Fourteen: E-Bow the Letter





"Yo!"

"Song Woo Bin... Woo Bin , I—I..."

Woo Bin His heart slammed against his ribs at the trembling of her voice. It wasn't just the way she stammered and stumbled over her words. Ga Eul was easily flustered, yes, but the panic was uncommon. "What happened?" He demanded.

A sob choked her.

"Chu Ga Eul," he commanded, gripping the steering wheel so tightly he swore his bones would crush to dust. "Pull yourself together and tell me where you are?"

"I don't know. I...she forced me to come here. Woo Bin ." The connection on the phone was not great—or perhaps it was her hysterical state—but he could hardly make out her words. "How could she do this? How could she try to hurt our baby?"

Woo Bin It became clear all at once, like a veil had been lifted from his eyes.

Woo Bin couldn't breathe.

Stomping the accelerator all the way to the floor, the car engine roared to life as he barreled toward the compound. He should have known the crone would have anticipated his strike and made her move first. It was his love for Ga Eul that had blinded him; he hadn't seen it coming.

He came to a screeching halt just beyond the gates. He found it odd that there weren't a horde of his grandmother's loyal lackeys waiting for him but didn't dwell on it. He ignored the grating screech of rusty metal entry and stalked through the courtyard. He didn't bother drawing his weapons—if anyone so much as looked at him he was going to rip them apart with his bare hands.

No one met him at the door.

He stumbled over the first body before he had fully cleared the threshold. The metallic twang of blood and sick reached his nose and intensified until he nearly choked. "Ga Eul!" He yelled, holding back a gag.

It wasn't that he was unused to such carnage, but he hadn't seen such a horrible mess this close up before...not since his mother died. In an instant he was transported back to the time he was a scared little boy. Tears burned in his eyes as he called out, seeking her desperately. "Ga Eul! Answer me!"

"I'm here."

How had he not realized she was standing in front of him?

He dragged her against his chest, not caring that she was violently shaking or that she was spattered by blood from head to toe. "Are you alright?" When she didn't immediately answer, he gripped tighter to her shoulders and braced himself for the worst.

She was in shock.

Her eyes were fixed, shimmering with tears. Her fists hadn't yet unclenched themselves and her breaths were uneven.

"We need to get out of here." Woo Bin had to physically drag her out of the house. He settled her into the car before grabbing his cell phone off the seat. "I have a job for you," he commanded, the moment his head of security picked up. "Not one shred of evidence can remain. Burn the bodies, burn the house to the ground. Make it look like an accident." He didn't wait for them to agree; they would do everything he was because Song Woo Bin was the one giving the order.

The Song Empire lived and died with him; that was never truer than in this moment.

Glancing over at his wife, he found her with both arms wrapped around her belly. He had no idea what had happened or how she had managed to take out an entire faction in one fell swoop. Every idea he came up with seemed more farfetched than the last and he forced himself to focus on getting the hell out of Incheon.

Traffic was heavy but he managed to weave his way through it as quickly as humanly possible. Once they were safely behind the walls of their home, Song Woo Bin carried her into the house. No one dared say a word when he brought her straight into the bath.



Ga Eul ran colder than him so he took painstaking care to make sure it was warm enough. Her rush of breath when she slipped beneath the surface made him worry it was too much, but then her eyes fluttered closed and her muscles unclenched. Soaping up a washcloth, he proceeded to wipe away the spatters of blood from her porcelain skin.

Out of the blue, she spoke. "I'd like to wash my hair."

He grabbed the cherry vanilla scented drugstore shampoo without delay. "May I?"

She nodded jerkily, "Please."

Never before had he considered something so mundane to have so much weight. There was an intimacy in massaging her scalp, feeling her relax against him. Slowly, she was coming back to her senses and he could finally breathe. When she was clean, he lifted her up out of the water and wrapped her in a towel.

"I'm fine," she said, before he could get a word in edgewise.

Damn this woman and her uncanny ability to read his mind. "You've had quite a shock. I'd feel better if my personal physician looked you over." She was shaking her head and putting distance between them. "Chu Ga-Eul, it's not just yourself that you need to look after. The baby—"

She snapped to face him, sending droplets of water flying around the room. "Don't," she warned, "I would do anything for our baby. Anything , Song Woo Bin." She was shaking again.

Anything This approach would get him nowhere. He was agitating her and what he needed to do was comfort her; perhaps if he did so effectively she'd finally tell him what the hell had happened today. Inclining his head, he held out a hand to her. "Let me get you some tea, at least?"

"Could I have some water instead?"

Woo Bin nodded and hurried to fulfill her request. He returned to the bedroom to find her settled on the edge of their bed. Some of the color had returned to her cheeks and she even offered him a small smile when he offered the bottle to her.

She drank deeply, draining the bottle in only a few minutes. If he hadn't seen her just this morning he would've feared she was terribly neglected and abused at that horrible haunted house where his Grandmother had lived. Woo Bin could picture her now, crumpled beside the couch with her eyes fixed and her body still.

But what had driven Ga Eul to that?

He was too afraid to ask.

"I had no choice." His wife's voice was so small and tremulous he didn't recognize it at first. "I was in Incheon shopping when she came to me. I thought it was a coincidence, but that was naïve of me. She invited me to lunch and I let my guard down further. That's when she struck. She brought me to that terrible place. She..." Ga Eul wrapped her arms tightly around her belly, "She told me she was the one who planned the attack at Jan Di and Gun Pyo's wedding. She was angry her plan had failed. Song Woo Bin, she knew I was pregnant and still she wanted to destroy me. She wanted to destroy our family...I couldn't let her."

knew Outrage was quickly replacing Woo Bin's fear. He had known his Grandmother was a snake, but he hadn't realized how deep the poison had set in. Reaching out, he cupped her face in his hands. "What did you do? How did you...?"

Cha Ga Eul swallowed hard. "When she said she was going to kill me, I suddenly felt as if my soul left my body. I had to protect our family. I had to protect our baby ." Although he was holding her head still, she fisted her hands in the comforter. "I lunged for my bag, it threw her off. I took the safety off and I... fired . They were all so shocked, they couldn't find their footing. I just kept pulling the trigger again and again until they were gone."

baby fired

Woo Bin couldn't quite believe what he was hearing. In their practice, she had been unsteady and unsure with the gun. It was an unfamiliar weight in her hand, a very uncomfortable reminder of the life they lived. He never, ever intended for her to have to use it. And now...she'd taken a human life. She'd killed for him, for his child.

The guilt that weighed in his soul was enough to crush him. His heart thundered against his ribs and his head pounded in time; it made his stomach roil. When he looked back at his wife he could feel the fear radiating off her in waves and he had to physically shake himself. He could not allow her to see the horror beneath the surface at what he'd forced her to become.

"I—"

"Don't say anything."

Her command shocked him. "Ga Eul?"

She pried his hands away from her face, offering him a tepid smile and a soft kiss on the lips instead. "I want to sleep now." Pulling her legs up onto the bed, she shifted and pulled the blankets up to her shoulders. "I love you."

There was a part of him that wanted to demand she tell him every little detail of what she was feeling right now. She shouldn't just go to sleep with guilt weighing on her conscience. He knew from experience it would lead her down a path of darkness...but then, hadn't he paved that road for her? He was the one who had forced her to protect herself with violent, deadly force.

"Song Woo Bin?"

"Hm?"

"Tell me that you love me too. If it's still true..."

Pain seared through his chest. He leaned in, pressing a kiss to her forehead. "Of course I love you, Chu Ga Eul. I love you more today than any other day before and I promise I will love you more tomorrow." He laid his palm over her belly, warmth spread through him again.

This was what she fought to protect. He'd have done the exact same thing...but he had given up his soul long ago. The thought of Chu Ga Eul losing hers was the fear that nearly drove him away the first time. He had to fight it this time.

Woo Bin offered her a tender smile. "Sleep now. I've got a few things to finish up and then I'll join you." If she wanted to argue, it didn't show in her expression; if anything, she seemed relieved for the privacy.

He clicked off the light as he went, closing the door behind him just as his knees gave out from beneath him. He didn't care if this was what damned him to Hell for all eternity; he breathed in blessed relief. His nightmare had nearly come true tonight and his wife had been strong enough to endure it. He stared up at the heavens, thanking any God that would listen for protecting his wife and child. He'd never take them for granted again.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Sleep, she'd said.

Sleep indeed.

There was no way Chu Ga would ever be able to close her eyes again without seeing the carnage that she'd left in her wake today. Grandma Song's ugly mouth, distorted in a silent scream of death would never stop haunting her. It wasn't that she regretted her decision. Protecting her family was the reason she'd asked Woo Bin for a gun in the first place...but seeing the destruction left behind, it almost felt like a scene from a movie.



When Song Woo Bin returned to the bedroom, she closed her eyes and pretended to sleep. She forced her breathing to remain soft and even and when she was certain he was comfortably settled, she turned onto the opposite side so he couldn't see her face.

"You can stop pretending, I'm not going to press you for more information."

His statement made her smile. "I don't have any more information. That's the truth."

Woo Bin hummed softly, a surefire sign of acknowledgement. Instead of pushing harder, he rolled so his front was pressed against her back. "Are you sure you're well?"

If he wasn't so adorably concerned, she might have been annoyed. Ga Eul couldn't muster it. He had a right to be worried and was being far less overbearing than he probably wanted to be right now. "The baby is fine—"

"I didn't ask about the baby," he interrupted. "If there was any concern at all for him, you would not be so calm."

Ga Eul laughed despite the tension. "I forget sometimes how astute you are sometimes." It was entirely true what he said; she couldn't find a single flaw in his logic. "It's odd. I don't feel guilty about what I did. I feel guilty that I don't feel more guilty."

"Mmm, I remember that feeling well. I'm sorry to say, it doesn't ever go away."

There was a sadness to his expression that hit her right in the chest. "I'm sorry, Song Woo Bin."

His eyebrow ticked upward. "You have nothing to be sorry for. I should be the one groveling for your forgiveness. It's because of me that you are caught up in all of this. If you weren't my wife, if you weren't carrying my child, you'd be removed from all this. You'd be living a quiet life, working at the school—which you love—and finding a man who deserves your sweetness. I often wonder if perhaps you'd be happier if you'd never met me."

A scoff was her reply. "If I never met you I wouldn't ever be happy. You're my soulmate, Woo Bin. I knew it from the moment you took me fishing on our first date." She wasn't sure she'd ever confessed this to him, despite how close they had become over the last few months. "You cared enough to ask Geum Jan Di about what I might like. You went to So Yi Jung even though it probably hurt your pride. Selflessly you wanted to make me happy."

"I wanted to marry you that night. I set my mind to claim you at all costs." Ga Eul's reached out to check his forehead for a fever; he grabbed her hand, kissing each of her fingers. "It wasn't so romantic then, I promise. I made a deal with my father if I married and gave him a grandchild that he'd hand over the Song family to me. You were right there waiting for me."

A few weeks ago such news would've shattered her. She'd have been driven to the brink of insanity at the fear he didn't really love her. But he did. She believed it with ever fiber of her being; their love was the only thing she believed in anymore. "It was the same for me. I was suspended in time, waiting for something to shake me awake. Fate is a funny thing."

Woo Bin smoothed her hair. "You're more than I could ever have asked for. I don't want this to be the reason it all falls apart and we are left being miserable." He swallowed hard. "We're in this together. I bear my share of the blame, Ga Eul. If I had protected you better—"

"Shh," she pressed a finger to his lips. "Tonight, I may not sleep but I just want to lay here and listen to your breath and the sound of the wind outside. This is my safe space." Threading her fingers through his, she held tight.

"Tonight and every night. I'll be your shelter in the storm, I'll make that promise to you."

It seemed unreasonable that she would feel so comfortable after such an unsettling day. And yet, the tension began to ease. Song Woo Bin shifted so they were snuggled side by side. The scent of his skin and the freshness of the sheets replaced the stench of death that permeated her senses. Although she could still see the corpses when she closed her eyes, the weight of her husband's hand against her pregnant belly reminded her of why she'd made that sacrifice.

Against all odds, sleep did come that night. When she woke again in the light of day, her husband still pressed against her side, there was a new sense of clarity.

Being Mistress Song was more than running the household, planning elegant events, and standing idly at her husband's side. Instead, she would take action. Once she was refreshed and dressed, she arranged her hair up off her neck and pinned it so it wouldn't fall out of place.

When Woo Bin awoke, she made sure breakfast was on the table. "You look beautiful this morning," he remarked, smiling into his coffee. "Well rested, too."

"Mm, well," she folded her hands, "I've made some decisions."

"Oh?"

Ga Eul inclined her head. "Jan Di-ya needs to return to Seoul for her next set of classes at Shinhwa University. I'd like to invite Gu Jun Pyo and Yoo Ji Hoo to come with her. They should stay here, under our protection." She swallowed hard. "Starting today, I won't be left out of the family business anymore." Song Woo Bin started to open his mouth but she held up her hand to silence him. "I've more than proven my loyalty and my worth."

He was quiet for a beat. "Are you finished?"

"Yes."

"Good." He pushed up from the table and reached for his leather gloves. "Have you had enough to eat?"

Shock flooded her. "Really? It's that easy?"

Woo Bin folded his arms across his chest. "Would you like me to argue with you a bit more? Perhaps I should pitch a fit? Tell me how you'd like me to protest, Eomma, and I'll do it."

Eomma, She fought a smile. "No, this is fine."

Laughing softly, he inclined his head. "Alright then. Our first meeting is in an hour. Make sure you dress warmly and being your scarf. It's cold. I'll meet you at the car shortly."

"Alright." Ga Eul hurried to get ready—worried that if she took too much time Woo Bin would find an excuse to leave without her. Instead, he waited for her on the front steps and opened up the car door for her. Before she slipped in, she gave him a swift kiss on the lips. "Thank you."

Song Woo Bin settled in the seat beside her, his chin resting against his fist. He gazed over at her once before he gave the chauffer the signal to drive. "Don't thank me for ruining your life."

She smiled a little wider. "I'm thanking you for giving me my life." That assertion seemed to startle him. Ga Eul grasped his hand. "Don't regret choosing me."

"You have never been a regret. Loving you so much, dragging you into all this, failing to keep you safe—my sins are numerous. All I can do now is my best." He went back to staring out the window. "And I will."

never "I will too." She clenched her fist. " Pai ting ."

Pai ting He turned to stare out the window again. Seeing her husband so pensive made Ga Eul normally would've worried but in this case, he was showing real commitment to their life, their family, and their relationship. It mattered more now that they were united on every front. There was no doubt in her mind the worst was yet to come.





Chapter Fifteen: Nearer than Heaven





Having most of F4 back in Seoul was somewhat overwhelming. It wasn't just sharing a space but the fact that they were each deeply ingrained in Song Woo Bin's life and his marriage in one way or another.

Jan Di was the least of his problems; she was only around sporadically due to her classes and residency requirements. That wasn't to say her voice wasn't heard loud and clear—it was Ji Hoo speaking her words. Gu Jun Pyo weighed in without any direction from his wife and had not been shy about offering his thoughts and criticisms.

Worst of all, Chu Ga Eul seemed fine. She had made the right decision in putting down his grandmother and her rogue faction. If she hadn't, he sure as hell would have. The crone had plotted against their family, intended to kill their child, and nearly murdered one of their best friends. Song Woo Bin didn't blame her. He would've completed the act without remorse...

he He hadn't expected his wife would be able to do the same.

Her tinkling laughter across the breakfast table gave Woo Bin goosebumps.

She looked natural settled beside Gu Jun Pyo. She'd gripped his hand and brought it to the spot where the baby was kicking. " Wow , my nephew is strong." The Shinhwa heir glanced up at Song Woo Bin. "You must have saved the universe in a past lifetime. How else could you be so lucky?"

Wow "I suppose it must be true," he hummed, noncommittal.

It wasn't that he disagreed. He was indeed the luckiest man alive to be married to a woman he deeply loved and on the verge of fatherhood. It should've been simple; instead, his status and his family made it impossibly complicated.

Jun Pyo looked a little too cozy sitting beside Ga Eul. Woo Bin closed the distance between them, standing behind her chair and wrapping his arms around his wife. "If you wish for a child so much, I suggest propositioning your wife instead of bothering mine."

Ji Hoo snorted into his tea.

"As if I haven't been trying!" The taller man huffed. "Jan Di won't hear of it until she graduates. At this rate I'll be an old man by the time I have a child." He shook his head, forlorn.

"Don't worry," Ga Eul soothed, "Everything will happen in due time." She kissed Woo Bin on the cheek. "Besides, once she sees how adorable this child is, I doubt she'll be able to resist."

Jun Pyo sat up straighter. "Really? You think so?" Ga Eul's affirmative nod soothed him immediately and he went back to eating his breakfast. In true chaebol form, he found yet another way to be agitating. "So, then, when is the celebration then? You didn't have a proper announcement party, you should at least throw the baby shower of the millennium."

chaebol Woo Bin settled his hands on Ga Eul's shoulders. "After we lost so much family in that terrible fire, it didn't feel right to have a party." He could feel her tense beneath his hands. "It hasn't been that long. We need to be sensitive."

"Besides, I don't need anything like that," she replied sternly. "I think we should celebrate just between us. F4, Geum Jan-Di, and Ha Jae-kyung."

"Why would you invite Monkey?" Jun Pyo huffed. "Don't you remember everything she put you through at Jan Di's bachelorette party?"

"Looking back now I'm certain it was my own insecurity that upset me. My husband and I love each other dearly. I was overreacting." Ga Eul soothed. "Besides, she is a major reason we are here today. You're married to your love because she gave you up. Song Woo Bin and I were able to be honest with each other because of her actions. Leaving her out because of old grudges seems petty."



There was a time when Song Woo Bin would've gone along with anything Jun Pyo said or did. He was their leader elect and the one they all looked to for direction. Now, though, it was Ga Eul who was his guiding light. "I agree. She should come."

The Shinhwa heir stood to his full height. "Well, then, leave it to me."

Woo Bin blinked. "What?"

"If Chu Ga Eul can plan my wedding, why shouldn't I plan her baby shower?" He looked so determined, no one dared argue with him. With a sharp nod of his head, he turned and headed for the back of the house. Ji Hoo didn't waste a moment in following his patient to ensure he wouldn't overexert himself in the process of planning.

Ga Eul's lips curved upward into a smile. "I don't think I'd believe it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes. Gu Jun Pyo's a hopeless romantic at heart."

"At least one of them is."

She barely stifled a laugh. "I should defend my best friend's honor but I can't argue. Jan Di is rational. She calculates all the variables, all the risks. If not for his persistence, I can't imagine they'd be as happy as they are now." Ga Eul pushed herself away from the table, bracing a hand against her back. "Keep an eye on them, will you?"

Woo Bin followed her through the hall. "Where are you going?"

"I have a meeting with the Kims." She checked her makeup in the mirror before she turned, facing him head on. "Mikhail will be joining me. There's no need for concern."

He clenched his fist in response. "Since when do you take meetings without me? I am the head of the family, am I not?"

Her sweet smile did nothing to comfort the raging in his soul. "This isn't about business. Janghwa's father is trying to force her to marry one of the Nah Brothers. She's asked me to intercede on her behalf. I know you've had your differences with her but I feel I owe her this much."

"Chu Ga Eul, you cannot interfere in the matters of other families!" It felt as if a knife had pierced his heart. "Don't forget what I told you before—you are an extension of me. Your will becomes my will. If you make a demand of the Kim family, the Song family power is behind it. Well intentioned or not, this is a deeply a political move. There are no two ways around it!"

my "You would condone her being wedded to a man nearly twice her age? Why shouldn't we make a deeply political move?" There was familiar stubbornness in his wife now; an inhuman strength reared its ugly head when she was truly serious about something. There would be no arguing with her on the subject.

"Alright."

"Song Woo Bin," Ga Eul faltered when she realized he'd capitulated. "I didn't get the chance to say my piece. I had quite an argument prepared." She frowned at him. "I know this isn't a simple issue but I can't stand back and watch a girl suffer because of who her family is."

The depth of his love for this woman flooded him with warmth. "This is obviously important to you. So, I will go. If they are insistent on making a match for her, Do-Won could use a strong female influence in his life. I'm certain it would make Master Kim incredibly happy to have her married into the Song family—even if he is a distant cousin."

When she leaned in, he could smell the sweetness of her shampoo and the earthiness of her skin. "Have I mentioned today that I love you?"

"Only a dozen times or so."

"Oh dear, so few?" She stood on her tiptoes to press a tender kiss to his lips. "Forgive me?"

He gathered her up into his arms. "Every single time." The soft look in her eyes melted him completely. To think that F4's Don Juan would melt into a puddle with just a soft token of affection from his wife. He had gone soft, for sure, and yet he couldn't bring himself to put up walls again. Ga Eul kept him grounded and yet it felt like his heart would soar out of his chest at the very sight of her.



She made sure they were both warmly dressed before tugging him toward the car. It struck him as somewhat funny that she had access to all of his sports cars, SUVs, and luxury vehicles and yet she preferred her simple black sedan. She'd told him once that it had as much sentimental value as his mother's rings on her finger, because the late Master Song had thought of her when he'd bought this car.

Song Woo Bin dismissed the bodyguards who flanked his wife with a flick of his wrist. He settled into the passenger seat, buckling in before they started on their way.

Ga Eul hummed. "You're being very agreeable today. It's suspicious." She glanced over at him while they were stopped at a red light. "What's your true motive?"

He couldn't hold back a snort. "I don't have a motive. You're going to give me a complex." Shaking his head, he tapped a finger on his chin. "Perhaps I shouldn't be sweet to you going forward?"

"It's not that I don't like it, I'm just not used to it."

"Ouch," he clutched at his chest, "You're killing me, Eomma !"

Eomma She gripped the steering wheel a little tighter. "That's not what I meant." She chewed her bottom lip. "You were sweet on our first date but I was unsure of it. I thought perhaps you wanted something more than I was willing to give. And then when you courted me, I could feel your heart in mine. And now..."

When she trailed off Song Woo Bin wondered if she'd lost her nerve. One look at her face and his stomach seized. "You can say it. I've been a bad husband."

Ga Eul startled. "No! Not at all, you've been wonderful to me. I was just unsure at first. I've never been a wife before. I wasn't sure my place." Sunlight streamed through the window, illuminating her as she smiled. "I think you were struggling too, in a different way. It would've been easy to give in and let go, but instead we grew stronger."

"Jan Di told me once that relationships ebb and flow. I know what she means," he added. He couldn't argue with her assessment of the situation by any means. Reaching out, he grasped her hand. "I won't let anyone or anything come between us again."

The expression on her face was one of sheer bliss. It occurred to him that when she was truly happy he could read her mind. She radiated with her happiness, infecting everyone she came into contact with. What would have been a chilly reception at the Kim household soon turned into a pleasant afternoon affair; their hosts bent over backwards to make them comfortable.

Song Woo Bin sat back and let his wife do all the talking. She spoke plainly without being insulting; she was respectful and somehow forceful at the same time. Within a few hours, Master Kim had fully reversed his decision on marrying his daughter into the Nah family and was pleased as anything at the opportunity to join ranks with them.

Surprisingly, the alliance opened up new avenues for business too. The Kims weren't just the second strongest crime family in Seoul; they also owned a number of buildings, held contracts in everything from gold mining to pharmaceuticals, and had connections in numerous places Song Woo Bin had never known. Being in their favor made both families stronger.

It was late in the evening before they got back home. She looked so soft and sweet, wrapped up a blanket on her side of the bed. He settled beside her and in an instant her head lolled onto his shoulder. "What do you want for Christmas?"

"Christmas is three days away and you haven't started shopping?" She could hardly stifle her laughter. "I don't need anything, Song Woo Bin. I have you."

"This is our first Christmas and it should be special." He'd all but given up trying to find a gift as perfect as she was; such a thing couldn't exist in this world. Still, he'd try with all his might. "Leave it to me."

"I should leave it to the man who left all of his shopping to the last minute?" She teased. "I think that's something you should have come up with several weeks ago."

"I'm asking you to trust me anyway."

Ga Eul smiled knowingly. Gingerly, he rubbed her back until she fell asleep. He, on the other hand, wouldn't rest until he'd resolved this issue. Perhaps with the deadline looming over his head he could finally be successful; there was something to be said for motivation by procrastination.

Stepping out into the hall, Song Woo Bin found himself face to face with F4 and he smiled. Suddenly, having the group of them under one roof wasn't so burdensome. Now with the addition of Yi Jung, it felt complete. "When did you get in?"

"I only just arrived," his best friend offered. "I'd hoped to make it before Ga Eul went to bed, but my flight was delayed." Tucking his hands into the pockets of his jeans, he smiled. "What do you say we order some food and drink like the old days?"

Woo Bin nodded eagerly. Ji Hoo and Jun Pyo were all too happy to join in. F4 lounging in the living room while drinking soju and eating chicken, it really was like being back to their school days. Laughing and reminiscing was bittersweet. In some ways, they were the same as they had always been; in many others, they were irrevocably changed.

Ji Hoo exhaled into his beer. "Look at us. Gu Jun Pyo's the head of Shinhwa group. Song Woo Bin is the head of his family. So Yi Jung has an incredible new collection garnering attention. I've earned my medical degree. Are we really grown up now?"

Gu Jun Pyo snorted. "I think if you still have to ask, you aren't." He tipped back a glass of soju, shuddering at the bitter sting. "Doctor, CEO, Art Prodigy, Mafia Boss—we are all so strong in our way and yet we can't bear to be parted from one another. After all this time, we long to be together. I think we should make a pact to stay this close forever."

"How much have you had to drink?" Woo Bin swiped the bottle from his hand, finding only a sip gone. "Jun Pyo—"

"Death put things into perspective," he interrupted, plucking the bottle back and taking a swig. "They say your life flashes before your eyes. It wasn't like that for me. There was nothing but darkness." Nervous fingers picked at the label on the bottle, tearing pieces off and rolling them up. "I want to live every single day, reveling in the joy, feeling every ounce of the pain, basking in triumph, and growing from failure."

Woo Bin's heart slammed against his ribcage. The words were strong, yes, but the sentiment behind them touched him deeper. He reached out, palm to shoulder. "I will do better too." Ji Hoo and YI Jung echoed his sentiments.

"This is a very sappy scene," Jan Di called from the doorway. The circles beneath her eyes were dark and deep; her clothes were rumpled from being shoved into a locker at the hospital. And yet, she was still standing. Closing the distance between herself and her husband, she folded him into her arms. "This man. I fear he might have damaged his brain after all."

Jun Pyo scoffed. "It's you who's addled. Why else would you put yourself through this?" He shook his head. "You are married to the richest man in Korea or have you forgotten that?"

He smiled watching the two of them bicker with one another; there was something comforting in their consistency. Ga Eul was much the same, constant in her affection, never wavering in her resolve. She kept him grounded.

In that very moment, he knew exactly what it was he would get his wife for Christmas. Standing to his full height, Song Woo Bin clasped his hands together. "I am going to need your help. Each of you." It wasn't going to be easy but with F4 and Jan Di at his side, he could accomplish it all. He smiled wickedly. "Okay, here's the plan..."





Chapter Sixteen: Serendipity





When the clock struck midnight it would mean Christmas had officially come.

Woo Bin had learned much about Western customs in his youth and his favorite centered on the Yuletide season. There was a massive tree in the sitting room adorned with gleaming glass ornaments; lights had been strung around the house and brightened the world around them. Having a lovely scene like this with her husband and family was something she'd always wished for all her life. The reality was not a disappointment by any means. Her current state, on the other hand, felt like one.

Ga Eul wasn't sure the last time she'd slept.

The exhaustion came in waves these days. Sometimes she'd nod off and wake up a few hours later, cold sweat dripping down her back. Other times she watched the shadows on the ceiling until her eyes burned. She'd open them to find it light out again. Even as she struggled, she hid it from her husband diligently. He had enough on his plate without worrying about her. There was one person she couldn't fool, though.

Geum Jan Di.

"Come talk with me a while," she'd said mildly, though there was something in her voice and posture that told Chu Ga Eul that this wasn't optional. It almost never was when it came to her best friend. Although she had softened somewhat over the years, there was an edge to her that would remain razor sharp.

Wrapping her sweater tighter around herself, Ga Eul followed her into the sitting room.

Jan Di folded her hands. "Do you remember when you told me me you'd guard your heart?" Her lips curved downward into a frown. "I'm afraid you've broken that promise." She sighed heavily. "Worse, I've been ignoring it all this time. What kind of friend have I been to you?"

Her heart sank like a stone. "Jan Di- ya , don't say that."

ya "Oh? And why haven't you come to me then?" She demanded, desperately.

"I'm sorry," Ga Eul whispered. "I can't share everything. They're not my secrets to tell. Song Woo Bin—"

"I think you forget sometimes I've known him for longer than you have," Jan Di interrupted. "I should've realized it sooner but now I truly know everything. About the family, about what they've done...about what you've done."

you've Chu Ga Eul's spine went rigid. Her mouth had suddenly gone dry and her teeth ached from clenching them. Even though her discomfort grew with each passing heartbeat, she pushed forward. "I'm not sure what you mean."

"Song Woo Bin told me everything."

Her head snapped up. "A-all of it?"

Jan Di leaned in, wrapping her in a tight embrace. "I know the attack on Jun Pyo at our wedding was an attempt on your life. I know that the perpetrator was Song Woo Bin's grandmother and her shady associates vying for power that didn't belong to them. I know she attempted to finish what she started and you were forced to protect yourself using deadly forcing." Her expression changed then. "I deeply apologize for being so caught up with my self. I didn't realize how much you were hurting. I'm so sorry, Chu Ga Eul."

A sob broke free of her, not in pain or in fear, but in blessed relief. Ga Eul covered her mouth with her hand≥ "I don't know where I begin. I've been trying so hard to hide it all."

Geum Jan Di stroked Ga Eul's hair gingerly, whispering words of comfort. "You don't have to hide anything anymore."

It was all so overwhelming she could hardly believe it. "He really told you...?"

"Mmhm," her best friend hummed, "Not just me but F4 too. You won't need to hide anymore." She reached out and brushed away a tear that slid down Ga Eul's face. "I can't imagine what it must have been like for you to have to hold all of that back."



Truly, Ga Eul hadn't realized the burden until it had been taken from her. "I love my husband with all my heart. Some days that's all that gotten me through some days." She exhaled shakily, "But why would he do this? This puts him at risk. The business..."

Jan Di shrugged in reply. "Perhaps he felt the risk of losing you was greater?"

"I'd never leave him—"

"No, not in that way. To watch you suffering for the rest of your lives, well, I'm not sure I could do it." She smiled then. "I take back everything I ever said about you and Woo Bin, I want you to know that. I regret being so adamantly against you. It felt sudden to me when you fell into his arms and became his bride. I didn't realize he loved you. I was only blinded by the past. I hope you can forgive me."

"Jan Di- ya , there's nothing to forgive." Though her tears had slowed, she feared they would not be banished so quickly. "There are so many things I want to tell you, so much I want to confess. I just..." She glanced toward the doorway.

ya "We have so much time. You need to find your husband, I understand." She grinned. "Besides, my little niece needs plenty of rest to grow big and strong. Tomorrow?"

Ga Eul stood, hugging her friend once more. "Thank you."

"Go and thank your husband."

That's exactly what she needed to do.

Excusing herself from the room, Ga Eul hurried up the stairs and to her bedroom with renewed vigor. Woo Bin was sleeping soundly but it didn't stop her. Hopping up onto the bed, she brushed dark hair away from his forehead and proceeded to kiss him awake.

Her husband grunted and rolled onto his back, wrapping his arm around her in the process. "Merry Christmas."

"Merry Christmas," she murmured in between peppering his face and mouth with kisses.

Woo Bin beamed. "You like your gift?" He smirked. "I can't take any credit for it, you know. It was all your idea."

"That can't be true as I had no idea this is exactly what I wanted."

"For months you begged me for honesty, to be part of my life, to be a real family. How can you say you didn't know?" He gazed at her earnestly.

Ga Eul was momentarily struck dumb. "Well, yes, but you're my husband...that's the way it should be."

"Jan Di and F4 are as much family. I've realized in these last few months how much that means." He paused then, his expression growing somber. "I've always seen the destruction that can occur when it all goes sour. I won't let that happen. Not to us, not to our child, not to anyone we love." His arm tightened around her and she settled down, resting against his chest. "What's wrong?"

anyone "I'm embarrassed now by the measly trinkets I got you..."

He laughed and she could feel his chest rumble against her ear. " Eomma , you've given me your heart, a child, your life. There's absolutely else on Earth I could possibly ask for from you. You've offered every part of yourself to me so willingly. I don't need anything else."

Eomma Woo Bin pressed a kiss to her forehead and cradled her tighter against him, "When you put it that way, I suppose I don't feel so bad."

He rested his chin atop her head. "You need your rest. Quiet now, I can still hear you thinking. I love you."

"I'll finally rest well tonight. I love you, too." She believed it with every fiber of her being. Peace of mind was the sweetest of gifts. When she closed her eyes, she drifted off into a blissful rest where she didn't see Grandma Song's broken body nor her friends turning away from her in horror and fear. She didn't cry from the isolation or mourn for the solitude. For the first time in a long time, Chu Ga Eul was relaxed and happy.



It was a silent, holy night, indeed.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Song Woo Bin stood back, admiring the aftermath of the holiday. With the exception of Yi Jung—who was still acclimating to another time zone—they all slept late. Brunch had been served and savored before they adjourned to the sitting room. Opening gifts was an afterthought, but an enjoyable one nonetheless.

In true Ga Eul fashion she had spent virtually nothing to get him the most perfect presents a man could ever ask for. She'd preserved the first ultrasound picture of their child placing it beside the one from their most recent appointment in a gorgeous frame. In addition, she'd found all of his mother's most prized photos and possessions being stored either in the closet or cellar. She'd created a lovely album of the Song Family history that brought tears to his eyes. He truly wished his father had been here to see it...

He'd purchased a lot of chocolates from the fancy French shop she'd always admired and a tasteful diamond necklace and earring set she could wear on any occasion. When he clasped it around her neck, she blushed and pecked him on the cheek. She was radiating happiness. For the first time in a very long time, she was totally relaxed. She laughed easily, the way she always had before he'd stepped into her life.

Song Woo Bin finally felt like he could breathe again.

Yi Jung settled himself beside him on the couch, handing out a silver and white bag. "There's one more for you." When he smiled, his dimples showed—it was how Woo Bin knew it was genuine. "I saw it in the airport and couldn't resist."

Inside the package was a black onesie proclaiming 'I love my Appa' in English; it was one of the most adorable things Woo Bin had ever seen. He slung his arm around his best friend, pulling him close. "It's perfect. Thank you, Grandpa Santa." He could hardly believe in just a few weeks he'd have a child who would fit in this tiny garment.

'I love my Appa' "Things seem to be well settled here," He glanced down at his hands. "I've been working endlessly with the specialist and my exhibit in Sweden went quite well. I think it's finally time to stop running away..."

To hear the words from Yi Jung's own lips filled Woo Bin with hope. "Are you coming home?"

His best friend nodded. "It's not just my work. I have a responsibility to my family." He glanced around the room, lips tipped upward into a smile. "I don't mean my mother or father, but to you and Ga Eul, Jun Pyo and Jan Di, and Ji Hoo. You've reminded me of my duty. More than that, I've realized how much I've missed you all."

Woo Bin beamed. "I've missed you too, more than you know. That's not to say you made the wrong choice going to Sweden. I think you've grown so much, Yi Jung. I'm proud of the man you've become."

"That sounds exactly like something your father would've said." He smiled so brightly, if only for a moment. "I had to deal with my family issues and problems with alcohol. It wasn't easy, by any means, and I backslid so many times. I think the worst of it was when you came to Sweden."



Song Woo Bin followed Yi Jung's gaze to where Ga Eul was seated between Ji Hoo and Jun Pyo. He didn't say anything at first, too afraid that this would be moment that his best friend admitted what was truly in his heart.

"You were right."

"About what?"

"You're Chu Ga Eul's soulmate," he exhaled heavily. "There was a time I thought it was me. I thought we loved each other and I was protecting her by putting distance between the two of us. One part of me even resented you for 'stealing' her from me." Yi Jung scoffed. "How ridiculous. I never had her in the first place. Even if it had, it wouldn't have amounted to anything."

Holding back a sigh of relief proved harder than Woo Bin could manage. "I know you felt affection for her."

"Affection, yes— I feel the same for Geum Jan Di. It wasn't love. I'll freely admit I wondered if it could have been. Seeing you now, any such relationship would've ended in disaster for both of us—just like my parents." Yi Jung shuddered and returned to staring down at his hands. "I won't return to the So Estate. I've already rented space at the community center so I'll have access to the kiln. My brother's invited me to stay with him and his wife. I think it's time we put the past behind us."

"You have a home here as well, Yi Jung. My door is always open."

Yi Jung smiled. "I need to repair my relationship with So Il-hyun and with Eun Jae."

Woo Bin couldn't stifle the look of surprise on his face. "Eun Jae?"

His friend smiled then. "Il Hyun has been with her for eight years now. They've been married for six. Believe me, I was just as shattered to learn of that news as well. But just as with Ga Eul, I realized I need to stop thinking that any woman I become close to should be the one I fall in love with." Yi Jung paused then. "I want to find a woman I can truly be myself with—someone who can love me with all my flaws. I'm still not sure I believe in soulmates but I think I'm ready to try."

This really was a Christmas miracle. Song Woo Bin nodded eagerly. "The maturity you've shown is a sure sign you're ready. I believe you'll find what you're looking for. You deserve to be happy."

Yi Jung snorted. "You really have embraced fatherhood."

"I heard it as soon as I said it..."

"It's not bad. It's just different." The two of them laughed quietly together. "Your support means a lot to me, I hope you know. And having F4 back in Seoul will be good for all of us."

Woo Bin nodded. "Even Jun Pyo is shifting the core Shinhwa business to Korea. Ji Hoo will reopen his grandfather's clinic and as soon as Jan Di graduates she'll join him there." It was truly all coming together for them. "I suppose that means I'll have to do my part as well."

Yi Jung gazed at him curiously. "Oh?"

The corner of his mouth tipped up. "I promised my father I'd bring the Song Empire to new heights. For so long we've been reactive in our approach. If someone comes to us, we respond in kind. Going forward, Ga Eul and I are going to foster new avenues of collaboration and commerce. In ten years I don't want to have to worry about who is coming for my family next. This new alliance with the Kims will open so many doors."

"What does that mean?"

He folded his hands behind his head and leaned back. "We're going legit, bro . It's not going to be easy and it's going to get worse before it gets better, but my family is worth it."

bro The So heir's fearful face said everything.

Still, Song Woo Bin would not back down. He knew what he had to do. Violence, mayhem, destruction, and fear were lurking around the corner but his will was greater. Ga Eul moved beside him, settling her head against his shoulder. He placed his palm over her belly, gathering his strength from her.

He'd need it for what was to come.

"Could we visit the graves?" She murmured quietly into his ear. "I miss Master Song quite a lot today."

His heart ached with how much he loved her. "Of course." They slipped away from the group and bundled up. It was frigid out but having her beside him made it all bearable. The drive wasn't long and they were the only two people there today, amidst so many souls.

Woo Bin hugged her close to him, his tears leaving hot trails down his cheeks. Ga Eul squeezed him tighter. Snow drifted down lazily, catching in her hair and eyelashes as they huddled together. There was no need for words anymore; everything that needed to be said was expressed in tender touches and stolen kisses. He'd promised his father their legacy would live on, that he'd bring their empire to new heights, and with the New Year looming it was time to make a move. It was time to strike while the iron was hot.

"Let's go home."

Ga Eul held tight to hold him still. "Just a few more minutes."

"Of course." It was the least of what he would do for her. He'd walk through the gates of Hell, take a bullet, and burn the world to the ground all for her. With her influence, he realized he'd would so much more than that: he'd become a better man, a good husband and father, and he'd love without boundary.

In the hazy afternoon sunshine, Song Woo Bin smiled.





Chapter Seventeen: Standing Still





In the blink of an eye Seollal came and went, putting Ga Eul on the precipice of a new trimester and the Song Family into a brand new era.

Woo Bin had worked tirelessly in the month between Christmas and the New Year getting their affairs in order. He'd founded a new security company with the backing of Shinhwa group. His bodyguards, bounty hunters, and assassins had been registered, legitimized, and were now being paid salaries and benefits. He had anticipated many would balk at the stringency of their new positions but he found that the majority of them were pleased. They now had a business to which they belonged, no longer forced to skirt around the issue of them being thugs for hire.

Somehow straightening out the construction business was harder, despite the fact that it had always been legally registered. A full three weeks were needed just to figure out which projects were above board and which he needed to sever ties with. Ga Eul had been very helpful in that regard; her attention to detail was incredible. Without her assistance this never would have been possible.

Unfortunately, these changes to their business meant Woo Bin had to travel quite a bit. Although Ga Eul was doing quite well and breezing through her pregnancy, he hated to leave her—almost as much as she hated him leaving her.

It was nearly two in the morning when he jogged up the steps to the house. He had not yet pushed the door fully open when her body connected with his. Song Woo Bin dropped everything he was holding and wrapped his arms around her.

"I missed you," she whimpered into his shoulder.

The smell of her cherry vanilla shampoo intoxicated him. Threading his fingers through the damp waves of her hair, he reveled in the taste of her. "Me too," he murmured. "What're you doing up?"

"I pestered Mikhail until he told me your flight information. I was going to go to the airport and pick you up but somehow you're already here."

Song Woo Bin wished he could frown sternly at her—she needed her rest, especially as she was growing their unborn child—but she was so cute he couldn't help himself. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders. "I couldn't stand being away from you a moment longer than was necessary. As soon as the meeting was finished I hopped the first flight I could find."

Ga Eul leaned against his chest and he led her into the sitting room. He plopped down on the couch, tugging her into his lap. "How are you? How's our little one?" His palm splayed out over her tummy, a silly grin on his face when their child kicked within her. "I think he's going to be a star footballer, just like his Appa ."

Appa "Mm," she hummed, "That's a strong possibility. It could be a girl, though. Would you be disappointed?"

His eyebrows flew up in surprise. "Of course not. Boy or girl, I'll be overjoyed. It doesn't matter to me. It never did." Feeling her relax against him brought him a sense of peace.

It hadn't been more than a few days since they were away from one another but Woo Bin ached for her. She gingerly stroked his hair, occasionally brushing her thumb against his cheek. The love he felt for her enveloped him, dragging him closer to him with every breath. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he leaned against her side. "We're so close now. Once Do Won is married to Kim Janghwa, we'll be in the clear." A sigh rumbled in his chest.

"What's wrong?" She pressed.

"I feel like I'm selling my cousin for our freedom." He frowned harder. "There aren't many Songs left. Do Won, my cousin from Busan, Hyun-Ki is a Lim, not a Song by name..."

"I might be inclined to agree with you except Do Won and Janghwa have really hit it off." Ga Eul chuckled softly. "The first time they met it was an all out screaming match."



Song Woo Bin scoffed. "That's hitting it off?"

"You live with Gu Jun Pyo and Geum Jan Di and you think that isn't good news? I'd be far more worried if they were awkward and silent." She giggled, "The second time, they were so engaged in one upping each other, they ended up flirting quite a bit. Kim Janghwa knows how to push a man's buttons."

"You can say that again."

Ga Eul was suspiciously silent for a minute. "Did you and she ever—"

"No!" He scoffed. "I wouldn't touch the Kim heiress with a ten foot pole!"

"So you would have if she wasn't?"

Song Woo Bin assessed her carefully. "Are you choosing to become a jealous wife now?"

"I was always a jealous wife, my love," she smirked. Leaning in, she pecked him on the lips. "I'm curious. We never really talked about it. You have such vast experience, I worry I'm not enough to satisfy you. Especially as I am now—"

This time, he did get up. His wife settled back on the couch and he sat on his knees in front of her. "Chu Ga Eul." he groaned, "I'll surely die of a broken heart if you think I'd cheat on you." Her silence spoke volumes. "You are the only woman I have ever loved. Yes, perhaps I was callous and careless in my youth; I realize that youth extended much longer than I'd care to admit. I couldn't have imagined settling down and wanting a family because you weren't a part of my life yet."

ever Ga Eul tightened her grasp on him. "Wasn't I, though?"

He narrowed his eyes. "Were you?"

"I asked you first."

Song Woo Bin laughed, but it wasn't a happy sound. "You might have been there but I wasn't man enough to see you or realize how much you could mean to me." He brushed a strand of dark hair from her cheek. "Do you remember our trip to New Caledonia?"

Her cheeks flushed. "How could I forget? You were standing inches away from me greeting that... woman . You were hardly arm's length away from her the whole trip."

woman He had to admit, her jealously was adorable. "Do you remember her name?"

Ga Eul paused. "Well, no."

"Neither do I." Seeing her smile was worth it. "I thought you were much prettier than her, you know."

"Oh stop, she was wearing zero clothes and was hanging all over you. I doubt you even saw me," she scoffed.

"That is not true. You were so pretty with your sunhat and your modest clothing. You have always been so beautiful in my eyes." Woo Bin licked his lips. "I'm sure you didn't notice me either. You were pretty focused on So Yi Jung." He narrowed his eyes. "I'm jealous too, you know. Had we not been so blind we would've had so many more years together."

not Her cheeks flushed. "I suppose there's no use dwelling in the past."

Song Woo Bin stood up. "That's what I was hoping you'd say." He held out a hand to her. "I'm not the same person and you're not either. Besides, we have the rest of our lives to make up for lost time." Helping her up off the couch, he stifled a yawn. "Are you hungry?"

"It's the middle of the night." She chewed her bottom lip, "Yes."

"Okay," he chuckled. "I'm going to make us some ramen."

Ga Eul followed him into the kitchen, leaning up against the kitchen island. "I didn't know you could cook."

He snorted. "I don't think making ramen counts as cooking, Eomma ." With the water set to boil, he opened up the fridge to grab out a carton of eggs and a jar of kimchi. "I don't have many memories of my parents together, you know. One of the fondest I have is of sneaking downstairs and seeing my parents eating ramen together. They were laughing and my father was chasing her around the kitchen trying to steal a kiss. I watched them for a long time—so long that I must've fallen asleep. I woke up wrapped up in a blanket on my parents' bed." He cleared his throat of the emotion gathering there. "My mother died a few weeks later."

Eomma

Her arms wrapped around his waist and she hugged him from behind. "I'm sorry, Song Woo Bin."

Covering her hands with his, he shook his head. "It's sad story, Ga Eul but it's a got a happy ending. This is all I've ever wanted." He added the noodles into the pot of water and set the fried eggs aside to cool. He turned to face her and pressed a kiss to the top of her head. "Because of what we've set in motion we have the chance to really live in a way my parents never could."

"That's because of your heard work. I don't deserve the credit."

" Bullshit ."

Bullshit Ga Eul startled. "Song Woo Bin!"

He cupped her cheek. "You deserve all the credit. I would never have tried to do this on my own. I wouldn't have cared. When you walked back into my life I was already lost in the depravity of it all. Don't you see? This is all because of you."

all Her smile dazzled him. She looked so young and carefree as she gazed up at him with love in her eyes. Standing on tiptoe, she pecked him on the lips before reaching over to pull the noodles off the stove so they wouldn't boil too much. "You must be exhausted from traveling. Go sit down, I'll bring the food over."

"Surprisingly, I feel invigorated just being with you." Still, he did as she asked. He loved how she fussed over him, making sure he had plenty of kimchi and the bigger serving of noodles. The conversation turned lighter as the Eastern sky began to lighten. "Have you thought of any baby names?"

"On an hourly basis," Ga Eul giggled. "Though I can't say as I've come up with anything I truly love. It's hard to consider naming this child without ever seeing him or her."

Woo Bin nodded. "Do you want to find out the sex of the child?"

She mulled it over for quite a while. "No, I don't think so. Wouldn't it be better to have a surprise?" She beamed. "Besides, the nursery is perfect for a boy or a girl. I think the only person who will be really disappointed is Gu Jun Pyo. He's taken the baby shower planning quite seriously."

He couldn't help but laugh at how accurate her statement was. "I'm sure he'll get over it... eventually ." Leaning back in his seat, he regarded his wife. "That does bring up an interesting point. This has been my house since I was a child and has been in my family for generations, I've always been comfortable here. I never asked you if this is where you want to live and raise our children."

eventually you "At first it didn't feel quite like home but now I can't imagine anywhere more perfect. I never thought my husband would really be..." She trailed off, somewhat uncomfortable.

"You never thought your husband would really be what?"

"Um, rich and handsome?"

Song Woo Bin had decided she had never been cuter than when embarrassed over admitting he was wealthy. "What did you imagine your dream man would be then? Don't all girls dream of marrying handsome, wealthy men?"

Ga Eul was blushing fiercely. He was enjoying this far too much. "I didn't imagine his status, only that he was a kind husband who loved me and was a good father. I suppose I got my dream man, didn't I?"

His heart swelled in his chest. "Mmm, perhaps you did. And you married one of F4, that's quite an accomplishment in itself."

"Oh, I know."

Woo Bin couldn't help but laugh and soon, Ga Eul joined in. "We should get some sleep before it gets too late, well, too early in this case."

She glanced over at the clock and shook her head. "I wish I could. I have to meet Kim Janghwa at the bridal shop in an hour."

"Why so early?" He groaned and followed her upstairs to the bedroom. "They can't be open then."

"They made a special exception for us because she has to go back to New York tomorrow. She's still got two classes to finish at NYU before she graduates. Her father insisted she has her degree before she settled down—though I don't believe for a second Janghwa would have stopped because of a marriage." She thumbed through her closet, picking out an outfit for the day while he flopped onto the bed. "The wedding is set for the first of May."

Woo Bin sat up again. "The baby's due in May."

baby's Laughing softly, she tugged the loose skirt up over her baby bump and pulled on a soft, billowy shirt. "Oh believe me, I know. Thankfully, I'm not due until the end of the month, though." She leaned over, kissing him swiftly. "It's really not about me, Song Woo Bin. It's about the bride and groom, and this will be the perfect time."

He didn't look so convinced. "I hope by then you'll have delegated all of the wedding prep and planning to someone else."

"By then everything will be done. I'm working hard to ensure it," she countered. "Do Won and Janghwa will be coming over later to pick a venue. You should join us, I think it'd be fun."

It didn't sound fun...but he remembered how he'd robbed her of planning their wedding and he nodded. "Yeah, sure."

"What? You mean it?"

Woo Bin hid his smile. "Yes, I mean it. I'll have the staff put together afternoon tea, okay?" He didn't finish talking before she tackled him in a hug. "Alright, alright!" He snuggled her close. "Drive safely, okay? And make sure Mikhail doesn't let you out of his sight for a second. Things are volatile right now."

Ga Eul kept nodding. "I promise." She slung her purse over her shoulder and headed for the door. "Love you!"

"I love you too!" He called after her, but she was already down the stairs. When he heard the front door close, Song Woo Bin collapsed against the pillows on the bed, eyes falling closed as if there were leaden weights attached to them. Finally he was home and this time, he vowed never to leave again.





Chapter Eighteen: Stand By Me





Chu Ga Eul got the distinct impression that she was going to be very well prepared for parenthood. Kim Janghwa had decided she didn't want to try on wedding dresses and had merely taken one off the rack and thrown it an associate. Unfortunately the one she had picked was horribly unflattering—bordering on obscene. When Ga Eul mentioned it, the younger woman dissolved into a tantrum in the middle of the store complete with flailing limbs and tears rolling down her cheeks.

It had taken nearly an hour just to get Janghwa back on her feet and strong-arm her into trying on a few more. When she finally found the perfect dress her mood improved a little bit, but her behavior was very trying. Do Won wasn't much better. He was trying to get out of wearing a tux and although was not quite as dramatic as his bride-to-be, had brought down the mood with his sullenness.

Exhausted—both mentally and physically—Ga Eul successfully herded both of them into the car and back to the Song Estate.

"I'm glad you're leaving tonight," the young man sniped at his fiancée as he chased her up the steps. "The less time I have to spend with you the better."

"Song Do Won," Ga Eul chastised.

Kim Janghwa's eyes were still red and puffy from crying, though she tried to hide it with bluster and bravado. She pushed her way into the house without waiting to be invited. "Excuse me, I need to use the restroom urgently."

The arrogant boy huffed at her. "Oh, that's so ladylike." She was already jogging down the hall, though it was obvious she'd heard him. When he turned, he came face to face with a very angry pregnant woman and choked on his next retort.

"Are you pleased with yourself?" She'd heard Song Woo Bin say before that Do Won had been terribly spoiled by his parents but was also very sheltered. He'd attended an all boys' school abroad for his education and clearly didn't have much experience with girls—especially not ones in Kim Janghwa's situation. "Take a seat."

He folded his arms across his chest and plopped down on the couch with a dramatic sigh. "I should have known you would take her side!"

Ga Eul settled herself across from him, folding her hands in her lap. She took several breaths to calm her nerves before she leveled him with a glare. "I am not taking sides, especially in this matter. However, I don't think you understand her position."

not " Her position!?" He replied, indignant. "What about me? I'm being forced to marry her!"

Her "Song Do Won, do you know anything about Kim Janghwa?" She tried, working hard to keep her voice level. When he just shrugged, she sat back. "She's finishing her graduate studies in computer engineering."

It didn't seem to faze him in the slightest. "So what?"

Reminding herself to stay steady, Ga Eul inclined her head. "Completing an advanced degree like this would be difficult for anyone but she's done so at an American university."

That got his attention and he shifted in his seat, gazing down the hall to where the bathroom door remained firmly closed. "So she's a genius or something? She sure doesn't present herself that way."

"Do you think that's the value her family puts on her, Do Won?"

His guard dropped a little more. "I'm sure her parents are proud of her."

Ga Eul nodded. "Yes, for marrying into the Song family. Her own personal achievements mean very little." She was walking a fine line of divulging too many secrets about Kim Janghwa that she'd shared in confidence, but she needed him to understand. "Your wife will obtain her degree but won't be in the US to enjoy graduation. She'll be a married woman under your dominion. Her father commands her and she's learned from a young age to obey him until her husband takes that position. She has every reason to fear you."

your

"I'm not a tyrant!"

"Perhaps you should tell her that?"

Do Won scrubbed his hand across his mouth. "Why? I don't have to explain myself to her. I don't want to marry her in the first place! This was all your doing!"

your Humming softly, she inclined her head. "Yes, I'll take the blame for it." She leaned back in her seat, letting him mull that over for a moment. "You weren't the first choice, you know." He looked like he was going to throw a fit. "Her father had begun making arrangements with the Nah brothers. He didn't care which one she married, as long as it was done as soon as posible."

The boy gagged. "Are you serious? The younger of them is nearly forty . But I would still hope she'd marry the elder brother, he's not as cruel." Do Won's hands were shaking, his dark eyes cast down at the carpet. "How could her father do something so horrible?"

forty "Kim Janghwa is their only daughter. She's a chess piece and she knows it. Still, she wanted more out of life and fought hard for it. I have to give her credit for that." Ga Eul's hand rested gingerly over her belly, still baffled at how any parent could do something like that to their child. It was why she needed to fight to protect Janghwa even now. "Even if you can't understand, at least be kind to her."

Kim Janghwa returned, this time with Woo Bin at her side. It was clear that she'd been crying but she pasted on a smile and sat herself as far away from her fiancé as humanly possible. If she noticed Do Won looking at her, she pretended not to notice. "You two look cozy," she proclaimed, wrapping her hands together. "Song Woo Bin, I've never seen you so happy."

Usually he was entirely too short with her, but Ga Eul had to give credit where credit was due. Her husband smiled politely and changed the subject. "How did the shopping go?"

"Very well. They're going to order everything and it'll be all set for the final fittings in April."

"Ha! That's what you think," Janghwa scoffed and reached over to grab some snacks that had had been out by the staff. "I'm going to get very fat so that stupid dress won't fit at all." She folded her arms. "You hear that, Do Won?"

The young man shifted in his seat again, running his palms across his thighs. "I heard."

She stared at him oddly before glancing over at Ga Eul with a puzzled expression on her face. "So, you don't care if your bride can't fit down the aisle?"

Woo Bin started to open his mouth but Chu Ga Eul grabbed him by the arm and silenced him with a look. He backed off immediately, without question or hesitation.

"You should do what you want to do," the groom replied, examining his fingernails instead of looking at her. "I'm not going to tell you. Not now and not after we're married."

want The silence in the room was beyond deafening. Kim Janghwa was staring hard at him, working up the courage to say something. Eventually, she stood up. "Excuse me, I need to go to the bathroom." She started to walk past Do Won but he grabbed her wrist, holding fast.

" Don't go cry again."

Don't "Is that an order?"

He cringed. "No, I just...I don't like it. I wasn't trying to make you upset this time."

Janghwa straightened her posture. "I'm not," she pressed, "I really do have to go to the bathroom. Okay?" She moved toward him, her dark hair falling like a curtain across her face as she leaned in close. "You can join me if you're concerned?"

" Kim Janghwa ," Ga Eul warned. The younger woman giggled and then dashed off down the hall. She glanced over at Woo Bin who looked very pleased. "I hope you rested well while I was gone?"

Kim Janghwa He made a noncommittal noise in the back of his throat. "I'd have slept better with you beside me," he murmured. "You should've told me the two of them were giving you so much trouble. I'd have come along to help."

The fact that he would offer such a thing made her heart flutter. "Little by little they're starting to understand each other. By the time the wedding comes around, I think they'll have a nice foundation built." She smiled softly. "I can't thank you enough for trusting me with this."

" Eomma , I trust you with my life." When he kissed her, Ga Eul's toes curled.

Eomma Do won, on the other hand, didn't bother stifling his groan. "Get a room."

"This is my room, brat," Woo Bin replied. "These are all my rooms." Despite the sternness of his voice, he was smiling like the prankster he was. Ga Eul loved when he was so carefree—it reminded her of their younger days. "Tell your sweetheart to hurry up and pick a venue so I can greet my wife properly. I've been away for too long."

all Kim Janghwa leaned against the doorjamb. "Do Won and I can do this on our own," she offered, "We don't need a babysitter."

Ga Eul raised an eyebrow. "Are you sure?"

In the blink of an eye she gathered up the binder that had been put together for their perusal. She held out her palm to Do Won. "Come on, let's go." He didn't need to be told twice. Hand in hand the two of them hurried out of the Song house, the door banging closed behind them.

Song Woo Bin looked very pleased. "I think that went well. I see what you mean about them being suited. I haven't seen Do Won like that before."

"It hasn't been easy. I was ready to kill them both earlier," Ga Eul groaned. Her husband sat beside her, rubbing the tension from her shoulders. "That feels so good." When his lips brushed over the nape of her neck, she bit her lip. "We shouldn't. Someone could see."

"Jan Di and Ji Hoo are at the clinic and won't be home until late. Gu Jun Pyo's back at work, too. I don't expect Yi Jung is settled in from moving yet either."

She licked her lips. "So what you're saying is: we're alone?"

He nodded just once.

Ga Eul wasted no time in pushing him back against the couch. In her childhood days, she frequently overhead the neighborhood wives nattering about perfunctory marital duties. With Song Woo Bin, there was nothing perfunctory about it. When he touched her, she caught fire. Even pregnant and tired as she was, she gave and demanded her pleasure in equal measures.

Song Woo Bin patted her head as she rested against his shoulder. " Eomma ?"

Eomma She glanced up at him. "Yeah?"

"Nothing."

She chuckled. "Maybe I should say it instead?"

He raised an eyebrow at her. "What was I going to say?"

"That you love me and you want to stay like this forever and ever." Squeezing him a bit tighter, she couldn't help but wear a silly smile.

"See? There was no need for me to say it." He kept a straight face for only a moment before dissolving into laughter and kissing her again. "Come on, up to bed. To sleep," he clarified, wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her into his arms.

She didn't argue when he carried her up the stairs and joined her on their bed. The last image she saw before she drifted off to sleep was her beloved husband, entirely relaxed. He was content and so, too, was she.

Chu Ga Eul had long ago decided a big wedding and riding off into the sunset didn't make a good marriage. Happily ever was made up of a million quiet, content moments; in little tiffs and massive arguments. Love was the compilation of everything and nothing as it rode along the spectrum of human emotion.

Most of all, though, happily ever after was hers.





Epilogue





The whole house sparkled and shone with twinkling lights. To Gu Jun Pyo's credit, he had chosen only the most elegant, classy decorations to welcome the Song heir home from the hospital. If not for Jan Di's influence, it would've been far gaudier than this.

Jun Pyo clapped his hands. "Everyone get ready, they're on their way home." He stopped in front of the mirror in the front hall, checking his vest and his hair before offering his reflection a winning smile.

"What's the point of having a baby shower when the kid's already been born?" Yi Jung whispered to Ji Hoo.

The Shinhwa heir with his bat-like hearing stood to his full height before storming over to where F4 were congregated. "How dare you! I only had five months to plan this entire event—by myself, I might add!"

Geum Jan Di automatically poured him a glass of champagne. "You did a wonderful job," she soothed.

"You certainly went through a lot of trouble for one little baby," Ji Hoo said, absently. He might as well have dealt a killing blow with his words, because Jun Pyo threw up his hands and stormed off.

"I should go after him," Jan Di took a sip of her champagne. F4 staring at her expectantly didn't make her move any faster. "Just a minute. He needs a minute to cool off."

Ha Jae-Kyung pushed up her sleeves. "No need. I'll annoy him so much he'll forget why he was annoyed in the first place." She skipped after him, a terrifying glint in her eye.

Ji Hoo cleared his throat but Jan Di waved him off. The caterwauling from the other side of the house could surely wake the dead. Yi Jung and Yi Hoo both looked concerned, but Jan Di was unflappable. She set her empty glass down and floated down the hallway, sighing as she went.

Jun Pyo and Jae Kyung were scrapping with one another, verbally and making little swatting motions at each other. Jan Di put her hands on her hips, frowning deeply. "What is going on here?"

A soft laugh from the doorway drew the group's attention. "Look, Eomma , all of our children are here." Song Woo Bin cradled a tiny, squirming bundle in one arm and the hospital bag in the other. Ga Eul stood beside him, face flushed both in blissful joy and exhaustion after having given birth.

Eomma all In an instant F4 was at their side. Yi Jung gingerly led Ga Eul to a chair while Ji Hoo fussed over her. "It's been less than a day, how are you feeling? You can tell me honestly."

"Sore," she murmured, her voice barely above a whisper, "But I'm so happy I hardly feel it. He's just so perfect." Gazing over at her husband and newborn son, tears shimmered in her eyes. Jan Di was at her side in an instant and the two women embraced. "Thank you for being here."

Jan Di beamed. "Nothing could have kept me from being here today. Besides, I couldn't deny Gu Jun Pyo, he's been dying to see the baby."

Truer words had never been spoken. The Shinhwa heir settled on the couch and Song Woo Bin had handed over the tiny child without question.

Ga Eul inclined her head. "It was safer this way. Things have calmed down significantly but we worried this would be the time someone chose to strike." Her husband moved behind her, brushing dark hair away from her forehead. "Besides, I'd much prefer to recover at home with my son and husband. I have the country's best doctors for friends."

Jae Kyung clasped her hands together. "He's so precious! What's his name?"

Woo Bin and his wife shared a look. "Please welcome Song Jung-Hoon," he beamed.

"You decided to name the baby after your father," Yi Jung didn't bat an eye. "I should have known. You were trying to throw us off with the crazy suggestions you were coming up with!"

"He was serious about those," Ga Eul hid her smile. "I insisted."

"You didn't have to insist that much," Woo Bin bristled. "Jung-Hoon is a more old fashioned name. I thought maybe it wouldn't suit him. Being the first son and sharing my father's name certainly has more meaning but I wouldn't have wanted to saddle him with something he'd regret." He glanced over at the tiny newborn, a smile touching his lips. "Thankfully, I knew it was a perfect fit from the moment I saw him." Gingerly, he patted his wife's shoulder. "My father would've been so proud."

that The two of them shared a teary look, which did not go unnoticed by F4, Jan Di, or Jae Kyung. Jun Pyo handed the baby off to Ji Hoo and immediately rallied the staff to start bringing out food and drinks for the happy group. Champagne flowed freely—though the new parents abstained. Song Woo Bin made sure Ga Eul's plate was never empty and she never had to lift a finger.

Conversation flowed easily. Yi Jung filled them in on his latest exhibition and triumphant return to Korean society; he had lasted a few weeks living with his brother and wife before returning to the So house. He was still the heir, after all, though it was clear that he would never be the reckless heartbreaker again.

Gu Jun Pyo and Geum Jan Di had also begun the search for a place to put down roots. With his father recovered and his mother neutralized, the world was his oyster. He had rededicated his efforts to the revitalization of the darker neighborhoods in Seoul. Jan Di joked that they would soon open their own chain of dry cleaning chains—though there was something in her expression that led the others to believe it was not so far fetched.

Ji Hoo's clinic was thriving and with Jan Di working at his side, they were able to care for many residents in the neighborhood. It wasn't the bustling pace of being at the hospital but it was clear that the pair of them were very pleased with their community clinic. Talks of expansion were in the works with the building next door being for sale; it was practically a done deal.

Even Jae Kyung was living happily in America. She was working with a fashion designer, mostly playing around while awaiting her father to insist on an arranged marriage. After the last failed attempt he had been cleverer about it, sending men to woo her to test the waters before he made any final decisions. She was wise to his tricks but enjoyed the chase nonetheless.

"How can one little person be so perfect?" Jan Di asked, after prying the infant from Yi Jung. "I've only just met him and I love him so very much." She exhaled softly. "You win, Jun Pyo."

The Shinhwa heir sat ramrod straight. "Are you saying what I think you're saying?"

She chewed her bottom lip. "Yes."

He pumped his fist.

Song Woo Bin chuckled. "What did I tell you?" He patted Gu Jun Pyo on the back, gazing over to check on his son once more. Ga Eul was certainly exhausted and doing her best to be social, but she hadn't let the infant out of her sight for a moment. He gazed at her, the love he felt for her radiating in his smile.

"Well, this has been a wonderful party but it's time for my wife to rest. It won't be long before the baby needs to eat. " When he stood up again, there was no room for argument. He extended a hand to his wife, drawing her up from the couch before he eased his new child into his arms. "Thank you all for coming. We could not be more grateful for your love and support." F4 and Jan Di gathered to give hugs and words of encouragement.

As Master and Mistress Song ascended the stairs with their new heir in tow, it was clear a new dynasty had begun. This one would not be wrought with violence and fear and despair; they would prosper, flourish, and continue to grow.

Forever they would be happy.

The End.





