Title: for June

1. No More Words


Three months ago, he lost his ability to write. Not like he lost an arm, or suffered a stroke, or became forgetful despite his youth. No. Chad Gilligan was fine, as fine as anyone his age could be who lived on coffee and no sleep. It was his damn heart.

It was his damn heart. Three months ago, Chad was dumped—cast aside like a used condom. Not something he wanted to admit out loud, but it had messed him. Messed him enough that whenever he sat down to write, he wanted to hurl abuses at the woman responsible for the hurt.

the woman A feeling he was not used to.

What he was used to was sitting in that café on Elizabeth Street, across Hyde Park; at that table near the giant window and watch people. He was also used to writing about them as a character in his book. The cafe was rich in gold, and he was a miner. What he was not used to, was sitting there twiddling his thumbs, lost and sour. And he definitely wasn't used to feeling nausea every time he thought about writing another romance.

He no longer had the heart or stomach for it. He could cry—if he hadn't been sitting in the cafe.

Usually, people coming in from the street captured his attention. Their looks, their swagger, the way they smiled, the tone of their voice, or their attitudes; details he could use in a story. And today, he hoped to find something he could use. Something. Anything . He wasn't picky. He just needed something to inspire a story.

Anything He refrained from yelling, 'Send me a sign!' at the sky. After weeks of praying and no returns, Chad didn't hold his breath.

'Send me a sign!' When the front door opened for the first time that morning, his head snapped up—ready for action, ready for gold.

Here we go.

Here we go. As a gaggle of office workers scurried in, rubbing stiff hands together, or pulling their scarves higher, busy with their chatter, a gust of wind slipped in behind them. It sent a napkin swirling off his table, and a chill snaking around his skinny ankles.

Chad groaned with severe displeasure. He hadn't been able to find fresh socks this morning. He wore his loafers sockless, and his toes ached with the cold. He didn't need idiots letting in gusts of icy wind that made him wish he'd done a load of washing. He needed to get his act together. He only had two clean underwear left in his drawer.

The last one to enter, a woman, gave him a nervous smile when she caught him staring daggers.

He turned away with a faint smile and picked the napkin from the floor. He wasn't in the mood to smile at a female today, lest she thinks he's flirting, or worse, interested—he was not interested in anyone. And there in lay the problem for a writer who needed a muse but hadn't the heart to find her—or him.

He ran a hand over the mouse-pad, bringing his laptop back to life. He reached for the coffee mug with the other. To his dismay, he stared at a blank page and the bottom of an empty mug.

He sneered at the cursor on the screen. 'What are we going to write, Chad?' it questioned him . He shut the laptop with a sluggish hand and a heavy heart. He had been staring at the blank screen for days and weeks. His mind was blank as the gleaming page.

'What are we going to write, Chad?' . For eight years—without fail—Chad had come to the café, placed his order, and sat at that table to write. Nine bestsellers and poof—words vanished like a magician's assistant in a puff of smoke. There one moment and gone the next—like his girlfriend. The thought of Setal sent him whimpering in his corner.

But what worried him more was that he struggled with words. His oldest, constant companions—gone. It made him uneasy. What if they never came back?

'What's the story, Chad?' His wretched laptop prodded him as he eyed the thing.

'What's the story, Chad?' "Do you need a refill?" Tylor, the café owner and barista, asked on his way to the backroom, taking a bulging black garbage bag past Chad.



"Huh?"

"Working on something new?" Tylor asked.

He considered the question. "Trying to find something new."

Tylor hurled the bag behind the door and closed it back up. "Didn't spot any interesting people today?"

"Well, there's you."

"You can't always write about me." Tylor laughed, heading back to the coffee bar.

"If only that was the problem." Chad chuckled, like a weary kid about to step onto a giant Ferris wheel.

"What is the problem?" Tylor asked, taking over for the barista at the bar.

is The familiar hiss of the steam wand heating the milk soothed Chad's forlorn heart. He hesitated, noticing other customers listening in on their loud conversation. "I... I can't write."

Tylor eyed the laptop with a knowing smile. "Ever considered writing, not typing? I heard it works for creative people."

Writing, not typing . What an odd, nostalgic notion, yet the desperate writer in Chad felt a jolt of motivation. He rushed to his feet and stuffed his belongings in his bag, waving a perfunctory goodbye in Tylor's direction. He foxtrotted out of the café with a spring in his steps.

Writing, not typing It was a frosty morning. He pulled his collar up around his ears, tucked his chin in and carried on his march with a grin on his face. He headed for the Pitt Street Mall, battling the work crowd with their multitude of coffee cups, accosting puffs of smoke, or a dizzying array of scents. Something he avoided.

He hadn't written longhand in some time. The prospect of getting rid of his writer's block made his fingers tingle with anticipation, or it could have been the cold snipping at them. He didn't care. He could almost taste the words in his mouth, hear the phantom voices in his head, narrating a story, a story he could write. The thought made him wild with happiness, the first he'd felt since the event.

By lunchtime, Chad was back in his seat, hunched over a new notepad, scribbling away until his phone rang. It was her .

her He stared at the screen, feeling betrayed by his otherwise trusted gadget. Should he take her call?

Should he take her call? His heart winced at the memory—

'Remember, down on your knees, count to three, present the ring, do your spiel, and Voila, she'll say yes...' recalling Jo's words, Chad had gone down on a wobbly knee in the middle of the near-filled restaurant, amidst an audience. "Setal, we've been together almost three years."

'Remember, down on your knees, count to three, present the ring, do your spiel, and Voila, she'll say yes...' recalling Jo's words, Chad had gone down on a wobbly knee in the middle of the near-filled restaurant, amidst an audience. "Setal, we've been together almost three years." "What are you doing, Chad?" She had stared at him over her menu.

"What are you doing, Chad?" She had stared at him over her menu. ... count to three, present the ring...

... count to three, present the ring... Counting to three, he'd held the ring up at her, pinched between his fingers.

Counting to three, he'd held the ring up at her, pinched between his fingers. ... do your spiel...

... do your spiel... "I... gosh, this is hard... I love you. I loved you the moment you took my coffee by accident and told Tylor off. I loved you the moment you asked me out on our first date. I have loved every minute since. I have a wonderful, gorgeous, intelligent woman in my life who loves me for me and not some imaginary character—"

"I... gosh, this is hard... I love you. I loved you the moment you took my coffee by accident and told Tylor off. I loved you the moment you asked me out on our first date. I have loved every minute since. I have a wonderful, gorgeous, intelligent woman in my life who loves me for me and not some imaginary character—" "Chad—"

"Chad—" "Setal Ahuja, will you marry me?"

"Setal Ahuja, will you marry me?" She'd risen from her seat. He had known what she was about to say: 'Yes, Chad Gilligan, the love of my life. I will marry you.'

She'd risen from her seat. He had known what she was about to say: 'Yes, Chad Gilligan, the love of my life. I will marry you.' "Chad, get up and stop this." She had eyed the restaurant, embarrassed.

"Chad, get up and stop this." She had eyed the restaurant, embarrassed. "Is that a yes?"

"Is that a yes?"

"No. It's not a yes, you idiot. You ruined everything!" She'd grabbed her bag and with a loathing look at the ring, she'd left—with Chad still down on one knee, reeling.

"No. It's not a yes, you idiot. You ruined everything!" She'd grabbed her bag and with a loathing look at the ring, she'd left—with Chad still down on one knee, reeling. "But... I love you—"

"But... I love you—" The phone stopped vibrating in his hand as the call ended, and a message flashed on the screen; startling him back to reality. She left a voice mail. He wanted to scream: Why, oh why?

Why, oh why? He waved at Tylor for, "Another coffee," before plucking the courage to listen to the witch's message.

"Chad!" The indisputable, terse voice of his near-fiancé, Setal, charred the tranquil air between his ear and the phone. "Are you avoiding me?"

He nodded to no one in particular.

"You can't keep avoiding me, you know," she screeched. "I have spare keys, remember."

Must change locks!

Must change locks! "We need to talk. Your sister said you're taking this badly. It's nothing personal," she continued.

Nothing personal? Right . He must remember it the next time he proposes and his girlfriend breaks up with him because she didn't 'feel it with him anymore'. What did it even mean?

Nothing personal? Right What did it even mean? The computerised voice jolted him out of his thoughts, prompting him to repeat , save , or delete the message.

repeat save delete Delete. Delete. Dear God, delete!

Delete. Delete. Dear God, delete! Laila, a usual waitress, brought over his second cup of coffee as he attacked the screen viciously, trying to delete the bloody message.

"Are you okay?" she asked, sounding concerned.

"Peachy!" he snapped before peering up at her, ashamed. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean that."

"Bad day?" she asked, placing the coffee in front of him.

"My ex just called to see if I'm handling the break-up okay."

Laila cringed.

Chad nodded.

"Well, she didn't deserve you." Laila picked up his used cup with a smile. "You'll find somebody better. You're a celebrity, Chad. Women will flock to be in your life."

"And flock out," he grumbled sourly.

"Cheer up." Laila giggled. "Too much time indoors has fried your brain. Go out."

"I'm not ready to go out," he moaned, raw hurt pouring out with his voice.

"I mean, go outside—in nature. Find new places to haunt. Meet new people. Interesting people !" Laila nodded at the view outside the window. "Someone different for that story you need."

Interesting people Chad stared at the park with the oddest expression—like Laila had told him to go rob a bank and write about it. Her suggestion sounded farfetched. Go out, ha! He didn't want to—until he saw the array of people ambling across the park. Another riverbank brimming with gold.

Go out, ha! "Someone different? Someone who might like trees?" he asked in a daze.

"Yes, someone who might like trees." Laila laughed, leaving him to his own thoughts.

Chad stared at the park with wonder. He could test the waters. He was desperate to try anything.

Moments later, with a weak latte in hand, Chad crossed the road with trepidation dripping from his very core. The flashing red pedestrian light had him scramble to the other side all jittery. He shivered when he reached the sidewalk, and it had nothing to do with the icy wind snaking through the streets with fervour. He threw a longing glance at his seat in the café, already occupied by a middle-aged gentleman.



Chad turned back to the park and heaved a breath—there was no going back now. He took his first tentative step onto the green grass, hoping for a miracle, for inspiration to guide him to the next story. He needed it for both his and his editor's sake. His initial deadline to pitch ideas for the next novel had already whooshed by days ago.

Yesterday, Terry had called, wanting to hear a rough idea for a story, and instead of coming up with one, he had said, "Give me a week."

"A week?"

"One to two weeks."

"Chad!" she had yelled.

"Okay, I'll try to get you something by end of the week," he had given in.

A quiet sigh that said, 'You better.'

'You better.' A thrilling conversation —but the point stuck like superglue. If he wanted to remain a successful author—and he did—he had better deliver the next story worthy of his name, or rather his pseudonym. An impossible feat, given his continued moping.

A thrilling conversation He wrinkled his nose against the cold and approached an empty park bench, with butterflies in his stomach and the taste of words in his mouth. He sat down and dropped his clunky bag on the wooden seat with enough gusto; it headed straight for the edge and fell.

A figure in a dirty, oversized puff jacket wriggled out from under the bench. Their arms flailed about their head as if shooing off a swarm of bees and not Chad's ill-placed bag, which now graced the ground.

"Oh, I'm sorry..." he said in a small voice, unsure whether he should step any closer to the street relic.

The relic went to kick his bag, breathing life back into him. He scooped his belongings off the ground in a hurry.

"Whoa. Please don't kick that. It has..."

"Valuables?" The voice was gentle. Feminine .

Feminine His head snapped up. "Yes." He pretended to dust the bag. "I didn't mean to hurt you." He looked her up and down. "What are you doing under there, anyway?"

The woman stared into his eyes with such fierceness it caused him to shirk and consider his exit.

"Sleeping," she replied curtly.

She pulled her grubby scarf higher up her face, leaving her eyes visible between it and the beanie. Her eyes were brown, bright and young.

"What?" she barked. "Does the ground or the seat have your name on it? I thought the park belonged to the public, and I am a fucking public!" she shouted, hot and angry.

She picked up her belongings from under the seat, a simple backpack and a small duffel bag. Then she walked away, muttering loud enough for him to hear. "Mine, mine, mine, everything is fucking yours. Why don't you declare oxygen belongs to you lot too already? Selfish prick!"

Chad watched the woman smart away from him in shock. It took him a moment before he sat down on the end of the bench, boggled by the incident. He fished out his laptop and turned it on, trying to settle his nerves. He eyed the path she had stomped off on; worried she'd come back any moment with more mutterings.

He stared at the blinking cursor on his screen, his mind blank, his heart thundering like an untamed horse in his chest.

"Oh, for heaven's sake," he grumbled, slamming the screen shut, unable to rid the woman from his mind. He turned to where she'd rushed off and sipped his coffee. She had almost given him a heart attack. He wished she had. Terry couldn't hold it against him for not delivering another book.

Another book.

Another book. He would have laughed if someone told him eight years ago, he—or the author, Zachery Eve—would one day face a monstrous writer's block and words would forsake him.

But, here he was, a thirty-three-year-old romance writer, newly single, in possession of a heart held together by band-aids, trying to come up with a romance plot that wasn't as dark and depressing as he was. Romance —the word tasted bitter in his mouth.

Romance With eyes still fixated on the footpath, Chad took a sip of his coffee and gagged. It had gone cold, and cold coffee never agreed with him. He stuffed his laptop back in his bag and headed for the cafe. Back to hot coffee and staring at people who would not yell profanities at him. Maybe a nice slice of cheesecake to go with that hot coffee too...

Maybe a nice slice of cheesecake to go with that hot coffee too... ♡

He skulked through the dark empty house sometime past two in the morning, unable to sleep. Every time he closed his eyes, the woman's brown eyes floated in front of him. He could hear the hurl of profanities she'd thrown echoing in his ears.

He dawdled to the kitchen, ran a fresh brew of coffee and fetched his laptop. He might as well try to write something. Beneath the stark light, he sat on a barstool and stared at his nemesis, the taunting screen. His hands hovered over the keyboard, and he closed his eyes; hoping and praying the words would come.

The woman's eyes flashed in his mind.

He typed one word: Homeless .

Homeless He stared at the word for a moment before deleting it. What kind of romance could he make out of that?

Alas, a pot of coffee downed and the page still blank, he crawled back to bed still a broken man. He would write when he felt ready, and not because Terry breathed down his neck like a dragon. A dragon that could burn his proverbial house—or his career—to the ground if he didn't deliver the next bestseller within the year.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





2. To Pen a Tale


It was late afternoon when Chad woke up to his cell phone ringing. He felt groggy, like he'd hit an entire bottle of cheap wine the night before, which he hadn't. With no amount of enthusiasm, he answered the phone, "Hello."

"Hello, yourself!" Terry spoke with a hint of agitation. "Where are you?"

"Home?"

"You forgot again."

"Forgot what?"

"Our meeting, Chad. Our meeting."

Chad remained quiet. He couldn't recall a meeting, and even if he could, it was dangerous territory to admit to such mistakes with the woman. Terry wasn't what you'd call a woman of infinite patience.

"You should hire a PA like I keep telling you to."

Chad turned onto his back and stared at the ceiling. "So she or he can make me coffee and watch me miserably attempt to write? No thanks."

Terry sighed. "I'll be over in half. You and I need to have a heart to heart."

"Sure. Bring food. I'm starving."

At 3:30 pm, his doorbell rang, forcing him out of the sofa to which he'd migrated after the chat. He opened the door to one unimpressed lady. Her striking beauty could have gone somewhere on the catwalk. Then he could have had a terror-free or Terry-free afternoon.

"What's this?" Her jaw dropped. "You're still in your pyjamas."

"I was sleeping," was his rebuttal as he let her in.

"Well, you look dreadful." She dropped her handbag on the coffee table before turning to him.

"I feel terrible. Thanks for noticing." He smirked. "Coffee?"

"Coffee can wait. Go take a shower. I can't talk to you while you're in your pyjamas, and we need to talk."

Chad groaned like a child, yet obliged. Pyjamas had no place in a meeting with the immaculately dressed Terry, he knew that much for certain. "Make yourself at home."

When he got back to his semi-bare lounge, the very lounge Setal had stripped bare off all her furniture days after mincing his heart under her heels, was empty. Except for the sorry-looking sofa and the coffee table; they were his.

"Terry?" he called out, hoping she'd changed her mind about a 'serious chat', taken pity on him and left, but then again, her handbag was still present. She would never leave without it, and his already empty stomach sunk further. It may as well have hit the floor with an unceremonious thud.

"In here," came her voice from the kitchen. She was inspecting his fridge when he found her. "There's practically nothing in here."

"Why do you think I asked you to bring food?"

Terry considered him for a moment. "You've taken this hard."

"To you? Or the looming doom of cancelled advances?"

"Setal."

"Oh."

"Let's go grab a bite." She slammed the fridge shut and strode past him, her gorgeous hour-glass figure sashaying. "Bring your stuff. We can brainstorm together and find you that story."

"Great. Can't wait!" he grumbled, grabbing the laptop off the bench and followed her out like a puppy, a puppy craving pets galore, maybe even a tummy rub. Praise or two , now that would definitely help.

Praise or two ♡

They settled for a cozy café couple of blocks from his home. Terry drove them there, even if it was within walking distance because her feet 'deserved better'. She would never admit to him that the devil designed heels to punish women for being the fairer sex, even though he'd heard her grumble about it a few times in the past.



Chad stared at the wooden table, feeling useless as Terry stared him down. "So, tell me the story?"

"The story?" he asked with feigned ignorance.

"The story, Chad, the one you are writing, are you not?"

All he could do was stare at her as if she'd spoken a foreign language he didn't understand.

"The story I can expect within the year when you hit deadlines and start making excuses, Chad. That story!" She said it in one breath, and Chad thought she'd have made a splendid swimmer too with those lungs. If only.

If only. "Are you even listening to me?" she asked, irritated.

No . He stared at the waiter placing their coffees on the table and wondered if he looked like a fish in a tiny bowl. The guy threw him a sympathetic glance before leaving, confirming his assessment.

No "You don't have it." Terry breathed in astonishment. "You don't have it this time, do you, Chad?"

Chad succumbed to the truth and put Terry out of her misery. He shook his head. It was the only thing he could do. Words and him were on a break at the moment.

"Not a single clue?"

He shook his head, which made it tricky to sip his coffee.

"A theme?" Head shake. "A character?" Another head shake. "A place? An image? A piece of dialogue? Nothing?"

"Nada." He gulped the last sip of his scalding hot coffee, pretending it was the way he liked it. It was better than the roasting from Terry.

"What are we going to do, Chaddy?"

"No idea."

"Your usual methods aren't working?" He shook his head again. "Try something new then?"

"I did." He laughed, calling the waiter over for another cup. "Last week, I went to the park across from the café to see if something would hit me."

"And did it hit you?"

He laughed again as he recalled the brown-eyed girl and her colourful words. Words he'd normally blush to speak in the presence of people other than his family. He shook his head and said, "Oh, something almost hit me, but it wasn't an idea."

"What?"

"A homeless girl. At least, I think she was a girl. Damn near gave me a heart attack. She leapt from behind the bench I was sitting on, yelling and kicking."

Terry's eyes glowed with mischief as she peered at him.

"What?"

"When was the last time you wrote anything that challenged you, Gilligan?" Her smile got wider, freaking him out.

"I don't follow." This was his fail-safe excuse whenever he wanted Terry to elaborate.

Terry opened her phone, pressed a few tabs, made a note in her calendar for another meeting, flashed it to him, then grinned like the Cheshire cat. "Will you to do something for me, Chad?"

"For you, Terry, anything," he said it because in her happiness lay his own, and he was wise enough to know that by now. What Terry wanted, Terry always got. Except for that one time, a couple of years ago, at a Christmas party, drunk, she'd tried to have him, and he had to say no as she'd reached for the front of his pants. But it was the one time, and neither of them ever mentioned it. Well, Chad didn't, because he enjoyed having his nuts attached to his body. Terry didn't, because he suspected she didn't remember the night.

"I want you to go back to the park and see if you can strike up a conversation with this girl. Find out her story. Maybe you'll learn something."

"Are you crazy?"



"You said, Chad, anything."

Chad narrowed his eyes. "What's the catch?"

Terry shook her head. "No catch. I think you've hit a wall and even if I wanted you to, you can't write. I need the old Chad Gilligan back. Not this new, angst-ridden writer, who barely gets some shut-eye because he chugs coffee like the world is facing a coffee famine and takes sleeping pills like they are candy because he wonders why he can't sleep. I don't want to find you dead in your house. I want to find you holding a typed manuscript out to me with that goofy grin of yours."

"I don't have a goofy grin," Chad squabbled, like a little boy, despite knowing deep down, a lot of things about him were 'goofy'.

Terry inclined her head at him, watching him as he gave the approaching waiter a 'goofy grin' despite himself. "You have a goofy grin, mate." She took the bill off the waiter and turned back. "So, you'll go out there and for a month, you'll do everything that makes you uncomfortable."

She gave his hand a barely-there squeeze in a manner that told him he could do this. "If your mind tells you not to do something, I want you to do it and see what happens. We need you to find that old carefree Chad. Can you do that?"

"I don't know if I was ever carefree, but do I have a choice?" he muttered. If he had ever been carefree, he'd never known it. He drained his coffee in a shot, dismayed.

Terry laughed, rising to her feet like a goddess in the presence of a mere mortal. "You have a choice, hun. Everyone always has a choice. Your choice is to deliver another Zachary Eve bestseller or watch as your contract end because you didn't fulfil your end of the deal."

Chad followed her out of the café, his heart thudding away, imagining the sound of his contract being ripped. "After all our years together, aren't you being a little harsh?"

"Do you know how many people could kill to be in your shoes?" Terry unlocked her car from across the street. "I'm not being harsh, Chad. I'm being honest. My job is to make sure you do yours, and if you can't do it anymore–"

She patted his arm. She didn't need to say '- then others will' . He could fill in the details himself.

'- then others will' "I like you, Chad. I do. But I need you to do your job, so I can do mine. We'll meet again in a month, and that time, you better do the talking!" She gave his cheek a quick air kiss before crossing the road, waving a general goodbye in the wind.

Chad had an image rush to mind then, an image that made him feel both horrid and hopeful at the same time. He imagined Terry getting ploughed by an oncoming vehicle as she strutted back to her car. The image vanished like wisps of smoke when she reached the driver's door and slipped into safety. She rolled down her window. "Want a lift home?"

"I think I'll walk because that's opposite to what my mind's telling me to do!" he yelled back willfully.

She laughed, pulling the car out onto the road, and speeding away. Within seconds, he was standing alone, tired, and nursing a headache. Completely at the mercy of his legs, which felt like they'd turned to jelly. Great. Freakin' great!

Great. Freakin' great! ♡

Chad fell onto his bed; face first as soon as he got home, exhausted. It was around midnight he woke, startled by the phone ringing somewhere nearby. The room was gloomy. Barely enough moonlight streamed through the window for him to see where he was. He struggled, wriggling up to his nightstand and patted it down in search of his phone as the ringing stopped. He buried his face back into the covers and groaned, his entire body aching. The headache had moved to the back of his head, mild, but annoying, like the ringing of the phone again. This time he patted himself down and found it in his jean's pocket.

"What?" he groaned down the phone, his face barely out of the covers.

Silence greeted his ear.

"Hello," he said, this time lifelike. The line clicked dead. He stared at the time on the screen, wondering who was calling so late only to see a private number.

The house creaked and groaned, and outside, he could hear the soft drizzle of rain starting to fall, but he was far from relaxed. Chad kicked off his shoes, threw his jacket somewhere on the floor and crawled on all fours, getting under the covers. There he lay, wondering about the caller. Was it Setal? But then again, it could be a stranger. A creepy stranger. He hadn't had a fan problem for a while, not since Cassie Micah had somehow let herself into his old home, set up personal effects showing them as a couple. And one day when he'd gotten home after a long day of book signing to crawl into bed, he'd found her stark naked, crawling all over him in the dark. Let's say, it wasn't his finest moment, having to call the police while a crazy fan tried to convince him they were married. She'd even shown him proof of their marriage, a fake wedding certificate and photographs, not to mention the wedding band.

Was it Setal? A creepy stranger. Chad scrolled through the incoming calls, only to spot Setal's old missed calls. He missed her, as miserable as he was. As he was about to fall asleep, his phone vibrated in his loose grip. He picked it up, and again no one answered.

"Who is this?"

Silence.

He turned the phone off and threw it somewhere on the bed. After that, he ran around the house to check the doors and windows and lock them. The phone call had spooked him and he would not take the chance that a small deranged woman he held a restraining order against could skulk around his house with him unawares again.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Header image by loufre on Pixabay)

loufre





3. Learning the Lingo


Chad stood on the very edge of the grass with a cup of coffee in one hand and a paper bag with a croissant in the other. He was fearful of the park. Was he sure he wanted to do this? Absolutely not! But was he serious about doing anything to please Terry? Yes . Was he so desperate to have his writer's block brought down by a bulldozer? Most certainly , but Chad wasn't fortunate enough to get carried away with fantasies. He stood there feeling a gust of wind push him towards the park as if it were a hand nudging him ahead. At least that's how he took it that chilly June morning, that he had a friend coaxing him to treading on into unknown territory.

Absolutely not! Yes Most certainly Chad squared his shoulders and moved ahead, telling himself it was only a conversation, and Terry had never specified how long the conversation had to be to qualify. So he would approach the bench, knock twice and wait for a response. If the girl was there, he'd be civil, say hi, and give her the peace-offerings, and then wish her a pleasant day and walk away. If she wasn't there, then he had at least tried and his conscience would be clear.

As planned, he walked up to the bench and looked around consciously, to see if anyone was taking a keen interest in what he was doing. They weren't, in fact, nobody was looking at him. He cleared his throat and spoke. "Hello? Are you there?"

He waited cautiously, hoping the girl would not jump at him again, but nothing. "Hello? The girl I almost hit with my bag the other week?" He felt silly calling out. He walked around and peered under the bench where the shrubbery had a little pocket an adult could easily fit into. It was empty, and oddly, he felt a pang of sadness. He wasn't sure why.

He sat on the bench and slowly picked at the food he'd brought for 'her', and drank the coffee, staring at his café, and towards his window seat. How long had he been going there? Seven years? Eight? Why hadn't he ever looked across at the park, to that bench? Or noticed the people who called it home?

That morning, Chad didn't feel like writing and it had nothing to do with his block and everything to do with the girl and the guilt he felt. He had a home to go to, and this girl, whoever she was, wherever she was, didn't have a place that was safe, sound and warm. He shivered as a gust of wind snaked through the park, slithering across his face with its silky touch that chilled his bones.

He threw the rubbish in the nearest bin and headed for the street, disappearing into the throng of office-goers, head hung low, wondering what happened to the girl with the beautiful brown eyes. That day, he couldn't stop thinking about her. Even when Setal rang later that afternoon, he had barely paid attention. He'd hung up, and he wasn't even sure he'd said goodbye. Instead, he sat on his lonely couch till the sunset, and took himself to bed, wondering, always wondering. What is she doing now? Why is she homeless? What happened?

What is she doing now? Why is she homeless? What happened? Next morning, he stood outside the café way before Tylor got there. The whole time Tylor went about setting up for the day, Chad kept an eye at the quiet park. "Pack two croissants and two coffees, will you Tylor?" he asked, eventually.

"Found your muse?" Tylor joked.

"I'm not sure what I've found."

When Tylor had the coffee machine ready, he popped out Chad's order and watched him leave as Laila entered, turning the 'Open' sign as Chad passed her.

He could hear Tylor ask, "You know what's gotten into him?" as the door closed behind him.

Chad wished he knew too. Alas, there he was, with two coffees and croissants in hand, waiting for the light to turn so he could go make a fool of himself once more. He hoped she was there today, under that bench so he could strike her off the list of things to do. The thought of finding her under that bench, in the cold, huddled perhaps to keep her warm, however, had a part of his heart wring in pain and anger. No one should have to live like that. No one.

No one should have to live like that.

♡

He stood with coffees in hand in front of the bench where he'd met the homeless girl. He peered under it and found it empty once more. He sat down, a little glum, and glanced under the bench every so often.

"Lost something, did ya?" a slurred, lazy voice asked and Chad looked up at a haggard old man hidden behind a bushy salt and peppered beard. Another homeless, though he looked nice and warm under the heavy layers of multiple jackets.

Chad shook his head. "Someone, actually."

The man nodded, a certain foul stench coming off him as he stepped closer. He eyed the two coffees in Chad's hands. "She hasn't come around for a week now," he offered.

"Who?"

"The girl who sometimes lives under there."

"You know her?"

The man nodded. "Is that for her?"

Chad looked at his hands. He had brought her an extra-hot coffee. He handed the cup over; someone may as well drink it. "Do you know where she is?"

The man took sips of the coffee, savouring the taste and ignoring his question.

Chad reached into his satchel and proffered the pastry bag. "I also had these for her..." And before he knew it, the bag had somehow left his hands.

He watched the man sit next to him and devour a croissant within seconds, in frenzy. With a mouthful of pastry, he spoke. "We don't always stay in the same place, you know."

Chad nodded. "Do you know where she is?"

A bite into the second pastry. "Why you looking for her, anyway?"

"I wanted to apologise for the other day."

The man laughed, choking on his food. "No one apologizes to a homeless, mate."

"I do."

The old man looked long and hard at Chad as he finished his second croissant and his coffee. He spoke again. "She's at the shelter 'cause she isn't good you know. Cold does that."

The man eyed the coffee in Chad's hand, and he handed that over too.

"You really want to see her, hey?"

Chad nodded, eyeing the people glancing at them as they walked past, towards their work.

"You gonna come again and bring her food?"

Chad sighed and nodded.

"She'll be here tomorrow, most probably." With that, the man left, walking down the park as suddenly as he'd appeared.

♡

To Chad, it felt déjà vu the next morning sitting in the park with no coffee nor breakfast left to himself, and yet no change in the company that gladly chowed down the morsels. "I thought you said she'd be here today."

"What do I look like? Her PA?" The man huffed and walked away. "Maybe she'll be here tomorrow, or the next day, ya know!"

Chad groaned quietly, but he was back at Tylor's the next morning, and the next, ordering three coffees and three croissants, hoping against hope the girl would be there that day, so he could cross her off his list of challenges.

On one such morning, as he walked out of the café and stood at the lights, wondering how many more mornings he would do this, someone stood beside him, too close for his liking. He was about to turn and ask them for personal space when the person spoke. It was a voice he'd heard before.



"Bax pulled one on you, didn't he?"

Chad turned to look at the woman he'd been searching for over a week. Her face still half-hidden behind a scarf and a beanie, and again, he wondered what she looked like beneath it.

"So why are you looking for me?"

The crossing lights came on and the hoard of people walked past them, annoyed at the two obstacles in their way. They stood their ground, however. "I..." Chad was for once stumped for a line. Instead, he held out the tray of coffees towards her. "I got you these."

She eyed the assortments with a faint smile that creased the corner of her eyes. "Is this a peace-offering for almost bashing my head in with your 'valuable' bag the other day?"

Chad nodded. It was. Let's not lie.

She took a coffee off the tray and clasped it with both her shaking hands. "Sorry about Bax as well."

Chad nodded once more, lost for words.

"So was that it?" she asked, pulling down her scarf to take a sip and a gentle smile crossed her lips. For a moment, it made him forget everything deterring about her. "Thank you," she said. "He told me what you've been doing for him."

"I was... looking for you," he finally managed.

"I knew you could speak!"

He nodded, again. It seemed Chad had no social skills left. Or it may have been his nerves.

"So what now?" she asked.

He remembered the croissants and fished them out of his bag, the same bag that had fallen on her. "I also had these." He offered her the pastry bag and an extended hand. "I'm Chad."

The girl glared at his proffered hand, astonished. "Who are you?"

"I told you." He turned as the lights came on. "Come on. Bax is waiting for his breakfast. The man gets cranky, otherwise." The girl followed him across with a laugh.

Chad watched as Bax and the girl ate and drank. Bax looked on at Chad's bag. "You got anything else in there, mate?"

The girl spun to scold him. "Bax! He's already been kind enough to bring you these."

Bax shrugged and stood up. "No harm in asking." He slapped Chad's back and walked away towards the other side of the park, done with his breakfast.

Chad stared after the man a while. "Where does he go every morning?"

The girl shrugged. "He says he likes to chase the sun." She watched the area where Bax had disappeared. "It's the only way to get warm. That, or running, and I don't think he likes running."

"Nobody likes running." Chad felt a pang of guilt again. Maybe it was to do the things they didn't have, like having a heater, or a house. Or clean clothes...

"Thank you for breakfast," she interrupted his thoughts.

He half-smiled at her. "It was the least I could do."

"Why?" she asked. "You don't owe me or us anything."

It was the bluntest and the most honest anyone had ever been with him. It kind of took him by surprise. Not even Terry was as blunt, and he expected nothing less from her in the eight years he'd worked with the editor.

"Most people don't even look our way..." she was saying, her voice getting smaller with each word.

Chad shrugged. It wasn't a big deal to him. "I wouldn't have come back looking for you if it wasn't for someone telling me to do it," he said as honestly as he could. It was the least he could offer for her honesty. "I keep to myself, you see."



"Well, I'm glad someone told you to find me, whatever their reason might have been." She smiled, rising to her feet. She looked towards Bax's exit. "I should go check on him. He's upset about the whole thing."

Chad immediately rose. His intention had been anything but friendly. "Why? What did I do?"

"You were kind, Chad," she said his name reverently, and it sent his cheeks flushing red hot in self-awareness. "We don't get kindness in such abundance, and he doesn't know how to thank you for the past week."

"I only did it for two reasons." He shifted his weight. "He could do with breakfast, and I hoped he'd show me where you were."

She smiled. "Which was very kind of you."

Chad's phone interrupted them, and he held up his hand apologetically to answer the call.

The girl waited till he ended the call, and said, "I have to go find him. Have a great day, Chad. It was nice to meet you."

Chad watched her walk away, unsure about his feelings; they felt mixed, part relief, part forlorn. He'd done it, talked to the girl like Terry had asked, and now he could walk away. Case closed. But that departure didn't feel like closure to him. He turned and walked down Elizabeth Street, lost in thoughts. Why didn't it feel done, finished, ready to cross off his invisible list?

Why didn't it feel done, finished, ready to cross off his invisible list? The next morning, Chad arrived much later to the café and his corner seat was taken. He sat at another table, ordered his usual, and took out a notepad and pen. He hadn't found a topic to write about yet, but he was hoping. He'd wasted an entire week doing things that had made him uncomfortable, including a chat with the homeless girl. Now it was time to write.

He sat there with a blank page on the table, a pen twirling in his hand and a fast-draining cup of coffee in front of him, wishing hard for words to find him. He sat there almost the whole morning, staring out at the park, unable to get any work done. The page remained blank. The pen remained new, and he remained forever distracted. He couldn't even eat his breakfast without seeing Bax's shivering hands reach for his coffee or chomp on his breakfast like a starved child.

That was it. That image sent him packing his things and approaching Tylor at the counter, which he rarely did these days. He ordered what he'd been ordering the past week, and took himself across the park, towards the bench once more. When he got there, Bax was still waiting, head hung, shoulders slouched. That was until he heard Chad approaching. The man's happiness had more to do with the food and coffee than Chad himself, but it brought a smile to his face.

"You're late!" Bax reached for the coffee tray Chad held out.

Chad chuckled as he sat on the other end of the bench. "Where is she?"

Bax shrugged. "Lady business. Maybe she'll be along in a bit, though she told me to stop waiting around for you."

"Why?"

Bax took a bite of his croissant. "Oh, June's like that, all practical and shit... telling me you owed us nothing, and I should stop making you feel guilty, blah blah blah." He took a long slurp of his coffee. "But, something told me you'd be here today, so I bet her that if you turned up, she'll have to share her next meal with me."

"June?" It was the first time he'd learnt her name.

Bax looked up, baffled. "You didn't know her name and you've been buying her food and coffee all week, trying to pick her up?"

"I'm not trying to pick her up." Was he? No. Chad squirmed on the seat, feeling the man stare.

Was he? No. Bax laughed at Chad's discomfort. "Kinda funny you met June a month early."

Chad shook his head. No idea what the man was on about.

"You met her in May, didn't ya? A couple of weeks ago?" Bax laughed again, and it dawned on Chad that he meant months. The joke was terrible, but he laughed anyway.

"So what do you know about June?" he asked, curious to know her a little more.

Bax eyed the extra coffee that was getting cold in Chad's hand.

Chad passed it over. He could buy June a hot one when she came along.

"Well, I met her couple of months back when she was a newbie." Bax stared off into the morning light as he spoke.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Ronny K from Pixabay)

Ronny K





4. Days of June


Thus passed a couple more days, waiting for June and sharing breakfast with Bax. Making random conversations, and sometimes not a word at all. Instead, they'd watch funny videos on Chad's tablet or laptop, whichever he had on him on the day. The morning June ambled along with her hands deep in her pockets and a deep frown on her face, Bax and Chad were doing just that, watching silly cat videos, and laughing. Bax was even snorting coffee out through his nose when she stood in front of them, waiting.

It took them a while to notice.

"Hey, June." Chad smiled, offering her coffee she wouldn't take.

"What are you doing here?" She glared at him instead.

Chad could hear the seriousness in her tone and closed the laptop despite Bax's protests. "Breakfast and funny videos?" he tried.

"What have I been telling you, Bax?" She turned to his companion, equally disappointed.

Bax sulked. "Leave him alone?"

What? Chad turned to Bax, then June, then Bax again. "Why?"

What? She ignored him. Her eyes locked on Bax till he got off the bench. The man then turned to Chad, unable to make eye contact. "Look, Chad..." he began, his words heavy and hesitant, like they weighed a ton. "It's been great and all... but it's probably not good for you... or us to keep this up."

"We can't keep taking advantage of your kindness and generosity," June added sternly. "Look, I know you mean well, and we appreciate it, a lot, more than we can say. Bax here even thinks of us as friends, and misses you, but really. We live here. For us, this is life, but it doesn't have to be for you. Go home, Chad, get back to your life, because this isn't it. You will not find whatever you're looking for, here!"

is Chad placed his laptop on the bench and stood, flabbergasted. "Nobody is making me do this. You two know that, right? I am here out of choice, because I want to be."

Bax tensed, sensing June look his way. He stepped back and away from Chad. "I'll see you another time, maybe, mate. You take care." He turned and went back to chasing the sun before the two of them had watched funny videos. "Leave you two to sort it out."

June waited until Bax was out of earshot before she turned to Chad. "What the hell do you think you're doing, anyway? Bringing us coffee and pastries in the mornings? What gives you the power to be the only wonderful thing either of us have in our stupid, miserable lives?"

"I..."

"That's right. All you can ever say to me is 'I'. Ever thought about what this is doing to us? Ever thought how we feel, or how we will feel, the day you stop turning up with breakfast and coffee, and we finally realise you're not coming back, ever?"

He shook his head, almost able to sense the tears she was fighting, the emotions that were causing a storm inside. Yes, Chad hadn't really thought this through. He hadn't, because it hadn't even occurred to him that one day, soon, he would stop coming. It was inevitable; it was life. People moved on.

would She stared at the ground, and when she looked back up, there were tears in her eyes and her harsh demeanour had softened. "It's making us dream, Chad... that's a bad thing for people in our..." her voice cracked, struggling to get out at all. She sniffled, unable to keep the tears from streaking down her cold cheeks that icy, windy, June morning. She was struggling to tell him to stop, stop visiting, stop .

stop Chad couldn't help but take her in his arms. It was the first time he'd touched her or she'd allowed. She didn't protest. The sobs came in faster and faster, and he didn't care for the looks they got from people passing by. "We can't afford to dream..." she was saying in between hiccups.



It took her a moment to gather herself, and when she did, she pushed him away, wiped her eyes and runny nose, and toughened up once more, like she was used to. "We need you to go. Let our lives get back to their normal, or this life, what little we have left, will destroy every shred of our dignity..."

Chad nodded, barely comprehending what she was saying. Tears stung his eyes vehemently. He was trying to ignore what she was saying to be honest, but he couldn't ignore her tears. "You want me gone?"

She shook her head. "Yes."

"So we say our goodbyes?"

She nodded this time, eyes averted from his. "Yes."

"Is that why you've been avoiding me?" A single drop slithered down his cheek, and he quickly wiped it away, not wanting her to notice.

She nodded. And suddenly, to Chad, the breakup with Setal was nothing compared to this. He'd never realised friendships were harder to lose than dysfunctional relationships.

"I can't do this," she mumbled. "I can't. You don't know how hard this is for me to say, Chad, but I can't..."

Chad felt his throat knotting. "Can I visit?"

She laughed, shaking her head. "No, because this is you visiting."

is "I guess calling is out of the question then?"

"I don't have a phone." She laughed, sniffling into her sleeve again. "Stolen, and I think Bax may have hawked his since he has no one to call." She rose on her tiptoes and kissed his cheek gently. "I hope you will have a wonderful life, I really do." With those words, her footsteps retrieved from him, leaving him standing alone in the middle of the park, cold, a little broken, and friendless. He had Terry, and his family whom he needed to visit soon, but this was different. The loneliness was almost a heavy shadow standing next to him saying, 'Hello, friend,' and he didn't want to say hello back.

'Hello, friend,' Chad waited an hour before realising they truly weren't coming back. This was not a joke. With nothing better to do, he headed home.

He froze as he walked in through the front door. The place was almost as empty as he felt, bare, and not good for anything other than resting a weary head. At least he had this, whereas God only knew how June and Bax spent their nights out there in the cold.

He couldn't sleep that night, worried about his friends. Could he keep away from them? Could he sit without a care in the world at Tylor's café from now on and not feel a thing looking out at the Park? No, he couldn't. Not really. With these thoughts swirling in his head, Chad sat on his bed, trying to distract himself. He'd always written better when he was emotional, and that night he couldn't even describe the feelings. Maybe words will come find him now?

Could he keep away from them? Could he sit without a care in the world at Tylor's café from now on and not feel a thing looking out at the Park? So he sat, in the dark gloomy room with the clock ticking closer to midnight, his legs stretched out before him whereupon his laptop rested, open to a new page. It's small black cursor blinking expectantly at him like an old friend, one who would never tell him to go away. It was a strange feeling, staring at the old object with newfound appreciation. A friend, not foe!

A friend, not foe! He poised his fingers atop the keyboard, resting on the keys out of habit. He closed his eyes, feeling the cold keys beneath his fingertips. He started typing with little thought or plan. It had been weeks, but as he started, the words poured out, words that started as random thoughts, angry thoughts, hurt thoughts. Yet, he was happy he was writing something at least.

When he went over it in the next hour, he sighed, closed the laptop and threw it aside. He'd written a journal entry and that never bode well for him. He would need to see his psychologist soon if that kept up. To get all the junk out so it couldn't pour into his work. Last time he'd let his feelings infuse into one of his books, it hadn't gone down well with the fans. He didn't need that again. Fans were all he had.

Chad could feel the throbbing at his temples and welcomed the pain. At least, for the moment, they were distracting him from his actual problem. He'd lost two people he cared for, all in a day. He closed his eyes and welcomed the uncomfortable sleep with its disturbing dreams.

When he woke, the sun was hiding like a shy child behind a heavy blanket of clouds. He could smell the wetness lingering in the air before it had even rained. He forced himself out of bed and changed into a tracksuit, and left the house on foot, minus an umbrella. He needed a walk, to feel the cold against his face, to feel the hard ground beneath his feet. Eventually, the heavens opened as he completed his first lap around the block. He contemplated walking into the house and grabbing an umbrella, but by that point he was wet to the bones. Besides, he was sure the one umbrella he remembered might have been Setal's and therefore no longer in his house. He spun himself around with an extra spring in his step, having dodge that bullet, and powered on down the street, determined to complete another lap. When the rain became too much, he found himself a shelter beneath a quaint store's awnings.

The door behind him opened, and a small lady appeared, holding a styrofoam cup out to him. "I thought you could do with a cuppa." She smiled as Chad reached for the offering, and just like that, she disappeared back inside the store. As he sipped that cup of hot tea while watching the rain pour down, cold and shivering, it finally hit him. How June and Bax must have felt every time he met them with food and a warm drink. A mixture of gratitude, disbelief, anger, and shame, and he began understanding why she sent him away.

A mixture of gratitude, disbelief, anger, and shame, Keeping away from Hyde Park or Tylor's café for the next few days was hard to do. He couldn't bring himself to walk to the station, catch a train, and go to the café to sit there, pretending as if the last weeks had been his imagination. As if June and Bax no longer existed other than in the realms of his mind.

♡

One morning, few days since their breakup, Chad sat on his kitchen bench-top, legs folded beneath him, eating from a bag of red seedless grapes, still in his pyjamas. He had turned into a recluse, even more so than before. This was what he was reduced to so he could respect June's wishes. He sat and listened to the radio, cranked up high, his only human contact in the last forty-eight hours. He wasn't paying attention to it either until a news bulletin sent him flying off the bench-top and pouncing on the radio, listening intently.

In other breaking news, a bearded, unidentified, middle-aged man, one of Sydney's many living on the streets, has been pronounced dead upon arrival at Royal Alfred after coming under a bus in the early morning traffic, outside St James station. Horrified witnesses say they saw the man run straight into oncoming traffic on Elizabeth Street, sustaining injuries that proved fatal. The police are urging anyone with information regarding the man or his next of kin to come forward.

In other breaking news, a bearded, unidentified, middle-aged man, one of Sydney's many living on the streets, has been pronounced dead upon arrival at Royal Alfred after coming under a bus in the early morning traffic, outside St James station. Horrified witnesses say they saw the man run straight into oncoming traffic on Elizabeth Street, sustaining injuries that proved fatal. The police are urging anyone with information regarding the man or his next of kin to come forward. A chill coursed through Chad again and again. Something told him he knew the man. He quickly changed into whatever clothes he could find around his bed, not caring for a shower, or comb his dishevelled hair. Or address the three-day shadow decorating his face. He grabbed his coat and ran out the door, leaving the radio on behind him in an empty house.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Olesky@Ohurtsov on Pixabay)

Olesky@Ohurtsov





5. A Forgotten Man


The entire way to the park, to that old bench where it all started, Chad thought about Bax. Was it him? Was the man on the news, him? Even though he'd promised June he'd leave them be, he had made no such promise to Bax. For the hour it took him to emerge from St James station and head into Hyde Park, panic welled up, suffocating him. As if all the oxygen in the world wasn't enough. Was he going to end up at an empty bench? Or would he see two friendly faces? He hoped it was the latter.

Was it him? Was the man on the news, him? The figure hunched over on the bench, meters away, was June, all alone. For a brief moment, he stopped and glanced back at Elizabeth Street, to the traffic that flowed without a hint of the morning's tragedy. It was almost lunchtime, and the park was teeming with people on their lunch break.

He weaved his way around several people on the lawn before reaching her, with her head in her palms. He could feel several sets of eyes watching him as he approached the homeless woman. They were probably wondering what the hell he was doing.

"June..."

She looked up, eyes swollen and red. It took his breath away, the grief on her face, and he didn't care for the glares they were receiving. "That was him?" he asked.

She nodded, dropping her gaze to his shoes. "I was trying to stop him..." she said with a shake of her head. "Stop him from going there to ask about..." She glanced across the road in a quiver.

Chad followed her gaze to Tylor's café. No!

No! "He missed you..." she managed before sobs took over. Chad sat beside her, taking her by the shoulders, only to feel her body tremble at his touch. "I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry! None of this would have happened if it wasn't for me," her voice broke.

"It was an accident." He pulled her closer, but her sobs got the better of her. People stared with their lunch on hold, their faces contorting in disdain. Someone even called out 'Get a room!' which made Chad lose his cool. He yelled at the next person walking by, glaring. "What the hell are you staring at?"

June pushed herself away from him and stood. "You came?"

"I had to."

She edged a little further from him, wiping tears from her cheeks, aware of the stares they were getting. Awkward and exposed, when all she wanted to do was turn off the sun and hide. She eyed the people staring at Chad as if he'd lost his mind, hanging out with the likes of her.

"They seem so angry..." She sighed, looking around them, anywhere but at Chad.

"Let them stare if they must." He rose with his attention solely on her. "Let's get you out of here."

"And go where? Where will you take me?" There was a hint of panic in her tone. "I don't need you to take care of me. That's not why I'm here. I lost someone I cared about..." she struggled with her words. "I needed to see..."

"A friend." He stepped a little closer. His voice tender, "I know."

She could not fight the tears again. "I feel so alone, so alone."

Determined not to cry in public, Chad blinked his eyes dry. "Let's get you out of here. Will you come with me?"

She shied away from him as a passerby gave her a dirty look. She wiped the moisture from her cheeks, and asked, "And go where?"

"Grab your stuff."

She obliged, even letting him carry one of her belongings.

Chad walked ahead, towards the station, and she followed close behind, vulnerable as strangers gawked at the unthinkable.

A few steps ahead, Chad barked at the nearest huddle of people on the grass. "Anyone ever told you, staring is rude?" And people turned away, minding their own business, or at least until the two had passed. June wished wherever he was taking her had better be people-free, but it wasn't to be. Few steps ahead, he headed into the train station, down a set of stairs and into a tunnel beneath the park. The concentration of people lessened enough that she felt safe to talk.



"Can you tell me where we're going, please?"

Chad turned, allowing people behind them to walk on ahead. "I'm taking you home."

She almost lost the grip on her bag. "I can't."

"Why not?"

"I can't," she said again, stepping away from him, unsure. "I can't ask that of you."

"You'd much rather stay up there on the streets by yourself?" he asked, baffled.

"It wouldn't be right," she answered after a long time.

He took a step in her direction, making her more nervous before he realised. "June, I'm not leaving you here alone."

"Why not?"

"Because it's not right."

"You don't even know me!"

"No, but I'd like to."

"I'm not that kind of girl." She shook her head.

Chad laughed, his laughter echoing down the tunnel. People looked back at them. "I'm not that kind of guy either." He dropped her bag on the ground and gently took her by her shoulders. "I've just come out of a very long, stressful relationship. Women are the last thing on my mind." And he was right. They were the last thing on his mind, right after saving his career from flat-lining and all he had to do was write the next book which he was a little more than struggling with.

June blinked at him in shock. He cracked a smile. "I just want company. The house is too quiet. I can't concentrate on my work when I feel like I'm the last man alive." When she remained quiet, he went on. "You need a space that is warm and safe, and I need someone to say hello to when I bump into you in the hall or at breakfast."

June shook her head in disbelief.

"Besides, I won't forgive myself if something happened to you too." He trailed off.

"You can't take every homeless home." Her voice was small.

"I'm not." He picked up her bag off the floor, resolute. "I'm taking home a friend." He started walking further into the station. "You coming then?"

"I won't sleep with you, you know!" she called after him, following him despite her apprehension. What could be worse than being alone on the streets, vulnerable to the elements and the monsters that be?

Chad laughed ahead. "Good. Then I don't have to say no. I don't like hurting people's feelings."

She smiled. She liked Chad, as odd as he was. She spared a thought for Bax as Chad bought her a ticket from the machine. She wondered if they would have met again had it not been for Bax's accident. Chad felt like an angel in disguise, like Bax had been once. Angels when she'd needed them the most.

"What?" he asked, catching her lost in her thoughts.

She took the ticket he offered. "I don't know how to thank you. For today, or the month..." He shrugged, but she wasn't done. "Thank you for giving him something to look forward to all those days. It meant a lot to him."

"It meant a lot to me too." Chad briskly nodded. He didn't want to have that conversation yet. He turned to the electronic gates as tears pricked his eyes. "Shall we go? The train's in a few minutes."

June followed him through the gates and onto the platform. It was sprinkled with half a dozen strangers. "I shouldn't have asked you to stay away," she finally managed as a train pulled along the platform, drowning her out.

He said nothing and stepped into the carriage. She followed close.

The ride to his station was short, with June too distracted by the sights to speak. It had been a while since her last train ride. When the train pulled into his station, Chad rose. "This is us."



As they approached the gates, a ticket officer wanting to see a valid ticket stopped her. The man eyed her from head to toe, and she couldn't imagine what a sight she'd be. She'd avoided her reflection like the plague these days. She held out her valid ticket, one he scrutinised suspiciously till Chad returned to save her.

"Is there a problem?"

The officer shook his head and walked away, leaving June reeling.

"Come on, let's go." He escorted her towards the gates and allowed her to go through first, before following. Once outside, he spoke grimly, "I'm sorry about that. Are you okay?"

"Not the first time, Chad." She laughed.

"Still. Hope you don't mind a walk." He turned down a street, his pace brisk, requiring her to jog along intermittently to keep up.

When they happened upon his front door, the quaint centennial house took June by surprise. It wasn't what she had expected, not for Chad. She had expected something bigger, perhaps from the way he'd described the empty halls.

She examined the tiny facade with its aged wrought-iron grills on the balcony above. "It's cute." Her gaze floated up to the small windows and their horizontal slates. She could almost imagine him, a coffee mug in hand, waving at his neighbours.

"Wait till you see the inside." He laughed, turning the key.

What June entered was nothing more than a smallish lounge with a dusty grey two-seater sofa and the blandest of a bland coffee table. "Did you get robbed?" she asked timidly stepping into the room, afraid to disturb potential evidence the police might need.

"What? Why?"

"It's empty!"

Chad laughed, shutting the door behind him. "This is all I have."

She stared at the sparse room, speechless.

"It's a long story, and it gets very lonely wandering the house alone."

"Now you have someone to wander with," she said with a smile and she meant it.

He threw his keys on the table, and the two stood there awkwardly. Chad hadn't exactly planned on bringing June home when he'd left. There had been no sane thought in his head all morning until he'd seen her, devastated on that bench. He couldn't walk away this time.

June bit her lip. "Can I use your bathroom to clean up?" It was a hard question for her to ask, but in the super sterile room Chad called a lounge, she felt, for the first time, very filthy. As if, were she to take another step into the room, she'd contaminate the hell out of it and they'd have to burn the house down to fumigate it. Then Chad wouldn't be happy he'd brought her home, would he? Company or not.

"Yeah, sure." He placed her bag by the sofa and headed up the narrow stairs to show her where the bathroom was. "Do you have anything clean to wear?"

June stopped at the top of the stairs. Her cheeks flushing strawberry red despite her tan.

"I didn't mean it that way!" He quickly recovered. "It's just that, I'm sure you'd feel better in fresh clothes and I wasn't sure whether you'd had a chance to clean yours out there."

Her jaw dropped bit by bit with every word.

Chad swore under his breath. "That came out wrong, didn't it?" She nodded. "All I meant was, I could give you something in the meantime... that doesn't help either, huh?" She shook her head again, and he stepped aside from the bathroom door. It was all he could do before shoving his proverbial giant foot into his mouth again.

June shut herself in the clean bathroom and washed her face, brushed her teeth, all the while wondering if it was all a mistake, coming here. Any moment now, Chad was about to wake up to the reality that he'd brought home a complete stranger and he'd ask her to leave. Any moment now.

Any moment now. A moment later, a knock sounded on the closed door, and she braced herself. This is it, this is where he will say it . 'Sorry, changed my mind, please get out. Thank you.'

This is it, this is where he will say it She took a moment before opening the door, steeling herself, ready to brave the cold, harsh again, and this, alone.

But there was no Chad standing by the door when she opened it. Instead, there was a small pile of necessities left for her to use: towel, trackies, t-shirt, and a jumper. She smiled, picking up the offering and closing the door again, her heart heavy with relief. She had a place to sleep tonight at least. A safe and warm place, despite what tomorrow may bring.

Meanwhile, in the kitchen downstairs, Chad wanted to bury his head in sand. For all his writerly skills, he lacked social skills when it counted. Regardless, now wasn't the time for sand-diving. He needed to recover from his lack of empathy and make the woman feel at home, even though somewhere in the back of his mind, the part that was sane, was telling him off. Reminding him that the last time he brought a strange woman home, she never wanted to leave.

An unwelcomed shiver slithered down his spine at the thought of Cassie, and Chad shook his head, banishing the terrifying thought. "She's in goal," he reminded himself as he went about making a fresh pot of coffee, and see to the stack of dirty dishes in the sink before the girl saw it, and thoroughly decided that her new house mate was an utter and complete slob.

He pushed up his sleeves and dug in to tackle the mess, welcoming the sound of the shower turning on upstairs. He was no longer stuck in the house alone, with nothing but his thoughts. He had someone to say hello to now. The thought gave him some comfort. He hoped she wouldn't change her mind come morning and leave, going back out there into the cold, unsafe world. But for now, she was safe. Safe and warm.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Free-Photos on Pixabay)

Free-Photos





6. A Date with the Devil


Chad lay on his back, atop the covers, his head cradled in his hand over his pillows. He listened to the sounds of the night, to the dull humming of Earth itself. Nothing else stirred that frigid winter night of early July. If he closed his eyes, he'd forget June was in the house too.

The night was young and draped its darkness over him till it chilled him to the bone. He listened for a sign, any sign before stealing out of his room into the hallway to stare at her closed door, which was sparsely furnished and she had a bed to sleep on. Chad walked to the door and listened. She was as quiet as a mouse, not a sound, and for some odd reason, he missed Setal's light purr. It had reminded him he wasn't alone. With June, she was as if a ghost, there but not there. Even at dinner, which had been home delivery from a local fish and chips shop, she'd barely spoken. It was the reason he was having a hard time falling asleep, in case he woke up to find her gone. She hadn't wanted to come.

Chad heard the floor creak somewhere, and he bolted back into his room. Maybe she was awake!

Maybe she was awake! ♡

His phone's ringtone woke him up hours later, and he half fell out of bed. The sun was up and he rubbed sleep off his eyes before answering it, too tempted to stay under the warm covers. "Terry," he tried to sound awake.

"Chad." The way Terry spoke was slow, almost calculated. "I'm assuming you've been hard at work, late into the nights to have forgotten our meeting, again."

Chad sprang up, awake. "I did? Oh, holly. Sorry, Terr."

"No." She laughed. It was a rare thing and a dangerous thing, her angry, gritty laugh. She reserved them for his major fuckups. "We have a meeting at eleven, and I'm making sure I don't find you in your pyjamas again."

"You're coming here?" His phone beeped, and as Terry was saying, "I'm in the-" The phone flashed 'LOW BATTERY' and died in his grip.

He coaxed himself out of bed, heading down to find the charger. When he emerged at the foot of the stairs, which led into the lounge and kitchen combined, he saw June huddled up on the sofa with a book and a mug of coffee. He had almost forgotten she was there.

"Hey!" he managed.

"Morning." She pulled the book down and smiled. "Hope you don't mind I made myself some coffee." Chad shook his head, eyeing the book title. "I can make you some too," she offered.

"No." He rolled the phone side to side in his palm. "It's okay, I'll make some. I was on the phone with my ed... boss, and the phone died." He pointed to the charging station on the kitchen benchtop next to the coffee machine like a child, though it was out of her sight. "I should charge it so I can call her back."

"Hope you're not late for work. What is it you do, anyway? I've always wondered." She smiled at him.

"I work from home." He rushed to the kitchen and struggled to dock his energy sapped phone. "Umm..." Quick, come up with something! His mind couldn't come up with anything, however. He was still trying to wake up, for God's sake. "I... uh..."

Quick, come up with something! "You don't have to tell me. Never mind. I shouldn't have asked." She bit her lip, remorseful. Maybe Chad didn't want to tell her, and that was okay. She returned to the book, hoping he wasn't offended, or worse. She'd found the book on one of the many bookshelves in the hallway upstairs and picked it up this morning since she had nothing to do.

Meanwhile, in the kitchen, Chad sipped coffee from his mug as he waited for his phone to return to life, impatient. He called Terry as soon as the phone came back to life. But, he wouldn't let Terry get much more than a few words so that June wouldn't overhear the conversation, nor find out how miserably he was failing at his job. A job he couldn't tell her about.



"11 am it is!" he cried out as soon as the phone connected. "Sorry, phone died. I'll meet you at the café at 11. Ciao."

"Chad..." she started to say, but he disconnected the phone, gulped down the lukewarm watery coffee and dashed upstairs to get changed in a hurry. Minutes later, he was already down, showered and clean, and grabbing his phone and wallet from the benchtop when a knock sounded on the front door.

He eyed the time on his phone. It was nearing eleven. Terry. Fuck! She is here. He knew it. He just knew it.

Terry. Fuck! She is here. "You want me to get that?" June put the book down, stirring him into action. He was at the door within seconds to find Terry smiling smugly.

"I thought we were meeting at the café."

She pushed past him, her handbag tucked under one arm, and the other holding a large paper bag that smelled of fresh pastries. "No. You said café without giving me a chance to say I was already there and ordering us breakfast. Am I right in assuming you still have no food in this house?"

She walked in and stopped short of the sofa, eyeing June inquisitively. She forced a smile. "Hi," she chirped when she really wanted to say 'What's this?' to Chad. This is why he was blowing off another meeting, a girl, and so young too?

'What's this?' "Hi," June replied, slightly intimidated by the immaculate goddess eyeing her like a flea.

Terry placed the pastry bag on the table, the smell of which sent June's tummy rumbling. She was starved. There was indeed nothing in Chad's fridge or pantry worth eating without taking a serious bio-hazard risk. There was a half-finished block of blue cheese in the fridge she was sure had started life as a block of cheddar.

Terry turned to Chad. "I thought we could talk better here without all the noise." Her wide eyes kept glancing in June's direction. "I didn't know you had company."

Chad smiled. This was the first time Terry seemed interested in his personal life, or the company. "This is June. June, this is Terry, my boss ."

boss "Excuse the sloppy man, June." Terry shook June's cold hand in her gloved ones. "If I didn't know he had a way with written words, I would have never believed the boy could write, let alone bestsellers." She glanced at the book in June's grasp.

June smiled, though she did not understand what Terry was on about. "Chad writes?" was all she could string together for fear of sounding 'sloppy'.

Terry laughed such a cacophony it shocked June into silence. "Chad writes? Oh dear, you're a charmer." It took her all of a few seconds to compose her demeanour and glance at the book again. It had 'Zachary Eve' written in big letters across the bottom of the cover page. "How's the read?"

June shrugged, stroking the book's spine. "I don't know yet. I only started it this morning."

Terry nodded, nestling her handbag on the other end of the sofa. "Tell me how it is at the end." She then turned to Chad, looking aghast. "Shall we leave June to her lazy Saturday read and take our breakfast, and work, to your study?"

Chad immediately led Terry to the study, his garage-converted-to-office at the back of the house. A garage was wasted on him as he never liked parking in that compact room of doom. He was always afraid he'd take out a supporting pylon or something and bring the entire house down, roof and all.

"Thanks for not outing me!" he whispered, once safely inside the study with the door closed behind.

"She's pretty." Terry shrugged.

"It's not what you think." He pulled a chair out for her to sit. "I'll get us a pot of coffee." And with that, he slipped out of the room, feeling Terry's eyes on the back of his head.



"Don't forget some pastries," she called out.

Within minutes of being locked up with Terry, Chad had his head in his palms and she had lost a few shades of colour from her cheeks. "You what?" she finally asked, quietly, reserved, the hot coffee going cold in her vice grip.

"I don't have a story," he mumbled into his palms.

"You've got nothing to show?"

He shook his head.

"No ideas?"

"Nada." He looked up, feeling sorry for Terry having to deal with him. She was looking like someone had slapped her across the face, and it might as well have been him.

"So, what have you been doing this month?" She carefully placed the cup on the desk.

Chad looked towards the closed door of his study, and Terry understood.

"Her? She's taken your month? Who is she? Family?" He shook his head. "Chad!" She nearly yelled, flustered by his incompetence.

That began a long-drawn-out afternoon of Chad recounting the month to Terry. The real story behind why he had a stranger sitting in his lounge room, reading one of his bestsellers without the slightest idea who he was, the author.

Terry took a good minute or two to think in silence. The last time Chad had felt this nervous might have been on his first date with Setal, or his high school English exam because he'd felt sure his entire future depended on it, a bit like his current position. Terry could make or break his career moving forward, whether he wrote that next bestseller.

"I couldn't leave her in the park, not after that." He got up to stretch his legs, and grabbed the empty coffeepot, heading off for another brew.

"It's fantastic." Terry blurted, coming back to life.

"What?" Chad almost dropped the glass pot.

"The story, Chad. It's fantastic!" She rose from her chair with a ridiculous grin that made Chad ever-so-slightly worried.

"Terry, that wasn't a story. I was just telling you what I did last month."

"I know." The grin on her face widened. She stepped closer to him. "That's what makes it fantastic. I want you to write it!"

"You want me to write that into a book?" He eyed her curiously. "I met a homeless girl in a park and brought her home to keep her safe?" he asked blandly. Terry was usually full of brilliant ideas and notes on his stories, but not today it seemed.

"Yes!" she nodded. "Use it. Can't you see the story in there? It can make them cry, or make them laugh because you are very goofy and it's cute." She took him by the arms, squeezing his biceps in excitement. "Make them think it is real, the pain, the anguish, the confusion, the lost writer and a homeless girl, falling in love, despite their age, their status. I mean, come on, I couldn't have even come up with this if I had tried."

She shook him for good measure and kissed him hard on the lips. Nothing arousing about it, not for either, saying, "Oh, I could kiss you, that's how good this is!"

"Terry." Chad stared at the woman in awe, or terror, he couldn't decide. Usually, when it came to Terry, it was a mixed bag of feelings.

She was excited about a book only she could see. "It's too personal. You told me never to do anything personal," he said after a little while.

"Fuck what I said," she grabbed his shirt, fiercely moved. "Chad, I have goosebumps. Goosebumps. Imagine what the readers will have. Besides, nothing that happens to a writer is off-limits, hun." She let go, straightened herself out and patted his shoulder awkwardly before heading for the door. "Right. I'm off, but yeah, keep me posted. I want the story, Chad, so you better get on it. Chop, chop."

Terry glided across the lounge room, where June was no longer sitting, reading. Had she heard what Terry had said and fled, he wondered . June had been very clear on 'I'm not that kind of girl,' deal, and he'd agreed.

Had she heard what Terry had said and fled, . 'I'm not that kind of girl,' Terry grabbed her bag, buttoned her jacket and stared at the empty coffee cup on the table. She looked up in time to see Chad walk into the kitchen and put the pot away.

"There's a story there, Chad. Nurture it, or let it happen." The smile on her face when he came to see her out the door was pure mischief.

"She's not that kind of girl," he hissed quietly.

"Then make her?" Terry winked devilishly. "All right, I'm off. Get me that story, lover boy."

He felt the weight of his world push him down when she left. He couldn't see the story she saw. Not a story that was possible anyway. He would have to make shit up and making shit up was hard especially shit about love. Not to mention, all he could see was June, Bax, and himself. Three different people, maybe even interesting people, but no story. Bax was dead. June was technically no longer homeless. And he was where he'd been a month ago, back to being that desperate writer scared to step on the green turf of Hyde Park, and no story within sight.

Chad went back to his study and fetched his laptop. He sat at the kitchen benchtop bathed in the warm afternoon sunlight. It wasn't the most comfortable place to work, but at least he could see June coming downstairs. He was about to chronicle the last month and see if he could see what Terry saw. He didn't want June to feel that he had been self-serving when he helped her. It had been in the beginning, but then, friendship had gotten in the way. His heart was involved now for what it was worth, and it thundered nervously as what he was about to do. What if she ever found out what he was attempting?

He stared at his nemesis, the blank page, once again. He flexed his fingers, cracked them, and twisted them through one another, delaying the inevitable search for this elusive story Terry wanted. His gut was saying no, his head was saying no, and his heart was saying 'don't even think about it,' but a small voice somewhere deep, deep inside, was daring, and coaxing him to save himself. It's just a story , it was saying. No harm ever came from a story.

It's just a story No harm ever came from a story. Chad started typing.

He could try it out, and if nothing came from the attempt, then that'd be that. June didn't need to know. Not yet, not until it developed into something, if it ever developed.

It began: It wasn't my usual morning.

It wasn't my usual morning.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Tayeb Mezahdia on Pixaby)

Tayeb Mezahdia





7. Something for the Lady


It was getting dark inside when Chad finally stopped working, wondering where June had disappeared to. He'd written over a thousand words of gibberish and failed to see the entire picture, or even where he was going with it. He was, however, semi glad he had written something . He folded the laptop away and slid off the benchtop, unable to feel his butt any longer as numb as it was.

something "June," he called out, staring up the stairs. Moments later, she walked down, rubbing the sleep of her eyes.

"You finished?" she asked with a smile.

"Finished?"

"With the lady."

"Oh, yes. She left ages ago. I completely forgot to tell you."

June shrugged. "It's okay."

"You hungry?" he asked, realising he was quite starving.

"Famished." She laughed, eyeing the coffee cup she'd left on the table.

"Is that all you've had?" Chad asked, a little shaken. "Why didn't you tell me? I'm sure there's something in the fridge."

"Actually, Chad, there's nothing in your house to eat," she said sheepishly, "but it's okay. I slept it off."

"Slept if off?"

"Bax and I do... did it all the time." She shrugged.

"You should have told me," he said disappointed in himself so much so he immediately strode up the stairs, calling out, "Get ready. We're going out."

"You don't have to get me anything," she called out, staring up at the top of the stairs, unable to tell him she had nothing suitable for 'going out'.

Somewhere from the upper level, he replied. "I'm hungry. Besides, as you pointed out, there is no food in the house, at least nothing we should eat, anyway." As he ran downstairs, buttoning up his fresh shirt, he smiled a careless smile she hadn't seen on him before. "I hate going shopping alone."

June gave a weak smile in return and asked, "Do I look okay like this?"

Chad eyed her for the first time from toes to head without shame. Those few seconds of scrutiny, however, made her feel as if she were standing in front of him, stark naked, which she wasn't. She was wearing his old house pants and a big t-shirt he had given her so generously the day before, while telling in no certain terms that maybe her things could do with a nice hot wash.

Chad said nothing for a moment and retraced his steps back upstairs. "Be back in a jiffy." And he was, in less than a minute, he appeared at the top of the stairs in an old drawstring linen pants and a faded polo shirt. He smiled charmingly and approached her. June watched him as he came down. Once there, he eyed her t-shirt. "May I?"

She barely nodded and suddenly gasped as Chad grabbed the bottom of her extra-long t-shirt and started trimming it around her waist so it looked more retro than drab. He even gave it a fringe. Then he took a step back and smiled. "That okay?"

She glanced down at the new look. The fringe looked rather nice. She eyed his clothes. "You didn't have to change for me."

"That shirt wasn't comfortable anyway, and the pants, well, it didn't match the polo." He walked past her, turning on the light in the lounge as they headed for the door. "Do you like Thai? There's a cute little restaurant near the shops. Afterwards, we can pop into Woolies and grab some grocery."

"Sounds nice." June wasn't entirely sure she liked Thai. She couldn't do too much spice, but she could hear her tummy rumbling. Chad had done her so much kindness already, and she didn't want to demand the food be to her liking.



♡

Chad ordered their meals and watched other patrons for want of things. "How are you finding the book?" he asked casually to fill the awkward silence. He had no desire to mix June into this alternate world of words he lived in. He liked that she was in his real world and not some character in his story. She was in his life, unlike so many people who'd slowly drifted away. He couldn't quite recall the last time he'd even chatted with his mother on the phone. He must try to do that more often, he thought, until he realised June was speaking. He tuned in.

"...not bad so far." She sipped her water, trying not to think about food. "I don't normally read romance."

Chad laughed, though slightly on edge. "It's not really a romance, is it?"

June narrowed her eyes at him as the waitress brought over their entrée. "It's not your book, is it?"

Chad almost burned his tongue, accidentally biting too much of the piping hot food. He coughed and gave his head a slight shake. "What?" When he was really thinking, who told you?

who told you? June laughed. "It's in your house?"

"Oh."

"What did you think I meant?"

"That it's my book because it's in my house," Chad conceded.

June didn't think much of Chad's nervousness and started on her cooling spring roll. Chad breathed a sigh of relief. He didn't want her to know who he was, because, with it always came reactions he didn't care for unless he was in a bookstore with a wall of his books behind him, and an acid-free pen in his grip, signing away as Zachary Eve.

"I don't mind the writing, to be honest." June busied herself with the fish cakes placed on their table. "Kind of surprised at how soft it is, especially since it's coming from a guy."

"No?"

"No." She looked up. "Have you read any of them?"

"They are in my house, aren't they?"

June stared at him for a while and suddenly laughed. "I can't imagine you sitting down to read a novel like that."

Chad felt something akin to a stab on his sides, and heat creeping up his collar onto his neck. He cleared his throat somberly. "They are my ex's books. Guess in her hurry, she forgot about them," he lied through his teeth . There was no way he would tell her he wrote them. No way in hell!

through his teeth No way in hell! "I'm glad she did." Her eyes lit up briefly. "She was a fan?"

Chad scoffed into his glass, contemplated the question, and shook his head. "I'm not sure."

"But there are like nine books in the house by the same author!"

Chad shrugged, cutting into a tiny piece of chicken on his pad Thai that barely called for a knife. "She left them behind, didn't she? So I guess she's not much of a fan." After a moment, he couldn't resist sounding rather cut. "Archer Eve, or whatever his name is..."

June laughed so hard she almost snorted. "Listen to you. You sound so jealous." Chad shrugged. "Besides, his name's Zachery Eve."

Chad shrugged again and went on eating.

"First time I've heard of him though," she was saying in between bites of food.

Chad's phone rang in time for him to put a stop to the uncomfortable conversation. It was a private number. "Hello, Za...Chad Gilligan." All that talk of Zachery Eve had almost had him spilling his own beans.

The colour drained from his face when he heard silence. He'd completely forgotten about the midnight prank calls he'd been getting lately. "Who is this?" he demanded with a harsh but low tone. When no reply came, he hung up the phone, a little frazzled.



"Everything okay?"

"Wrong number."

♡

Chad pushed the trolley slowly down the aisle. "Pick whatever you like," he said at the wall of cereal when his phone rang again. It was a private caller again. "Who the hell is this?" he hissed. His pressure rose as he heard the music in the background. He could almost feel the onset of a headache and cursed, ending the call and putting his phone on silence. June held up a box of cereal and he shook his head, walking ahead.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing."

She shuffled alongside him. "Something is. Every time your phone rings, you look a little sick."

He shrugged. "Wrong number."

"Maybe it's an international call." She held up another box for Chad to inspect. "My folks used to get them all the time..." She stopped right there, feeling a knot in her throat. She turned to the wall and put the box back, muttering. "I don't like this one, anyway." She didn't need to cry in the middle of a grocery aisle. She grabbed some breakfast biscuits and dumped them in the trolley.

Chad walked alongside her, not saying a word. He was lost in his thoughts, thoughts that alarmed him. Thoughts of Cassie Micah, naked in his bed. A shiver coursed through him. "Maybe it was a telemarketing call..." he accepted.

Thoughts of Cassie Micah, naked in his bed. He pushed the trolley further on. "You never talk about your parents." He watched her, avoiding him.

"Not a very interesting story." She turned with a forced smile. "I had them, and then I didn't."

Chad knew not to probe but he couldn't help wonder about her past, a past that had somehow brought this fairly sophisticated young woman on the streets. Maybe in her story lay his inspiration. Maybe June was his knight in shining armour, bearing a riveting story and his salvation.

When they got home, it was past nine, and June excused herself to her room on pretence she was sleepy. She thanked him for dinner and bid him goodnight before stealing away like a ghost once more.

Chad made himself a coffee, sat down on the sofa and stared at the space where a TV used to be. That little tension headache from the grocery store turning into a massive migraine, causing his eyes to feel like they were being squeezed. He rubbed his eyes, massaged his temples and brought out his phone to find three more missed calls from a private number. He turned his phone off, then one by one, walked around the bottom floor, checking that all the doors and windows were locked securely. He then dragged himself to his room.

He halted at his door and turned back around, having heard a noise. He listened carefully, his paranoia rising a little higher than usual since June was in the house with him. The noise was coming from behind June's closed door. He approached cautiously, distinguishing the noise as sobs. He wished he could knock on her door and walk in to check if she was okay. Then again, she probably needed to be alone, otherwise, she wouldn't have excused herself.

He let her be, and slightly saddened, returned to his room, drew the curtains close and fell onto the bed. The throbbing in his head becoming as loud as drum beats. Go to the doctor you goose , he thought to self, and ask for mega-migraine-killing-pills-of-wonder . What a thing to happen at an end of a fine day, taken hostage by his head. His thoughts thus reeled to June, and her sobs, then as a side effect of thinking about June's sobs, he thought of her story. He pressed his head in between his two hands and tried drifting off to sleep with thoughts of her story.

Go to the doctor you goose and ask for mega-migraine-killing-pills-of-wonder When June came down the next morning, eyes raw and red from the night, she found Chad bunched up on the couch, pressing his temples with his palms as if he were trying to shut out paranormal noise.



"You okay?" she called out, slightly concerned at the sight.

Chad peeked around his hand and barely gave an indecipherable nod. "Peachy."

"You look like death." She walked over, inspecting him. "Did you sleep at all?" He barely shook his head. "What's wrong?"

"Migraine. Mother of a migraine!" he mumbled, almost rocking like a haunted child.

Chad could hear her walk away and was glad. She was only talking as a concerned friend, but to him, she may as well have been banging cymbals next to his head. A moment later, he felt a light pressure on top of his head. June's hands running through his hair. He tried looking up, but his eyes would barely open against the onslaught of the bright morning light.

"Try to relax, one breath at a time," she spoke in a hush as she continued massaging his head. Chad could feel something wet slicking through his hair.

"What is it?"

"It's oil and water. Mum used to do this for me whenever I had a bad headache. It helps. Trust me."

Chad didn't care if it would work, eventually. He knew she was pressing pressure points that gave him some relief. He couldn't tell how long she'd kept it up. Soon, he was getting drowsy, and went to rise so he could take himself to bed. She held him down gently.

"Don't move. Lie down and sleep here."

Like a baby, Chad did as he was told. He cocooned himself on the sofa. He could hear June go around the floor, closing all curtains and turning off lights, plunging the house in a greyish light. He closed his eyes and couldn't remember hearing anything else, nor feeling any more pain. He drifted off slowly.

When he woke, in the late afternoon, the house was clean and empty. "June," he called, slowly taking himself upstairs, finally glad he could move without the dinner threatening to make a re-appearance on a grand scale. "June?"

He walked past her door, slightly ajar, and called out again, but no response. Instead of panicking that maybe she was gone, he dragged his groggy self into the shower and stood under the refreshing drops. She'd probably fallen asleep because the house was so quiet and there was nothing to keep her entertained, not even a lousy TV, a lousy TV he could afford.

Stepping into his room fresher, he saw the carnage of his phone near the opposite wall. He couldn't even remember throwing it against the wall. It lay in pieces: the battery here, and back cover there. He slowly gathered the remnants only to find the screen shattered.

He sighed. He hated shopping, but phone shopping was a whole other level of irritating. There was a reason he hadn't changed his phones as often as the entire world seemed to do these days. He had liked his dinosaur and hoped they could repair it.

Thus, mournful, he marched downstairs, the skeletal remains gripped in hand. He was starving. The day was drawing close, and as he reached for the fridge door, he could hear the rain starting outside, pitter-pattering against the house. He heard a squeal, and seconds later, June came rushing in from the small backyard, slightly wet from the sudden downpour. The little book she held above her head had offered next to no cover.

"It's raining," she blurted, noticing Chad staring at her.

"I see that." He eyed the many spatters of moisture on her.

"How's your head?" She smiled.

"Still there." He smiled back, reaching for the coffee grounds on the benchtop and setting up a fresh pot. "Want some?"

"Yes, please." She popped the book open on the counter, face down. "I'm going to get into dry clothes." With that, she left him to his pot of coffee. Curiously, he picked up the book on the open pages and glanced at the page number. She was flying through the read, and she'd only started the day before. The thought made him smile, and he placed the book as it was before she re-emerged into the kitchen, all smiles.

"Want to go phone shopping tomorrow with me?" he asked, sliding a mug of steaming hot coffee when she came back.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





(Image by Free-Photos on Pixabay)

Free-Photos





8. Bottom's Up


June had fallen asleep with the book clutched in her grasp. When she woke, the house was wafting with a wonderful aroma that sent her tummy rumbling. Chad was cooking. She stole herself into the kitchen where he busily stirred a saucepan full of some concoction that made her mouth salivate.

"You cook?" she asked, pleasantly surprised. In fact, Chad was a surprising guy she was finding. Layers that seemed so random, yet so him.

Chad jumped, splattering a spoonful of tomato sauce on himself and the floor. "Aw, Jesus!" He turned with a dollop of sauce clinging to his left cheek. June couldn't help but laugh. She walked on over, ran a finger across the sauce on his cheek and tasted it with a grin.

"It's good." She watched him blush as she leaned against the basin. "What is it?"

"One-pot rice I learned from a friend." He wiped his face on his apron, an apron that was a bit too frilly and looked ridiculous on him. An apron June was eyeing meticulously.

"It's a cute look on you." Her brows danced as she grabbed the spatula off him and went to stir the sauce and lick the spoon. "Was it a present?"

Chad glanced at the pink, strawberry patterned apron with black frills at the bottom. It made him look like a ridiculous version of a pin-up girl. "It was my ex's." He pursed his lips. No sooner had he said this, he took the embarrassing thing off and threw it across the benchtop. He disappeared into his study and emerged with an expensive-looking bottle of red still in its original wooden crate. "You drink?"

June took another taste of the sauce and licked her lips. "I'm a lightweight."

"That's all right. I'm not any better myself." He fished out a wine bottle opener from the drawer behind her, shoving her out of the way gently to do so. He popped the cork, took a long sniff of the neck and poured it out into two wine glasses. He passed her one before pouring a dash into the sauce followed by the soaked rice. He stirred it once, put a lid on it, and lowered the gas before turning back to his company.

June took a sip of her wine and almost pulled a face. It was a strong taste. "How long have you had that? It's not off, is it?" she asked, dubiously eyeing the bottle.

Chad glanced at the dusty wooden crate with a laugh. He had no idea how long he'd had that wine, but it was cork bottle, and they kept for years. He found it cute that June didn't know much about wine, despite having implied she drank. "Don't know. I've had it for a while, but you sure you drink wine?" He leaned against the fridge with a smile, swirling his glass around like a pro.

"Of course, I do!" she bit back, barely hiding a smile herself. She wasn't really a wine person, no. Give her light beer and ciders any day over the wine. She'd even take the occasional Riesling and some other variety of white, or a Moscato, but reds? They really weren't her thing. "I have had little since, you know." She cocked her head sheepishly. "Not flushed with cash the last few months."

Shit , Chad bit his tongue. He'd put that big fat foot in his mouth again. "Um, yeah, of course. Do you mind if I ask you how...?" he struggled to find the right words this time.

Shit She took another facial-twitch inducing sip of the wine and settled against the counter. "How long have I been on the streets?" she finished the question for him. She knew what he wanted to ask. She'd sensed it off him for days now.

He nodded, looking uncomfortable. "I'm sorry if it's a–"

"No, I don't mind." She interrupted, a little docile herself, however, she did not volunteer the information any more than Chad would admit to being curious about her life before him.

"I can't imagine how tough it was for you, or Bax..." he muttered, still wanting to ask but daring not to. He turned to the rice instead and checked on it. The steam hit his already flushed face as if it were a karmic punishment for prying.



An awkward silence of sorts lingered as Chad stared at the rice. "Do you cook?" he asked, finally turning around to face her.

She shook her head. "I try if that counts."

Chad took another sip, eyeing the saucepan. "Aren't girls meant to know how to cook?" He met her gaze with a faint smile trying to joust her, to get back on her lighter side.

"Aren't you stereotyping?" She held his gaze with a slight smile playing at the corner of her lips.

Chad clinked their glasses and gulped down the rest of his pinot noir. "I don't normally, but all women I have ever known, cook occasionally." June couldn't argue. "So what's your story?" he asked.

"What do you mean?" She drained her glass, shuffled along the counter and poured another glass, probably needing more liquid courage. She did not seem keen to talk about her life. She turned back with the bottle, "Top you up?"

"Everybody has a story." Chad held out his glass with a nod, noticing the tension in her shoulders, and the rigidity of her motions.

She bit the corner of her lips, placed the bottle back on the counter, and leaned against it, watching him check their dinner once more. "I don't really know my story... not really. A little less than a year ago, I had a home. I had a life."

Chad replaced the lid on the pan. He leaned as casually as he could manage against the fridge and studied her. "Do you have a family?"

She shook her head, her gaze dropping to her drink. She took a desperate gulp and batted tears away. "What about you?"

"I have a mother, an older sister, a twin actually, and she has her own thing." He watched her stare into her glass. "And you know about my ex." June nodded, but remained mute. Say something damnit, change the subject . June looked more forlorn than before, and he'd caused it. "More?" was all he could manage, desperately draining his glass a second time. He could feel the lightheadedness already, but he had no other way of saving the conversation than to offer her further escape into an alcoholic haze.

Say something damnit, change the subject She nodded, chugging her glass, still more than half full. The only thing missing was a bunch of drunk cheering her on.

"Do you like it?" he asked, topping her glass and draining the rest into his own.

"It is wine, isn't it? I'm already a little tipsy."

"I think so." He laughed, holding the bottle out for her to read. "Someone gifted it to me a couple of years ago and for the life of me, I can't remember who. Probably my mother."

"Why did you open it today?"

"I don't know." He held her gaze. The rice smelled burnt, and it tore his attention away. He rushed to turn the stove off and salvage their food. "I had forgotten about it till the other day when I was cleaning my study, procrastinating, to be honest."

"It was nice while it lasted." June half laughed, placing the empty bottle back in its crate.

Before long, Chad had served up two deep bowls of the rice and placed it on the breakfast nook. He pulled a stool out for her, "Start before it gets cold." He then disappeared into the laundry, leaving her oddly staring in his wake. He emerged once more, with yet another bottle of wine.

"Where else do you hide them?" she asked in disbelief. "It might be good for me to know, in case I ever need to get hammered."

Chad sat on the empty stool beside her. "Only if I get to join you," he suggested, refilling their already drained glasses. "And I have a wine cooler in there."

"Deal." June raised a toast before digging into the food. She did a double-take on Chad. "You have a wine cooler? Gosh, you sound so fancy!"

"I take offence to that!" he quipped, enjoying the first mouthful of the rice. It was delicious, as delicious as the wine and the company. A company he was enjoying a little too much.



It was almost midnight, and the two were drunk as skunks, with their rice bowls cleaned out. Chad might have even licked his bowl clean, like a child. June was slapping the counter because of something he had said, had sent her off.

"I'm serious," he almost yelled.

"I know."

"Then why are you laughing?"

"Because, Chad Gilligum, I dropped out for a reason."

Chad rose from his stool and stumbled towards the fridge. He fumbled above the door and brought forth a whiteboard marker, uncapped it and started scrawling across the steel front in a lazy slant. He placed the marker back where it had been and returned to his perch next to her.

June read and re-read the note, her eyes welling up: Get June re-enrolled. She looked back at him. "But why?"

Get June re-enrolled. He grabbed the sides of her stool and pulled her closer till their knees met and wiped the tear as they rolled down her soft cheeks. "Because you have a home now."

June, who was a creature averse to physical contact, wrapped her arms around his neck in an instant, hugging him tightly. Chad returned the hug, his grip around her tiny waist protective and comforting.

"You have me," was all he could say before breaking away. The hug was doing things to his emotions he hadn't wanted it to. He didn't know what else he could to do or say, but he could no longer stay close to her. It was making it hard for him to figure out what he should to say or think. One inappropriate thought after another was barging into his mind.

He kissed the top of her head and patted the edge of her shoulder awkwardly before pushing his stool back and diving at the chance to use the dirty dishes as an excuse to put some distance between their bodies. Bad thoughts, Chad, bad thoughts!

Bad thoughts, Chad, bad thoughts! He grabbed the dirty dishes and took them over to the sink. "We should go to bed," he proposed, as muddled as his mind was with the wine and the thoughts he was trying to banish. Suddenly, he bit his tongue and turned to her. "I mean, you should go to your room, and I go to mine."

June nodded, touching her lips absently, whereupon a hesitant smile crossed it, a smile he couldn't place. She jumped off her stool and headed for the stairs with a mousy, "Goodnight then."

Had she wanted him to kiss her?

Had she wanted him to kiss her? "Goodnight," he called behind her as her footsteps faded up the stairs, leaving him feeling for the first time like a character in his books, the awkward character whose role isn't yet clear. Was he a foe, or a friend? Or did he want something more? More, his mind screamed. Maybe she does too , it offered, devilishly cunning.

Was he a foe, or a friend? More, Maybe she does too Chad made a move to follow her. She had looked like she had wanted more, hadn't she? He could march up and see if that feeling still had a hold on him, if her lips were still somewhat inviting. He could kiss her and see? He got as far as the bottom of the stairs before he stopped and turned.

He was drunk, for Pete's sake. This was the worst time to make those big decisions or mistakes. Distracted and drunk, he left the dishes soaking in the sink and stole into his study. The door closed behind him to keep temptation to follow the urge to march upstairs and kiss the woman at bay. Slightly humming from the wine, he sat beneath the lamplight, his legs bouncing up and down, unable to get her off his mind.

He opened a drawer and from the midst of it, brought out a brown paper bag immaculately wrapping something hefty. He pulled out a thick, custom-made leather-bound notebook from inside it. A gift his dad had posted him when officially became a published author. Posted. It was a voluminous monster and a beautiful monster. Not to mention the last gift the old bastard has sent him. Chad had been twenty-three then, almost a decade ago.

Posted.

He'd never dared to deface it, not until that night. It's not like he could take the notebook to his grave, anyway.

In the wee hours of the morning, he turned to the first page and halfway down, in the middle of it, wrote, A tale by Zachery Eve. He then turned another page and began writing feverishly, as if the words were running away from him and he had to catch up. It was the first time in over a month he'd written something that felt right, that felt like it wanted to be told. He wasn't sure how it would turn out though, but he didn't let that stop him. He didn't even realise he was changing the story yet again on Terry. Poor, poor Terry , however, he couldn't stop what he was doing.

A tale by Zachery Eve. Poor, poor Terry The night wasn't enough. He wrote till the rooster came to, literally. The darn neighbour next door had decided three months ago that the alarm in his phone would cause him cancer and opted for nature's own, a rooster. At the first cock-a-doddle-do, Chad put down his pen, closed the book and stretched out like a cat.

What the hell are you writing ? The thought barged in, pretty much uninvited.

What the hell are you writing "The only thing I can, apparently." He pushed up from the chair and dragged himself to bed, drained.

♡

June spun the thin silver ring on her finger, again and again, a nervous habit she'd developed in her teen. Her throat was dry. The air conditioning felt like it was miserably failing to do its job, and the rustling of paper and the ringing of teller booths kept making her jump. She turned to Chad seated beside her, leafing through leaflets he'd grabbed on their way in.

"Can we leave?"

He shook his head and continued reading a leaflet on credit cards without a care in the world.

June sighed, exasperated. "I don't have the money to reopen my account!" she hissed, embarrassed that she even had to explain herself.

Chad continued glancing through the A5 booklet. "But I do."

Good for you! Her jaws clenched. "I didn't ask you for money."

Good for you! Chad shook his head, still not looking her way. "And I'm still giving it to you."

She rose to her feet, enraged. "Why?"

He looked up, calm. "Sit down. People are looking."

June obliged, though not a moment that went by made her feel better or any less angry with him. Before long, a customer service representative approached them with a warm smile on her face.

"Ms Amari?"

Chad pointed to June, and the woman asked them to follow her into a consultation room. "So you'd like to reopen your account with us, Ms Amari?" she asked, pointing out seats for them to take.

"No," June muttered, feeling every bit embarrassed to be in that room.

The lady across from them looked confused. "I'm sorry. I was told you wanted to reopen..."

Chad cleared his throat. "Don't listen to her. We are here to reopen her account if possible."

The woman nodded and sat down at her computer. "I need some details to begin with."

June forced a smile, while beneath the table she was digging her fingers into her palm. She felt her temper rise and her ego shrink with every question she had to answer until she was asked, "How much would you like to deposit today? The minimum is $200." That's when her ego self-combusted and flew away like ashes in a gust of wind.

She could only look to Chad for the answer, fighting every fibre in her body to keep seated in that chair, appearing calm and in control.

"A thousand, please," Chad blurted, with not so much as a glance her way, and June felt her jaw drop.



As soon as they stepped out the building, she turned on him. "What are you doing?" she almost yelled. "A thousand? Do you have any idea how much money that is? Are you crazy? Who the hell gives someone a thousand just like that?"

Chad smiled, and it infuriated her, though somewhere deep down, she knew she should be anything but grateful. Chad was a messiah . Her messiah. "I told you already, I'm not that kind of girl." She turned away with a grunt. "You can keep your money." She started walking away from him as fast as she could in the lunch crowd, afraid that the desire to punch his pompous face was strong, a little too strong.

messiah "June!"

"What?" She turned, almost bumping into a passer-by. "What?"

Chad pointed in the other direction to which she was headed. "You're going the wrong way."

She stood her ground, taking deep breaths to calm her rage. She shook her head and followed him back to the car despite herself. "People will think you're crazy," she snarled, getting in the passenger side. "Hell, I think you're crazy!"

Chad sat quietly for a moment, staring out the windscreen, at the tree line that separated the train tracks from the parking lot. "I'm only doing what someone once did for me."

"What do you mean?"

He turned to her, his expression soft, and the angry lines around her eyes dissolved like cotton candy. "Do you know what I do for a living?" She shook her head, and Chad extended a hand forward. "Zachery Eve."

Her eyes narrowed at the offered hand, and she looked up at him, not comprehending.

He smiled. "You know that book you've been reading, or the eight others on the shelf in the corridor by Zachary Eve?"

She nodded, her jaw dropped incrementally with each motion before she freaked out and fumbled for the door handle.

"June, are you okay?" He stared at her as she opened her door and jump out of the car as if it were on fire. She circled a spot on the pavement, chanting. "Oh, my God. Oh, my God."

Nice to meet you too , thought Chad with a self-discerning smile. He stepped out of the car and stared at her over the rooftop, chasing her tail. "You okay?"

Nice to meet you too June shook her head several times followed by nods, then shakes again. When she finally looked at him, her head was still shaking in disbelief. "Zachery Eve?"

He nodded.

"You are Zachery Eve?"

He nodded again.

"I've been living with Zachery Eve all these days?"

He nodded yet again.

"Oh my God!" she squealed, causing Chad to wince at the high-pitched sound, a sound that had strangers eyeing them.

"Please don't scream," he requested, flashing a partial smile at the couple walking past them. "Few people know, and I'd like to keep it that way."

June slammed her hands over her mouth and shook her head, though her eyes were still crazy.

"Get in the car?"

She nodded, and Chad waited till she had closed her door before he took a deep breath and got in behind the wheel.

"Why are you helping me?" she asked once she could string a proper sentence.

"I would have probably been in your shoes all these years if someone hadn't taken a chance on me, believed me, a broke young man with a dream to see his name in print."

"But why me?"

Chad shrugged. "Good question. Why me indeed?" He keyed the ignition and reversed the car out of the lot. "I don't know why Terry took a chance on me, nor do I know why you." He looked at her and smiled his best smile. "It feels right. That's all."

After a few moments, she spoke again. "Why the name Zachery Eve?"

Chad laughed. "Now, this, I can answer."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Olya Adamovich on Pixabay)

Olya Adamovich





9. Going Places


June woke up with the sound of a tyre popping somewhere down the street. It was dark outside, and she turned to the clock on her side table. It was four-thirty in the morning. She could no longer roll over and go back to sleep, the sound had somehow rattled her nerves, forcing memories she'd suppressed to float to the top again. She could hear her raspy breathing and feel the sweat slick her shirt. Even though she didn't need to be awake for another two hours, she couldn't go back to sleep as if memories weren't haunting her. She flung the covers away and slipped into the warm fluffy robe, sleep completely gone. The scar on her left hip ached as if it were just yesterday.

She splashed icy water on her face, wanting to ease the burn. She brushed her teeth strenuously, as if brushing aside the memories. Fire leapt in her eyes, the roar of it deafened her ears, the heat of it still seared her flesh, and she watched her parents' house burn again, bright.

June crept out into the hallway, and light-footed, started for the stairs. As she reached the bottom floor and headed for the kitchen, she noticed the light in the study, a thin sliver of which traversed the length of the floor where she stood.

She touched the door with her finger. "Chad, are you still up?"

Chad held a finger in the air, frantically scribbling in a journal. When he was done writing, he looked up. "What time is it?"

"Almost five."

"Why are you up?" His brows creased in disapproval.

Hers rose. "Why are you up? Did you even go to bed?"

you He shook his head, putting the pen down on the page and closing the book. "I was writing."

"All night?"

He pushed the chair back and stretched his tight limbs. "I do that when I'm in the mood."

"Is that how you wrote all those books?"

He laughed. June was obviously still processing that information, that he was a famous writer, and she'd had the misfortune or fortune of meeting. It had been about a week since the revelation.

"Maybe." He approached the door, and she stepped aside to make way. "Why are you up though, if it's only five in the morning?"

"Some stupid car popped a tyre and woke me."

"Nervous?" he asked, and she nodded. "Don't be. They are all morons and they are new to this. You'll be right."

"I hate that saying. You'll be right?!" She grimaced. "What does that even mean? Dad used to say it all the time, and nothing was right."

Chad eyed her curiously. What the hell had riled her up? He wanted to laugh but thought better of it. "I meant nothing by it," he said, somewhat baffled. "All I meant is that you'll be fine because you know what you're getting into more than the first years."

What the hell had riled her up? June sighed. "I don't think I can do this."

"Yes, you can."

"I haven't been to Uni in over a year, Chad. All my friends are a year ahead of me now, and I can't avoid them."

"Then don't avoid them."

"And if they ask what happened?" she whined. "What do I say then?"

"The truth." He poured leftover coffee from the pot into the largest cup he could find. When he turned back, she stood there unresponsive. "Whatever the truth is."

"I don't want to tell them the truth." She shook her head. "I don't want to tell anybody the truth, or what happened, or what I've done, where I've been, or where I lived the last year of my life."



"Then lie," he suggested, unsympathetic, as he stuck the mug into the microwave and watched it heat. As much as he wanted to console her and tell her things will be fine, he didn't want to. Why should he? Why should she be the only one who gets to be told that life will work out one day? Who was there to tell him that?

Why should he? He pulled the mug out with at the beep and took an eager sip, burning his tongue. He walked back to the study. "Lie." He swung the door shut and eased back into his chair.

What the hell is wrong with me? He massaged his temples and reread the text from his ex.

What the hell is wrong with me? Setal: I miss you! Can we try again? Maybe I wasn't ready for marriage, you know. I'll swing by? I can bring you your favourite brekkie?

Setal: I miss you! Can we try again? Maybe I wasn't ready for marriage, you know. I'll swing by? I can bring you your favourite brekkie? Chad read the words again and again, continuing to massage his temples. He could feel a headache starting somewhere deep and couldn't focus. He could hear June rattling around in the cupboard for a cup and he knew he needed to apologise for being an ass. She was only right to be nervous. Who knew what trauma she hid and facing old friends could intimidate if one was not ready to confess, to admit, even if it was to oneself. He knew this better than most.

He rose to his feet and marched out, only to catch her swiping at the corners of her eyes. He'd made her cry. Fuck! He watched her a moment from the doorway, uneasy with guilt that warms up to his throat. He cleared his throat for her attention. "I'm sorry. I... sometimes, I'm not very good at this whole social thing. Often, I don't know what the right thing to say is."

Fuck! June shook her head, her voice cracking. "It's not your fault."

"Still, I shouldn't be so blunt. I know you're nervous and probably have your reasons."

She nodded, stirring her coffee.

"Do you want me to drop you off in the morning, for support?"

She shook her head.

"I'm not doing anything else," he continued.

"You've done plenty." She too was blunt.

Chad nodded, cowering back into his cave. So much for apologies. He'd completely missed that train. He grabbed his cell phone from the desk and texted back.

So much for apologies. Come after 9.

Come after 9. What the hell am I doing? He glared at his phone. The woman had walked out of his life over three months ago, without care. Now, she suddenly wanted back in? He could feel anticipation settling upon him like cement. Why?

What the hell am I doing? Why? When he re-emerged from his study, the house was unusually quiet. "June?" he called out, heading upstairs with the assumption she might be in her room. The door was ajar. He knocked on it to no response. Either she had already left, or she was ignoring him.

"Look, June, I don't know what happened in your life, or what you've had to go through, but, I know you've been through a lot and somehow that makes you seem much stronger than most."

He paused, waiting for her to tell him to go away. At least that's what he was expecting. "It's your first day back and I don't want you to go back to thinking it's not for you. You were studying medicine, for God's sake. Not everybody can do that, so don't throw that away."

He waited a moment before the quiet bugged him and he pushed open the door to find the room empty. He eyed his watch. It was after seven. Way too early for her to leave. He brought out his phone and typed a fresh message.

It was after seven. Did you go already? Look, I'm sorry if I was out of line. Please let me know when you leave home at least. I was talking to your door like a loon before I realised you're not there. A concerned neighbour upstairs. Chad.

Did you go already? Look, I'm sorry if I was out of line. Please let me know when you leave home at least. I was talking to your door like a loon before I realised you're not there. A concerned neighbour upstairs. Chad.

Then he realised. June didn't have a phone. She wouldn't let him buy one for her. He stared about the room. It was the first time he'd gone in since she had moved in. It was bare, but at least it had homely touches. The bed was made. Her clothes were in a neat pile on top of the little foot storage. She had a small photo frame on the nightstand.

Chad moved in to look and discovered a photo of June, her arms wrapped around the necks of her parents, he assumed. "Hello Mum and Dad!" he whispered, his eyes roving over a younger June, with her platinum blonde hair cascading down her front. Her infectious smile made her pretty, brown eyes sparkle.

It was the happiest he'd seen her and he wondered what had stolen that smile. In the photo's background, he noticed a bike, then he noticed her riding boots and her pants. Unable to look at the photo any longer, he placed it back on the nightstand with a shiver and walked out of the room and into his own. June rode bikes?

June rode bikes? Chad hated bikes. He hated the look of them; he hated the sound they made, but most of all, he hated that offered no protection.

Unable to shake the memories, he reached for the shoebox beneath his bed where he kept his meds, bringing out a bottle of sleeping pills he hadn't used in a long while. He hadn't needed to. He popped two pills and downed them with the water from the bottle on his nightstand. He then threw himself under the covers, pressed his palms into his temples and buried his face in the pillow, trying to drown out the noise but the scrape of metal and his body own tearing across the asphalt wouldn't budge.

Chad felt the scar on the back of his neck, running down to his left scapula, long and rough against the soft skin of his fingers. He'd gotten away with lacerations. Joel had never even made it off the road.

♡

He woke to doorbells around four, groggy on sleep. When he peeled himself off the bed and opened the door, Setal stood there, looking splendid, with a knowing smirk on her face.

He was sure he was staring at her, but he couldn't help himself. She was the last person he was expecting to be knocking on his door. "What are you doing here?"

She pushed past him without being invited in. It made him even more curious, though he felt a hint of anger too.

"You realise you don't live here anymore?" he said flat out, leaving the door open so she could leave.

"You invited me this morning, remember?" She grabbed the door and closed it. "Besides, Jo said she hasn't heard from you in a while."

"Well, I've been busy."

Setal narrowed her dark eyes at him. She was a small petite woman, thought Chad, a woman with devilishly good length of dark wavy hair, and eyebrows that arched like a gymnast's back. "Doing what?" she asked, raising those very eyebrows at him.

"I work, Setal, what else?"

She huffed, peering around the place. "You haven't even bought a TV yet?"

"I have enough drama in my life right now thanks to you," he said through near-gritted teeth. He'd never really told her how much she'd broken his heart that day. How could she know? She hadn't even bothered to finish the meal with him before leaving.

"I'll see you back at the hotel," she'd said, pushing back her chair, grabbing her bag and leaving Chad to face the restaurant full of people, still down on his knees.

Setal stared at him, and suddenly he felt tied to her again. The tie that had made him propose. He tried shoving those feelings back down as if they were Playdough oozing out of an ill-fitting box.



"What brings you anyway?"

She pouted with a hand on her hip, calculatedly stalling. "I..." She cleared her throat and Chad felt a desperate need to lunge at her, or wrap himself around her, wanting to both kill her and make love to her, and he wasn't decided on which he wanted to do more. He realised at that moment unlike all the rugged, handsome and emotionally stable counterparts he penned, he had become a bit of a mess.

He felt odd knotting of his throat. He was so close to tears. Oh God, make it stop! His vision blurred with a layer of moisture and he turned away, immediately striding off into the kitchen. Get a grip you fool, he thought as he reached for the ever-present coffee machine, a friend he relied upon in desperate times.

Oh God, make it stop! Get a grip you fool, "Pull it together." He scolded himself as Setal's heels clicked into the room behind him.

"You say something?" she cooed.

Why was she doing that? Playing standoffish then cooing at him the next minute, not to mention she'd broken up with him all over a diamond ring. What woman refuses a diamond? He thought angrily.

What woman refuses a diamond? "No. Want coffee?" He knew she'd never say no to coffee. It was like asking the hungry if they wanted food. Setal was a coffee addict since he'd known her. That's how they'd met, at the café where Chad spent his mornings, prior to June. Setal had accidentally taken his coffee only to bring it back to Tylor to yell at him that he'd gotten her very specific order completely and utterly wrong. She'd asked for soy, one-shot, vanilla latte, with exactly one and a three-quarter spoon of sugar. She had not asked for a drip coffee with honey in it.

"Who drinks coffee with honey, anyway?" she had sounded disgusted.

"Me?" Chad had chimed in at that moment, exchanging a smirk with Tylor behind the counter. "That would be my coffee."

She'd been embarrassed, apologising profusely while still maintaining coffee and honey were abominable. He'd kind of fallen in love with her that very moment.

"Chad?" Setal called out, breaking his memory dive.

"What?" He poured two cups of coffee and took one to her. "Why are you here?" he finally asked, with much hurt and longing in his voice. "To see if I was still as pathetic as when you left?"

"Oh God, you're still not on about that, are you, honey?" She pursed her lips. "I'd never really made it a secret that I was marrying anyone other than an Indian, Chad. You knew from the beginning."

"Then what were you doing with me?" Ah, the tears threatened him again like a nasty punch. He wished he could punch them back as fiercely.

She stared at him, levelled. "What young people do, date."

He felt crushed. "Three years is not what young people do with no intention for the long haul!" he spat, pushing away his coffee. He suddenly felt sick, like he would throw up.

Setal took a step closer to him, dropping her handbag on the kitchen counter. "Chad?"

He shook his head. He couldn't hold them back anymore — the tears.

"Chad," she whispered, moving closer. He felt her smooth touch on his cheek. Her hand slowly turned him to face her. No, he screamed in his head. He knew what was coming. Setal wasn't here for him, not really.

No, He looked up, despite a desire to push her away and pull her into his arms. He found her staring at him with those eyes. Eyes he'd never been able to refuse. Before he knew it, she was kissing him, and the worst part was he was kissing her back. His hands roaming over her like they'd done so many times before. His mind swam. What the hell was going on? Was she here to ask him to take her back?

Are you taking her back? The thought suddenly popped in his head. "Setal..." he murmured, trying to break free for a moment, a tiny moment.

Are you taking her back? "Shh..." She pushed him against the cupboards. "Don't talk." He felt her hands undo the knot on his robe, and slip around his hips, pulling him closer.

His last thought before his mind was rendered temporarily out-of-order was, Chad, she left you. That thought, however, wasn't strong enough to keep his feet planted to the ground. Setal pulled him along, navigating with expert precision to his room, like so many times before.

Chad, she left you. If only his feet stopped following her demand. Damn you! He thought one last time before registering the sound of his door slamming shut behind them, unable to resist her any more.

Damn you!

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Pexels on Pixabay)

Pexels





10. Three is Company


Chad stood at a deserted beach in a tuxedo. "What's with the tux?" He felt his shoulders shrug. The beach was dazzling, yet dark foreboding clouds hung above the waters, about to unloose any minute.

"Chad, this way!" He heard Setal call from somewhere up the dunes. He turned, eyeing the edges of the sand and the beginning of grass. There she was, standing in a peculiar shade of white that almost glowed. He narrowed his eyes as she gestured him over. Was that a wedding dress? Had she finally said yes?

Despite his queries, he followed up the dune where a small gathering of family and friends huddled. His dad and his sister Jo were there too. Jo was pregnant. He hadn't known Jo was pregnant. Not that he'd talked to his family much since the breakup. Why hadn't she said anything? Jo smiled and mouthed, 'It's a boy.' Chad felt his lips curl into a smile. He looked around and noticed some of Setal's family too. And Terry, busy as always on her phone. As he passed her, he heard 'What do you mean you don't have a story yet, Chad?'

'What do you mean you don't have a story yet, Chad?' "Terry, I'm right here," he said, but Terry continued, angry, demanding a story over the phone, pronto.

"Chad, come on!" Setal coaxed again and when he looked in her direction, she was standing beneath an arch of red roses with a priest. He joined her.

The priest began whatever was going on. Chad assumed it was a wedding. His wedding. Not that he understood any of the words garbling out.

"Does anyone object to these two getting married?"

Chad stared at the man in cloth. That was a blunt question. But the man was too busy scanning the crowd, which caused Chad to scan the crowd too. What were they waiting for? Someone to object to the marriage? Really? How clichéd.

Someone from the back row rose to their feet, causing his heart to leap to his mouth. What is she doing here?

What is she doing here? June eyed the pair and turned away, towards the dunes, to a floating door that had appeared then. She closed the door behind her. Chad wanted to stop her, at least that's what he thought he wanted, but the door was closed, and she was gone. The vision blurred and morphed into darkness.

"Who are you?" He heard Setal's voice from a distance.

"June," the unmistakable husky undertone of June's voice floated in through the darkness.

Chad's eyes flew open. He was under the covers in his bed, stark naked. There was a sickly sweet scent lingering in the pillows and he jumped up like a cat thrown to water, lunging for his clothes. He had to put a stop to it. Stop to Setal interrogating June. He could hear the two talking curtly somewhere near the stairs. What the hell was he thinking, sleeping with his ex? He scrambled for the floor, almost tripping on his shoebox-turned-med-box. That's when he remembered he was dosed up with sleeping pills when Setal had arrived. His last memory was of falling asleep with Setal wrapped around him. No good. Not good at all.

No good. Not good at all. Shit, shit, shit! He didn't know why, but he felt embarrassed. It's not like this was the first time someone had interrupted his post-coital, albeit sleeping pill-induced nap. Something about June abruptly meeting Setal unsettled him, especially after his morning misadventure with her. Chad tore down the corridor as fast as he could and only slowed when he got to the top of the stairs. He could see Setal, few steps up on the stairs. A bottle of wine and two glasses tucked in her hands.

Shit, shit, shit! "You live here?" she asked incredulously. "Since when?"

Chad could only but see June's legs standing a distance from the stairs. Awkwardly, she replied. "Couple of months."

Chad thought, What now? He needed to make a breezy entry, something that told June it was only a momentary lapse of judgment on his part for their history. But how could he barge in between the girls without seeming to be there purposefully, to break up their conversation?

What now?

"And you are?" June cautiously asked as Chad's feet came into view.

"Chad didn't tell you?" Setal's brows rose, scandalous. Chad froze where he was and she eyed him, then threw laser darts at June. The look may as well have said, You're dead! At least that's what he supposed she could be thinking. It was Setal, and she was slightly possessive as far as he knew.

You're dead! "I guess you're the heartless ex!" June said matter-of-factly, which Chad could see ticked off his 'ex'. Setal recoiled slightly from the statement.

Chad couldn't let this odd territorial stunt from Setal go on any longer, at least not with June. There was no threat from June! Wait, what? He thought suddenly. Were you considering June? No? Okay then. He needed to break up the scene.

Wait, what? Were you considering June? No? Okay then. "I see you two have met!" he finally stepped closer to the pair. I see you two have met? Nice one, Chad. He cleared his suddenly lumped up throat. His gaze floated to June as Setal began climbing the stairs, moving closer to him. She leaned her body against his, making him go rigid with anxiety.

I see you two have met? Nice one, Chad. "You left without a word this morning," he stated, his gaze locked on June's face till she turned away ever-so-slightly. Setal cradled the bottle and flutes in one hand and slid the other around his hip and into the back of his pants, making more a display that Chad was hers.

He cleared his throat again and quickly scuttled down the stairs, away from her touch. "I was worried," he continued trying to connect with June. He needed to know what she was thinking about him specifically. She was obviously the only sane person in the house at that given moment.

"I had classes," she flatly said, making a beeline for the stairs. She gladly stared at Setal in her half-dressed form, from head to toe, and then scurried up the stairs, past the woman as if there was nothing more to it.

"Coffee, June?" Chad yelled from the kitchen soon after. He needed to get away from Setal's out of character clinginess. Please say yes, he thought, hoping that allowing him to take coffee to June, alone, might help him feel less awkward.

Please say yes, "No, thanks!" she yelled back. "You two have at it. I'm going out."

Where? The thought barged in, making him wonder why it mattered if she was going out, and with whom?

Where? with whom? "I'll have coffee." Setal walked into the kitchen as Chad hovered at the counter indecisively. "Or we could have this." She invited with a smile and a wink, holding up the wine. "I found it in the study."

"What were you doing in my study?" there was annoyance in his voice. Setal had always snooped. A habit he despised. He didn't want her anywhere near his new work. He didn't want her discovering it, or worse yet, reading it, and her tongue wagging again about Zachery Eve's next book.

my Setal shrugged. "You were asleep, and I was bored. Thought maybe I could get a head start on your new book."

Any other time, he would be flattered. His last two books were perhaps the fastest he'd delivered because Setal's eagerness to read every word as he wrote them had him writing faster. It had given him instant gratification and drive, but that was then, before she broke his heart. "I don't like you snooping."

"I wasn't." She dismissed it with a wave of her hands. "It's not like I found it, anyway. What's it about?"

"None of your business."

"Odd title." She glared at him. "All this is because of her, isn't it?

Chad turned his back to her and busied himself setting a fresh brew. He could feel her gaze drilling a hole in the back of his neck, but he didn't care to look. He felt a strange giddiness, that perhaps somewhere deep inside, she was jealous. Chad often never had people get jealous, except writers who were starting out and desperate for a deal. Good. Very good.

Good. Very good.

"Are you two sleeping together?" the question was fired, filled with poison. It made him smile involuntarily.

"Wouldn't you like to know?" He felt bold. He did at that moment. June's dismissal of Setal had somehow given him power for once. Power to torture Setal, even if it was her own doing, overthinking things... fantasizing.

He poured himself a mug of coffee and calmly strode past her and into the lounge. "Besides, I hardly think this," he said, pointing to the two of them, "was anything more than a booty call."

"I object."

"Not your courtroom hun, just the facts." He dropped on the sofa and sipped his brew. "You broke up with me, remember, not the other way around."

Setal was about to say something when June clambered down in a cute little dress and a long coat. "I'm off." She grabbed an apple from the fruit basket in the kitchen and hurried for the door. "Don't wait up!"

"Looks like somebody has a date tonight." Setal slithered across the room and dropped herself on the single-seat sofa, one leg dangling off the armrest, provocative.

"You don't know that." His gaze fixed on the front door, hoping June would come back. With her gone, his power, his swagger was fading. He felt every bit as vulnerable as when Setal had stood in the doorway that afternoon, like a pile of Playdough, easily manipulated.

"There's no way she'd be sleeping with you." Setal laughed carelessly. "I mean look at her, a young thing like that. She barely even looked at you on her way out."

He felt the heat rise up his neck. He would not engage her in this futile argument. She was doing something she always did when she felt hurt, or challenged. She was trying to belittle him the only way she could. She was essentially saying to him, 'Why can't you be a lit bit more like Zachary Eve for once, or like the yummy heroes in your books?'

'Why can't you be a lit bit more like Zachary Eve for once, or like the yummy heroes in your books?' Chad stewed, knowing that June may have run away to avoid Setal. He couldn't help but wonder what they'd be doing if she wasn't here. "It's not like you will, so say yes to the question I asked months ago. So why do you care?"

"Oh." Setal pouted of her lips, looking ridiculous as always whenever she did it, but he had never dared to tell her. "You weren't going to ask again, were you, Chaddy?" she taunted, opening her legs wider, so he had a view.

What an audacious woman! Chad smirked bitterly. "I sold the ring and helped June move in with the money." He paid careful attention to her changing facial expression. The pout deflated into a contemptuous frown, giving him some power back. "Spent it on a worthier cause, rather than letting it gather dust, wouldn't you say?"

What an audacious woman! He watched her wither uncomfortably. It was outstanding. Her legs slunk back to being demure and closed. So this was what it feels like to be desired? He shook his head. He knew better. Setal, for whatever reason, hadn't come to take him back. He knew that for sure. She'd told him they had no future together from the beginning, and he was only now certain he didn't want her back, even if she begged, and held out incentives. The chemistry they had once had fizzled away. Vanished. And good riddance too. As he looked at her from across the room, slinking into her jealous shell, he couldn't figure out what had attracted him to her. It definitely wasn't her arrogance, or her obnoxiousness.

What he couldn't figure out, however, was why she was back and why now? He took a sip of his already cold coffee and wondered how much he stood to lose this time. The entire day had been inappropriately unhealthy as far as he could tell, and it had all started with a text from her at three in the morning, making him miss being a 'couple'. Well, no more. He didn't want to be a 'couple' with her again. She was toxic. It was oozing out of her in waves.

Setal rose to her feet. "Mind if I take a shower?"

"Knock yourself out." He shrugged and stared at the space where the TV had once been, the TV she'd taken when she'd moved out. He should get one for exactly these sorts of moments, not that he was planning on making a habit out of banging his ex.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by S. Herman & F. Richter on Pixabay)

S. Herman & F. Richter





11. Sweet Memories


Chad sat in his study, pen in hand, journal open. He hadn't thought it would be easy to write something akin to a memoir, but he hadn't thought it would be this hard. His memories were murky. His childhood, although not fantastic, had enough drama. Though they weren't the most dazzling events, they should have allowed him enough material to bulk up a memoir like a body-builders biceps. At least that's what he felt like he was writing. A memoir from the time June arrived on scene. At the very least, his past should have filled a few chapters, or at a horrid stretch, a few pages.

He threw his pen down. The whole thing made his stomach churn anxiously. Terry had called the last night, wanting to see how he was going and he had confidently, perhaps too confidentially told her he was going as well as a shark swimming in a school of anchovies. However, in reality, he was stuck between two sordid sentences.

'I was a young five-year-old with an unusual height on me,' and 'Jo was always making me feel short because she was a centimetre taller, despite only being five minutes older.'

'I was a young five-year-old with an unusual height on me,' 'Jo was always making me feel short because she was a centimetre taller, despite only being five minutes older.' What the hell is this? He stared at the two sentences. "And in which world do those two facts sound remotely clever or intriguing, Chaddy!" he muttered in mock-Terry voice with his hands on his hips. Not that he'd ever seen Terry do that. One hand maybe, with a tilt of her head that meant business. Either way, mock-Terry was right. Those were two of the worst sentences he had ever strung together.

What the hell is this? He reached for his phone and scrolled the contact list until he found the name he was looking for. Jo.

"Yellow!" He heard her stretch her word out. "What do you want?"

"Oh, hi, Chad, how are you?" he mocked. "What are you doing?"

"Birthing an elephant. You want to come and help?"

So abrupt was her question that a snippet of his dream where Jo had been 'pregnant' flashed across his mind. "I didn't know you were preggers with an elephant," he replied flatly.

"Not funny, Chad!" she barked. He could hear her huffing. "What's up? Still alive, then?"

"Not for long though, I wager."

Jo suddenly laughed. "Terry?"

"Always." There was a moment of silence, and Chad wondered if the line had cut off. Sometimes parts of the zoo where his sister worked had little to no reception. "Jo?"

"Yeah," she grunted. "I'm seriously helping a mama elephant birth a baby elephant I can't imagine pushing out myself, so unless Terry is in your house right now wielding a very sharp letter opener, I'll have to call you later." The line went dead as she was saying, "Call ya later."

Chad crinkled his nose at the dial tone. Then he called his mum. "You busy? I'm coming over."

"Sure, bring a bottle of red. I'm fresh out." Chad's mum was always 'fresh out' of wine whenever her children were coming over. Ever since her husband up and left one day nearly ten years ago, she had taken up drinking wine like it was a newfound hobby. She was always ready for 'at least' a glass, which usually turned to two, then three and so on until either the wine ran out, or she fell asleep, drooling.

As Chad grabbed his car keys and headed out, he remembered, between June, Setal and himself, for the first time in a year, his own house was 'dry'. Time for a restock.

♡

Chad meandered along the aisles with an empty trolley. What was he going to do with his miserable memoir sans novel? He'd begun from the moment he'd bought two first-class tickets to Thailand with the plan to pop the question and come back engaged.



"Watchit!" He heard a shrill cry of an elderly woman and looked up to see he had nearly toppled a corner stack of goons in his daze. The gawking look made him shrivel, and he quickly slipped into the next aisle, away from the loathsome look. The woman's scowl may as well have said, 'Really? A memoir of Chad Gilligan? You may as well write cat memes.'

'Really? A memoir of Chad Gilligan? You may as well write cat memes.' His faint smile disappeared. Sure, Chad Gilligan doesn't sound interesting, but what if I say, Zachary Eve, then the story will sell itself, won't it?

Sure, Chad Gilligan doesn't sound interesting, but what if I say, Zachary Eve, then the story will sell itself, won't it? "Not likely." A staff member briskly turned to Chad from merchandising the spirits section he had unknowingly strolled into.

"I beg your pardon?"

The smiling man was boyish. Chad wasn't sure if he was of legal age, let alone allowed to work in a liquor store. "Zachary Eve's stories don't sell because of his name. Besides, you can't take another writer's name."

Chad blinked at the cherub-faced youngster. "What?"

"Sorry, you were talking to yourself about a daydream I guess." He twirled the bottles around so the labels faced forwards. "You're an aspiring writer?"

Chad shook his head. The kid nodded without even looking. And yes, Chad would refer to the boy as a kid in his head.

"I wanted to be a writer growing up," the kid was muttering.

And what about once you stop growing? Chad fought the urge to ask, or to suppress the smile the thought caused.

And what about once you stop growing? "But it wasn't for me; all those unpaid hours of work and still no guarantee."

Chad smiled. He did not understand how or even when he'd entered a one-way conversation, but at the rate the sentences were coming, he had the image of the two of them picking nits off one another, in a line, akin to Chimps. He shook his head and let the thought loose. "Where are the reds?" he interrupted as his hip vibrated with an incoming call. The kid pointed back down the aisle and two over as Chad gladly answered the call. "Mum."

"What's the matter with you?"

"Nothing," Chad answered cautiously.

"I heard from you an hour ago," his mum pointed out. "It's an hour, Chad. Why aren't you here with the wine?"

"I'm picking it up now."

"Good, grab two!" The dial tone beeped in his ear abruptly for the second time that day. Chad still hadn't gotten used to mum hanging up the phone once done. Often, as a teen, he'd still talked long after she'd hung up before he even realized.

Chad ambled into the red wine section and gathered a few of his favourites and two of mum's favourites. He might as well stock up on some bottles as it seemed June enjoyed joining him now and then for a tipple. By the time he reached the counter, there were nearly a dozen bottles in his trolley. And so it floweth! He handed his credit card, hoping June would be happy he'd picked up some she had liked.

And so it floweth! When he got to his mother's, it was late afternoon. He sat at her breakfast nook and helped her nurse one bottle. Between sips, he popped small pre-cut cubes of cheese. Marjorie, his mother, was nothing if not a connoisseur, and adamant no one should drink on an empty stomach. She'd even laid out some crackers, though they tasted a little stale.

She narrowed her dull brown eyes at him as he nibbled on a cracker. Her mousy thin lips in a thoughtful pout. "So, what's up with you?"

"I can't write."

"You can't write like you can't pick up a pen or type because your hands are sore? Or you can't write because you got nothing to write?"

"The latter."



"You always do this, you know?"

"Do what?"

"Give up every time life chucks a lemon at you." She reached over the benchtop for the fruit bowl and grabbed a lemon from the pile. She then threw it at him, hitting him square on a shoulder before the weapon thudded to the floor and rolled away. "Make bloody lemonade. And if your lemonade is crap, chuck a spirit in there and make a cocktail. By the time anyone can tell it's bad, they won't care."

Chad sighed, realizing there was something odd about her today. She had always been a little on the eccentric side, but she seemed off today, even by her standards. He grabbed the lemon from the floor and passed it back. "What's the matter with you then?"

"Jackson called last night," she whimpered, reaching for the wine bottle and pouring more into her glass till the stemware overflowed. Chad grabbed some paper towel and soaked up the spill. He knew she'd hate to clean up after herself once he left.

"What did he want?" Chad tossed the soggy paper into the bin. "Did he call to gloat about another girlfriend of his?"

Marjorie gulped her wine in between exaggerated wails. "He called to say he was back!"

Chad's face fell. The last time he'd seen his father was when the man waved goodbye from the end of the driveway, slipped into a cab, and headed for the airport, and off to Europe. Jackson had been out of the picture about as long as Chad had the leather journal he was defacing with his attempted memoir-novel, thing .

thing "What does he want with us?" he asked, hoping he didn't sound hurt. Chad had turned twenty-four and just signed his first book deal when dad, inspired by him no less, had decided to live his own dream. He left them to chase wanderlust of a young man trapped in the body of an old man, across Europe. The last they'd heard, he was shacking up with young women who fell for his gritty, charming self. Chad had never met either of these personalities and severely doubted the old git was 'charming'.

"He wants to come by tomorrow," his mother blurted. "He was asking if you two could come around."

"What does he want with us? Is he dying?"

Marjorie shook her head. "Just said he had news. One can only assume what that might be." She sipped at her wine bitterly. "Maybe he has a young fiancé he wants to show off." Her laughter betrayed the hurt inside.

"I bet he is dying, and he wants to make up for all these years, to apologise for leaving you after twenty-six years of solid marriage." Chad defiantly put down his glass, convinced that the only reason Jackson would show his face again, was if he were dying.

"He used to cheat on me, honey. I hardly call that a solid."

Chad peered at his mother as she stared out the window, to some old memories he guessed. "How did you even fall in love with him?"

"That's a story for another day." She turned with a rueful smile. "You tell me why you can't seem to write anymore." She opened the second bottle, tears streaming down her face.

Chad slid his glass to her and watched her top it up. "It's not that I'm not writing. It's..."

"You're writing is crap?"

He nodded. He didn't really know how to say it out loud as it already sounded ridiculous in his head. "I'm trying to write a memoir so I can turn into a novel."

For that, he got a face full of wine when his mother burst out laughing. "Are you trying to bore people to death?" She shook her head, still laughing. "Accept, maybe the part where Sefal left you at the altar. That was gold."

"It's Setal, ma. And she didn't leave me at the altar. She left me at the 'will you marry me?' bit." He cracked a smile. "She didn't let me get to the good part."

His mother laughed harder and slapped the counter. "Oh Chad, you always know how to pick 'em."

"Them?"

"The flaky ones, like your father, the ones who can't stick it out. I guess you get that from me."

♡

It was well past eight o'clock when Chad finally sat up alert despite having devoured well over three bottles of wine with his mother. "Oh my God, I've got to call her." He rose unsteadily from the sofa. They'd been watching old home videos till Marjorie had dozed off.

"Call who?" she grumbled, interest slightly piqued.

"June!" He scrambled for the phone in the kitchen before he could even notice his mother sitting bolt upright. "Who's June?"





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Alexas_ Fotos on Pixabay)

Alexas_ Fotos





12. The Fabled Truth


"You ass!"

Chad felt a fist land on his side, causing him to spring into a fetal position, which meant he could no longer fit on the sofa where he'd insisted on sleeping the night before, despite there being a perfectly good bed in the guest room that used to be Jo's. His mum had turned his room into a craft room, which always stung him a little.

He hit shoulder on the coffee table on his way down and heard his own wretched scream all before he'd opened his eyes.

He looked up, cocooned between the sofa and the table, nursing his shoulder. It was Jo, standing like an angry bull with her hands on her hips. "How could you?"

He sat up, leaning against the sofa. "Why are you yelling and assaulting me so early in the morning? Any assaulting has to wait until after coffee." He could see his sister's jaw clench and unclench. He smiled.

"First, dad's back in town and mum tells me you're okay with that? And then you tell her you're in love with some June girl, all the while you've had me believe you were still getting over Setal?"

Chad tried to protest. This was news to him. The whole being in love with June business, at least? "Hang on..."

"I'm not done!" Jo glared. "On top of all this, I have Setal calling me up asking what's the deal with the housemate of yours, who happens to be called June? What the hell, Chad. I thought you and I told each other everything before anyone else, but I'm the last one to know all this?"

Chad barely saw her take a breath in between all the words. She ended up drawing a lengthy one afterward, which sent him laughing. He reached an arm out to her and she hauled him up. "What?"

"Are you pregnant?" he asked, stretching out his stiff limbs. Perhaps the sofa hadn't been the best idea.

"What?"

"I had a dream you were."

"How is this related to anything I said?" Jo looked baffled.

"It's not, but I wanted to make sure this was truly you and not some hormone-charged woman."

Jo squared her shoulders for round two. "So who is June?"

"My flatmate." He headed for the kitchen where, to his surprise, their mum sat sipping her morning tea. "You let her assault me so you can find out who June is?"

She shrugged, cupping her teacup to her mouth. "Would you lower your voice? I have a splitting headache."

Chad fished out two ancient mugs from the cupboard where they had always sat for twenty-five years. These thick, ugly brown mugs from bygone eras "Didn't I give you a new set of China last Christmas?" he asked, looking at them in disgust.

Marjorie shrugged. "They were your grandmothers."

Jo slipped into the room behind Chad, intently scrawling the call log on Chad's phone. "I don't see a June here."

"Give me that!" He snatched his phone out of her hands.

"Why don't you have your roommate's number on your phone?"

"Flatmate."

"Whatever," Marjorie interjected. "Answer the damn question."

Chad chucked a filthy look at his mother. "Because," he started carefully, "she won't let me buy one, and she hasn't got one herself."

The two women narrowed their eyes at him. "Why would you need to buy her one?" they asked in unison. Chad hated when they did that.

He hadn't thought this through. He couldn't very well tell them the truth, and he wasn't going to. "She doesn't know which one to get and I'm the last person to tell her what's good out there."



"Yeah, true that." Jo's eyes glinted in laughter and she eyed his old phone. The phone bucked current trends, and Chad was happy to have it fixed till it was too obsolete to fix. "Is she a foreigner?" she asked.

Chad shook his head.

His mum cracked a big mischievous grin, winking at him sickly. "Maybe you both should go shopping together."

"Don't wink, mum," Chad whined, dilly-dallying with the mugs still in hand. "It's disturbing on you."

"For heaven's sake, are you going to make a cuppa or stand there obviously not having a crush on this girl?" She slipped off her chair in a huff and stomped to the kettle, shoving him out of the way to get to the tap to fill it.

"I don't have a crush on any girl," he stammered.

"Fine, June, then." His mother spat, unable to hide her annoyance, no doubt thanks to the river of wine they had consumed the night before. She placed the kettle to boil and snatched the mugs out of his hands, going about making tea. "I'll be dead before I see either of you married, let alone grandkids."

"Chad almost got married, if that counts?" Jo laughed.

Marjorie threw her daughter a look, looking her up and down. "When are you getting pregnant? Tick Tock."

Jo frowned. "Not everyone can rush into things like you two, and whatever happened to your generation frowning on a child out of wedlock?"

"Answer the questions. When are you having kids?" Chad added with a grin. He loved it when their mother focused on Jo's multiple, fleeting relationships and not his meager attempts to hold on to one. A cloudy memory of Setal walking away from him at the restaurant flashed in his mind, making him cringe.

"If you must know," Jo was saying with a hint of I'll-get-you-for-this in her voice. "No, Tom and I aren't pregnant, yet."

of I'll-get-you-for-this "Hope Tom's not pregnant. That'd be awkward!" Chad laughed, causing Jo to throw a dishtowel at him. She missed.

"You've been together forever." Their mother plunked their tea in front of them. Cranky or hung-over, they couldn't tell these days.

"Ten years of friendship doesn't count as dating, mum. Can we please get back to the point here?" Jo's eyes hinted at Chad. "The reason you called me over this morning."

Chad's sense of flight took a hold on him. "What?" but it was too late. They both turned on him, in sync.

"We want details," Jo demanded.

"How, when, what. Everything. Spill!" Marjorie closed in on him.

Chad eyed one woman, then the other. "I just got out of a long-term relationship. What do you think I am? A flake?"

"You could hardly call that a relationship." His mother's gaze locked on him. He could swear there was a hint of distress in her eyes. She'd never liked Setal.

"Three years." He fumbled for a reasonable defence.

"Admit it, Chad, it wasn't the best three years of your life," Jo added. "We barely saw you or heard from you in those years because you were too busy living life as she wanted." Again, he could hear the hurt in his sister's voice.

"You're the one who set me up with her in the first place," he accused. He never thought he'd stoop that low, but there it was. He was accusing his sister for his failed manhood.

"Didn't mean I wanted you to stick it out if it was rotten."

"She wanted you to have some fun," his mother added to his astonishment. "That girl wasn't sticking around. Anybody could have told you that. Even old Quinton next door could have, and he's blind as a bat."



"Then why didn't you two say something?" he stooped further.

"Uh... what part of we-could-barely-talk-to-you-without-Setal-attached-to-you-like-lichen-on-trees didn't you get?"

Chad stared at Jo. Really? Lichen on trees? He felt an urge to tell her that combination was a healthy symbiosis and did not support the point she was trying to make. "Can we get back to the point here?"

Really? Lichen on trees? He deflected, pulling his tea to his lips, only to notice a tiny cockroach flaying on the hot surface. "You need to do something about your pest problem," he mumbled, draining the tea in the sink.

"Which one? The roaches or your father?" Marjorie almost snorted her tea out her nose.

Chad shrugged, looked at his watch, which had unfortunately stopped. He couldn't quite recall if it had ever been working in the first place when he'd put in on before heading over yesterday. "I gotta go." He pushed off the cabinets, ready to weasel past the two if needed.

"June!" Jo demanded. Chad had to rethink his push-past-them strategy. In the time he had spent writing short stories and entering writing competitions, Jo had been taking extracurricular activities such as karate and kickboxing. She had been an angry teen. He did not want to see her practice those skills, however rusty, on him.

He bit the bullet. A little white lie would hurt no one. "June is a new flatmate," he began. "She's been with me for a month, or maybe a little longer." The brows on the women rose, and he realised how that must have sounded. "Living in my house," he corrected. "And, yes, she is a nice girl. I won't lie."

"But..." Jo coaxed.

"But, nothing. We're friends. That's all. Besides, she's much too young for me." He squared his shoulders, getting ready to face the barrage of questions, but none came. "What?"

Marjorie and Jo did something that made him panic instead. They looked at each other with purpose and grinned before turning back to him. He knew what was coming before they even said it. He was already shaking his head in protest.

"We want to meet her," there was that eerie unison echo again.

"And soon," Marjorie added.

"But."

"Either you plan it, what, when, where and how," Jo threatened. "Or we will turn up at your house unannounced."

"Take your pick," Marjorie growled.

Chad felt forced to concede. Declare defeat. He even put his arms up in a gesture of surrender. "Fine, give me some time." The women relaxed and released him. Before dashing for the door, and before any more questions or demands were made, Chad added, "And no one interrogates her, or mentions anything of last night, or today. Get it?"

"How about a barbecue this Saturday at mine?" Jo grinned and nodded. "Bring her along."

Chad sighed. It was best not to make June uncomfortable in their own space. "Fine, I'll see if she is free. Now, can I go?" They nodded and Chad headed for the door.

"Oh, and your dad might pop by sometime," his mother called out as he reached for the doorknob. "He asked for your addresses."

"And you gave it to him?" Jo moaned.

"He's your father!" Chad heard his mother retorting as he let the door slam behind him. So much for coming over on a research mission for his memoir disguised as a romance novel. He had not received the coddling he had secretly wished for. Instead, his mum had laughed at the very idea.

Scarp it. The thought intruded as he reversed the car out of the steep driveway. Chad couldn't recall the number of times he had stumbled down the very hill when he was younger. He chalked the events of the morning as another stumble and peeled off down the road.

Scarp it. How was he going to tell June about the barbecue and his family wanting to meet her without sounding like a creep? He sighed, rolling down the window to help cool his flushed cheeks. Were his mother and Jo correct in assuming he had a crush, however small? The thought both made him smile and worry at the same time. What if this was it? His thoughts derailed. What if she was it and I'm not even trying?

What if this was it? What if she was it and I'm not even trying? "Stop it!" he yelled at himself, turning up the radio to drown out the voice.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Gerd Altmann on Pixabay)

Gerd Altmann





13. The Lamb for the Sacrifice


Chad sat there staring at June as she ate her instant cup noodles while a game show buzzed on the television in the background. Her eyes glued to it.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" she mumbled, hurrying to swallow the food before the question completely escaped her mouth. "Something wrong?"

He shook his head and attempted to turn away. "Any plans for the weekend?"

June peeled her gaze away from the show to look at him and scooped another forkful of noodles into her mouth. Again with her mouth full, she spoke. "I don't know. I have a job interview for a bit."

Chad nodded, trying to keep his eyes on the telly, but failing. It surprised him that he wasn't getting irritated when she talked with her mouthful. Normally, things like that irritated him to no end. Once, he'd turned around to a man on the train for chewing his food with his mouth open. He had told the guy to go back to 'chewing school'. If there was such a thing, he suspected June might need to go.

"Why do you ask?" She scooped up the last of the noodles, thank God. "You need me to do anything for you?"

He shook his head again, deciding it wasn't the right moment to ask her out on a semi-date to his family barbecue on the weekend. "If you were free and weren't doing anything, then..."

June tipped the cup up, drinking the last of the soup. "What's up, Chad?"

"My family is having a barbecue on Saturday," he started. "You don't have to come but they invited you too when I mentioned I had a new flatmate."

"Oh God," June gasped, gutting Chad before she'd even said, "They don't think we're dating, do they?"

Chad shook his head once more, praying that his face gave nothing of the sort away.

"Oh, thank God, 'cause that would be so weird." She laughed, disappearing into the kitchen with her empty cup. "Can you imagine?" He heard her still laughing as she opened the fridge door. "You want ice cream?"

"Exactly what I was thinking," he managed in pretend amusement. "So, I'll tell them you had work or something."

"Oh no, don't do that." She handed him an ice cream tub of his own and sat back down to watch TV. "I'll pop by if I can. Give me the address."

Chad stared at her profile, engrossed as she was between a game show and her dessert. He forced the ice cream down in small nibbles and rose. "I might get some writing done seeing how I have to start all over again."

She didn't even glance his way. "Good night then."

"Night," he whispered, standing there awfully long, observing the shades of colour in her hair. When the commercials came on, he finally slunk into his office. He may as well write. He needed a distraction, anything but the thoughts of her, June.

'Can you imagine?' Her words echoed in his head, as did her laughter. What was he expecting to happen? He sat down at his desk and brought out the notebook. What were you expecting, Chad? The thought kicked him like a steel-capped boot to the gut, or perhaps it was the ice cream he hadn't wanted to eat. His stomach churned uncomfortably.

'Can you imagine?' What were you expecting, Chad? He stared at a blank page on the notebook. What was he going to write? June , the thought barged in. Write about June.

June Write about June. "I can't write about her!" he mumbled, more than tempted to sit down, flex his fingers and begin her tale. He wished he hadn't visited his diabolical mother. At least he wouldn't be thinking about June that way. What way exactly? The question berated him and he couldn't think of a comeback. This was unlike him. He was the one man he could usually argue with and win, but not today it seemed. Today, he was pathetic and his inner voice was coming out victorious.

that way. What way exactly?

'So why can't you write about her?' the voice took on Terry's and Chad swiftly shivered. He hadn't given Terry a thought when he'd changed the story. He couldn't tell her he was back to the drawing board, back to zero, without something else to offer and appease her.

'So why can't you write about her?' The memory of his first meeting with June leapt to his mind. The way she had jumped at him, full of bark. Not like the mellow kitten sitting riveted on the couch. It made him smile. He could hear her yell out answers to the quiz show through the door. How far they'd come in a few months. Chad had been a lonely writer nursing a shattered heart, too hurt to come up with the next epic romance, and June was at her lowest, living on the streets cursing men who dared wake her from her precarious slumber.

"And what would I write?" he asked himself, unable to shake the heavy, purposeful feeling that often came with shitty ideas he felt compelled to write. "I don't have a story."

He stared at the closed door to the study, almost able to picture June in the lounge room. Her knees pulled up underneath her chin, her occasional frustrated yelps at the screen, and the rapid-fire flicker of light illuminating her face as she changed channels to avoid ad breaks.

He poised his pen over the paper absently and scribbled a title. The first time he'd ever written a title before knowing what the story was. There was something about the title that sent a wave through his body. He stared at it for a long while and added 'for' before the word he was staring at. What was he doing? What was Chad Gilligan doing? He'd made a promise a long time ago to never base a story on someone from real life, so what was he doing?

What was he doing? What was Chad Gilligan doing? Chad ignored the warning bells in his head. The title clung to him like a desperate child who didn't want to let go for fear he would abandon them. Even the door slamming upstairs, followed by an "I'm sorry!" yelled down the stairs, couldn't quite take him out of the moral dilemma he faced. Should he do it? Write about her? 'June'. The title he was staring at, smack in the middle of the white page. It gleamed at him like the smile of the Cheshire cat, there but not there, wanting to be yet too timid to materialise.

It was an entire hour before Terry's voiced coaxed him on, candy-sweet. 'Do it, Chad. This could be the biggest one. I can feel it in my bones!'

'Do it, Chad. This could be the biggest one. I can feel it in my bones!' And to be honest, Chad could too. Feel it in his bones. If he wrote this story, about a romance he concocted between June and himself, the damsel-in-distress and the hero author, it would be his biggest novel yet. Bigger than, How he loved her , his last one.

How he loved her Chad, dubious as he was of the voice, and the decision, wrote vigorously nevertheless. He did not know where the story would go, but he knew where it had begun. Thus, he wrote until the neighbour's rooster crowed at the break of dawn. Yet, before he could drag himself to bed, he had an important and perilous email to send. There was no telling how she would react. This could spell murder, his murder... or more likely, a career suicide.

Dear Terry, it began.

Dear Terry, I hate to do this to you but I'm letting you know as pathetic as I have been the last few months, I've scraped the previous story. I am no longer writing my memoir. I repeat. I am NO LONGER writing it. In fact, I chucked it in the bin just now, unceremoniously, with the image of my mother laughing at me stuck in my mind.

I hate to do this to you but I'm letting you know as pathetic as I have been the last few months, I've scraped the previous story. I am no longer writing my memoir. I repeat. I am NO LONGER writing it. In fact, I chucked it in the bin just now, unceremoniously, with the image of my mother laughing at me stuck in my mind. I can hear you screaming, "Chad Gilligan!" and I wholeheartedly agree. You've been a friend, a confidante, but most of all, you've been honest with me, so I'm being honest with you.

I can hear you screaming, "Chad Gilligan!" and I wholeheartedly agree. You've been a friend, a confidante, but most of all, you've been honest with me, so I'm being honest with you. A novel idea has struck me and I'm not sure if it's any good, but I have spent all night writing it so far and have to say I've never felt this way about a story before. So here's what I have so far. Read it after you've cooled down and be honest with me. Shred me to pieces.

A novel idea has struck me and I'm not sure if it's any good, but I have spent all night writing it so far and have to say I've never felt this way about a story before. So here's what I have so far. Read it after you've cooled down and be honest with me. Shred me to pieces.

Love, Chad

Love, Chad P.S.: I'm going down for my usual nap, so if you decide to turn up at my door, bring pastries along with your sharpened knife.

P.S.: I'm going down for my usual nap, so if you decide to turn up at my door, bring pastries along with your sharpened knife. He scanned the pages he'd written and attached the file to the email before clicking 'send', no longer able to change his mind.

He had a sinking feeling as he watched the message whoosh out of the screen. He hoped Terry would like it. She was the one who had suggested it. He turned off the screen, closed his notebook and left the room, scared that Terry may respond right away, robbing him of the buffer in which he wanted to prep himself mentally for the wrath.

whoosh As he climbed the stairs, he surmised he didn't know June's story at all, and it was time to find out for research, of course. It had nothing to do with this fabled 'crush' his mum and Jo hinted at, loudly.

He scribbled a note for June on a piece of paper from the writing pad he kept beside his bed and slipped it under her door. He considered popping a sleeping pill to help his nerves so he could sleep, but he wanted to hear June's reply without being half dead. For that, he needed to shake off sleep easily. He crawled under the duvet with his stomach rumbling nervously and closed his eyes, content.

The sober hours of the morning would reveal the responses of both women he may or may not have pissed off. Most likely than not, he may have dug himself a giant hole in both instances and it was a scary thought.

A knock sounded on his door in what seemed like five minutes of shut-eye. "Yes?"

"Are you sure about his, Chad?" June's voice filtered through the door. "I mean, it's a family barbecue. Your family might mind."

Chad peeked over the cover, hardly having paid attention to what she said. He slipped out of bed with heavy legs and opened the door. June was ready to leave. "Uni today?"

She shook her head. "I don't have classes on Fridays, remember." Chad nodded. She flapped the note in front of him. "You sure about this?"

"You'd be doing me a big favour." He grabbed a T-shirt from the back of his door and put it on, aware of his naked torso, and her gaze, occasionally fleeting to his once-were-abs. He didn't really have a problem being naked, but he really wasn't in the best of shape. He couldn't quite remember the last time he'd gone to the gym.

"You worked out?" There was a hint of 'when' in her voice.

He didn't blame her for wondering when he had been an adult who could manage life. He chuckled, a little nervously. "You may have the privilege of meeting Setal's gym guy one day and he'll sign you up to this twelve weeks program too." He slipped past her and headed downstairs.

"Who?" She followed.

"Ex's ex, I think." He turned partway down the stairs. "Going somewhere then?" He eyed her dress.

She followed him downstairs. "I applied to that corner café yesterday, and they called me for an interview this morning. I'm a little nervous." She saw the surprise on his face. "It's closer to home so I'm hoping if I get it, I don't have to go to the one tomorrow. Meaning I can go to the barbecue with you."

Coffee sounded wonderful to Chad, as sleep-deprived as he was. "You mean I can get discount croissant whenever I go there if you get the job?" He forced a smile, heading straight for the fridge. He pulled out the tub of yogurt and started digging in. "It shouldn't be more than a couple of hours tomorrow."

June uneasily shuffled. "You won't mention how I came to live here?"

He nearly snorted yoghurt out his nose. "And deal with my mum and sister and all their crazy?"



"You need saving from them?" she asked, pushing him over. She grabbed a spoon and tucked into his tub.

He watched her nervously gobble the food. "I have a feeling my dad will be there." He lost his appetite and relinquished the tub. "Come on, let's grab a proper breakfast at your café and maybe after your interview, we can go movies or something. Make a day of it. Forget our woes, as they say."

your "Are you asking me out?" she asked, her head thrown back playfully.

"I want to avoid staying home today," he said with a quick shake of his head. "I told Terry this morning I scraped the old idea. And I don't fancy her storming in here, angry when I'm alone," he stammered.

"You postponed it again?" Her jaw dropped, and he nodded. "Do you have another idea to replace it at least?"

He shrugged. He didn't really think this was the best time to tell her he was trying to study her , that she was his next story, maybe.

her "So you need an ally today?" She smiled, intuition kicking in.

"Indeed. And who knows, you and I don't really know anything about each other and my family is likely to ask a lot of questions or corner you in case they think we are dating. I think we should have enough in our arsenal to convince them we're just mates."

think "Aren't we just mates?" She peeked at him from the bottom of the tub she was scraping clean.

He forced a smile. "Yes, of course, we are just mates."

♡

Chad ignored his vibrating phone in his pocket as he poured four sticks of sugar into his mocha and took a sip. The coffee was still too bitter this morning.

"You don't go to the café in the city anymore." June watched him pour in two more sticks of sugar. "How come?"

It was a question Chad hadn't given a thought to. He hadn't noticed the disruption to his daily morning routine. No wonder he couldn't focus on his writing. "I don't know," he replied. "When's your interview?"

"Soon."

He took one tentative sip, but the bitterness hadn't lessened from the sacks of sugar he'd dumped in it. "Tell them their new grind sucks!"

"Chad."

"What? It does. Don't believe me, try it." He pushed the coffee over.

June pulled the most horrible expression and gagged at the first sip.

"See. Horrible," he added, triumphantly pushing the cup away from both of them.

"Stop shaking the damn table," she muttered, her hand gripping the rattling table. Chad hadn't even realised his leg was nervously bouncing on the floor till she reached over and put a firm hand on his knee. "I'm the one here for an interview, so why are you so nervous?"

"I haven't seen my dad in over a decade." He stopped the shaking and eyed her hand, staring at the one dark freckle on her index finger. It was a great detail he could add.

"I'll see you soon." Her hand disappeared, and by the time he looked up, she was gone. Her iced tea barely touched. He scanned the café and spotted her following a tall blond with his curly wave tied in a loose man-bun.

An image flashed in Chad's mind: the glorious mane seductively dancing in the wind like a lion's. Instantly, he didn't like this guy. Probably a jerk. "And makes terrible coffee." He habitually reached for the coffee only to gag once more.

Probably a jerk. He took the poison back to the barista. "I can't drink this vile thing," he said, a little louder than intended, annoyed that his manhood was being challenged for no apparent reason this morning. Why was she wearing a comely dress for an interview?

Why was she wearing a comely dress for an interview? "Would you like me to make you another?"

Chad glared at the guy frothing milk at the machine, not even glancing his way. "Only if you taste that first," he challenged, eyeing the barely sipped cup of coffee he'd placed on the counter.

The barista narrowed his eyes at Chad, who lingered, eyeing the door to the kitchen. "She won't be back for ages. They will do some talking, followed by hours of hot, unbridled sex."

"What?" Chad almost shouted in shock.

The barista glared at him, passed waitress two cups of coffee and took a step towards the counter finally. "I said they'll be about half an hour, so if you'd like another cup of coffee while you wait, it's on the house."

Chad stared at the man, a short, solid man you could imagine playing a sturdy tree in kindergarten plays. He sat down at one of the tall bar stools lining the small timber slab surrounding the coffee machine and nodded.

"How many interviews are you guys doing?" he asked.

"Not exactly a job opening man, if you know what I mean." The barista smiled, glancing once at the kitchen door as another wait staff brought out some lucky man's club sandwich with a steaming pile of hot chips. Chad's stomach growled. "Have you seen the legs on that girl?" And suddenly, to Chad's dismay, the two of them were sharing a bro-moment over June.

"She's my flatmate." He pulled the fresh coffee over, not meaning to sound disheartened as he did.

"Damn, and you haven't hit that yet?"

Chad felt he was fielding balls at a game he was about to lose. "We're friends," he managed. "Mind if I get a club sandwich?"

"One club sandwich coming up," said the barista, but what Chad heard was 'You lost, man. You lost, and you didn't even know you were playing.'

'You lost, man. You lost, and you didn't even know you were playing.' "So, does she have a boyfriend?"

Chad shook his head. She didn't.

"Awesome!" the low whisper still reached him.

He wished he hadn't chosen to sit there waiting for a woman who was possibly and probably falling in love with the King of the café. While he sat there drinking his free coffee, crushed.

King She'll never see me that way . He stared darkly as the giant tempting club sandwich placed in front of him. But he was no longer hungry.



She'll never see me that way .



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Free-Photos on Pixabay)

Free-Photos





14. Charcoal and the Chook


Chad didn't mean to, but every time he regarded his dad, his eyes narrowed into laser-shooting slits. If only he had the power to pulverize. "What could they be talking about?" he grumbled, sitting across Jo on a deck chair and sipping his beer.

"It's dad," Jo stated. "She's a young, hot thing. What do you think?"

"You think he's asking her about us?"

"Thought you said there was no us ." Jo grinned. "Have you asked her out yet? Or you still a chicken?"

us Chad choked on his beer, sputtering it over his light blue polo. The question had been unexpected and he could feel the burn in his nose as the liquid found its way up and through it. "I don't like her that way, Jo."

Jo remained quiet but her grin widened evermore, accompanied by a patronising nod. Chad hated when she did that. All their childhood, Jo seemed to know more about the world around Chad than he did. He was only good in his written world, where every detail, every fantasy was his to command. "You think I like her?" he finally asked.

Jo shrugged. "You haven't been able to look away. What do you think?"

He went back to his beer. "By the time tonight ends, dad might beat me to it." He managed a smile as did his sister. "Where's mum?"

Jo nodded towards the bedroom window and soon enough when he turned, Marjorie was staring out the window at her ex-husband and the girl.

the girl. "Did you know they're not even divorced yet?" Jo's voice broke out in an indignant whisper as she moved closer.

"What?" he sounded equally scandalous in his whisper. "No? They've been divorced since we were sixteen?"

Jo shook her head and scooted closer till her lips touched his cheek. "Separated, but not officially divorced. Apparently mum refused to sign the paper for a while, and when she was ready to sign eight years later or something absurd, he had already run off to Europe."

Chad's mouth flew open, flabbergast. This was a shocking piece of news. "They're still married?"

Jo nodded, eyes darting to 'dad', busy flirting with June over by the barbecue.

He savagely stared at the man too, blatant in his attempt to chat up June. The meat on the barbecue forgotten and turned to charcoal, probably. "Is that why he's back? To make it official?"

Jo shrugged, getting up off the cooler she sat on. She grabbed a couple more drinks and handed one to Chad. "That's not what mum said last night."

"You stayed over?"

"We would have done the barbecue at mine, but she needed a friend last night. It's not a crime," Jo countered. "Besides, Tom and I hit a little rough patch, and I needed to get away too."

Chad laughed. If he was a serial failure at establishing relationships at all, his twin was a gamophobe, gravely scared of commitment yet boasted an extensive list of lovers, which bordered on declaring her a nympho. Her longest relationship to date was eleven months, a month shy of that big YEAR. The poor bloke never saw it coming, the breakup.

"Should you even be having problems with Tom this early?" he asked, knowing Jo had only started dating the man a few months ago. "What's it been, three months?"

"Four," she corrected. "I'm trying to make it work this time."

"Yes, and you're doing a fantastic job of it I'm sure." He suppressed a peal of laughter. "By avoiding your own problems and help disgruntled oldies solve their decades' old marriage debacle?"

"Dad's here to make it work," she whispered, and Chad's beer once again found the front of his shirt, but thankfully not his nose.

"Are you kidding me? After everything he's done?"



Jo shrugged. Chad turned his attention back to their father. The man looked unfamiliar from his memories, a little rounder, a little bolder, greyer and definitely older, a lot older. "Are you even sure that's our father?" he asked before he could help himself.

"Father?"

"You know what I mean. Feels like that's all he did, father us. I don't even know the guy. Do you?" He chugged the rest of his drink. It took him a while to do so and provided a distraction from Jo's glare.

"Right, I don't know about you, but I'm starving, and if I let those two continue the way they are, we're gonna have charcoal for dinner." He walked away from Jo as quick as he could, in time to avoid her reaching hand. "And get mum out of that room, will you? She's taking too long to decide what to wear to impress the fool. God knows why she even wants to."

He interrupted the conversation his father and June were having with an awkward smile. "Move aside before we have to pick up the phone and order pizza!" The smile on his face felt warm despite his wanting to kick the shit out of the so-called-dad for leaving mum all those years ago. However, with three bottles of beer downed, Chad was not bothered much.

"We were just talking about you." June smiled sweetly and leaned in to plant a kiss on his cheek. Her hand slipped around the back of his pants and hung by the loop, to his surprise. He felt a squeeze on his butt cheek and June's barely audible whisper of 'play along'.

"You were?" he couldn't have sounded more genuine. "What about us ?"

us "June was telling me how you two met."

Chad's eyes widened in terror, but no one noticed the alarm. June was speaking, and the man was rapt.

"I was telling your dad how I attended the Romance Writer's panel at the Sydney Writer's Festival last year, where you were one of the guest authors." Her smile grew wider and Chad hoped his expression was unruffled enough to not unravel her story. "How I got so enthusiastic and jumped out of my seat to ask a question during Q&A and you got a fright."

Chad faked a laugh which morphed into a hysterical pitch as he realized, June, was a fantastic storyteller. Better than him, perhaps. "Yeah, what was your question again?"

"How do you write such sweeping romances for women, when clearly, you're a guy?" She smiled, leaning her body against his. Her palm rested on his chest, making his skin beneath tingle, aware of her touch. She looked him in the eyes then, love pouring out. The woman was gorgeous, and a talented actress. It made him hold his breath.

"That cracks me up every time!" It was his dad's laughter that made his breath whoosh out again. "You've got one hell of a girl here, Chad. One hell of a girl..." His dad, Jackson, thumped his back a few times and wiped the tears at the corner of his eye caused by laughter. "I'm going to go get me a drink and find my wife."

"Hell of a girl." Jackson walked away, still laughing. "When clearly, you're a guy?"

With Jackson was out of earshot, Chad turned to June, who was still in his arms, still laughing as she watched the older Mr Gilligan walk away.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Helping you out."

"With what?"

June wriggled out of his arms. "I didn't like the way he was going on about you."

"Why? What did he say?"

"That you two can barely find anyone who wants to commit to you, let alone love you."

"That bastard!" Chad narrowed his eyes in false anger, hoping to cover the embarrassment he felt, since part of it was probably true. Love and Chad didn't mix well, and Jo's serial relationships went nowhere. Neither of which they could boast about.



"After all you've done for me, a little white lie couldn't go amiss." She rubbed his arms as a consolation. He hated it. It felt like he was being friend-zoned. Really friend-zoned.

Really friend-zoned. She straightened his shirt out and grabbed his collar with both hands. Her eyes sparkled as she looked into his. "You should kiss me."

"What?"

Her gaze darted towards the house behind him. "Your dad's still watching us. A kiss would really sell our story."

Chad nearly lost the grip on his bottle. His breath shortened and his heartbeat quickened, galloping happily. "Right," he managed, but couldn't really make the first move. How do you kiss a girl you've only realised you have feelings for? He could not kiss her and make it look like he'd done it hundreds of times before. He was too nervous.

"Oh, stop thinking so much." She clasped his face with her hands and pulled him down to her soft lips. A simple kiss between lovers, but for Chad, it made the world go silent for a moment, but a moment nevertheless.

"Woo, that's more like it," Jackson yelled behind them and Chad could feel June smile as she broke the kiss.

"That wasn't so hard, was it?" Her smile was warm. "I will grab another drink. You want one?"

He shook his head, turning to the face the charcoaled chook on the barbecue, for something else was hard and he did not need her to notice. He watched her leave from the corner of his eyes and sighed, oblivious to the fact that Jo was approaching him. He touched his lips absently, peering down at the front of his pants, at the pecker in surprise. She'd turned him on with a mere kiss.

"Yep, you definitely don't like her at all!" Jo eyed him with a giggle as he tried hiding his front against the hot barbecue.

"Not a word of this." He scraped the burnt meat off the barbecue. "We have to order food we can eat. This is shit."

♡

At dinner, Chad could feel Jo staring at him as she stabbed her food with a fork and shovelled it into her mouth.

"So, are you two getting serious?" Jackson asked, and Chad saw both Jo and Marjorie's head snap up. Their glances were accusatory. How dare you not tell us, Chad, but you tell this asshole? Was what they were saying.

How dare you not tell us, Chad, but you tell this asshole? "Let's see," June piped in. "We've only been living together a month now."

Chad could barely swallow the food in his mouth.

Jackson raised his bottle in a toast. "Well, here's to two young things that remind me of what Marjorie and I were like ourselves at your age. To your happiness."

While his mum and sister raised their toasts dubiously, June grabbed his hand and squeezed it. Still playing the role she had cast herself in. Not that he was complaining, but he could see someday soon he would have to explain this to his mum or Jo.

"Well, what are you waiting for, boy? Aren't you going to kiss her?" Jackson eyed them eagerly. "Heck, if I had a fine young lady like that on my arms, I'd be kissing her all the time, all over."

Chad shuddered at the thought involuntarily, bile rising in place of words.

"Jackson!" Marjorie raised her voice. "Please. She's our guest, and this is my house, so you will behave."

"Right you are." Jackson sobered up. "You're all probably wondering why I wanted to see you, minus Jo's man, which is a shame. I was looking forward to meeting the man who keeps my daughter warm at night."

Jo cringed in equal measure opposite Chad at that moment.

Jackson stood from his chair, and June's grip on Chad's hand tightened. "This is gonna be good. I can feel it," she whispered, leaning into him.

Jackson walked around Jo and approached his wife on the other end of the table. He got down on his knees and grabbed Marjorie's hand delicately. "My dear, dear, faithful Marjorie. I have made love to countless women over the years," he started and everyone cringed. "And every time, I realised I was missing something. They were missing something. They weren't you, my darling."

He made a show of kissing her hand. "You have always been the love of my life and the mother of my children. I realise that now."

"After humping everything that moved or smiled at him?" Chad muttered through gritted teeth. Why was his mother even letting this charade go on? "The nerve."

Instead of yelling at him and pushing the filth away, Marjorie cried happy tears, to both her children's surprise.

"I've made grave many mistakes, but this is the gravest mistake, and I'd like to fix before it's too late." Jackson produced a small, round-cut diamond ring from his pocket and slipped in onto their mother's finger. Not that it slid past her joint. "My dear, Marjorie, will you take me as your husband once more, with our children as our witnesses? Will you forgive me my faults and take me back to love and to hold till the end of our days?"

Chad knew his mother, and he knew she'd say 'No'. She should pull off the ring any moment and toss it back at Jackson's cheating, lying face. Any moment now!

Any moment now! Instead, Marjorie leapt onto Jackson and screamed, "Yes."

"What the fuck just happened?" Chad eyed his sister and the farce in front of him, feeling queasy. He stood from his chair and stepped away from the table as the room spun uneasily. June reached out to him before he made a fool of himself and fainted.

"You okay?"

"Not really."

"You want to go home?"

He nodded.

"Then let's go home. Give me your keys." She held out her palm. Chad did as he was told and June turned to the table sweetly. "Sorry, he's not feeling well. Must have been all the drink. And I have work early in the morning. I'm so sorry we can't stay any longer, but congratulations to you both."

Chad could feel the pressure on his throat and without saying goodbyes he rushed out of the house. By the time June found him outside, he was hurling into Marjorie's beautifully tended rose bushes. I'd be sorry, mum , he thought, but not today. Not today.

I'd be sorry, mum but not today. Not today. "You weren't kidding when you said not really?" June commented as they got into the car. "You really don't like your dad!"

Chad wound down his window in case. "He hasn't been my dad in decades, and even when he was, he was barely exemplary."

As June drove them through the quiet, drizzling night, Chad burst into a rant, long overdue.

"What is my mother thinking, saying yes to that creep again? Wasn't his leaving her the first time enough? Or that he slept around with anyone that so much as smiled at him for their entire marriage enough? Why would she say yes to him? To him ?"

him In a fit of rage, he punched the dashboard as hard as he could and a loud crack followed. He howled as pain seared through his hand.

June pulled over and tried to examine it. "I'm no doctor yet, but think you broke something."

He clenched his jaws in response. He didn't want to scream in front of her, even though that's exactly what he wanted to. He was a grown man, for God's sake, and it wasn't the pain he wanted to scream at. It was his mother. His silly, love-sick mother!

"Let's get you to an emergency," June said, pulling the car out onto the street once more.

Chad all but stared out the window intently, cursing his father in his mind.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Robert-Owen-Wahl on Pixabay)

Robert-Owen-Wahl





15a. Less than Ordinary


Terry towered over him and stared for quite some time. Perhaps it was anywhere close to a half-hour, or that's what it felt like at least.

Chad shifted his weight and brought his broken hand into view, all gloriously obvious in a white cast as if to distract her from the true tragedy. That without her permission, or approval, he had thrown out his previous idea and started another.

"It's only the starting chapters, but I believe there's something there as you said there would be." He cleared his throat. "The title is something we can change down the line, but I feel it's different. It's an unfamiliar process for me taking life and putting it into a story, but I'm writing now and regularly."

Terry held up a finger to shush him. Her foot tapped the ground audibly. Her jaws clenched before she shook her head. Silent, she walked away, clutching the journal in one hand only to throw it down on the table with a loud thud, one that made him flinch. Then she sat down ever-so-slowly on her chair, pull it closer to the table, and flip to page one, with its awful handwriting. She sighed and began reading.

"Maybe I could..." he began, and she held up her finger again to shush him, a deadly warning, "get us a coffee..." he trailed off. Warning heeded.

Terry looked over the rim of her reading glasses, a death stare. "You will sit." And that was that as she went back to reading.

Chad pulled out his phone and began skimming his social media, browsing through statuses and posts, for something to do. Occasionally he laughed at memes, reminded of Bax. It was a nice change to allow those memories back in. He'd been through similar drills before, with Terry. She was pissed, and when she was pissed, she had little to no patience for his whims and excuses. Today was one of those days, so all Chad could do was wait for her patiently.

He wondered about June as he stared at the search bar. He typed her name, surprised to find quite a few June Amari. He pulled the phone closer and eyed the tiny profile photos to determine which June Amari was his . None seemed to be her, or maybe one one without a photo was her. Who knew? He hardly could blame the girl for not advertising her life.

his Terry woke him up with a rough nudge to the shoulder. He blinked wide. It seemed he'd nodded off while waiting. "So? What do you think?" he asked, rubbing sleep off his eyes and sitting up straighter.

She sat on the coffee table opposite him with a look he couldn't or rather, hadn't learned to decipher yet. She placed the journal on the table beside her and leaned back on one arm, considering him. "How long do you think to finish this?"

Chad blinked. "So you like it?"

She shrugged. "It's got a good bone. You'd have to change several things, but it'll work, eventually."

"So we're good?" He grinned. Please say yes, please say yes .

Please say yes, please say yes "Get me an outline, a thorough outline, by the end of the week and we'll see. At present, it's a handful of chapters. And I can't do anything with a handful of chapters."

He nodded. She was correct. As always.

"When can I expect the first draft?"

Chad didn't quite know, did he? Seeing how he was waiting for the moments to happen in real life before he wrote about them in the middle of the night, away from June.

"You have an outline, don't you? Something I can use to brainstorm marketing ideas, cover design?" she asked. Chad shook his head. "Chad!" she blew up. "This is getting ridiculously out of hand, mate. First, you pitch something else and take ages to deliver something entirely different from what we discussed. Now, on top of it all, you write something without an outline and expect me to be okay with it?"



Chad shot up, unable to defend himself sitting down. "It's a spontaneous piece. I haven't planned it at all. It's happening on its own and I'm writing it, like you asked."

"You're telling me you're going with the flow?"

with He nodded. "Not entirely my style, I know, but at least, it's good material."

Terry nodded, though he could tell it wasn't what she wanted to agree to. "I did not mean write exactly what happens, Chad. You're a fiction writer, so fictionalise some bits, dramatise them, use the tropes in romcom and buck them, damn it. As much as I want this story, you must be careful how you write it."

Chad nodded. Terry had a point, as always. "What if I write it from my point of view? Would you trust me then?"

"I have no choice." She sulked away to her desk again. "Get me three to four more chapters in the next fortnight and we'll see if this has legs." She turned to her computer and typed something. "Now, go, get out of my office and get writing."

He happily obliged. He picked up his journal from the table and went to leave.

"Does she know?" Terry called out.

"Does who know?" He halted.

"The girl?" And for the first time, he saw a smile appear on her lips. He shook his head, and she nodded. "We will have to change more than a few things in it so you don't get sued." She laughed and waved him off.

"Go on, and type that shit up, will you? I can't be reading your awful writing next time. You bring me that journal again and I'll toss it in the bin." He could hear her keyboard clacking as he left. "And whatever happened to penmanship?" she yelled out.

"I don't know. It's a lost art, really!" Chad yelled back with a smile. His writing was truly God-awful, he had to admit. Some days he couldn't even read it himself.

As the elevator descended from Terry's floor, some thirty levels, Chad wondered about the bungled barbecue and how much he wanted to go there, knock on the door and drag his filthy excuse of a father out, and tell him to 'stay out'. But mostly, he thought about the kiss .

kiss In fact, here was Chad, a man, constantly thinking about the woman next door, something his female leads often did in his books. Every morning he could smell her scent trailing as she made her way to work or uni. He even wondered how she looked sleeping someday, while he stayed up writing, trying to distract himself from that very thought.

Instead of heading home, Chad detoured at the lobby towards the quaint little cafe there, found a pastry to try with a coffee and sat down to write.

He began writing about the morning he'd sat atop the kitchen bench-top eating grapes when the news on the radio had sent him running back to Hyde Park. Except, in his book, it was a regular boring old neighbourhood park in an unnamed suburb.

He wondered if June would mind that he was writing about her? Knowing her, he guessed she'd mind, but he couldn't help himself. Not anymore. June was all he could think about, and writing about her as a character helped him keep his feelings in check. Fantasies suited him better than reality. Besides, he had gone too far forward to back down now. Even Terry had read it and loved it despite her deep frown.

It was no longer a matter of writing a story he thought was worthy. It was about his career as a writer. He had a fantastic story about one homeless, helpless youth and her unsung hero staring him in the face. He couldn't let it be.

For a moment, the writing flowed all the way until he got to the part where he'd found her in the park, broken, close to calling it quits. Bax was dead. Something in her had broken. She had lost the last person she called family. And something within him had leapt forwards, like a knight in shining armour. Maybe it was the familiarity of the loss or a more primal instinct to protect someone. Either way, it had been four months since they'd met, and from time to time, Chad wondered why he had helped her. If he looked at it from Jo's perspective, he looked crazy. Not that Jo knew the truth about how June became his flatmate, nor was he planning on telling her. None of it would matter in time, he supposed, sipping coffee in between writing spells. June would not be living with him forever. Would she?



That thought made it hard for him to continue sitting there, one leg over another, scribbling away at the journal atop his lap. He stuffed the book back into his bag and drained his cold coffee, staring at the culmination of his life, the satchel. It was a capsule for his life. He was a writer. That was all he was. It was all he had. It was all he could lose in a heartbeat if he couldn't write the story.

Why does it matter if she goes? The question barged into his mind. They were friends. That's all. But the thought of her moving out, the image of her walking out the door one last time gave him heartache. Jo was right, there was more to this story than he realised. Chad Gilligan was falling for a woman he never imagined he'd meet. Or was it Zachary Eve, falling for one of his characters again, as he always did? The lines were blurring and Chad's head swam with confusion. Who was he writing as? Chad, or Zachary? And whose feelings were they, his, or his alter egos?

Why does it matter if she goes? Jo was right, That afternoon, he visited Tylor's café. He needed to walk those fateful steps once more to figure out when exactly June started mattering.

"Chad!" Tylor's voice boomed over the rest of the café and Chad felt a little shy suddenly. He waved at the crew and waited in line to order. "Long time, man, where you been for couples of months? We missed your face."

Chad laughed. Tylor always said the weirdest things, and he loved it. "Busy, you know how it is sometimes."

"Good to see you, man." Tylor grabbed Chad's hand and shook it vigorously. "What can I get you? The usual?"

"Just one set to go, thank you."

Tylor smiled knowingly. "To the park?" and Chad nodded. "Heard you met a girl?" This time Chad could almost hear the palpable disapproval in Tylor's voice.

"Visiting old memories," he managed.

"So no girl then?"

He laughed a nervous laugh. Could they all see something in him he couldn't? First Jo, then his dad, and now Tylor, all wondering if there was a new girl in his life. "Not yet."

Tylor winked, handing him a coffee and a croissant to go. "On the house. Go get her."

♡

Chad sat on the old bench. The bench where he'd met June, a grizzly homeless woman, drowning in a jacket several sizes too big, and hidden behind a scarf that covered most of her face beneath the hood.

She'd sworn at him, he remembered with a laugh. He would have never guessed what or rather who hid under that entire disguise if she hadn't spoken, or cussed. In another life, under other circumstances, Chad would have never engaged with her, let alone put himself in a position to bring her home. In another life, he would have walked away, never to see her again, never to think of her again. But here he was, several months down the track, unable to get her off his mind.

He wondered, sitting on that warm bench, how things could have turned out if it had been another Chad who had met June that cold morning. In fact, if Chad hadn't been as desperate for inspiration, he never would have heeded the advice to venture out to the park. He would have been comfortable sitting in his regular corner seat, sipping his regular coffee and occasionally glance out at the park, ignorant of the lives that crossed it daily or called it home.

He watched people cross his path, in conversation with friends, some with their phones or other devices in hand, music blaring in their worlds, while the rest of the world carried on outside. He had been one of those oblivious people once. He couldn't help but wonder how he'd survived this long as a writer, removed from the world he wrote about.

Chad's thoughts wandered back to June as he pulled out his journal and began writing. What if the only reason he had June constantly in his mind had nothing to do with his feeling for her? What if those feelings were, in fact, nothing more than him wondering how different life could have been, how dry it would have continued to be if she hadn't come along? That besides Terry, no one else knew the truth behind June was a little unsettling. It made him feel uncomfortable for once. He needed to talk to someone, to sort out his feelings, to clear it for what it was, genuine gratitude for getting him out of a writing rut. That was it. That was why he was pulled by the woman . It must be.

. It must be. Or maybe it was guilt that their meeting inspired his new story. It was all about June. In his version, June was talkative, not like the mystery of the real woman, who opened up little by little. In his story, he was not a writer learning to get back on the wagon, but a bored accountant working a 9-5 job in a big firm, contemplating throwing it all away to chase his dream of the silver screen. Far removed from the reality, he supposed, removed enough to keep June from getting cranky. In his version, she was a stranded traveller who'd lost all her belongings and no way of getting back home, so she volunteered at a homeless shelter for food and a bed. The real June shouldn't mind that at all, he guessed, or rather he hoped. He said nothing in it about being only homeless, but he used their history and Bax.

When his coffee finished, Chad felt an end to his visit. He'd come here to pin down a reason for his sudden and utterly one-track mind regarding June, and he got nothing, nothing other than more questions and a deepening doubt that he was doing something horribly wrong. Rich people with rich people's problems , he imagined she'd say, especially in the early days' June. Perhaps June was still likely to say something along the line now if she were ever to find out what he was up to.

Rich people with rich people's problems (Chapter 15 continues in the next part:)

(Chapter 15 continues in the next part:)

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by MALEAH LAND on Pixabay)

MALEAH LAND





15b. Less than Ordinary


In the evening, instead of going home, he knocked on a different door. An orange door he'd helped paint a few years back. It didn't open until the thrice knock.





Jo stood there, pale-faced and red-eyed, sniffling into used tissue and looking like she hadn't showered in days.

"What the bloody hell is wrong with you?" He walked in, barely kissing her cheek. "You sick or something? Don't get any on me."

"Geez, thanks, Chad, I'm fine, Chad. Thanks for asking," she grumbled, not making a move to close the door. "If you're gonna be this sour, leave. I'm not in the mood for your drama."

"Oh, ouch!" Chad took one quick look at her and then the dark house. "Where's Tom?"

"How the hell should I know?" She slammed the door loud as Chad moved into the house, turning lights on as he went. "Do you mind? I like the dark."

Chad ignored his sister and continued on until he reached the kitchen. Jo followed him, turning off the lights as she did. He ignored her, filled the kettle and put it to boil.

"You're not gonna ask what happened?"

"Don't need to," he replied. "You broke up with Tom and from the looks of it, it's been about two, three days."

"Four days."

"Even worse. Go take a long shower, and I'll do something about dinner. You reek."

"He left me, by the way," she grumbled, turning her tail and sulking to her room.

Chad hadn't expected to hear Tom was the one who broke it off. From what he'd seen a few months ago, the two were inseparable and very much in love. In Jo's life, a lot usually happened in a small period as opposed to his. Jo fell in love and out of it easily, while he struggled to keep the one relationship he had ever managed. Three years, all gone.

all gone. He raided Jo's fridge for something to cook. Here they were, almost thirty-four, with broken hearts and footprints of several failed relationships trailing behind them like confetti. In Jo's case, this trail was longer than his, a lot longer than his. Chad didn't fall in love easily. He kept all his romanticism for his books and their characters. Love wasn't for him, and if it was, he usually fell hard, as with Setal. Jo, however, regularly and swiftly fell in love, but as the magic weaned, and the magic always weaned, she'd freak and bail, before it became a 'forever' thing. Jo was averse to a 'forever' thing.

"You've got that face again." Jo, freshly showered, and hair hanging like a sheet of silk, slithered onto a stool on the other side of the benchtop.

"What face?" he asked, continuing to chop the bits of random vegetables he'd found at the bottom of her crisper. "I'm making soup. You got any fresh bread?"

"I haven't been to the shops." She pulled the chopping board from him. "Drop in some pasta or something and pour us wine. I need wine."

Chad did as he was told, sliding a glass of Moscato towards her and watched as she methodically chopped veggies as finely as she could. "So, why did you break up?"

The knife stopped chopping and hovered ominously over the carrot. "He did, remember. It wasn't me this time."

"What did you do?"

"Why do you assume it was me, that I must have done something?"

"With our history and track record?" He threw her a look. "You say it yourself that when things really get going, you freak out. Did you freak out this time too? Tom was a wonderful man, Jo."

Jo sniffled. "I don't think so."

"Then why did he do it? Last time I saw you two, you were doing so well."



"You and I are cursed at love."

"Bullshit."

"Ha!" Jo grunted. "Says the man in love with his flatmate but won't admit it?"

"I'm not!"

"Keep telling yourself that." She resumed chopping the veggies with a lot more gusto than required. "And maybe one day, she'll tell you she met someone and that they are moving in together? Then I'll see what you say." When she looked up, he had gone serious. "What?"

"I have to tell you something. Something about June, but you have to promise this stays strictly between you and me. No mum, and especially no Jackson!"

"Have I ever broken a promise?"

Chad glared at her. She had. Frequently.

"Okay. Okay. No mum. Now spill. What is it?"

♡

Jo sat there in all her glory, shocked. They'd stopped cooking. In fact, what they were talking about was far more important. Jo had dumped everything in the bin and ordered takeout. With a barely touched pizza slice still in her hand, she turned to him.

"You did what?

"I had to, Jo. You should have seen her. I couldn't leave her there, not after that."

"Why not? Oh my God, Chad. Are you completely out of your mind?"

"Jo! You said you would not freak out."

"No. I promised to keep mum out of this, but oh my God, Chad, bringing home a homeless girl? Seriously? What if she was another Cassie? What if she'd killed you in your sleep?"

"Then you and I wouldn't be having this conversation?"

Jo smacked him hard on the arm. "Asshat, I'm being serious! She could have."

"But she hasn't."

"That's beside the point!" Jo shouted, jumping off the sofa and pacing back and forth in front of him. "Oh, my God. My mother is a glutton for punishment, getting back together with a pathological, lying, cheating, slut-of-a-husband. My father is a bloody creep who dates women younger than me and has been off doing who knows what for decades and is probably riddled with STDs. I can't seem to hold on to a relationship no matter how hard I try, and there's my little bro, out-doing us all and bringing home a homeless person, then going ahead and fantasizing about sleeping with her. And I was thinking he was the normal one out of us."

"I do not fantasize about sleeping with June," he protested though he felt his voice waiver and heat rise up his collar.

"Bet you've stood outside her door at night at least once, wondering if she sleeps in the nude." Jo stopped pacing, half-angry, half-mocking him.

Chad's eyebrows rose and his jaw fell. "Maybe once or twice, but that doesn't mean I've fantasized."

Jo gave him a look. "You've fantasized, mate. Even at the barbecue, every time you looked at her, you fantasized. It's in those eyes, those beady fucking eyes," she pointed at her own with her hands. "Those creepy, creepy eyes you got from dad."

"Hey!" Chad rose to his feet and squared off with his sister.

"My bad, I'm sorry. I went too far." Jo surrendered. She resumed pacing, this time not as urgent. "How did you even do it, after your history with strange women?"

Chad shrugged. "I got to know her, and she was no longer that homeless girl who attacked me on day one. She was just a girl lost, scared and angry."

"And you thought you had to help her?"

Chad landed back on the sofa. "It felt right."

Jo dropped beside him. "Are you sure you can trust her?"

For the first time since the start of the conversation, Chad smiled and nodded. "And she can deal with Setal."

"Get out!" Jo laughed. "They've met?" Chad nodded once more. "When did they meet? I thought you only met June a few months ago, but you broke up with Setal ages ago?"

Chad sheepishly smiled. "She dropped in on me the other day."

"Tell me you didn't, you moron?"

"What?"

"You realise she's toying with you, yeah?" Jo asked, and Chad remained silent, perhaps a little guilty that somewhere deep down, he knew it too, but part of him had loved being desired. "She's getting married, you bloody idiot."

"What?"

"Guess she didn't tell you that bit then," Jo scoffed, pushing off the sofa. She disappeared into her bedroom only to reemerge with a shiny red envelope in hand. She handed it over. "In a few months."

Chad quietly pulled the card out; it's beautiful white, gold and red gleaming at him. It was the design they had chosen on a drunken night of pretend-we-are-getting-married. Inside, however, was some other fool's name. Chad felt something rip open in him again and hurt pour out. "It's the card we chose if we were getting married."

Jo took the card from him. "Sorry, I thought you knew. I don't even know if I want to go, but I have to."

Chad shook his head and went straight for the fridge. "I want another drink, how about you?"

"Sounds good," Jo yelled.

An hour later, Chad slumped against the couch, scoffing a handful of chips into his mouth between swigs of some drink Jo handed him. It didn't matter what it was as long as the alcohol buzzed in him.

"What has become of us?" Jo mumbled, lying on the couch staring up at the ceiling. "Mum and dad are getting married again. Setal is getting married. Tom left me when I yelled at him to leave like a good little boy. I think I might be pregnant, and you're in love with a girl you barely know."

Chad sprayed a mixture of chips and drink all over his front in a panic and slapped away the bottle from Jo's grasp. "Are you crazy? You're pregnant and you're drinking? What the hell is the matter with you?"

Jo eyed him, bleary-eyed. "Does it matter? Tom left me, Chad."

"And you're an asshole taking it out on a kid."

"One of those stick things was negative." She shrugged, struggling to sit up on her own.

"And how many sticks were there?"

"I don't remember."

"You're a mess." Chad felt all trace of alcohol vanish from his system. "Go to bed. I'm taking you to the doctor's tomorrow."

He watched Jo grab the walls as she made her way to bed, already half asleep. Then he rushed to the bathroom and threw up all his nausea. What was Jo thinking, drinking?

What was Jo thinking, drinking? He couldn't even remember how many drinks he'd had and Jo was usually a heavier drinker than he was. Shit.

Shit.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





(Image by MALEAH LAND on Pixabay)

MALEAH LAND





16. Shock to the System


Even with the hum of the clinic outside, the Tick-Tock of the clock chimed in Jo's ears while Chad leaned against the examination bed as the doctor slid the stethoscope across Jo's fairly flat belly and listened intently.

Dr Singh pulled down his stethoscope with a massive grin, "There's definitely a heartbeat. You better start thinking of names."

"Come again."

"You are going to be a mother, Ms Gilligan."

Jo gawked at Chad.

"You're going to be parents," the doctor added.

"I'm her brother." Chad cringed, feeling bile rise in his chest. "Her twin, in fact," he added, shuddering in disgust.

"Oh, I'm so sorry. I assumed. We usually get couples coming in," Dr Singh said. "When was your last period?"

Jo shrugged, uncomfortable talking about such in front of Chad. "Maybe a month or two ago?"

"Well, we'll do a blood test and an ultrasound to get you the date."

"She was drinking the other night, doc. Will that harm the baby?" Chad asked. The thought was nagging at him.

"How much are we talking? I mean, any drink is one too many in these situations, if you know what I mean. Alcohol can impair fetal development."

"I didn't know, okay!" Jo bristled in annoyance.

"How often do you drink, Jo?"

She shrugged. "I don't know."

"A glass or two a week?"

"More like a glass or two a day," Chad piped in.

"Will you shut it?" Jo warned.

"Well," the doctor slowly said, "my suggestion and professional advice would be to lay off the alcohol and till that baby is born. I'm guessing you're about two-three months pregnant. The ultrasound and blood test will tell us better."

The doctor handed Jo two print outs for the tests and smiled, abruptly bringing the visit to an end. "Come back when you've done the tests."

Jo rose from her seat. "Thank you," and left the room in a trance.

♡

Back at Jo's, Chad went through her entire kitchen, confiscating all the alcohol he could find, including the ones from her 'secret' stash at the far back corner of her wardrobe, where he knew she usually hid 'emergency' packs should she need them, and because she couldn't walk away from a 'sale'.

"You can't do that," she protested now and then with Chad piling the drinks in her plastic laundry tub.

"I can and I will." He pushed past her, reaching for her stash. "That's my little niece in there and I'm not letting you hurt her by drinking yourself silly because you can't adult or deal with your feelings like a sane person."

"Wow. Judge much?" Jo shouted in frustration. "A little sip won't hurt."

That's when Chad snapped and grabbed her by the shoulders, shaking her till she complained of nausea. He took her by the hand and marched her into her study, turned on her computer and typed her password in, to which Jo complained, "How the hell do you know my password?"

"Because it's been the same since we were fifteen." He placed her on the chair and flipped the screen her way. "Change that stupid password. It's embarrassing. Lucky in love ? Really? Which one of us and since when?"

Lucky in love He kissed the top of her head. "I'll check on you later. I have to go home and shower." He left Jo staring at cute faces of babies plastered on her screen and marched out of her house quietly with the laundry basket full of alcohol - back to his problems. He had enough to worry about on his own. What was he to do about his new obsession, June?



He placed the basket in the boot and sent Jo a message: That baby deserves better. I'm thinking, Emery?

That baby deserves better. I'm thinking, Emery? Jo messaged back: Emery is a sanding board used in manicures. I'm not naming my kid Emery.

Emery is a sanding board used in manicures. I'm not naming my kid Emery. Chad: At least you're admitting you're pregnant. And thanks for a month's supply of booze. My not-girlfriend and I will enjoy them very much .

At least you're admitting you're pregnant. And thanks for a month's supply of booze. My not-girlfriend and I will enjoy them very much Jo: You wish she were your girlfriend!

You wish she were your girlfriend! Chad: Nah .

Nah Jo: Go home, you thief . Drive safe.

Go home, you thief Drive safe. Chad struggled to bring the tubful of bottles from the car without rattling it too much. He was early and June wasn't home yet from her shift at the cafe. She'd gotten the job. Not that it surprised him.

It was only one in the afternoon on a lovely spring Friday. June had been living with him for a couple of months and he had never celebrated her companionship or thanked her for it, for agreeing to live with a stranger at his behest. Since he had a shitload of random alcohol to finish; Chad thought he could whip up some fancy dinner to go with it perfectly. It could be a surprise for her, and it totally wasn't a date or anything like that.

He marched himself over to the study and to the bookshelf at the back, with its drawers lining the bottom. From there, he pulled out his collection of recipe books, hidden from ridicule. He picked out a recipe and made a grocery list for it. He wasn't about to let June know he was a softy who enjoyed cooking from time to time, so the sooner he went shopping and started cooking, the sooner he could hide the recipe book back in the drawer whence it came. There was a lightness, a bounce to his strides as he happily bounded out of the house once more.

♡

Chad pushed a trolley full of grocery along, humming to the music in his headphones when the fresh flowers caught his attention. He chose the fattest bunch of white Lilies and added them to his haul. Next, he splurged on a selection of ice creams at the gelato shop before heading back out to the parking lot. He took his time tasting flavours before choosing two. That was when the hairs on the back of his neck stood for the first time in years. That old familiar feeling of being watched was back, and he glanced at the faces of strangers around him. Could she be back?

Could she be back? "Was that all, Sir?" the impatient teenager behind the counter called out. "Sir?"

Chad shook the feeling off and paid for his treats. "Do you know who I am?" he asked nervously as he tapped his card to the EFTPOS machine.

"No." Not surprising, the kid shook his head and gave Chad a look bordering on judging him a 'creep'.

Chad half smiled and took his purchase and his card.

The kid looked to the customer next in line and yelled, "Can I help you?"

"Right, thank you." Chad whisked his trolley around and almost ran a lady over.

"Watch it," she yelped as if he'd plunged a knife in her, or worse, as if he'd stubbed her toe with the trolley which he probably had, and in that case, he deserved the yelling.

"Sorry," he grimaced, now preoccupied with scanning faces of strangers around as conspicuously as possible. Was he paranoid, or was he being watched? It was the same uneasy feeling he used to get when he had the delirious Cassie Micha stalk him for a month, convinced he was her husband and they were married.

"It can't be," he muttered, trying to assuage his worry as he unloaded the shopping into the boot. "She's institutionalised, remember."

Yeah, but that was a while ago, Chad. She could have been released by now, his mind argued back, and he had to admit, it was entirely possible Cassie was no longer locked up, but free. Free to go wherever she pleased, even find him if she was inclined.

Yeah, but that was a while ago, Chad. She could have been released by now,

He shuddered at the thought and drove home, distracted. By the time he got back, his zeal for cooking a fancy meal for the non-date was about gone, until he saw June's microbiology textbook on the coffee table and decided she deserved pampering. That and it would distract him from the feeling, so win-win.

'Are you sure you're not trying to make a girlfriend out of her?' Jo's cynical voice took form in his head.

'Are you sure you're not trying to make a girlfriend out of her?' "No," he rebuffed, hauling the groceries into the house via several trips. "I'm making a nice meal to celebrate the fact that I'm about to become an uncle."

'Don't use my kid as an excuse.' Jo's voice was vexed. 'You're trying to impress her, admit it.'

'Don't use my kid as an excuse.' 'You're trying to impress her, admit it.' "I am not." Chad reached in the boot for the last of the items and slammed it shut. The hairs on the back of his neck prickled again. He scanned the quiet street. No one was around this time of the day. Satisfied he was alone; he went around to the back seat to fetch the flowers, only to find the seats were empty.

'Okay then, I'll admit it for you.' Jo's playful voice chided, laughing the witchy cackle she'd perfected over the years. ' You're definitely trying to make a girlfriend out of your flatmate in one of the most obvious ways, by cooking for her.'

'Okay then, I'll admit it for you.' You're definitely trying to make a girlfriend out of your flatmate in one of the most obvious ways, by cooking for her.' "Where are the flowers?" he muttered, fixated on the empty backseat. He thought he'd put them there, so where were they? He remembered buying them. He remembered grabbing them off the trolley, right?

His head snapped up as the hedge rustled. A sparrow hopped on it, picking at food. He eyed the street once more. "Where are the fucking flowers, Jo?"

'Maybe you left them on the trolley?' Jo replied with her sensibility. Maybe , thought Chad, and locked the car, making sure the doors wouldn't open before he stole like a thief into his own house.

'Maybe you left them on the trolley?' Maybe "You're imagining it. You have to be," he coaxed, starting to unpack the shopping. He suddenly stopped, struck with an idea. There was a simple way to put his mind at ease. Terry. Terry would know if there were any Zachary Eve scandalous loose-cannon-of-a-stalker out again. She'd promised to keep up with news on Cassie for him. It was time he called her and asked.

♡

"Tell me about Cassie," Chad demanded as soon as Terry picked up her phone on the third attempt. "Where is she?"

"What?"

"Cassie Micah? The stalker, Terry, my stalker. The one I found naked in my bed because she thought I was her husband? Where is she?"

"What's going on, Chad?" she asked instead. "Why are you worked up? Are you getting enough sleep?"

"Just tell me," he demanded. "Is she still institutionalised?"

Terry's long protracted silence made him nervous.

"Terry? If you know something, please tell me!" he begged, feeling his stomach flutter in fear. He'd known Terry long enough to know that her silences had meaning. She could carry out an entire conversation with varied styles and types of silences. She had one for every occasion. This one was her foreboding silence.

foreboding "Don't get mad," Terry began, keeping her voice as calm as possible so as not to alarm him. Chad's already nervous body tingled. "She was released a couple of months ago."

"What?" he squeaked. "Couple of months? A couple of months? Why didn't you tell me?"

Again, instead of answering his question, Terry's silence spoke. It was saying, 'Really, Chad? Look at how you're reacting ?' "What happened, Chad?" she asked like a mother hen.

'Really, Chad? Look at how you're reacting

Chad thought about it before answering. The first time he'd felt that sense of being watched had been about two months ago, around the time he'd met June. "I feel like I'm being watched again," he whispered. "Even today, at the shops, then when I got home. I was being watched. The bunch of flowers I bought, gone, missing from the backseat of my car while I was bringing in groceries. Someone took them out of my car, Terry, straight from my driveway."

He felt hysteria setting in and that was never good. Last time he'd been hysterical with paranoia, he'd had security cameras installed, and monitored by a company around the clock. A system that had caught Cassie sneaking into his house frequently and Police had only given her warnings until that fateful night.

He shivered at a thought, at something he'd kept secret.

"You're overworked and stressed about this book. It could be your imagination." Terry suggested.

"I'm not imagining this, Terry, like the last time I wasn't imagining it. I'm being watched. I know it. I just know it."

"Okay, okay. I hear you," Terry sighed. "Tell me what I can do for you, to make you feel comfortable?"

"Make me feel safe in my house," he whispered, beaten. "I don't live here alone, anymore, Terry. June's here too. And if it is Cassie again." It was time to tell Terry why exactly a five foot two inches of a woman had him spooked. "She killed my dog, Terry. He didn't go missing. She killed him and then sent me a photo with a message attached."

Terry's silence weighed on him. "What did the message say?" She carefully weighed her words.

"I know where your mum lives."

"You said your dog ran away. What the fuck, Chad? Is this a joke?"

"Am I laughing? She knows where my mum lives!" he fired back. "Mum never moved."

"Okay, okay. Fuck!" He could hear Terry muttering, processing the information. "Why didn't you tell the cops that day?"

"She sent it before the incident. I don't know. I thought if I offered her money she'd leave us alone."

"Jesus, Chad. You should have told the cops. And you never offer money."

"They already had her arrested that night. And I couldn't prove definitively she sent it. It was unsigned."

"So how do you know it was her?"

"She mentioned it that night, while she had me pinned down on the bed with a knife."

"This is messed up, Chad, but you can't go to the cops now with a feeling."

"She can't know where I live, can she?" he asked trying to be hopeful.

"She is an IT whiz, Chad. Stealth surveillance was her thing." In those few words, Terry had said it all. I don't know, kid, she could know where you are. She could know where we all are .

I don't know, kid, she could know where you are. She could know where we all are A lengthy silence slipped in and Terry cleared her throat. "Look, how about you carry on like you were. Pretend nothing's changed because- for all you know, you're imagining things. I'll ask around to see if anyone knows her whereabouts. See if she's even in Sydney any more. Okay?"

"Okay," Chad agreed, barely convinced.

"Chad, try to not worry, okay? I'll see what I can find out."

"Thanks, Terry." He hung up, his energy completely sapped away. He stared at the bags of grocery still left to unpack, but he was no longer bothered. Lost in thoughts, he put away the cold items and let the rest be. H sat at the kitchen counter in the darkening space. A bottle of beer in front of him barely touched.

What if Cassie is back? What if she knows where I live? What if she hurts June...? and that was where he desperately tried to stop his thoughts. June. What if Cassie hurt June out of... out of what? Jealousy? Anger? Revenge?

What if Cassie is back? What if she knows where I live? What if she hurts June...? What if Cassie hurt June out of... out of what? Jealousy? Anger? Revenge? "Nope, I'm not doing this. I'm not." He shook his head, trying to loosen the grasp of those demonic thoughts. Why wouldn't they leave him alone? Cassie couldn't possibly know his new address. It wasn't even under his real name or Zach's.

"... stealth surveillance was her thing, Chad..." Terry's laden words echoed in his mind relentlessly.

"... stealth surveillance was her thing, Chad..."

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





(Image by Gabor Adonyi on Pixabay)

Gabor Adonyi





17. Dancing Queen with two left feet


Chad heard June's giggle well before the front door swung open and her silhouette shimmied into the lounge. "Maybe Chad's not home yet," she was saying to someone walking in after her.

Chad shot up, roused into action, an action that gave June quite a fright. Such a fright in fact that she let out a shrill scream before turning on the lights.

"Jesus, Chad. What are you doing in the dark?" She closed the door behind her guest. Chad recognised the barista from the café, the one who had leered at June's mile-long legs.

His eyes darted from June to her 'friend' and back to June again.

"What are you doing sitting in the dark?" she asked again, stepping closer. He could smell the scent of coffee wafting off her. "You okay?" She stepped closer still, eyeing the kitchen and the many bags still sitting on the floor, untouched.

"I was making us dinner," he spoke and his voice cracked husky for this was the first he'd spoken since calling Terry.

"I'm eating out with the guys from work." She eyed the groceries with a guilty look. "We thought we'd grab drinks and food at a pub. Get to know each other a bit."

Chad eyed her friend again, his shoulder slouching involuntarily.

"You can come with us if you like?" she added quickly. "I mean you have to eat too and I'm sure it'd be fine with Ben."

"Ben?"

"Our manager," his uninvited guest volunteered. "He's meeting us at the pub."

June nodded. "I accidentally spilled coffee all over myself today. Lin gave me a lift home so I can change."

"I don't know." Chad hesitated. He wanted to go because he didn't quite trust Lin or this boss of theirs, Ben, but he didn't want to be a pesky tagalong either, the unwelcomed third, or fourth wheel in this case.

"What's wrong?" June stepped closer, eyeing him studiously.

He shook his head and smiled. "Just work stuff, you know. Nothing you need to worry about." He turned to Lin and saw the man agree with a nod.

"Well, you're welcome to join us," she repeated, finally heading for the stairs.

Chad glanced at the kitchen, at the cold oven, and then to Lin. "I am hungry."

"It's settled then. Get ready and we can go." She smiled sweetly from the steps. Chad could tell she was being courteous, and he should have declined, ordered home delivery and spent some time with his friend and ally, Bridget. It was June's first time out with work folks and he should let her have the night to herself without sticking his twiggy neck in the middle. But he also didn't want to be home alone tonight.

"I'm already ready." He stepped into the light of the lounge proper and sure enough he was still in his polo and Chino from the day.

"Great! Give me a few." She ran up the stairs and the boys awkwardly stared at each other with half crooked smiles.

"She's a lovely girl," Lin said nervously and Chad suddenly felt like a chaperone, or worse, her brother. Her protective brother tagging along because mummy asked him to. This is what the friend zone feels like . I'm officially in the friend zone if I go tonight .

This is what the friend zone feels like I'm officially in the friend zone if I go tonight 'You want to stay home and worry about what Cassie might do to June instead? All night?' Jo's cynically sweet voice mocked him next, and Chad pursed his lips and swayed on his heels. Lin had no idea what was going on in his head, which was good.

'You want to stay home and worry about what Cassie might do to June instead? All night?' "Yeah, she is." Chad reached for his wallet and keys, checked the back door and finally introduced himself to his guest. "I'm Chad. June's...flatmate," the word flatmate tied his tongue, and he had a hard time pronouncing it. Here he was, hours after realising June was perhaps more than a 'flatmate', and now he was about to join her friends as a 'friend or flatmate'. Things couldn't get worse today, could they?



Lin jumped forward and shook Chad's hand firmly.

"Wow, you work out?" Chad flexed his palm afterwards.

Lin laughed. "I do mix martial arts. Keeps me fit."

"And lethal, I bet." Chad smiled nervously.

Lin laughed as June joined them. "Who's lethal?" she questioned.

"I've hurt no one on purpose." Lin shook his head, stepping aside for her.

"Shall we go?" she asked, eager to get a move on.

"After you," Chad said as he followed her lead. "But you could be lethal," he muttered as the two walked ahead to Lin's car. He checked the door thrice before he followed them. "I hope you don't karate chop me for joining you uninvited, Lin."

"It's only a pub." Lin pulled the car out onto the road and Chad sat back, watching the sidewalk. When he thought he saw a figure that resembled a particular petite woman, he did a double-take, only to realise it was some blond kid on a bike, riding home.

"You okay, Chad? You seem a little jumpy?" Lin eyed him in the rear-view mirror.

"Yeah, nothing a good meal and sleep won't fix. Stress from work is getting to me and I may be seeing things." He laughed, hoping to sound casual.

"What do you do?" Lin fired the question. Obviously, he was as curious about Chad as Chad was about him. The war of the male species over the only female in their herd had begun. Let the best man win!

Chad scrambled for an idea, some lie he could make up something Lin could buy when June chimed in. "Chad's a writer."

DAMN. That was the last thing he would have said. Maybe an accountant, or a real estate broker, or something regular, but not writing. He had after all never asked her to keep his work a secret.

DAMN. "A writer? What do you write? Anything I might have read?" Lin smiled ear to ear, glancing back at Chad for once. Status quo was on Chad's side now, but at what cost?

"Oh, nothing fancy." Chad blushed.

"Pish, posh." She waved him off, and it astounded Chad that anyone young said 'pish, posh,' like the good old days. "Chad's a bestselling author. You should grab his autograph or two tonight and keep it safe for a rainy day."

Chad laughed nervously in the backseat. "I'm not that popular. Most people don't even know who I am."

"That's because you write under a pseudonym." She giggled. She was not letting this go. He should have had that chat with her about his valued anonymity a long time ago, but this was not the time.

"What's your pseudonym?" Lin grinned, thrilled to have a celebrity in his back seat for once. At least that's what it felt like to Chad. Suddenly he'd gone from being the guy who was the third wheel to one of high interest.

"Zachary Eve," Chad finally resigned and answered thinking here we go, this guy has no clue who I am, thank God. Instead, he swore Lin did a double-take on the mirror, face flushed with shock, and trying to hide it well. Lin knew the name. He was a rare male who knew Chad's alter ego, the better ego.

here we go, this guy has no clue who I am, thank God. "I bet you've never heard of it," Chad asked, leaning forward with interest. He was wildly curious to see if Lin would admit to knowing that name. Something told him Lin didn't just know Zachary Eve, he might have read a book or two and enjoyed it.

Lin shook his head. "No. I mean I might have heard the name from my sisters, you know, for gifts and stuff, but no." Lin pulled into a parking spot on the side of the road outside the pub, continuing his effort to appear completely blasé about it.



"I'd never heard of him before I met Chad, and then months later I find out I'm living with someone most girls would die to meet," June added in excitement, the glee in her eyes told Chad that she was enjoying sharing this part of her life with her new friends. To use it to form bonds and Chad couldn't very well take that away from her. If he were in her shoes, he'd probably do the same thing while bonding, trying to find her herd.

"You haven't read his books?" Lin asked as they got out of the car.

"Not before I moved in. But now I'm waiting to read his next work." June beamed at Chad. "You're so good, Chad, have I told you that?"

Chad shook his head, following the two towards the pub. "No, June. You haven't."

June smiled widely. "Well, you are. Now hurry and finish the next book, because I very much would like to read it."

Or you might not , he thought with a smile.

Or you might not "Do you get to read it before anyone else?" Lin asked of June, before swivelling quickly back to Chad. The man had killer reflexes all right. "Does anyone get to read your work before it's published?"

"No. No one except my editor." Chad shook his head. "I had this girlfriend once who used to insist on reading, and I used to let her. I was in love, but it wasn't a good idea. One of my plots got leaked months before it came out and Terry wasn't happy."

"Terry's his editor," June added upon seeing the question on Lin's face. That's when June's phone rang and Chad was glad of the interruption. "Oh, it's Ben," she answered it, quickly heading for the pub door. "Yeah, we're here, we're here."

As Chad reached for the door, Lin stepped in his way, a grin so wide Chad felt uncomfortable looking at the young man's face. Lin leaned in and whispered in Chad's ear. "I'm a huge fan. Huge!" Lin winked at him and headed in as happy as one can be, and suddenly the wink and the word 'huge' rang differently in Chad's head. Was Lin? No, he couldn't be. "Please, don't tell anyone," he added, perhaps because Chad looked like he was about to tell.

"Don't tell anyone what?" June inquired, looking at the two, whispering.

"Lin's sisters would love an autograph each and he was too shy to ask." Chad smiled at the younger man, who smiled back as a 'thank you'.

"Shall we?" She started heading in.

Chad hung back a moment, watching the two walk into the pub. This time not feeling threatened or jealous. Lin was not a threat.

♡

Once inside, Chad struggled to find the two in the smoky air courtesy of many human chimneys they passed. He hoped they weren't in the smoking area. That's when he saw the human embodiment of all his hunky male lead, Ben, in a booth, in the far corner of the beer garden where June sat beside him.

BEN .

BEN This was a man who threatened every pore Chad possessed. The man with the mane! The mane was out in full glory tonight, along with a fresh slim-fit shirt spelling out every contour, every line of his immaculate body, thanks to the hours in a gym no doubt. To top it off, Ben also came with a charming smile, a smile that deflated Chad's quivering, threatened heart. Ben was a man his heroines fell in love with: the look, the body and the hair...everything. June stood no chance, and Chad couldn't bear the idea. June and Ben, sitting in a tree, K. I. S. S. I. N. G.

K. I. S. S. I. N. G. Moments after this disarming thought, Chad discovered much to his dismay that Ben was also the co-owner of the hipster establishment where June now worked. Meaning, Ben was also financially secure. Another point to BEN.



Chad was out of his depth, that was for sure. It was one thing to imagine gorgeous characters that could make any woman swoon and fall into the man's arms. It was an entirely unique phenomenon to see one in the flesh, breathing, smiling, flirting... Flirting!

Flirting! He could see it already, the invisible sparks flying between the Demi-God, and June as she leaned in closer, as her laughter echoed softly. Her cheeks flushed red and her eyes sparkled even in the dim lighting. She was falling in love, and it wasn't with him, but this God, Ben.

"Hope you guys dance." Ben turned to Chad as their pizza, chips and beers arrived. Ben eyed the couples already on the dance floor. "Tonight is salsa night. Live DJ. The floor gets wild after nine."

Chad shook his head. No, he was not a dancer. He couldn't remember the last time he'd danced. He had not been blessed with rhythm, and he envied men who could do it with ease. Tom. Now that was a man who could dance, and he bet Jo got a lot more action in bed because of that. That thought too made Chad shiver. Poor Jo, pregnant and panicking because of the swoon-worthy skills Tom possessed.

"You don't dance?" Ben stared at him.

"Not unless I'm getting married. Even then I'd have to be forced." Chad managed a slight smile and dived into his slice.

Lin laughed. "You're not married yet?"

Yet? Gee, did he really look that much older? "Oh, I got close once," he began, awkwardly. "Does that count?"

Yet? "That's not what I meant." Lin touched Chad's arm apologetic, and he wasn't sure how to feel about the intimacy. "I mean, how is it that Zachary Eve is not taken?"

Zachary Eve "Zachary Eve?" Ben quizzed, his brows rising high as he spun his empty schooner in his hand.

"Chad's an author!" Lin almost squealed, his macho physique clashing violently with his excitement. "He's got like ten best-selling novels or something."

Lin beamed at Chad, picking up his schooner of beer before realising he was fawning like a fan-girl. He slumped back as casually as he could after that. "I mean, so I've heard. My sisters keep waiting for his next book to come out. They've been reading his works since high school."

Ben nodded, not in the least bit interested. So Chad was a writer. It was nothing compared to his manly charms, obviously. "So you write chick flicks?"

"Chick Lit is the term they throw around," Chad corrected. "And I'd like to think I write literature of high interest to women. Women's fiction, if you will."

Ben's smile barely reached his eyes. "So June?" he asked, eyes still on Chad, "How do you two know each other?"

June stumbled for an answer. She was not about to tell him the truth. She was trying to come up with something other than 'Chad saved me from the streets' because it would make her sound like Julia Roberts's character in Pretty Woman, which she wasn't. She wasn't a hooker, and Chad wasn't exactly a charming millionaire wanting sexy time.

"We met at the Sydney Writer's festival a few years back," Chad volunteered, glad to see her relax. "A friend dragged there her, I believe." It was a slightly different version of the story she had once told to cover his ass. It was the least he could do. "And when she moved to Sydney for Uni, I offered her a place to stay till she figures out what she wants to do or where she wants to live." Chad glanced at June, worried how that last bit sounded. "Or stay. It's up to her."

Ben's gaze shot to June. "What?"

Chad smiled. Ben hadn't known June lived with him. Ah, sweet, sweet mercy. One point to Chad. The game continues.

Ah, sweet, sweet mercy.

"We're flatmates, pretty much," June quickly recovered. "Not that Chad takes rent money from me, yet."

"And I don't intend to," he fired back, offended. "I'm happy to have the company."

"Company?" Ben asked, obviously dubious of Chad and his motives, in case 'company' was code for something else entirely.

"Shall I get us another round of drinks?" Lin interjected, trying to get Chad's back, or rather distract. "The previous one was piss weak."

"Yeah, sounds good," Chad chimed in, eyes riveted on Ben's worried face. He slipped out of the booth after Lin with a smile. "This rounds on me. What does everyone want?"

"A margarita," June piped, thankful for the change in topic.

♡

"To June!" Ben pulled her closer to him by the waist and held up his beer. "Whose smile and sense of humour have brought an extra something to work."

"To June!" They cheered and chugged.

Moments later, shots of tequila Lin had ordered flowed. Chad looked at June to gauge her drunkenness. "Shall we head home, June?" He watched her lean her head on Ben's shoulder, almost asleep.

"Oh no, no, no." Ben nudged her up, "We have to hit the dance floor." He pulled her out of the booth, saying, "How about I drop you off later? Chad can go home if he wants."

June took a while to answer. Chad could see her hesitate. She wasn't that kind of girl. She wasn't comfortable enough to go home with Ben yet. "I have a shift tomorrow," she managed.

Ben laughed, "I'll get Dot to cover it."

Chad slipped out of the booth after them, "I guess I could stand on the dance floor for a bit."

June slipped her hand away from Ben's and pulled Chad to the dance floor with her. "You're my saviour, Chad Gilligan. I don't know where I'd be without you. Maybe like Bax, splat on the side of the road," she murmured in his ear as the moving amoeba of the dance floor swallowed them, leaving Ben stumped.

She looked like she was about to say something else profound, but bit her bottom lip instead. "I also wanted to thank you, for everything, for giving me my life back."

She lunged herself at him, hugging him tightly around the neck. "I'll be your pretend girlfriend whenever you need." She kissed Chad's cheek and patted his chest before turning around and joining Ben on the edge of the floor. Soon, the swooning, thrusting hips that belonged to Ben whisked her up and into the throng of people.

Chad could barely see them anymore. Just as well . If he had to watch Ben gyrate to the music and into June's hips, he'd rather go home. He turned around with that intention and said to Lin, "I think I better go."

Just as well "What? Why?" Lin genuinely sounded disappointed.

"Two left-feet," Chad yelled over the music, as they spotted Ben and June now and then in the crowd. Was that kissing he saw? Were they kissing?

Chad watched the dance floor with abated breath, jealousy rumbling in his tight chest. June waved at them with a grin before Ben made her disappear again. He did not need to see this part of her life. Or be jealous. No, he needed to get away before he marched himself into the crowd and attempted to out-woo Ben, which was near impossible to do.

"Can you make sure she gets home safe?" he yelled at Lin over the noise.

Lin nodded. "Will do!" He playfully displayed a karate chop. It made Chad laugh.

"Say hi to your sisters for me." Chad thumped Lin's back and walked away before he was tempted to stare at June lip-locked with Ben again.

"It was nice to meet you." He heard Lin scream over the top of the music as he left.

Chad waved back over his shoulder. Nice to meet you too.



Nice to meet you too.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Thomas Schroeder on Pixabay)

Thomas Schroeder





18. Tread Carefully


"Goodnight, guys!" June slurred her speech outside the door, struggling to find the correct keys. Chad could hear her as he emerged from his gloomy study. He'd thought he'd wait up for her, to make sure she got home okay, but he also felt stupid. He was acting like a jealous boyfriend, or worse, a parent. That's when he had tried to spend his time writing.

Truth be told, he hadn't even managed a word in the hours he waited. He had spent it imagining what she could get up to. One of the most daunting thoughts to cross his mind was her getting busy with Ben somewhere. He bitterly hoped she was sensible enough to use protection.

The keys continued to jingle outside, crystal clear against the silent night. He wondered if he should open the door, or would that look creepy, like he'd been waiting up for her?

'Of course, it would!' Terry's voice, one of Chad's most sane, intrinsic voices screamed in his head. 'First, you write about her without her permission, and now you wait up all night for her to come home from a date? How do you think it looks?'

'Of course, it would!' 'First, you write about her without her permission, and now you wait up all night for her to come home from a date? How do you think it looks?' "It's not a date," Chad whispered back, still debating whether he should open the door.

"You wouldn't be having all this trouble if you came home with me." Ben laughed outside, his voice much louder, much more alert than June's. "Here, let me help!" he insisted. "Before we wake up the old man."

"Old man?" Chad heard the locks click, and he hurried up the stairs as quietly as he could, ready to dive into bed and pretend he'd been asleep for hours.

"Oh, he's still up?" Ben asked, looking towards the light in the study.

"Chad has a habit of forgetting to turn off lights. I'll get it, as usual." She giggled.

"You, you..." Ben started lowering his voice so much that Chad, standing at the top of the stairs, had to strain to hear. "You're gorgeous, girl."

Chad could hear June giggle softly. "Go on, say goodnight. Say good night," he muttered under his breath. Instead, he only heard prolonged silence, a silence that forced him to sneak down a step or two, only to catch Ben kissing June, his slimy hands roaming over her body.

Ben pushed June towards the door, and it thundered briefly against the wall.

"We'll wake up Chad." June pushed him away with little conviction. "I don't feel so well." Her hands flew to her mouth. Ben stepped back, away from her. Yes, thought Chad.

Yes, "Damn," Ben mumbled, hands barely on her hips. "You should get to a bathroom, June. Goodnight."

June nodded, closing the door behind him before rushing to the downstairs toilet. Chad could hear the sounds of retching, and they were making him dry heave too.

He lingered on top of the stairs. "Should I?"

'Of course, you should, you idiot!' Terry yelled in his head again. 'This is one of those times you get to be the hero. So go be a bloody hero!'

'Of course, you should, you idiot!' 'This is one of those times you get to be the hero. So go be a bloody hero!' "Right." He scrambled downstairs, rushing to aid the fair maiden who had somehow fallen asleep over the toilet bowl. "Let's get you cleaned up and in bed." He pulled her up, guiding her up the stairs. He talked to her, trying to distract himself from the stench of bile. He never thought he'd be cleaning up any more messy nights, not after Jo had moved out at twenty-one, but here he was, doing just the thing for a girl he barely knew. Yup, he couldn't deny it. He liked her.

He eyed the front of her dress, wet. She would need a shower and the dress thrown out, or better, burnt. But who would remove the said dress?

As they passed the hallway mirror upstairs, Chad eyed himself. "Should I, or shouldn't I, Terry?"



Terry stayed quiet.

"June? Can you hear me?" he asked, walking her into the bathroom. "We need to get you cleaned up, okay? You're a little messed up."

"Hmm," June moaned in acknowledgement as Chad sat her down on the toilet seat. He turned the shower on.

"Can you shower yourself?" he asked, hoping she'd say yes. "Shall I put you in there with your clothes on?"

"Hmm," she moaned again, her eyes barely open. There was an imperceptible shake of the head, or was that a nod?

"Okay. No dress. I'll leave your other things on, okay? But the dress has got to go." With his heart leaping to his throat, Chad pulled off June's dress, averting his eyes from her to give her some privacy, but he couldn't help it. He was only human, and she was beautiful, and bra-less, to his utter surprise. "Oh, shit!"

Gorgeous ... his brain started when Terry chimed in again. 'Stop, Chad. She's a friend. Stop. Put her under the water and make sure she doesn't fall. That's all. Nothing more.'

Gorgeous 'Stop, Chad. She's a friend. Stop. Put her under the water and make sure she doesn't fall. That's all. Nothing more.' Chad obeyed. His faculties disarmed by the task at hand. So much so that fully clothed, he stood under the waterfall with her in her beautiful lace underwear till the stench washed away. Not once did his gaze hover over her. He stood behind her frozen, holding her up, his eyes closed shut, his breath ragged. It was a good thing Terry was home in his head tonight.

He wrapped her up in a towel and scooped her up in his arms, taking her to her bed. He laid her down gently. She stirred a little, and in her haze pulled him to her lips for a kiss, a kiss that questioned his resolve. He struggled to let her go, to pry her arms from his neck. He watched her wrapped like a burrito in her bath towel, wondering if she would remember this when she woke. Probably not, and he was okay with that.

"Please don't ask more of me tonight." He walked over to the foot of the bed, grabbed her pyjamas and placed them next to her, under one of her hands. "Change out of the wet towel and go to sleep." He gave her a quick kiss on the head and rushed out of the room as if his tail was on fire. He closed the door behind himself, wishing he'd put a lock on it. It was taking everything not to walk back in and return her kiss properly.

He lingered a little while longer outside the door. His hand clutching the handle till his knuckles whitened.

'Walk away, Chad,' Jo's voice gently coaxed him this time. 'This is not a relationship you want to jeopardize. Not this one.'

'Walk away, Chad,' 'This is not a relationship you want to jeopardize. Not this one.' Chad nodded. It was a relationship he didn't want to destroy. Not this one. It was the hardest walk he'd done in his life, taking those few steps to his room. The hardest walk when he could have gone back into her arms.

He locked his own door with a sigh.

♡

Around midday, Chad heard the old creaky floorboards above him groan to life. June was up; awake, hung-over, and possibly mortified as memories of the night flooded back.

He cupped his hand over the phone to muffle his conversation, ran into the study and closed the door behind. "I think she's up. Oh, God. This is so embarrassing. I was practically a blubbering idiot last night."

"This is embarrassing for you?" Jo laughed. "She's the one who was butt-naked and unconscious, Chad. Imagine how mortified she'd be, knowing her guardian-like flatmate had to strip her down and put her in a cold shower."

"Guardian?" Chad swallowed the lump in his throat. He didn't like the sound of that.

"I didn't want to say dad-figure." Jo laughed again. "She has a dad somewhere out there, which oddly enough we know nothing about. Where are her parents anyway?"



Irritated at the word 'dad', Chad ignored his sister, though he too wondered where her parents were. "What do you want, Jo?"

"Can't a sister call her brother for no reason?"

"No, no, you can't. You're not that type. You never call unless it's an emergency. So, what do you want? I have somewhat of a potential disaster on my hands here."

"You mean your juicy, going-no-where little crush?" She giggled. "Mum wants my help with the wedding plans, and she's coming over with a tea-cake."

"Oh, shit, not the tea-cake?" Chad mocked.

"I'm serious, Chad. This means she's not planning to leave soon," Jo grumbled. "You know what that means."

"Yay, you get to spend an entire day with her?"

"Exactly! So I need you here," she demanded. "It's about you-know-what and if she finds out, she'll chew me alive and spit me out."

"No." Chad shook his head, not that Jo could see. He scrambled to his chair when he heard June coming downstairs, pretending he was busy writing and the phone call was disturbing him.

"Or shall I come over?" Jo threatened. Chad could hear the glee in her voice. Jo would do it too, barge in here all innocent and blurt to June what a nincompoop Chad was and that she should forgive him for last night. "Ask June about last night?"

Chad eyed the shadow underneath the door as June lingered there for a moment, perhaps even with her hand poised to knock. He could picture it, her soft hand hesitating inches from the door.

"Chad?"

"Shhh." He cupped the phone tighter and whispered, "She's standing outside the door. What does that mean?"

"Maybe she remembers exactly what you did last night, and now doesn't know how to face you, or ask you questions," Jo teased. "Or, it could mean she wants to say hi, you idiot."

Chad let out a staggering sigh. "Fine. I'll be there in an hour."

"Not trying to avoid the poor woman, are you?"

"Not at all." He cleared his throat loudly, resuming the conversation louder than his usual volume. "I'll be there in an hour, Jo, to help you and mum with the wedding plans."

"I don't think she heard you!" Jo hollered. "Maybe a little louder next time."

"I hope she did." He eyed the shadow move away from the door. "I gotta go, bye."

He straightened, slicked his hair down, and quickly spied himself using the laptop screen as a mirror. He looked okay, barely a hint of hysteria lingering below the surface. It was his usual state, or close to it, and with a steadying breath, he strutted out the door, half expecting to bump into June as he did, but she was nowhere. "June?"

"Yeah?" She popped up like a spring-loaded clown from behind the counter, scaring the life out of him.

"Ah!" he let out a slight squeal that negated any 'manliness' he might have been going for. "What are you doing down there?"

"Do you remember that box of coco-puffs we bought a while back? I am so hungry and that's all I can think of eating right now."

Chad watched her as she dived back down, rummaging through the cupboards. He leaned over the counter to spy her head. "How are you feeling?"

"Fine. Why?" She looked up, her beautiful brown eyes bigger and more beautiful than he remembered.

"Nothing." He shrugged, easing back, "Wondering, is all."



"I came home drunk, didn't' I?" She smiled adorably, finally locating the said cereal box. "Would you like some?" she asked, fetching herself a bowl.

"Sure, why not? I could do with breakfast even though it's lunchtime."

As Chad sat down on a stool, he asked, "How's your head?"

"Oh my God, I came home hammered, didn't I?" She laughed a breathy laugh as she slid a bowl towards him and got herself another one.

He shrugged, busying himself with the new box while she got the milk. So far, she seemed to have no recollection of the events that involved him. Her lace underwear, the shower, and the nakedness...

"Chad?"

"Yeah?"

She observed him. "Did I do something stupid?"

What? His head snapped up to see an utterly mortified June, wide-eyed and wild, staring at him. Studying him. He shook his head, but perhaps a little too late. "No. Of course, not. You threw up, and I helped you. That's it. That's all that happened. I saw nothing."

What? 'Bloody hell, Chad.' Jo's voice barged in loud. ' Way to go at being subtle.'

'Bloody hell, Chad.' Way to go at being subtle.' June's mouth fell open, and her hand flew to cover it. Her eyes grew wider still if that was possible. Worst of all, she stepped back, physically, away from him as if repulsed. The milk bottle she'd brought out of the fridge flew in slow-motion, towards the ground, and splattered.

And all Chad Gilligan could do was watch that bottle hit the floor and a fountain of milk douse her and the tiles in it.

That's all he could watch. Not her face. Not her horrified, repulsed face.

But that bottle.

That's what he focused on.

"Oh, my God!" she finally muttered after what felt like years.

Chad slid off the stool slowly so as not to alarm her further. "I was only helping. I swear nothing happened." He could see her struggling to breathe, trying to calm down.

"You passed out on the toilet," he automatically began, though every bit of him, every pore was screaming for him to stop before he did any more damage. But her hurt face was all he could think about. He needed to help her, even if it meant she'd never look at him the same way. Every pore screamed. He didn't even need Terry or Jo's help to know he should stop talking, but he couldn't help himself.

"You'd thrown up all over your dress, and I helped get you to the bathroom to get you cleaned up," he attempted as she paced. "I only put you in the shower, I swear. I didn't look."

"Stop. Chad, please stop!" She rushed past him, embarrassed. Up the stairs within moments, coco-puffs and the river of milk forgotten.

"I'm sorry!" he screamed after her, but the damage was done. He had officially made things awkward. Nice one, Chad. Nice one. This time, to his surprise, the voice belonged to Zachary Eve, or at least that's what he imagined Zach would sound if he were an actual person.

Nice one, Chad. Nice one. "Shut up!" Chad spat, staring at the stairs, intently listening for movements. He must have stood there for a good half hour, waiting for her to come down, or yell at him at least. But she didn't. Instead, Jo's message beeped on his phone.

Jo: I told her about you-know-what and she's losing her shit! Where the hell are you?

I told her about you-know-what and she's losing her shit! Where the hell are you? He messaged back: What did you tell her?

What did you tell her? Jo: What do you think?

What do you think? Chad: Baby?

Baby? Jo: Yeah, genius. So get your skinny ass here before she hyperventilates to death! NOW.

Yeah, genius. So get your skinny ass here before she hyperventilates to death! NOW. Chad: Okay. I'll be there in half. Besides, June probably needs space from me right now.

I'll be there in half. Besides, June probably needs space from me right now. Jo: You told her?

You told her? Chad: Didn't mean to.

Didn't mean to. A moment later, Jo replied: Of course, you didn't, Chad. You never mean to, but always do.

Of course, you didn't, Chad. You never mean to, but always do. "STFU!" he fired back, dragging himself to clean the floor and then head upstairs, into his room, to change. When he was trying to find his favourite sweater to wear, the light blue merino wool pullover, Jo replied.

Jo: What the hell is STFU? When did you become a teeny-bopper?

What the hell is STFU? When did you become a teeny-bopper? Chad gave up looking for his sweater and grabbed the next warm thing and headed off, messaging back a reply. "It starts with Shut the... and you fill in the blanks. Bye."

He waited a moment by the front door, still longing to catch June before he left. He was going into a danger zone. Who knew how long he'd be away for, but alas, he closed the door and walked away, wondering how he could put things right.

♡





Someone wriggled out from under Chad's bed once the front door closed, and she was wearing the very sweater he'd been looking for.

The petite blonde woman wore nothing but the sweater. She hummed quietly to herself, hugging her own body, and dancing with her invisible partner. A sly smile on her lips as she murmured, "You haven't changed one bit, honey. Not a bit."

Cassie twirled around in Chad's bedroom, fleeting from one place to the next like a bee, floating in her own ecstasy. She smelled his clothes and touched his belongings, sprayed his perfume on her body and slide into bed, taking up all his smell. "I have missed you so, so much."





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





(Image by PublicDomainPictures on Pixabay)

PublicDomainPictures





19. A Long lost Wife


Late afternoon, when she could no longer stand the hunger, June made her way down, thinking she was home by herself. Thank God. Facing Chad with the knowledge about the night wasn't something she was ready to deal with yet.

When she went about getting herself an instant cup noodle from the cupboard in the laundry, she heard a woman humming in Chad's office.

June opened the door, thinking Chad had left the radio on or something. Instead, she spotted a tiny woman sitting in his chair, her ballerina feet up on the table, her pixie blonde hair visible over the rim of the journal she was reading. The same journal Chad wrote in often and guarded with his life when she was around.

"Who are you?" she asked, unable to help herself. She'd never seen this woman before, and it was a fair question. What the hell was this woman doing in Chad's writing space, reading his current work as if she owned the place, more or less?

The woman calmly looked up from the journal and smiled. "Hi, I'm Zach's wife, and you are?" she asked, getting up from the chair with the most inquisitive look on her face, scanning June from head to her toes like one looks on at a piece of art, or a fly they are considering the fate of.

Who is Zach? June wondered before it occurred to her that Zachary Eve was what the woman meant. "You're his wife?" she asked suspiciously, trying to spot a wedding ring on the woman's tiny fingers. She knew for sure Chad didn't have one, never did, not even the hint of a band with a pale ring around his skin.

Who is Zach? The woman nodded cheerfully. "I get that a lot." She laughed, approaching June in one of Chad's regular sweater, the light blue one that helped bring out his playful eyes. June didn't like it on the woman, not one bit. "I don't stay with him very much because my work requires me to travel a lot. It's a more long-distance relationship nowadays, honestly. Sometimes I think he forgets he's married. But whenever I'm in town, we try to rekindle things. You know how it is?"

June wasn't sure how to react to the half-naked woman in Chad's office, claiming him for her own. It wasn't the first time she'd bumped into one of Chad's lady friends, and it may not be the last either, she thought ruefully. What did she know about how rich-and-famous lived? Nada. Nothing. Maybe this was normal, their normal.

lady friends, "Well, he's not home," she blurted, hearing her stomach grumble from the almost forgotten hunger. She headed back to the kitchen, not really wanting to deal with Chad's drama.

Cassie followed behind. "And you are?"

June popped the cup of noodles into the microwave and turned in on. "June. I'm a flatmate," the word tastes like chalk on her tongue.

"You'll kill yourself that way." Cassie walked around and turned the microwave off to June's surprise. "Why don't you sit down and I'll whip up something more edible for the two of us and we can get to know each other a bit."

June obliged. She wasn't about to pass up a cooked meal, even if the woman was slightly odd and way too friendly. "Sure, what do you want to talk about?"

Cassie smiled as she easily found her way around the kitchen. Her familiarity with it was wonderful to watch a master in her domain. Maybe the woman was right, Chad was married, and he pretended to live as a bachelor when she wasn't around.

"What do you do for work?" June asked in awe.

"I'm a chef, or I used to be. Now I help failing restaurants refit and redesign their kitchens, so they are more in line with current trends." She held up an onion towards June. "You're not allergic to anything, are you?"

June shook her head, "I don't think so, except lactose, maybe. I love milk, but I can't drink too much of it."

"Good." She brought out the chopping boards and knives and expertly set about peeling and chopping vegetables she'd been able to find in the fridge. "Get looked at. Lactose intolerance is common with your people—except maybe the Mongolians. I'm sorry. I'm assuming you're Asian." She waved at June's eyes, which were Asian, given the fact that she was half-Asian.



"Ah, my dad is—was, Japanese." She cleared her throat, fighting the lump that was threatening to clamp it. She forced a tight-lipped smile.

"You have beautiful features," Cassie said, returning June's tight-lipped smile with one of her own, deftly chopping the ingredients. She eyed the younger woman from the corner of her eyes every so often, as subtly as she could. "So, where did Chad find you, June?"

"I'm sorry, find me?" June glared in shock. Had Chad told her the one thing she never wanted another soul to find out, that she was homeless, and he'd brought home one day out of pity?

"How did you two meet? I mean, not that I'd put it past Zach to find another lady friend when I'm not here. We're open like that."

June frantically shook her head. "Oh no, no, it's nothing like that. He and I are friends, just friends. In fact, I'm dating someone else and I haven't told him yet," which was an utter lie, but the woman didn't know that.

Cassie considered June for a moment. "So you've never slept with him?" she asked, casually brandishing the knife as if it was an extension of her hand. "Not once? You live with Zach in the same house, and still nothing?"

June shook her head, slightly terrified that a photo of her would splash the week's Sydney Morning Herald as the tragic tale of a lover's triangle gone wrong: Beautiful but deranged wife of the famous romance author, Zachary Eve, mistakenly kills his ward in a fit of rage and jealousy.

Beautiful but deranged wife of the famous romance author, Zachary Eve, mistakenly kills his ward in a fit of rage and jealousy. She stood from the chair slowly as she spoke. "No. I respect Chad... Zach, and I'm not that kind of girl, honestly. Why did he say something?"

Cassie burst out laughing as the colour from June's face drained. "Relax, hun. I'm teasing you. If you were sleeping with my husband, I think I would know."

She returned to chopping and soon was whisking eggs into a bowl. "So? How did you meet him?"

"Well," June began, a little shaken, but sat back down on the stool. "Chad was friends with my parents it seems and when they passed away last year, he took me in, because I have no other family here."

"Here?"

"I wasn't born in Australia, we came here when I was five or six, I think." June smiled at the memory of her parents. She missed them a lot, but this was the first time she felt comfortable enough to talk about them without wanting to punch a wall. "Chad didn't tell you about me? Staying with him?" She eyed the woman curiously.

Cassie shrugged it off with a dismissive laugh. "You'd think we are married just in my head. Fame's done something to him. We're more strangers these days than lovers."

June nodded, watching the woman toss a perfect omelette on the frying pan. As the folded eggy goodness flew in the air and landed on the pan, her stomach grumbled loudly. It made Cassie laugh.

Cassie dropped the omelette on a large plate between them and passed June a fork from the drawer. She started digging into the other half herself. "He'd mentioned in passing that he had company at home. I never thought to ask who." She viciously cut a piece of omelette and shoved it in her mouth. The action made the small hairs on the back of June's neck stand up, but she chalked it up to the sound of the fork against the china.

She'd probably feel the same way the woman was feeling if Chad had been her husband, and had been hiding things from her, things like, a strange woman living with him, claiming to be his flatmate, and only his flatmate.

"Sorry, I didn't even catch your name." June sheepishly bit into her first piece and moaned. "Oh my God, this is so good."

Cassie smiled in satisfaction and watched June eat another bite. "I'm Cassie. It's actually Cassandra, but Za... Chad hated it, so Cassie it is."

"How did you two meet?" June asked, ignoring the vibrating phone in her pocket. It was probably Ben, the guy she suddenly decided would be the fall guy if dating would be a topic again.

"It's a long story."

"I have time."

Cassie smiled, ear to ear. "Sure, let's grab one of Chad's finest wines and have ourselves a girl talk on the couch. I haven't had one in a long while and I believe I need one."

"Sounds great." June dug into another bite of food, too lost in its deliciousness to see Cassie's frosty look. As if June was a mere bug, she wanted to squash.

"Great!"

♡

On the couch, drinking one of Chad's vintage wines, Cassie began. "It was almost ten years ago. I was standing in line to grab an autograph—one of his earlier novels. Back then he was just starting to get big. Anyway, there I was, holding a copy of his, Her Charming Man , when I laid eyes on him, and I was a goner. You know, the whole love at first sight kind of thing." And so Cassie relayed their romance to June until they polished the wine, the dirty dishes lay in the sink and she spied an incoming message on June's phone as it sat on the coffee table. A message from Chad saying he was heading back and asked if June wanted him to bring anything?

Her Charming Man "Oh, gosh, look at the time." Cassie stood up, eager to leave. She rushed around grabbing her belongings from the bedroom or the study and stuffed it into a duffel bag. She even gave June a quick peck on the cheeks goodbye.

"You're going?"

"I can't wait any longer for him to get home or I'll miss my flight back. I have a huge settlement tomorrow morning that I must get back tonight." She reached for the door. "Since it was my day off, I thought I would surprise him today, but unfortunately he never made it back in time. My flight leaves in a couple of hours."

"He'll be here soon though," June offered, looking at the message on her phone.

Cassie beamed up at June. "You're sweet, my friend, but this is how our life is. Why do you think he writes all those romances?" she asked teasingly as she stepped out the door. "Because we don't get enough time together. Ciao Bella, see you next time."

June nodded and waved goodbye as the woman got into her small Echo and drove off into the night. "Rich people!" she muttered, closing the door, baffled, but not entirely surprised. "And here I thought he was semi-normal." She made her way up to her room, talking to herself. "And he's married? What the hell?"

June collapsed onto her bed, exhausted and very much over her embarrassment. She was staring at the ceiling, at the shadows dancing on it, when Chad pulled into the driveway.

"I need to move out," she rambled. The thought had been bugging her since she met the wife. The man had a wife! And to think, hours earlier, she hadn't known how to feel. Happy that he'd 'seen' her last night and still respected her enough not to do anything she'd regret in the morning? Or sad that he had and yet they'd ended up where they'd always been, friends and in separate rooms?

"June?" came a soft knock on her door. "Can we talk about this morning?" Chad stood outside the door. She, however, couldn't bring herself to invite the man in. He was married. It changed things, a lot of things, and pointedly how she was not to feel about him.

She remained quiet and waited until she could hear his footsteps retreat. "Damn you, Chad Gilligan!" she whimpered into her pillow, a drop of tear gliding down her cheeks. "Why do you have to be married too?"

That night, after many months, she cried herself to sleep over another man who'd stolen her heart, and he too was married.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by StockSnap on Pixabay)

StockSnap





20. Duck, Duck, Goose


"Could we talk about yesterday?" Chad asked from the doorway. He had meant to go downstairs and start a pot of coffee. He'd barely slept and needed every ounce of caffeine to function, but when he saw June's door open on his way down, he'd wondered if she was in a better mood to talk. Hopeful, he had stood at her threshold, and knocked before peering in.

June turned around as she finished buttoning up her work shirt. Her hair in a slick ponytail hung high on her head. Her face had just enough makeup to seem natural. Her pencil skirt hugged her hips and bottom perfectly.

"I have to go to work, Chad," she said with a hint of regret and rushed around packing her things into her handbag. "I start in half an hour."

Chad bit his bottom lip, a little hurt. "Look. I was only helping you the other day. I am so sorry. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." He took a step into the room tentatively. "If there is anything I can do to make this easier for you?"

"No. It's not that, Chad. I'm fine." She headed for the door, avoiding his gaze, but that didn't stop him from catching sight of her red eyes.

"You okay?"

"Yeah. I'm fine. I have to go now." She tried to slip past him, only to have him block her path.

He tried to meet her gaze, which she kept averting. "Look at me," he pleaded. "I need you to look at me, June."

Her blood-shot eyes darted up to meet his curious ones. Something raw and torn peaked from them. "You've been crying?" he asked, shocked.

"No."

"Jesus, June. I'm not a pervert. You need not avoid me or cry about," he fired, officially offended. "I'm not a creep, thank you very much! I thought you knew that by now."

"Ha!" She pushed him away or at least tried. Her hands pressed against his chest, half-expecting him to shuffle back from the force, but he held like a tree. "Rich, coming from a married man who couldn't tell me his wife likes to pop in whenever she's in town."

She pushed him again, fueled by anger. He budged, but only a little and voluntarily took a step back from her. The gap was sizeable enough to allow her to get past him once more. He thwarted her effort to get away again and grabbed her by the arm to face him. "What? What do you want now?" she yelled, attempting to pull away from his touch as if repelled by him.

Chad let her go. "What wife?" he asked in a hush. A part of him, the part familiar with bad news tingled, twisting and screaming at him , she's back. The effing lunatic is back. But another part of him desperately wanted to hear otherwise.

, she's back. The effing lunatic is back. "Cassie!" June snapped furiously, only to see unmitigated horror wash over his face at the name. "Guess you hadn't counted on me meeting her?" she snorted bitterly.

"I'm not married, June. Never have been. We've gone over this, remember?"

"Likely story now that I know the truth." She made her way towards the stairs, pushing him aside. "How long were you going to pretend to be single? Till I slept with you? Is that it?"

Chad, rooted to his spot, glared at her in rage. "June, listen carefully to what I'm about to say," he began, his voice trembling with anger he was keeping under wraps. She wasn't the one he was livid at. "Do I look like I'm married?"

June shrugged, one leg hovering over the steps, ready to march off. "How would I know? I'm just some stupid girl you met a few months ago."

"Look around. Did the house ever look like a woman lived here with me? Do you see any wedding photos on the walls? Or couples photos? Me with another woman, this Cassie ?" he spat the name indignantly. "Does my room look like I share it with anyone, let alone a woman?"

Cassie

June shrugged again, triggering Chad into action. He marched forward, took her wrist, and despite copious wriggling and forced her, the most stubborn woman he'd ever met, into his room for the first time, despite the messy bed that would have usually embarrassed him.

Once inside, he let her go as quickly and stepped away so as not to intimidate her. "Please, have a look. I won't bite," he mumbled, hurt, yet still angry.

♡

June, despite the shock and surprise she felt at his aggression, couldn't help herself. She glanced around the room, tremendous guilt slamming on her like a tsunami. His room was neat, barren almost, very much Chad in a reserved, subdued way. Not at all like Cassie, bubbly, inquisitive. She watched Chad march forward and slide the door to his closet open to further appease her curiosity. There was nothing feminine there.

Speechless, she was about to apologise when she spotted a flamboyantly pink G-string peeking out from under his duvet and turned to him with a scoff. "What's that then?" She moved across the room and pulled the duvet further. She really had to get to work, and this was none of her business, anyway.

She squared off and faced him. "Look, I don't even care if you're married. It's none of my business. I just wish you hadn't needed to hide it from me." She headed for the door. "Anyway, I have to go. I'll see you later."

She glanced back at Chad once more before leaving, in time to catch him caressing the light blue sweater Cassie had worn the day before, now hanging in his cupboard. He even took a sniff. She shook her head in disbelief. No wife, my ass!

No wife, my ass! June took it as a sign he missed his 'wife'. And before Chad could make more excuses, she was out his door and heading downstairs. Bitter that she had played with the idea that they had something, something she wanted to explore if he was keen.

The moment she reached the ground floor, that delusion died.

"June, wait. Did you say you met her yesterday? And was she wearing this?" he yelled behind her.

She glared up at him as he held the sweater out over the railing. "Yeah, so?"

"I have to call the police," Chad declared categorically, disappearing from view.

"Way to be dramatic, Chad. I have to call the police? Call the police for what? That you can't deal with being called a liar?" she ranted under her breath, heading for the front door.

I have to call the police? "Where are you going?" he asked, scrambling downstairs, hot on her heels. His phone propped against his ear. He held her back by her arm, gentle despite the desperation on his face.

"Triple zero. What's your emergency? Police, Fire, or Ambulance?" She heard the operator's voice float out of the phone and curiosity made her stop fleeing. Chad was actually calling the Police.

actually "Police," Chad chirped down the phone, his eyes imploring her to stop walking away.

"I have work, Chad. I have to go!" she grumbled, half-heartedly. "I'm gonna be late."

Chad covered the phone. "You can't go. The police will want to talk to you. Either do it here, or they come to the café?"

"Why would they want to talk to me for?" she asked. Something in his voice told her he was being dead serious about this. "What's going on?"

"Sir, are you there?"

"Oh, yes, I'm here." Chad shuffled between the phone and June. "I've had a break-in, in my house and it's someone I have a restraining order against," he quickly muttered into the phone while June looked on, bewildered.



"You're starting to scare me, Chad." She dropped her handbag by the door.

Chad shook his head. There was no time for that. "Answer the question. Where did you see her yesterday? And how do you know it was Cassie?"

"She was in your study," June uttered, confused. "She was in your chair reading that journal you write in. She was whistling or humming. That's how I knew someone was in there. I thought it was a radio you'd left on or something when I walked in there."

Chad relayed the information to the operator, and after several minutes of conversation that seemed like code talk, he hung up and June glared at him in utter disbelief.

"So you're not married?"

He shook his head, a chuckle escaping him. "No, I'm not, never have been. I came close once, if that counts." He slipped his phone in his pocket and stood, waiting for her to say something.

June sat down on the couch and peered up at him. "So who was she then?" She felt panic grip her. She'd spent half the day with some random woman thinking she was Chad's wife and been jealous the whole time. Even when things like the constant reference to Chad as Zach, made little sense.

"I ate the food she made. We even sat around drinking wine like girlfriends while she waited for you to come home. But then she left suddenly before you got here."

She launched at Chad, grabbing his collar in desperation. "Who was she, Chad? How did she know so much about you or this house? I mean, she knew exactly where everything was, in the kitchen, in the laundry. Even your room. She was wearing your sweater, for God's sake!"

"She's a stalker, June. She's been stalking me for years," Chad answered, sitting her back down on the couch. "A few years ago, she came to one of my book signings. At first, it was normal fan stuff, you know? Things we had in common, how much she loved my books, how much she thought she could relate, so on. And then it became more frequent." He sat beside her, shoulders slouched, looking relieved that she wasn't rushing away anymore.

"She was present at almost every signing I had, every event I attended. Since she was a regular, we got talking about our lives, personal stuff."

She watched him, unable to stay seated anymore, get up and pace by the windows, glancing out now and then. "We became friends and eventually, one night, it turned into something it shouldn't have. I was in a foreign place feeling lonely and she was there. I was also drunk. After that, I came home and went about my life. She started calling me, on my landline, or my mobile. I don't even know how she got hold of those as I'm not listed anywhere for obvious reasons."

"Eventually, I started noticing things in the house moving around whenever I had gone on tours or just out. Minor things at first, then more and more. One time I was gone for weeks on a book tour overseas and, when I came back, I found photos of us as a couple. All photo-shopped, and brilliantly might I add. People probably would have believed they were real if it wasn't for my family or the fact that there was never an official marriage registered. Otherwise, Cassie had everything, our 'wedding' photos, fake certificate... She'd even moved some of her stuff in. When they finally caught her in the act, she had a wedding ring on her finger with a date engraved on it." He turned to her finally, letting go of the curtain.

June stared at him, horrified. It all sounded so crazy. Too crazy, and yet, there was nothing she could say or do, but listen.

"I moved after that. Went incognito. I stopped doing signings for a long while, preferring to send out signed books instead. This house is not even under my real name or my pen name. It's under my mum's maiden name, for reasons you now know."

He sat opposite her on the coffee table, barely meeting her gaze. "That night, the night she was arrested, I had just gotten back from a trip. I had no idea she was in the house. I had arrived late in the night and went straight to bed. I was so tired I didn't even notice a naked woman was sleeping in my bed."

June cupped her mouth in shock, hanging off every word. "She was in your bed?"

"Naked." He nodded.

"Then what happened?" she finally breathed, rapt, as her phone went off. It was the café. She shot up at once. "Shit. I'm late and I didn't even call in." She answered the phone, desperate to go back to his story.

"Sorry, Ben, I completely forgot to call you. I'll be a couple of hours. Something happened at the house and Chad and I are waiting for the cops to show up," she blurted all in a breath.

"You okay?" Ben asked with concern as a knock landed on their front door.

"Yeah, we had a break-in last night. They just got here. I'll call you in a bit if I'm gonna be later than an hour, okay?"

Before she could ask Chad anything else, he was opening the door for the men in uniform. She took a deep breath in, ready for their onslaught of questions.

"This is June," Chad said as the two policemen stepped into the house. "She's my flatmate. She's the one who discovered the woman in question yesterday."

"June. Do you mind telling us what happened yesterday and leave nothing out." The older of the officers smiled at her and took a seat on the couch.

"Sure." She sighed and settled in, nervously aware of the authority the men carried. Chad seated beside her for moral support, a consoling hand on her shoulder as if that helped. It didn't, not really. It only reminded her of the time, a similar situation, almost a year ago, where two men in a different uniform, covered in ash and shoot had consoled her on the back of an ambulance, at how life as she knew it was gone, scorched along with her parents in a house they'd barely called home.

"I found her in the study, probably around midday, maybe around one..." she began, a tremor in her voice, trying to banish that cold, cold night away from her mind.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Gerd Altmann on Pixabay)

Gerd Altmann





21. Blink and you'll miss it


"You all right?"

"Yeah, why?"

"You seemed a little nervous talking to the cops."

"Wouldn't you be? I mean, a stalker, Chad. You have a fucking stalker, who somehow completely fooled me for half a day, pretending to be your wife." June dropped on the couch with all the weight of his world. "Now what happens?"

"Now, I need your help." He stood across from her, memorizing every detail of her terrified face for the future. He never wanted to see that expression on her face again, so he had to remember it, part fear, part astonishment, and part disgust. Which of those feelings were targeting him, he had no idea, but none were suitable options. "Last time this happened, there were several sensitive and personal items missing from the house, things that should never leave this house."

He held out a hand. "Help me comb the house. See if anything that shouldn't have left did." He couldn't look at her, still embarrassed by the whole thing. He concentrated on his hand instead, wondering how her hand would feel in his. Would she take it? He hoped she would take it. It was a simple way to hide his wants, and he wanted nothing more than to feel her hand safe in his. Like he could do this, protect her if it came to that.

"Chad? You coming?" She startled him, already waiting by the foot of the stairs. She hadn't taken his hand.

"Why didn't you?" he started but abruptly stopped. This wasn't him. This petty guy, all because she didn't need his help to get off the couch. He was off his game because of Cassie, if he'd ever had one.

"Why didn't I what?"

"Never mind, you're already late to work because of me. You have better things to do than play paranoid-Chad alongside me." He brushed it off, deftly shoving his hands in his pocket before she could catch on.

"You helped me out when I needed it. It's my turn now," she said with a smile. "Besides, I messaged Ben saying already to say I might be a couple of hours, so I have a bit of time before I need to go. Now come on, we can start from the top down."

Chad nodded and followed her up the stairs, a little dazed yet glad June was no longer uncomfortable around him after the naked fiasco.

♡

An hour into the search, when nothing seemed missing from his room, June suggested they get some wine before tackling the rest. She bounded downstairs merrily when her bedroom caught his attention.

"We should check your room too."

"Why would she take anything from my room?"

Chad hovered on top of the stairs, unable to shake the feeling that something was amiss there.

"Go on then, check." Her smile bordered on playful.

"Me?" Chad shook his head. No way. Not after his recent error in judgments.

She ran back, laughing. "I'm only checking so you stop freaking out."

She threw open the door, gave the room a quick glance and nodded. "Bed, mattress, tallboy, photo frame, and laptop. Check, check, check." She turned around with an exaggerated sigh. "Everything accounted for. Happy?"

Chad glanced at her room over her shoulder. Everything looked as it always did, sparse and very 'June', neat yet with a touch of abandon. Her pyjama lay on the edge of the bed, hanging onto dear life where she must have thrown it this morning.

"Shall we continue on, Mr Gilligan?" She threw out a crooked arm for him, ready to escort him away. Chad looked at it uncertainly.

"Oh, stop being so proper. You've practically seen me butt-naked." She grabbed his hand and ploughed ahead, dragging him behind her all the way down. "Wine and dine me before we begin again though. I am starving."





June spooned the last bit of her nasi goreng they'd ordered the Thai place. She took the last gulps of wine from her glass and burped, unable to help herself. She burst out laughing upon seeing Chad's slightly put-off face. "I'm sorry."

Chad shook his head, surprised she ever finished her food. He was struggling to finish his green curry and rice.

"Can't believe we're drunk and stuffed, and it's not even one. Not sure if I'm glad I swapped my shift for the afternoon or if I'm sorry." She dabbed at her mouth with a serviette and glanced at her phone for the first time since she'd put it on silence.

That was when she noticed it was no longer one in the afternoon, and nor was Ben waiting for her to show up to work today. There were many missed calls and messages from him, twelve it seemed, and the last one implied, 'I got you covered today, but next time, let me know when you're not showing up'.

'I got you covered today, but next time, let me know when you're not showing up'. "Shit!" She jumped up to her feet and paced a small circle. "Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit."

"What is it?" Chad asked mid-chew.

"It's three. How is it already three?" She shook her head. "I was supposed to start work at two, and Ben's pissed. I completely forgot to check the time."

"You've had a stressful morning, and we got side-tracked. My fault, really." He set aside his food. He couldn't eat anymore or he'd literally explode. "Call him now."

"And say what?" She glared at him. "Sorry I put my phone on silent when I was talking to the cops and I completely forgot to turn it back on. He's replaced me already today. What if he fires me? I mean, I'm only new." She eyed the messages on her phone, growing grimmer by the moment, "And apparently full of drama."

Chad pushed off the sofa, rolling his eyes as he did so, and hoped she wasn't paying him any attention. "He wants to fire you?" he scoffed, grabbing their glasses from the coffee table, and growling at the unwelcomed image flashing through his mind. One where Ben smiled at him with his perfect white teeth, glinting as if in a toothpaste ad before pulling June into what could only be described as a disgusting round of tongue-of-war.

Chad shook the image away and headed for the kitchen.

"Chad!" June followed him like a puppy.

"What?"

"I said how would you know?" She thrust her phone at him, showing him the messages. "See... he pretty much says I've been replaced. He's so firing me!"

Chad read the last of the message and nearly roll his eyes again, but couldn't, because this time, she was staring at his face. "Did you even read it properly? He is not firing you. He wants you to warn him next time if you're not showing up or running late. The key here, being the words 'next time'. So, don't be late next time, or let him know. Simple."

He turned away, feeling slightly nauseous. He was defending a man who was his main competition, and instead of driving a wedge between the two, he was practically pushing her into Ben's sexy arms. Blah! He could vomit only if he didn't hate the vile idea.

Blah! June re-read the message. "Really?"

Chad uncorked a fresh bottle of wine with a snort. "The man wants to bone you hard, and you're telling me you have no idea?" he mumbled, feeling like a jerk the moment those words escaped his lips. See, it was the reason he drank in moderation, but today wasn't a moderation day, was it? He poured a bit into his glass and downed it immediately to wash the sour taste of defeat from his mouth.

"What are you talking about?" She chuckled, uneasily.

He ignored the question and poured their wines out and handed her glass back. "Call him and tell him the cops just left and you are very sorry you weren't able to call earlier and thank him for covering you and for being so understanding. Men like him like that sort of thing."



He brushed past her as casually as he could manage with his wine and headed for the office. The near-empty bottle grasped in his other hand.

"That's a brilliant idea. I'm gonna call him right now." She rushed back out to the lounge to place her call.

"Yay!" He raised a mock toast as he disappeared into his sanctuary, "Go Chad, you stupid, stupid Chad."

A moment later, she waltzed into the room squealing like a piglet and rushed over to hug him. "I'm not fired! I'm not fired. In fact, I have four shifts next week to make up for the shit show today!" She gave him one more squeeze before letting go, and asked, "Where's my wine?"

Chad pointed to the kitchen with the hand that held the glass, accidentally launching the red liquid at her. It splashed her face and her chest, staining her white blouse red. "I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry."

She stared down at her blouse with a giggle. "It's okay. I'll soak this little baby. The stain will come right out, trust me." She reached up on her tiptoes and placed a kiss on his cheek before heading off.

"What was that for?" he muttered, touching the spot where she'd kissed

"For saving my job with your brilliant idea. He totally bought the whole cop thing and even apologized for sounding so harsh on the messages." She stopped by the door to glance back at him with a wink. She couldn't contain her smile and skipped out of sight. "I'll be right back."

"Take your time," Chad muttered under his breath. Fuck. Fuck . He stared at the apparent bulge in his pants and breathed hard. "Not this now." He was glad he'd accidentally spilled wine on her now. It meant she wasn't around to see him embarrass himself again.

Fuck. Fuck He went to refill his empty wine glass but thought, fuck it , and chugged the rest straight from the neck. Though wine wasn't to be chugged, he still downed a good quarter bottle as if his life and reputation depended on it. He needed to relax all parts of his body before June came down to help him. He stared at the bottle when it ran dry.

fuck it help "Alcohol is a suppressor, right?"

"And what are you trying to suppress?" She appeared by the door, changed out of her work clothes and into something that did not help his cause. The white tank top hugged her body so well he was a little jealous of it himself. And those damn denim shorts revealed her long sexy legs, making it hard for him to hide his arousal. He slouched immediately, trying to hide it.

"The crippling feeling that I am about to embarrass myself." He rushed passed her, bumping into her shoulder despite trying to flank her.

"Embarrass yourself, how?" she called out as he ducked into the laundry.

Chad threw the bottle in the sink and leaned over, breathing in deep, trying to calm down. "Picture someone else, anybody else, maybe Terry." He chuckled, trying to imagine Terry's head on June's body, but the thought of her body morphed his chuckle into a squeak. This was not helping his little buddy.

"You okay?"

He jumped and caught a quick glance of June by the doorway, watching him. He crouched down in front of the wine cooler and stared at the abyss, hoping she would disappear out of sight till he sorted himself, or at the very least stay where she was, at arm's length. He was far too lubricated on wine and entirely too turned on to conduct himself appropriately.

He forced himself to focus on the wine, to not glance at her legs now and then, drawn. "I was just thinking if we find nothing missing, then I would have wasted your entire day and almost gotten you fired over nothing."

He flashed a strangled smile, hoping it did not give away his struggle before he turned back to the wine cooler. "Why don't you start in the office, and I'll pick another bottle and try not to pour it on you this time?" Though the image of splashing something on her white T-shirt to wet, it did not help him any either.



"Okay." She faded away and out of sight.

Chad sighed and dropped to the floor, his head in his hands, his eyes glued to the front of his pants. "Get it together mate, or you will do something stupid, and this time, even Cassie won't be able to distract her."

"Oh cool. You have a record player?" June called from the other room.

He leaned his head back on the washing machine and closed his eyes, still low-key, attempting to wipe her face and body from his mind. "Pick something out."

"Oh, I'm so going to." She proclaimed fiercely. The sound of her voice, excited, made him want to rush over and kiss her evermore. This was so not the time to be aroused.

A moment later, Bee Gees Greatest Hits played, helping him douse his little problem somewhat.

"You coming?" she called out. "'Cause I wouldn't know what's missing in here even if I tried."

"Yeah, I'll be another minute." He pushed up on his feet and made sure he wasn't showing anymore. He escaped into the powder room to sort himself out.

"Don't forget the wine!"

"Right," he yelled back, relieving himself of the tension that had built. Later, he grabbed the first bottle he could reach and strode into his office. He still had to make sure Cassie had taken nothing of value. Somehow that woman had a knack for picking things that meant something to him. Last time, it had been a photo of an old flame, one before Setal, another one he had sadly thought was the 'one'. Until he found her been cheating on him with the neighbour across the hall.

♡

While Chad busied himself checking the desk, June went about perusing his extensive record collection. She pulled out an old album from a slip that was so frayed and faded she had to squint to read the song titles. "I can help you, you know, with whatever you're looking for." She eyed him slam drawers in frustration, or throw up papers and bundles to check under them. "What are you looking for, anyway? Is it valuable?"

He dropped on his chair, closed his eyes and rubbed his eyebrows like a tired man. It was his worst nightmare coming true and he couldn't even tell her what it was. His latest book, the one he had been writing, the one she inspired, was gone. He'd been making substantial progress too. Terry would definitely kill him this time around, or worse, drop him. The thought alone gave him anxiety. Writing was all he was good at, it was all he had, and he didn't want to risk losing it.

A pair of cool hands grabbed his temples and pressed them gently, massaging in small circles. He let out a small moan. June chuckled softly but continued applying slight pressure. "Why don't you tell me what it is you're looking for and I'll help you find it, instead of you stressing out. Or call the cops to report it."

He shook his head.

"Is it sentimental?" She leaned her knees on the edge of the chair between his legs, right in front of him, and his eyes flew open in panic.

"No!" He attempted to push her off, but that would require grabbing her tiny waist. "I mean, it's not a thing, it's the book I was writing." He went to stand before he regretted doing things he shouldn't be doing.

June shook her head and pushed him back down into the chair, her chest in line with his face. Not the best place for them to be right then, when the man was struggling so much already.

Chad shut his eyes and tried to picture Terry again.

"This will help your headache, so let me finish." She continued rubbing his temples. Chad couldn't help himself anymore. He grabbed her hands and tried to peel them away, to escape her touch, which was only burning his skin with desire. With all the things he'd like to do to her but couldn't.

"Stop."

"Okay." She let go of his temples and tried to stand up, but her hands were still in his hold. Her soft gaze studied him inquisitively. "So this book is valuable. You want to tell me about it so I can help you look for it?"

Chad could barely shake his head, caught in the honeyed depths of her eyes. "It's the brown journal I was writing in..." He trailed off, transfixed by her face as she resumed compressing his temples, easing him back into the seat properly.

"What were you writing about?" she coaxed a smile in her voice, and when Chad didn't reply, she peered down at him. He was all but staring at her, transfixed. The look sent butterflies aflutter in her stomach. "What were you writing about?" she asked again in a whisper, inching closer and closer to him. Chad met her halfway, both unable to look away.

Their lips touched, softly at first, like two people, unsure. Then it grew to something more. He could no longer remember his worry. All his focus was on the woman in his arms as his mouth explored hers, as their bodies came crashing together until she was straddling him with those sexy legs he'd longed to touch since she'd donned the damn shorts.

'Your hard on. It's back!' Terry's voice barged into his thoughts and he jumped, dropping June on her bottom to the floor. 'You want me to come back? Replace her head?' Terry continued in jest.

'Your hard on. It's back!' 'You want me to come back? Replace her head?' "No,' he mumbled, flabbergasted at the thought.

June, shocked and sore, rubbed her bottom. "You could have said no, Chad. We are adults."

are He held a hand out for her with a shake of his head. "I'm sorry. I don't want this to be something you feel I forced you into, especially since you are still angry about the shower indecent."

June laughed, slipping her hand in his, and pulled him down to her instead. "We're adults."

"Are you sure? About this? About me?"

She straddled him again with her legs and brought his groin to meet hers. "Are you going to do anything about that?" She grabbed his front and bit his lips. "You're not the only one who's been struggling all day," she whispered, guiding his hands towards her own body, and into it. She let out a shuddering moan as his fingers did her bidding.

Mesmerized and under her control, Chad continued to tease her, feeling himself get harder than he thought possible. June, in between kisses and playful bites, unzipped his pants and began stroking him. Soon enough she let his tip touch her.

"Go deep," she tightened her legs around him and Chad slipped in with a shudder of his own. June arched her back and moaned louder with each thrust. She dug her fingertips into his skin, bringing him closer, tighter. Her body rocked beneath his. Their breaths synced, their rhythm synced and their kisses became fervent, exploring each other, rapt. So rapt that neither noticed the tiny red light of a camera, mounted on the top shelf of one of his bookshelves.

Nor had they noticed a similar device sitting in the corner of his room, or June's room, over the windows.

"Keep going," June moaned.

♡

Meanwhile, Cassie sat in her tiny one-bedroom apartment miles away, seething as she eyed the two naked bodies intertwined with one another on her screen. Her hand scrunching the family photo she'd taken from June's nightstand. Chad's journal sat beside her on the bed, open to a page.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Alexas_Fotos on Pixabay)

Alexas_Fotos





22. Oh Savior of mine


Chad heard a chilling scream from June's room and jolted awake, half hanging out of the bed already. He fumbled out of it double quick despite a solid effort by the covers tangling his legs. Did she wake up and realise what they had done the day before? Was that why she was screaming, at the thought of Chad and her in the study, on the lounge, feeding each other takeout food like a lady and her tramp?

"What? What?" He scrambled into her room with all but his boxers pulled up hastily, and backwards, only to find her hopping on the bed, wrapped in a towel.

"Get it. Get it!" she squealed, pointing at the floor beside her wardrobe, sheer panic in her voice.

"Get what?" He glanced at the area.

"Spider!" she let out, crouching on the bed in anticipation of being saved now that he was there.

'This is your moment, Chad. Show her the hero.' Terry's voice rang in his ear, approving. He really must get in touch with her and break the damn news, that his journal and the story within it, is 'misplaced' when he meant missing.

'This is your moment, Chad. Show her the hero.' "If this spider doesn't kill me, maybe Terry will," he muttered under his breath.

"What?" June piped behind him.

Chad peered around the room for a weapon. One of June's giant medical sciences textbook caught his eye. The spider, wherever it was, wouldn't stand a chance against it. He grabbed the thing, not expecting it to be as heavy as it was.

When he spied the spider, a giant Huntsman, cocooned in the wardrobe's corner and the wall, it was an area he couldn't really throw his weapon. He mumbled once more. "Where's Jo when you need her?"

"Can you get it?" June asked again.

Chad nodded. There was no way he could back out now. He needed to be a 'man' as Terry would put it. He inched his foot out, tapping the floor near the wardrobe, hoping the Huntsman would scramble out into open space. It barely budged.

He bent over and thrust the textbook towards the creature, missing it by miles. He had never been into killing insects. Saving Chad and Marjorie from critters had been Jo's forte. She had a giant set of balls. She'd grab the thing if it were not poisonous and throw it outside. If it were poisonous, she'd trap it in a container and leave the container outside.

"Did you get it?" June half hovered over the edge of the bed.

Chad's head throbbed this early in the morning from all the wine they'd consumed. The thud of the textbook had sent a jolt of nausea up his belly earlier. He was not looking forward to doing it again.

"No, not yet," he managed, retrieving the book from the floor and throwing it towards the creature again. This time the book landed closer, and the Huntsman scrambled into the dark recesses of her wardrobe, an area he didn't want to tread in case the thing jumped him.

"I'm gonna call Jo." He gave up and replaced the book on the table, afraid that any more throws would damage the thing.

"You mean it's still there?" She eyed her wardrobe in terror.

"It's not a poisonous spider, and I'm sorry, I'm not really into smashing things today." He gave the foot of the wardrobe a glance to make sure the spider wasn't coming out before he turned to June. Had he looked up, where the spider had crawled to, near the window, he would have noticed a distinct red pin-prick of light from a camera watching them.

"Jo's good at these things," he muttered, picking June's dress off the floor where she had dropped it in her haste to get away.

June grabbed her garment off him and donned it, nervously eyeing her wardrobe. Chad tried to give her the privacy, but now and then he snuck a glance at her naked body over which the dress slithered, wondering how she'd ever gotten the giant scar on her hip from a burn. He had asked her the night before, but she'd evaded the question, distracting him with more kisses than he could handle. That's when he noticed the empty photo frame on her bedside table behind her, as he eyed her scar again before it disappeared beneath her dress completely.



"What happened to your photo?" He pointed at the empty frame.

"What photo?" She followed his gaze, struggling to zip up her dress at the back. "What the... Where's my photo?" she asked as Chad's cold hands zipped her up.

"You didn't remove it?" he asked suspiciously.

She crept over to the frame and picked it up. "No. It was here yesterday morn..." She trailed off. She couldn't remember the last time she had paid attention to it since she'd placed the frame there. "It's the only thing I have left of them that survived the fire."

Chad approached her cautiously, eyeing the empty frame. "What fire?"

June shook her head and cleared the knot forming in her throat. "My parents... our house... caught fire a year ago." She caressed the glass, trying to imagine the photo exactly as it was. She couldn't. She hadn't studied it since the incident. Looking at her parent's faces broke her heart. Now she regretted it. "They didn't make it, but I..." She dropped on the bed.

An image from last night flashed in Chad's mind, of his hand gently tracing fire-scarred skin. Her skin on her left hip and oblique. He studied her. Every part of her skin was perfect except what hid under the dress. He dropped beside her on the bed. "I thought you said they died in an accident?"

She wiped her nose. "It was an accident." Her lips quivered ever so slightly, "And it was my fault. It's the only photo I have left of them." Tears streamed down her face.

Chad grabbed the photo frame by a corner and slid it out of her grasp. "There might be prints on these," he muttered, embarrassed that instead of comforting her, he worried about contaminating potential evidence.

"You think she took it?" She watched him place the frame back on the side table.

"Is there anything else missing?" He eyed the room.

"Why would she take my photo?" She rose to feet and scanned the room.

They slowly turned on their heels, trying to study every inch of that room. The rolling silence broke only when a hard knock sounded on the front door and they could hear Jo scream.

"Oie, you dipshit! How many times do I have to keep knocking? You deaf now?" Jo yelled from the front yard. "Open the damn door, I gotta pee!"

June glanced out the window and saw Jo's head bobbing up and down as if she were jumping on her feet. "It's your sister."

"Aye, coming!" Chad rushed down, not sure whether he was happy for the interruption or annoyed. The missing photo meant Cassie had her eye on June now, not just him.

Maybe Cassie is bi-sexual? The thought interrupted and Chad couldn't help but imagine the two women intertwined. The image made his stomach turn. "No, no, no, not doing that!" he muttered all the way down the stairs.

Maybe Cassie is bi-sexual? As soon as the lock clicked open, Jo threw open the door, shoved Chad aside and navigated past the furniture towards the toilet. "My bladder's about to burst."

June gawked, standing at the foot of the stairs, as the woman rushed to the loo. "She knows how to make an entrance, I give her that."

Chad stared after the hurricane that was Jo and chuckled. "That she does."

June stared at the laundry door, through which Jo had disappeared. "Are you going to tell her? About what's going on here?" She turned in time to see him nod.

"Jo knows everything about Cassie. She's the only one who knows actually, so please never mention it to mum. Or she'll have a heart attack and make me change my name and undergo plastic surgery."

"She wouldn't!" June laughed at the ridiculousness.

"You have met my mother, right?" Chad arched his brows. "And I kind of like my face the way it is, even if it's not the hottest face out there."

June grabbed his face, turning it left and right. "I don't know... Zachary Eve could probably use a few nips and tuck, but I like your face the way it is too. It's very Chad." She smiled and let go.

He consciously touched his face in worry.

"I'm messing with you." She laughed. "And I won't mention any of this to your mum, promise."

"Mention what to mum?" Jo emerged, relaxed. She stared wide-eyed at the two, a wild grin forming on her face. "You two finally did it, didn't you? That's why it took you so long to open the door."

"What? No." Chad shook his head, despite his cheeks flushing red, making a liar out of him.

"Well, you both have that look on your face, the guilty one. Why? I'm not sure. It's not like it's a surprise to anyone. I mean, the way you two were at the barbecue, it was only a matter of..."

"Jo!" Chad glowered at her to stop.

"Yeah, you're right. It's none of my business." Jo shrugged and leaned in closer to June, whispering, "My brother's a terrible liar. He always has been. Plus, I can tell a hickey a mile away. So, you two are finally doing it?" She jabbed at the side of June's neck where the reddish bruise was visible, thoroughly enjoying herself. "Hope you got a good concealer."

"So what if we did?" Chad barked rather meekly.

Jo shook her head in delight. "Nothing. I'm just happy and wait till mum hears about this? She owes me a hundred bucks!" She guffawed, dropping on the sofa and eyeing the two. "So what's going on here? Why do I feel like I interrupted something?"

"You put a bet on us?" Chad eyed her scandalously.

Jo nodded. "I said you two would get it on before the month was out, mum said it'd be around their wedding, cause it's so ' romantic '," Jo gagged on the word animatedly. "And poor dad couldn't understand why we were hedging bets because he totally bought the girlfriend-boyfriend story and believed you were already ' boinking '." She turned to June with a toothy grin. "I called it the very first time I saw you."

romantic boinking Chad was about to argue the morality of it all when he caught June's face, red as a tomato, and her eyes pleading, Don't you dare, Chad Gilligan, don't you dare, not if you want it again. And he wanted it again, and again, and again, but that was not the point. The point was, having grown up with two strong ladies in his life, he knew when to shut up, and this was one of those moments.

Don't you dare, Chad Gilligan, don't you dare, not if you want it again. "Chad needs to tell you something about Cassie," June blurted, relishing the fact that his face scrunched up unpleasantly at the mention of the stalker. "And seems she stole my photo for some damn reason. Go on, tell her who took the only photo I have of my parents after the f..." she bit the word. "Tell her what's happened in the past few days."

The threatening tone in her voice surprised Chad. It caught him off guard. "I... I..." he started and had to look away from her to Jo. He heaved in a deep breath before confirming Jo's suspicion. "She's back."

Jo's jaw dropped, her gaze locked on his face. She knew exactly what all this entailed. Resembling a viper striking, Jo sprung to her feet, red hot in temper and gritted teeth, muttering, "That murderous bitch!"

"She has my photo," June gasped, shaking her head, more horrified than before. "Why would she take that?"

It was an excellent question, and Chad suspected he knew why. June was a target now, he was sure.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Mabelle Imago from Pixabay)





23. Chaos Amidst the Calm


A thin, spindly finger traced the frozen and slightly blurred image on the screen, following the lines of a young woman's near-naked body as she dressed, unbeknownst to her that someone was watching. Someone she'd suddenly caught the eyes of. Her shoulders caught the morning light from the window, a distinct glimpse of her young breasts peeked from the side. The narrow waist and those comely hips drew Cassie's brown eyes.

She scowled at the woman. "I'll find out all about you, don't you fret your pretty little head." She caressed the spine of the leather-bound journal poised open on her lap. The words 'For June' scrolled on the top middle in Zachary's handwriting.

Her eyes drew to slits. "What do you have, June?" she spat the name out like poison, turning to the first page. The very page Terry had once struggled to read. But Cassie was used to the writing. Not that he would know. So, she began reading the latest work-in-progress with June frozen on her forty-inch screen like prey caught in a web.

♡

"What do you mean the book is missing?" a distinct growl laced Terry's voice over the phone, causing Chad to close the door to the study and cower further into the room. Further away from the murmuring women in the living room.

"I... we looked everywhere, Terry, everywhere." Frustrated, Chad ran a hand through his dishevelled hair and glanced up at the ceiling as if in prayer. "And it was getting good too," he half mumbled.

Terry spoke the next few words calmly. "Let me get this, Chad. You have not only toyed with your deadline several times but now, just when you said you're a few weeks away from first draft delivery, the book," she held on the word a moment. "The book which you still insist on writing by hand, for reasons I will never understand, that book , the only physical copy in existence, is missing?"

that book When you put it like that ? Chad attention suddenly caught by a tiny pin-prick of red light hovering over his bookshelf. "What the?"

When you put it like that "Excuse me!" Terry bit back irritably. "Watch your tone. This is your career we are talking about. You only got those extensions because we at the PrintHaus believe in your work and have signed you on for multiple book deals. If you've forgotten Chad, let me remind you, I'm your Editor first, and I have a job to do."

"Terry, Terry," Chad interjected, for he could sense the anger and the direction their conversation threatened to head into. "I wasn't talking to you."

"Then who?"

Chad stepped closer to the shelf, wheeling his chair behind him. "I think my office is bugged."

"Bugged? What do you mean bugged?" Terry warned, "If this is another excuse."

"Listen to what I'm saying for Pete's sake!" he hissed, steadying himself on top of the chair on wheels. Probably a terrible idea, but he needed to make sure he was seeing this right. "Cassie is back, did you hear that? She even stole June's family photo. I hadn't realised until this morning that my journal is missing too."

He eyed the tiny lens and blinked, lowering his voice to a whisper. "Didn't Cassie work in surveillance?"

"What?"

Chad reached up to the camera, just out of his reach. His weight shifted, toppling the chair beneath him, and taking him with it. His phone flung from his hand and slid somewhere under the bookshelf.

"Chad? Chad? What is going on?" Terry's faint voice spilled from the phone as he caught his breath and reached for the phone. Its screen cracked.

"Fuck!" His head throbbed, having met with a shelf on his way down. His hips ached from the landing. He leaned back against the table and put Terry on the loudspeaker.

"Chad?"

"Yeah."

"What the hell is going on with you?"

Chad looked around the room, at the culmination of a decade of hustling and keeping up with the demands of his career and contract, now about to come to an abrupt end. "Terry?"

"Yes, Chad."

"What happens now?"

The silence on her end was terrifying, and he shuddered.

"Are you okay?" He heard a bang as the door burst open and two women rushed into the room to aide.

He raised a hand to stop them and gave a slight shake of his head. The ladies stopped their onslaught and crept closer still, slowly.

"If we tell them about Cassie, they will most likely give you another chance to deliver, but worst-case scenario, they'll drop you as an author."

"When does the contract end?" He swallowed the lump forming in his throat.

Another hesitant pause made him want to hurl, even more than Jo checking his head, left and right. Something warm was slithering down the side of his face.

"You're bleeding. What happened?" Jo turned his head and stared at the nasty gash. "You'll need stitches, mate."

Chad slapped her hand away and his stomach did another nasty turn at the sight of his own blood on her hands. "I have other things to worry about." He pointed at the blinking red light on top of his shelf.

"Chad?"

"Terry."

"Your contract ends after Christmas."

Chad swallowed again, for the lump refused to subside. That's only two months away . It made him miserable.

That's only two months away "Well, Terry." He heaved a deep breath, feeling light-headed. "It's been nice working with you..." The room began tilting on its axis and his phone slid out of his grasp as terrified faces loomed over him. What? What? But he remembered nothing more.

What? What? ♡

Cassie stepped out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel and glanced at the screen to make sure the cameras were still working. The four feeds twinkled on the screen: Chad's bedroom, his study, June's room, and the lounge.

It was then that Chad's study caught her attention. "What?" She leaned in closer and isolated the camera, peering at the image of paramedics wheeling Chad out, strapped to a gurney. "What happened, honey? Don't worry. I'll be there soon. I just have to find which hospital they're taking you to first." She rushed off back to her room and hurriedly changed. She had to reach him and reach him now. There was no time to waste.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





(Image by Gerd Altmann from Pixabay)

Gerd Altmann





24. A Wolf in a Lamb's Clothing


Jo was pacing the floor in the emergency ward when a nurse approached them. "Are you Mr Gilligan's family?" she asked, peering from Jo to a dazed June sitting on a chair in an examination cubicle.

"I'm his older sister." Jo stopped pacing.

The nurse turned to June with an expression that asked 'and you?' which caused her to stammer uncertainly. "I," she began, unable to find the words. What was she really? A flatmate, a friend with 'benefits', or a girlfriend? She hesitated, even though the word 'girlfriend' would give her greater access to information.

"She's the girlfriend," Jo volunteered, seemingly comfortable giving June that title. "Is he okay?"

"He is conscious and communicating well, but we are still running some tests. We'll know better soon. It's looking like he sustained a concussion from the fall." She turned to leave but held off. "It'll be a few hours before he's cleared to go home. Perhaps the two of you would like to come back in a couple of hours rather than sit around here?"

"Yeah, we might do that, thank you." Jo nodded and picked her handbag off the floor, bending awkwardly because of the growling belly. Somewhere, a child was wailing loud, in competition with no one but itself. So loud in fact that Jo put her hand on her own belly and rubbed it. "Don't you ever scream like a banshee, you hear? No one needs to scream like that."

"Come on, June, before I yell at an infant." She grabbed June's arm and pulled her along the corridor and out of the ward. "Best we grab some grub and head home to look at this pest problem you two suddenly have."

They stepped out into a windy afternoon with the imminent smell of rain hanging in the air. "If there is one camera watching him, I'm sure there are more. With your photo disappearing, I bet my giant ass you are being watched," said Jo.

"Me?" June stopped mid parking lot. "Why would she watch me?"

"Chad has told you about this loony, yeah?" Jo took June's arm again, hurling them further ahead towards their car, and nearly in front of another entering the parking.

A honk sounded loud before them and a blonde woman stuck her head out the window wearing a sun hat several sizes too big and floppy on her head, accompanied by equally big sunglasses. "Eyes on the road, you idiots!" she screamed at them. "People have husbands to worry about without needing to visit prison for the manslaughter of numb-nuts." She honked again as Jo and June stepped back, and her tires squealed past them, before slamming her brakes on a bend to avoid crashing into parked cars.

"She tells us to keep our eyes on the road?" Jo huffed indignantly. "Keep your eyes on the road!" she yelled back despite knowing they were too far to be heard. She started back down the path towards their car, only to realise June was staring off after the road-rager. "What is it?"

"The woman looked familiar." June followed with a shake of her head.

♡

The drive home was a restless one for June, mulling over the woman from the parking lot. Despite the hat and the sunglasses that hid more than half the face, something told her she knew the woman. That annoying thought was making her most uncomfortable. Who was the woman and why did she bother her?

"You okay?" Jo asked, rummaging through the nooks and crannies around Chad's bed. "You're so distracted. You know he will be fine, right? The boy's got a thick head."

"It's not that." June pushed aside another lot of Chad's clothing and checked the corners of the cupboard. "It's the woman from the parking lot." She found nothing akin to a camera in the closet, so she moved onto the curtains, casually brushing her hand against the soft net.



"Forget about that woman." Jo dropped on all four and checked the underside of the bed.

"That's the thing, Jo." June aggressively pulled the curtain aside and heard something land on the floor with a thud.

"I heard that." Jo's head popped up like an eager meerkat.

"I heard it too." June slowly crouched down on all fours, joined by Jo rustling over. As they checked the floor, June continued. "She looked familiar, you know? Like I know who she is. The name is on the tip of my tongue."

"Maybe it's Cassie in disguise." Jo chuckled, brushing an arm under the bed and coming up with nothing more than dust motes. "Chad really needs to clean. How have you been putting up with this? I mean, you hump here, and a flurry of these will go up for sure." She stuck a dusty palm to June and sneezed.

June smiled, a little embarrassed, tucking a strand of her hair behind her ear. "Yesterday was the first time, Jo."

Jo jabbed a dirty finger on June's knee. "I still can't believe you two are finally doing it. Of all his girlfriends..." She struggled through the words as she did another swipe under the bed and came up with a little more than dust motes. She eyed the small black camera in her hand, similar to the one from the study. "You're the only one I like."

"Wasn't his last girlfriend a friend of yours?"

Jo cocked a smile her way. "Yeah, but she wasn't right for him."

"He's asked me to be his plus one to the wedding. She sent him an invitation, via mail," June blurted, wanting to hear Jo's thoughts on whether it was a good idea for him to attend, let alone with a new fling. "I don't even know why anyone would invite their ex to their wedding. Especially an ex they turned down."

"A narcissist, that's who, and Setal is a pure narcissist, claws and all, a princess in her universe and used to getting all the attention." Jo pushed herself up to sit on the bed and eyed the camera in her hand, turning it over, trying to find an off switch. "Can you imagine the attention she'll get if a world-famous author who is her ex turns up all jealous like she thinks he is, to her wedding?" There was no off button she could see. "I'm thinking of asking dad to be mine if I go. It will be worth seeing her face when he puts her in her place, especially if you go as Chad's date."

June joined her on the bed and eyed the camera in Jo's hand. "Was he ever serious with...?" She couldn't even say the woman's name. She pointed at the camera instead, feeling her stomach turn. Not that she was feeling ill. She was jealous that Chad might have shared something profound with the woman messing his life up, something more than he had with her.

"Cassie?" Jo almost spit. "God, no! She was a celebrity fling. It was his first time meeting a super fan and an intelligent super fan, not just tits-for-brains sort. He enjoyed it for a while. They'd catch up at his events, but by the time he was ready for it to end, she had other ideas."

Jo pushed herself off the bed and dusted the camera. She stared at the blinking light and pulled a face. "Take that, bitch. We're onto you, you crazy loon."

"Come on, June, you're up next." Jo thrust a hand towards June, only to be ignored. "What now?"

June turned slowly, "The woman from the parking lot." Her eyes wide in realisation and they both said the name in unison. "Cassie!"

"Oh my God, Chad doesn't know she's there." June grabbed Jo's hand and sprung to her feet.

Jo's demeanour changed with a flick of a switch. "You know what she looks like?"

"I found her wearing his sweater, sitting in his study one morning, and she told me she was his wife. Didn't Chad tell you?" June inquired, surprised.



Jo bit her lip in thought and led June by the arm to her room. "Your rooms, the lounge, wherever you might have gotten busy, search it." She pushed June into the room and walked away in a rush. "Find those cameras."

"What about you?" June hovered by the door, watching Jo head downstairs.

"I have a call to make."

♡

Standing outside the house, the women watched a man Jo knew very well. Jo was even trying her best not to devour the sight of him, from head to toe, alive. Absent-minded, she covered her stomach, a meek attempt to hide what she could never hide. She was the size of a small watermelon and he was a keen-eyed detective. The handsome detective was making Jo feel hot and bothered, and it had nothing to do with the late afternoon sun beating down on their pretty little heads.

"Is there something else you want to tell me?" Tom whispered in Jo's ear as they stood behind June, who peered into the house through the open door. At the hive of activity as members of the forensic team worked. She'd never seen them in real life.

Jo pushed him back with her shoulder. "You're the one that walked, remember?"

Tom clenched his chiselled jaw and pocketed his hands, fighting hard not to let his temper loose in front of a stranger. "You told me to get out. That it was going too fast."

"It was going too fat, you moron!" Jo hissed, turning around. "We'd been dating three months and you... you..."

"I what?" Tom goaded, his brow doing the mischievous dance he did when he was being cheeky. A slight smile spread on his thin, yet apple-red lips she wanted to kiss. Again, and again, and again...

He leaned closer, his bristly cheek rubbing against hers and sending an impossible cascade of goosebumps down her body. "Because I asked you to move in with me, Jo?"

Jo swallowed the lump in her throat. It sounded silly when he put it like that. "I," she stammered, unable to throw a witty jibe. "I... it was too fast for me, okay?"

"Not fast enough, apparently." He eyed her belly, a mischievous smile playing on his lips, but Jo couldn't tell if it was laced with sarcasm or sincerity. "Is it?" He cleared his throat. The question stuck somewhere inside. "Is it mine?"

Jo slapped his arm hard and followed it with a flurry of tiny attacks that pushed him towards the sidewalk. "How dare you? How dare you? Of course, it's yours! Unless you think I cheated on you." She wheezed in anger, tears stinging her eyes. She was the one hitting him, not the other way around, and she was the one who told him to leave in a moment of utter terror. All because the notion that her life could one day be normal, even happy, with a perfect husband by her side, Tom, was scary. "You're the only one I ever-" She stopped as Tom grabbed her hands mid-air.

June watched them with concern. Tom shook his head in a manner that said 'It's okay'.

As soon as June had turned back to the house, Tom glared at Jo, blubbering. "Are you ever going to tell me how you feel, or do I always have to dig it out of you, Jo? We're about to be parents and you call me for the first time in months and it's for your messed-up brother? What the hell is wrong with you?"

Jo's chin trembled, and she fell into his arms, sobbing. "I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking. I was scared."

Tom hugged her deep, hands stroking her back. "You were thinking of your brother's safety, and that's okay."

Jo shook her head, and her tear-streaked face turned to him. "That's not what I was apologising for, you idiot."

He smiled and nodded like he knew exactly what she was apologising for. His attention was pulled when the Lead Forensic poked his head out and searched him out in the front yard. "Detective Austin, we're done."



"I'll be right in." Tom released Jo from his arms and watched her compose back into the hard, joke-riddled, semi-self-deprecating, but crazy-intelligent woman she was. No sign of her breakdown. "I'm stopping by tonight, and you and I are having a chat like the adults we're supposed to be."

"You're the child!" she bit back, mousy, but nodded as he stared back, unimpressed. When he turned on his heels and headed in, she yelled. "You better bring some take-outs with you because I'm not cooking."

Tom cracked a smile as he passed June. "What did we find?" he asked as he stepped into the house.

"For starters," began the lead Tom followed. Behind them, immensely curious, June followed. "All up six cameras, all top of the line, and several sets of fingerprints from all over the house, some of which we will have to eliminate..."

"Six cameras?" June whispered. Where were the other two they hadn't found ? Jo's phone rang behind her, startling her out of her thought.

Where were the other two they hadn't found "It's the hospital. Chad's done. We can pick him up."

June, though curious to see the progress at the house, was even more curious to see Chad. "I'll go," she chimed in. "Can I borrow your car?"

Jo handed her the keys, and June gave the woman a quick hug, whispering in her ear. "So that's the baby daddy? He's cute."

She got a slap on her ass for the cheek. "You have your own man. Now, go get, and be careful."

June's spine snapped at the word, careful. They had been so caught up searching for the cameras and worrying about Cassie being back, they'd completely forgotten to warn the poor man that the woman he feared was most likely the one from the car park. Who, June suspected, was hours in the lead.

"You think she would she still be there?" June asked, stopping by the door. "I mean if it was her in the car park?"

"How sure are you it was her?" Jo's brows creased in worry.

"Sure. I spent an entire day with the woman, remember."

"Then Tom should go with you. In case she is nuts and waiting for him, for who knows what purpose."

"Right." June eyed the detective as he joined them.

"Well, the team's done. We'll post an officer out on the street." He looked from one to another. "The cameras are still transmitting so go about as normal as you can so we don't tip her. We'll have a team try to locate where it's transmitting. Let's see if she turns up to 'fix' the one camera we shut down." When neither responded, he turned to Jo. "What's going on?"

"You need to go to the hospital with June," Jo said blankly.

Tom glanced at June. "Everything okay?"

"Not entirely sure. It's a feeling we have." Jo pushed him towards the door where June stood. "She'll fill you in on the way."

"I don't have a choice, do I?" He laughed as he let her push him around.

"It's my baby brother." Jo cracked a smile. "Now, go, and bring me back that food you promised too. I'm starving."

Tom paused at the door as he went to close it. "You're five minutes older than him, Jo. He's hardly a baby."

She grabbed a cushion from the sofa and hurled it in his direction. He closed the door, and the cushion thudded softly against it. She heard him laugh. She also heard him say, "Hold up, I forgot something."

A moment later, the door flung open, and the man rushed in, scooped her up in his arms and kissed her like she'd wanted him to all afternoon. When he let go, it was all she could do not to let her knees buckle beneath her. The forensic team still cleaning up after themselves cheered them on, and for the first time, Jo saw Tom blush a beautiful colour of rouge.

"This time, I'm not leaving, not until I hear something that makes sense." He kissed her again, then a quick kiss on her belly, and he rushed out the door. "I love you, Joanne Gilligan, and lock the damn door after them."

Jo smiled, for the first time in her life, unsure she still thought marriages were for fools. Even her parents had committed that mistake twice in their life. Why not her?

"I love you too, Tom Austin," she whispered into the air to her own delighted disbelief. She couldn't wait for their 'chat', a smile widening at the thought of Tom waltzing back into her life for good.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Ulrike Mai from Pixabay)



Ulrike Mai





25. Hunter-Prey


"I'm sorry, what did you say?" June asked for what might have been the third time. She was having difficulty hearing the triage nurse behind the inconvenient but necessary safety glass, but mostly because people in the waiting area were loud.

"He's not here anymore," the nurse replied once more, impatient.

"With whom?" June stared wide-eyed at the woman. "We left home as soon as we got the call, and that was only half an hour ago."

The nurse, her patience running more than a little thin, eyed the line behind June. She flagged a nurse who was signing out of her shift for the night.

June recognised the nurse. She was the one who had looked after Chad. She watched the two nurses exchange words before being dismissed from the window and told to wait on the side. "She'll come out and have a word with you. Next!"

There was nothing more to be said, and they stepped aside.

When the nurse walked out into the waiting room with her handbag on her shoulder and a drained look on her face, June stepped up. "Do you remember me? I was here with a pregnant lady and her brother, Chad Gilligan." She leaned closer to the nurse and whispered, "The author?"

"He gave me an autograph." The nurse kindly smiled. "What can I do for you, Jo, was it?"

"Jo's his sister, I'm June. It's kind of weird I guess, both of us having names with J."

Tom, who had been standing patiently behind June, cleared his throat. "June."

June blushed. "The nurse over there said he might have left already?"

It was then the nurse looked perplexed, her eyes fixed on June. "I saw him leave with you. I don't understand."

... Half an hour earlier...



... Half an hour earlier... "Thank you for this. I can't believe I forgot my phone with my sister." Chad handed the phone back to the nurse. He eyed the busy waiting area. "I'll wait out there, I guess."

The nurse handed him a bottle of water. "I finish soon. If you don't mind the company, I can wait with you till your ride gets here."

"That'd be nice, thank you. I'm sure they won't be long."

She hesitated a moment with an awkward smile on her face, "Can I?"

"Get an autograph?" Chad asked. He didn't mind giving her a token of appreciation and it wouldn't even cost him anything. "As long as we don't mention the other name out loud," he winked, leaning in slightly to whisper.

A wide grin spread on her young lips. "Oh, would you? I didn't want to ask but." Chad nodded, reciprocating her smile.

Within moments, she rushed back to his side with a general admissions form ripped in half. "I couldn't find any other paper."

"It will do," he said with a smile, taking the proffered pen and paper. He leaned it against the wall and asked, "Who shall I make it out to?"

"Megha. That's M, E, G, H, A."

Chad signed, 'Dear Megha, thank you for looking after me. I know who to see in triage next time I fall and hit my head. Love, Zachary Eve.' He signed his winged autograph beneath the message and dated it before passing it back.

The way the woman's beautiful eyes twinkled as she read the message made him smile. When she looked up, those eyes kept dancing. "Did I do good?" he teased, his voice deepening a little, and a blush of red spread across her smooth caramel-hued skin. He was flirting, and she was responding. HOLY SHIT, I am Zach. He had turned on his charm without realising, and she was responding to nothing more than his voice and stance. Maybe now, I have a shot with June, Chad grinned happily, as the petite lady excused herself and rushed off, showing the autograph to her colleagues.

HOLY SHIT, I am Zach. Maybe now, I have a shot with June,

Heads began turning his way in triage. Nurses, young and old, beamed at him with their smiles. "Oh, shit." He nodded at the nearest lady nervously, before turning on his heels and heading out of the halls with newfound zeal. He hadn't thought this through, had he? The hospital wasn't exactly a place he wanted a line forming for autographs.

When he walked out into the sea of broken people in the lobby, the loudness of it hit him like a brick wall, sending the quiet thud of pain roaring in his newly mended head. I will wait outside. He glanced out the wall-to-ceiling window and noticed a familiar figure pacing in the dark, occasionally shooting glances at the waiting room. She saw him and stopped in the shadows. "June?" He waved eagerly. She waved back slowly.

I will wait outside. He peered back at the triage hall for the nurse. She was nowhere in sight. "I'm sure she wouldn't mind that I'm gone." He headed for the door and away from the cacophony that pained him.

"Chad?" someone called out from behind and he halted by the door. It was the nurse hurrying out the door towards him. She held more paper and a pen in hand with a sheepish smile on her face. "Would you mind a couple more?"

Chad minded, not that he would tell her. June was waiting for him outside and he hesitated, eyeing the effects in her hand.

' Never, ever turn a fan away, Chad Gilligan!' Terry's voice snapped in his head. ' You never know when that one minor act of saying no turns them away from buying your next book and the next book, and before you know it, a whole faction of fans turn against you because they heard what you did to this one. They will think you're a snob, and no one, I mean, no one wants to support a snob!'

Never, ever turn a fan away, Chad Gilligan!' You never know when that one minor act of saying no turns them away from buying your next book and the next book, and before you know it, a whole faction of fans turn against you because they heard what you did to this one. They will think you're a snob, and no one, I mean, no one wants to support a snob!' He had to concur. He obediently nodded and took the papers and pen off her hands. He signed autographs as he'd never signed them before, fast, and in between each, peeked out at the figure waiting for him outside.

"Is that your ride?" the nurse asked apologetically, and he nodded. "Oh, I'm so sorry, I didn't realise."

"It's okay. A few minutes won't hurt." Chad signed the last two pieces of paper, eyeing June from the corner of his eyes. "Have a good night, Megha, and thank you again." He bowed his head to her.

' Now give her your best smile, ' Terry instructed.

Now give her your best smile, Chad flashed the most charming, rid-your-pants-off-your-hips smile and slipped out of the building. Leaving the nurse a little disappointed, when Zachary Eve approached a woman in the shadows.

Chad smelled the impending rain in the air as he skipped forward, ignoring the pain in his head that threatened to bring moisture to his eyes. A mild concussion was what he'd sustained, along with a few stitches and a severe headache. "June, why didn't you come in? I almost didn't see you," he called out.

The figure that stepped out of the shadows was not June. It was Cassie, wearing a black wig resembling June's hair, hastily chopped. Cassie was perhaps several inches shorter than June too, but Chad hadn't noticed those details till it was too late. She held something cold and dangerous in her hands, something else he noticed too late. The wicked gleam of a pistol pointed at his belly.

"Hey, lover boy," she finally said, the words sending chills down his spine. "Long time."

"No see," he mumbled, his heart thundering to his throat. He glanced inside the busy ward hoping someone had noticed them, or the gun in Cassie's hand, and alert security. That wish remained unfulfilled as she stepped closer and gave his cheek a cold kiss. "I've missed you."

'Buy yourself time,' Jo's voice screamed in his head. 'I'm on my way. Buy yourself time.'

'Buy yourself time,' 'I'm on my way. Buy yourself time.' Chad smiled politely. "Cassandra, is that really you?" he managed in a conversational tone, his voice nothing more than a frightened squeak. He wondered if he had said it loud enough for her to hear. He quickly eyed her hair, trying to avoid making it seem more than it was. "New hair, I see."

"This thing?" She pulled the wig off her head, revealing her pixie blonde hair. "I couldn't risk you panicking and doing something silly. Imagine if I had to chase you in front of all these people. What would they think?" she giggled, unaware she was a terrifying Chad. "So I had to look like her, didn't I? The new girl. You didn't think I'd notice?" her voice grew cold and threatening as she hooked an arm around Chad's. She pulled him towards the quiet tundra of the parking lot and he had no choice but to follow. At least he was at a hospital already should anything go sideways, but the thought gave him little relief.

"New girl? What new girl?" Chad feigned ignorance. He knew exactly who she was referring to. June, the woman he was in love with, and no one even knew it for sure, no one, except his new book, the book that was missing.

Cassie snorted, jaded. "I'm not stupid, Chad. Anyone can see how you feel about her and they don't need to read a book." She pulled him harder, taking him off balance now and then. "So I thought it's time you and I had a serious chat about us." She jabbed the barrel of the gun at his ribs. "How about my place? I'll order your favourite Chinese. Or is it Japanese these days?"

Japanese She's threatening June , he shivered. June was half Japanese. Mother's side or father's, he couldn't remember, but she'd mentioned it once last night, the first time they'd had sex. His thoughts ran to the camera in his study. And she saw the whole thing!

She's threatening June And she saw the whole thing! "So chat." His mind raced. He glanced at the entrance to the parking. The road was empty. Where the fuck are you, Jo?

Where the fuck are you, Jo? "I went through all that effort to get you alone, so we will do it my way. Now get in and drive." She threw him the keys and shoved him towards a small beat-up sedan, the gun pointed his way. "Let's go!"

His hands shook as he fumbled with the keys, dropping them twice to the ground before unlocking the car. As he slid into the driver's seat, his heart thundered fearfully, and his head pulsed something wicked. Oh God, please help me, he prayed silently when Cassie slipped into the seat beside him, gun pointed his way.

Oh God, please help me, The engine roared to life, and Chad took the deepest breath of his life. This was the moment all those years had been leading up to, where he was no longer an author with a 'dedicated' fan. He was a man who'd missed signals, all the red flags, and now it was too late. He was in trouble, real trouble , and no one even knew.

real trouble Please God, if you're there, if you exist, please help me. He chanted it in his head as she demanded he takes this left and that right. He even glanced at other drivers at red lights, hoping someone would look his way, see the panic in his eyes and send help, but no one took notice of a frightened man in a car. And soon, Chad no longer recognised the roads they were on. Or where she was taking him.

Please God, if you're there, if you exist, please help me. Breathe. Just breathe... and buy yourself time...

Breathe. Just breathe... and buy yourself time... "Stop." Cassie's voice rang loud, "We're here. Get out."

Help me. Please—Somebody—Anybody—



Help me. Please—Somebody—Anybody—





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





(Image by SplitShire on Pixabay)

SplitShire





26. The Ticking Clock


Chad sat on the sofa as instructed. A wayward spring dug into his ass. He eyed Cassie as she continued rummaging through a bag, distracted. If Chad was brave, he could go for the gun levelled at his crouch, not that it had been her initial aim. If he was so bold, he could knock her out with the hilt to the temple and run across to neighbours for help. Better yet, call the police. He'd seen it done many times in films. It was probably doable.

He eyed her, her bag, and then the gun in her small hand, too preoccupied with whatever she was looking for. This was his moment. He could go for it, he could. He tensed, ready to coil into action. However, as he lifted off the sofa, the spring squeaked.

"Shit!" He mouthed as Cassie's head snapped in his direction like a viper, the gun aimed back at his torso.

He shuffled on the seat as if he were trying to get comfortable. "There's a spring digging in," he managed.

Cassie smiled at his discomfort, lowering the gun back to his groin. "I always hated that couch. I told Ma to throw it out years ago. It doesn't go with this house."

Nothing goes with this decrepit house, not even you, you crazy loon. He plastered a nervous smile on his face.

Nothing goes with this decrepit house, not even you, you crazy loon. "God, I've missed you!" she blurted, one hand back in the bag, searching.

He swallowed. Maybe he could distract her long enough for her mother to walk in on them. "This is your Ma's place? Nice. I haven't seen her in what, four years. How is she?"

"What pipe are you smoking?" She laughed, pulling a loaded syringe from the bag.

"Your Ma?" Chad continued, distracted by the giant needle. What the hell is that? His heart skittered like a nervous child.

What the hell is that? "Ma? Oh, you're not gonna see her around anymore." She shoved the syringe towards his face with a nudge. Take it.

Take it. Chad gave her a pleading look, hoping for mercy. Instead, she shoved it in his hand and stepped back. With both hands on the gun, she kept a steady aim in the general vicinity of his heart.

"It'll immobilise you so you can't try something stupid, like run." She sat on the edge of the table, watching him. "Go ahead, take it. It won't kill you."

Ha! Famous last words. Chad rolled the object in his hand. Trying to spot any labels that could tell him what poison was in the tube. That's when the word 'immobilise' popped back in his mind.

Ha! Famous last words. "What do you mean immobilise?" He eyed her, keeping his voice calm and not laced with panic or accusation.

"I don't know. I'm not a chemist, am I?" She shrugged. "I heard them discussing how it paralysis someone temporarily. So I swiped it. Thought it might come in handy."

"Them who?" he asked in alarm. Cassie had many 'them' in her books and some of those people didn't even exist.

"I don't know!" her voice rose a pitch higher, irritated. "Doctors, I suppose, you know, the ones in scrubs. Now stop wasting time. I need to pee."

Doctors? Chad's mind raced. She'd stolen an unknown paralytic doctors' used during procedures? Procedures such as surgeries where at least half a dozen people with medical training and life support gear surround you in case things went wrong. Not a deranged woman with no medical knowledge.

Doctors? Paralysis? Chad's head snapped back to science lessons in school and first year of university when he had dabbled with the thought of completing a Bachelor of Science. Paralysis only occurred when neurons couldn't signal muscles any longer because the pathways were damaged or blocked.

Paralysis?

God only knew what was in the syringe, and there was no way he wanted it in his body. It was not the way he, nor tabloid inducing Zachary Eve, wanted to go, paralyzed and unable to breathe, on the floor of a random house in a random suburb, dying at the feet of a crazy woman he'd invited into his life seven years ago. What a young, stupid fool he'd been when fame came knocking.

"Heart is a muscle," he mumbled, terrified at the thought. If he took the thing, temporary or not, he'd die while she went to the bathroom, period.

"What are you mumbling?" she barked, getting impatient.

"Do you want me dead, Cassie? Is that what you want?" he asked with a look of terror plastered on his face.

Confused, she shook her head. "No, why would I want you dead? I told you, I want to talk and I don't want you running away, back to her, while I pee."

Chad took a breath. What he was going to say was crazy, but not as crazy as taking the drug, or as stupid as dying if he took that damn thing.

"If it's a paralytic," he began. "Yes, I won't be able to move a muscle, so can't run, but I won't be able to talk either, Cassie. And you want to talk, don't you?" He held the syringe up gingerly between his fingers. "I won't be able to breathe either, because that needs a muscle too. You know what that means, right?" He looked at her for an understanding.

"It means, while you go to the bathroom, Cassie, I will die here. My heart will stop working. Do you understand what you're asking me to do?"

Cassie shook her head. Confusion reigning. "How do I make you stay then?" She looked up at him, her blue eyes pleading.

"You could always tie me. Or shoot my legs." He swallowed hard, eyeing the gun. Regretting the moment the suggestion left his lips. He didn't want to get shot, but it beat the hell out of suffocating to death. "Either way, I won't be going anywhere, but not this, Cassie. I don't want to die like this." He placed the syringe on the arm of the sofa and turned to her.

Cassie considered his suggestions for a long moment, and all Chad could do was wait for her to decide which option sounded better: shoot him in the leg, or tie him?

♡

The security guard paused the image as a petite woman took off a wig, and despite it being grainy as hell, June recognised the woman. She grasped Tom's arm, panic welling in her chest.

"That's her. That's Cassie."

Tom glanced at an old mug shot of Cassie he had the department send to his phone, then at the woman on the computer screen. "Are you sure?"

"Positive." June tapped the guard's shoulder. "Can we see where they went?" The man nodded, and the video continued on fast-forward, till the two disappeared from view, heading towards the parking lot.

"He went with her?" June gasped. "Why would he go willingly? He's terrified of her."

"Unless he had no choice." Tom stared at the screen, thoughtful. "Can you rewind to where they start talking?" The image scrambled back to where Chad had approached the figure in the shadows.

"Why did he even approach her?" June mumbled beside Tom. "I was on my way. Ten minutes, and he would have been in the car with us."

Tom glanced at her from the corner of his eyes before he thought he saw something on the screen. "Pause." The image stopped as Cassie stepped out into the light, her right arm obscured by her body. "Zoom in on the hand."

The guard complied and though June couldn't tell what Tom was glaring at, his wide-eyed expression told her it was something she should fear.

"Can you get me a copy of this? And, do you have any CCTV looking out at the lot?" Tom asked with a new sense of urgency in his voice.



"Only partially," the guard replied. "The spots closer to the hospital might be on a camera, but the back end, if she parked there, I'm afraid I got nothing."

"Check for me. The make and model, or better yet, a license plate would be great."

"Sure."

"Is Chad in danger?"

Tom met her gaze. "How much do you know about this woman?"

June shrugged. "Bits and pieces Jo or Chad mentioned. Or whatever she told me herself that day, if any of it was even true."

"Did she mention anything that could tell you where she is staying? Living?"

June shook her head. The panic she'd felt earlier welled up in her throat again, threatening to clamp it shut. "What's going on? Please tell me. Why did he go with her?"

"She had a gun on him, June. That's why he went against his will. We need to find him soon." He glanced at the screen as the guard continued scanning through CCTV footage in the parking lot from various angles. "The woman is not in the best of health mentally. She's sick and needs help, which makes her unpredictable."

He spotted a nervous Chad being pushed towards a car in the far corner of a camera, and yelled, "Stop! There." He pointed at the screen. "Get me that car." The guard followed Tom's finger and nodded in compliance.

"It'll take me a few minutes."

Tom turned back to June, who still stared at the section on the image he had pointed to. He cleared his throat to get her attention. "We have to get back to the house and get my team there, now."

She nodded, watching Chad disappear on the other side of the old sedan, out of view.

"June? If you remember anything from that day that can help me locate her, it could save his life."

"His life?" she muttered, surprised at the word.

The guard handed Tom a memory stick with the requested clips, and Tom nodded in gratitude before turning to her. "Come on."

June followed him out of the security room and into the night, "You will find him, won't you?" She halted by the edge of the parking lot.

"Depends." He escorted her by the arm towards his car.

"On what?"

"How good she is at covering her tracks, and what she wants from him." Getting in the car, he continued. "Her files indicate she suffers grand delusions where she thinks Chad is her husband and now, with the cameras in play and you in the picture—"

He glanced at her once before turning the engine on. "You were the last person in direct contact with her as far as we know, right? You talked to her. Did anything about her stand out?"

June knew what Tom had wanted to say. Cassie probably still thought Chad was her husband, and with her in the picture, she most likely thought he is cheating.

June wracked her brain for details of the day with Cassie, on the ride back to the house, and to Jo, who was waiting for them to return with her brother. Had Cassie ever mentioned where she was staying? She couldn't quite remember.

A tear crept from the corner of her eyes when Tom pulled along the kerb. Two patrol cars and a tech team had arrived in perfect timing.

The sight of several cops and surveillance technicians gearing up to locate Chad should have provided relief. Instead, it filled June with dread. What if they couldn't save him?

Jo slunk over to June's side once they were inside. "Where's Chad?"

June swallowed nervously, watching the men tap the phone lines and set up a trace. Somewhere else, she heard Tom ask how close they were to tracing the outgoing signal from the cameras. "Find the damn IP!" He was barking.

"Find the damn IP!" June ignored the grumble of her starved belly. She hadn't eaten since the morning.

"June? Where is Chad?" Jo repeated, her voice growing impatient with worry.

"Cassie has him," did my lips even move ? An unusual numbness had washed over June at those words. "She got him from the hospital minutes before we arrived."

did my lips even move "What do you mean, she got him?" Jo glanced over at the men in the room.

"She had a gun to him, Jo." June turned to the sister. "Tom said he had no choice." Tears rolled down her cheeks. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry we couldn't get him home safe." The flood gates opened. The guilt poured out, her blubbering got messier. Maybe they shouldn't have left him alone. "I'm so sorry!"

Maybe they shouldn't have left him alone. Jo held her in her arms, worry-lines etching her forehead. "This can't be happening again," she muttered, catching Tom's worried gaze. "Find him. Please." She mouthed to him.

"I'll try." Tom's lips moved too, but the look on his face may as well have said, but I can't promise .



but I can't promise





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Free-Photos on Pixabay)

Free-Photos Free-Photos





27. Square One


(You are advised to read this chapter with the sound on for extra sensory effect.)

(You are advised to read this chapter with the sound on for extra sensory effect.) "I guess this is better than being shot," Chad mumbled, walking into the sparse, dirty, foul-smelling garage, with its bare and angry red, Australian soil. The smell immediately overpowered his senses as Cassie dug a finger into his back, nudging him further in. "Phew, Cassie, what died in here?"

She sniffed the air. "I smell nothing. Why, what do you smell?" Her eyes, wide and worried, flickered over the earthen floor. Chad couldn't tell why.

A large blowfly whizzed around him, the sound irritating his throbbing head. He'd forgotten about the thumping headache he still had, and now, the sound of a fly brought it forth in his mind. He winced as Cassie propelled him towards the rusty old water heater in the corner and thrust him down.

He landed on his ass, hitting a bone to something hard under the soil. Cassie tied his hands with a metal wire around a foot of the heater. Chad noticed her phone drop with a slight thud to the earth as she bent over, fixated on tying him up. He was glad the floor wasn't cement. He needed that phone. He had to keep her from recovering it. So, he leaned in closer to her, as close as he could manage without his stomach churning at the thought of trying to charm her.

"What happened to the floor in here? Doing some renovations, are you?"

Cassie eyed him, surprised at his smile. He forced it wider; sure all his teeth were showing. She blushed but continued to loop the gardening wire she'd found to tie him up with.

"Mum was renovating. I don't know why she started with the garage," Cassie said, a smile playing on her lips.

"Uh-huh," Chad mumbled while reaching his right foot to drag the phone below his thigh without alerting her. She hadn't noticed it yet, and wouldn't notice for a while. He needed to make a call. Just one call.

Just one call. His leg slipped, a tad short of the phone, and Cassie turned. "What're you doing?"

Lucky for Chad, his thigh was hiding half the phone and her own behind was hiding the rest from view. "Nothing." He pretended to get comfortable again. It was surprising how often she was falling for the same trick.

"Something is digging in my butt, so I was trying to find a better spot." He thumped the rest of his thigh over the phone as Cassie moved.

"Oh." She stood. "That's probably an old beam or something. This used to be a porch at one point. I'll get you a cushion to sit on. Be right back."

"I'll be here, as promised," he muttered, half-smiling as she glanced back at him, making sure he wasn't going anywhere.

As soon as she was out of sight, Chad tried to bring the phone closer, but a bigger problem remained. How was he going to place a call? He struggled to grip the phone between his shoes, and every time he moved, the wires around his wrist cut a little deeper.

When he heard the flush of the toilet and approaching footsteps on the creaky floor, he put his legs over the device. He had to find a window of time, long enough where he could be alone, maybe her next bathroom-break. For now, Cassie entered the garage once more and there was nothing he could do. He hoped by now Jo and June had realised he was missing and called the police.

Cassie held two cold beers in hand, and a cushion wedged under one arm. She placed the bottles on the floor in front of him and hit him on the side of the bottom. "Up." He complied, relieved to sit on something soft and not the hard ground.

She sat crossed legged in front of him and handed him a beer while she took a sip from the other. "Thought you might be thirsty, and I know how much you like this brand." She held the bottle to him as if waiting for him to take it.



He eyed the despicable thing. He had only ever tried that brand once, as part of the research for a book. He wasn't a bitter beer man, and yet, here she was, holding out a dark brew in a bleak bottle.

"You'll need to free my hands," he suggested casually. If there was a sliver of a chance she'd free his hands, he would take it, even if it was to drink beer.

Cassie chuckled, shaking the bottle at him. "I see what you did there. Nice try, Zach." She scooted over to him and held the bottle to his lips. "Here, drink."

He had no choice but to take a sip. "Hmm. Refreshing!" he commented after being forced to take another sip, then another. Was she trying to get him drunk? Woman, it's gonna take more than that and harder stuff. Perhaps a Pinot Gris? He plastered an uncomfortable smile on his face.

Woman, it's gonna take more than that and harder stuff. Perhaps a Pinot Gris? "It's good, right?" She leaned back on her arm and chugged the rest of hers.

"What was it you wanted to talk about, Cassandra?" He observed her carefully.

"Cassandra? Since when do you call me that?" Her brows lifted in question. "I like the sound of Cassie from you."

"Cassie." Chad swallowed the bile rising to his throat and nodded. "What did you want to talk about?"

"I'm not happy, Zach." Her mood dropped several shades. "I'm not happy right now. Look at us, sitting here in this filthy, broken house, trying to mend our broken relationship. How did we get here? How..." She gripped the bottleneck hard as if she was trying to strangle it. Chad swallowed nervously.

"Am I not enough for you, Zach, that you had to go get a younger version of me? How do you think it makes me feel?" she exploded, tears stinging her eyes, snot dribbling down her petite nose.

June's not a version of you . She is nothing like you. Not even close. Chad watched her, bewildered.

June's not a version of you She is nothing like you. Not even close. "I go away for a few months to look after my mum." Cassie wiped her nose on her long shirt sleeve. "Who is gone now, by the way, and you bring another woman into our home? Why, Zach?"

Chad stared at the slobbering mess in front of him, with the realization Cassie had no idea where and when she was anymore. She hadn't gone 'away' to look after her mother. No. They had taken her into psych holding as part of her sentencing. Sentencing handed down for stalking, aggravated assault, and attempted murder of the very man seated opposite her. And Chad was back to square one. Square one!

Fuck square one. You get out of here in one piece, damn it. Focus. Distract and call for help. He nodded to himself, one that Cassie did not notice.

Fuck square one. You get out of here in one piece, damn it. Focus. Distract and call for help. He pulled in a sharp breath. "Cassie," he began pointedly, as a parent might start when they are trying to explain to their child what they did wrong. This was going to either save him or be the moment things went south, fast. For it was when Chad realised, as long as Cassie was around, he could never bring another woman into his life. Never love, never marry, never have kids, because forever in the back of his mind would be this one question. Is she watching me right now? Or worse, is she watching them? He couldn't live with that. It was all or nothing.

Is she watching me right now? is she watching them? "Listen to me carefully," he spoke with a steady tone, a tone that rendered her silent. Defiance burned in his somewhat terrified eyes. "I am not your husband. I am not Zachary Eve. I am Chad Gilligan, and I have never been married to you or anyone else, ever. It is all in your head. You've got to let me go before you get in trouble. Trouble you don't want."

not not all "No. Stop it, stop it." Cassie shook her head, denial oozing from her pores. "You're Zach!" She jumped to her feet and began pacing. "You signed a book the first time we bumped into each other at a bookstore on Oxford Street, in that name! You were sweet, you even asked me out to dinner, and we hit it off." Her hand ran through her hair as memories clouded her mind, some true, but most, fabricated.



"And you flew me out to Paris of all places and proposed under the Eiffel tower. Do you not remember that? Cause I do, as if it was yesterday."

She watched him expectantly. "It had been drizzling before we went out for dinner, and you insisted we walk past it. You got down on your knees. All that light reflecting on the wet concrete made it look like you and I were floating in space between stars."

Chad's heart sank as he listened to her; growing concerned at the details he knew well, details from the novels. To his dismay, her mind had warped her memories: standing in a line at a book signing into 'bumping into each other at a bookstore' was only the beginning. Things that had never come to pass were things she believed happened in real life, with him. He was sure he hadn't asked her out to dinner. He'd merely asked if she'd like to join him for drinks as he'd mingled with fans after the talk. The first of many mistakes he'd made with her.

Beware the stranger. He was taught it in childhood, and yet, he'd let his guard down.

Beware the stranger. was "We got married under the moonlight on a beach in Fiji, warm sand between our toes. Your glorious face smiling down on me." She was still rambling, another detail from his third novel, Heartbreak Paradise . "And the day we found out we were pregnant..."

Heartbreak Paradise Uh-huh , Chad shook his head, mortified. They may have had sex more than he could count. All mistakes . But, all those times, they'd used protection. Always. He wasn't that stupid. Not that stupid.

Uh-huh All mistakes "We'd name the kid Gregor, after your father, if we ever had a boy. God rest his soul," the chatter continued, Cassie in her own reverie of memories, memories that were lifting her spirits. "And if it was a girl, we'd name her after your sister Yvonne. But then we lost her..."

"Stop!" Chad yelled, unable to take anymore. His skin crawled with a mix of fear, hatred, and disgust. "Stop!"

The baby, the plan for the names, the miscarriage were from his sixth and highest-grossing novel, A Glittering Night in Moscow .

The baby, the plan for the names, the miscarriage A Glittering Night in Moscow "What?" She glared at him, eyes wild and distant.

"None of that ever happened, Cassie!" Chad shook his head, the weight of it heavy, so heavy. He licked his dry lips, his heart and head pounding. He stared at his legs, his thoughts going to the phone hidden underneath. "None of it ever happened. Not the bookstore, not the proposal, not the wedding on the beach," his voice rose with each word. "And definitely not the baby. It's all your fucking imagination."

"No, no." Cassie shook her head, stubborn as ever. "Stop lying!"

"They're all bits and pieces of my stories, bits you've pieced together. I am NOT Zachary eve. Zach doesn't exist. You hear me? Zach does not exist!" Chad yelled, despite every atom in his body warning him to stop. "I made him up, like the rest of those stories you think are your memories. I made it up. Zach, the proposal, the wedding..."

"Stop lying!" she screamed through gritted teeth, her spittle raining down on him like a rabid dog. He didn't care. If she was livid, he was too. She was the one destroying his life, not the other way around.

"I said stop lying, Zach!" The gun pointed straight at his face, nestled in her trembling hands, trembles caused by sobs that wracked her body. "I'll prove it to you," she hissed between tears and left, in a whirlwind of emotion, leaving him trembling, not from fear but rage. The purest rage he'd ever felt.

He struggled against the wire, despite it cutting into his skin. He needed to get that phone now, while she was gone. He could hear her stomping through the house. Chad kicked off his shoes frantically, struggled to remove his socks, and somehow gripped the phone between his toes and flip it over, bringing the screen into view.

Was it swipe left or swipe right to get to the emergency call button, he couldn't quite remember, so he tried both. The urgency of the situation had him worried. For all he knew, his life depended on this call.

The screen he needed popped up after several attempts to swipe with his toes. Cassie wasn't back, and he hoped there was enough time to reach someone. He pressed the call button with his toe and waited impatiently as the sound of the call connecting came through the speakers. His breath caught in his throat as the call connected.

"What is your emergency, fire, ambulance, or police?"

"Police, I need the police, please. A crazy woman has me held at..." he was muttering, folded over the phone as he could when he heard footsteps sound on the creaky floor. "Fuck! Please, send help, I can't talk," was all he managed before he threw his legs over the phone to hide it, and hoped to God she wouldn't hear the voice floating out from the device. The person on the other end of the line was asking him for some details, details he couldn't provide without giving himself away.

It took all he had to go back to a compliant Chad, willing to talk. Even if she killed him at this point, it gave him some relief that the police could triangulate the cell phone signal and find his body. But relief, however, was so tiny it may not have even existed.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





28. Needle in a bloody haystack


"Any luck?" Jo careened her neck over Tom's shoulders, her eyes darting across the screens set up as a makeshift surveillance centre in the middle of Chad's lounge.

"It would have helped if he had his phone on him," Tom remarked pointedly, eyeing a fervent June sitting on a chair in the corner, out of their way. Her leg bouncing like a junkie. "She okay?"

"She can't remember anything useful to help Chad." Jo grabbed Tom's arm and pulled him aside. Her voice dropped to a whisper. "Last time Cassie had him, it was in his own house, and the only reason anyone knew he was in trouble was, she sent mum a cryptic threat the night before. Mum did not understand what it was or from whom, but I knew he was having problems breaking off a relationship." Jo's voice rose ever-so-slightly in anger, and she lowered it back down to a hush. "I had dropped in to check on him by chance."

"We're doing our best to find him, Jo," Tom reassured her.

"Find her," she demanded instead. "I think you should look for her. She has a history. Don't you keep track of criminals?"

Tom glanced at his team. They were following leads of traffic cameras after getting a partial plate and general colour and make of the vehicle from the hospital CCTV. So far, they'd tracked three similar vehicles through multiple routes. One had ended up outside a church in Newtown. The second had pulled up into a parking lot at a club north of the city. The third was still being tracked. It had travelled through multiple suburbs and they lost it now and then at blind spots, only to see it turn up on a camera in another intersection. It was a painstaking task, and they weren't even sure it was the one they should look at.

There was also an alert out to all patrols, with the screenshot of Cassie and Chad, taken from the hospital CCTV. The advice was to approach the woman as armed and dangerous. Tom had asked what details he could release about Chad, to ask for the public for help. But Jo wanted to wait till Terry got there. She needed a motherly, authoritative figure present, someone who knew exactly what information about her as a writer could be used, if any.

"What about Cassie's image from the hospital?" Tom inquired at one point. "We could say she was seen forcing an unidentified man at gunpoint, and we're concerned for the man's safety as she has a history of violence. Let me use something, Jo!"

"Haven't you kept tabs on her?" Jo paced. "Let Terry get here. She handles media for Chad."

"Handle what?" Terry's voice boomed behind them as she stood before the front door. She tapped her heels on the outdoor carpet and dropped her umbrella by the side. "What the hell is going on, Jo?" she snapped before spotting Tom lingering behind her. "Detective Ash?"

"Austin," Tom corrected, offering a handshake. "Thank you for coming to assist."

Terry scanned Tom's team and June, sitting nervously in the corner, eyeing the screens. "She's still here?"

Jo nodded. "And Chad's not."

"Yeah, about that, what do you mean he is missing? Why the hell is he missing?"

Jo gave a simple one-word reply. "Cassie."

"Fuck!" Terry turned to Tom, "I knew something like this might happen again when he said he thought he'd seen her."

"Do you know much about this woman?" Tom asked.

"Not much really." Terry shook her head. "She's crazy, thinks Chad's name is really Zachary Eve and believes wholeheartedly she's married to him."

"Anything about her life before she became a problem in Chad's? Anything that could help us?"

"She's an only child from what I can remember, and I think bipolar or schizophrenia or something like that runs in the family. Her defence used to shorten her sentence last time. I only met her a few times when Chad used to invite her to events. She always gave me the creeps. Something unsettling about her. I guess we know what that was now."



Jo leaned against Tom, worry lining her face as Terry asked, "What have you done to find him so far, and what can I help with?"

"We're following the car we believe is hers. We're narrowing down on the IP address where the footage is being streamed, and an officer is coming down with everything we have on her in our archives, see if there's anything in there to give us some clue." Tom rubbed Jo's arm gently. "We could go public with the situation to see if anyone out there spotted them. If we mention he's a renowned author, we might get traction."

Terry shook her head. "Chad's anonymity is everything to him. He still wears disguise at signings. If you go public with this, he can't hide behind Zachary Eve anymore. He'll hate it."

Tom stared at Jo, and then Terry, surprised. "Your brother, and your client, is in danger, and we don't know where she'd taken him. The woman who took him isn't stable, and we have the biggest resource available at our disposal, the public, and you don't want me to ask them for help?"

"Not yet, not until you've run out of options," Terry adamantly countered. "This man has tried to keep his private life private far too hard, for far too long for it to disappear overnight. Reveal what you want about the woman, but I won't let you bring media to this house, or touch Chad. Not until it's the last resort." She turned to Jo for support. "Right, Jo?"

Jo, though hesitant as hell, knew her brother, and knew Terry was right. He would hate it. "It's what he'd want."

"And did you say footage being streamed out of the house?" Terry finally asked, looking a little more than shocked. "You mean..."

"She was watching him like the last time?" Tom asked, and she nodded. "Yes. We think she's been watching him for at least a few weeks now."

"Holy shit."

Jo caught June's eye and tried to smile reassuringly. "What happens now?" she asked of Tom.

"We find the crumbs and follow it. Hopefully, the car will give us something." He pursed his lips thoughtfully. "Shall I order you, ladies, some dinner? It may be a long night."

"I couldn't." Jo shook her head. Chad was somewhere out there, alone, scared, and probably hungrier than she was. She couldn't possibly eat, even though her insides were twisting.

An alert sounded from one screen and caught their attention.

Tom turned to his technicians at the keyboard. "What was that?"

The IT technician was a young-looking thing. If it wasn't for his receding hairline, one might have thought him under twenty, or at least twenty-five. "We have the IP address, sir." He had a goofy grin that made Jo forget Tom for a tad moment, but only a tad moment.

Jo shook her head, blaming the raging hormones for the weakness. She stayed by Tom's side as June joined them by the bank of screens.

"Where is that?" Tom pointed at the pin on the map.

The Tech quickly typed something in a search engine none of the Jo and others saw an aerial picture of an apartment complex. The man, whose name badge read 'Baker', clicked the street view and soon all eyes were staring at a semi-modern apartment building.

"Looks like a unit on the third floor," Baker said.

Tom leaned against the desk and stared hard at the building's facade. "Location?" Jo tried to match his glare.

"Sydenham, I can send the address to patrols." Baker pulled up the schematics of the apartment in question within seconds. "A studio or a single bedroom unit leased out by Century House Realty."



"Find me the name on that lease. We need to confirm it's her before I send in the team." Tom grabbed his phone and dialled a number off by heart and stepped away from the women.

Jo stared at the schematics of the apartment, a few suburbs from Chad's Summer Hill home, the very house she was standing in. Her breath caught in her throat and her stomach clenched sickly, as she asked, "How long has she been out?" Her question was for Terry than anyone.

Baker glanced at Jo, and despite Tom's order to locate the name on the lease, he accessed police records on a Cassandra Micah and quickly scanned through what he could find. "She's been out of psych care for at least five months from what I can tell."

Terry drew a sharp breath in next to Jo. "Damn. That's around the time he told me he felt he was being watched. I chalked it up to being paranoid."

"But he wasn't being paranoid," Jo interjected, flushing red. "Not this time, Terry."

"No. Not this time." Terry sighed, guilty as charged.

"Well, do we have a name?" Tom rejoined them, and Baker quickly placed a call to the Century House Realty. When he hung up, they were all waiting.

"It's leased to a Betty Lane Rawlings," Baker answered.

"Who is Betty Lane Rawlings and why the hell is she watching Chad?" Jo burst.

Tom gently prodded Baker, before turning to Jo and her posse. "Hovering like this isn't helping anyone, Jo."

"But." A stern look from him made her stop.

Tom glanced at his watch, and she couldn't help but look at her own watch. It was almost ten at night. She watched him pinch the bridge of his nose and suggest, "Why not take June and go over to your mother's, Jo? It's not good for you to stress like this, and I'm sure June will not feel any more useful watching us work."

"I'm not going anywhere, not till you find him. And I'm not taking her to mum's." Jo shook her head and planted herself down on the sofa across from the table. She turned to June apologetically. "I'm sorry, but you turning up in this state, isn't a good idea."

"Marjorie will panic," he stated.

"Like a headless snake!" Jo cracked a slight smile, despite everything.

Jo watched Terry grabbed June, pacing behind Baker by the arm then walk her over to the sofa and force her down. "Sit." It almost made her laugh.

"Baker. Rawlings?" Tom turned to his colleague.

Jo rubbed her belly absently, trying to divert her mind from bad thoughts and the hunger despite having told Tom she couldn't possibly eat. "Rawlings sounds familiar, though."

"It does, doesn't it?" Terry perched her elegant ass on the wide sofa arm.

Then they saw Baker's jaw nearly hit the floor.

"What?" Jo and Terry asked in unison, and she couldn't help but gawk at the woman in surprise.

Before Baker could explain what had shocked him, another officer, half drenched from the pouring rain, stomped into the house, announcing he had the "Files," and produced a box labelled 'Micah-Gilligan Case files 2011-2013'.

Tom grabbed the box, set it on the edge of the table, and lifted the lid, bringing out the topmost folder to scan. Jo could see Baker stared at Tom as if waiting for the man's attention.

"Oh, for God's sake, spit it out!" Terry barked impatiently beside Jo. "What is it? Who is Rawlings?"

Tom's head snapped up, and he turned to Baker. "Well?"



"Betty is Betty Lane Rawlings-Micah," Baker spoke, carefully. "Seems she dropped her second husband's name after an ugly divorce and went back to Rawlings, her first husband's name."

"She is Cassie's mother?" June's voice crackled, dry and husky, and it made Jo jump.

"That's what her birth certificate says." Baker nodded.

The newly arrived officer, catching onto the progress, turned to Tom. "Is that a go on the apartment then, Detective Austin?"

Tom glanced from the file in his hand and the box in front of him to Baker's screen, no doubt at the birth certificate that seemed to have surprised them all. Jo saw him give a brisk nod. "I want a sit-rep as soon as you have them and eyes."

The officer nodded and rushed back out into the downpour, speaking into his radio as he went.

Jo turned back to Baker, intently eyeing this screen. "What about the traffic cams?"

'Yeah, what about the traffic cams? ' Jo wanted to reiterate. She was sick of sitting on the sofa so she pushed herself off and walked back to where Tom was, eyeing the grainy, low-resolution screen as 'the car' speed through a red light camera. Jo caught sight of the screen as the flash went off.

'Yeah, what about the traffic cams? "Can you access that photo? Let's see if it's who we think it is?" asked Tom.

"Can we?" Baker grinned, turning to two lackeys at his disposal. "Boys, one of you on the photo, if you please?"

Within minutes, the guy in the far corner raised his hand as if he were still in school. "I got it."

June joined them, curious to see this photo. Jo gave her arm a run as she came to stand beside her. They both turned to the red-light camera photo on the screen, zoomed. And there he was, in black and white, driving the car with a terrified look on his face, Chad. Beside him on the passenger seat sat Cassie, small and unassuming.

"When was this taken?" Tom asked.

The man looked at the time stamp on the corner of the image. "At 18:47 pm, Detective."

June glanced at her watch. "That's almost..."

"Two hours ago," Jo finished.

"Find out where that car went, now!" Tom jabbed a finger on the image. "We need that address for the team. I'm calling them off the apartment."

Jo grabbed his arm as he reached for his radio. "But that's where the signal is going."

He nodded. "But it's not where they went. The apartment's only a secondary crime scene. Techs will look after it." He shrugged her off and radioed in the change of address, and to approach the apartment only when the crime scene unit gets there.

"Where else could she take him?" June whispered off Baker's shoulder, eyes riveted on Chad's face.

Jo swallowed the fear that was rising up her throat, wondering the same thing.

"I want everything on Betty Lane Rawlings!" Tom barked as soon as he was off his radio. "I want to know who else she might know, who she might go to, who might help her."

To be honest, Jo wanted to know all those things too, pronto. But all she could do was standby and wait.

♡

The hour stretched into eons. The pizza Tom had ordered disappeared as quickly as it had arrived, except for the slices the women had barely touched. None of them could eat, despite being famished.

Three men, three determined search angles, and by the end, all it yielded was the fact Cassie was a single-child, married early and divorced her abusive husband within a couple of years. She'd miscarried twice, requiring hospitalization once, and that was when she'd had her first delusional episode. She was then relinquished to the care of her widowed mother, whose reliance on painkillers was not unnoticed. Betty Lane Rawlings, on the other hand, had a picture-perfect first marriage, except her husband, Cassie's father had died in a suspected suicide, leaving behind their only property in her name, a Federation-Era house in a sought-after area of Sydenham. A house which was minutes from Summer Hill, and Chad's house. It was still under Betty's name.

As he bit down on the last of his slice, Tom watched Baker plug in the address into a search engine and bring up a photo of an old house that could do with some love and care.

"It's the old lady's house?" he asked, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand.

Tom stared at the single-story house. Its red brick and elaborate veranda, with its multi-faceted roof, topped off with a terracotta chimney. He eyed the map on which they'd been highlighting the route the third car was taking. It was in the same heading as the house as far as he could tell. His eyes widened as his mind connected the dots.

"She took him to the house!" He slapped a hand down on the table. "She took him to the damn house!"



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





(Image by S. Hermann & F. Richter on Pixabay)

S. Hermann & F. Richter





29. Home, Sweet Home


For a moment, Chad had almost forgotten the phone under his legs, since the voice had gone quiet. In a rightful mind, he should have been panicking, trying to make certain the aide was still there, on the other end of the line, listening. In an ideal world, he would have gotten back to her already, giving as much information as he could about his situation. In an ideal world, he would not have walked up to his stalker who held a gun. But this wasn't an ideal world, and Chad wasn't an ideal anything.

He heard bangs and stomps of Cassie's feet as she threw things about in search of her 'proof'. What proof could she possibly have? He wondered.

What proof could she possibly have? "Sir? Are you still there? Are you okay? Sir?"

Chad's trance broke at the last word and he splayed his legs open and folded over the phone again. "Hi, yeah, I'm still here. She has me tied to a water heater in the garage. I'm not really going anywhere," he said, finding it slightly amusing. A man at the mercy of a petite woman he could have overpowered if the gun hadn't terrified him.

"Okay. Good. Keep her calm," the woman instructed. Her soothing voice was what he needed. "What's your name, sweetie? Can you tell me where she took you?"

He looked around the garage, at the lone light bulb too weak to light the room well. Plenty of shadows, but not much detail. "I don't know, and my name is Chad Gilligan. The woman holding me is Cassandra Micha. I have a restraining order against her."

Chad waited for a reply, helplessly thinking he probably sounded stupid. Didn't women usually have a restraining order out on men? The hair on the back of his neck stood when he heard a guttural scream from somewhere in the house, followed by a "Where the fuck is it?"

Whatever Cassie was looking for, she had no luck finding it, and that was not a sign of good things to come. He lowered himself further towards the phone as if the phone itself could save him. "She has a gun. Please. Help me."

"I need you to stay as calm as you can, okay, Chad? And stay on the line. I'm sending you help."

"Thank you!" he mumbled, his head reeling from the low angle. He shook it, sending pain rattling through his head. Everything suddenly compounded. His sense of smell got stronger and the stench of something rotten in the room whacked him hard, making him nauseous. He could hear the thrum of his pulse. His shoulders ached from being tied back and his hands were feeling numb. "I don't feel so good," he muttered once more, not sure if the person on the line heard or not.

"I'm sending an ambulance, Chad, bear with me."

"Who're you talking to?" Cassie's voice boomed above him in a crescendo. He jumped in fright. He hadn't even heard the floor creak this time.

"No one," he answered, trying to hide the phone again, but she'd already seen it.

Cassie eyed the phone between his legs suspiciously. He tried feebly to keep her from it, but she smacked his legs aside and grabbed the phone off the floor.

She glanced at the screen, at the call which was still connected. Rage flared in her eyes and she bellowed down the line. "Leave us alone, or I'll kill us both! I just want to talk, okay?" With that, she hurled the phone at the brick wall.

Chad watched with an equal amount of horror and shock as it shattered and with it his hope. It pushed him dangerously close to tears.

Cassie spun around, hovering over him with malice, her teeth gritted. "Why do you keep making me angry? You promised we could talk and work this out. Then why is it that every time I turn my back to you, you find another woman?" she screeched, thrusting the gun to his temple.

He held his breath, paralysed with fear, so much so that all bodily functions suspended, including his bladder. He felt warmth spread below him, soaking through the cushion, and he was glad she couldn't see it. Couldn't see the terror she was inflicting.



"Cassie," he mumbled, unsure he should speak. The look she gave him was enough. This was not the time for him to talk. It was a time to listen, to hold his tongue, and so he did.

The moment stretched longer than comfortable. The wait to hear a bang was killing him. What was she waiting for?

What was she waiting for? "What did you do with it?" her icy voice asked with an unusual calmness.

Do with what? He shook his head.

Do with what? "What did you do with it all, Zach?" Her gaze remained locked on his face, eyes tearing up despite being the one holding the gun. "Did you destroy them like you threatened to? What did you do? Burn all the photos, shred the certificate?"

"Certificate?" Chad dared to ask, his voice barely a whisper.

Cassie paced a pace of someone pondering a big decision. "You told them all of it was fake in court. I couldn't believe you would do that to me."

Had Chad any saliva left in his mouth, he would have swallowed it. She was talking about the fake marriage certificate, and the photos of her wedding, with her ex-husband, the photos she'd photoshopped Chad into. The ones he'd found in his apartment by surprise. She had been looking for them this whole time, the things the police had in evidence.

As much as he wanted to say 'They were fake,' he knew the time to get through to her was long gone. Tonight was ending in one of two ways. Either he would be rescued, with the police storming through that house to put her in handcuffs. Or, she would end it all for them both.

'They were fake,' "Cassie, I..." he began, not sure what he wanted to say.

"You've said enough." She held up a hand. Her frosty gaze drifted down to the red earth beneath her feet. "No one ever listens to me," she mumbled, kicking the dirt once with her shoes, sending a flurry of red across the garage. "Everyone thinks they know better." She kicked the dirt again. "They insist it's for my own good." Another kick. "They say, Cassie, take these, they'll help you with your mood. Cassie, take that." The dirt flew once more before she turned to him with a snarl.

"You know what I do with those stupid little pills?" She cocked her head, a wild smile spreading across her face. She pulled a large rusty tin from a rickety wooden shelf, half rotting on the wall, and tipped it in front of him, spilling its contents at his feet. One little bottle of anti-psychotic after another, months' worth of supply, all untouched, all under her name thudded at his feet.

"You stopped taking them." Chad flinched as she kicked a bottle. It rolled over between his legs, glaring up at him.

"Yeah. I stopped taking them, Zach. I stopped taking them a long time ago," she replied in a monotone. "No one tells me to take them anymore. Not even her!" She kicked at the hole she'd dug in the dirt with her shoe.

"Her?" Chad looked up, confused. Her who? Then he noticed a pale yellow material peek from below the dirt under her feet. The sight sent chills down his spine for the first time that night.

Her who? Her.

Her. This was not Cassie's first rodeo.

♡

With only Baker and one other technician left in the house, it was eerily silent for the first time that night, when June finally got herself to move. To seem like she was doing something. While Terry and Jo chatted by the front door, she walked up to the edge of the table, to where the box marked 'Micah vs. Gilligan' still sat. The lid open, inviting her to look.

She inched forward, peering over the rim at the folders and sealed evidence bags. It had been mere minutes since Tom and his officers had rushed out of the house, on what was hopefully a rescue mission. Moments before they'd left, Tom had rightfully assumed Cassie had taken Chad to her mum's house, and Baker had confirmed the address as the same one where the car had stopped.

They were probably converging on the house at that very moment. The wait was killing her.

Occasionally, Baker's police radio would go off and her anger would boil to the surface that she wasn't allowed to tag along. Alas, there was nothing to do, and she needed a distraction.

She reached into the box and pulled out a file, cautiously opening it, only to have Baker say, "You probably shouldn't do that..." but he did not take it off her, or confiscate the box.

She waited a moment for him to do something. Instead, he said, "Please don't tell anyone I let you go through it. I can lose my job. And definitely don't tamper with the sealed bags."

June scanned pages of a police report, not really reading it. A few words still jumped out at her: highly disturbed, delusional, volatile . She set the folder aside and reached for another when an evidence bag caught her attention. She fished it out and stared at a young smiling blonde with beautiful long hair cascading over her shoulders. Cassie . She was beaming as any radiant bride would be on her wedding day.

highly disturbed, delusional, volatile Cassie Baker wheeled himself over and peered at the photo too. "She looks normal," he whispered, nodding at the blushing bride, her arms slung over the shoulders of a dark-haired man in a sleek suit. "Is that Chad?"

June hadn't even noticed the man yet. She looked over at the unfamiliar face and shook her head. No, it wasn't Chad. She placed the bag down on the side of the table and reached for another one when it slid off the table and landed face down, revealing a near-identical photo stored back-to-back.

Baker picked it up and gasped, "They weren't kidding when they said she was bloody good with photoshop. This is flawless."

June stared at Chad's face, young and smiling, propped on the body of the actual groom flawlessly. He almost looked happy. It was a damn fine job.

Baker's phone and computer both sounded off an alert, and he wheeled himself back to his console, back to clacking on the keyboard. A moment later, he clicked on a recording, with a curious, "What do we have here?"

Chad's voice crackled through the speakers, "...my name is Chad Gilligan. The woman holding me is Cassandra Micha..."

"...my name is Chad Gilligan. The woman holding me is Cassandra Micha..." "What is that?" June was by his side immediately.

Baker paused the audio and plugged his headset in, giving her an apologetic look as he went back to listening to the audio.

She tapped his shoulder. He held up his hand for silence, jotting down details on a pad.

"Did I hear Chad's voice?" Jo and Terry were back by the table within moments. "Was that Chad?" Jo asked again, glancing desperately at June.

"He called triple zero," June answered in disbelief. "I thought he didn't have his phone on him?"

"He doesn't." Jo fished out a familiar black phone from her dress pocket to show. "I have it."

"Then how?"

The question hung in the air as Baker went about his job.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Thomas Wolter on Pixabay)

Thomas Wolter





30. Stray


"No siren on approach," Tom instructed through the earpiece, half expecting to hear, 'Copy that, Detective,' but Baker's voice crackled through the car radio. He turned the volume up as his partner brought the car to a crawling stop outside the Rawlings House and killed the lights. "He called triple zero?"

'Copy that, Detective,' "About ten minutes ago, until the call abruptly cut out. I had an alert set up on Chad and Cassie's name. Anything or anyone mentioning those names would pop up."

"And?" Tom spoke into the radio.

"The situation seems volatile in there, Tom. Cassie threatened to kill both if they're not left alone. He did manage to say she was holding him in the garage before the call cut out."

Tom eyed the quiet street as other patrol cars pulled up and cordoned off the street in silence. "We're outside now, proceeding with caution."

He stared at the partially gloomy house. The garage was a flimsy roller door. The veranda looked old and creaky. The chicken wire fence on either side of the house was rusty and short, something they could easily climb over without a hitch.

"I want to know if there's a window in the garage. Can we see inside?"

His partner nodded, relaying the instruction to their team starting to get out of their cars. "Hold positions. Going in for a recon."

"Copy that."

"Copy that." He slid out of the car, closed the door softly and ran light-footed towards the side of the garage. A moment later, he scrambled back to the car and slipped in. "A meter by a fifty-centimetre window, fairly high up. The light is on. They are definitely home. I heard voices."

Tom nodded. "If we storm, she might shoot."

"I agree. She was screaming just now, something about him getting rid of wedding photos."

Tom took off his jacket, slipped his gun out of its holster, and got rid of the holster all together, leaving nothing but his Kevlar under his shirt. With his hair swept to one side and a clean-shaven face, he could easily pass for a knock-on-door sales agent.

"I'm going to approach. Knock. See if she'll come to the door. Get men in position. See if we can sneak in through the back door while I distract her." He hid his gun in the back of his pant and started off.

"Is that a good idea?"

"Better than ramming in and startling her."

"All right." His partner reached for the radio.

Tom slowly approached the house. He watched a few armed officers jump over the rusty fence and disappear around the sides of the house quietly, while others assumed positions around the neighbouring fronts, guns aimed at the door.

Tom combed his hair with his hand one last time and approached the house with caution. "Going in, stand by. If I say 'nice to meet you', move in."

"Copy that," his earpiece crackled one last time before radio silence.

"Copy that," He could hear his heart hammering in his chest beneath the bullet-proof vest. His footsteps echoed on the cracked concrete pathway leading up to the house. The closer he got, the louder Cassie's voice got.

"You don't love me anymore!" she screamed.

He glanced around, noticing neighbours gathering in their front lawns. He waved them to get back. "Get those fools back, Devon," he said to his partner, sure Devon was listening to the two-way earpiece he was wearing.

Once Officers started pushing people back into their houses, Tom made his final approach.

He took a deep breath before heading up to the veranda, as loud as he could. He was the diversion after all for the men swarming the back yard.



A loud crack sounded upon his first step onto the veranda, and he hoped it got her attention. Here goes nothing. Another step, then another, and finally a loud knock on the front door. "Showtime."

Here goes nothing. Tom scanned the long corridor with a wide grin plastered on his face. "So your mum doesn't live here anymore?" he asked, satisfied the corridor went all the way to the back door. His men could hear this conversation over his earpiece. That bit of information would tell them only two people, Chad and Cassie, were in the house.

"I was hoping to see her again." He backed up out of the doorway, leaving a foot over the threshold. He caught the door handle as Cassie made a move to close it. "Thank you, I'll see myself out. Nice to meet you."

She lingered a moment, and Tom made a show of pulling the door shut, keeping his foot from letting the door latch close. Once he heard Cassie's footsteps retreat, saying, "Some salesperson looking for mum." He made his move.

He quietly pushed the front door open, wedging the nearest thing he could find, an aged newspaper bundle, beneath it. He moved like a ghost towards the garage door, towards the dull light spewing through its open archway. His gun pulled ahead of him. Just because she hadn't had a gun on her when she greeted him didn't mean she didn't have one on her person.

He saw the back door open quietly and his team slowly move in before he peered into the garage to assess the situation.

Cassie's back was to the door, and as Baker had informed, Chad was tied to an old water heater in the far corner, on the floor.

♡

"Let me go, please. You don't have to do this," Chad pleaded, tired and hungry, till something moving in the corner caught his eye. He glanced towards the movement to see a human standing on the other side of that wall, peering at him over the edge of the doorframe.

Tom met Chad's gaze and gave a brisk shake. Don't look. Chad attempted to nod, dropping his gaze to the floor, towards the bit of material under the dirt where she stood.

Don't look. "You don't really want me. No one wants me in their life, Cassie," he continued with a newfound exuberance. His effort to call triple zero had worked. Tom was here. Tom, the detective who'd made his sister deliriously happy until he left without a word. Under other circumstance, Chad knew he'd be angry at the man for leaving his sister pregnant and heartbroken, but all he could muster was a bucket load of gratitude and a desperate desire to hug the man to death.

"I'm a sloth. I don't clean up after myself." He looked up at her for the first time willingly, and without wanting to throw hurtful words. Her attention needed to stay on him more than ever as more heads appeared by the door. "I disappear for hours, if not days into my study, writing about people that don't exist. Nobody wants to compete with that. Believe me! The last woman I asked to marry me told me no to my face, in front of forty strangers and walked out, while I was still down on my knees. She knew better."

Cassie met his gaze with a shake of her head, and he was glad he had her full attention. "Oh yeah, she turned on her heels and sashayed out of the restaurant as fast as she could. And now she's getting married to some rich Indian bloke her parents fancy."

Cassie let out a laugh, even though she didn't want to. He could tell. It was working.

Tom was moving into the room, flanking her from behind, and Chad needed it to stay that way. "The only two women who can truly stand me are my mum and my sister, and they've been with me my whole life purely because they don't have a choice."

"And June?" she asked, with lips quivering and eyes brimming with hurt. "You have her in your life, so why not me?"

Tom continued moving behind Cassie, his footfalls silent on the dirt. The men were highly trained, and that was a relief at least. He cleared his throat, forcing a laugh out. He could see it intrigued her.



"June, the homeless girl I gave a room to?" He laughed again. Louder, hoping his laughter both continued to distract her and cover Tom and his partner, now well into the room, meters away from her.

"Please tell me you're joking, Cassie? The homeless girl?" Chad forced another laugh. What he was saying was making him feel sick and disgusted, but it was the only way he could think to distract her. "I met her at a park in the city and gave her a space to stay because Terry, my editor, told me to. You know my Editor."

Cassie nodded. "But I saw you with her!" she fired, not entirely convinced by his lies.

"Oh, that." He feigned embarrassment. "I'm a guy... and you shouldn't be spying on anyone, Cassie, especially when they are in that position." He shook his head in disapproval. Thankful June was not there to hear it all.

"I'm writing a book. She's my muse, and sometimes, you know how it is, two people spend enough time together. It was sex!" he stated, as Tom took a step closer to Cassie. "All for the love of the story. I'm a writer, Cassie. I use people. Obviously."

She considered this for a moment. "Your book isn't real?"

"You read it?" he asked. It confirmed she had taken his book, and he hadn't misplaced it. "Well, none of my books are real. They are all fiction. And please, can I have it back? It's the next novel." When Cassie cocked her head at him again, he said, "Did you think it was a diary?"

"It's just a story? You don't love her?"

He chuckled, shaking his head, his lips pursed hard against each other. There was no way he would say what he wanted to say out loud, which was 'Yes, I think I love her.' There was no way he would admit it to her, but he would not lie either. Thus, he shook his head. It seemed a more appropriate option.

He glanced desperately at Tom, wondering how much longer it would take.

"What are you looking at?" Cassie turned around, in time to see Tom launch himself at her, tackling her to the ground. Their two bodies collided with such force that they skidded on the dirt towards Chad's legs. Cassie, belly down under Tom, pinned.

She screamed. "Get off me. Get off me!" as Tom continued to pin her down while his men began moving into the garage, one by one. All four of them.

"She's not much to look at," one of them muttered, eyeing the tiny, supposedly dangerous figure.

She whipped around, faster than anything, and clamped down on Tom's forearm with her teeth. He wailed in pain, knocking her jaw with his other elbow to get her to release. She'd drawn blood, but in that time he'd gone to save himself, she'd wiggled out a bit and reach for her gun. A gun she pulled on him.

"Tom," Chad yelled, unable to move or help.

By the time she pulled the trigger, all four men were converging on the duo. Tom shielded his face with his arms. At that distance, it was probably futile.

Chad could hear the screams of "Put the gun down!" and the scrambling of feet on dirt, a click of the trigger, or two...

Who else was firing?

Who else was firing? Tom fell back on his back. Cassie started rising. Tom's partner, Devon, hurtled through the air to knock the woman sideways, sending her gun flying out of her grasp. Another Officer by Tom's side had his firearm out and aimed, recoiling ever so little from his shot.

"Don't shoot!" The voice startled everyone, and all heads swivelled back to Tom, including Cassie, as he propped up on his elbow, unharmed.

"What the?" Devon grumbled with his bear grip still around Cassie, sounding surprised that Tom was without a hole in his head. "You okay?"



Tom nodded, getting gloves out of his pockets. He put them on before reaching for the compact pistol Cassie had attempted to shoot him with. No one spoke except Cassie, who screamed and tried to free herself.

"Let me go!"

Tom opened the cylinder of the pistol and tipped it in his hand. He held the pistol up and peered through the empty cylinder and began laughing. "It's not loaded."

"Oh, man!" Devon started chuckling as he cuffed Cassie and pulled her to her feet. "You're lucky you'll only get charged with kidnapping and attempted murder, and not a murder of a cop."

The laughter continued, but Chad failed to catch on.

"Uh... guys?" he mumbled, trying to get their attention. "Don't mean to poop the party, but I'm going to need an ambulance." He eyed the gaping wound on his left thigh, the crimson blood pooling across his Chino, making him feel woozy. He didn't like blood, and there was nothing, not even the smell of rank tank water spewing all over him that could distract him from it.

The stray bullet fired by the Officer beside Tom had ricocheted off the tank, bursting it open, before embedding itself in Chad's leg. The only real bullet fired that night was from a police firearm. The irony of the situation was not lost on Chad.

"I thought I was gonna be shot by her!" he joked before welcoming the weightlessness that usually came with sighting blood.

"Damn," Tom heard the Officer responsible mutter as he holstered his gun. "I was going for her hand."

Chad came to as they marched Cassie out of sight, still yelling, "Let me go!" She attempted to bite Devon too as he pushed her towards the door. "Zach!" she continued screaming, "Is he okay?"

"What do you care? You were the one threatening to shoot him first." Devon roughly shoved her up the step and out into the corridor.

"Can't say you live a boring life, mate," Tom said with a smile as he tightened the tourniquet fashioned out of a belt around Chad's leg. "You're shot, but the bullet didn't go deep." He hit the heater beside Chad's soaked head. "She took the brunt of it. Lucky you, aye?"

"Lucky me." Chad nodded, glad the ordeal was over. "What happens now?"

Tom shrugged, moving Chad aside a little to get to his hands. He cut through the wire as he spoke. "Hospital for you, the goal for her, then I come back tomorrow and take your statement, or when you're ready."

Chad sighed, relieved at being able to move his arms finally. His wrists were raw and red, some parts of the skin split and bleeding. "Will she go away for a long while this time?"

Tom rose to his feet at the sound of the sirens approaching. "Based on what she did this time and the evidence we have, I should think she will."

Chad watched one officer pick up Cassie's gun off the ground and bag it. "That was empty the whole time?"

Tom laughed with a nod. "Next time, ask her to show you the bullets before letting her take you on a wringer."

"I must remember that!" Chad laughed. "Thank you for coming to get me, Tom," he mumbled as the paramedics wheeled in a gurney.

Tom patted Chad's leg, making him winch in pain, and stepped aside. "Don't go making a habit of this, and we're good."

Chad nodded, letting the paramedics do what they do. When they went to move him onto the gurney, he felt embarrassed and apologised. He wasn't exactly clean. "Not every day one gets a gun pulled on his head."

"Don't worry about it. We've seen worse." They strapped him in and began wheeling him towards the ancient roller door. Chad tried to find Tom, but he couldn't turn, not strapped to the gurney the way he was.

"Tom!" he called out instead.

"Yeah, mate." Tom leisurely strolled to his side as the roller door groaned open in protest.

"There's something under the dirt," he informed, welcoming the fresh air outside, cleaned by the recent rain. He took a deep breath. For a moment he had thought he'd never see the night through.

Tom watched the men hoist Chad into the ambulance before he turned back to the garage and slowly scanned the floor. A little pothole on the floor caught his eyes. A faded, yellow material, from a garment, peeked out a little from the disturbed dirt.

He took off his blood-stained gloves, reached in his pocket for a fresh pair only to discover he was out, and then brought out a pen instead. He slowly dug away some dirt from the material until he saw a sliver of decaying skin. "All right boys, move back. Don't touch a thing."

"What's going on?" Devon peered from the other end of the room where he was placing a marker next to the wire that had once tied Chad to the busted water heater. He and the others peered at the material Tom was staring at. "What is that?"

Tom stood slowly, "I will assume and say, the late Mrs Rawlings."

"Damn." Devon took a moment before seconding Tom's command. "All right, men, clear out. This is now a homicide."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Thomas Breher on Pixabay)

Thomas Breher





31. This is where we part


Two days later, Chad shuffled through the front door with the help of a cane, unsure how he felt, strolling back into the house. He scanned the corners of the room, on edge, frantic eyes darting all over the place.

"Don't worry, they removed them all," June said as if in answer to his unspoken question as she walked in behind him.

"What?"

"The cameras? That's what you were looking for, weren't you?" She smiled, trying to appear casual, even though the past two days had been anything but. Jo was secretly freaking out and had become an overbearing, protective sister he was not used to. June was treating him like a fragile thing she didn't want to break, and he didn't even want to start on his mother.

The only reason he'd agreed to Jo and June picking him up today was so Marjorie didn't need to. He couldn't handle her today.

and need Jo was taking her time parking her car, and it gave him a moment alone with June. It was their first moment alone since that morning with the Huntsman.

"How are you?" she asked, caressing his face.

"Look at you two!" Jo squealed, rushing in like a cheerleader they did not need. She threw her arms around them both, squeezing. "I can't get used to you two."

"Jo," Chad called her name as she continued to make ogle-eyes at them. "Jo!"

"What?"

"Let go. I'm tired and I feel filthy. I want to have a nice long shower and sleep in my bed."

She let go immediately, eyeing him up and down. By now, everyone knew Chad had had an 'accident' in a moment of weakness, and the word 'filthy' no doubt made Jo think back to when he'd pissed his pants.

He kissed the top of her head and gave June's hand a squeeze before heading up the stairs. "Make yourself at home."

♡

The women watched him climb, wincing with each movement of his injured leg. Jo sighed beside June. A rouge tear was rolling down her cheek, which she wiped away as if it never existed. The simple action fascinated June to no end. It was an odd thing the Gilligan family did. They cracked jokes like they were standup comedians; they drank like they were teens and alcohol was all the rage, and they hated showing anyone how they actually felt. They kind of reminded her of her dad in a way–he too refused to put his emotions on show. It wasn't dignified in his view.

"Dinner's at mum's tonight, and she expects everyone . Tom and I will pick you two up around five," Jo yelled loud enough for Chad to hear upstairs.

everyone "Yay!" Chad yelled back, less than enthused. "Can't wait!"

June had to smile at this. Even then, they weren't speaking what was on everybody's minds–Chad could have died that day if Cassie held a loaded gun and felt inclined to use it.

"Look after him?" Jo squeezed June into a hug where her belly made it a little awkward. "See you soon." With a last glance upstairs, Jo slipped out the front door.

June heard the shower turn on upstairs and with an enormous sigh, dropped on the couch. She had a shift later that afternoon she didn't want to go. She messaged Ben, 'Can't come in today. We just brought Chad home and I feel bad leaving him while he's injured. Sorry. Hope you understand.'

'Can't come in today. We just brought Chad home and I feel bad leaving him while he's injured. Sorry. Hope you understand.' 'Cool beans!' Came an instant reply.

'Cool beans!' Sometimes, June wondered why Ben had hired her. He had plenty of staff. He didn't mind whenever she flaked out, which had been far too often in the last week, and he didn't even fire her when didn't turn up to a shift at all. But she was thankful for the job. Maybe she could pick up extra shifts after things settled with Chad and her exams for the year finished. She hadn't even told Chad in the chaos that her exams were looming and she would prefer less drama for a bit. And perhaps taking it slow with their thing ?

thing

Tiredness swept over her body, and she sunk further into the sofa. Maybe tomorrow they could have a heart to heart chat, see if things could go anywhere, if it was going anywhere. She did not want him to think she was using him. Her heart made a brief flutter, and she smiled. She'd worried about him lately, a little fact that told her she cared for the guy, despite their age difference. She wanted more.

The sound of the shower lulled her into sleep, and she curled up on the sofa, purring. A faint smile playing on her lips.

The loud knock on the front door sent her shooting off the couch, only to stub her toe on the coffee table. She swiped the droll off her face, tidied her hair and straightened her skirt before approaching the door. When she opened it, it was none other than Detective Austin standing in front of the door with a lopsided smile already plastered on his handsome face.

"Tom? What are you doing here already? If you're looking for Jo, she already went home to rest."

Tom shook his head. "Did I wake you?"

"No... yeah, I kind of dozed off. Do you want to come in?"

"I better not. Jo's in the car." He handed her a leather-bound book with a quick glance behind him. "We have a scan today, and I want to see the little fella."

"What's this?" She studied the book.

"It's Chad's, the one Cassie nicked," he informed, rushed by a loud honk. "I figured he'd like it back and not sitting forever in evidence. We have plenty of other things to tie her in this."

"Terry asked you, didn't she?" June laughed. She knew Terry as someone who intimidated the men around her. She didn't blame them. She felt intimidated too. Terry somehow made her feel like she needed to pull up her socks, tuck her shirt in, hitch the hemline down to an appropriate length, and make sure her hair was tidy.

Tom chuckled.

"Thanks. I'm sure he'll be glad to have it back."

Another honk sent Tom retracing his steps back up the path. "See you tonight then?"

"See you tonight! And have fun meeting your baby!" June called out before closing the door.

June had heard a lot about the book in the past week, often from Terry telling Tom how important it was that Chad got it back. From the snippets of conversation she'd heard, Tom and Terry had often hinted that it was the figurative straw that broke Cassie's back, causing her to lose her shit the way she did.

June caressed the smooth leather, her hand running over the writing scribbled at the bottom: Property of Chad Gilligan . In one of the worst handwriting she had ever seen. To think it belonged to an adult was odd. She was, however, curious about the story, even tempted to take a peek at the first page as she climbed the stairs. The few books of his she had read had been great, to her surprise. He was a charming writer who kind of made her feel love was possible, real love, the kinds that Shakespeare wrote about.

Property of Chad Gilligan I'm sure this is great too . She could no longer hear the shower in the bathroom, and the door was wide open. He was already out. Eager to see that infectious smile on his face when she handed her his book, safe and sound, she knocked on his bedroom door.

I'm sure this is great too "Chad?" She walked in to find him fast asleep. She watched him for a moment, mouth open wide, eyes flickering behind his eyelids, dreaming. It was a relief to see him safe.

She sauntered back downstairs with the book in hand with a mind to leave it on his desk. Surprise him that way.

June was so lost in her thoughts she did not see she was walking into the corner of a table leg yet again. The same toe took the hit, and the book flew out of her hands, splaying open on the floor as she hopped about, toe clasped in hand. "Ow. Ow."



When she hobbled over to pick up the book, something caught her eye. Someone had used a red pen to strike out a name, and above it, scrawled another, as if correcting a mistake. One name crossed out, and another replaced it over the two pages, repeatedly. The name crossed out was, June . The name scrawled above it: Cassie .

June Cassie "What the hell?" She picked up the book and flipped through several more pages, noting the same pattern. June crossed out. Cassie scrawled in.

June Cassie She flipped the book to the very first page and saw a titled scribbled in Chad's writing: For June, written by Zachary Eve.

For June, written by Zachary Eve. Again, 'June' crossed out in angry red and 'Cassie' scrawled in.

June's stomach lurched, threatening to throw up her breakfast. She could no longer refrain from reading what was clearly for Chad's eyes only.

Why is he writing about me? She pulled up a chair, sat down and began reading.

Why is he writing about me? All but three months ago, he lost his ability to write. Not physical, like losing a limb. Nor had he suffered a stroke that debilitated his body and therefore made it impossible for him to write. No. Chad Gilligan was fine, as fine as someone his age that lived on coffee and no sleep could be. It was his damn heart.

All but three months ago, he lost his ability to write. Not physical, like losing a limb. Nor had he suffered a stroke that debilitated his body and therefore made it impossible for him to write. No. Chad Gilligan was fine, as fine as someone his age that lived on coffee and no sleep could be. It was his damn heart. Three months ago, Chad was dumped. Cast aside like a used condom. Not something he wanted to admit out loud, but it had messed with him, bad.

Three months ago, Chad was dumped. Cast aside like a used condom. Not something he wanted to admit out loud, but it had messed with him, bad. ┋

"What?" she barked. "Does the ground have your name on it or the seat? I thought the park belongs to the public, and I am fucking public!" she shouted, hot and angry. She picked up her belongings from under the seat, a simple backpack and a small duffel bag, and walked away muttering loud enough for him to hear. "Mine, mine, mine. Everything is fucking yours. Why don't you declare oxygen belongs to your lot too already? Selfish prick!"

"What?" she barked. "Does the ground have your name on it or the seat? I thought the park belongs to the public, and I am fucking public!" she shouted, hot and angry. She picked up her belongings from under the seat, a simple backpack and a small duffel bag, and walked away muttering loud enough for him to hear. "Mine, mine, mine. Everything is fucking yours. Why don't you declare oxygen belongs to your lot too already? Selfish prick!" ┋

"You were kind, Chad," June Cassie said his name reverently, and it sent his cheeks flushing red hot. "We don't get kindness in such abundance, and he doesn't know how to thank you for the past week."

"You were kind, Chad," June Cassie said his name reverently, and it sent his cheeks flushing red hot. "We don't get kindness in such abundance, and he doesn't know how to thank you for the past week." "I only did it for two reasons." He shifted his weight uncomfortably. "He could do with breakfast, and I hoped he'd show me where you were."

"I only did it for two reasons." He shifted his weight uncomfortably. "He could do with breakfast, and I hoped he'd show me where you were." She smiled. "Which was very kind of you."

She smiled. "Which was very kind of you." ┋

"They seem so angry..." She sighed, looking around them, anywhere but Chad.

"They seem so angry..." She sighed, looking around them, anywhere but Chad. "Let them stare if they must." He rose with his attention solely on her. "Let's get you out of here."

"Let them stare if they must." He rose with his attention solely on her. "Let's get you out of here." "And go where? Where will you take me?" There was a hint of panic in her tone. "I don't need you to take care of me. That's not why I'm here. I lost someone I cared about..." she struggled with her words. "I needed to see..."

"And go where? Where will you take me?" There was a hint of panic in her tone. "I don't need you to take care of me. That's not why I'm here. I lost someone I cared about..." she struggled with her words. "I needed to see..." "A friend." He stepped a little closer. His voice tender, "I know."

"A friend." He stepped a little closer. His voice tender, "I know." ┋

"After all you've done for me, a little white lie couldn't go amiss." She rubbed his arms as a consolation. He hated it. It felt like he was being friend-zoned. Really friend-zoned.

"After all you've done for me, a little white lie couldn't go amiss." She rubbed his arms as a consolation. He hated it. It felt like he was being friend-zoned. Really friend-zoned. She straightened his shirt out and grabbed his collar with both hands. Her eyes sparkled as she looked into his. "You should really kiss me right now!"

She straightened his shirt out and grabbed his collar with both hands. Her eyes sparkled as she looked into his. "You should really kiss me right now!" "What?"

"What?" June's Cassie's gaze darted towards the house behind him. "Your dad's still watching us. A kiss would really sell the story."

June's Cassie's gaze darted towards the house behind him. "Your dad's still watching us. A kiss would really sell the story."

♡

The more June read, the more she didn't want to read, but there was nothing to stop her. Everything from the moment she'd met Chad, till the outing with Ben and the boys was there. What else was in it? She needed to know. She needed to know how much of what she'd gone through, of their time together had been for the damn book.

What else was in it? Is this what he thinks of me? Her mind kept churning. Is this what I am to him, a homeless girl he saved for his book?

Is this what he thinks of me? Is this what I am to him, a homeless girl he saved for his book? Tears rolled down her eyes as she sat in the quiet. The book closed in front of her. Her heart in a million little pieces she never thought possible. And she had thought it was love. The real thing . What a fool she had been.

The real thing She didn't notice Chad heading down till it was too late to run away and never return.

"June, what are you doing there by yourself?" Chad groaned as he climbed down the last step. "You okay?"

She turned her tear-streaked face to him and pushed the book over the table. "So this is what it was about, the book... from the beginning. And here I was, stupid enough to think..." She pushed off the chair, angry at herself for having feelings. She eyed the book with disdain, as if touching it singed her hands. "I don't know what I thought, but not this. Good luck with it. I'm sure your fans will love it once you finish it, as usual."

the book... "June." He grabbed her hand. She slapped it away.

"Don't, don't."

"It's not what this looks like."

"No?"

Chad shook his head. Of all the times to lose words, this was not it. Or maybe he didn't have a good excuse.

Or maybe he didn't have a good excuse. "You mean you didn't come to find me in the park and strike up a conversation 'cause, Terry told you to, as material for your book?" She grabbed the book and flipped through, enraged. "You didn't find a girl to write about, this damsel you could save, like some pathetic knight? You even wrote about Bax's accident in here?"

She thrust the book into his chest hard, sending him off balance. "He was my friend!"

"Everything is in there, Chad. Everything since we met. We even had sex the other day. Are you going to write about that too? Was I any good because I'm off the streets?"

She grabbed her stomach, feeling ill. The thought of it having been fuel his book revolted her, repulsed her; made her skin crawl. "Is that all I am to you, a character in your damn book? What happens when you finish it? Do I get kicked out once you're done with me?"

"June." Chad tried to reach for her again and she slunk away from his touch. "It began as an exercise, like a diary to get out of my writing rut."

"I don't believe you."

"Please, believe me. I never wanted to hurt you. I swear. I love..."

"Stop." She held her hand up. "Stop. Before you say something you will regret."

"June."

She stared at the book in his hand. "Cassie had the right idea to change the name." She grabbed her handbag from the lounge as Jo's headlights pulled into the driveway on time. "Your ride is here. Don't wait up." Without a glance back, she left with the door open wide, walking straight past a stunned Jo who was asking her, 'Where are you going?'

♡

Jo stepped into the house, eyeing her brother. "Where is she going?" she asked before she noticed the book in his hand. "She read it, didn't she?"

"How did you?" Chad looked up at her, surprised.

"Know?"

He nodded.

"Terry told me what you were writing," she answered. "How could you be such a fool?"

"I never meant her to find out this way."

"You were going to tell her?"

Chad nodded. "Soon."

"Well, didn't you royally fuck up, then?" She moved further into the room and gently rubbed his arm. "She'll be back, and when she is, you can do this the way you should have done from the beginning, with her consent."

"What if she doesn't come back?" He eyed Jo, worry scribbled all over his face.

"Where else would she go?" Jo scanned the door, even though the same thought ran through both their minds.

"She could always go back..." Chad, unable to finish the sentence–to the street– "Shall we go to mum's?"

"It's a rehearsal dinner, Chad. What are you going to say when she asks about June?"

"That we broke up?"

Jo scoffed. "Fake relationships have breakups too?"

"Let's get this over with." Chad moved towards the door. "She knows I'm a fuckup. She'll believe it."

"And dad?" Jo followed him out the door.

"As long as there is a bum on that paid seat, he won't care. Right?"

"Are you talking about tonight or the wedding?"

Chad didn't answer the question. Part of him hoped his gut feeling was wrong. Part of him wanted to stay home tonight and wait for June, but he couldn't break his mother's hopeful heart either. He hoped June would be there, furious, but there when he got back.

They dropped Chad off around midnight, and as soon as his feet hit the ground, he ran into the house yelling out, "June?" He moved through the gloomy house in search of her, even when his gut was telling him she was not there.

Grasping onto the last shred of hope that she may be in her room, asleep or trying to at least, he hobbled up the stairs.

He didn't need to step into her room to know it was empty. The wide-open door grinned at him like a rival, revelling in his loss. Everything that was hers, her clothes, her books, were all gone. Everything except the empty photo frame she no longer needed, because a woman who loved him and wanted him had taken it from her.

There was, however, a note on the bed in his name. With his heart clenching in fear, he picked it up. It was brisk and to the point, like a severe punch in the guts, and it hurt.

This is where we part, Chad.

This is where we part, Chad. Nothing more, nothing less.

She was gone.

She was gone. Chad crumpled to the foot at the foot of her bed and cried. His heart in a million pieces, all screaming at him, ' What the hell have you done?'

What the hell have you done?'

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by S. Hermann & F. Richter on Pixabay)

S. Hermann & F. Richter





32. Best darn ending


Terry's assistant, Minsi, popped her head in through the door after a brief knock. "He's here, Terry."

"Send him in."

A moment after the assistant disappeared, Chad walked in as if he were walking into a funeral. He still had a slight hobble despite it having been two weeks if not more since the 'incident'. No one used the word 'kidnapped'.

He slunk down like a wet cat on the chair opposite her, placing the fat leather-bound journal on the edge of Terry's desk.

"What the hell is wrong with you? A girl broke up with you, she did not kill your cat!" Terry barked at him. No hello. No how are you. Straight into the meat of it, like she always did.

"You may as well rip the contract. I can't do it anymore."

She leaned back in her chair and stared at the pathetic mess he was. "I got you a year," she said. When Chad looked surprised, she smiled. "Considering recent events, we couldn't say no, and your readers have plenty of other books to catch up on, or reread. Plus, I gave the higher-ups a brief pitch of your story, and they love it. So we want it. Now, all you gotta do is finish it."

"I can't."

"You can, and you will. She already knows you used her."

"I did not use her."

"You used her, mate. Own up to it." Terry rose from her seat and walked around the desk towards him. "Did you mess up? Yes. Should you have told her from the beginning? Yes. Should you throw away a bloody good story because you didn't get to have your cake and eat it too? Hell no!"

She slammed the journal sitting on her desk. "It's good, Chad. Yeah, you took more from life than you're used to, but that makes it so good, so fresh, so... raw, and so needed. Your stories were getting a little stale. They were getting too good to believe, too mushy. This one got you by the balls, didn't it? Surprised you? You fell in love and the woman you fell in love with left you, not because she doesn't love you, I suspect she does, but she left because you were an ass who lied to her from the beginning."

She grabbed Chad's face in her hands and squeezed it between her palms. "So write the best darn apology you can. Write the ending you want. Win her back. She'll read it, I swear to you."

"And if she doesn't?" He pulled his face out of her grip.

She smiled like a person who knew things. Chad hated it when she did that. It made him feel clueless sometimes. "You wrote a story about her." She walked back to her seat and sat down, grinning. "Like a giant love letter. What woman wouldn't read it, knowing you wrote it for her?"

for Terry pushed the book back to him. "Write the best darn ending you have ever written. Leave the rest to me. Now go. Work your magic."

Chad smiled, feeling a huge weight lift off his chest. He hoped she was right. If there was even a faint change June would pick up a copy and read it at least once and know how he felt, even if she didn't come back, it was a chance he would take.

"All right. I'll do it." He grabbed his copy and headed out.

"Oh, and Chad?"

"Yeah?"

"Just because you got a year, don't take it. And change all the names when you type it up, so we don't get sued." She waved him off with an encouraging wink, done coddling.

Chad stared at the title he'd scribbled in as he walked out of her office. He'd crossed 'Cassie' out with a blue pen and re scribbled 'June' back in. "What shall I call you then?"

He walked into the lift as Minsi called out, "See you next time, Chad."

He wedged an arm between the doors and hovered out of the lift. "Hey Minsi, what's a nice girl's name?"



Minsi, who reminded him of June a little in her look, looked up from her computer with a grin. "I like Fay."

"Fay." It had a nice ring to it. He waved her goodbye with a smile and boarded the lift.

♡

"Thanks for coming." Chad leaned in to Terry, whispering as they stood on the freezing cold beach despite it being November.

"Not like you often ask for favours," Terry replied sarcastically, only to see his face fall in disappointment. "Oh, lighten up, will you? Your parents are getting married for fuck's sake." She nudged him with her elbow. "I like the new title and the pages are coming along. How are you typing it so fast? I thought you were still writing the ending?"

He smiled, eyeing the back of Jo's head ahead of them, with Tom beside her. "Jo."

"Can we change my name though, to something softer? To something that doesn't elicit fear?"

"Lighten up, will you, Terry?" Chad laughed. "You're stuck with the name. It's my book. Be glad I don't use your real one."

"But Petra? Come on, Chad. You can do better than that? Do I look like a Petra to you?" she huffed, holding out her arms in a look-at-me way.

Chad nodded, he'd chosen the name Petra because it was the closest thing he could think of to petrifying, but she had a point. Terry was more than a Petra, but he wasn't about to tell her that. "Fine, suggest something else then."

more Marjorie fired them a disapproving look from the altar. Terry straightened in response, whispering, "I'll think on it."

Jo turned with a hiss. "Honestly you two... Shut up."

"Why, who are we disturbing?" Chad fired back, eyeing the gathering of five. Jo and Tom, Chad and Terry, and one random neighbour mum had befriended last year.

Jo shrugged. He was right. Besides, the wind was howling so hard they could hardly hear the vows being exchanged anyway, and she doubted her mum could hear them either. "So, are you going to Setal's wedding next month?" she asked, leaning back with gaze fixed on the parents.

"I thought you wanted me to shush," Chad replied.

Jo eyed him.

Terry turned to Chad. "I almost forgot she invited you."

"It's even in the book, Terry. How could you forget?"

She shrugged.

"Well. Are you going?" Jo asked, smiling at mum whose eyes were growing big in annoyance.

Chad shook his head. "June was supposed to be my date. How about you? You're the actual friend. Are you going?"

Jo shook her head too. "Not after the scare. I'm bedridden after tonight. I don't want to go, anyway. I haven't talked to her since you two broke up."

That's right, thought Chad. He'd almost forgotten Jo had a little scare with her pregnancy last week, and she'd ended up being observed overnight in a hospital. He didn't blame her for taking off work early or skipping a hectic Indian wedding. She was the reason his book was being typed fast.

Jo had been coming over every morning to his house under the ruse of boredom and needing company once Tom left for work. It had been her thinly veiled attempt to check on him. She'd sit typing his story as he continued writing the rest of it on loose leaves. He loved he had her to help with the type up.

"You should go and bring me the goss," Jo grinned, her eyebrows dancing as their parents sealed their vow-renewal with a kiss. "Yay. Go you two."

She leaned back again and hissed, "Bring me the goss!" Then she rushed off to hug the oldies and congratulate them.



As Chad and Terry moved towards the newly renewed couple, he asked her if she could be his date again.

"Not unless you want me to bitch slap the girl," Terry fired back one moment, and next moment was hugging Marjorie and Jackson with gushes of "Congratulations!"

Chad could picture Terry landing a severe one on the poor girl. "Best not to tempt her," he mumbled and moved in on the couple with his own gushing.

♡

Chad realised too late that sitting between Jo and Terry at the restaurant was a terrible idea.

"You should totally go!" Jo urged, slapping a serving of potato salad on her plate.

"I'm not showing up to her wedding alone," he bit back, grabbing a piece of bruschetta from the shared plate.

"Take Terry!"

"That's a no for me," Terry chimed in, sipping her Mojito with relish.

"Hence, let it go and enjoy this wedding." He smiled. "At least now we'll know when to abandon ship if it sinks."

this Jo poked him in the side with a disapproving glance. "Don't be an ass. Look how happy she looks."

Chad had never seen their mother happier. Marjorie was glancing at them in between brief kisses with Jackson. "She does, doesn't she?"

Jo nodded. "So be happy for her."

"I am." He reached into his jacket's pocket and pulled out an envelope. He passed it onto mum. "This is from the two of us, for the two of you."

Marjorie beamed, while saying, "You shouldn't have," and grabbed the envelope. Inside were a wedding card and a contact number for a travel agent. She eyed Chad. "What is this?"

"Choose a place anywhere in the world, and she'll look after you. All expenses paid." He smiled and was surprised when teary-eyed Jackson stood up and shook his hand.

"Uh... we know you didn't get to go on a honeymoon the first time, and mum's never travelled. So, Jo and I thought you could take her anywhere she wants, as long as she wants. Will you do that, dad?"

Jackson nodded, reaching over the table in an unusual show of affection, kissing their cheeks before he sat down.

"It was my idea," Jo piped, "but Chad's the money bag out of the two, so I only helped a little."

"It's a wonderful gift, you two. Thank you!" Marjorie blew them kisses across the table.

Chad took Jo's hand in his and gave it a squeeze, whispering, "I wish you wouldn't do that. You work hard too."

Jo smiled. "Maybe you'll send me on a holiday one day then, for giving you a niece?"

"If you behave, maybe?" Chad laughed as the mains arrived. "And if she is super cute."

"She will be super cute. She'll take after me!" Jo nudged his leg.

Chad studied his sister a moment, pulling a face. He got a smack on the arm for that. He kissed the side of her head and returned to the feast before him.

"To Marjorie and Jackson." Tom raised a toast. "May it stick this time!" He grinned, eliciting a rumble of laughter around the table.

"May it stick!" They clinked their glasses and took thirsty sips.

"Now, let's eat." Jackson passed the bowl of pasta around.

It was the most wholesome family dinner Chad could remember having. It would have been better yet if that ache in his heart would go away, for a little while at least. He'd never missed someone as much as he missed June at that moment, surrounded by laughter and family. And love. So much love it made him feel sick with jealousy.

Marjorie and Jackson, as odd as they were.

Jo and Tom, as cute as they were.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by bridgesward on Pixabay)

bridgesward





33. Flight of fancy


Chad had gone into hibernation in the weeks since their parents' wedding, or re-wedding as he liked to refer to it. He was desperate to finish the book. So close to finishing it, that he even forced Jo to leave him alone. He didn't need her constant yammering at his desk as she typed. Asking a million and one questions, like: did this really happen, Chad? Oh, I didn't know my brother had a heart. Since when? Why are you so mushy? Were you always so mushy? Or his favourite: how are you even a romance writer, mate? You suck at relationships. Always have.

did this really happen, Chad? Oh, I didn't know my brother had a heart. Since when? Why are you so mushy? Were you always so mushy? how are you even a romance writer, mate? You suck at relationships. Always have. It was when he'd thrown his pen and notepad to the floor and frog-marched her out the door. "I don't need this right now, woman! Go annoy Tom or something."

"Tom's at work!" She'd protested, holding onto the door frame like a drowning man might hold on to a tree trunk floating past.

"I can't write with you and your million questions."

"I won't ask any then." She had grinned at him, "And I still have another chapter or two to type," she'd said as she pulled at the door frame with him still attempting to dispel her from his house. "I want to know what happens next!"

"You know what happens next, Jo. She leaves!" He had then pried her fingers off of his threshold. "Go home and leave me alone for a week so I can finish this thing. Then you can come back and find out what happened."

"Fine." She'd let go of the door without warning and the force of Chad still pushing her had sent her flying off backwards. He had to scramble to grab her hand before she landed on her bottom. She'd brushed him off. "Make it a happy ending."

"Why?"

She'd shrugged. "It's your signature. Love stories and happy endings. Your book ' Chad' deserves it."

Chad' "It's a placeholder until I find a better name for myself," he'd mumbled in embarrassment.

"Good, 'cause your name's kind of dorky." She had smiled as she'd said it. "Now get me my handbag if you want me to leave. My license's in there."

Chad had marched back into the study and fetched her bag. "What if I never get my happy ending?"

Jo had chewed her lip, looking a little guilty. Ever since the kidnapping, Tom was back in her life and things were going well. Great, even. Chad could tell she was head over heels in love and for the first time in her life, maybe even wishing to walk down the aisle in a manner of speaking.

"Go write her an ending she can't resist." Jo had lingered on in the hopes he would let her back in, jingling her car keys. Chad had refused to budge. "Call me when you're done." Then she'd left.

He had watched her back the car out of the driveway and he had the house all to himself. Quiet and lonely, the way it had been before he'd met June. The quiet irked him, giving him the urge to run out the door, and go anywhere to avoid his loneliness. But running away would not write the story for him. So he had turned on the TV for white noise and headed straight to the study. He would not come out until he had finished the damn ending June couldn't 'resist'.

Piles of paper, sheaves of notepads, pens upon pens drained of ink, mountains of fizzy drinks and too many Gin&Tonic, over multiple days later, Chad thought he had it, the perfect ending to an imperfect story that was his life.

'A darn good ending' , as Terry would call it.

'A darn good ending' An ending he wished was the actual beginning to something special in his life. An ending he hoped June would be curious enough to read. Never in his life had he written thousands of words for one reader. It was an odd feeling, like a man about to say 'I love you' for the first time in his life and he had no clue if the other person felt the same. An infinitesimal part of him hoped she felt the same. But an enormous part of him doubted it.



He looked around the room. At the littered ground, where a tsunami of scrunched up paper and discarded bodies of soda lay.

He looked down at himself next, wearing a faded t-shirt he should have thrown out years ago and his boxer shorts. He couldn't remember the last time he'd showered, or shaved, or even changed clothes. He grabbed the front of his t-shirt and gave it a sniff, reeling back from the smell.

He eyed the mess about the room. In his other hand, he still held the bundle of papers that were the last two chapters of his newest book, 'for June', or rather 'for Fay'. A semi-closure if he could ever get one most likely.

"You need a shower!" He heard a voice from the doorway and turned, half-hoping, half-dreading that it was yet another hallucination thrown up by his sleep-deprived, sugar-high, caffeinated to the last drop of blood, self.

She eyed the mess with a disapproving shake of her head. "You need help, Chad."

He nodded. "Yeah, I know." He blinked his eyes, surprised she hadn't vanished.

"It's filthy." She glanced at his t-shirt.

He nodded again and scrambled to his desk, placed the finished chapters in the journal, and went about picking up the rubbish off the floor, too scared to check the figure standing by the door.

"I'll clean it up. You'll see. It'll take a moment." He piled more paper in the makeshift hammock of his t-shirt, nervously glancing back at the door despite himself. "I'm so glad you're back, June." But the doorway was empty once again. He scoffed, aware that he'd made a fool of himself to no one. She'd been another figment of his imagination again, for the umpteenth time.

It was the ringing doorbell that sent him jumping about and the piles of paper and numerous cans he held in his t-shirt falling back to the floor like odd confetti he threw up. He whipped around and eyed the clock on the wall. It was almost five o'clock in the afternoon. What day? He wasn't sure.

The bell rang again.

"Who is that?" He inched to the front door, avoiding some old creaky floorboard in case it was some salesperson. He didn't want to give it away that someone was home. Then he peeked through the recently installed eye-hole and jumped back in fright. "What is she doing here?" he grumbled, looking through the peephole again.

Yup. It was her. He was not dreaming this time. It was June, standing outside his door looking impatient, the way she kept glancing at the window or the balcony above her head.

Yup. It was her. She pressed the bell again. "Chad. Open the door. I can hear you behind the door. I know you're there. Open it or I walk away right now and you'll never see me again."

A flutter of butterflies kicked his belly in an uproar. He was filthy, sleep-deprived, and jumped up on too much caffeine. What he needed was a shower, food, and sleep before she should see him. His house was a bigger mess yet, and to be honest, he didn't want her to see either of them in their states of falling apart. But he didn't want her to leave either. He rushed back to close the study door and hide the mess. He then rushed into the laundry to salvage older clothes that didn't smell as bad as the ones he was wearing.

Once changed into something a little fresher, he ran to the kitchen, found his mouth freshener in the bottom drawer, and gave a few enthusiastic sprays into his mouth–not that he was expecting to kiss her anytime soon. He pushed the tower of empty pizza boxes still sitting on the benchtop to the floor of the kitchen as he rushed back to the front door.

By the time he was opening the door, true to her words, she was walking away.

"June?" he called, his voice hoarse and dry. It was the first time he was speaking in days other than mumbling to himself.



She turned and scanned him from head to toe. Then without a word, walked past him, stopped to wrinkle her nose at his stench briefly, and entered the house.

She stood there, dressed in a gorgeous yellow cocktail dress that complimented her light tan. Her hair was in elegantly styled into waves and swept to one side. She even had bright, dewy makeup on her face. In her hand, she held a nude clutch, and her heels clicked on the wooden floor. Chad had never seen her in heels. In fact, he had never seen her looking as beautiful and done up before. It wasn't like her.

"What are you doing here?" he asked, despite himself.

"The wedding," she replied with disinterest as she scanned the house. Very little had changed in the month and a half since she'd left. "And I hope to God, you're not going like that. Even Bax would be embarrassed for you."

for "What wedding?" he asked, still not catching on.

"Your ex?... You forgot, didn't you?" She laughed as she turned back to him. Her expression was neither surprise nor shock. "Why did I bother to turn up here like this?" She shook her head in that regretful manner, eyeing the front door, and Chad who stood between her and it.

"Is that today?" Embarrassed that he was a walking garbage bin with a memory of a goldfish, Chad rushed to the fridge and eyed the calendar. He had marked 'Shit's wedding' with a bright red pen on it.

"You truly let yourself go." June let out a whistle upon seeing the cascade of pizza boxes on the kitchen floor.

"Yeah... I was busy, and I haven't cleaned up. I was starting to when you rang the bell," he finished, eyeing her, unable to help himself. "You look stunning."

When she didn't engage him in that conversation, he moved past her towards the stairs. "So you came to?" He couldn't find the words to ask her why she was here.

"You mean, why am I here? Looking like this?" she volunteered.

He nodded. Exactly .

Exactly "I made a promise, Chad. Despite everything, you did save my life, so it's time for me to return the favour."

The look of confusion remained on his face. What favour? She'd already done him plenty of favours, namely saving him from looking like a loser in front of his judgmental father who'd popped back in their lives after going AWOL for years.

"I'm here to go to this stupid thing and pretend to be your..." She bit her tongue, hesitating, "... girlfriend, for one night. But I have terms. No kissing. Don't touch me, don't hug me, don't even look at me until we get there. Then, all you get is one kiss from me, on your cheek where Setal can see it, and you may hold my hand when we approach them to say congratulations. After that, no touching. Then at the end of the night, I go my way, you go yours. Understood?"

Chad nodded. Understood. Perfectly understood . He was being punished, and it was a good punishment at that. Well deserved.

Understood. Perfectly understood "Well? Are you going to go get ready, or do I have to wait for Cinderella all night?"

"Right," he mumbled, still stunned from the terms. "Go get ready. Got it. Be right back." He rushed upstairs, heart skittering, no thanks to sugar and caffeine overload. He pinched himself and flinched at the pain. It was real, and if the pain was real. She was real and waiting for him downstairs, looking like a heartbreaker. Real and unhappy.

Real and unhappy. This would be an interesting night. Painful, but interesting, and he would get to spend time with her, ever under her terms. It was better than nothing, and he'd take anything over nothing.

He dashed into the shower with a smile, daring to scheme up ways to win her back, or at least, her trust.

♡

Chad remembered something before they left the house, and rushed back upstairs, profusely apologizing that he would not take long. June heard him running down the upstairs corridor into what had once been her room. Then run back down again, with something in his hand.

"I had something for you." He held out the wrapped package, waiting for her to take it.

She eyed it. "There is nothing I want from you anymore." She walked out the door, leaving him a little crushed with no time to mourn.

He placed the present on the coffee table and ran out the door after her, afraid if he took any longer, she'd change her mind and leave.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Pexels on Pixabay)

Pexels





34. A little salt to the wound


Chad thought a lot about out-of-body experiences that night. How peopledescribed it as being there but not connecting to your body. He almost felt asif he was watching himself through someone else's eyes. Arriving at Setal'sextravagant five-hundred-guest strong wedding reception with June gliding armin arm, felt a little like watching someone else. This couldn't be him

I have got to cut down on coffee and sugar . He stared at her hand in his as they approached the regal bride and groom adorned in a sea of red and gold, and he couldn't quite feel it. Her touch. She had a smile on her face. He had a giant one on him. Yet, he couldn't feel her presence. Was she there? Was he touching her? Yet, he was.

I have got to cut down on coffee and sugar Her touch. Was she there? Was he touching her? The couple ahead of them strutted up the steps to the extravagantly glitzy stage, complete with his and hers high-backed thrones. The photographers and the many phones clicked away like paparazzi and Setal was lapping it up, smiling, posing, and greeting each guest with her face forever turned to the lenses.

"Gee, do they have to do that with every guest here?" June whispered in shock, her hand leaving his and flying to her mouth. Her voice was louder than it would have been if not for the music drowning them out.

"I guess." He watched her from the corner of his eyes nervously. He couldn't find the words or the ease he had established once upon a time. It was back to the park and the first day of meeting all over again. A little ball of nervous energy sat in the pit of his stomach. He was waiting for her to explode at him again. Maybe then it would feel real. Her being there with him.

June approached the steps and Setal caught sight of them. She waved them up with such enthusiasm that to anyone who was looking; they looked like the best of pals.

June smiled back and thrust her hand out to Chad, trailing behind her, turning to say, "Hold my hand."

Chad complied, though terror swarmed his heart. He clasped his sweaty palm in hers, hoping it wouldn't slide off. Her grip tightened around his and she pulled him up onto the stage.

"Oh my God, you two came!" Setal squealed as she eyed their faces before glancing at their hands. A flicker of anger danced over her caked face for a tiny moment. Chad missed it because he was concentrating hard on making June and him look believable. But June didn't.

"You look lovely, Setal," she said as sweetly as she could manage and gave a quick customary hug to the bride.

"Oh, thank you so much," Setal too gushed, sweetly, and held onto June a little longer, whispering something in her ear. She let go of June perfunctory and turned all of her attention to Chad. He hadn't looked too shabby in the hour he'd run around like a headless chicken, getting ready: showering, shaving, and finding his 'good' suit.

"Arvind, you already know Chad, and this is June," she introduced the two to her husband without glancing at June as she told him her name. "This is my husband, Arvind. He's a financial controller at..." At that moment, her 'husband' held her back by her arm and inched forward to shake Chad and June's hand.

"Please honey, they don't want to be bored with work talk. Nice to see you again, Chad, and you June," he said with a genuine smile on his handsome face. "Setal tells me you go back a while?"

Despite the awkward situation, Chad thought, he is a pleasant bloke. What the hell is he doing with her?

he is a pleasant bloke. What the hell is he doing with her? "Uh... we.. uh...," he again couldn't find the words or a lie convincingly. How do you tell the man his bride was the girlfriend he'd proposed months ago? It was impossible. The few times Chad had met Arvind at a gym, Setal used to force him to go to when they'd just started dating many moons ago. He now recalled she had only ever introduced him as a 'friend' and never a 'boyfriend' to the guy.



"Oh, this is awkward, isn't it?" June giggled beside him to his surprise, leaning against his body, gushing. Chad smiled back, unsure where she was going with this, but it was better than his stammering.

June smiled at Arvind before fiercely fixing her eyes on Setal. Watch me, she was saying, and Chad worried.

Watch me, "Chad and Setal dated for a while, right babe?" she asked, caressing Chad's chest with her hand. "In fact, if she hadn't walked out on him a year ago, I wouldn't be standing here with him tonight. I guess I owe her thanks."

That was when she leaned in and kissed Chad's cheeks with such flourish, even he would have bought her love for him. If only he didn't know she hated his guts and probably wanted tonight over already.

Arvind's gaze turned suspiciously to his bride. "Well. This is certainly awkward."

certainly "Oh, don't worry about it, Arvind, it was a while ago." June waved her hand to say water under the bridge. "Setal tells us how much she loves you. Chad was just a fuck boy, I'm sure. Chad's loaded and famous, so a bit of fun on the side. I wouldn't think much of it," she added with a breezy laugh.

Setal turned red, Arvind looked to Chad with comprehension, and Chad stood there, unnerved that June had destroyed a joyous wedding for the poor groom. He nudged June then. "We should go."

June smiled wider. She may as well have said 'make me'. She turned to the newly wedded couple again. "Congratulations again."

Chad mumbled to the pair, "I'm so sorry. Truly, congratulations!" and pushed June to the other end of the stage and off it. The line behind them was long and getting impatient. "Will you stop? Please?"

She laughed as she stepped onto the floor, and he realised then that it was all part of his punishment.

They found their table in the far corner of the hall, near the toilets, bumping past a crowd of people before they reached it and sat down. June turned her body away from his. "Thank God she can't see us from there. What a bitch!"

Chad sat down, already exhausted. It was true he hadn't slept the last few nights, but June's little performance had blitzed all the sugar and caffeine from his system. Things were going to shit, so what the hell. He eyed her profile, trying to not sound angry and ungrateful. "What was that? We didn't have to come if you didn't want to."

She rolled her eyes, and adding a scoff, said, "And miss putting that princess in her place?" She stopped a waiter walking past and asked for a hard drink. Then she grabbed the breadstick sitting in a basket in front of her and started breaking off bits. "Do you know what she said to me just now? This is her wedding, for fuck's sake."

"What did she say?" Chad asked. It dawning on him that Setal must have done a Setal, goaded someone. "What did she say?" he asked again.

June's jaw clenched, and she flashed him a fake smile, grabbing two drinks off the tray and tossed one back. "That she can come back and have you any time she wants, married or not and there's nothing I can do about it..."

Chad stared at June in shock. Setal had made him sound like a spineless boy, not a man, but a boy. "No... We're done. It's done..."

"It doesn't matter anyway, not anymore." June interrupted, eyes that could set the stage on fire is she could, glaring at him for a moment. Then she tossed the second drink back and pulled a face. "We're just pretending." She waved down another waiter after that.

He cleared his clamped throat, stung, and turned to watch the proceedings. There was nothing more to say, and she clearly didn't want to talk to him. So he held up his end of the bargain and left her be for the rest of the evening. They ate, and they watched speeches and dance performances. They heard terrible jokes bordering on narcissism from the drunken bride, and elegant saves from the man she'd married. It was a waste of a wonderful man, and by the end of the evening, Chad felt a little sorry for the bastard, even though, a year ago, he'd made a fool of himself, asking her to marry him. Poor bloke , stuck with that mess for life.

Poor bloke stuck with that mess for life.

The party slowed down after dessert and June rose from her seat, a little tipsy. "Shall we?" She held her hand out to him one last time.

This was it. The charade was over. It was time to go home. Chad stood from his chair and slipped his hand into hers. And they headed off on a final pilgrimage to say adios to the bride-groom. When they got there, however, the mob around the couple was thick and neither was in any mood to wait.

"Fuck it," Chad mumbled, releasing June from her obligation and started for the exit. "We came. That's enough."

June's heels rang loud in the quiet car park until she stopped.

"What's wrong?" He turned.

It was clear from her stance that this was as far as she wished to go with him tonight.

Chad ploughed ahead through a flash of anger and hurt. "At least let me drop you off, wherever you're staying, as a thank you."

She shook her head. "I'll call a cab."

Chad couldn't quite believe she thought he would leave her alone out there in the middle of the night. He was a dimwit, but not a complete asshole. "It's the least I can do," he said, adamant.

"No. Thank you." She too held her ground. It was like a Mexican standoff, except she wasn't ready to shoot him with bullets. Her words were enough, and he was taking quite a few blows.

"For heaven's sake, June, get in the damn car! I know I messed up and you have every right not to forgive me. Hell, hate me for the rest of your life, but don't make me that asshole that doesn't see a girl home, safe, at the end of the night." He regretted his rant the moment he finished it, but it was too late and he knew he was right. Besides, he wasn't ready to say goodbye yet, even if she was.

She heaved a sigh of resignation and without a word, walked towards his car.

"Thank you," Chad uttered and followed.

The ride was silent, other than the GPS spewing out instructions for him to take. Not once did she look his way.

Chad pulled up outside a Newtown residence, so close to his own home, and wondered who it belonged to. He didn't have to wait long to find out.

June grabbed her purse, thanked him for the ride and slipped out, striding across the street to the opposite side. He had to dip his head to see below past a low-hanging branch at the house she was approaching.

The door opened, and June gave someone a kiss. The man wrapped his strong, tattooed arms around her petite waist and scooped her up. And at that moment, Chad saw the distinct mane. Ben.

Ben. Ben spotted Chad watching from his car and waved. Through the open window, Chad could hear, "Hey man! Thanks for dropping off my girl."

Chad forced a smile and waved back, hating the grin on the guy's smug face.

Chad should have left then, peeled off down the street. Instead, he waited for her to turn, to wave, something. Her indifference crushed his soul instead.

June wrapped her arms around Ben's waist. Not a breath of air left between their taut bodies. She leaned up and whispered something in Ben's ear. It caused the widest of grins on his face and Ben scooped her up. She wrapped her long legs around his waist as Chad heard Ben's faint "Heck yeah!" It wasn't until Chad saw the man kiss her the way he wanted to that he understood what he'd done. He'd pushed her into Ben's hands, hands that were all too willing to explore her body.

He'd done that.

Chad watched Ben take June in and slam the door shut, cutting him off. Not that he wanted to see what was about to happen in that house. June. Ben. Ben and June. He could picture their perfect bodies messing together as their silhouettes appeared against the dim light of a bedroom upstairs.

Ben and June. He shook his head. He shouldn't even be there, feeling jealous as if he were a boyfriend she'd left for Ben. He started the car after a long moment, prying his gaze away from the window and figures he could no longer see there.

He pulled into the driveway, hating himself and unable to enter the cold, lonely house. He stayed in the car for till his bum was going numb before dragging himself inside. He stripped away his constricting shirt and tie, smashing them into the laundry basket. He was not a shirt person, and he'd worn his best one tonight to impress her. But all he could see was Ben hoisting June upon his hips and that deep kiss that that spoke too loudly of the lust, and the copious sex they may still be having. Ben had been lusting after June since day one, and now she was all his. All night... He'd done that...

All night... It was well past midnight, and Chad was in his underway, in a sorry mood and feeling the tears threatening his eyes. He wanted to drink himself silly till he could drop in a puddle and have a good cry. However, he also didn't want to be alone, and the only woman he could cry in front of was Jo, but she was out of commission and 'in love'.

Chad didn't need to feel envious of Jo. He wanted Jo to be happy. It wasn't her fault he was a self-sabotaging man, who loathed to be alone, yet was destined for it for the rest of his life.

He grabbed himself a bottle of wine, fetched the corkscrew from the kitchen, and for a moment, even thought about grabbing a glass, then thought, who am I kidding, I'll finish the whole thing . Then he grabbed a packet of corn chips because he was still hungry, having barely touched the food at the wedding because of his nerves. He then waltzed into his study, raided his 'secret' drawer filled with his favourite movies and chose the one that suited his mood best.

who am I kidding, I'll finish the whole thing He took his plunder to the lounge, put the DVD on, turned off the lights, uncorked the wine, and opened the packet of chips. Then, he sat there drinking, munching, crying, in his underwear, and singing along to 'All by myself,' with the wonderful Bridget Jones. Like she was a friend who understood where he was in life, where his head was that night.

She was real to him, real and messy, complicated-but-not-complicated, and a tad clumsy at life, like he was. Except she was female, and she made 'messy' look cute and lovable. He couldn't say the same about himself. More like, he looked like Leonard having a meltdown... around his Penny.

Chad stuffed more chips into his mouth, the crumbs going everywhere. No, Bridget was a friend, a friend who had seen him through many breakups and fuckups and she did not judge him. And tonight, he didn't need judgment.

"All by myself! That's how I'm gonna be," he wailed off-key, wiping his tears like a child, singing into the wine bottle turned mic, belting out his own rendition. "All by myself!"





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Engin_akyurt on Pixabay)

Engin_akyurt





35a. for June


He had sweaty palms, breathing short and shallow, like he'd run a marathon, but he hadn't. He'd run in to grab his lucky charm he'd never gone to any book launches or parties without. Terry always organised a new shindig for every one of his new releases. Tonight was one of those nights, and he needed that charm, he needed all the charm and luck tonight. He was feeling more nervous than usual.

He rummaged through the desk drawers. Scanned the bookshelves, or peered under piles of folders, nervously eyeing his sister standing at the front door, baby in hand, glaring at him, or what little of him she could see.

"Hurry up, Chad!" she yelled, pacifying the wailing baby. "You will be late for your own party."

"It's not a party," he yelled back, correcting her. "And I can't find it," he added, feeling like he was profusely sweating into his fresh shirt. "God, and now I need a fresh shirt!"

"You don't need a fresh shirt," Jo yelled back. Behind her, Tom honked the horn. "What you need is to get your ass out here."

Chad could hear Tom, "What the hell is taking him so long? Here, give Ciara to me, and go help him along."

"Are you trying to get Terry to kill you?" Jo hovered at the study door, watching Chad pace in front of his desk. "Where do you normally keep Mr Panther?" she finally asked.

Chad pointed in the general vicinity of his bookshelf. "He's always there."

Jo scanned the bookshelf quickly, more aware of the time than he was obviously. The launch started at six. Terry would briefly give a talk, as usual, welcome the press and the guests alike, and then introduce Chad, as Zachary Eve, at around six-fifteen.

"It's already five-thirty, Chad. This is not the best time to be having a crisis because you can't find the Pink Panther toy you use as a talisman when speaking in public." She was saying as she walked around the room, her eyes skimming the surfaces.

Chad continued to rifle through papers and such with no clear direction.

"Chad, I'm not kidding. You will be late. I should have told you this years ago." She grabbed him by his shoulders and talked to him as if he were a child. "Mr Panther is just a toy. He has no powers to calm your nerves, or to make your speeches go swimmingly. I made that shit up. As a kid, it was cute to watch you fill with confidence when you had him in your hand. As an adult, it was no longer cute."

Chad shrugged her off. "I know that. I'm not a child. It's a habit. He makes me feel comfortable." He glanced around the room one last time.

"Bloody hell, Chad, just move it." Jo pushed him out the door. "You're a man. Be a man."

"But."

"You don't have time for this shit." She closed the study door behind them and continued pushing him towards the front door. "June might be there tonight. You want to miss that?"

Chad resigned to the pushing and walked out of his own volition. "You don't know if she will be."

"No. I don't. So go do your thing."

♡

Chad paced the corridor outside the toilets. It was going swimmingly so far. They'd arrived minutes before six. Tom had booted all passengers out of his car to go find parking on his own so Chad could get in on time. Tom didn't have to wait too long as Terry had reserved a spot for their car.

Chad had arrived just as Terry was about to lose her shit. Then she'd smiled through gritted teeth and given him a look of disapproval before turning on her charm and taking the stage. Moments later Chad had followed her, said many things, mostly unfiltered mumbling like the buffoon he was, eliciting some laughter to mark his success. He did his usual spiel of why he wrote the book, and then told the guests to enjoy the night, and not to leave without a signed copy.



He'd then gone over to the table piled high with his new book, For Fay , signing copies till all two-hundred guests. He'd then done the mandatory mingling, which too had gone fantastic until he spotted a familiar face in the crowd too briefly before she disappeared. He had wanted to run after her but didn't want to be rude to his wonderful publishers gushing about the new book.

For Fay By the time he thought to use the toilet as an excuse, he wasn't even sure he'd seen her or imagined it like many times before.

"What are you doing here?" Terry sighed in relief when she walked into the corridor like a hurricane. "One server told me where to find you. People have been asking for you, and instead of mingling, you go MIA." She put her hands on her hips. "What's going on with you today? Jo told me you seemed off even before you left."

Chad leaned against a wall to stop from pacing.

"It's me, Chad. We've been through shit before. Tell me what's bothering you so I can fix it? Is it the launch?"

He shook his head. "No, the night was beautiful, Terry, as always."

"Then what is it?"

Chad remained quiet.

"June?" Terry asked finally. He nodded. "I thought she would come too. I was certain she would come, actually." She leaned on the wall beside him. "I even sent her an advance copy and a car to pick her up tonight."

Chad turned to her in surprise. "How?" he asked. For all he knew, June had vanished. Her old number was no longer in service. He had no idea where she'd moved, or even the few times he'd gone back to the park in search of her, no one had heard of her. She was no longer living on the streets, so at least that was some comfort. How had Terry found the woman?

"She still works at the same café. One guy there, Lin–cute really, told me where she's been living." Terry smiled, rubbing his arm sympathetically. "I know you no longer go there or anywhere. I'm sorry, Chad," she ruefully smiled at him. "I really thought she would come tonight. I wanted her to come tonight."

"Me too." He quietly watched Terry's beautiful hands stroke his. "I guess I used up all my luck when I met her."

"At least you met her." Terry pushed off the wall as guests walked past them to the bathroom. She pulled him off the wall too. "Come on, let's get this party wrapped up, take the last few photos, and you can go home and spend time with Bridget." She winked, making Chad flush pink.

"We've been through shit together." She led him back out into the hall. "Let's wrap this up. What say?"

♡

Within half hour, Chad gave Terry's cheek a goodnight kiss, and walked out of the hall, into the city street, keen to call a ride and escape. With the baby so young, he'd sent his family home earlier. With Marjorie and Jackson also tagging along, the car had been full. He was glad to he was alone with his thoughts.

As he walked down the steps, guests waiting around for their rides waved at him.

"Wonderful launch, Zachary!" A small group of overdressed ladies giggled, loose on champagne as they got into their taxi.

"Thank you, and thank you for coming," he called out as one of them rolled down the window and blew him a kiss, almost half out of the cab, her breast bouncing as she giggled some more.

"We love you!" she yelled as the taxi pulled away.

Chad shook his head, watching them disappear with slight amusement. He could have probably taken one of those ladies' home tonight if it inclined him, which it hadn't. He may never be again.

"Is that what a girl has to do to get your attention nowadays?" a voice whispered behind him, from the shadows, startling him.

"I'm sorry, what?" He turned, not sure what the woman meant.

A figure stepped out of the shadows, mocking the ladies and their shimmying boobs, her breasts pinched together between her arms, a beautiful yet nervous smile playing on her lips, her brown eyes full of sparkle, even in the night. "Congratulations on the book."

"You came?"

"Kind of hard not to, seeing how it was about me?" She flashed him the book in her hand.

Chad cleared his knotting throat. His gaze dropped to his feet as last of the guests waved at him, curiously scanning June before him.

"You changed the name." She shuffled her feet.

Chad nodded. "Had to."

She bit her lip. "And you finished it."

"Had to. Contract."

June nodded, turning her face away from the guests getting in their rides.

"Congratulations again, Mr Eve. Wonderful stuff!"

"Thanks for coming." Chad waved at them before saying, "They're press."

June nodded in acknowledgment. "So, um... he loves her?" she asked, gaze skittering to his face to check his reaction.

Chad chuckled to himself a little, unable to rein in his emotions. "With all his heart." They were no longer talking about the characters in the book and to drive home the point, he repeated himself. "With all my heart."

June sniffled, wiping her nose in the dark. Her head bobbing as she took an unsteady, audible breath. "Okay. I'm ready to go home now."

What just happened? Chad shook his head in confusion. How did it go from him professing his love to her, to her being ready to leave him within minutes? "I..."

What just happened? June met his gaze, her own eyes glistening in the mix of moonlight and city lights. "If you'll still have me," she whispered, nervous as anything.

It took Chad a moment to put two and two together. Home meant his home. Their home. He nodded. In fact, he could not stop nodding. "Fuck yes!" he said, and without a second to waste, he took her face in his hands, and kissed her like he had wanted to for a long time; as if she were air itself. "Fuck yes! I'll have you any which way you let me."

Their home. He kissed her again and again, as if making up for all the days and weeks and months he'd missed. "I'm so, so sorry. I never meant to hurt you."

"I'm sure Fay forgives you," June whispered, nibbling his lip, "but I might need more convincing."

Chad had to laugh. "So, cab home?"

She leaned into his body. "I will also accept a signed copy as an apology."

"Anything." He kissed her evermore, scooping her into his arms.

Terry spotted them as the two got into their ride and smiled before hailing a taxi.

... this chapter continues in the next part...

... this chapter continues in the next part...

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by ArtTower on Pixabay)

ArtTower





35b. for June


"So, Daniel Hess?" she asked as the car pulled out onto the road.

"I needed a strong name," he answered in kind.

"And Terry? Athena?"

"She chose the name herself. She wanted something powerful, but not Terry-fying." He laughed.

"So she chose the Goddess of wisdom and war for her name?"

"I let everybody choose." His smile disappeared. "Everybody I could ask."

"You left Bax as Bax."

Chad nodded. He had.

"I like it. Think he would have liked it too." She squeezed his hand. "And then he would have asked you for a dozen croissants and gallons of coffee in exchange, for as long as he lived."

"Happily," Chad mused.

She laughed. They both knew it. Bax would have happily demanded breakfast for life, and Chad would have happily obliged.

"And Sasha Carmichael?" she asked as they got out of the car.

"It was the closest thing I could think of to Micah." He held her by the small of her back and led her up the path to the front door.

June held a moment, her hand placed on his chest. "What happened to her?"

"She is under permanent supervision in a dedicated hospital. They did it on the down-low to keep my name out of the papers."

Chad led her into the dark house, through the lounge they both knew how to navigate well. "If you could have picked your name?"

June swivelled on her heels, pulling him by his collar gently. "What would I have picked?"

He nodded, unable to tear his gaze off her enchanting face, glowing softly in the dark, lit only by whatever streetlights snuck in through the window.

"Ivy."

"Ivy?"

"It can survive through almost anything." She smiled, unsure whether she should kiss him. For the first time in over seven months, they were alone with no other soul in sight. She pulled him closer to her face, still wondering if it wouldn't look too forward to kiss the man she was supposedly mad at like it was the only thing she wanted to do in the world.

Their lips close, yet miles apart from touching.

Chad held himself at bay. "Are you sure about this? What about Ben?"

A cheeky smile fleeted across her face. "Oh, that was a onetime thing. I had to get you out of my system."

Chad cocked his head sideways. What?

What? June tugged him by his belt, a nervous smile lingering on her kissable lips. "He let me stay at his until I found boarding at uni," she said in a hush, her body distracted by his. Her hand lingered close to his crotch. Her shallow breath fell on him like a soft kiss. Her gaze pulled by his lips.

"Are you gonna kiss me, Chad Gilligan, or do I have to find someone else to help me with this?" she whispered, guiding his hand in between her legs.

Chad bit his lip, grabbed a handful of her hair with his other hand and pulled her mouth to his. "Don't you dare."

She kissed him back, as hard as she could. Then take me, were what her lips were saying. Somehow, through the night, they'd ended up on his bed, naked and exhausted, having ravaged each other again and again.

Then take me, ♡

When she woke the next morning, Chad was sitting quietly on the edge of the bed, under the covers, admiring her.



She sat up on her elbows, blushing to the nine, her lips between her teeth, unable to stop a smile from spreading. "Keep that up and I might think you're stalking me, Chad Gilligan."

"I wasn't the one lurking in the shadows last night." He smiled, continuing to watch her, unfettered. He liked that she was suddenly shy. Her gorgeous cheeks flushing pink.

"What?"

He shook his head. "The most beautiful thing I've seen."

June laughed. "What's that?"

"Your face." He moved over her body slowly. "Your lips." He kissed her long and hard, making her moan beneath him. "Your neck." He licked it slowly from the nape to the base of her ear. "Your..." he pushed down the cover to reveal her breasts, slowly beginning to move down towards them.

June grabbed his face, to pull him back up, but he placed a hand on her lips to shush her. "I'm not done yet." He twirled his tongue around her erect nipple, and before they knew it, they were making love again. One more time, after another, never enough, as if they were making up for the lost time.

She lay wrapped in his arm, her fingers dancing between his. "So, are we going to stay in bed all day, or go out to dinner too? I'm starving."

"If the lady wants dinner, the lady shall get dinner." He kissed her one more time before flying off the bed. "But first, I have something I've been meaning to give you."

He disappeared for a good minute before shivering his naked butt back to the bed. Two wrapped gifts in hand. "Bloody hell, it's cold out."

June watched him rush back under the covers and hand her the packages. "What's this?"

"Open it," he urged nervously.

June ripped open the first one, a thick volume. "What is this?" she mused, staring at a hardcover book with a familiar cover page, the one from For Fay . Except, this cover didn't say 'For Fay'. It read, 'For June' and below that, the author's name was not Zachary Eve, but Chad Gilligan.

For Fay Chad smiled sheepishly. "Terry dubbed the story a giant love letter, so I thought. I mean, it is."

Surprised, and speechless, June turned to the title page inside as Chad continued. "It's the only copy that exists with all the original names and events. I had it especially made for you."

The title page inside made her laugh.

Chad chuckled. "I thought it'd be our inside joke." He pointed at the thing that had made her laugh. The title page was a riff of Cassie's attempt to 'amend' his original one from the journal. 'June' crossed out, with 'Cassie' scribbled in a handwritten font above in red. Then Chad had crossed out 'Cassie' in blue, and re-scribbled June above that. Below it all, he'd signed it 'With all my heart, Chad.'

June laughed again, caressing her name. "I love it!" She kissed him on the cheek and went back to looking at the page, amused.

Chad took the book out of her hand and replaced it with the second and last present. "Now this."

She looked up at him with her bedazzled eyes. "What is this then?"

He shook his head. "Hope you like it."

"I'm sure I will." She ripped into the wrapping, unsure what it could be. It was hard and rectangular but had a varying surface. It wasn't until she saw the photo she became choked up.

"How did you find it?" Tears rolled down her cheek as she stared at the smiling faces of her parents. It was the photo from her nightstand. The one Cassie had stolen.

"I asked Tom to keep an eye out for it." He wiped her tears. "Told him what it meant to you, and if I could have it back."

He watched June caress her parents' images with longing, unable to speak.

"They found it scrunched up in a trash can at her apartment. I had it restored." He rubbed her back as she cried. "I was trying to give it to you that night when you came back."

She put the frame safely on his nightstand and threw herself at him, nuzzling her face against his neck. "Thank you."

"You're welcome." He held her close.

She could hold on to him for as long as she wanted, so Chad wrapped the duvet over her to keep her warm. "Shall we go eat?"

She nodded, sniffling as she separated from him. "Shower, then dinner."

"Shower, then dinner." He followed her into the bathroom. "So, Ben, uh... was he...any... good?"

"In bed? Uh-mazing. The way he moved his body, hmm," June teased as she turned on the shower.

"That good, huh?"

"Shut up and get in here." She laughed, pulling him into the warm shower. "It's not his body I want though, is it?"

If this were one of his books, a man like him never got the girl. It was always the Bens, with their hard body, and harder egos. Not a simple man like Chad. Yet here he was, with a beautiful woman before him, and he was fine with that.

In fact, he was more than fine with that.

"Where shall we go tonight?" he asked, running his hand down her back, watching the water mould itself around her skin.

"You can take me anywhere." She kissed till his body reacted, then she stopped, stepped out with a wicked glint in her eyes.

"You're gonna leave me like this?"

"Then come get me?" She ran out giggling.

♡

"Why the name Fay?" she asked an hour later in the taxi, holding his hand between hers.

"Minsi liked it."

"Who's Minsi?"

It was his turn to tease. He winked. "You'll never know."

For that, he got a good smack on the arm and an upset new girlfriend. He laughed. "She's Terry's assistant. A lovely girl," he added, loving the fact that June was jealous.

She narrowed her eyes at him as the taxi pulled up to their destination. "Not too lovely, I hope."

He leaned in, kissed the woman, and slipped out of the cab, holding the door for her. "Not the body I want."

They'd pulled up outside one of the fancy restaurants in the city she had always wanted to go to, but could never afford.

With a protective hand resting on the small of her back, he led her through the glitzy doors and into what would be an uh-mazing life, until the next disaster that usually happened in his life.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. (Image by Efes_kitap on Pixabay)

Efes_kitap





Bonus- Mr. Panther


Somewhere in a sparse shared room, in a secure, around-the-clock care hospital for the mentally ill, a certain someone twirled a distinct Pink Panther in her hands, as she did every night before lights out.

"What's that you got?" her new roommate asked.

"A gift from my husband." Cassie smiled. "A little reminder of why I have to get better and get out. He's waiting for me."

"That's nice."

"It is, isn't it?" She twirled the toy in her hand with a twinkle in her eyes till the lights turned out came. "And he is mine."

The roommate watched the Panther in Cassie's hand like it was a prized possession she wished to get her hands on. "I hope we can be friends. Tell me all about him?"

Cassie turned her head with a toothy smile and sparkling eyes. "His name is Zachary Eve. Do you know him? He's a famous author."





~~~ THE END ~~~




