Title: How To Be The Best Third Wheel ✔

Tip One: Don't Overreact and Upgrade Instead


First day of school, don't be nervous. I've done this before, pictured it in my head a thousand times last night. I didn't get any sleep, but my outfit is put together. I'm wearing these black ripped jeans, paired with my Blue Jays jersey and comfortable black and white Nike sneakers. My long black hair is gathered up to the side in a fishtail braid. I breathe in once more and exhale, placing my hands on the door press.

Blue Jays Nike I push the heavy school doors and stride confidently in the packed hallway of the third floor. With a schedule in my hand I look around for my friends, but I am greeted only by seniors who are half asleep and freshmen trying to head to their classes twenty minutes early, although they look like frantic stray puppies.

I pull my phone out and open the messenger to our group chat.

Me: Hey Guys where are you?

Me: Hey Guys where are you? Kiera: We're here at Jasmine's locker.

Kiera: We're here at Jasmine's locker. Jasmine: Not Carol though, she's probably going to get detention on the first day for being late. Lol.

Jasmine: Not Carol though, she's probably going to get detention on the first day for being late. Lol. Me: Hahaha...omg so true.

Me: Hahaha...omg so true. Carol: Wow guys! I'm literally 2 mins away!

Carol: Wow guys! I'm literally 2 mins away! Kiera: Sure.

Kiera: Sure. Carol: It's true! Watch, I'll be there in less than 5 mins.

Carol: It's true! Watch, I'll be there in less than 5 mins. Jasmine: Okay...

Jasmine: Okay... Me: I'm coming over there.

Me: I'm coming over there. Jasmine: Yup!

Jasmine: Yup! I turn left at the next hallway, I know the way to Jasmine's locker as if it were my own. I know the location of all their lockers and their combinations by heart. I see Kiera blabbing on about something excitedly and Jasmine rolling her eyes in boredom. Kiera can just talk about the most dull things sometimes.

Jasmine looks the same. Her short brown hair still in a bob, her bangs clipped away from her face. She's wearing cropped jeans and a plain grey t-shirt.

Kiera, on the other hand looks a bit different. Her strawberry blonde hair is cut to her shoulders and is curled. She's wearing a cute, purple t-shirt dress and converse.

Instantly, I feel that rush of excitement while I run forward to them. I almost squeal, but I know how annoying that is so I hold it in. I haven't seen them for the entire summer! No, we're not those friends, the ones who only hang out at school. We usually spend so much time together during the summer, going to the lake, playing beach volleyball for fun, having movie nights and having the best sleepovers.

those Not this summer though, I went to the Philippines for the entire summer. I came back two shades darker and with mosquito bitten legs but it was still one of the best vacations ever. It wasn't like a resort vacation, but a family reunion with relatives that I never even knew existed. If you've ever seen a complete filipino family, you know what I'm talking about. My family lives somewhere near...hmm, well I don't exactly know. All I know that I was in the middle of a forest in a small town with no internet and water that only runs during the early morning and late night. So no, I had no contact with my best friends for almost two whole months. Time to catch up.

"Kiera! Jasmine!" I scream, not caring if the whole hallway thinks me as an idiot.

"Lara!" they yell out to me in unison. I am about to do that movie running scene when I bump into a wall instead, sending me flat on my butt.

Luckily, not a real wall. A six foot person could be described as a wall though. The thing is, he isn't just any six foot person. It's the one, the only, the idiotic, Jameson Bryer. I know, I know, Lara, why are you calling this guy idiotic? Well, I wouldn't really call this as being rude, considering I've known this idiot even before kindergarten.



I am sprawled on the floor as we make eye contact. He looks to me and holds a hand out to help me up. I grab his hand as he pulls me towards himself.

Not a bad guy, huh?

Wrong. He instantly lets go of my wrist, sending me back to the ground even harder than last time. Thanks alot. He receives a crowd of laughter and high-fives from the rest of the hockey team. I roll my eyes and get up, walking towards my friends as if nothing happened.

What a great way to start the first day of school.

"What a jerk." Kiera mutters from under her breath.

"He has the IQ of a rock. Oh wait, that would be insulting to rocks." Jasmine adds. "You okay?"

I reply with anger towards James. "Yeah, I've been handling him for my whole life. He should just be thankful that I was feeling merciful today."

They laugh, lightening the mood. Everyone knows that I never back down from James. Sure he's the star hockey player and Mr. Popularity but I've been responsible for two thirds of his injuries. Well, it was way easier to fight him before he hit puberty. Or, before puberty hit him like a truck.

"Oh yeah, nice hair." I tell Kiera.

"Thanks." she replies.

"I'm here! I'm here!" Carol jogs towards us in her Adidas joggers, her bag almost falling off her shoulder and her bright blue cleats in her arms. "Ha! Told ya!" she says pointing a finger at us, "I was here in less than three minutes."

three All three of us roll our eyes at her, chuckling.

"So did I miss anything?" Carol asks, her breath still heavy from running. Knowing her, she probably sprinted here at the challenge.

"Yup," Jasmine states. "You just missed the public humiliation of Lara here." she tells her, motioning to me.

I just shrug. "Almost exactly what the idiot did to me just before I jumped on the plane two months ago. Guess maturity still hasn't kicked in."

Carol almost dies of laughter as she manages to wheeze out, "I came too late! Bruh, what did you do to him?"

I stare at her blankly. "Nothing."

"No seriously! What did you do? Did you kick him in the balls? Did you twist his arm? Did yo-"

I interrupt her, "I ignored him."

She stops chuckling immediately and glares at me. "What happened to you on vacation that you suddenly turned to the good side?"

Jasmine and Kiera nod in agreement. Carol grips my shoulders and shakes me back and fourth until I feel like I'm about to vomit. "Get yourself together woman! I did not raise you like this!"

I grab a hold of her, "Dude, calmez-vous, I just didn't want to start my day off with negative vibes."

calmez-vous, She pretends to wipe a bead of sweat of her forehead.

"So what were you guys up to while I was gone?" I question them at once.

At those words, I swear their eyes widen like criminals that have just been caught.

Jasmine starts figetting with her fingers, Kiera starts biting her lip and Carol looks like she's about to bolt out of the scene any minute now.

"Is it about Mark?" I ask, looking at Carol. Mark was a guy from the soccer team, and he obviously liked her. They've been hanging out for a while now, but I was cool with it since Kiera, Jasmine and I just hung out together when Carol was busy.



None of them reply. I get the feeling that they're not telling me something...

"I'm not telling her!" Jasmine sqeaks all at once.

"Not me!" Kiera exclaims right after.

They both look at Carol knowing that she always does the best at explaining situations. Well, other than me. I usually do it, but frankly I have no clue what the heck is going on.

Carol comes up to me and puts a hand on my shoulder, looking a little frightened. Not that I was a scary person, just a bit unpredictable. "Don't freak out on us but..." she trails off.

"But what?"

"Well..." she starts.

"You see..." Kiera goes along.

They are interrupted by no other than the booming voice of the captain of the hockey team-yet again. He yells at a bunch of people, greeting them wildly. These idiots around us look at him as if he were a celebrity. If they knew him like me, they wouldn't be in such awe. If I had three words to describe him they would be: rude, gross, and disrespectful. I didn't like him, but the feeling was mutual. Luckily, while I was away in the Philippines for the summer, he went off for a luxury cruise in the bahamas for fun. Needless to say, his family's rich. And I had the luxury of not seeing his annoying face until today.

As all popular jocks do, he strides around thinking he's a king with his three followers right behind him. Usually you would see the mean girl and her squad, but these guys were a guy version of that. Except for the fact that his squad actually consisted of really nice people who were just unfortunate enough to be friends with the idiot.

I turn back to my friends when I hear the sound of one of his squad members.

"Babe!"

I turns around so fast that my head could've fallen off if it wasn't attached to me body. Mark?

I turn to Carol. She smiles at me shyly as he comes and wraps an arm around her shoulder. She sweeps his brown bangs away from his green eyes and they smile at each other. I think I might be sick.

It wasn't a secret that they liked each other. I guess now they're official. "Looks like we're going to be third wheels!" I chirp to both Kiera and Jasmine. But they don't return the smile and instead they look nervous.

"Darling!" another guy shouts. I turn around to see Daniel, racing towards us. Who is he goi-

He wraps his arms around Kiera and kisses her forehead. She giggles in his arms. Oh my goodness, no.

I am just about to start firing questions at both the girls when I hear another shout.

"Honey!"

Whipping my head around once more, my eyes lay upon Logan, who as you can probably predict, is sprinting to us. Pushing me out of the way, he attacks Jasmine's face.

What the heck is going on?

Carol, fine. We all saw that coming. They've been close for almost five months. Kiera, kind of weird. She's not really the type to date. She usually makes fun of everyone in romantic movies. But Jasmine!

That girl is a freaking saint! We all thought she was going to become a nun, or something! Can someone fetch me a glass of water! Yet here she is, making out with Logan Ford, the biggest player in the school. Other than James, of course.

I stare at the three couples for a minute, thinking about all the ways that I could chase these boys with a sledgehammer.

Breaking away from the kiss, Jasmine looks at me. "Lara, don't freak out we can expl-"

"WHAT THE HELL IS THIS!" I shout at the top of my lungs, gesturing at the girls and the three members of James' squad that just attacked my best friends.

I look at Carol and Mark to Kiera and Daniel to Jasmine and Logan to finally, James. James and I look at each other for a second, both of us confused at the situation.

"Boys?" he asks the guys.

Mark pipes up, "Sorry bro, we couldn't reach you for the whole summer."

"Yeah Lara, you had no signal in the middle of the jungle so..." Kiera adds.

Both James and I are wearing the exact same expression at this very moment. I don't know if I'm going to go balistic or if I'm going to faint. I look at Jasmine. "You too! You told me that you wouldn't date until you graduated university!"

"I know, I know, but Logan is just too-"

"Perfect?" I interrupt. I've heard that line a thousand times before. "Do your parents know?"

She shakes her head. She never lies to her parents! She's little miss perfect! How is it that a guy can change her personality in a mere two months? I facepalm.

"Guys you're actually committing to a relationship?" James asks.

I glare at him. Classic James, moving on from one girl to the next as if they're just objects. He sticks his hands up and quickly adds, "I'm just kidding Lara, don't be such a buzz-kill."

Oh, I could just kick him right now. Self-control Lara, self-control.

"Lara, we'll explain everything to you at lunch, promise." Kiera says.

"Yeah." Carol agrees. The warning bell rings and the three couples go hand in hand into the sunset.

Or, to their first period classes that is. James and I stand frozen in our places. We've never had anything in common, but today is the day we finally have the same experience.

How is it possible to have upgraded to a seventh wheel?

Hey! How's the week going? This was tip one of How To Be The Best Third Wheel... Hoped you liked it! If you did, make sure to vote, comment and share <3 Anyways, what is your worst third wheel moment? Trust me, whatever it is, I can probably relate. See you in tip two!

Hey! How's the week going? This was tip one of How To Be The Best Third Wheel... Hoped you liked it! If you did, make sure to vote, comment and share <3 Anyways, what is your worst third wheel moment? Trust me, whatever it is, I can probably relate. See you in tip two! Hey! How's the week going? This was tip one of How To Be The Best Third Wheel... Hoped you liked it! If you did, make sure to vote, comment and share <3 Anyways, what is your worst third wheel moment? Trust me, whatever it is, I can probably relate. See you in tip two! -Summer

-Summer -Summer P.S. this is an edit but you can follow me on IG at: summerangeles8 for more behind the scenes and some stuff 'bout moi :)

P.S. this is an edit but you can follow me on IG at: P.S. this is an edit but you can follow me on IG at: summerangeles8 summerangeles8 for more behind the scenes and some stuff 'bout moi :) for more behind the scenes and some stuff 'bout moi :)





Tip Two: Don't Kill The Boys


Picture above: Why are my three friends in love? *cries on the inside*

Picture above: Why are my three friends in love? *cries on the inside* Picture above: Why are my three friends in love? *cries on the inside* I sit in my first period english class, tapping my foot as I do so. I have no clue what just happened. How does this happen that in the two months that I am away, my friends just happen to bump into three hot guys and call them "boy-fries" or whatever it is. I start tapping my long nails on the desk, trying to calm down.

Just as I am almost not hyperventilating, two boys walk in. Not just any two boys, but Logan Ford and Daniel Samuels in the flesh. They must've walked Jasmine and Kiera to class before coming here. Out of James' whole squad, I know and trust Mark the most. Mark is my best guy friend, which is the reason that I don't mind my best friend going out with him. The only thing is, Mark's other best friend is James.

Another reason why I inevitably hate James. Mark, James and I have known each other since birth. Basically. The only thing is, while Mark is the sweetest guy you would ever meet, James is the total opposite. James can just make me so angry, especially Mark chooses spending time with James over me. Tell me it's a guy thing, but they always seem to make me feel left out since I'm a girl. We could all be playing basketball together and they'd make an effort to not pass the ball to me. But maybe it's just because I suck at basketball.

Anyways, I know Daniel and Logan just fine. They've never been mean to me, in fact, although they have this "jock" label, they're some of the only exceptions of the jerks. I swear, every other guy on their hockey team thinks that they are either a celebrity or a hero. Including James. It is still a miracle knowing that Mark, Daniel and Logan can put up with that ego-maniac.

As Logan and Daniel stride in with confidence, the girls in my class act as if they are melting popsicles on a hot day. Oh goodness. They fan themselves with their hands and whisper to each other about how incredibly hot the two are. Me on the other hand, I just roll my eyes.

They both either not notice the crowd of fangirls or they just ignore them. Besides, apparently they're taken by my best friends. If they dared to even glance at another girl other than Jasmine or Kiera, there would be a beheading. Daniel I trust, but Logan the player...yeah I have my eye on him. I ain't an athlete, but I can sure give a nasty left hook. I'm sure James can speak from experience.

To my surprise, Logan just ignores the girls that are throwing themselves at him. Good for him.

They turn to look at me and they wave and smile. Realizing that the seats beside me are empty, they sit gleefully. Logan on my left and Daniel on my right. Knowing myself, I am not going to let this morning's incident go by like it was totally normal. I glare at them both, equivalent to daggers shooting them. Their eyes widen in shock. They've never experienced my bad side. They've seen James experience it and I doubt that they are anything but afraid at this moment.

Daniel is the first to speak. "Lara, I really like Kiera and I'm so sorry that we never told you until now. It just kind of happened during the summer." He seems so sincere.

But I respond only with another narrow glare.

"And I really like Jas. Like really, really, like her." Logan says.

I stay silent for a few seconds before my defense parent mode switches on.

I turn to Daniel. "Listen," I hiss, "If you ever do anything that makes my girl cry, I swear on my life, I will hunt you down and beat you until you can't move. And please, don't take her to any romantic movies, she hates those."

I'm pretty sure he starts shaking a little. He just gives me a nervous nod.

Then I turn to Logan, "You! If you think Jas is another girl that you are going to toy with then break her heart, I will have you know that you will not treat her like the other girls."



"I won't, I reall-"

I interrupt him mid-sentence, "Listen, I get that you're a nice person and all, but you need to stop playing girls. Girls are not objects! And Jasmine doesn't deserve a player! It's either you change or you leave!"

"I know. Jasmine is-"

I interrupt him again, this time grabbing the collar of his shirt and pulling his face towards mine. "Logan Ford, I swear on everything that I have, if you hurt Jasmine I will grab a butcher knife and slice you open. I might even go as far as selling your intestines in the black market! You hear me!"

The large, muscular, Logan Ford, only lets out a tiny, almost inaudible whimper. "Okay."

I take a deep breath, exhausted from the yelling.

Finally, our english teacher, Mr. Hunt walks in the room. He places his coffee on the desk before smiling and acknowledging us.

"Good Morning everyone!" he says "My name is Mr. Hunt and we'll be spending first period of the whole semester together."

As usual, the class full of brainless teenagers do not show any sign of responding to the teacher. Literally everyone has their phone in their laps. They must all be checking their snapchats.

Mr. Hunt speaks again, "Can you guys put the cellphones away. We are going to start reading this short story."

The class doesn't even take their eyes of the screens, I doubt that they even heard him. Highschool students now a days are so disrespectful. It's like they don't even want an education! Mr. Hunt is just one of those teachers who are too gentle. Like, he never scolds anyone!

"Please put the phones away." he repeats and this time, some students actually listen.

I turn to Daniel then Logan, checking to see if they're on their phones. Suprisingly, they sit quietly with their textbooks open.

"Turn to page 237," the teacher says.

The sound of flipping pages takes over the room as students put their books up. As usual, their phones are behind their books as they pretend to read. I, on the other hand, actually want to pass this class, so I actually read.

I hear Mr. Hunt sigh, "Richard, can you please get off the phone."

At that, I look up and look at Richard on the other side of the class. "I'm not! I'm reading!"

His book is up, and he tries convincing our teacher that he is reading.

The thing is, his book is upside down.

This is going to be a long day, I think to myself.

This is going to be a long day, ***

After witnessing so many stupid attempts to fool our teacher, english class is finally over. I had to endure so many questions from Logan about the work. I'm not sure if he wasn't listening, or if he was just spacing out as I explained things to him over and over and over again. Ugh. Finally, I can get away from him! Daniel was fine though. He wasn't too talkative, which I am now thankful for. Now, I can finally go to my biology class.

The halls are crazy. The noise level is beyond my liking, the loud popular people are screaming at each other while me and my fellow normal people are trying to squeeze through without getting squished.

At last, I make it to the classroom. I open the door that was wedged by an old science textbook. Yup, the uses of textbooks are many. After grabbing a textbook from the pile of textbooks, I walk in and sit at one of the tables. Unlike other classrooms, the tables are designed especially for experiments. It gets me so excited! I'll have you know that I am a science geek.



I look across the classroom, at Holden Reynolds. He's reading the textbook silently, absorbed in whatever interesting information it has to offer. He's so smart and so handsome. His dirty blond hair is messy and with that look of his, he could be a celebrity. I've had a huge crush on him since elementary school. While every other girl swooned over James, Logan and Daniel's talent for hitting the puck on the rink or Mark's ability to control a soccer ball, I was here swooning over Holden's sharp mind. I mean, his looks were just a great extra.

He turns to me, catching me in my mid-stare. I feel the blush creeping up my neck going to my cheeks. Oh gosh, I must look like a tomato right now. He smiles at me, getting up and starting to walk towards me. Internally, I squeal and scream. If people got butterflies in their stomach, the butterflies in mine had rifles and were at war at the moment. His smile is gorgeous, like the people in the Crest 3D White Toothpaste commercial. Yeah, that's how bright his teeth are.

He pulls out the chair beside me and keeps smiling. I smile too, but I probably look like a chipmunk instead.

"How was your summer Lara?" he asks. I think I just melted.

"G-g-good." I stammer, his cuteness has affected my ability of speech. Thanks a lot for quitting on me, frontal lobe of my brain.

He laughs. Ugh, why am I so awkward! I laugh nervously. I guess I sort of chase him away because immediately after, he says that he has to finish reading and goes back to his desk.

So much for flirting.

Next thing you know, another chair is pulled up beside me and I hear the loud thunk of somebody sitting in the chair. I turn to see who it is.

My eyes widen as the demon sits beside me. My face is red, not from blushing, but from anger.

Jameson, freaking, Bryer. Oh, how many times do I have to see this idiot today! Wait...he takes bio?

Don't get me wrong, I don't think that he's completely brainless, but he never tries his best in class! How the hell is he expecting to pass bio? And no, I am not being mean. As a family friend, I am just concerned. His mom would kill him if he failed again.

But why would I care? I mean, seven years ago, I would've. James and I were the best of friends once. I know, shocking. But popularity does things to people. It makes them ignore the un-popular people. Cough, cough.

He smirks at me, that wicked smile that most girls would find incredibly sexy. Not me. His dark brown hair is styled up, and he smells like axe. I swear, this boy uses more product than me! I still don't wear makeup mostly because I'm a lazy person.

My fists start to ball up, and I fight the urge to punch him. After that humiliating incident this morning, I want him dead. But I can't get suspended.

"Sit somewhere else." I fume.

"Why? Last time I heard, Canada was a free country." he states, trying to sound smart.

"Well, last time you were this close to me I threatened to leave your face in bruises."

"Really? You weren't saying that last night. In fact, you seemed to enjoy my closeness."

Ahhhhhhhhhhh! That son of a *beep*. Oh my goodness, this idiot is such a freaking liar! Please, someone get me some cyanide so that I can shove it down his throat. You know what? I'll feed him lead instead.

Ew. Ew. A thousand times ew. I would never, ever, ever, do whatever it is he's implying. Ugh.

I cringe and narrow my eyes at him. I can already hear the girls around us gasping for air and the guys saying such vulgar things. Can they mind their own business!

"Please, only desperate animals would get close to you. I, as a human being, like to stay at least a metre away from creatures that may have contagious diseases."

Some people around us go "Ohhh." like the immature teenagers they are.

I continue, "Which reminds me, too close." I wave my hand at him, shooing him away.

"Too bad, I'm going to stay."

"No! Go over there!" I yell, pointing at a seat near the back of the classroom.

"Nope."

I hate him, I hate him, I hate him.

The teacher walks in and I raise my hand right away. "Miss, could you please move Jameson to another spot. He's being very rude to me."

"Ah, you must be Lara," the older blonde haired teacher says. "Mr. Bryer requested a tutor."

My eyes widen.

"I took a look at your past science grades and you are doing exceptionally well. I thought you might want to do it since you were looking for volunteer opportunities the other day."

I turn to an evilly smirking James and I glare at him.

"Since our friends are busy, you would have much time on your hands to help a struggling student."

Please, Lord, give me strength. I think I might kill these boys.

Hello! I hope you liked it! Give it a vote if you did! And don't be afraid to comment, since I loooove reading comments. So...how are we feeling about the boys? I started writing this since my friend has a boyfriend and I feel like a third wheel sometimes. But I am an awesome one! Like, in the middle of the crowded halls, I yell at them to stay a metre apart! Yeah...I'm an embarrassing friend...

Hello! I hope you liked it! Give it a vote if you did! And don't be afraid to comment, since I loooove reading comments. So...how are we feeling about the boys? I started writing this since my friend has a boyfriend and I feel like a third wheel sometimes. But I am an awesome one! Like, in the middle of the crowded halls, I yell at them to stay a metre apart! Yeah...I'm an embarrassing friend... Hello! I hope you liked it! Give it a vote if you did! And don't be afraid to comment, since I loooove reading comments. So...how are we feeling about the boys? I started writing this since my friend has a boyfriend and I feel like a third wheel sometimes. But I am an awesome one! Like, in the middle of the crowded halls, I yell at them to stay a metre apart! Yeah...I'm an embarrassing friend... Anyways, see you in Tip Three.

Anyways, see you in Tip Three. Anyways, see you in Tip Three. From a relationship expert that is single, byeee.

From a relationship expert that is single, byeee. From a relationship expert that is single, byeee. -Summer

-Summer -Summer





Tip Three: Just Evacuate


I slam my locker door shut, the sound so loud that students stop and stare. I hate him, I hate him, I hate him! Is it possible to hate a human being so much? I hate him more than Katniss Everdeen hates President Snow. I hate him more than Jasmine hates bad grades. I hate him more than the girls hate each other on the freaking bachelor!

Yes, that is how much I hate the infamous Jameson Bryer.

My whole second period went something like this:

James annoys Lara. Lara hits James while teacher is not looking. James says something vulgar. Lara tries to smash a hardcover textbook on his face. James flirts with every girl in class. Lara rolls her eyes. James asks for help. Lara ignores James. Teacher bribes Lara to give her extra credit if Lara tutors James and he passes with at least a C. Stupid Lara agrees...etc. And this went on for the minutes of class before James asked to leave early for some reason. Then, I ended up losing it in the hallway. Oh wait...that's right now.

Yup, I'm sure you can tell why I'm as negative as an electron. Get it? I am too tired to even make another terrible joke. After the bell rang, I ran straight out of the classroom, not even glancing at anyone. I decide to try my best to avoid any interaction with that demon.

Holding my math binder and a heavy, hardcover textbook, I speed-walk to my third period class before I get the chance to see any of the boys. I look around frantically, like a serial killer on the loose. Luckily, there is no sight of the guys.

I still can't believe them! Before today, it was just me and my gals. Now, I have to cope with trying not to hurt them at every encounter. Ugh.

I enter the class, and for the first time, the teacher is here before the students. I read my schedule last night and was immediately excited after finding out that my teacher was Ms. Kelleher. She's one of my favourite teachers since she's not strict and is pretty funny. I had her for science in ninth grade and she teaches grade eleven math now. She looks up from her salad and gives me a warm smile. I sit at one of the front desks and put my backpack onto the ground.

"Hey Ms. K, how was your summer?" I ask casually. Usually I'd be intimidated to start a conversation with a teacher, but Ms. K is very friendly and students talk to her like she's a friend.

"Oh, darling it was extravagant!" she voices. There is such a fancy ring to her voice. Her British accent just makes it sound all the better. Back in ninth grade, she'd sometimes get distracted and ended up telling us such interesting stories about her childhood back in England. "I went back to London for the summer and visited my family. It was just wonderful!"

"Wow! That does sound amazing!" I say in awe.

I wonder what it would be like to go to England. I've been to quite a few places, but I haven't been to Europe...yet. My family likes to go to the Philippines every five years. Other than that, we like to travel to other places for vacation, mostly south. I love visiting new places, seeing different cultures, and just the thrill of hopping onto a plane. If it were up to me, I'd visit every ancient ruin, natural landscape, and historical architecture. But my family isn't too big on things like that. They're mostly like, "Hey let's relax at a resort on the beach!"

I'm very thankful though, I know that most people aren't as privileged as me. My parents and the rest of my family grew up very poor, but they worked hard to give my sister and I the life we have today. I can never complain.

"How was your summer, Lara?" she asks.

"Actually, I was in the Philippines for the summer. It was reall-"

"De la Cruz!"

I am interrupted for the hundredth time today by the voice of the same, idiotic person. Holy shizballs. Whenever I turn around, bad things happen. First, I become a seventh wheel. Second of all, I see my worst enemy. Third of all, the present situation that I am in.



"Lara!" he calls out, thowing his bag over his shoulder as he approaches me. As he does so, he unintentionally flexes his biceps, causing a chain reaction of drooling girls.

Oh please, he isn't even that handsome. Just because his dark brown hair is styled up, his thin shirt shows off his muscular physique and he's Mr. Heartthrob, does not mean that he looks good. I mean, young Leonardo DiCaprio in The Titanic was so much cuter! I could name endless book characters whom I would categorize as much hotter than James. For example, Gale from the Hunger Games, Tobias/Four from Divergent, Maxon from The Selection, Prince Kai from Cinder, Prince Cal from Red Quee-

that does not The slam of hands on my desk bring me back to earth. Why can't I just stay in my book character paradise forever? I glare at a smirking James.

"Are you stalking me? This is basically harrassment! I could sue you for this! Why are you even here?" I demand, frustrated at the imbecile standing in front of me.

"I am in this class, De la Cruz."

Why does he keep calling me by my last name? This is getting extremely annoying. And hold the phone! What the fishballs? He doesn't even have math this semester! I caught a glimpse of his schedule in second period!

"Haha, so funny." I remark, my face like stone. "You don't have math this semester!"

"I didn't have math this semester." he states.

"Exactly! So get out!" I shout, not really caring that teacher is five feet away from us and that my classmates probably think that I am a lunatic.

"Ah, I thought you were good at english? I said that I didn't have math this semester. Let me enlighten you with how exactly the past tense works."

didn't I think I might actually consider a life in prison if that means I can murder him. I pity his future hockey wife. (If he's even able to get one!) He should come with instructions so that the people who come in contact with him will not malfunction at the sight of his ego at an instant.

I grit my teeth, wanting to smack him and his smart-*** mouth. "Stop acting like you know everything! Who are you, Google ?"

Google Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out. My Phys. Ed. teacher said that breathing exercises would help in calming a person's heart rate. Clearly, it's not helping!

"No. This cannot be happening." I mumble to myself, making myself look even crazier than I already seem. "You are calm, stay calm, this is not actually happening..."

"Lara, darling, are you okay?" Ms. K asks with concern.

I face her and nod. I try my best not to explode in anger and fury. She pulls out a piece of paper and starts examining it. A crossed look emerges on her face.

"James is it?" she questions him. "Hon, I'm afraid I don't see you on my class list."

At those words, the tension in my brain releases and I breath out. Yes! Yes! Yes! Phew. Thank God! Thank the Lord Almighty! I really can't handle another 75 minutes with this demon! One class is more than enough.

"That might be because I just switched my classes a few minutes ago." James explains and my hope sinks to the pits of my stomach. All hope is lost! No!

I feel as if everything inside my body goes numb. At this point, I might as well faint. Is this a nightmare? Please, someone tell me that it is a nightmare.

I turn to Ms. K and plead, "Can I transfer classes?"

She looks at me with despair and sighs. "I'm afraid that it's too late for that, darling. Besides, James looks like such a nice boy."



I almost choke at her words. Nice boy? James? Has nice gotten a new meaning that I haven't heard of?

Nice- adjective. Meaning pleasant, agreeable, or satisfactory.

Nice- adjective. Meaning pleasant, agreeable, or satisfactory. It is either my teacher has gone completely insane, or Google has lied to me. I'll have you know that Google never lies to me. Well, Google Translate has. I'm never using that thing for another french project.

Question: Is James nice?

Hypothesis: If that is the definition of nice, then James is the complete opposite.

Observations:

1. James has had about six "relationships" since we started highschool. This does not include the weekly flings, or girls that he has probably slept with.

2. He is the cause of makeup malfunctions in the girl's washroom. Do you know how many times I almost slipped because of puddles caused by stupid girls crying over the idiot? Also, I almost died after slipping on bottles of concealer on the floor! Apparently, when girls cry, they have to "retouch". He's the cause of so many possible injuries.

3. He likes embarrassing unsuspecting people in the hallways. For example, me.

Conclusion: James is definitely NOT NICE. In fact, he is the meanest, grossest, most revolting being on the planet.

Hmm...I could actually hand this in as a lab report. Well, I would have to add the other parts like the purpose, the materials...etc, but this is gold right here!

I stare blankly at Ms. K, hoping that she gets the telepathic message that I am transferring to her (James is not nice, he is a demon in a human body).

Suddenly, Mark saunters into the classroom as well. He looks a bit uncomfortable as he tries to avoid the gaze of the flirtatious girls. He was never a player, which is one of his best qualities.

He looks at us, confused as to why James and I are arguing yet again. He nervously waves over to us and we wave back at him. I gesture for him to come over and he hesitates for a second before walking over to us.

He knows that our argument is going to escalate. Judging by his motion, he doesn't want to be a part of this. Everyone knows to stay at least ten feet away from us when we go to war.

But Mark isn't scared of us, well at least he isn't scared of James, he's scared of being part of the center of attention. He figets with his fingers as he looks from James to me. He's not the most confident one in the group.

Finally, Mark speaks. "Bro, I thought you had french for third period?" Even Mark is confused!

"I did...but I realized that I wanted to have math this semester so I went to guidance and switched." he reveals, a devilish smile creeping up on his face.

"Awesome! Now we can all hang out when we study!" Mark pipes, cheerfully.

Remind me to tell him to jump off a bridge.

I smack him in the arm and glare at him. "Seriously? James and study are two words that'll NEVER be in the same sentence."

"Wow." James gasps, placing a hand on his heart as if I had just stabbed him in the heart. "Don't forget, you're going to be my bio tutor for the rest of the semester." he reminds me in a sing-song voice while he wiggles his finger.

Mark looks at me. His eyes saying: What happened to you? Did you guys become friends within the last two hours?

I just shake my head implying, no, I still hate him and I might go to jail for first degree murder soon.

no, I still hate him and I might go to jail for first degree murder soon. I go to my desk and slump down on the chair. James sits right beside me and I snarl at him.

I raise my hand. "Ms. K? Can you please move Jameson to the other side of the class. I wouldn't want my education to be disturbed. As you can tell, he is very annoying."

"Uh, I guess we could do that." She turns to James, "I want you to focus on your education too, instead of flirting."

At that, my face goes red and I try to summon a wave of invisibility. It ain't coming! Flirting? James to me? Hahaha...nope. Funniest thing I have ever heard.

She continues, "Frankly, this is a math class. Not a coffee shop."

James stares at me, laughs at my embarrassment, and Ms. K just smiles at us. I don't really know what do anymore. What do you do when your mortal enemy crashes your math class and your favourite teacher betrays you? The betrayal is real people! It hurts!

Solution: Evacuate the premises. I'm moving to Alaska now. Someone help me pack my bags, change my name to Paola Maria José Fernando, and get a fake passport. I am immigrating there. Yup. That is the solution.

Hello! Thank you guys so much for reading this! A special thanks to those who voted and commented! I saw that some of you added this book to your reading list and I was really happy that you found this interesting enough to read it. So, do you guys hate or like James? And don't worry, there will be some relatable ish coming up! If you enjoyed this chapter, be sure to vote and share! And comment cause I wanna see what you guys think of my story. Also, follow my account to be able to see when I plan to update. I usually post stuff as I am writing. Anyways, BE YOU AND BE AWESOME! See you in tip 4!

Hello! Thank you guys so much for reading this! A special thanks to those who voted and commented! I saw that some of you added this book to your reading list and I was really happy that you found this interesting enough to read it. So, do you guys hate or like James? And don't worry, there will be some relatable ish coming up! If you enjoyed this chapter, be sure to vote and share! And comment cause I wanna see what you guys think of my story. Also, follow my account to be able to see when I plan to update. I usually post stuff as I am writing. Anyways, BE YOU AND BE AWESOME! See you in tip 4! Hello! Thank you guys so much for reading this! A special thanks to those who voted and commented! I saw that some of you added this book to your reading list and I was really happy that you found this interesting enough to read it. So, do you guys hate or like James? And don't worry, there will be some relatable ish coming up! If you enjoyed this chapter, be sure to vote and share! And comment cause I wanna see what you guys think of my story. Also, follow my account to be able to see when I plan to update. I usually post stuff as I am writing. Anyways, BE YOU AND BE AWESOME! See you in tip 4! -Summer

-Summer -Summer "My life is like a romantic comedy except there's no romance and it's just me laughing at my own jokes."

-Unknown





Tip Four: Keep on Guard


It feels okay...I guess. Well, as okay as it can get when you have to endure another class with Jameson Bryer. At least he's on the other side of the class. Far, far, away. Ms. K goes on about her summer, telling us endless stories rather than teaching us an actual lesson. Most of my classes were the same, except for english. Nobody really does actual work on the first day of school.

We have C lunch. Meaning, the last lunch. There are 3 lunches: A, B, and C.

A lunch is after second period, which seems way too early to eat lunch. B lunch is fine. It's in the middle of third period. So, if you have a boring class, you get a 40 minute break in the middle. C lunch is after third period. By this time, students are hungry animals. Trust me, don't try to buy the cafeteria food during C lunch because it's like animals fighting for the last waterhole in the African Savanna. All is not fair in love and food. I shiver at the thought.

The bell for C lunch rings. I gather up my things and shove them down my backpack. I throw my bag over my shoulder and say goodbye to Ms. K as I head out the door.

I walk to my locker, greeting people whom I know. I wave, smile, say hello, and repeat. That's just what I do. I'm not exactly popular, but I'm not that loser that has to deal with mean girls like in those cliché highschool stories. I'm a people person, with the right people of course. To most people, I do my best to be friendly, or at least respect them.

But if you are going to be rude to me, I'll happily ignore you. Do it again though? We're going to have trouble. By we, I mean you.

I slam my books on the shelf, and grab my lunchbag from the hook. Then, I go down the stairs and make my way to the cafeteria.

I glance around, looking for an empty seat among the crowd. I see a waving hand and my face lights up the sight of my friends sitting at a table, a spot saved for me.

I run over to them. "Hey guys!"

Carol is the first one to speak. "Finally! Our teachers let us go for lunch early!"

I sit down on the bench and open my lunchbox. I take my thermos and a spoon out. Opening the lid, I see that I have grilled chicken on rice. Starving, I stuff my face. And I probably look like a chipmunk doing so.

I look at the girls and raise an eyebrow. "Care to explain this morning?"

They nod to Carol and she takes a breath, probably thinking of the least dangerous way to start the explanation.

"So when did you and Mark get together?" I ask, like someone from the police department. Right now, I feel like a good cop.

Carol shrugs cooly, like getting a boyfriend and not telling your best friend is a normal occurrence. No biggie, right? "It was in the beginning of summer, he told me that he had feelings for me and I felt the same."

I tap my index finger on my chin and pretend to think. "Hmm...not descriptive enough."

Carol's eyes widen. "What do you mean? Do you want me to describe it to you in romantic teen-fiction form?" She laughs jokingly at me.

"Yes. I'd appreciate that very much." I declare, my face in all sorts of seriousness. "I mean, unless you would rather I ask your dear Mark."

I almost laugh at the look that line brings to her face. Hilarious! But, I wouldn't want to ruin my serious facade. I think I'd look pretty awesome as a detective or a crime scene investigator.

"Uh, um, okay. Well, here goes... Imagine this, I go to the school field, right? So there I was, the sky was grey, and I was practicing shooting techniques for soccer."



"Okay...tell me more." I muse.

"Then, Mark came up to me and asked if he could practice with me. I was like, sure. Then as we were in the middle of passing the ball to each other, it started to rain. Like, really hard. I started to scream since I was wearing my new cleats for the first time and-"

I interrupt her mid-sentence. "Wait, you screamed because of shoes?"

Carol wasn't one to worry about her clothes. She could be wearing some next brand dress and still manage to get a mud stain on it. Not that she wore dresses though. She gets into fights quite a bit, since she lives with three brothers.

"Yeah! Dude!" she almost screams. "I saved up like 200 dollars for those cleats! I didn't want to ruin them on the first day!"

"Okay then, proceed with the story."

"So I screamed and Mark picked me up. Like, literally carried me bridal-style. I asked him what the heck he was doing and he said that he didn't want my shoes to get muddy."

I internally swoon and ship them in my head. That was freaking cute, I have to admit. It seems like something out of a movie. My brain fights my heart as I try not to smile at an overload of adorable. Don't smile, don't react, remember to be serious. I am a investigator, not a fangirl. Unless you tell me about books...that's a different story.

Carol keeps going. "We stood under the roof of the school and waited for the rain to stop. He told me how he felt and I did the same. That's how it began!"

"Cool." I nod, as if the story wasn't that interesting. I turn to Kiera. "Your turn!"

Kiera seems much calmer after seeing Carol go first and eagerly starts her story. "I'm guessing that you want a descriptive paragraph?"

I almost laugh. "More like...descriptive essay."

She starts. "So it was in the beginning of summer as well. I was at the mall, y'know, like I usually am. I went to Starbucks and ordered my favourite drink-"

"A Caramel Frappuccino." Jasmine, Carol and I say in unison. We all know Kiera's most beloved Starbucks drink. Whenever we go there, she gets the same thing!

"Correct!" she gushes. She keeps going with the story, "Anyways, after I ordered, I was walking out of there and Daniel bumped into me! Like, he literally bumped into me! My drink spilled all over my clothes and I almost died from public embarrassment."

"Dang it! I should've been there to laugh at you!" I grumble, snapping my fingers.

Kiera glares at me and continues. "Thanks Lara. So after that incident, he offered to pay for new clothes since he ruined mine. But, I said it was okay. He asked for my number and I gave it to him. We started to text often and he asked me out on a date. One date lead to another and another until he asked me to be his girlfriend. Now, here we are!"

I give her the nod of approval. Last is Jasmine! "Okay Jas, now tell me how you ended up with a boyfriend. Furthermore, that guy out of all guys in the world?"

"He's not going to play me if that's what you're thinking." she counters.

I roll my eyes and she ignores me.

"So I was at home, practicing the violin and afterwards piano. I had decided that I'd use the entire break to improve my skills-"

"Improve?" I cry, my voice cracking in shock. Jasmine is a musical genius! She plays eight different types of instruments, but her favourites are the piano and violin. "You've been playing since you were two, you've already been scouted by the number one music industry in North America, and you're basically a known child prodigy!"



"There is always room for improvement."

"Okay that's true."

She tells her story, "So I went to the Centre of the Arts in downtown, to practice on the stage there. The director, my mom's friend, told me that I was welcome anytime and that the stage was never occupied. I went to the stage with my violin, but I heard this melodious music and creeped in. Behind the curtains, I could see that it was Logan. He was on the stage and he played a stunning version of The River Flows in You on the grand piano. I was so shocked since I thought he only played, well, hockey. I went in and he saw me. I told him that he was amazing! He asked me to not tell alot of people since the secret was so special to him."

The River Flows in You I almost want to ask why she is telling us if it's a secret, but she reads my mind and explains it next.

"He told me that it was fine if I told you guys since he trusts you, but the only others who know this are Mark, Daniel, and James. So, don't tell other people, okay?"

We all nod in agreement. I find it kind of cute that such a tough guy can have such a beautiful passion. But I'm not planning on telling him that. It would make my previous threat sound invalid.

"Anyways, I knew the song on my violin so we played it together. At first, we sounded like dying cats. But we met up and practiced everyday until we sounded amazing. After all the practices, we became very close. I noticed that he'd stopped going to parties on Friday nights to stay at home with me and watch romantic movies. My parents didn't mind, but as far as they know, we're just friends." she smiles sadly at this point.

I can't help but feel that pang of sadness for her. Jasmine never really had a crush on many guys growing up. When she loves, she truly loves. I think that they may actually be falling in love.

I mean, what is love anyways? It's really just some chemicals in our brains!

Oh gosh, I am losing them to those stupid chemicals.

"We started dating only a few weeks ago and he has made so much effort to be a more responsible person. He said that he wanted to give me the best version of himself." she sighs dreamily.

Again, my brain and my heart clash in a sword fight. My heart wants me to become a mushy, romantic, softy, while my brain wants me to start constructing a battle plan to get rid of their boyfriends. There is only one problem with choosing my brain.

I want them to be happy.

Clearly, these starstruck love-zombies that I call friends are happy when these guys are around so I might as well get used to it.

I sigh, "I'll try my best not to kill them, but I'm not making any promises."

At those words, they smile from ear to ear. I roll my eyes and smile as well. They must feel so relieved knowing that the serial-boy-killer Lara is contained for now.

Lunch has barely started, so more people start coming into the cafeteria. Along with those people are James, Daniel, Logan, and Mark. Knowing them, they will try to find their girlfriends and have a disgusting make-out session. I am not up for that. Luckily, they haven't seen us yet. If there is anything a seventh wheel has to be aware of, it is the deadly make-out. I must do anything to avoid that situation. Cue Plan A!

"Hey guys, do you wanna come up with me? I need to go to my locker." I say cooly, like the chill person that I am.

"Lara," Kiera starts, "Lunch just started! Don't you want to sit down and relax for a bit?"

Plan A is not working! Damn it! I wrack my brain, thinking of an alternative plan. But by this time, the boys have spotted us and they walk towards our table.

Mark sits beside Carol and kisses her on the cheek. Daniel sits beside Kiera and kisses her on the forehead. Then there's the other couple.

While everyone else is trying to be the slightest bit modest, Jasmine and Logan are here having a full on make-out session! I want to do a mixture of throwing up and/or pluck my eyeballs out. Suddenly, I am not hungry anymore and I turn to leave the group. I knew this was bound to happen. This is the problem with couples. When you walk in the hallways, you always seem to see those couples that are trying to make babies against the lockers. *Cue the shiver and disgusted face.

I knew this was bound to happen. I can't take this.

I get up from my seat, grabbing my stuff. I wave goodbye and start planning out a better battle plan to avoid a future situation like this.

Where's my graph paper?

Hello guys! Did you like the love stories of the three? I feel like each love story could be a separate book! Hahaha! Anyways, I really don't like when people at school just PDA EVERYWHERE! It is one of my pet peeves. Did you enjoy the chapter? If you did, make sure to vote (It really helps!) and tell me exactly what you liked or did not like about this chapter/book. Also if you know someone that might find this interesting as well, maybe share it to them!

Hello guys! Did you like the love stories of the three? I feel like each love story could be a separate book! Hahaha! Anyways, I really don't like when people at school just PDA EVERYWHERE! It is one of my pet peeves. Did you enjoy the chapter? If you did, make sure to vote (It really helps!) and tell me exactly what you liked or did not like about this chapter/book. Also if you know someone that might find this interesting as well, maybe share it to them! Hello guys! Did you like the love stories of the three? I feel like each love story could be a separate book! Hahaha! Anyways, I really don't like when people at school just PDA EVERYWHERE! It is one of my pet peeves. Did you enjoy the chapter? If you did, make sure to vote (It really helps!) and tell me exactly what you liked or did not like about this chapter/book. Also if you know someone that might find this interesting as well, maybe share it to them! Why live in grey when you can live in colour?

Why live in grey when you can live in colour? Why live in grey when you can live in colour? -Summer

-Summer -Summer P.S.

A THOUSAND FREAKING TIMES THANK YOU FOR THE SUPPORT! I'm not lying when I say that all of your comments and votes make me smile to myself and make me sing random disney songs at 8:47 a.m. during my art class. The people sitting around me think that I am-

P.S. P.S.

A THOUSAND FREAKING TIMES THANK YOU FOR THE SUPPORT! I'm not lying when I say that all of your comments and votes make me smile to myself and make me sing random disney songs at 8:47 a.m. during my art class. The people sitting around me think that I am- A THOUSAND FREAKING TIMES THANK YOU FOR THE SUPPORT! I'm not lying when I say that all of your comments and votes make me smile to myself and make me sing random disney songs at 8:47 a.m. during my art class. The people sitting around me think that I am- A bad singer?

A bad singer? A bad singer? No, I was going to say crazy.

No, I was going to say crazy. No, I was going to say crazy. "You know that tingly little feeling you get when you like someone?

That's common sense leaving your body."

-Unknown



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Tip Five: Be Forever Alone


As I leave the cafeteria, I decide that I do not want to go upstairs just yet. Frankly, lunch has only began like ten minutes ago and I still have another thirty minutes. I head over to the library and greet the librarian. She was always really friendly and nice to talk to. Plus, I was basically always in the library, looking for a new read. After, I go to the fiction section of the library and start looking at the spines of the books.

Being stuck in the middle of the tall bookshelves makes me feel safe. I'm not exactly sure why, but it feels like I've just been disconnected from the rest of the world. I am just about to pull out a book with a bright red spine when I feel a tap on my shoulder.

"James, I don't want to talk to you!" I whisper-yell without turning to face the demon. If I wasn't in a library, I would actually scream at his face. Why is he trying to be all stalker-ish today? "Get away from me! Stop annoying me! What the heck is with you today-"

A familiar voice stops my sentence. "It's not James," he says, laughing quietly.

If you've seen the Disney movie, Inside Out , then you will realize that at this moment, the little people controlling my feelings are going crazy. At this moment, my brain is sending signals to my heart to go over its maximum heart rate and try to kill me off. At this moment, any common sense that I have, all the tests telling me that I am intelligent, do not matter because my body is about to turn the switch and activate the Lara that I do not appreciate.

Inside Out Maybe if I try my best to be cool, I might actually be able to pull off a conversation with him. Right? I turn around and he smiles, that Crest 3D White Toothpaste commercial smile. Then, I realize that any hope that I had for being normal has vanished into thin air and it is too late.

Activate awkward-self humiliation-mode.

Activated.

I look up at Holden, not knowing what to say except, "What are you doing here?"

If I could punch myself right now, I totally would. What is he doing here? Really? Of course he would be here! The library is a part of the freaking school, Lara! Is it illegal for him to be here? Obviously he is here to get a freaking book! Why else would he be here! I hate myself sometimes.

He raises an eyebrow but still responds. "Um, well I was looking for a novel."

I nod. "Obviously. I mean, why else would someone be at a library? Well, I guess there are computers here and a lot of people play chess. Most people just come here to study but it's the first day of school meaning no work meaning no people studying. So I guess you would have to be getting a book here after eliminating the other options unless-" I stop myself there, realizing that I am mumbling quickly like a crazy person and he probably did not understand a word I said. "Sorry." I say shyly, adjusting my black framed glasses.

"You're funny." he states, out of the blue. He runs his fingers through his dirty blond hair and smiles at me.

What is with this guy and smiling?

"Thanks?" I reply, but it comes out more like a question. I stare at the tips of my shoes, hoping to not embarrass myself any further than I already have.

"Lara, can I ask you a question?" he asks, his eyes looking a bit hesitant.

Wait. Wait a minute. Is he going to ask me out? Is this the moment that I have been waiting for since the seventh grade? Is this the moment from the books and movies, that I've screamed and squealed about? Is it really happening? Only one way to find out.

"Sure!" I extol. Is this it? "What is it?"

"I like someone." he manages to say.

"Who?" I ask, hoping to the Lord that it is me.



"I've known you for a long time and I need your help with the girl I like. You're friends with Annaliese, right?"

It is at this very moment that my childhood crush breaks my heart. I can't believe that my first crush is finally over. We've been friends since the sixth grade, but I never told him about my little crush on him. Now, here we are on the first day of Junior Year and he still doesn't know. Why is this all happening? It's the freaking first day! Today is supposed to be the least eventful day of the school year! I know that I haven't told him straight up, but does he not notice any of my lame flirting that has been going on for more than four years? If I were him, I would have ran like Usain Bolt at that first time I tried talking to him after developing a tiny crush on him.

Guys are oblivious.

But why am I not that sad? I mean, I feel a bit disappointed but not enough to cry over ice cream. Okay, I know! It is because I am an independent woman who is not hurt by guys. That is exactly it.

that Wait...did I even like him? Of course I did! Shouldn't I feel hurt? Hmm...strange.

"Um...yeah." I manage to spit out. His eyes light up at that.

"Do you think you could help me out with Annaliese? I really like her."

"Sure!" I exclaim, then immediately wonder why I just said that. For some reason, I feel willing to help this ship sail. I don't even know anymore. For one thing, I know that Annaliese has a crush on him. We're pretty good friends. I haven't told anybody about my tiny crush on Holden, not even The LKJC (Our group name)! But, Annaliese is one of my closest friends. I know about her crush on Holden but she doesn't know about mine.

"Lara you are actually the best friend ever! So can you talk to her?"

"Yeah, don't worry! I am on it! I'm basically a relationship expert...plus, I'm a pretty good wing-man, erm, I mean, wing-woman."

We both laugh at that and I bid him goodbye, saying that I have to go up to my locker. Being forever alone is a chance for me to focus on being a strong, independent woman. Yup, that's what it is.

Now that I think about it, they would make a really good couple. And I think that Holden and I would be better off as friends like we were before. Now, I don't have to feel so awkward. I sigh. It feels freeing.

I walk out of the library and make my way. I jog towards the staircase and open the door that leads to it. I place my foot on the first step, when I am suddenly pulled back by a strong arm. He pulls me to face him, and we stand there face to face.

I cringe at the sight of his arrogant self. "Ugh! Let go of me! I don't want to catch your contagious stupidity!"

His lips form a slight grimace. "Don't worry, I'll be way smarter after you tutor me in bio and math."

The heck? I am tutoring him in bio, but not math. Besides, calculus is sure to be hard enough as it is. "Bio and math?"

and "Yup." he says, popping the p. A smirk forms on his lips.

"Nope." I reply, popping the p as he did. I turn to escape but he grabs my elbow.

"You're great at math, therefore you will tutor me." he states. Clearly, James is in a parallel universe/dreamland. As if a little compliment would sway me to his side. I'll tutor him in math when Zayn rejoins One Direction. Oh, how sad Kiera was that day. That girl was almost drowning in her own tears when he left. I, of course, comforted her as the good friend that I am.

Right after I laughed at her, that is.

"Really? Who made you king of the universe?" I retort, narrowing my eyes at him.



To the naked eye, the species of Laralium Delacruzatious is significantly smaller than the species of Jamesonius Bryermotanium, which grows to be about roughly 6 feet and 2 inches. But if you look closely, the brain size of the Laralium Delacruzatious is much, much larger than that of a Jamesonius Bryermotanium .

Laralium Delacruzatious Jamesonius Bryermotanium, Laralium Delacruzatious Jamesonius Bryermotanium He smirks that annoying smirk of his. "I was born a king. I mean look at me! I'm handsome, athletic, charming..." he lists on his fingers. "What's not to like?"

I place my fingers on my chin in fake thought. "Hmm...let's see. You are an ego-maniac and you think of yourself in such a way that if your big head exploded, the impact would be 100 times greater than that of an atomic bomb!"

"Whatever." he says cooly, like my words were just feathers that he brushed off of his broad shoulders. He speaks again. "You have to tutor me in math. I'll even pay you for your precious time."

precious I let out a chuckle before answering his majesty. "Sorry Bryer, but unlike your other flings, I'm not after the money that the heir to the largest retail chain has to offer."

Exhibit A: James' jaw clenches as I bring up the subject of him being the successor to his father's company. I pulled a nerve right there. I know him very well. Well enough to know that he hates people knowing about his relation with the most successful businessman of the century. Girls chase him for 5 things: his looks, his social status, his popularity, his talent, and sadly, his money.

He calms down and resumes his cocky personality. "What do you want then?"

"I want you to go to Australia and get lost in the outback! Maybe you'd have fun encountering a poisonous snake as well. If you are not willing to do that, then leaving me alone would be fine." I yell, my voice fierce like those people on soap-operas.

"No, I mean what do you want in order for you to tutor me?" he questions, his face a bit mortified from my last few sentences.

"First of all, I want nothing because I am not helping you in Calculus."

This is the point where I would normally cue my dramatic exit, but James here is gripping onto my elbow as if his life depends on it.

He shakes his head. "You've left me with no choice."

The heck! What in the world is this boy thinking? I could really use some spell to see into his mind right now. I look at him, half scared and half curious.

He gives me an evil smirk, with the kind of wickedness that you could only find from the evil queen herself. The same grin that she had when she offered Snow White that poisonous apple.

"If you don't tutor me in math as well as bio, I'm going to tell Holden about your little crush on him." he says with an innocent smile.

BLACKMAIL! Oh my gosh! This is not even fair! Oh shizballs, what am I going to do? I already know that he doesn't like me! Wait a freaking minute...how the hell does he know about this?

"W-w-whaaat?" I stammer, lengthening the "a" sound. "Crush? Holden? As if!"

One thing that you must know about me is that I am the worst possible liar that you will ever encounter. I'm basically Pinocchio, because when I lie, it's as obvious as a growing nose.

"Really? You know, you're very readable." he states. He hasn't talked to me in how many years? He has no right to tell me something about myself! Don't you dare call me "readable" you f-ing snobby-arrogant-douchebag-jerkface! But, I say all this in my head, so nobody except me can hear it.

Don't you dare call me "readable" you f-ing snobby-arrogant-douchebag-jerkface! I raise an eyebrow at him. "As if you know everything about me. I don't like him! Besides, where did you get that idea from?"

"It could be your lame excuse for flirting. You know, that thing that you've been doing for a while now."

Damn it! Why is the wrong person noticing this! Sure this is exactly how my life works! I flirt with one guy who is oblivious and the douchebag notices instead. Just great!

"I don't flirt. I do not have a crush on Holden. And I AM NOT TUTORING YOU IN MATH!" I shout, hoping to scare him away.

Just as he is about to respond, Holden walks in and looks at us, eyes wide in confusion. The sight of James gripping my elbow and our faces less than a ruler length apart greet him. The evil grin returns on James' lips, as he turns to Holden.

He eyes me then proceeds to talk to Holden. "Hey man! What's up? Lara and I were just talking about you!" He pauses to look at me and I stare at him with my face on alert-mode. I am going to kill him! "She was telling me that-"

I go to James and grab his arm playfully. To Holden, it would look like a friendly action. In reality, I am digging my nails into his skin so hard that I am surprised that he is not bleeding.

He winces, but continues. "She was telling me that you-"

I interrupt him in attempt to save my butt. "I was saying that you are so great at math that you could tutor James!"

James shakes his head. "Yeah, but she also said something about how she-"

I jump in once again. "I'm going to be the one to tutor James though, um, since he lives closer to me."

James looks at me, with that look of victory. Ugh. I am so going to get him back. Holden looks at us like we're from another planet and says that he needs to go do something. We say bye, and when he is out of sight, I kick James in the shin. He holds his leg up, yelping and swearing from the force of my kick.

I rush upstairs and I hear him yell from below. "So, what's our study schedule?"

I think I might hurl myself down these stairs.

Aloha earthlings!

Thanks for reading another chapter of this book! So, don't you just hate James for blackmailing Lara? I mean, math is hard enough! Even harder to try and teach someone else. You know what's funny? I work on this rather than starting my actual english assignments... Anyways please, please vote if you are enjoying this! (Just give a little click to that little star thingy on the bottom left corner) :)And tell me what you think by commenting!

Aloha earthlings! Aloha earthlings!

Thanks for reading another chapter of this book! So, don't you just hate James for blackmailing Lara? I mean, math is hard enough! Even harder to try and teach someone else. You know what's funny? I work on this rather than starting my actual english assignments... Anyways please, please vote if you are enjoying this! (Just give a little click to that little star thingy on the bottom left corner) :)And tell me what you think by commenting! Thanks for reading another chapter of this book! So, don't you just hate James for blackmailing Lara? I mean, math is hard enough! Even harder to try and teach someone else. You know what's funny? I work on this rather than starting my actual english assignments... Anyways please, please vote if you are enjoying this! (Just give a little click to that little star thingy on the bottom left corner) :)And tell me what you think by commenting! -Summer

-Summer -Summer P.S. Thanks for more than 800 reads and more than 60 votes so far! I honestly did not think that I would meet such beautiful beings that can relate to my sense of humor! I LOVE Y'ALL SO FREAKING MUCH! Btw, I swear I put a thank you note on each person's page that added this to their reading list...but for some reason (after half an hour of typing!!!) it wasn't there on some pages. So this is my thanks! Btw, I may not update next Friday since I'm leaving on a plane for vacation soon! I'll be on the beach!

P.S. Thanks for more than 800 reads and more than 60 votes so far! I honestly did not think that I would meet such beautiful beings that can relate to my sense of humor! I LOVE Y'ALL SO FREAKING MUCH! P.S. Thanks for more than 800 reads and more than 60 votes so far! I honestly did not think that I would meet such beautiful beings that can relate to my sense of humor! I LOVE Y'ALL SO FREAKING MUCH! Btw, I swear I put a thank you note on each person's page that added this to their reading list...but for some reason (after half an hour of typing!!!) it wasn't there on some pages. So this is my thanks! Btw, I swear I put a thank you note on each person's page that added this to their reading list...but for some reason (after half an hour of typing!!!) it wasn't there on some pages. So this is my thanks! Btw, I may not update next Friday since I'm leaving on a plane for vacation soon! I'll be on the beach! Btw, I may not update next Friday since I'm leaving on a plane for vacation soon! I'll be on the beach!

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Same, just same...

Same, just same... Same, just same...





Tip Six: Walk a few Meters Away


I am here, standing in my last period class, Gym. My second mortal enemy. Obviously, the first would be the inevitable Jameson Bryer.

Luckily at Ridgeview Heights High School, the genders have separate gym classes. So thankfully, no guys can watch me humiliate myself. More so, it is impossible to be classmates with the 4 boys. Me and a few other girls are just standing and chatting on the court, waiting for everyone else to finish changing. Along with those changing girls are Kiera, Jasmine and Carol. They came in a bit late, knocking on the changeroom door for someone to let them in. I left them there since I don't like sticking around in that humid room after I've changed.

While the other girls are socialising and getting caught up on the latest gossip, I am thinking of ways to escape the grave that I just dug for myself when I was forced to tutor that demon. Hmm...let's see. Well, I have a few options:

1. Murder James. Okay, okay, maybe that's a tad bit too violent. But I mean, as long as I can find a place to hide the body, I'll be fine.

2. Buy him an airplane ticket to Australia. Technically, I would be doing him a favour. He could really use some experience dealing with snakes and that sort of stuff in the outback. Maybe he'd be humbled by the near death experience.

3. Hire a professional tutor to tutor him. I'm sure that his parents would like the most qualified teacher for their son.

4. Beat him up myself. Please, I'm almost 99.9% sure that me, a 5'4" girl could beat him up. I mean, he's only like a foot taller than me. And it's not like his body has this freaking huge muscular build. Haha...

Okay. Clearly I have run out of ideas. Idea 1 cannot work because if I want to get into University and become a doctor, I can't be rotting in a prison cell. Idea 2 and 3 won't work either, considering the fact that I am broke and cannot even afford to buy lunch. Idea 4 is out of question because I don't want to get suspended for leaving him half-dead with injuries. (I could totally do that if you were thinking otherwise.)

Looks like I'm officially stuck with the douchebag.

The last of the girls walk into the gym, including the KJC of the LKJC. They run up to me and start giggling about their first day.

"Where'd you go?" Kiera asks me, about where I went after leaving them.

"Library." I answer bluntly.

"Wait, dude, why did you leave us?" Carol asks, while tying her medium-length brown hair into a high ponytail.

I raise my eyebrows at her then turn to Jasmine. "Well, if you guys can handle an extreme make-out session, I certainly cannot."

Jasmine's face flushes in embarrassment, but she gives me a shy smile. "Lara, kissing is normal in couples." she points out.

"Yeah, but trying to make babies in the cafeteria is a bit disturbing." I counter.

"We were only kissing!" she laughs hysterically.

"Well then, when you 'kiss' Logan," I make air quotations, "Do it when I am not present because I'd really like to keep my sense of sight."

The girls laugh at my ridiculous comment. But really, I am not kidding. The sight of couples sharing siliva and trying to swallow each other's tongues makes me want to vomit all over the floor. Not to be bitter or anything, but anything other than a cute little kiss on the lips is too much. It's one thing to press your lips in affection, but it is a whole new level when you sit ontop of a guy in a compromising position trying to single-handedly immobilize both of your tongues. It's like comparing the kisses in Disney Princess Movies to the kisses in The Notebook.



Just my opinion.

"Um, guys?" I ask hesitantly.

They turn to me and wait for me to start speaking.

"Don't forget me, even though you guys have relationships now, okay?" I smile sadly. Since I found out about the 3 boy-fries, I've been worried about losing them. People can really get caught up in romance that they tend to lose sight of friendship.

Carol raises an eyebrow. "How could we forget the L of the LKJC?"

"How can I forget the girl who threatened my boyfriend?" Jasmine comments.

"And how can I forget the girl who shoved me into a locker because I didn't share my food?" Kiera adds. "No seriously, I still have a bruise" She points to her arm.

"That was in eighth grade!" I argue.

"Exactly! And it's still here!"

We all laugh at that memory of Kiera slamming into the lockers after I literally wrestled her for some fries.

The sound of a sharp whistle pierces the air around us and all the girls face our gym teacher. She has that competitive look in her eyes. She is dressed in a full tracksuit and eyes each on of us.

"LADIES!" she screams at the top of her lungs. Who knew that it was capable for a human voice to reach that volume? "Welcome to grade 11 Phys. Ed.! My name is Mrs. Wellman and I will be your gym teacher for the semester!"

Mrs. Wellman explains various areas of the course, as to what will be expected of us this year. Needless to say, she is probably going to be the toughest teacher I've ever had. Having a hard teacher in your worst subject is worse than stepping on a piece of lego.

The three types of girls react to her ear-shattering speech.

Group A, a.k.a. the "sporty girls". These girls are basically on every sports team. Traits include: competitiveness, skill, fit bodies, and a no-room-for-losing attitude. They just stand there confidently because this class is no challenge to their ability. Carol and Jasmine are both in this group.

Group B, a.k.a. the "don't care" girls. As stated in the name, these girls don't really care about gym class. They're just here to get it over with. Traits include: a carefree attitude, chill personality, and eyebrows that are on fleek. These girls just pick at/examine their nails throughout Mrs. Wellman's speech. Kiera is in this group. She doesn't care about gym at all.

Group C, a.k.a. the "likes-sports-but-has-no-talent-what-so-ever" group. This group consists of one person, me. Sadly, I love playing sports but I have no talent at all! I was born a klutz, and prone to injury. As our teacher finishes her speech, I can't help but feel as though I might throw up since my determination can't get me the grade this time.

Our teacher claps and tells us to stand on a yellow court line. We all gather and line up, although we are confused as to what is going to happen.

"Okay ladies! We will be seeing your fitness level today! Time to start the beep test!" she yells. Holy freaking fishballs. It is at this very moment, a little piece of my dignity dies.

"Level 1-1" the speaker sounds, and we all run to the other side of the gym.

We have entered a dark place.

***

"Lungs...collapsing...breathing...unstable..." I pant on the bench. My face is looking sort of like a fire truck, and sweat is pouring out of me like a water fountain. I look like a potato. A very sweaty potato. It's been more than 5 minutes since the last of us quit and stopped, yet my heart is still not returning to its normal pace. The other girls look just fine though. For some reason, they still look like models and I look like I'm about to pass out! And I was the first one eliminated! I barely made it to level 3! That's how terrible I am!



Jasmine looks at me. "Lara, it wasn't that bad. You're over-reacting."

that I stare at her in bewilderment. Sure she can say that! She still looks like a covergirl model! I, on the other hand am resembling an ogre from a fairytale. It's like comparing Cinderella to her ugly stepsister! Wait, that's an understatement. I look more like one of the horses that drove the pumpkin carriage.

I catch my breath, only to grab her shoulders and shake her like a crazy person. "I'm not over-reacting! If anything, you're under-reacting! You made it to level 8!"

you're Jasmine and Carol stiffle a laugh. Carol made it to level 8-2!

"You women are crazy." I mutter, and this time they actually laugh.

The rest of the class goes by quickly, as Mrs. W goes on with more instruction. We just stand here in boredom, trying not to fall asleep on the gym floor.

Half an hour later, she ushers us out of the gym and we change in the changeroom.

The bell for the end of the day rings and I exit the building, finally free from the chains of school! I mean, I like education, but I hate school. Jasmine and I bid the two goodbye and walk in our direction home.

Jasmine and I are neighbours. Her house is very close to mine; there are only three houses separating us. We walk in the same direction that we've been accustomed to for the past 6 years. Jasmine isn't the most talkative, so I end up doing most of the talking.

"Oh my gosh Jas, I need to tell you what James did to me! He forced me to become his math tutor!" I whine, exaggerating a little to show how terrible the situation is.

Jasmine cringes a little and lightly pats my shoulder as I sign of sympathy. I place my head on her shoulder as we walk and fake cry.

"Jas! What do I do!" I cry. Right now, I need moral support. Dealing with James would be as difficult as trying to teach a monkey the english language.

She just shakes her head. "I'm sorry but I have no clue."

"I guess I'll just invite you to my funeral." I declare.

Jasmine plays along with my idea. "Don't worry, I'll even play your favourite song on the violin."

I laugh. "I wonder how Fake Love by Drake is going to sound on the violin!"

"You're probably the only person who would have that song at a funeral-"

"I got fake people showin' fake love to me! Straight up to my face!" I start singing loudly with hand gestures and almost instantly, the people walking in our direction stare at me.

Jasmine places her hand on my mouth to prevent me from attracting anymore unwanted attention. "Lara! People are staring!"

I pull her hand off my mouth. "Who wouldn't? With a voice like this?" I joke.

Jasmine rolls her eyes and we continue walking. We hear a loud yell from behind us. "Jas! Lara! Wait up!"

Logan runs up to us and kisses Jasmine on the cheek. You don't know how relieved I am that they didn't go on full make-out mode up in my face.

"Can I walk you home?" Logan asks Jasmine politely.

Jasmine looks at him longingly, and I know that she wants to go with him. She turns to me and back to Logan. "Sorry. I always walk with Lara."

I can see the expression on her face. She really wants to go with Logan. It's the same look that I give my beloved pizza when I first open the box. I know that I wouldn't want my friend to keep me from my meat lover's pizza. I can't keep Jasmine from her...um, thing that is less important than pizza.

"It's fine." I say, plastering a smile on my face. "I'm not going to die if you walk with Logan! Just go!"

to die I turn to Logan and automatically switch my facial expression. "I know that I only took self-defense, but I can defend my friends. I just wanted to let you know that."

I swear I see him gulp nervously.

I give my innocent smile. "Anyways, you guys have fun!"

Logan takes her hand and they walk infront of me. I trust Logan much more after hearing Jasmine's story but I'm not going to let him know that. Since we're all walking on the same sidewalk in the same direction, it feels incredibly awkward. Picture this, a cute, young couple walking and holding hands. But if you look closely, a loner girl is walking behind them and trying to drown herself out with her earphones playing sad Adele songs.

"Nevermind I'll find someone like youuuuu, ohhhhh...." I sing, loud and dramatic enough for the couple to stop and look back.

"I wish nothing but the best for youuuuu tooooo..." I keep going. I catch the couple staring at me and I stop.

"Sorry, I thought you guys could use some background music. Y'know, like in romantic montages?" I look at them before awkwardly making a heart shape with my hands. "Don't worry, I'll stop now."

They turn and proceed with their conversation and I go back to my songs. Except, not singing out loud.

I keep myself a few meters behind them, trying to give them space. Who needs someone to talk to when I have my sad Adele songs? Right?

Shoutout to the invention called the earphones! You have saved me from many awkward situations !

Shoutout to the invention called the earphones! You have saved me from many awkward Shoutout to the invention called the earphones! You have saved me from many awkward situations situations Wait...Summer...why is there an update? It's not Friday!

Wait...Summer...why is there an update? It's not Friday! Wait...Summer...why is there an update? It's not Friday! Well, I am catching a flight tomorrow and as I said, I can't update this Friday. So why not give you guys an early chapter instead?

Well, I am catching a flight tomorrow and as I said, I can't update this Friday. So why not give you guys an early chapter instead? Well, I am catching a flight tomorrow and as I said, I can't update this Friday. So why not give you guys an early chapter instead? How did you like this chapter? I know that Lara is such an awkward friend! Are you guys in the #Awkward fam? If you liked this chapter, please give it a vote! It shows me if you actually enjoy this book. (bottom left star thingy...) I really like reading feedback and relatable stuff so feel free to comment!

How did you like this chapter? I know that Lara is such an awkward friend! Are you guys in the #Awkward fam? If you liked this chapter, please give it a vote! It shows me if you actually enjoy this book. (bottom left star thingy...) I really like reading feedback and relatable stuff so feel free to comment! How did you like this chapter? I know that Lara is such an awkward friend! Are you guys in the #Awkward fam? If you liked this chapter, please give it a vote! It shows me if you actually enjoy this book. (bottom left star thingy...) I really like reading feedback and relatable stuff so feel free to comment! -Summer

-Summer -Summer P.S. A thousand and one thank yous to everyone reading! Especially to those who always vote and comment! ;) ILYSM THANKS FOR 1K READS!

P.S. A thousand and one thank yous to everyone reading! Especially to those who always vote and comment! ;) P.S. A thousand and one thank yous to everyone reading! Especially to those who always vote and comment! ;) ILYSM THANKS FOR 1K READS! ILYSM THANKS FOR 1K READS!





Tip Seven: Focus on Family


After the experiencing the most awkwardness humanly possible, I turn the key and enter my house. I am hoping to get some peace and quiet but then I remember that I am entering my house. Let's catch you up, shall we?

my My house is a jungle. Not a literal jungle, like where I was located for the summer but even more wild. When guests come over, our house and family is picture perfect. But on a regular day like this? I can barely make it to my bedroom alive. With 3 crazy sisters and 2 crazy parents and an even crazier grandmother, it's a wonder that I can keep a schedule. People can say that having brothers are a nightmare, but having crazy sisters is even worse. If you think about it, there are 5 women in this household who have periods at different times of the month. Result? A very hard time dealing with moodswings. I can barely handle my own, let alone 4 others! Plus, my Lola (grandmother) can be extremely chatty at times. Especially when it comes to my life.

I open the door, quiet as a mouse, hoping to not attract the attention of my family members. The millisecond that my toe scratches the surface of the floor, the sound of loud yelling hits my ears.

"It's not my fault that it broke again!" my mom yells at my dad in sassy english. They fight like this all the time. Not really fighting, but more like playful arguing. Like, they're not mad at each other, but they're just loud people?

"Dahil sa karamihan ng damit mo, na sira na naman ang closet!" he sighs loudly. (Because you have so many clothes, the closet broke again!)

I almost laugh. My parents had this same argument a few months ago when the shelves of my parent's closet broke and all of the clothes came tumbling down like an avalanche. It was mostly because of my mom's handbag collection, so my dad added another shelf. He also had to repair the one that fell. It was hilarious!

My mom just laughs at him, not disagreeing.

My dad continues. "Stop buying clothes! Ang dami mo ng damit!" (You already have so many clothes!)

I shake my head at the continuing battle between the two and make my way upstairs to my bedroom. By the time I get downstairs, my parents will probably be dying of laughter since towards the end of their "fights" it starts getting funny.

Lola Nora must be in her room sleeping, reading the bible, or checking her Twitter, since no one is attacking me with questions about the latest school gossip. Yes, she has a Twitter account, as well as an Instagram.

I lock my bedroom door and change my clothes. As I take off the tight jeans and lift my shirt over my head, I feel free. I unclasp my bra and throw it onto the bed. As every girl knows, taking off your bra is like letting go of weight or tight clothing. I put on my gray sweatpants and my favourite oversized t-shirt. I take my hair out of its intricate braid and clip it up with a giant clip.

I head downstairs, only to find my parents back to normal. Well, their type of normal. My mom sees me and asks, "When did you come home, Ara?"

"I came home like five minutes ago, but you guys were too busy fighting about your closet or something." I say, as I walk towards the kitchen in search for a snack.

"How was school?" mom asks, like she usually does when she gets home. Today was her day off work, but she usually comes 30 minutes after I get home.

"It was boring." I lie. But what am I supposed to say? Guess what mom? My three best friends just got boyfriends and I was blackmailed by a baboon?

"Really? Oh. Well Tita Gia called and asked me to say thank you to you for helping James out."

Tita in english, translates to aunt. No, James' mom is not my parent's sister. We're not even related! Not even a bit! But she and mom have been co-workers at Open Heart General Hospital since before I was even born. Needless to say, they've been friends for the longest time. And in the Philippines, you can almost call anyone tita. (From my 16 years of observation, that is.) I was trained to call anyone Filipina, (older sister) ate ( ah-teh ) or (aunt) tita ( tee-ta ). On the other hand, anyone filipino, (older brother) kuya ( koo-ya ) or (uncle) tito ( tee-to ).

ah-teh tee-ta koo-ya tee-to

"Oh...that." Damn it! I almost forgot! Now that Tita Gia knows about this, I cannot escape it. My family will probably disown me if I make them look bad infront of Tita Gia and Tito Danny.

"That?" my mom questions.

"I agreed to help him out in bio and math?" I tell her, but it comes out sounding like a question.

My mom is about to fire a hundred more questions, when the twins burst into the kitchen. As usual. Bree's long hair is styled in beachy waves. Who knows how long that took? Unlike me, the twins dyed their hair in a brown fading into blonde ombre. Like the majority of girls on instagram. Brook's hair looks the same as Bree's, although it is cut short.

Bree (Breanna) glares at me as I open a bag of chips. "What are you doing?" she gasps, as if I just committed a horrible crime.

I slowly place a handful of sunchips in my mouth and chew as quietly as possible. "Um...eating?" I respond with my mouth full.

"Oh my goodness! Who bought this junk? I'm trying to go on a diet!" she squeals angrily at me.

To be completely honest, I never know how I get into situations like this. I'm just a regular girl eating a bag of chips! Why does the world do this injustice to me! I thought I lived in a free country! A country that lets people eat chips freely! Where is the democratic system in this? Where is the fight? I demand a law suit!

Yeah...sometimes even I get confused in my own thoughts.

I munch on another handfull of chips.

"Hey Ara!" Brook (Brooklyn) calls out. "Think fast!" she yells before throwing a soft ball to my face. Sorry, not soft ball, as in a ball that is soft. But a softball, the one that hurts like a rock to your face.

softball, Luckily, I am used to her tactics. I swerve to my left and dodge that thing, but it ends up ricocheting from the cupboard and hits one of the flower vases. The vase topples and crashes onto the floor, the sharp, glass pieces scatters everywhere.

My dad storms into the room. "What was that noise?" He eyes the broken glass and dirt on the floor and turns to me. "Ara! Why are you throwing things!"

Let's recap. Here I am, minding my own business and eating some chips because I am starving. Yet, here I am also getting scolded for something that I did not do. Someone please tell me how our dear world works?

"I'm not!" I object. "Brook almost gave me a concussion with that softball!" I say, pointing at the twin who is trying her best to look innocent.

"Ara! Stop lying!" he yells at me. Brook is in the background giving me an evil smirk. I'm going to get you back , I think as I glare at her.

I'm going to get you back I turn to Bree who is on her iphone, just ignoring the scene going on in front of her face. "Bree! Tell dad that I didn't do anything," I plead.

She gives a smirk to Brook before saying, "Dad, she didn't. Brook was the one who started it."

Brook gasps and tries to maintain her composure. But the look in her eyes resembles that of a coyote about to kill. Bree better keep an eye out tonight. If anything, one twin always likes to do something to get the other one in trouble. The girls are best friends one day, and enemies the next. Quite exciting watching from the sidelines, but quite horrifying when you accidentally get caught in the war.

The doorbell rings.

"I don't care who started it! Clean it up!" he shouts, before leaving the room to get the door.

"Ara, you better clean that up." Bree states.

"What? Why me? I didn't do anything!" I complain. I seriously want to strangle my sisters sometimes. Brook and Bree can be such a pain. At 19 years old, I don't know what goes on in their brains.



Brook speaks. "Too bad. Bree and I have to go. We have basketball practice."

The two walk away. Who has time to worry about being a third wheel when I almost get killed in my own home by my own kind?

As you can probably tell, the twins are health freaks.

Bree is always up for the latest diet, resulting in the whole family changing our lifestyle every few months. Sometimes you can find a bag of chips lying around in our house, but only on lucky days. Today was a lucky day. She aims for that bikini body, which she has. Yeah, I ain't getting one of those anytime soon.

Brook on the other hand is more of the tomboy. She does diets too. But she just does it to make sure that she'll be the best in every single sport. When it comes to competition, Brook trains like an animal. She plays hard. I learned some of my self defense moves while defending myself from her growing up. When I was 7, she chased me on her bike. I was running away in an effort to not get run over!

I quickly shovel up the pieces of broken glass with a broom and the dustpan. After, I grab my chips and make my way to the couch. As I sit on the couch and grab the remote, I hear another yell among the chatter in the household. "I'm home!"

Illa (Camilla) is here. She skips up to me and the brightest smile is plastered on her face. Illa was always the super positive one in the family, Miss Sunshine. Her medium-length hair is also dyed blonde, but not in the ombre effect like Bree and Brook. Instead, all of it is in the sandy blonde colour. She wants it light so that it'll be easy to dye it like a "mermaid"? Yup, I think that's what she said.

"Ate Ara, guess what?" she almost squeals.

For some reason, I don't call the twins ate, but Illa calls me it. Technically, I should be calling them Ate Bree and Ate Brook, but it's too hard to change habits now.

"What?" I say. Illa is probably the most spunky and energetic 13 year old girl that I know of. She comes home everyday, excited about every little thing that happens in her life. Out of my three sisters, Illa and I get along the best.

"OMG! I had the best day ever at school today!" she exclaims joyfully. "Ask me why!"

"Um...okay." I mumble. "Why? It's the first day of torture and sleeplessness-"

Illa interrupts me mid-rant. "Thanks for asking, Ate. Anyways, guess who I am paired up with in science class?"

Not like I knew any of her friends anyways... How does this child expect me to guess? What am I, a mind reader? Instead of bestowing the beautiful gift of sarcasm on her, I just continue to play along.

"Who?"

She almost screams. "Kaden Lee!"

I sit there, confused on the couch. I do not know this person, nor can I be excited for Illa. She's never talked about a Kaden guy before...who is he?

"Illa, may I ask you, what exactly is the big deal?"

The girl infront of me almost faints. Instead of losing consciousness, she pulls out her brand new iPhone 7 and goes straight to her instagram account.

Don't ask me why a 13 year old girl has an iPhone 7 because frankly, I have no clue. I mean a phone at her age is pretty normal for our generation (But I still do not support giving babies iPhones to play with instead of toys) but I have no clue as to why she needs the newest iPhone. I mean, why spend so much money on her! A question for my parents.

Goes to show, the power of the youngest sibling.

She pulls out a picture of this "Kaden Lee" and holds it to my face. As if my eyesight wasn't bad enough. Hmm...the boy is quite attractive, for a 13 year old that is. I guess I can kind of see what Illa sees in him. But I mean, looks aren't everything.

"Ate. This is the big deal. He's frigging hot." she declares.

"Well...yay?" I manage to blurt out, with no enthusiasm in my voice.

She smiles and rolls her eyes. "Whatever. I'm going to tell Bree when she gets home. She'll get it."

She turns to walk away, but I catch her arm. "What do you mean, she'll get it? "

she'll get it? "I mean, you aren't really the type to...y'know, date." she says to me.

Defensively, I tell her, "Excuse me! Are you implying that I am never going to get a boyfriend?"

never "Don't worry. You're going to be that rich, successful woman who doesn't get married."

I'm not too sure whether that should be taken as a compliment or insult.

"You should've stopped at rich, successful woman." I glare at Illa.

She laughs hysterically and continues to skip down the hallway and proceed up the stairs. Woohoo, even my little sister knows that I'm forever single, and she's not even in high school!

I sit comfortably on the couch and flip through channels, hoping to find something interesting. There is nothing to watch, so I go to the National Geographic channel. Today, there is a documentary about the biodiversity of the Great Barrier Reef. I find documentaries quite interesting, especially the ones about ecosystems. Call me boring if you must.

The doorbell rings again. Ugh. I'm too lazy to get the door! But, my whole family is upstairs.

"Ara! Get the door!" my mom screams from upstairs.

"Fine!" I yell back.

Lazily, I get up from the couch and head over to our front door. I open it, only to see Tita Gia in all her glory. The woman goes in for the hug and barges in before I can say, "Come in."

"Lara! Hon, how are you!" she greets.

"I'm fine. Thanks."

I go back to lock the door but as the universe has planned, her children run in from the car. Oh how great.

Hey guys!

Welcome to another author's note! So, here was the introduction of the De la Cruz family! Tell me, do you guys have annoying and/or violent siblings? Cause I definitely understand... You people are definitely the most awesomazing beings on the planet! I just got my highest ranking so far of 197 in humor! All thanks to you! Anyways, please vote, comment and share if you liked this book/chapter! Love y'all!

Hey guys! Hey guys!

Welcome to another author's note! So, here was the introduction of the De la Cruz family! Tell me, do you guys have annoying and/or violent siblings? Cause I definitely understand... You people are definitely the most awesomazing beings on the planet! I just got my highest ranking so far of 197 in humor! All thanks to you! Anyways, please vote, comment and share if you liked this book/chapter! Love y'all! Welcome to another author's note! So, here was the introduction of the De la Cruz family! Tell me, do you guys have annoying and/or violent siblings? Cause I definitely understand... You people are definitely the most awesomazing beings on the planet! I just got my highest ranking so far of 197 in humor! All thanks to you! Anyways, please vote, comment and share if you liked this book/chapter! Love y'all! -Summer

-Summer -Summer





Tip Eight: Always wear a Bra


Crabapples and sauce.

Do you know what I just happen to remember as I stand infront of the enemy and the enemy's siblings? I'll give you a guess. What did I have the pleasure of taking off a few minutes ago?

Yes, my bra. My beloved, padded sports bra.

I subtly cross my arms across my chest, and try my best to act normal. Although at this point, I'm ready to do an Olympic style sprint out of my house. I don't run at all, which is saying something.

The enemy gives me a strange look, probably sensing my uncomfortableness. It's probably coming off me like smoke on hot food. I do my best to avoid eye contact and focus my attention to his other siblings. The invasion has begun. Why do I not own anything in camouflage?

"Hey Ate Lara!" Gabe chimes. He's the friendly and polite one. He's the one that looks most like Tita Gia with his tanned skin and eye shape. Unlike Gabe, the other two boys have fair skin that they've inherited from Tito Danny. I don't know how such a nice boy deserves the torture of being related to James.

"Hey! Come in guys." I blurt out.

His siblings are all younger. There's Gabe, who is the same age as Illa and Seb (Sebastian) who is 6 years old.

Seb rushes up to me and gives me a hug. I love Seb so much. Illa and I are only 3 years apart, so I can't really treat her like a baby. But Seb is so adorable, with his 2 dimples and his cute little smile. He looks alot like a miniature version of James, especially with the identical dimples on their cheeks. Both are more English-looking, since they look like Tito Danny, who is from London. Of course, Seb looks much cuter than James. But to be honest, If I didn't know them, I wouldn't be able to tell that they had filipino blood. I carry him up, then let him back down to scurry into the room.

Once he is gone, I cross my arms over my chest and face James. I throw him my own version of an evil glare.

"I hate you." I state.

"I know. The feeling's half mutual." he responds with the same tone.

"Great. Since we hate each other, we should avoid each other. Shall we cancel the tutoring?" I tell him, trying not to punch him in his annoying face.

"Haha, very funny." he laughs sarcastically. "I said, the feeling's half mutual. I don't fully hate you."

"Wow. What a pleasure it is to only be partially hated." I respond, the sarcasm getting stronger in each syllable.

"Plus, I never denied needing your help."

I narrow my eyes at him. He puts his hands in the pockets of his jeans and takes a few steps towards the kitchen. Before he takes another step, he stops beside me.

"Oh yeah, before I forget, what's with the intensely crossed arms?" he comments.

"None of your business." I retort back.

"No need to keep them crossed. Nothing much under there anyways." He says, as if that meant nothing and was only a mere fact. He walks past me, hitting my shoulder and leaves me here, dumbfounded.

It takes me a few seconds to wrap my mind around the words that just came out of that jerk's mouth. My jaw drops open and then I close it, gritting my teeth together from my anger. That jerk! How dare he insult my flat-ish chest like that! I already know that my boobs are basically non-existent, no need to say it out loud! I hope that idiot falls off a cliff. Honestly, who does he think he is?

It's not my fault that I am a part of the "itty-bitty-titty-committee"! I'm not flat-flat chested, my boobs are just small. Erm, I mean, low-fat. Apparently, while my boobs are being all low-fat and ish, the rest of my body didn't get the memo! Oh body, putting the layers on all the other places instead.



But I ain't trying to be a model anyways. Too lazy for that! Plus, I get enough of health and workout from being sister's with the twins. I don't really know why they force us to do their intense workouts as "family bonding" or as to why my parents agree to it. Something about avoiding cholesterol or wait...high blood pressure? Seems important enough for me.

I decide that I shall keep my distance from the idiot, in order to keep my sanity. I step on the first step of the staircase on my way up to my room, when my mom yells, "Ara! Come here!"

I stop. I sigh. I contemplate about my life. Should I go or should I just run upstairs and pretend that I'm feeling extremely nauseous?

Both options lead to my despairing death. If I go, surely my brain cells will deteriorate during my James encounter. But if I run, my mom will beat the crabapples out of me. Well, not literally of course.

"Okay, I just need to get something from upstairs!" I shout back.

Obviously that thing is a bra.

After, I drag myself to the kitchen, still furious at James. When I enter, I give James a harsh glare then look at everyone else with a kind smile. How I hate him. "Yes, mother." I acknowledge, my voice prim and proper. If I watched myself I'd have laughed at my false politeness.

"Sit at the table with us. Tita Gia wants to talk to you." mom says.

I sit at our round kitchen table and look from my mom to Tita Gia. Then, I turn to the boys who are sitting quietly on the couch in the family room. Our house has an open concept so there isn't a wall separating the kitchen and family room.

Tita Gia speaks up. "Lara, Hon, thank you so much for volunteering to help James in his studies. I can't tell you how much I appreciate it." She rests her hand on mine.

Volunteer? Ha! I was blackmailed and forced! This is me crying internally.

Volunteer? Ha! I was blackmailed and forced! As much as I hate James, I can't bear to tell Tita Gia about the truth. She's always been like a second mother to me. Maybe it's because she and mom have been friends since University. I swear, they must've planned their pregnancies so that their children could be best friends. I guess it didn't go as planned.

"No worries." I manage to say. Although on the inside, every cell in my body is having a panic attack.

Mom and Tita Gia continue their conversation and Seb calls me over. I place myself on the couch, wedged between Seb and Gabe.

"Hey bud! What's up?" I ask Seb, ruffling his shaggy dark hair.

"Can you play with me?" he says in his cute little voice, looking at me with puppy eyes. How can I say no to that face?

"Sure!" I exclaim. "Wanna play soccer in the backyard?"

We have a soccer net set up in the backyard since the twins love playing that sport as well. Our backyard is pretty big, so it's fun to play in.

"Yay!" he yells.

The sound of footsteps descending from the stairs fills the room. Illa comes running into the kitchen and she pulls a package of microwave popcorn from the cupboards. She turns around and notices our visitors.

She waves at Gabe. "Hey Gabe!"

Gabe gets up from the couch and walks towards Illa. The height gene runs well in the family since he towers over her. But why am I surprised? Tito Danny is the same height as James. Gabe is almost 6 feet, which is amazing for a thirteen year-old.

"How are you doing?" he asks her. I mean, most people just say what's up. The kid is just too formal! It's too adorable!

"I'm great!" Illa responds energetically. "I was just about to watch a movie upstairs. Want to come watch it with me?"



"Sure." he smiles, as Illa pops the popcorn into the microwave.

I decide to stop watching the two as if their conversation were a movie scene and I get up from the couch to go open the backyard door. Seb follows me. I slide the door open, put my sneakers on and go out.

"Wait a minute! I'm gonna get my shoes!" Seb realizes, and he goes to the front to grab his shoes.

Outside, I run to the fence and grab the soccerball. I kick it around as I wait for Seb. I suck at soccer. The ball always tries to find a way towards my face. But the kid doesn't need to know about my lack of skill.

Seb comes running out, but right behind him (walking lazily like a zombie) is his older brother. Ugh. Couldn't he stay inside and facetime one of his girlfriends instead? I mean, he has our wifi password anyways.

I know, I was forced to share the wifi.

James runs to Seb, lifts him from the ground and places him on his broad shoulders.

"Ate Lara! Ate Lara! Look at me!" Seb shouts from James' shoulders. I smile at him. He's just too cute! James places him back on the ground and he runs to me, trying to steal the ball from my hands.

"Bud, ready to play with De la Cruz?" James says. Again, why is he calling me by my last name?

"De la Cruz?" Seb says, confused.

"I meant, your Ate Lara." James corrects.

"Yeah!" Seb answers.

"Wanna make Lara the goalie?" James suggests to Seb. No, no, no. I cannot be goalie! I'm freaking scared of ball! In soccer, it's either I'm forward or nothing. I can't defend to save my life.

No, no, no. "No than-" I start, but Seb interrupts me.

"Yes! Ate Lara you can be goalie!" Seb agrees. I look at James and that smirk returns to his face. He's enjoying this.

I can't say no to the little guy so I go to the net.

"I'll teach you how to shoot." James declares. I think I might pee my pants. James is a star hockey player. The captain of the hockey team. That's his sport that he's known for. But he's on all the sports teams! So yes, he can kill me with a soccer ball too.

I stand infront of the net as James backs up. He runs to the ball and kicks it. Hard. It zooms just past my cheek and hits the net. I stand there wide-eyed, staring at him. I want to go up to him and start beating the crabapples out of him, but I can't do it since Seb is standing right there.

The next hour goes by with James almost beheading me every two minutes. I swear, the ball misses my head only by a millimetre! We play with Seb, running around and around. See, this is how much I love the kid. I am willing to do physical activity!

Finally the kid gets tired and I lie down on one of our lawn chairs, my breathing still heavy. James comes and flicks my forehead.

I glare at him. "What do you want?"

"Nothing." he states simply.

"Hmm...I thought you wanted to send me to the hospital with a skull fracture." I grumble.

"Please, I couldn't bear to see you hurt." he says softly, his voice almost inaudible, sounding like the complete opposite of the loud, arrogant boy that I know.

Please, I'd believe him if he didn't try to kill me twice today. Okay, maybe I can be a bit rough towards him too, but he's usually the one starting everything! This is obviously another one of his jokes.

I try to hold in a laugh, but fail. "Totally. Because you never, ever try to trip me and shoot soccer balls at me face." I reply sarcastically, rolling my eyes.

He just shrugs, flicks my forehead again, then wipes the sweat off of his forehead.

"Go inside and get a drink of water before I get blamed for your death by dehydration!" I shout at him, annoyed. I flick my wrist in a gesture telling him to go away.

"Aww," he gushes, putting a hand on his chest. "You really care about me!"

I chuckle. "As if! Nevermind what I said before. You can just perish from lack of water."

He rolls his eyes then proceeds to go back into the house. That damn idiot, always putting words in my mouth.

Seb comes up to me with the soccer ball and I push his dark hair away from his face. "Did you have fun?"

He smiles, showing his dimples. "Yes!" He sits beside me on the lawn chair. He gestures for me to come closer and cups his hands to my ear.

"Ate Lara, can you come over next time to play with me. Gabe never plays with me." he whispers.

"Why not?" I ask.

He shrugs. "He's always doing homework."

Well, that sounds alot like Gabe. That kid is basically a child genius! He's always studying! He and Illa are classmates, but I always have to force Illa to do her homework.

"How about James?"

His eyes light up. "He plays with me all the time, but he's not as fun as you."

In my head I do a nice hairflip. Obviously, this kid has taste. He might not know that his older brother is a self-absorbed womanizer, but at least he has the sense to see that I am a fun-er person than him. Self-five !

Self-five "Well don't worry, I'll be around more often since I have to tutor the idi- I mean, your Kuya James."

He lets out a happy giggle and hugs me. I give him a piggy back ride back into the house where James is sitting at our dining table, drinking a glass of water. I sit at the table and Tita Gia looks at me.

"So Lara, so when are you available to tutor James?"

"Well, I mean, Fridays are pretty goo-"

My mom interrupts me mid-sentence. "They have the same subjects anyways, why don't they just work on homework together each school day?" she suggests.

Oh good gracious. I love my mom but sometimes I wonder why she has to suggest things that I am always opposed to. Really? Everyday? Every. Single. Freaking. Day.

Tita Gia claps happily as she agrees. James smirks at me. He always loves it when I get annoyed, doesn't he? I want to slap that smirk right off of his face.

"Yay!" Seb exclaims. "You can play with me everyday!"

I smile and ruffle his hair. Oh Seb, he's the only good thing about this situation.

Hey! Did you like it? What do you think about the Bryer brothers? I fell in love with Seb cause he reminds me of my little cousin. Please don't hesitate to vote [give a little click to that star looking thingy] or comment! If you like it, share it with your friends? Tell me what you think! Thanks for the support! It means the world to me! See you next week!

Hey! Did you like it? What do you think about the Bryer brothers? I fell in love with Seb cause he reminds me of my little cousin. Please don't hesitate to vote [give a little click to that star looking thingy] or comment! If you like it, share it with your friends? Tell me what you think! Thanks for the support! It means the world to me! See you next week! Hey! Did you like it? What do you think about the Bryer brothers? I fell in love with Seb cause he reminds me of my little cousin. Please don't hesitate to vote [give a little click to that star looking thingy] or comment! If you like it, share it with your friends? Tell me what you think! Thanks for the support! It means the world to me! See you next week! LOVE YOU GUYS! :) <3 <3

LOVE YOU GUYS! LOVE YOU GUYS! :) <3 <3 :) <3 <3 -Summer

-Summer -Summer





Tip Nine: Be Polite when Third Wheeling


Wednesdays.

If there's anything that is almost as terrible as Mondays, it has to be Wednesdays. I strongly dislike Wednesdays for a few reasons. First of all, it's right in the middle of the week and it tells you that you're only halfway through the fire pits of torture. It's also not a fresh start to a week, nor a happy ending. It's just there making the days in a week an odd number. Days have pairs! Sat&Sun; Mon&Tues; and Thurs&Fri. Wednesday ruins it!

Sorry for that rant.

Luckily, the first day of school is always on a Tuesday, so we didn't have to deal with the dreadful zombie effect that Mondays seem to have. Time to tackle the second day of school. Or at least survive it.

Tita Gia, Gabe, Seb, and...the other guy, left after dinner last night. Nothing much to say except that the other guy was quite annoying. At least, I only have to deal with him at school, then again after school. Every. Freaking. Day. Ahhh! I want to pull my hair out!

I turn the knob on my new lock, entering my combination. I tug on the lock but it doesn't budge. Shizballs. I've had a locker since freshman year yet I still manage to screw up my lock! I had to get this new one after my locker was broken into last year as a "prank" by a few idiots. I enter it again but it still doesn't budge! Wait...am I entering the right combination?

Okay, I opened this lock just yesterday, but I have a bad memory for these things. I know, I know, how does a seemingly intelligent person forget something as simple as a lock combination? One answer, I don't even know. I remember all of my friends' combinations, but not my own. I can remember the exact date of confederation, I know the parts of a plant cell by heart, and I can tell you a bunch of facts about the terrain in the tundra. But I can't even remember what I ate this morning. No, I'm serious, I don't remember what I just ate!

I try entering the combination once more and it opens. Hallelujah! Praise the Lord Jesus! I say my silent prayer of thanks before doing a little happy dance in the middle of the second floor hallway. Maybe not a little dance, but a full on choreographed routine. Yep, I'm one of those people.

little Actually, I have only two personalities:

1. "Super Happy that you want to punch me" personality. This is the me that breaks out into High School Musical songs in the halls. This is also the me that cracks jokes and keeps people thinking positively.

2. "Super Depressed that I want to punch you" personality. This is the me that puts the headphones on, ignores everyone, and proposes a threat to anyone who tries to approach me. This is also the me that thinks negatively about everything and hides in an oversized hoodie.

There is no in between. It is either one or the other.

My happy personality is my usual. But occasionally, I can be more scary than the Wicked Witch of The West. To some, I only have one attitude. Even on my bad days, I try my best to be kind. But I'll turn the world into a living hell if you piss me off more than a few times. To Jameson Bryer, only one of my attitudes are present. It's almost impossible for me to be nice to him! You'd feel the same if you had to endure the ego-maniac he's become ever since the fifth grade.

I place my gym clothes and my lunch bag on the hook and slam the locker door shut. As usual, I head up the stairs to the third floor to meet up with the girls.

I walk in the not-so-crowded halls and occasionally greet the people that I know. After the first day, most people don't give a care about arriving early...or even on time. I turn left to the next hall and now is the moment in which I see him again. He's talking to some other jock whom I've seen around but I don't know his name.



He isn't facing my direction, which is a God-given miracle. I almost let out a gasp, but slowly back pedal to the back of a wall. I might be over exaggerating, but I don't want any unnecessary contact with James. After all, if I have a mandatory schedule with him, I want that non-mandatory time 1000 kilometers away from him.

I take another peek at the halls and his figure is nowhere to be seen. The coast is clear. I repeat, the coast is clear. Finally, I can go back to where I was going.

I turn around to depart from my oh-so-beloved wall, but I end up pressing...no, slamming my back onto the wall in shock. I groan from the pain crossing my back and the back of my head.

I look up to see his dark brown eyes peering into mine. His elbows are pressed against the wall, forming a wall around me. Wall=no escape=trapped=angry Lara.

"Ugh! Get out of my way!" I demand, pushing his body away from mine. Unfortunately, he doesn't budge.

He inches his face closer to mine, close enough that I can smell the bubblegum that he's chewing.

"Why are you trying to avoid me?" he asks, brows furrowed.

Wow. You hide behind a wall one time and you get blamed for trying to avoid someone! Oh wait, I was trying to avoid him.

one time was I narrow my eyes at him. "Is it illegal to avoid the so-called inevitable Jameson Bryer?"

He pretends to think, then responds. "Yes, yes it is. Now tell me why."

Oh hon, I'll tell you exactly why. "Well, I thought we were still playing the game that we started. Y'know, the one where we avoid each other at all costs except when we try to pose life-threatening attacks."

The smirk that was on his lips disappears and he bites his bottom lip, perhaps thinking about the words I'd just said. I don't know why yesterday and today was any different than any other day. Up until yesterday, all I knew was that I hated him and he hated me. Sure we'd fight once in a while...fine, maybe everyday, but other than that we just ignored one another. So why the freak is this idiot bothering me!

"We're not playing that game anymore, sweetheart." he states.

My expression turns hard like stone as I say, "Get out of my way. I have somewhere to be."

"Make me."

In the books, this would be the time where the protagonist would smash her lips against the male lead. Then, they would kiss passionately and the readers would swoon over the cuteness. Let's be honest, I'm one of those swooning readers who ship characters and all. Luckily, my life isn't in the pages of some book written by an author with no social life what-so-ever.

I stomp on his foot. Hard. It makes him almost shriek but his mouth closes and he grimaces intead. His elbows fall to his side, providing me with an escape route. I quickly hurry away from him, but he chases after me. I don't know how he's able to run after I almost broke his toes, but he's running alright.

In the halls, we look like little kids playing a game of tag. I rush by some teachers who yell at me to stop running but James is on my trail. I see the girls and I run into them.

I take Kiera's shoulders and push her infront of me. I hold her upfront, in order to keep space between me and the enemy. We do that thing where you both go to one side and then to the other.

Finally, someone realizes this weirdness.

"What are you guys doing?" Carol asks.

"Apparently we're playing tag." James states, smiling at Carol.



Carol rolls her eyes and looks to me. She raises an eyebrow. "Really Lara?"

"Instead of questioning me, why don't you get him away from me!" I yell, pointing a finger at James.

"What's up guys?" a booming voice asks.

I turn to look at the three boys. Obviously, that booming voice belongs to no other than Logan Ford. When there's a loud voice, it can only be James or Logan. Daniel and Mark walk beside him and they wave at us.

"Not killing us today?" Daniel jokes.

"I'm still thinking about it." I respond.

"Um...what's happening here?" Mark gestures at me and James who are shuffling around Kiera.

We ignore him and James continues to try finding a way around Kiera. What does this dude want from me? Daniel tries to approach Kiera for a kiss but I interrupt him.

"Really Daniel? Don't you see that Kiera is in the middle of helping me here!" I shout at him.

He puts his hands up like a criminal after the police says, "Hands up where I can see 'em!"

Kiera pushes my hands off of her shoulders and goes to her boy-fry. No! Kiera why have you surrendered to the enemy side! This is the point in my life where I just doubt our years of friendship.

A millisecond after Kiera's betrayal, the enemy leader comes and engulfs me in his strong arms. My arms have been immobilized and my legs are of no use as he lifts me from the ground and presses me against his chest. Like any sane person, I scream.

The guys and the girls both facepalm and cover their faces as students stop and stare at me. Of course, James doesn't really mind the attention.

Suddenly, Ms. Kelleher walks by with binders in her arms but she stops to look at us.

"Lara, darling are you alright?"

I struggle against James' grip. "No! I'm being physically harassed! Help! Ms. K suspend him! Call the principal or the cops!" I scream frantically, but James just chuckles.

Ms. K chuckles too. "James, I don't think this is the best way of trying to get a girlfriend."

James puts me down and lets go. "Well, it usually works."

I roll my eyes at that statement.

I go ahead and let my fist collide with his gut, forgetting that my teacher us standing right there. I look up to Ms. K who just tries to stiffle a laugh. Ladies and gentlemen, this right here is the reason that she is my favourite teacher.

James glares at me. "I'm going to go home with a lot of bruises because of you."

"Guess I'm doing my job well."

Ms. K shoots us another smile before she goes on her way. Is it just me, or is James getting more irritating each day?

Mark asks Carol if she wants to go walk around and she happily agrees.

"Awesome! Let's go!" I say as I tag along with them. Luckily, they let me tag along and we talk as we walk the halls. Mark and Carol hold hands as they walk and I hold my cell phone. My phone and I are the best power couple.

"Sooo...what are my two besties up to?" I nudge at them.

The couple shifts uncomfortably.

"Oh Lara!" Carol starts. "We're going to the mall on Friday afternoon right?"

"Yup! It's movie night. After we watch the movie we can go window shopping." I answer.

"Oh okay. We'll just meet you at the bus stop like we always do."

"That's fine with me."

The LKJC always had "mall&movie nights" at least once a month. We've been having them since our parents gave us some freedom. Of course, my parents needed convincing from Jasmine's parents. We always went to The Eaton Centre in downtown Toronto since it's the closest mall here. On the downside, it's always busy! But what do you expect from downtown? At least we're used to it.

Mark begins to speak as well. "Sorry, but I think there's a third wheel situation going on here."

I shake my head. "Oh my gosh. I am so sorry guys." I turn to Mark. "I didn't want to say this but, Mark you're kind of being a third wheel."

Pause. I know what you're thinking. What? But Lara, you're being so rude! Why are you interrupting the cute couple? You're the third wheel. Let me ask you this. Who was friends with Carol since the fifth grade? Who convinced Carol to try out for the soccer team during freshman year? Who has been her partner is pranks since the great water balloon classroom fight of eighth grade?

You're Me. So technically, Mark is the third wheel.

I push Mark away. "Sorry man but you're making it a bit awkward."

He rolls his eyes. Obviously Mark knows that I'm joking. His brain has been programmed to deal with my craziness since the day that we met. If he wasn't able to put up with me right now, our 6 years of friendship would've been a waste.

"Anyways, I have to get going. I have to get to english before people start ambushing me in the halls." I tell them.

"People?" Mark raises an eyebrow.

"Sorry, that would've been offensive to the human race. I meant, 'creatures'."

I wave goodbye to the couple and start making my way to my english class. The classroom door is still closed since Mr. Hunt isn't there yet. I see my classmates waiting at the door, as well as Daniel and Logan. I wave and approach the two, but they back up.

"Don't be so frightened guys! I don't bite." I remind the two boys.

"Yeah, but you do kick and punch." Logan says back. Daniel laughs. I shrug at the comment. I'm not denying it.

The bell for first period rings, Mr. Hunt opens the door and I enter the classroom.

Miraculously, I don't face-plant. *thumbs up*.

I am writing this on the plane. By the time I post this, it'll be like 2 weeks since I wrote this beside the plane window. The view is freaking stunning though. Right above the ocean!

I am writing this on the plane. By the time I post this, it'll be like 2 weeks since I wrote this beside the plane window. The view is freaking stunning though. Right above the ocean! I am writing this on the plane. By the time I post this, it'll be like 2 weeks since I wrote this beside the plane window. The view is freaking stunning though. Right above the ocean!

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Anywho, who liked this chapter or this book in general? Please give a vote if you do! If you have any ideas or thoughts or just relatable ish that you wanna share, please comment. I wanna know your thoughts but I can't mind-read. (Sadly.) Thanks for the humongous amount of love! I LOVE Y'ALL SO FREAKING MUCH! *blows kisses*

Anywho, who liked this chapter or this book in general? Please give a vote if you do! If you have any ideas or thoughts or just relatable ish that you wanna share, please comment. I wanna know your thoughts but I can't mind-read. (Sadly.) Thanks for the humongous amount of love! I LOVE Y'ALL SO FREAKING MUCH! *blows kisses* Anywho, who liked this chapter or this book in general? Please give a vote if you do! If you have any ideas or thoughts or just relatable ish that you wanna share, please comment. I wanna know your thoughts but I can't mind-read. (Sadly.) Thanks for the humongous amount of love! I LOVE Y'ALL SO FREAKING MUCH! *blows kisses* -Summer

-Summer -Summer P.S. Thanks Lara for calling me an author with no social life what-so-ever... Oh and OMG WE PASSED 2000 READS AHH! YOU PEOPLE ARE THE BESTEST! (Incorrect, I know but you are better than the best.)

P.S. Thanks Lara for calling me an author with no social life what-so-ever... Oh and OMG WE PASSED 2000 READS AHH! YOU PEOPLE ARE THE BESTEST! (Incorrect, I know but you are better than the best.) Oh and OMG WE PASSED 2000 READS AHH! YOU PEOPLE ARE THE BESTEST! (Incorrect, I know but you are better than the best.)





Tip Ten: Keep Your Cool


First period went by really fast. We had an interesting lesson about writing techniques that authors use. Of course, everyone else found it incredibly boring. I had to hit Logan in the back of his head just to prevent him from sleeping.

I walk to my second period class, Biology. As I enter the classroom, James is sitting in his assigned seat which is beside mine. How unfortunate, really. I roll my eyes as I approach him and look at the other way. Ignore, ignore, ignore. Not too hard, right?

Ignore, ignore, ignore. Mrs. Lewis sits at her desk, reading a novel. Although it does make me feel a bit weird since the cover of her book features a half naked couple. I mean, if that woman is into Fifty Shades of Grey and all that ish, I'm not judging. I just really wish that I wasn't given this fate of being stuck with helping James for the rest of the semester.

Fifty Shades of Grey I glance around the room and Holden catches my eye. He smiles at me and for once, I don't melt. I smile back. He goes back to his book and I find myself daydreaming, like usual.

I feel a poke on my arm. I ignore it. He pokes me again. I ignore that as well. He pokes me again!

"What the heck is your problem!" I scream at James. Half the class isn't present at the moment but the other half whips their heads in our direction.

"Give me your number." James demands.

First of all, you can't just demand phone numbers from people as if they were fast food companies! What do I look like? Do I look like freaking MacDonalds? Bruh, my "company" is not going to benefit from a thousand people knowing my number. Second of all, I don't want to be receiving a gazillion text messages from people that I barely know and only want my homework answers! I get enough drama from opening texts! Okay...maybe that last part was a lie. C'mon, I can't open all zero messages at once.

all zero "No thank you." I reply.

"How will I be able to contact you for tutoring then?" he counters in his smart-alek voice.

"Call the landline. Your parents know the number since our parents talk 24/7." I tell him.

Plus, his family probably has our home phone number saved at the top of their contact list. I mean, they call each other every single day!

He nods. "Oh, okay. I'm sure my conversation with any of your family members that might answer the phone will be very interesting."

Fishballs. I didn't even think of that! Who knows what will happen if one of my family members pick up the phone! There is a 6/7 chance that someone other than me will pick up the landline. It is highly likely considering the percentage of one of the other six people that are not me answering the phone is 85.71428571%. Yikes.

This observation has led me to another dead end. Another point in my life where I have no other choice than to give in to the demon.

"No! No it's fine, I'll give you my cell number." I say, gritting my teeth in frustration.

He smiles at me, his pearly white teeth almost sparkling. Basically how people's teeth look like in the movies. "Ah...I had a feeling you'd say that."

I roll my eyes at him. Don't punch him Lara, keep your cool. He grabs my phone from my hands, opens the screen and frowns at it. I am so glad that he got to see the lovely wallpaper on my lock screen that says, " Don't touch my phone you stupid idiot. You don't know the password anyways. "

Don't punch him Lara, keep your cool. Don't touch my phone you stupid idiot. You don't know the password anyways. I know...I am extremely friendly.

He passes back the phone and I enter my password. I open my contacts and he grabs it again to insert his number. He pulls out his phone and enters my number too.



The rest of the class enters the room, just minutes before the bell rings. Mrs. Lewis puts down her book and addresses the class. "Good morning! Welcome to the second day of class."

A mixture of groans and eye rolls fills the room.

The teacher ignores our sighs of depression and continues. "Anyways, today we will be starting our unit on specie classification, cell structure...etc. We will be examining the parts of the cell works and how they play a part in our lives."

She goes on to tell us to open our textbooks to page 23 and we all flip to the page. "Please silently read pages 23 to 30 and complete the questions at the bottom of page 30."

I read over each paragraph, trying to absorb each piece of useful information, only so that I will be able to answer the questions without having to look back.

I am in the middle of understanding page 26 when I hear James whispering to me. "Bro, what's the answer for number one?"

I pretend that I don't hear him, but he just repeats the question, louder this time. "Dude, what's the answer for number one?"

I just ignore him again, but he repeats the question again! " Sweetheart , would you be so kind to tell me the answer to number one?"

Sweetheart so kind This time, I throw him one of my beautiful glares as I whisper back aggressively, "Shut up before you get me introuble."

Believe me when I say that Mrs. Lewis isn't one of those laid back teachers that cracks jokes. Most people (so I've heard) hate her. From what I've seen so far, she seems to not hate me. But I usually have really good reputation with teachers, even the strict ones.

I have this "good girl" reputation. I think that most people think of me as the girl who gets straight A's, who never gets in trouble, and who's an overall kind person.

But I'm not your classic "good girl", as seen in my previous murder attempts towards the boyfriends. Unlike the books, I'm not shy because I like to express my opinions. I'm not weak because I can actually stand up for myself and others. I'm not a genius, I just try my best in school. And I'm not exactly all sunshine and roses. I'm more...sarcastic and ranting.

So I'm a "good girl" to teachers and most students. But according to 5SOS, "Good girls are bad girls that haven't been caught."

That may or may not be true. I'm not planning to get caught today.

"Besides, how are you already on the questions? I'm still reading." I ask him. I'm a pretty fast reader so I don't know how fast he could read.

"Oh. Well, I didn't read it. I figured that we could work together on the questions." he tells me, winking.

Ugh. Idiot, thinking that I can be swayed by a little wink and a cute smile that shows off his adorable dimples. Not that I found them adorable, I'm just saying that other girls would.

I narrow my eyes at him. "Work together? So you mean, cheat off me?"

"Well-" he starts.

"Shut up before you get me in trouble." I whisper. If there's anything I hate, it's being used. Nobody can use me as a cheat sheet. Y'all got to do your own work. I'm not a charity that donates my answers.

"Please! I won't be able to do this!" James begs.

"Please, people who don't even put in effort will never be able to do anything." I say back.

That shuts him up.

Okay, I admit that was a bit rude. But it's true. You have to work for what you want. Things don't just come raining from the sky!



He begins to try and prove my point wrong. "Lara I-"

He is only met with the voice of Mrs. Lewis. "Jameson! I will not tolerate class disruptions!"

I almost laugh.

"You are not only putting your education at risk, but also the education of those around you."

James speaks up, "Miss! Lara was talking too!"

I swear I could hit him repeatedly if I had Brook's softball bat right now. Seriously. If he wants to be all delinquent-like right now, he doesn't have to drag me down with him. I'm not into the thug life. I like my life with no bad blood. Baby now we got bad blood! Oh! Sorry...now's not the time for Taylor Swift moments.

Baby now we got bad blood! Oh! Mrs. Lewis shakes her head. "See! You've been bothering poor Lara here too!"

James' mouth hangs wide open and I shoot him a knowing smile while trying to hide my laughter. The benefits of being a good student. He rolls his eyes at me as to say, I actually hate you. It just makes me want to laugh even harder.

I actually hate you. "Get back to work!" Mrs. Lewis yells to James before feasting her eyes back onto her novel.

When she's absorbed in the book once again, I look at James and I laugh in his face. To my surprise, he smiles. Not his sexy, smirk, but an actual normal smile.

Now I'm suspicious.

I glare at him. "You're still not cheating off of me, Bryer."

"See? I made you laugh."

"What?" I blurt, confused.

"You look cute when you laugh." he states, still smiling, still showing his two dimples.

Luckily with James, I don't have my awkward, self-humiliation mode. I only have that mode with guys that I find attractive. Fact: I do not find James attractive.

My face scrunches up. "Then I must look like a damn goddess when I witness your daily stupidity."

"Sorry, I didn't notice. I was too busy with my 'stupidity'" he says, holding his fingers up in air quotations.

Mrs. Lewis shushes him and we get back to our work. A few minutes later as I am doing the questions, I glance over at James' paper to see if he's working. Shockingly, he's almost finished the questions. Even more shocking, he didn't just guess. He got them right! For some reason, I keep staring until James takes notice and flicks me in the forehead.

"Ouch!"

"Stop cheating De la Cruz." he mutters.

I give him a light punch on the arm, then nod. "You actually read it?"

He continues writing and doesn't look up at me as he says, "People who don't even put in effort will never be able to do anything."

Well wow. But hey, at least I know that this dude isn't totally shunning me out. Usually, talking to James would be the same as talking to a wall. I guess he must be evolving. That's great considering boys haven't fully gone through the human evolution. Acting like apes and all.

Just kidding. Some boys have passed through it.

Some I go back to my own work, answering the last few questions about cells and stuff. It seems to me that I won't have to be tutoring James in bio today. For one thing, I know that he's much smarter than he lets on. He just has to try.

I look at the time. It's 2 minutes until class ends. Everyone begins to shuffle and pack their stuff when Mrs. Lewis yells, "Don't pack up! There's still 2 minutes left of class! Use this time to do your work!"

The class groans. I swear. Why do teachers do this? Next thing you know, they'll be saying, "There's still 27 seconds left of class! Don't pack up!" Honestly though, I don't understand why they torture us like this!

Finally, the bell rings and we all scatter. I see Logan in the hallway and he gives me a salute. He has his arm wrapped around Jasmine's shoulder. I guess he's walking her to class. Good boy-fry. At least he's being a gentleman. I see Carol with Mark and I turn to go to them. I stop in the middle of the hall. Wait. Where's my classroom? Shizballs. I don't remember the room number. I swerve through the throng of people in the crowded hall when I feel a hand pressing against my shoulder.

"Dude, you're going the wrong way." James tells me, with a little smirk forming on his face.

"I knew that. I'm just taking the longer way to get my steps in for today." I point at my wrist but realize that I'm not wearing my fitbit today.

"Sure. Our class is this way." he says, pointing to the other direction. "Let's go?"

We begin to walk together to our math class. Many people greet him in the hallway, shouting like lunatics. They're quite annoying. I walk by greeting just the people I know. Finally, we get to our math class and the radio is blaring.

What is going on?

I'll tell you what. Ms. K is adjusting the speakers on the smartboard while listening to The Chainsmokers' Paris . The class is dancing around to the beat of the song and Ms. K is right in the middle of it all.

The Chainsmokers' Paris I see Mark sitting at a desk. "Mark, what's going on?"

He just shrugs in reply.

We were staying in Paris, to get away from your parents and I thought how could I let you fall by yourself while I'm wasted for someone else...

We were staying in Paris, to get away from your parents and I thought how could I let you fall by yourself while I'm wasted for someone else... "Ms. K! What's going on?" I yell over the loud music. Soon, the other teachers might come and complain about the noise.

If we go down then we go down together...

If we go down then we go down together... "I'm getting the lesson ready!" she screams back. She turns to the rest of the class, does the dab, then gets back to opening windows on the smartboard.

They'll say you could do anything, they'll say that I was clever...

They'll say you could do anything, they'll say that I was clever... I knew that Ms. K was a crazy awesome teacher, but I don't think I'm prepared for whatever lesson she has in store for us. I don't know how she's planning to make math class fun.

By the look of James and Mark's faces, they don't either.

Hey hey hey!

Hey hey hey! Hey hey hey! How was your week guys? Finally I have finished the tenth chapter! I would just like to thank all of you for your endless support! Thank you so so so so much for giving my little book a chance! It means a lot to me. Anyways, other than Lara, who is your favorite character? If you liked this chapter please give it a vote and comment what you liked about it! If you like this book, share it with your friends! Until next week...

How was your week guys? Finally I have finished the tenth chapter! I would just like to thank all of you for your endless support! Thank you so so so so much for giving my little book a chance! It means a lot to me. Anyways, other than Lara, who is your favorite character? If you liked this chapter please give it a vote and comment what you liked about it! If you like this book, share it with your friends! Until next week... How was your week guys? Finally I have finished the tenth chapter! I would just like to thank all of you for your endless support! Thank you so so so so much for giving my little book a chance! It means a lot to me. Anyways, other than Lara, who is your favorite character? If you liked this chapter please give it a vote and comment what you liked about it! If you like this book, share it with your friends! Until next week... -Summer

-Summer -Summer





Tip Eleven: Don't Pollute


Let's get this straight. My math teacher taught us, well math, for the first 40 minutes of class. After that...I don't even know how to describe what happened after that. Let's just say that it included a rap battle between 2 students, fights on who was prettier regarding Selena Gomez and Gigi Hadid, and a screaming fangirl after a fight about The Weekend. No, I am not kidding.

The Weekend. Lunch was the same. Like usual, I was tempted to throw my pizza at Logan and Jasmine's passionate romance. I slapped Daniel's plastic waterbottle in mid-air during his bottle flipping since it was annoying me. Lastly, I took Carol's bag and hid it in the cafeteria while she was in the washroom. Y'know, the usual.

Gym was okay too. If you would call an extreme cardio workout that consisted of suicides, sprints and long-term running, okay . It was not freaking okay! Of course, I looked like a sweaty oaf during the class. Afterwards, I looked as though I was ran over by a delivery truck. Like usual, my fellow classmates looked like supermodels. I don't know how it's possible for some girls to be blessed with the "beauty after workout" look and me to be cursed with the "I just got mauled by a bear" look.

okay Anyways, here I am once again, walking infront of a chatty Jasmine and Logan. I didn't really appreciate the fact that I had to walk behind them yesterday like a sad puppy. If I have to be a third wheel, I should walk infront of them so that it looks like I'm leading an army to battle.

I still can't believe that I have to go to James' house for tutoring. His house is closer to the school though. So less walking for me! I plug my earphones in and scroll to my playlist. Last night, I created a new walking playlist for the times Jasmine would be with Logan.

No I don't wanna know where you've been or where you're going, but I know I won't be home and you'll be on your own.

No I don't wanna know where you've been or where you're going, but I know I won't be home and you'll be on your own. I sing along to It ain't me by Kygo ft. Selena Gomez. Frankly, my singing voice can actually be nice when I try.

Suddenly, I almost drop my phone at the loud honk caused by a car horn. I look to my side and see James rolling down the window of his brand new Porsche Panamera. He just got his driver's license a few weeks ago, or so I've heard. What does the rich boy do? Yep, he buys a freaking expensive car.

"Get in!" he orders, stopping his car on the curve and gesturing for me to come.

"Kidnapping in illegal." I state, and I keep walking on.

He gets out of his car and starts to chase after me. He grips my shoulder but I hit him in the gut with my elbow.

"Ow! Dude, we're going to the same place anyways. Just get in the car!"

"Sorry, but I prefer to walk." I tell him.

"Why walk when you can ride in my brand new car?" he points to his car, looking at me like I'm crazy.

I place a hand on my hip. "Listen, a person on the sidewalk is one less car on the road. One less car in the road means one less car to pollute. One less car to pollute can reduce the pollution. People are dying from pollution. The earth is dying from pollution. I just want to do my part to help."

dying dying "My car is still going to run anyways. Even in you don't come. And one car off the road doesn't make a difference" he counters.

"Which is why we have this problem. Because you and everyone else has the same mindset. Everyone says that one car doesn't make a difference, so instead, all cars are still on the road."

He just shrugs and goes back to his car. "See you at home."

He starts the engine and he goes off. Ugh. I mean, it's only September and it's still like 20 degrees out. There's really no reason to drive in this type of weather. Plus, his house is only a 10 minute walk from school. If it was winter, then I'd probably be riding the public transit. But it's great outside and I am walking.



***

I press the doorbell. I'm standing on James' front porch, waiting impatiently for him to open the door. I've been to his house a million times before for family events. Although our families are not even related, they treat us like family. I know that this is his house from memory and since his beautiful Porsche is parked in the front.

Damn rich boy.

His house is a mansion. A freaking mansion. I'm not even kidding! I know that there are like 7 cars parked in their own parking lot! It's not like I'm shocked by any of this though. I've seen and been inside this house hundreds of times.

I ring the doorbell one more time and at that very second the door opens and James stands there, smiling at me. "If you just went in the car, you would've been here hours ago."

hours Clearly this guy can't tell time.

I push past him and let myself in. I take my shoes off and head towards the kitchen.

"Where are you going?" James asks.

"The kitchen. Duh." I reply. "Where else?"

"Are we going to study there?" He questions me.

"We could...but I was just going to look in your fridge for some snacks."

Maybe it's considered rude to raid someone else's fridge, but I've been in their kitchen many times before to know where they keep the good snacks. Plus, Tita Gia always tells me to "make myself at home", so that's what I always do.

Like every room in this house, the kitchen is huge. Every kitchen appliance that exists must be in this room. I enter and see James' grandmother (Tita Gia's mom) singing and stirring up something in a pot. The aroma of delicious smelling food fills the air around me.

Lola Edna (his grandmother) notices my presence and her eyes light up. "Lara! Anong ginagawa mo dito? Kumain ka muna!" she says excitedly. (What are you doing here? Eat first!)

"Tutor po ako ni James. Ano po ang niluluto nyo? Parang masarap eh." I respond. (I'm James' tutor. What are you cooking? Looks good.)

I don't usually speak tagalog even though I'm fluent. Since english is my first language, I use that to talk to my parents. But my grandma and James' grandparents on his mom's side have trouble with english since they spent their whole lives in the Philippines.

James' granddad on his dad's side still lives in London. I think they went to London last March to visit him. I heard that his cousins were coming for Christmas this year.

I look back at James and he stares at me blankly. Although he's half filipino, he doesn't speak nor understand tagalog. So even if Lola Edna has a bit of trouble with english, she still tries her best to speak to him. He tries to understand her too.

"Masarap talaga to! Tikman mo ang pancit ko!" she tells me, pushing a plate of pancit to me. (This is really good! Taste my pancit!)

I take the plate and sit at the kitchen island. If you're wondering what pancit is, it's basically really good filipino noodles with vegetables and meat. I devour the food in less than 2 minutes and I catch James staring at me.

"What? Do I have something on my face?" I ask, wiping my mouth with a napkin.

He chuckles, "No...you just ate that really fast."

Wow. Shocking. But hey, after a tiring day of handling people at school a girl's gotta eat! I'm glad that I ate here though. I ate the only bag of chips yesterday and I don't think I can handle another one of Bree's kale detox smoothies. Ugh. I seriously can't drink anything green without cringing.



I roll my eyes.

"Apo, um, eat?" Lola Edna asks James. (Grandson, um, eat?)

James shakes his head, smiling. "No. Lola I'm still full." he says, patting his stomach, a.k.a. his oh-so well defined abdomen. Relax, I'm just describing him for your sake, not mine.

Definitely.

"So where do you want to study?" James asks, turning to me. I shrug.

"We could study in the library, or the kitchen, or...my room?" he suggests with his famous mischievous smirk. Ugh. How am I going to put up with this guy?

"Let's study here in the kitchen. There's nice natural light coming in through the window." I say as I take a seat at the little table separate from their huge dining room.

"Are you scared of my bedroom?" he questions, raising an eyebrow and pulling up a chair beside me.

I roll my eyes. "Why don't you stop being a pervert and we can work on math since you're pretty good at biology."

"But I like biology!" he whines. "Especially human biology." he says with a wink. "I know the parts of the body very well."

human I think my eyes might get permanently stuck from eye rolls. "Too bad for you since we aren't doing that until the next unit."

Catching me off guard, he lifts his shirt, exposing his six pack that most girls would drool over. Ugh. Maybe I could clean his ego with some holy water. Oh good Lord...

He points to his abs, "Lara, you see this muscle is called the rectus abdominus. But you could just call them my rock hard abs." He winks at me.

I blink at him. He receives no reaction of awe from me. From observation, his body is in really good shape. Of course girls would fawn over his "hot body" or so they say. Not me though, definitely not me. So what if he works out and has a nice body? I could get abs too if I tried! Okay, but I'm not planning to give up food anytime soon.

"Okay then...how about we start on the math that we started on today?"

"C'mon, I know you want to touch my abs. I have really nice biceps too if you want to touch them." he tells me. If arrogance was contagious, he'd have infected us all by now.

"We're not even doing human biology. Plus, I wouldn't touch you if you were the last guy on the planet."

He puts a hand on his heart and dramatically gasps. Oh the drama!

I laugh in his face. "Sorry to burst your bubble but some of us aren't lining up to associate with you, your majesty . Now please stop wasting my time and tell me what you don't understand from the lesson."

your majesty Finally the actual tutoring gets started. James explains the parts of the lesson that he doesn't get, and I show him multiple ways to solve the problem. At first, he didn't seem to be getting it, but after a few more tries he was able to solve the problems like he didn't have any trouble with them in the first place. He was always a fast learner.

Other than that, he always buds in with some cocky remark or comments boasting about himself. The usual.

After an hour or so, our tutoring session is finally over. I didn't know if I could handle his enormous ego any longer.

"Looks like we're done here. I'll show myself out." I tell him, packing my things.

"Oh, um, I, uh-" James stutters. Hmm...I've never seen the great Jameson Bryer stutter in his sentence!

great "Got something to tell me?"

He's about to say something when the doorbell rings. I hear the sound of rustling footsteps rushing to the door. It must be Ate Kelly, the housekeeper. She's actually so nice and is more like a part of James' family than an actual housekeeper.

The sound of faster, littler footsteps increases as Seb runs into the kitchen with his tiny backpack and Gabe trailing behind him.

"Ate Lara!" he screams, coming towards me and hugging my legs. Gabe and Seb just came home from school. I actually feel so bad for the elementary kids. Their school ends at almost 4 o'clock! Our school ends at 2:10. But they have a later start than us so I guess that makes it okay.

"How was school?" I ask both Seb and Gabe.

"It was so fun! At recess we played man-hunt and I was it and I caught a lot of people and I ran so much!" Seb tells me.

it "Wow! Good job bud!" I say. "How about you Gabe?" I ask, turning to him.

"Quite uneventful actually. We were just working on an english essay. Oh! Illa and I were partners for a french project. That's about it."

I nod in response. Illa better not let Gabe do all of the work. I know all too well how that feels.

"Anyways, I should go now since we're done for today. Bye guys!" I hurl my bag over my shoulder and head to the door. As I am unlocking the lock, James approaches me and tugs on my backpack.

"What?" I snarl at him.

"I'll drive you home." he states.

"No thanks. We could all use a less polluted earth." I say back to him. Still, he puts his shoes on and begins to lace them up.

"I said you don't have to drive me home Bryer." I tell him, a bit frustrated from his stubbornness.

"Don't worry, I won't. Are you ready to go for a walk?" he offers his arm.

I roll my eyes and walk out the door as he grins like the idiot he is beside me.

Stupid boys trying to be cute and all. Again, not that I found him cute. I find penguins and baby turtles cute though.

Hey! How's life guys? I usually update on Friday mornings but I forgot and I went on with my day until I remembered it was Friday! How did you like the chapter? Did you guys want to see more Lara and James...hating each other? ;) Anyways, please give this chapter a vote if you liked it! Share this book with other weirdos who might enjoy it? And comment your thoughts 'cause I mean, why not?

Hey! How's life guys? I usually update on Friday mornings but I forgot and I went on with my day until I remembered it was Friday! How did you like the chapter? Did you guys want to see more Lara and James...hating each other? ;) Anyways, please give this chapter a vote if you liked it! Share this book with other weirdos who might enjoy it? And comment your thoughts 'cause I mean, why not? Hey! How's life guys? I usually update on Friday mornings but I forgot and I went on with my day until I remembered it was Friday! How did you like the chapter? Did you guys want to see more Lara and James...hating each other? ;) Anyways, please give this chapter a vote if you liked it! Share this book with other weirdos who might enjoy it? And comment your thoughts 'cause I mean, why not? -Summer

-Summer -Summer P.S.

JUST PASSED 3K READS AND I AM SO FRIGGING THANKFUL TO ALL OF YOU FOR THE SUPPORT!! Much love!

P.S. P.S.

JUST PASSED 3K READS AND I AM SO FRIGGING THANKFUL TO ALL OF YOU FOR THE SUPPORT!! Much love! JUST PASSED 3K READS AND I AM SO FRIGGING THANKFUL TO ALL OF YOU FOR THE SUPPORT!! Much love!





Tip Twelve: Block Annoying People


We keep on walking. We've been walking in silence for about 2 minutes now. I take my earphones from my sweater pocket and untangle them. Ugh. I swear these earphones are more complicated than my life! Then again, I'm a pretty boring person. I pull out my phone and begin texting the girls.

Me: Guys! Where are you? I'm trying to avoid talking to a humanoid!

Me: Guys! Where are you? I'm trying to avoid talking to a humanoid! No reply.

Me: Guyyyyysssss!

Me: Guyyyyysssss! No response.

Me: Okay I will hunt you down tomorrow!!!! Ahh!!!

Me: Okay I will hunt you down tomorrow!!!! Ahh!!! I turn to James. "Why are you walking me home? My house is literally only 10 minutes away from here." I ask him, plugging an earbud in one of my ears.

"I want to make sure that you get home safe." he answers, shoving his hands in the pockets of his jeans as he turns to smile at me, his dimples showing making this situation a million times more deadly than it has to be.

Wait...what? I know exactly what you, yes you right there, are thinking! And the answer is no, this is not me thinking he looks hella gorgeous! I'm an A-student in english. I'm just practising descriptive writing in my mind to...improve. It's totally a thing. Quite a few authors use it for success.

"Me? Safe with you?" I say, pointing a finger at myself then him. "If anything, I should feel at risk with only you here."

Don't think that I've forgotten that my face has been a target for soccer balls, basketballs, tennis balls-fine, everything for-my entire existence.

He laughs. "Really? If we're talking about safety, I should be the one who's afraid! I'm just lucky that you haven't tried to bruise this enthralling, handsome face of mine." he brags, batting his eyelashes.

"Well I think that your luck might be running out in 3-," I crack my knuckles on my hands. "-2," I crack my neck.

"Ugh! Stop with that cracking! That's disgusting!" he whines like a little child that's witnessed a spider for the first time, as he places his hands over his ears. I almost chuckle. I always knew that it was one of his pet peeves. Funny, I must be one of the only people to know what makes him tick.

He rolls his eyes and shoves me aside, causing me to step on the grass. I laugh hysterically, clutching my stomach. I catch my breath and go back on the sidewalk.

"Oh [insert swear word here]!" James mutters beneath his breath. His eyes are becoming increasingly worrisome.

I kick his shin without full force. "Swearing is bad!" I yell. Okay, maybe I'm tempted to swear at times but even in my mind, the words come out ridiculous. Like...fishballs and stuff like that.

"Sorry mother ." James responds sarcastically.

mother That remark earns him a light punch on the shoulder. "What happened?" I ask him, my brows furrowing.

He puts a hand on the back of his neck and sighs. "I just remembered something. The team has practice on Saturday but I have to attend some event or whatever at a banquet hall right after." He looks up at the sky in despair.

"Sucks to be you." I pat him on the shoulder, and he squints at me. "I-I mean...um...you'll be fine?"

Okay. Maybe I'm not the best at reassuring people. What do you want me to say?

When he doesn't respond to my awkwardness, I continue to talk. "Is it about the business?"

" No, of course not . It's an event dedicated to potato farming." he tells me. The sarcasm is strong in this one. "I don't even want to go! My dad just keeps reminding me that I have to take over the business soon, that I have to learn this stuff, that-"

No, of course not

"You don't want it." I state simply, my voice hushed so low that I can almost not hear my own voice.

He never wanted it. I know that. I see it in his eyes whenever he tries to please his father. You see, a lot of rich boys would do everything to piss their dads off because of a rocky relationship. But not James. No, he loves his dad too much to ever do that. Too much to admit to him that he doesn't want to be the heir to the company, too much to ever let him down.

He laughs, a sad laugh though. "Only you De la Cruz, only you." he says, shaking his head.

We continue our walk until we finally reach my house. I shoot him a little smile and take a step on my driveway, but he pulls me back. "Thanks, you know, for tutoring me.

Woah. Jameson Bryer thanking someone? This must be a dream...or a parallel universe.

"I'd have thought you were being serious for once if you hadn't blackmailed me into doing this." I retort.

"If you want to back out, I could always go to my buddy Holden and-"

And...he's back again. The old, blackmailing James that I hate, dislike and despise.

I interrupt him, "Nope, no, no I'm not backing out!"

The idiot flicks my forehead and I slap his hand before I run to my front doorstep and jab the key into the key hole. "Bye loser!" I yell back at him.

I enter the house to see a pink tutu wearing child running in the hallway with a fairy wand. So...I guess my cousins are here now. My four year old cousin screams as she runs around a post and makes a beeline to my position.

"Hello Elsa! How are you?" I ask as I tickle her. She squirms, laughing.

"I'm going to see Frozen!" she says, a hand on her hip. Maya loves Frozen, like most little kids now-a-days. Therefore, I've renamed her Elsa.

loves My Ninang (Godmother) Kath comes from the kitchen. "Maya, did you tell Ate Lara that you're going to Disney On Ice?"

"Woah! You're seeing Frozen on ice?" I say to Maya.

"Yup!" she responds excitedly.

"Where's Maggie?" I question Maya. Maggie is her little, newborn sister. She gestures for me to follow her and we make our way to the living room where the baby lays in her car-seat. Of course, I can't see her since a blanket is draped over it since she's probably sleeping.

Maya doesn't seem to care as she hastily pulls the blanket off of the car seat, revealing a wide-eyed Maggie. "Well congratulations , Maggie's awake!" Maya announces, almost sounding sarcastic. Does a four-year-old even know what sarcasm is?

congratulations I mean, it's never too early to learn!

In an instant, Maggie starts wailing so loudly that Maya covers her ears and rushes upstairs. Oh gosh, she's going to unleash a tornado in my bedroom. I just know it.

I have no idea where Ninang Kath is, but I think I have been left alone with a baby that's barely a month old and is crying louder than Carol after a breakup. Sadly, I can't control this situation by bribing the baby with a tub of ice cream.

"Ninang Kath! Where's the bottle?" I scream.

"I just fed her!" she yells back in response. Well then. That's just lovely.

"Shh...Maggie stop crying!" I plead as I take her out of the car-seat and rock her in my arms. There are eight other people in this house right now, including my Ninang and Maya, so why am I the one with the baby?

I decide to try calming her down by singing. I rock her in my arms as I let my voice take over the air around us.

" Look at this stuff, isn't it neat? Wouldn't you think my collection's complete? Wouldn't you think I'm a girl, a girl who has everything? "

Look at this stuff, isn't it neat? Wouldn't you think my collection's complete? Wouldn't you think I'm a girl, a girl who has everything? "

It must be pure luck because the child miraculously stops crying.

" Look at this trove, treasures untold. How many wonders can one cavern hold? Looking around here you'd think, sure, she's got everything. "

Look at this trove, treasures untold. How many wonders can one cavern hold? Looking around here you'd think, sure, she's got everything. " In the middle of my amazing (eh, not too terrible) broadway performance, the annoying sound of the doorbell goes off again. Gugh, that doorbell brings bad news. My dad goes past us and heads to the front door. I can hear the faint sound of my dad saying, "Come in!" and "She's in here!".

amazing I think it's safe to assume that my location has been leaked by my father. I must be used to the betrayal by now. I look dramatically at a window. Damn it, the blinds are closed and it takes away that drama effect!

Maggie starts to cry at the second I stop singing and I rush to continue the lyrics to that little mermaid song.

"I've got gadgets and gizmos a plenty. I've got whooz-its and whats-its galore. You want thingamabobs? I got 20. But who cares? No big deal. I want more. I want to be where the people are. I want to see, want to see 'em dancing. Walking around on those, what do you call them?"

"I've got gadgets and gizmos a plenty. I've got whooz-its and whats-its galore. You want thingamabobs? I got 20. But who cares? No big deal. I want more. I want to be where the people are. I want to see, want to see 'em dancing. Walking around on those, what do you call them?" " Feet ." another voice says. I turn around to see James standing at the doorway to the room, clutching an envelope. " Flipping your fins you can't get too far. Legs are required for jumping, dancing. Strolling along down a, what's that word again? Street." he sings, his voice low and smooth like silk.

Feet Flipping your fins you can't get too far. Legs are required for jumping, dancing. Strolling along down a, what's that word again? Street." Deciding to become Troy Bolton all of a sudden, are we?

I look at Maggie in case of the very likely event that the voice of a probably possessed Jameson Bryer has scared her motionless. Instead, the baby is fast asleep. What ? Again, what ? His voice is the one that put her to sleep? The same one that rattles my eardrums each morning?

What what His Unbelievable. Even my barely a month old cousin has given in to his tactics. It must be sorcery or wizardry or something!

I place Maggie back in her car seat and drape the blanket over it again.

"What do you think you're doing? Using sorcery on my cousin like that to make her fall asleep!" I whisper-yell at James.

"Not my fault that my voice is more appealing to the ear than yours." he shrugs, smirking at me.

Grrrr... He insults my boobs, now my voice? I'm actually ready to drop kick his butt right now.

"What are you even doing here?" I ask.

He just hands the envelope to me. "I forgot to give this to you. I said that I'd pay you for your precious time."

"I don't want your money." I state.

"It's not money." he tells me.

"Then what is it?"

He just shrugs, gives me a mischievous grin and walks casually out of my front door. Told you he's a weirdo.

***

10 :45p.m. I squint at my bedside clock. Maybe if I stare a bit more, I'll finally fall asleep.

10 :45p.m. This is terrible. This is horrible. I hate this. I hate waiting for sleep to come over me. I went to bed at 9:30ish and I'm still not falling asleep. 9:30! You go to sleep at 9:30? Fun fact: I don't like staying up past 10. I can't stay up past 11 without waking up in the morning with a massive headache. So yes, I sleep early.

9:30! You go to sleep at 9:30? You can't wake up gorgeous without your beauty sleep! Let's cue my winking face.

Beep! Beep! My cellphone lights up on my side table and I shift over, extending my arm to reach it. I turn it on and I almost scream.

Beep! Beep! Light...bright...eyes...dying...help...

I quickly enter my password and like a ninja, I turn my brightness down to 0 which doesn't help AT ALL by the way! I open my message to see a number that I do not recognize.

647-001-020: Hey Lara! Could you help me in french? Could you translate a paragraph for me by tomorrow morning? My french project is due second period.

647-001-020: Hey Lara! Could you help me in french? Could you translate a paragraph for me by tomorrow morning? My french project is due second period. Me: Who's this?

Me: Who's this? 647-001-020: It's Xander!

647-001-020: It's Xander! Me: Oh, ok.

Me: Oh, ok. 647-001-020: So you'll help me?

647-001-020: So you'll help me? Me: Hahaha...no. Do your own work. I'm sleeping rn.

Me: Hahaha...no. Do your own work. I'm sleeping rn. This, this right here is what I hate! This dude probably didn't even know my name since a minute ago! We've shared a few classes but did he ever talk to me? No. So please, forget my existence if you're planning to use me as a translator.

I swear, where do these people get my number? How does this even work?

647-001-020: Please Lara! C'mon, we're friends!

647-001-020: Please Lara! C'mon, we're friends! Me: -_-

Me: -_- 647-001- 020: You can't refuse me! You're lucky that I'm even talking to you!

647-001- 020: You can't refuse me! You're lucky that I'm even talking to you! Excuse you?

Excuse you? Xander isn't just a regular dumb, cheating dude. He's a football quarterback dumb, cheating dude. He's also a womanizer and ego-maniac. So basically another version of James. He's friends with James but not close friends or anything. So yeah, I hate him too.

regular football quarterback I'm beginning to realize that the more people I encounter, the more people I hate. Wow.

Me: Wow. I'm honoured...but I need my beauty sleep. Oh, and you're a jerk. Being conceited never looks good on anyone btw. Goodnight! :)

Me: Wow. I'm honoured...but I need my beauty sleep. Oh, and you're a jerk. Being conceited never looks good on anyone btw. Goodnight! :) Time to press the "block number" button now. Buh, bye honey! Don't you just love ending your day with goodnight text messages? It makes me feel all fluttery on the inside. I go to the LKJC group chat. They still haven't replied and they've all seen the message!

love I put my phone on silent so that it doesn't disturb me again and place it back on the nightstand. Go to sleep, go to sleep, go to sleep! I'm not even thinking about anything! What the heck? Why won't my brain just let me sleep! Gugh.

Hey God, I know I prayed like...an hour ago since I thought that I was going to go to sleep, but could you please let me sleep now? I really want to sleep. Please? I pray silently, hoping that God will just snap his fingers and let me go off into my dreamland.

Hey God, I know I prayed like...an hour ago since I thought that I was going to go to sleep, but could you please let me sleep now? I really want to sleep. Please? Finally, sleep overcomes me and I drift away to a dreamland where everything is perfect. Where everything is the way it should be.

Oh, and is it too late to change my number?

Happy Friday!

I had a monstrous headache last evening so I did nothing except sleep. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter! Sorry, I just had to make the guy have good vocals! Sadly, I haven't heard a guy sing the little mermaid before. Lol. Remember to vote if you did like the chapter. And comment 'cause I loooove reading comments! See you guys next week!

Happy Friday! Happy Friday!

I had a monstrous headache last evening so I did nothing except sleep. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter! Sorry, I just had to make the guy have good vocals! Sadly, I haven't heard a guy sing the little mermaid before. Lol. Remember to vote if you did like the chapter. And comment 'cause I loooove reading comments! See you guys next week! I had a monstrous headache last evening so I did nothing except sleep. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter! Sorry, I just had to make the guy have good vocals! Sadly, I haven't heard a guy sing the little mermaid before. Lol. Remember to vote if you did like the chapter. And comment 'cause I loooove reading comments! See you guys next week! -Summer

-Summer -Summer

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Oh how I enjoy funny things on Pinterest...

Oh how I enjoy funny things on Pinterest... Oh how I enjoy funny things on Pinterest...





Tip Thirteen: Be an Instagram Model


Hoooonnnnkkkk!!!

Hoooonnnnkkkk!!! Let's pretend that this is a movie scene and that we can press the pause button. So, pause. That was the ear shattering sound of an airhorn to my ear. Resume.

Thunk! Ahh!

Thunk! Ahh! Pause, again. That was the sound of a startled Lara falling off of her bed at the sound of that sudden loud noise.

I groan as I try to lift my aching body from the floor. I look up to see a blurred vision of the twins, who are laughing hysterically at me. Brook is holding the airhorn that scared the crabapples out of me, and Bree is holding a megaphone.

"Rise and shine!" Bree announces through the megaphone. I groan in reply as I grab my glasses from the nightstand and put them on. Is it weird that I want to strangle them even more after seeing them perfectly.

Brook makes her way to the other end of my room and opens the blinds, causing me to jump back into bed and hide underneath the covers. "What the heck are you guys doing?" I yell from beneath the sheets.

"Get up Ara!" Brook shouts, "It's a nice, sunny morning!"

I stick my head out to glare at them and turn to my alarm clock. 6:00 a.m. "Why are you waking me up an hour before my alarm!" I shout.

"So we can do some morning yoga! Duh!" Bree exclaims.

"Here are your workout clothes!" Brook tells me as she throws a pair of yoga pants and a loose shirt to my face. "Now hurry up and go to downstairs once you're done." she orders.

"Time to get Illa." the twins say in unison. They shut my bedroom door and I hear the sound of the airhorn coming from Illa's bedroom and a thunk on the floor. I don't know what made my sisters so incredibly insane.

I slip my black yoga pants on and surf through my drawer for a sports bra. I then slip on the loose turquoise t-shirt and tie my hair up in a simple ponytail. I go to the bathroom, brush my teeth, wash my face, then I do one last check to see if I look okay.

I rush down the stairs and head to the family room to see that my sisters are sitting down on their yoga mats. I unroll mine and sit down too.

The next thirty minutes consisted of Illa and I following the twins' lead and me almost breaking every bone in my body as I tried to hold the poses. I can't do yoga for life. After, I took a quick shower and changed into my school clothes.

I tie my hair up in a high bun and examine my outfit. Eh, at least I look decent. I'm wearing denim jeans and a loose, white t-shirt with a black sweater. I mean, I'm going to school to learn, not to make a fashion statement. I take a look at the alarm clock, 7:00.

I head back down to the kitchen and my grandmother is sitting at the table, watching me intently as I cut up some strawberries and put them in a container.

"Morning Lola Nora." I greet, smiling at her as she drinks a cup of herbal tea.

She smiles sweetly before gesturing excitedly for me to come closer. I place my bagel in the toaster then go over to my Lola.

"Apo, gumawa ka na ng Instagram para ma 'like' mo ang mga pinopost ko." she pleads. (Make an Instagram already so you can like my posts.)

"Lola naman, hindi po ako 'social' kagaya nino. Hindi ko nga alam kung paano gumawa ng ganyan." I tell her. (Grandma, I'm not social like you. I don't even know how to make one of those.)

"How about...Twitter na lang?" she suggests. (How about...a Twitter instead?)

"Lola!" I sigh, laughing. She's probably one of the only grandmothers that actually want their grandchildren to be on social media. Ever since she's made an account, she's been telling me to make one too! Of course, my sisters practically live on social media, which I don't understand.

live

Call me old school, but I think it feels much better to talk to people in real life than sharing your full day on social media. Something about it just feels so real.

real. "Okay, but you have to follow me if you do decide to make one." she says.

"Don't worry, I will." I tell her, chuckling.

I go back to the counter. I put the toasted bagel on a plate and spread some cream cheese on it. Yum! I open my phone and go to Pinterest. Ugh! Okay, I have zero social thingamabobs except two things: Pinterest and Wattpad. I'm sorry, it's only a matter of survival.

I am in love with Pinterest. I just love looking at cute pictures of all sorts of things and quotes especially. I first made a Wattpad account because my friend wrote a book and asked me to read it. Eventually, she got tired of it and deleted it. But I got so obsessed with other hilarious books!

I'm a sucker for cute shippable characters.

I finish my breakfast, drop my plate in the sink and kiss my Lola on the cheek as I say goodbye. I pick up my schoolbag, and lace my sneakers. I open and close the door, locking it and I make my way to school.

***

I go straight to the lockers, like usual. The only difference is, nobody is waiting here at Jasmine's locker. Where's the KJC? I pull out my phone and take a look at the time. I'm not early... I open the messenger and go to our group chat. The messages that were sent yesterday have not been replied to.

Me: Where are you guys?

Me: Where are you guys? Nobody replies. If anything, Jas always replies in the mornings. What's going on?

Me: I'm at the lockers.

Me: I'm at the lockers. Well, okay. Um, how about I just stand here and wait for them? They should be coming in a few minutes or so. I stare at my phone, pretending that I'm actually doing something when in reality I'm just avoiding human interaction.

Suddenly, I hear footsteps and I large figure shadows over me. I look up from my phone to see Xander staring down at me. And boy, does he look ugly. Ugly? Oh...I mean to say angry, but anger does make one look uglier.

"Thanks to you, I'm probably going to fail that project!" he whines like a little baby, pouting as well. Well, I thought he was going to hurt me...but he's acting like I'm a full time babysitter.

I shrug, "You should've thought of that before you waited till the last minute."

"Please! I'll do anything!" he begs. This is almost too funny. "I'll even let you go on a date with me !"

me Conceited much?

"That's nice and all, but I would consider that more of a punishment than a gift." I reply.

His jaw drops like he's never been rejected. "I think you'd actually like me if you got to know me."

"Ehhh...well, I don't think so. Unlike a lot of people, I have these things called standards . One of which includes not being used for homework." I state.

standards A group of friends walk by and begin to snicker. Xander makes like a tomato and turns bright red. How amusing. He goes to open his mouth, searching for words but nothing comes. He opens his mouth again and this time he is actually able to form words. "Well, I must be way past your standards then."

"Whatever lets you sleep at night." I respond. It's a wonder that his big head hasn't exploded yet. Guys like him and James are the reason that I roll my eyes every 5 seconds or so.

"Whatever. I'll just get another nerd to do my homework." he states.

"Yay!" I exclaim. "I'm so glad that you came to your senses and realized that I was never planning to help you!" I shoot him a bright smile and he looks at me, annoyed.



I help people, really, but I help people learn, not cheat.

He turns to go back to his group, defeated. Well, did he expect me to give in to his blond hair and blue eyes? I mean we all give in to those handsome characters in the books, but that's not the point!

I glance at my phone, looking to see if the girls have responded. No new messages. Sucks. I walk around, trying to find some other people to go to and talk with. I end up seeing another group of friends, talking by my english class.

"Hey guys!" I greet, smiling brightly at Gabrielle, Dylan and Paige.

"Hey!" Gabrielle responds. "Lara you won't believe what we just saw on Instagram!"

"What is it?" I ask, trying to put some enthusiasm in my voice although I am anything but interested.

Dylan almost jumps as she says, "This is literally couples goals!" and shoves her phone to my face.

I take the phone and look at the picture. Aw...it's so cute! It's an adorable picture of a blonde haired girl and a guy walking down a busy street, holding hands. They're even wearing cute sunglasses!

Wait a second.

I look intently at the picture. Is that? Oh no, it can't be...can it? What the freak.

Kiera Elizabeth Jones! She went downtown without telling me! And with the Daniel-I don't know his middle name-Samuels too! Damn it, I don't know his middle name! No wonder the girl was too busy to answer my texts! I have to tell the others about this.

"Is this Kiera?" I ask, making sure.

"Yeah! Her and Daniel look so good together! Plus, she has the best fashion sense!" Gabrielle says.

"This one is even cuter!" Paige squeals, swiping to another picture.

Yeah how adorable. Logan is giving Jasmine a piggy-back ride. Woo hoo! Them being all smiley and laughy and...other stuff that I can't think of right now. Great, my friends just all hung out without me! Great! I swipe to see another picture with Carol and Mark. It looks like a stolen shot of them talking.

Yeah how adorable. Did they all decide to become Instagram models or something? This is what I get for avoiding social media.

I return Dylan's phone and just in time, the warning bell rings. Thank God. I bid them goodbye and walk to english, hoping to get some answers from two, very knowledgeable boys. As I enter the english classroom, I stomp and create a scene.

"Logan Ford and Daniel Samuels!" I yell at the sight to them.

They turn to me, wide eyed, stand up and salute as if I were a commander and they were soldiers. "Sir, yes sir!" they shout back in unison.

I raise an eyebrow.

"Uh, um, uh...Ma'am, yes ma'am?" they correct themselves. Logan looks especially terrified. What? It's just boy training!

I step up to them and stare them down. As you already know, being intimidating is tough when you're a foot shorter than the one you are against. But none the less, they are intimidated alright.

"Where were you last evening of the 16th hour?" I interrogate.

" Lara , the clock only goes up to 12." Logan responds. Genius, I know. Daniel face palms and hits Logan on the back of the net. "Ow!"

Lara "She means 4:00 you dumb*ss!" Daniel tells Logan, still face palming. I glare at Daniel for his choice of words.

Daniel sticks his hands up defensively. "I meant that in the best way possible."

"And you!" I yell, pointing at Logan. "It's ma'am to you!"

Logan pouts. "But I've called you Lara since the fifth grade!"

"Well too bad! Now, where were you?" I ask again.

"I was obviously sleeping. I mean, who's up at 4 in the morning?" Logan replies in a matter-of-fact tone. I'm not saying that he's brainless, but he isn't the brightest bulb in the chandelier.

His remark earns him another hit on the back of his head from Daniel. "She meant 4 in the afternoon you dumba-I mean... unintelligible person.

unintelligible person. "Ohhh" Logan says as he finally understands the question. "Easy! I was at home doing homework."

"And I was at the gym." Daniel adds on.

Lies . All lies. Logan? Homework? If they're going to lie, they've got to make it believable.

Lies I play along, "So you guys didn't see my friends after school yesterday?"

They shake their heads calmly.

I go on. "'Cause I was texting them and they never replied. I thought you'd know where they were."

Logan bites his lip in anxiousness. Finally, he gives in. "Lara! I mean ma'am I am so sorry! We were with them and they didn't want you to know and I really didn't want to lie but they made us and please, please don't kill me I really want to live and I am still so young and I don't want to die! Have mercy!" He drops on his knees and fake cries.

Well then.

"As much as I enjoy seeing you like this, can I just ask why?" I question the boys.

Daniel shrugs. "Well Logan's pretty much an idiot and a lost cause so-"

I interrupt him. "I meant why did they not want to tell me?"

"I don't know." they say. This time, I know it's the truth.

Only my friends would be dumb enough to go on a top secret photoshoot and post it all over Instagram. I've been lied to and all, but couldn't they have tried secret-ing better?

Just one more facepalm.

Ahh!! Guys!! Happy Friday! Thank God for the week is finally over! I had a horrid week since I was coughing my lungs out. Lol. Anyways, how was your day? I just want to say that I appreciate all of you so so so so much! You all have given me the motivation to write and be a better writer! And to everyone that's been with me since the Prologue, thanks for not running away! Hope you liked the chapter and if you did give it a vote! And spam me with comments if you feel like it! Don't be a ghost reader! Let me know you're here!

Ahh!! Guys!! Happy Friday! Thank God for the week is finally over! I had a horrid week since I was coughing my lungs out. Lol. Anyways, how was your day? I just want to say that I appreciate all of you so so so so much! You all have given me the motivation to write and be a better writer! And to everyone that's been with me since the Prologue, thanks for not running away! Hope you liked the chapter and if you did give it a vote! And spam me with comments if you feel like it! Ahh!! Guys!! Happy Friday! Thank God for the week is finally over! I had a horrid week since I was coughing my lungs out. Lol. Anyways, how was your day? I just want to say that I appreciate all of you so so so so much! You all have given me the motivation to write and be a better writer! And to everyone that's been with me since the Prologue, thanks for not running away! Hope you liked the chapter and if you did give it a vote! And spam me with comments if you feel like it! Don't be a ghost reader! Let me know you're here! Don't be a ghost reader! Let me know you're here! Kisses! Wait nevermind I'm sick...

Kisses! Wait nevermind I'm sick... Kisses! Wait nevermind I'm sick... -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Fourteen: Always Hunt for the Truth


I march up to my friends who are already seated at a table. They look up and smile innocently at me. I return the smile. I survived my 3 classes and it is now my favourite part of the day. Lunch.

"Hey Lara!" they greet.

"Where were you guys this morning? And why haven't you been answering my texts?" I question, much less intensely than I did to Logan and Daniel.

"This morning? I had early soccer practice." Carol answers truthfully. "Were you guys not with Lara?" she asks Jasmine and Kiera.

"I was finishing up an extra credit assignment." Jasmine answers.

"And I had cheer practice." Kiera states.

"Sorry dude, I forgot to tell you." Carol tells me.

"No problem. But where were you guys yesterday? I was in the middle of a situation." Are they going to lie to me? I know they are going to lie.

know "Oh. I had to take my brothers to karate practice and my phone ran out of battery." Carol explains. Ha! She's the best liar there is, but she's not supposed to use her skill on me! Ugh, she's only supposed to do that when we're in the middle of a situation that might lead to hand-to-hand combat.

Whaaaat ? We've never done that. On a totally unrelated note, Kiera and Jasmine make great practice targets.

Whaaaat never I nod, pretending to believe her, then look to the other two.

"Me?" Kiera asks. I nod. She continues, "I had a dentist appointment. Ugh."

Next, my eyes go to Jasmine, who cannot lie for the sake of anything. She looks like she's about to vomit or bolt out of here. So basically the exact same face she had when they confessed their relationship status to me.

"I was...um...I was at the, uh, library." she manages to stutter. Woah. Jasmine told a lie? And here I thought that I would never see the day when it happened.

"So Carol was at a dojo, Kiera was at the dentist and Jasmine was at the library? That's great. Who's ready to admit that they're lying? Unless, of course, you took those lovely instagram photos at the dentist office." I say, smiling sweetly.

1 jaw drop, 2 jaw drops, 3 jaw drops. They stare at me in disbelief.

"H-h-how did you know?" Carol asks, dumbfounded by the fact that I knew.

"You idiots! If you're going to keep a secret, at least do it correctly! Who the hell posts pictures of a secret date on Instagram with the #couplesgoals, #relationshipgoals, and hashtag other things that you hashtag!" I yell at them like a crazy person.

"What? We never posted anything." Jasmine comments seriously.

"Yeah, you did." I respond.

"I didn't post anything either." Carol tells the group. They narrow their eyes to Kiera who is smiling nervously, her double chin as gorgeous as ever.

" Well , I may have posted a couple... dozen pictures on my Instagram." she confesses.

Well dozen Carol facepalms. "You're actually an idiot. Like, I don't even want to look at you right now."

"So instead of telling Lara, you posted it for the whole world to see!" Jasmine exclaims.

" What ! The pictures just matched my feed so well ! How could I not post it?" Kiera justifies her actions.

What so well not They roll their eyes. "See?" she says, pulling out her phone and scrolling through the pictures. "The pictures are so pretty!"

"Why did you guys have to lie to me?" I ask, confused and a bit hurt.



Jasmine opens her mouth as if to say something, but quickly closes it again at a loss of words.

Carol is the first to speak up. "We-we didn't want you to feel like you were being left out. I mean, since we'd be, you know-"

"Yeah. I get it. But I wish you would've just told me instead of lying. We never lie to each other." I tell them, shaking my head. I never wanted anything to change since the beginning. I mean, I knew that these things tend to happen, but I didn't want them to.

"We're sorry. We didn't mean to hurt you." Kiera gives me her apologetic smile.

"I know."

"We'll make it up to you! We could all hang out on Friday!" Jasmine suggests.

"As great as that is Jas, we kind of already had that planned, remember?" I remind her.

"Oh yeah! Sorry, forgot about that." she shrugs.

I look at all of them. "I never want you guys to feel like you have to hide anything from me. We're best friends. We have to be there for each other."

"Sisters before misters." Carol starts.

"Fries over guys." Kiera continues.

"All foods before dudes." Jasmine finishes.

I glare at them. "Really? Says the people who literally just replaced me with guys on the freaking first day of school! Everyone says that until they actually get a guy and make me the third wheel!"

They laugh hysterically, almost tearing up.

"What's so great about guys anyways? They're just gross and annoying." I comment.

"Oh Lara, Lara, Lara, you will loooove a guy one day when you're older and finally understand." Jasmine says in a sing-song voice.

loooove "I'm the oldest out of all of us!" I exclaim. I snort. "And puh-leaze, I've already loved a bunch of guys."

Kiera raises an eyebrow. "Fictional characters don't count."

"Nor do people that you've only watched on T.V." Carol adds.

I click my tongue. "Okay then. Then I haven't loved any guy at all."

I've liked guys, yes. But I don't really think I've ever been in love before. I haven't had a boyfriend either. But to get one of those you have to have a male friend, which I don't have. (Mark doesn't count since he's basically my brother) And to get one of those , a person of the male species has to interact with me. And to get someone to actually interact with me, I have to be social and likable. So logically speaking, I'm doomed.

liked those those "Oh well. I'll just be that super rich single aunt who travels to Paris, New York, Tokyo and Milan. Flying first class, of course." I state confidently.

We all stare at each other for a moment or so before we burst out laughing so hard that I swear the whole cafeteria stops and looks at us like we're crazy.

But hey, aren't we all?

***

I start walking again to the direction of James' house. I look around, searching for his new Porsche that is usually quite visible with its loud music blaring out the window. But I see nothing. He wasn't absent though. Frankly, he was annoying me throughout second and third period.

I continue my casual walk. Suddenly, I feel a pair of arms on my waist, pulling me back. Instinctively, I start to jab my elbow backwards which loosens up his hold. I turn around and push the attacker back. He falls onto the grass but he drags me down with him.



He rolls on top of me and I grab his face with one hand and his neck with the other. With that control, I flip him over and I find myself with the advantage.

Palm strike, hammer fist, palm strike... The repetition takes over my head.

Palm strike, hammer fist, palm strike... I hold my fist up, ready to smack the living daylights out of my attacker when I hear a scream-sounding response. "Stop! Stop! Stop!"

James?

I relax at the realization that my "attacker" is just an idiot. Wow, so I wasted my precious energy trying to beat up James?

I get up from my position and stand beside him, kicking the side of his stomach. "What...the...effing...hell! Lara!" James mutters between breaths. He is still lying flat on the grass, catching his breath.

"You're the one who attacked me! What was I supposed to do? If anything, you should be apologizing to me ." I debate.

me "I wasn't even trying to attack you! I just wanted to give you a hug! I wanted to walk with you!" he explains.

"Hug? Clearly this is a joke. This is probably one of your little tactics to, like, push me down and embarrass me in front of everyone! And why are you walking when you have a car?"

Sorry Bryer but I'm too smart to fall for your little evil plans. It's like chess. You have to attack before you get attacked. Oh wait...I suck at chess. Don't judge me! I'm a nerd who doesn't like nor is good at chess. Deal with it.

But Kiera is freaking obsessed with that game. I swear...enough with the chess talk!

"I want to help save the earth and stuff! On another note, you are officially insane, De la Cruz." he laughs, getting up from the ground. "You must be the only girl in the world to beat the crap out of a guy because he wanted a hug."

"Please, I have a whole army of friends that would do that." I'm for sure not the only female with concern about safety. A lot of people know self-defense.

"Three people isn't really an army." he reminds me. "And they would do that because of a hug?"

"Again, a hug? Nobody goes behind someone's back and suddenly wraps their arms around them like a python and calls it a hug." I explain.

"Have you never seen those couples with the guy that goes behind the girl and rests his chin on her shoulder or like kisses her on the cheek?" he asks, as we begin walking in the direction of his house.

never Not really, but I've seen a research scientist almost get choked to death by a big snake on the animal channel. I've also seen bears trying to claw each other's eyes out on The National Geographic channel. Basically the same thing though.

"And you were going to kiss me on the cheek?" I raise an eyebrow. He doesn't respond. "Exactly. So that doesn't count."

"Remind me to never come in contact with you." he states.

"I remind you everyday but you never seem to listen." I snarl back.

"Besides, have you never seen those perverted people who go behind others and use a bear hug to kidnap them?" I continue with my argument.

you "Only in the movies." he replies.

"Well it happens all the time in the news." I tell him.

"Okay fine, I was actually trying to scare the crap out of you, but you decided to go all Karate Kid on me." he admits. See, this is why I hate him.

"Where did you even learn self-defense?" he snorts. "I thought you only had time for 'studying'." he says in a mocking tone.

"Just because I actually want to get into a university doesn't mean that I'm a boring person." I argue. Okay, maybe my life is a little boring but I'm not telling Mr. I-am-so-cool-and-popular that.

Mr. I-am-so-cool-and-popular

"So where'd you learn that?"

"Gym, duh." I answer.

We had a self-defense unit each year. The basics were taught during freshman year and they taught us more difficult techniques each year. Everyone loved the self-defense course. At the end, you had the chance to beat up the instructor.

"What? Why didn't we learn that?" James complains, pouting.

Yeah, that course was only available for the girls. Only because the statistics shows that we have a higher chance getting assaulted. It's really sad how we even need to learn these things! We could always just educate people on respect.

But there are always people who won't care. And that's how the problem always begins.

I just shrug in reply to his question. Besides, James did karate for so long. He's been doing it since he was 4 until he stopped last year.

"Oh yeah, I need to cancel our tutoring session tomorrow since I got somewhere to be. Mark and the guys invited me for something." he lets me know.

Awesome! One less hour with the idiot!

"Oh thank the good Lord." I sigh in relief.

"Do you really hate me that much?" he asks with a smirk forming on his annoying thing that he calls a face.

really "Yes, yes I do. If you partially hate me, then I fully hate you." I state with no emotion in my voice but as though it were only a fact. Eh, but it is a fact.

Scientifically proven, actually.

I bet I could ask Asap Science to help me prove that James is in fact an extra-terrestrial. There must be some strange DNA in his body. It would explain everything!

Asap Science "That's not scientifically possible." James states, crossing his arms.

"And what do you know about science?" I question.

"A lot of things," he responds.

"Like what?"

"Like...uh...science-y stuff."

Right at that moment, James grabs my arm and runs behind a big tree.

"What are you-"

"Shhh." James cuts me off. What the heck? Why are we hiding behind a tree. I suddenly notice a police car at the other side of the street.

Oh. My. Freaking. Fishballs. Is James running away from the cops! Oh gosh! I knew he was conceited and stuff, but I didn't think he was a criminal! Let us take a moment to pray for him...

OMG! He must be like a drug dealer or something! What is it? Is it weed? Heroin? Cocaine? Oh my gosh, am I going to jail too for being with him?

He didn't have to force the thug life on me. I don't want to join a gang! I don't want to be a killer! Well I mean, other people I'd like to-No!

Give me a second to scream internally.

I start blurting my thoughts,"Why are the cops after you? Are we going to jail? I knew you were a thug. Oh my gosh. Are you a part of a gang? What am I saying, of course you are! Who knew this happened in real life. We're all going to die. I just-"

"Can you be quiet! I'm not part of a gang and the cops are not after me!" he says, whisper-yelling.

"Then why are we hiding at the sight of a police car!"

"What?" James says, confused. I point to the car and he laughs. "There's not even an officer in there."

I look over to the car again. Oh . Yeah, it's empty.

Oh "Then why are we behind a freaking tree?" I whisper-yell back.

"Look." he points out the café at the other side of the street. I see a bunch of people on the patio area. Finally, I see Kiera and Daniel laughing and talking.

"So what? Did you want to say hi?" I ask him. What's the big deal? "KIERA! DAN-"

James places a hand over my mouth. "Shh! I don't want them to see me!"

I rip his hand from my mouth. Ugh. "Why?"

"Daniel told me he had a dentist appointment today. I wanted to practise at the rink with the guys after school." he mutters angrily. "I'm going to have a talk with that liar."

I laugh and he looks at me funny.

"What? Lara this isn't funny!"

"They're not really creative. Kiera gave me the same excuse at lunch!" I tell him, still laughing.

"I'm going to go over there." James mutters.

"Why do that, when we can have a bit of fun with this?" I raise an eyebrow.

"What do you have in mind?" he smiles wickedly.

Revenge of the third wheels , now playing in theatres worldwide.

Revenge of the third wheels Hey guys! Another week another chapter. So how did you guys like it? What do you think the revenge plan is? We third wheels gotta stick together! You know what I mea-

Hey guys! Another week another chapter. So how did you guys like it? What do you think the revenge plan is? We third wheels gotta stick together! You know what I mea- Hey guys! Another week another chapter. So how did you guys like it? What do you think the revenge plan is? We third wheels gotta stick together! You know what I mea- Lara: Hey what's this?

Lara: Hey what's this? Lara: Hey what's this? James: Yeah...what is this?

James: Yeah...what is this? James: Yeah...what is this? Me: Stawwwwp! This is my author's note! Get out! I already gave you guys the whole freaking chapter!

Me: Stawwwwp! This is my author's note! Get out! I already gave you guys the whole freaking chapter! Me: Stawwwwp! This is my author's note! Get out! I already gave you guys the whole freaking chapter! James: Chapter? What the fu-

James: Chapter? What the fu- James: Chapter? What the fu- Lara: Dude can you stop with the swearing! I seriously want to kill you right now! And every other second.

Lara: Dude can you stop with the swearing! I seriously want to kill you right now! And every other second. Lara: Dude can you stop with the swearing! I seriously want to kill you right now! And every other second. James: Oh c'mon. I know you loooove me. Just admit it.

James: Oh c'mon. I know you loooove me. Just admit it. James: Oh c'mon. I know you loooove me. Just admit it. Lara: I'm going to smack the living daylights out of you! You moron!!

Lara: I'm going to smack the living daylights out of you! You moron!! Lara: I'm going to smack the living daylights out of you! You moron!! Me: Goes to another location to write.

Me: Goes to another location to write. Me: Goes to another location to write. Anyways, guys please vote if you enjoyed this chapter and if you want to see more of my characters! Also comment below what celeb or singer or anime or whatever you are obsessed with. See you in tip fifteen! Love you!

Anyways, guys please vote if you enjoyed this chapter and if you want to see more of my characters! Also comment below what celeb or singer or anime or whatever you are obsessed with. See you in tip fifteen! Love you! Anyways, guys please vote if you enjoyed this chapter and if you want to see more of my characters! Also comment below what celeb or singer or anime or whatever you are obsessed with. See you in tip fifteen! Love you! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Fifteen: Revenge MUST be Creative


It's time.

You're all here for advice aren't you? Because you're all-or have been-in the same position as me. If I must give you the fifteenth tip, you must have a great plan for revenge on your friends. Creativity is always the key.

Grab your cats, sit in a chair and do your evil laugh as you spin around 'cause it's about to get real.

Much realer than reality T.V. so don't worry.

*Cue the mic-drop*

***

"What are we going to do again?" James asks me. I facepalm.

Oh my goodness! I literally just explained the plan in full detail. I could submit it as an english essay! I swear, I'm going to have to repeat this a gazillion times to him!

I explain the plan once more to him, slower this time so that he'll understand it clearly.

"Oh okay. That's great! Not too hard but it'll have a great effect. Very subtle." he responds.

The plan was simple, almost boring really. We're going to walk up to the café and sit down on the patio. Easy. The thing is, we're going to make sure that the couple notices us but then pretend that we don't even know they're there.

sure Not too creative, I know.

But the creativity comes in what we will do to make them notice us.

what When you're a third wheel, you always feel incredibly uncomfortable. So this plan should surely make Daniel almost pee his pants. I mean, how would you feel if the person you lied to was about to catch your lie?

"Ready to execute plan A?" I look up at James.

"Let's do this." he states confidently.

We cross the street to the café. The place is quite busy, waiters scrambling to serve everybody. We take a seat at a table near the couple. Near enough so that we can hear their conversation and that they can probably be able to hear ours. Kiera laughs at a joke that Daniel tells.

A waitress approaches us with a menu. "May I take your order?"

We have to play it off as though we planned to eat here.

"Sure. I'll have a piece of blueberry cheesecake and a water." James says, handing the menu back.

"That sounds good. Make that two." I hand the menu back, smiling.

"Great choice! It'll be here in about 5 minutes." she tells us before heading into the building.

A few seconds after she leaves, James leans in to whisper something to me. "I know that you're going to insist that you pay for your share, but I'm going to tell you right now that I am paying, okay?"

"James it's fine. I can pay for my share-" I argue but James cuts me off.

"See? I predicted that. Besides, don't think I'm being nice to you, even though I am really. I'm only doing this because, uh, my mom will scold me for being not-gentlemanly." he lies.

Sure he's the exact opposite of a nice guy, but he can be a goodie sometimes. Only sometimes.

" Sure, totally. " I reply sarcastically. "Shall we begin phase 1?"

Sure, totally. "Let's do this." He answers.

I shoot a quick glance at the couple who hasn't noticed us yet. It's time to start our very dramatic conversation. It is sure to get them to look at us.

"Lara, I need to tell you something." James begins, talking in his normal voice, making sure that it is audible to Daniel and Kiera.

"What is it James ?" At that moment, Daniel's head shoots up and looks in our direction. I can see his shocked expression in my peripheral vision. I pretend not to see them.

James

"Please say goodbye to the guys for me. I can't face them."

"What, why?" I blurt out.

"I-I'm going to be a father." he says, dead serious. His acting is on-point! He's actually good enough to be in Hollywood.

Hold in your laugh woman ! I think to myself.

Hold in your laugh woman "W-w-what?" I look at him, letting my expression turn worried and confused.

"Please. Please don't tell anyone, especially Luke." he continues. "Raylyn and I, we've been seeing each other for some time now."

After that sentence, I shift my eyes to see Daniel's jaw drop. Kiera's eyes widen and she starts figetting with her fingers. See? This is what I was saying about "uncomfortable".

"She has a boyfriend James!" I yell at him. Okay, now we're kind of, sort of, totally drawing more attention to ourselves.

"I know. It's just that, I was drunk one night and then-"

"And then what? Huh? You just saw her again after you guys had a good time? What kind of a person are you?" I yell at him. It feels so weird saying this to him because I know he'd never do that. I tug on my right ear. Our signal for, let's execute phase 2.

let's execute phase 2. "Oh, and I'm moving to California tomorrow. I didn't know how to deal with this so I booked a flight."

"So you're just going to leave the baby?" I question.

"Well-"

James' little line is interrupted my Daniel's booming voice. "YOU GOT A GIRL PREGNANT! AND YOU'RE MOVING TO CALIFORNIA!"

"Daniel? What are you doing here?" I ask, but he just ignores me.

"How could you be so careless? You got her pregnant! Luke is going to kick your a-"

James and I errupt in a pit of laughter. I clutch my stomach, gasping for air. Our acting was so good that Daniel really got triggered.

"What is so funny?" a clueless Daniel asks. "He got a girl pregnant for goodness sake!"

"No he didn't!" I say, wheezing from laughing.

Finally, James and I stop laughing and he raises an eyebrow at a relieved Daniel. "So how's the dentist appointment going? Although I didn't know that this café doubled as a dentist office."

"Well, um, you see man...I-" Daniel stutters.

"Save it. I already got my revenge anyways. Just don't lie to me about these things. And warn the others too before they try to pull a fast one on me." James says.

"Sure man. Dude, you almost gave me a mini heart attack when you said you got a girl pregnant!" Daniel tells us, laughing.

"So Daniel, did you steal that dentist excuse from your girlfriend?" I ask, wiggling my eyebrows.

"You used that excuse too?" he looks at Kiera, surprised.

"Yeah I used it at lunch when I tried lying to Lara!" she exclaims.

"Aw! We seriously belong together darling!" Daniel says sweetly to her before he engulfs her in a hug.

"Gross." I blurt out, sending James chuckling beside me. Of course, the distracted couple just ignores my remark.

Too much romance, brain malfunction, system overload...crash! This is why I hate romantic movies! Unless they're comedies. You see, my brain just can't comprehend the allure of people falling in love. Ew.

Okay fine, I'm not a total antagonist when it comes to love. I'm a sucker for character ships and Korean Dramas. Real life love though? Please stay 5000 kilometers away from me. Eh, it's been doing that for my whole life anyways.



"Two slices of blueberry cheesecake." the waitress places the two plates in front of us and the two tall glasses of water.

"Thank you." James and I respond at the same time.

"Can I get you guys anything else?" she asks politely. James looks at me to question if I want anything, but I shake my head. We still have to get to his house so I can explain the math lesson to him.

"We're fine, thank you though." he tells her.

"Okay then, I'll get the bill ready." she says before she returns to the building.

She comes back with the bill and James pays for the cake, leaving a little (actually a super big) tip for the kind waitress. We say goodbye to the couple and leave them in peace. Ah, how I love tagging along to couples.

***

Apply the formula, solve the equation, remember BEDMAS...done! I put my pencil down a grin at James who is watching carefully in awe.

"And that's how you would solve the problem!" I exclaim, after showing James the steps to complete our last math problem. Finally, our session for today would be ending and I would be able to go home.

"Huh. That was a much easier way to solve the problem than what Ms. K showed on the board today." he states, closing his textbook.

I roll my eyes. "I did it the exact same way that she did it."

Then again, her lesson was accompanied by music and a few dance battles, so maybe that's the culprit behind his confusion in math. Me on the other hand, I am used to working in chaos. After years of survival in a household of insanely loud sisters, I can still manage to study for an exam while commenting on how good their makeup looks or counting the number of situps they make in a minute.

"I don't know, maybe my brain works better when you're with me." he says, then gives me a genuine smile. Hm, I didn't know that he could actually smile and not smirk.

"Or maybe...I'm a secret wizard with a magic spell book with spells that I use on you to make you understand math." I joke.

"Sounds pretty accurate, but now I think you have absolutely nothing to do with it. I was just born a genius." he says, cockiness coating his every word.

Oh yes, thank you universe for reminding me why I loathe him. Your reminder is much appreciated.

I roll my eyes at him. "I don't suppose you understand the meaning of the word 'genius'."

"Anyways, thank you for being such a great partner in crime today." he bows formally before extending a hand to me.

"Pleasure doing business with you." I say, reaching out to shake his hand. I grab my bag and get up from my seat. "So I'll see you tomorrow?"

As much as I dislike James with all my heart and soul, I must say that he is a great partner for revenge. We would be good partners if we were criminals.

"Let me walk you home." he replies, walking me to the door.

I put on my shoes and open the door. "Bye Seb! Bye Gabe!" I shout to the boys who are upstairs.

"Bye Ate Lara!" they scream back.

"Again, I'm perfectly capable of making it to my own home safely." I remind James.

"Oh well, I want some exercise so I'm coming." he states. Looks like I can't argue any further. He laces up his sneakers and we step out of the house.

We begin walking on the sidewalk. James is complaining about school and work while we trade insults in between sentences. My house is just in view when suddenly, my foot decides to fail at being a foot and that misfortune sends me to my doom as I fall flat on the sidewalk.



James laughs hysterically, not caring that I almost died in front of him. Okay, maybe that's an overreaction.

"You really don't have any coordination, do you?" he manages to say between laughs.

"Well that must explain the reason why I don't play soccer." I groan, still lying on the ground because well, the ground is basically my best friend after years of contact with it.

"Here, let me help you." he offers, extending an arm towards me.

~~~

Lake Ontario, Lakeshore, Toronto~

July {7 years ago}

Lake Ontario, Lakeshore, Toronto~

July {7 years ago} "Let me help you!" the small boy insists as I hold onto a tree branch. He extends a tiny hand out to me and I take it with one hand, my other hand still holding onto the branch for support.

"Let me help you!" the small boy insists as I hold onto a tree branch. He extends a tiny hand out to me and I take it with one hand, my other hand still holding onto the branch for support. I'm trying to get down to the beach, but I don't want to kill myself! Why the heck is it so hard to step down from these giant rocks!

I'm trying to get down to the beach, but I don't want to kill myself! Why the heck is it so hard to step down from these giant rocks! How is it possible that he jumped down from the rock like it was nothing? I hate how he's gifted with Spiderman abilities and I can't even jump without falling on my butt.

How is it possible that he jumped down from the rock like it was nothing? I hate how he's gifted with Spiderman abilities and I can't even jump without falling on my butt. Finally, I manage to get down from the rock and the sand from the beach covers my toes. "Thanks." I mutter stubbornly to him.

Finally, I manage to get down from the rock and the sand from the beach covers my toes. "Thanks." I mutter stubbornly to him. He walks to the water and picks up some tiny pebbles in his hand. He starts throwing them one by one into the lake, the stones jumping. He's skipping stones.

He walks to the water and picks up some tiny pebbles in his hand. He starts throwing them one by one into the lake, the stones jumping. He's skipping stones. "Wanna try?" he asks, holding a handful of pebbles to me.

"Wanna try?" he asks, holding a handful of pebbles to me. "No. I can't." I reply, slightly embarrassed that I don't even have that ability.

"No. I can't." I reply, slightly embarrassed that I don't even have that ability. "Just try it." he insists, taking my hand and pouring a hanful of pebbles in it.

"Just try it." he insists, taking my hand and pouring a hanful of pebbles in it. "Fine." I grunt. I take a pebble and throw it into the lake. Instead of skipping, it just sinks to the bottom. "I told you."

"Fine." I grunt. I take a pebble and throw it into the lake. Instead of skipping, it just sinks to the bottom. "I told you." "It's okay. Just try it again until it works." he shrugs nonchalantly.

"It's okay. Just try it again until it works." he shrugs nonchalantly. We continue skipping (well, I'm just tossing) stones until we get bored. We make our way back up to the park. I go before him and struggle at climbing the big rocks.

We continue skipping (well, I'm just tossing) stones until we get bored. We make our way back up to the park. I go before him and struggle at climbing the big rocks. One of my foot slips, my ankle slides against the rough surface and I start to tear up. It's just a scratch, yet I tear up a little more. "I'm going to fall!" I say, mostly to myself.

One of my foot slips, my ankle slides against the rough surface and I start to tear up. It's just a scratch, yet I tear up a little more. "I'm going to fall!" I say, mostly to myself. "No you won't! And if you do, I'll catch you!" the boy tries reassuring me. As if. He was small and scrawny. He couldn't possibly catch me.

"No you won't! And if you do, I'll catch you!" the boy tries reassuring me. As if. He was small and scrawny. He couldn't possibly catch me. I almost laugh, only the fear stopping me. "Yeah right." I say in disbelief.

I almost laugh, only the fear stopping me. "Yeah right." I say in disbelief. "Well, if you fall, I'll help you up."

"Well, if you fall, I'll help you up." ~~~

~~~ "No thank you. The last time you offered help, I was sent back onto the ground and humiliated in front of the student body." I snarl at him.

He laughs. "Oh, now that was comedy right there. Just take my hand. I won't do anything."

"I hate you." I tell him as I grab his hand.

"Same. Except only partially." he responds while pulling me up. I dust the dirt off of my clothes and quickly pull out my cellphone to see if any damage was done.

I exhale in relief when I see that the screen isn't cracked. Phew.

I walk up to my front door and wave goodbye to him. He waves back and I hurry inside house.

Good thing the love of my life survived. I love you my phone , almost as much as I love meat lover's pizza.

phone Hey guys! I'm so excited since it's a long weekend! I mean, here in Canada at least... So what would you guys do if you were in the same situation as Lara and James? I don't know what I would do tbh. Maybe I'd just go there and join in on my friend's conversation just to make it awkward. So what do you guys want to see more of? More Jara? More of the friends? You know the drill! Vote, comment and share! Thanks to everyone who is reading this! Love you!

Hey guys! I'm so excited since it's a long weekend! I mean, here in Canada at least... So what would you guys do if you were in the same situation as Lara and James? I don't know what I would do tbh. Maybe I'd just go there and join in on my friend's conversation just to make it awkward. So what do you guys want to see more of? More Jara? More of the friends? You know the drill! Vote, comment and share! Thanks to everyone who is reading this! Love you! Hey guys! I'm so excited since it's a long weekend! I mean, here in Canada at least... So what would you guys do if you were in the same situation as Lara and James? I don't know what I would do tbh. Maybe I'd just go there and join in on my friend's conversation just to make it awkward. So what do you guys want to see more of? More Jara? More of the friends? You know the drill! Vote, comment and share! Thanks to everyone who is reading this! Love you! QOTD: What are your favourite Wattpad books? Mine are TGGBB, I Love You To The Moon and Back and all those other books on my reading list! Check out ILYTTMAB on author (and bestie) missjordanxoxo 's page if you're into fantasy and swooning!

QOTD: What are your favourite Wattpad books? Mine are TGGBB, I Love You To The Moon and Back and all those other books on my reading list! Check out ILYTTMAB on author (and bestie) QOTD: What are your favourite Wattpad books? Mine are TGGBB, I Love You To The Moon and Back and all those other books on my reading list! Check out ILYTTMAB on author (and bestie) missjordanxoxo missjordanxoxo missjordanxoxo 's page if you're into fantasy and swooning! 's page if you're into fantasy and swooning! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Sixteen: Don't be Surprised


Where the hell is Jasmine?

hell Shall we get you caught up? Basically, It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down on Friday -shut up. Sometimes you just need to shut down your inner HSM.

It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down on Friday (High School Musical for you people who are clueless and deserve a smack in the face since you didn't watch it. Watch it so that you can develop high and false expectations of high school!)

In this case, I must shut down my inner Rebecca Black. Don't judge me! Y'all were singing that nasally song too when you read that. If you can't admit to that, you are all sitting on a throne of lies.

Anyways, I walked on the pitiful coals of flaming torture while enduring the pain of mental suffering on this very day-which happens to be Friday. It was horrid, really. I encountered strange beings with no sense of normality or common sense. I fought off countless objects being targeted at my body. I barely survived.

Translation from Lara Language to Normal English: Yeah, so I went to school.

I check my watch, 3:00. The bus comes at 3:05 and Jasmine still isn't here yet! She's going to miss the bus. Right now, I'm waiting at our beloved bus stop, the one that Jas and I always take together to the mall when we meet the others. I pull out my phone to text her.

Me: Jas, where are you??? The bus is coming!!!

Me: Jas, where are you??? The bus is coming!!! Jasmine: Oh it's okay. I'll just meet you at the theatre.

Jasmine: Oh it's okay. I'll just meet you at the theatre. Me: What? You're not coming with me?

Me: What? You're not coming with me? Jasmine: Lol. Don't freak. I'll meet you there. Bye.

Jasmine: Lol. Don't freak. I'll meet you there. Bye. Me: See ya.

Me: See ya. Well then. I don't believe there has been a time where Jasmine has ditched me last minute. She's always been the one about schedules and organization and stuff. She's basically our agenda person in the friend group and the opposite of me.

I remember in elementary school, I'd never remember the homework nor would I write it down. I'd just go straight home and call her house to ask her what the work was. In the eighth grade, she told me to be "independent" because we might not get classes together in high school. I thought that would be impossible. But guess who knew nobody in any of her classes that first semester?

Me. I was alone. Worst of all, I had to learn to be responsible.

While I am messy and dizzy with garbage in my room, she's a neat freak who gets super pissed when something is out of place or off schedule. So yes, it is quite surprising of her to break our freaking schedule!

I am contemplating about this pathetic game called life as the bus stops right in front of me and the doors open. I swipe my Presto card and walk into the bus. Almost immediately as I got on, the bus speeds away, causing me to fall onto a seat.

Luckily it was empty.

After a few minutes, we're in the heart of downtown Toronto. Everyone is crowding everywhere. There are so many people walking along the streets, getting ready for an amazing Friday night. The bus stops and I thank the driver as I get off.

Most people are wearing their Blue Jays jerseys, and lining up in front of the box office at The Rogers Center. It's been such a great season. I look at the people and low-key wish that I had tickets to the game. I'd much rather see the game than go shopping. Not that I hate shopping though.

I walk towards the mall and enter. It's a socially awkward person's worst nightmare.

Teenagers.

And hundreds of them too.

Fine, I see people everyday at school and stuff. But the mall? Oh gosh, this is where you awkwardly run into people you don't like while looking like you just got ran over by a Fed-Ex truck. This is the reason why I only go to the mall once a month if I can.



Luckily, I am an expert at pretending that I'm a sociable person. Most people think that I'm this confident, extroverted, person when in reality, I'm just a hot mess. Wait...I'm not hot.

expert I text my friends as I make my way to the giant Indigo store. Indigo is basically my soul mate, my life. It's a pretty big store actually. So much room to browse for books. It's 2 storeys with an escalator. It's literally book heaven.

My friends text me back saying that they're on their way to me. We have about an hour or so to kill before the movie starts at 4:30. They might as well aid me in my unavoidable book haul. Let's review the reasons Lara can't save money!

1. Books. If you take me to any book store, I might as well throw out my life savings. You have those teens who waste money on clothes and makeup and ish, but I waste money on binds of paper with words. It's not a waste though.

2. Food. When I go out (which is rarely considering my lucky combination of anti-socialness, addiction to Wattpad and Youtube, and strict asian parents) I usually buy-I mean, raid the food court.

3. School. I always end up buying random things and look it over while saying, "Why did I buy this again?". I don't really know. There's always some sort of charity fundraising event at my school. At least it's for a good cause!

I head towards the Young Adults section to look for some new reads. I just don't have the patience to wait for the library to purchase the new arrivals. There's a small table with some books with interesting covers.

Carve the Mark, Illuminae, The Problem with Forever, The Outliers ...

Carve the Mark, Illuminae, The Problem with Forever, The Outliers I pick up a copy of the first two and head to the cash register to pay for my books. The line is so long since everyone is on a shopping spree on Fridays. Finally, I get to the front of the line and I hand some bills to the cashier. She kindly puts them in a plastic bag and I thank her as I take my purchases. I start looking over my receipt, checking my plum points-

"Lara!" yells a familiar voice. My head snaps in that direction. It's Jasmine.

I turn around, watching as she, Carol and Kiera approach me. Carol is waving excitedly and Kiera is tapping away at her phone, not looking up. Trust me, one day that girl is seriously going to run into a pole.

"Ugh. Can we please go to another store? There's literally nothing to buy here!" Kiera complains, finally tucking her cellphone in her pastel pink purse.

I roll my eyes. "Drop the act," I say, laughing. "You know that you've been dying to finish re-reading Naruto ."

Naruto Kiera's probably the last person you'd expect to be into anime. She's been re-reading the Naruto mangas as well as binge watching the anime. She decided to buy all the books so she doesn't have to borrow them from her cousin anymore. She's always been into animes like Fairytail, Attack on Titan, One Piece...things like that. Though, I get sort of confused when she starts rambling about her shows.

She shifts her eyes then harshly whispers, "Shut up. If the anyone hears, the anime guys are going to force me to join the anime club!"

Carol snickers but Jasmine is long distracted by a thick book.

"So? You'd love it there. Finally you'd have a fandom to relate to!" I tell her.

"I would, but I'm way too preoccupied with cheer, and gymnastics after school." she explains. I nod.

Kiera's the most flexible girl there is. She's been at gymnastics since she was four I think. Now, she's the head cheerleader. But I mean, she's the best! She deserves to be the captain. Plus, she's not a snob, so her team is quite lucky that they're not stuck with some annoying brat.



"O-kay. Whatever you say." Carol says.

Kiera rolls her eyes. "I still have the online fandom. Carol! Go and get me the next 5 books! And do it subtly!"

"What? Why me?" Carol asks, dramatically pointing at her own chest. "Why must I be the chosen one?"

"Just do it," Kiera orders, "I'll pay for your movie snacks."

My eyes widen. Bad decision Kiera, bad decision. Carol has no limits when it comes to eating at the movies. She usually buys popcorn, frozen yogurt, chicken wings, nachos...and that's when she's not hungry. But she shares so that's okay.

Carol smiles. "Hmm...that sounds divine . Let me find those books."

divine She heads off on her mission.

"The other way!" Kiera yells to her, and she turns around.

"I knew that." Carol states as she passes by us. Sure she did, sure .

Sure she did, sure I turn to Kiera, "So we're seeing The Fate of the Furious right?"

She grimaces a bit. "Well, I thought that we could see something else...like maybe a horror movie?"

What? Qu'est-ce qui ce passe? We never see horror movies for the reason of the "Great paranoia of the 9th grade"! What in her right mind is Kiera thinking?

Qu'est-ce qui ce passe? Let me tell you this. I am a very imaginative and paranoid person. I do not watch horror movies. I can't even watch trailers without freaking out. I'm more scared of the supernatural than a poisonous animal or whatever.

Considering the above, what did the LKJC choose to watch in the 9th grade? Is it:

a) A Disney movie

b) A rom-com

c) An action film with the rock

d) A super-freaking-spine-tingling-scare-the-crabapples-out-of-Lara-horror-movie-that-she-disapproved-of but-was-forced-because-of-a-dare.





If you answered b) then you are...an idiot that needs to get an education. Obviously I never turn from a dare. Books have taught me that dares can lead to one finding a soul mate/love of their life.

You know what I got? I got 2 weeks of sleeplessness, sleeping on my parents' bedroom floor for those two weeks, and shampoo burning my eyeballs because I was too scared that a demon would possess me if I closed my eyes while I was taking a shower!

There are two main lessons to be learned from my experience:

First of all, do not take truth or dare so seriously because you are not going to encounter your future husband because of a crazy dare, contrary to everything I have ever read and believed in.

Second of all, do not watch horror movies if you are weak like me. We can just watch WALL-E or Finding Nemo together.

I blink. I blink 3 times to be exact. Then my facial expression turns 360° as I start screaming, "What are you thinking woman! Don't you remember the trauma I went through!"

She holds her hands out to restrain me as if I were a wild chimpanzee. "Okay, okay, okay, okay."

I refrain from attacking again and she starts to talk, " Please , can we watch a horror movie?" She pops her bottom lip out and pouts.

Please I make that face that we all love from the memes. The one where the nostrils are flared and the double (or triple...quadruple) chin is present. "What in the messed-up-orange-American-President-world has entered your mind?"

"We haven't seen anything scary in forever and we just thought it would be fun to watch with, uh, popcorn." she stammers.

"We?" I question. It seems to me that Kiera is the only one who wants me to have a heart attack and die.

"Well Jas and Carol agreed that they wanted to watch something scary." she replies.

"Huh, okay." I answer back.

"So we can watch Patient Zero?" her eyes light up with excitement.

"Uh...sure." I tell her. Yeah...I'm really going to regret this decision later. Trust, I'm going to get zero sleep for the next two weeks...again.

zero "Awesome!" she almost screams as she hugs me.

I squirm in her arms. "Stop...human...contact."

She rolls her eyes and lets me go.

Jasmine and Carol return with bags full of books. Huh, I didn't even notice that Jasmine left.

For the next half an hour or so, we walk around the mall, window shopping because we're broke. Well, I'm broke for buying two hardcover books. Hardcover books. The struggle is real guys. Kiera is nowhere near broke. When it comes to clothes, that girl is basically unstoppable. By the end, she's carrying bags from Forever21, Sephora, and BrandyMelville.

Hardcover After that haul, we make our way to Cineplex which is a minute walk from the mall. We enter the building and buy each of our tickets for Patient Zero.

We go to the snack bar and buy some overpriced theatre snacks. I buy a large popcorn and Carol buys...well the whole snack bar.

"The movie's almost starting. I'm going to the washroom first." I tell the others, as I pass my popcorn to Jasmine to hold and guard with her life.

Carol says, "Okay." I leave to go to the bathroom. Luckily, there's nobody there. I quickly go on with my business then return to my friends. The only thing is, I find them talking to some other people...

"Hey Lara!" Daniel greets.

Daniel. Logan. Mark.

I turn back around and hope that it is all an illusion, that maybe I'm imagining this horrific situation. Gugh. Do they have to be here too?

Why am I even surprised? Wait...I'm not. I knew something this would happen sooner or later yet I still came.

Why, you may ask?

I don't know. Maybe because of my recent loss of brain cells.

"I shall name him squishy and he shall be mine, and he shall be my squishy."

"I shall name him squishy and he shall be mine, and he shall be my squishy." "I shall name him squishy and he shall be mine, and he shall be my squishy." -If you don't know where this is from don't bother talking to me.

-If you don't know where this is from don't bother talking to me. -If you don't know where this is from don't bother talking to me. Hey guys!

Hey guys! Hey guys! How did you find this chapter? I know nothing about horror movies nor do I even watch trailers, so the one I named was from my Google search for 2017 horror movies. I saw a bunch of them with super creepy pictures and I was breathing heavily through it all. Oh the things I do for this book! Sorry to my Jara fam because James is not in this one! Don't worry though because I have something that you guys will definitely swoon over-

How did you find this chapter? I know nothing about horror movies nor do I even watch trailers, so the one I named was from my Google search for 2017 horror movies. I saw a bunch of them with super creepy pictures and I was breathing heavily through it all. Oh the things I do for this book! Sorry to my Jara fam because James is not in this one! Don't worry though because I have something that you guys will definitely swoon over- How did you find this chapter? I know nothing about horror movies nor do I even watch trailers, so the one I named was from my Google search for 2017 horror movies. I saw a bunch of them with super creepy pictures and I was breathing heavily through it all. Oh the things I do for this book! Sorry to my Jara fam because James is not in this one! Don't worry though because I have something that you guys will definitely swoon over- Damn it I already said too much!

Damn it I already said too much! Damn it I already said too much! Anyways, your votes and comments really help! I get so motivated when I hear-erm read your opinions and see your votes! Don't be a silent reader! Lol. If you guys can, nominate this book for the Fiction Awards in the Best of the Undiscovered category! It would be super awesome! Love y'all! Until next week...

Anyways, your votes and comments really help! I get so motivated when I hear-erm read your opinions and see your votes! Don't be a silent reader! Lol. If you guys can, nominate this book for the Fiction Awards in the Best of the Undiscovered category! It would be super awesome! Love y'all! Until next week... Anyways, your votes and comments really help! I get so motivated when I hear-erm read your opinions and see your votes! Don't be a silent reader! Lol. If you guys can, nominate this book for the Fiction Awards in the Best of the Undiscovered category! It would be super awesome! Love y'all! Until next week... -Summer

-Summer -Summer

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. *Cries internally *

*Cries internally *Cries internally





Tip Seventeen: Eat the Best Ice Cream


Why am I even surprised?

Of course this happens to me, of course. My friends are my friends and his friends are his friends. That's how it was before, and that's how it was supposed to be. But no.

They had to like each other. I've half accepted it already, even though it's only been like 4 days. Okay, maybe I've only quarter accepted it. Okay, okay...I'm still in shock/denial mode.

had It's only been 4 days! What do they expect? Do they want me to now welcome them entirely with open arms? Calm Lara, calm. They're happy, you should be happy too.

I turn around. And even though I know what awaits, the temptation to chase them out with a massive broom still flows inside if me.

"Hey!" Daniel greets again, with a full blown smile on his face. I don't smile back though.

His expression quickly goes back to his usual scared expression when he sees me. "Okay then...maybe I should, like, uh...want some fries?" he stammers, holding out a large serving of french fries.

I glare at him, then stare at the fries, then glare back at him, then at the fries. I approach the guy and he winces, waiting for me to yell another grand lecture and embarrass them in front of everyone.

Suprisingly, (even surprising myself) I drop the glare and take a fry. Then I take the whole plate of fries from his hands. I eat them in silence since everyone is still shocked from my act of kindness(ish).

"Told you the fries would work." I hear Logan whisper to Daniel and I can't help but laugh a little.

Maybe the boys didn't have my full vote, but they did know how to keep me from ripping their heads off. I must say, good tactics.

"So what are you guys doing here?" I ask calmly as I munch on a french fry.

"We obviously wanted to see a movie." Mark answers bluntly.

"What movie?" I interrogate like a cop yet again. Wait no, level up. I'm interrogating like an FBI agent now.

"Patient Zero, ma'am." Logan responds. I nod.

"What time?" I pose another question.

"4:30 ma'am." Logan answers again.

"So you're telling me that you three coincidentally came here at the exact same time to see the exact same movie as us?"

"Yeah?" Mark answers hesitantly. "Well, you see it's not just us thr-"

"Guys! I just saw the best thing back there! They're giving away free popcorn-" a loud voice yells but trails off at the sight of me. What can I say, I tend to leave people speechless.

His eyes almost roll out of his head when he sees me. His jaw gapes at the sight of me and I mirror the same expression.

"You!" we both yell at each other at the same time, pointing at each other.

"What is she doing here?" James looks at his buddies who are smiling nervously.

she "What is he doing here?" I ask ny friends at the same time. "I did not agree to any of this! I only happened to be won over by these fries!" I scream, pointing at the delicious fries.

he "I thought we were having a guys night." James pouts then laughs, seeming less infuriated than he should be. How is he okay with his friends making him a seventh wheel?

Maybe it's just a guy thing. Oh wait...well, I do tend to overreact to things. But that's not the point!

"And I thought we were having a girls night but I guess we were both wrong." I comment bitterly.



"The movie's almost starting!" Jasmine says as she looks up from her watch. We hurry up the escalator and show the person our tickets.

As we enter the theater, I internally panic in my head because all the freaking seats are taken. Literally. Why. A row close to the back is vacant so we hurry up to take the seats for ourselves. Another group of friends eye the row and judging by the look in their eyes, they're challenging us.

It's going down. For real.

Or maybe not because we just casually run to the seats and don't spare the other group a glance. The suckers go away like sad little puppies. Mwah ha ha ha ha.

I sit in between Carol and James. The ads take up like 15 minutes and by the time the actual movie starts, I've devoured more than half of my popcorn. Luckily, Carol has a whole buffet for us and we take turns holding the hot wings, nachos and fries.

Scary noises, sound effects, scary noises.. The movie starts off with this effect repeating. Main guy...gun shots... This isn't supposed to scare me. At every scary scene, the girls' boy-fries are there to hold them in their arms. Ugh. It's the same story with every other girl in the theatre. I swear the only reason people go to watch horror movies these days is too cuddle up during scary scenes! But then it just gets more frightening.

I am a logical, scientific thinker. This is fake , I tell myself, repeating it in my head. There's no way that this could ever happen in real life. No way, no way, no w-

This is fake "Ahhh!" I scream along with everyone else in the theatre, except I am about to go running for the hills.

"I can't." I whisper to Carol, shaking my head. She looks at me understandingly. Please, if they actually cared, they wouldn't have brought those guys with them. They were supposed to hang out with you .

Please, if they actually cared, they wouldn't have brought those guys with them. They were supposed to hang out with you I hate my subconscious.

"Do you want me to-" she starts.

"No, it's fine. I'll just meet you guys at the mall. Just text me when the movie finishes." I tell her, forcing a small smile. She smiles back and I walk out of the theatre.

No matter how unrealistic, impossible, and stupid horror movies are, I will forever be terrified of them. I hate myself for being paranoid about something that will never happen. But the worst thing is, these few scenes will haunt me for a week or so. I am freaking terrified of them. I always have been and I always will be.

I take a deep breath when I finally get out of the building. Air. Thank God. Maybe change is inevitable. I can't expect things to be the same with my friends. Isn't that what life is?

Doesn't mean I'm going to be nice to those guys though. Ha!

It's 5:00 and the September breeze is a bit cooler. I cross my arms in hope to radiate some warmth. To be honest, I must be incredibly stupid to go out and not even bring a sweater. In fairness, it was 20° when I first went out. Eh, it's not that cold anyways.

"That movie was boring." a deep voice says. Obviously that voice belongs to the one and only Jameson Bryer. He walks up beside me and stretches. I look up only to glare at him.

"You got scared? Actually?" he asks, laughing. I roll my eyes and punch him on the arm.

"Oh my gosh. You actually got scared." he realizes, and stops laughing immediately. I start walking away in the direction of the mall.

"Hey! Wait up!" he calls, running after me. I stop and raise my eyebrows at him.

Ugh. Why can't he just let me run to the mall. I am getting pretty cold out here waiting for him to say what he has to say! I'd listen to him but I'd like to do it in the mall where the chilly breeze doesn't send me shivering.



"Wow it's chilly out here." he realizes, then starts to put on a sweater. I look at his sweater, wishing that I'd brought my own. I am seriously envious of him right now.

He notices me staring and smirks. "I feel so much better. Ah, I feel so warm and great." he voices, hugging himself. Stupid James who actually brought a sweater. I glare at him and he laughs.

He takes off his sweater and places it on my shoulders. "Here. You and I both know that my body's way too hot to be covered up with a thick sweater." he states, giving me a goofy smile. Well, he's going to die in the winter then.

I roll my eyes, then raise my eyebrows. "So mine isn't?"

" Well " he starts.

Well "Finish that sentence and you might find yourself with some broken bones." I threaten in a joking manner.

He laughs and we hurry inside the mall. I quickly take off his sweater and throw it back to him. "Thanks." I say softly.

"What did you say?" he asks, pretending that he didn't hear me. He cups an ear, waiting for me to repeat my words.

"I said thank you." I repeat, yelling it in his ear. He winces and holds his ear.

"Wow. You really love to yell, don't you?" he tells me, still making an over exaggerated face.

"Yes, yes I do." I reply, smiling.

"So what do you want to do now-" I start to ask but James interrupts me at the sight of an ice cream parlour. He almost jumps and points at the shop. For a guy who's supposed to be cool, he acts more like a little kid. Sometimes.

But I was never really defined as "cool" so I just randomly let out my inner childishness at times without people questioning me.

He takes my hand and drags me to the shop. Okay maybe not dragging me because I go willingly. I love ice cream. Almost as much as I love pizza. I've realized that I love alot of things almost as much as pizza.

"What flavour do you want?" he asks me.

"My favourite flavour." I respond. I receive a look saying "really?" from James.

"And that is?"

"A very complicated mix of ice cream scoops and various toppings. So don't worry about it since I'll order it myself." I state. He just shakes his head and shrugs.

We start to make our way to the counter where all of the flavours and toppings are displayed when my phone starts to ring. I look at the screen.

Mom.

I tell James to go ahead and I sit at a table to take the call. I swipe to answer before it has the chance to stop ringing and I get an angry lecture from my mother. If you have parents that are anywhere near the likeness of mine, then you would totally understand when I tell you that it is a must to answer on the first call. If not...

Stay aware because they have a powers of the death glare, the slipper slap and the hour long lecture.

"Hello?" I answer.

"Ara! Where are you?" my mom asks.

"At the mall with my friends. Remember I told you that we were hanging out today?" I remind her.

"Yes I know. But where are you in the mall? What store?" she questions. Yes, I get my FBI skills from my mother. It runs in the family.

"At the ice cream store."

"Okay. Just checking up on you. I'm going to call you again in an hour or so." she tells me. I hear a crash in the background and my dad yelling.

"Um...what was that?" I wonder out loud.



"Okay, okay bye! Kabayong buntis! Anong ng yari sa halaman? Ay naku naman! Upstairs now!" I hear a bark in the background and my mom hangs up. (Okay, okay bye! Pregnant horse! [A/N don't ask...it's an expression that my mum uses lol] What happened to the plant? Oh my gosh! Upstairs now!)

[A/N don't ask...it's an expression that my mum uses lol] [A/N don't ask...it's an expression that my mum uses lol] Is there a dog in my house?

Yeah...let's not worry about that at them moment.

I am about to stand up to go to the counter to order my ice cream when I see the idiot walking towards me with two ice cream cones in hand. Is he going to eat two ice creams? A normal person would think that the other one was for them, but knowing James, he could easily eat as many ice creams as he wanted. (And still have the body of a model. Not fair.)

Shockingly, he hands the other one to me. Smirking, he says, "One scoop of chocolate chip cookie dough on the bottom. One scoop of cookies and cream on the top. Everything topped with crushed m&m's and sprinkles, all put together in a waffle cone."

Wow. Just wow.

I just stare blankly at him. Half of me is wondering how the hell he knew what my super complicated dessert was. The other half is paralyzed with happiness since I haven't had my favourite ice cream combo since...a long time.

I taste the ice cream and sigh with delight. Heaven. "How did you know what my incredible ice cream combo was?" I question him.

incredible He shrugs, eating his own ice cream as well. "Because it's you. How could I not?"

"Um, because I didn't tell you?" I answer back.

He laughs. "It seems to me that you've forgotten that we've known each other since birth."

Okay, sure. But our relationship consisted of us almost sending each other to the emergency room every time we would meet. I still remember that day when he "accidentally" pushed me off of a tree branch that I was sitting on and my ankle broke.

Don't bother asking why I was up in a tree in the first place. To be fair, I was on the lowest branch. Low enough that one should be able to jump off without getting injured. But I did not jump. I fell .

fell "Well, I never told you anything other than the reasons that I don't like you. Let alone how to build me the perfect dessert."

"You have such a bad memory. I think all of those equations and formulas have taken up the all space in your brain." he tells me, chuckling.

I'm not going to deny that my memory game sucks.

"Uh huh." I respond.

"You've told me before. At the boardwalk. I remember that day because you called me stupid because I pushed you. Then I bought you ice cream because you wouldn't accept my apology." he remembers, chuckling a little.

~~~

Chocolates and Cream, Toronto's Harbourfront~July {6 years ago}



Chocolates and Cream, Toronto's Harbourfront~July {6 years ago} "You're stupid Jameson Bryer and I hate you." I yell to the small boy as I pull myself out of the water.

"You're stupid Jameson Bryer and I hate you." I yell to the small boy as I pull myself out of the water. He's a stupid idiot. I can't believe him! He pushed me into the lake! Who does that? I think I have water lodged in my ear now!

He's a stupid idiot. I can't believe him! He pushed me into the lake! Who does that? I think I have water lodged in my ear now! "Sorry! It was a joke! Calm down." he tells me, snickering.

"Sorry! It was a joke! Calm down." he tells me, snickering. "I. Am. Going. To. Get. You." I say angrily as I start running towards him.

"I. Am. Going. To. Get. You." I say angrily as I start running towards him. He sprints away and I chase after him. I run through the adults and chase him on the boardwalk. I keep on his trail. He's a fast runner. Ugh. Finally, he stops and puts his hands up in defeat.

He sprints away and I chase after him. I run through the adults and chase him on the boardwalk. I keep on his trail. He's a fast runner. Ugh. Finally, he stops and puts his hands up in defeat. "Sorry! Oh my God! How 'bout I get you ice cream?" he suggests.

"Sorry! Oh my God! How 'bout I get you ice cream?" he suggests. I tilt my head and think about it for five seconds. "Sure."

I tilt my head and think about it for five seconds. "Sure." We enter Chocolates and Cream. I order my favourite ice cream combo and he looks at me in shock from ordering all of that ice cream. He orders the plain vanilla flavour and we sit at the table eating our ice creams.

We enter Chocolates and Cream. I order my favourite ice cream combo and he looks at me in shock from ordering all of that ice cream. He orders the plain vanilla flavour and we sit at the table eating our ice creams. "What did you order again?" James asks.

"What did you order again?" James asks. "One scoop of chocolate chip cookie dough on the bottom. One scoop of cookies and cream on the top. Everything topped with crushed m&m's and sprinkles, all put together in a waffle cone." I tell him, smiling pleasantly at my dessert.

"One scoop of chocolate chip cookie dough on the bottom. One scoop of cookies and cream on the top. Everything topped with crushed m&m's and sprinkles, all put together in a waffle cone." I tell him, smiling pleasantly at my dessert. "Now I know what to always get you."

"Now I know what to always get you." "Yeah right. You'll forget in millisecond."

"Yeah right. You'll forget in millisecond." ~~~

"You actually remembered." I nod at him.

"I have a great memory." he states arrogantly.

"Apparently not with school." I reply, crushing his self boasting.

"Oh shut up." he says, and we laugh.

Who would've thought that my mortal enemy would be the one to remember a strangely complicated ice cream combo?

Bleh.

Bleh. Bleh. Hello hello! I literally felt so bad for Lara while writing this because I know it feels terrible when your friends seem to be putting you after their boy-fries! But this is a book about third wheeling so... This is one of our many stuggles! Note to people in a relationship: STAAWWWP MAKING US FEEL SAAAAAD! Just kidding...not really. XD

Hello hello! I literally felt so bad for Lara while writing this because I know it feels terrible when your friends seem to be putting you after their boy-fries! But this is a book about third wheeling so... This is one of our many stuggles! Note to people in a relationship: STAAWWWP MAKING US FEEL SAAAAAD! Just kidding...not really. XD Hello hello! I literally felt so bad for Lara while writing this because I know it feels terrible when your friends seem to be putting you after their boy-fries! But this is a book about third wheeling so... This is one of our many stuggles! Note to people in a relationship: STAAWWWP MAKING US FEEL SAAAAAD! Just kidding...not really. XD To my Jara fam, how did you guys like this chapter? Cute? Or nah?

To my Jara fam, how did you guys like this chapter? Cute? Or nah? To my Jara fam, how did you guys like this chapter? Cute? Or nah? Anyways, I apologize for always having author's notes with a gazillion words. But I like talking to you guys so...too bad! Pretty please leave some votes and comments (they help alot) if you enjoyed this chapter! Please tell me what you think about this book!

Anyways, I apologize for always having author's notes with a gazillion words. But I like talking to you guys so...too bad! Pretty please leave some votes and comments (they help alot) if you enjoyed this chapter! Anyways, I apologize for always having author's notes with a gazillion words. But I like talking to you guys so...too bad! Pretty please leave some votes and comments (they help alot) if you enjoyed this chapter! Please tell me what you think about this book! Please tell me what you think about this book! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Eighteen: Love a Dog Instead


"Down! Milani down!" I hear my mom yell with the sound of barking in the background.

I enter my house to see a tiny toy poodle running my way and jumping up at my leg. By toy poodle, I mean the breed. Not a toy poodle.

toy Before we ask why the heck there is a puppy in my home, let's backtrack.

The others came to us soon after we ate our ice creams. They actually enjoyed that sense killing movie. I don't know how or why they did, but I calculated that it must be because of those stupid love chemicals reacting within their bodies when they watched it with their significant other.

enjoyed with It is now approximately half past 6 and I made it just in time. I have a strict curfew when I go out (although I rarely do). I must be home by 7p.m. and no later. Meaning, no going to crazy parties. Ever. Unfortunately, my parents are not those chill parents who encourage socializing and hanging out with friends. I actually have to beg my parents to go out, contrary to other kids who can do whatever they like.

I go down and pick up the puppy who I assume is "Milani". She starts licking my cheek and I laugh.

"Mom, did you finally agree to getting me a puppy?" I ask in disbelief. I've wanted a puppy since...forever. But my parents didn't want a dog shedding fur all over the house. So I asked for a turtle. But they didn't want a turtle either and they freaked out when I asked for a snake.

So now I have a fish. Just one small fish.

My mom puts a hand on her hip and glares at me. Her other hand is holding a broom. Yup, she's been "stress cleaning". She looks so tired and her hair is a mess. "No. And I still don't understand why this nightmare," she says pointing at Milani, "is here."

"Then who does she belong to?" I wonder out loud.

"Remember Tita Lily?"

No, not really. To be fair, they've introduced the whole Filipino race to me as some sort of my relative. We could walk into Wal-Mart and my parents would point at some random guy and be like, "Oh yeah, he's your long lost third cousin." Next thing you know, a random stranger is going to go up to me and make like Darth Vader saying stuff like, "I am your father."

"Not really, no." I respond simply.

"Anyways, she's going on a business trip to Mexico for a month and she can't bring Milani." she explains.

"Then why did you agree to take care of her? I mean, you don't have the best feelings towards dogs, mom." I tell her. My mom is not an animal person. Not at all.

"I didn't." my mom grumbles.

"Then who-" I start but someone interrupts me.

"Hola ate!" Illa greets cheerfully as she runs down the stairs. "I see you've met my baby." she says as she takes Milani from my arms.

My mom gives Illa the death glare before turning to me. "Ara, I'm sure you can put the pieces together. It was not I who agreed to house this disaster but your sister who is as much of a problem as this thing."

Illa rolls her eyes. "Mom! I already apologized! Besides, dad knew that Milani was coming." Illa realizes what she just said and her eyes widen.

"Dad? He knew?" Mom questions.

My poor father has been thrown under the bus. R.I.P. dad.

"BRIAN!!!" my mom shouts so loud that I swear that the house shakes a little.

Let us have a moment of silence for my father's soul.

My mom rushes up the stairs (still holding her broom) and we hear reprimands and apologies being screamed. Illa and I brace ourselves for my mom's rampage. Not surprisingly, my dad runs down the stairs with my mom running after him and hitting him with a broom.



"Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow." he repeats scurrying away from my scary mother.

"Afksnzkxdn!" my mom screams at him, although not using actual existing words. If you are wondering, she's still hitting him with the trusted broom.

My dad runs past us and yells, "Mga anak ko, kung kailangan nyo ako, I'll be meeting a lawyer to file a divorce!" (My children, if you need me, I'll be meeting a lawyer to file a divorce!)

Illa and I shake out heads and laugh. This is the second time this month he said that and instead he went to KFC.

He runs out the door, "Don't worry, I'll fight for custody!"

My mom runs out too, "Make sure to bring home a 20 piece bucket of fried chicken!"

We all know that he's going to come home with chicken. Besides, we all know that my mom doesn't cook for the world and if my dad's gone, we'll probably all die from starvation.

Illa places Milani on the ground and the puppy goes running away, seeming very hyper.

"I think Milani needs to go for a walk." I tell Illa.

"Yeah, I think she does." she agrees.

"You better go take her, I'm going upstairs to get started on my homework." I say, about to go up but she pulls me back.

"Ate, could you puh-leazeeee walk Milani?" she begs, giving me puppy eyes.

puh-leazeeee "Uh...no. You're the one who agreed to take care of her so you're going to be responsible and do your job." I state.

"Pleeeeease? I have something super important to do!" she pleads.

"Really? What?" I ask in a bored tone. What could a 13 year old possibly be doing that she can't spare a mere 20 minutes to walk the dog.

A dorky grin appears on her face and she struggles to make it go away. But her sparkling eyes give it all away. Dorky grin? Sparkling eyes? I know the drill. In fact, I've seen it 3 freaking times this week! If she has a cru-

"You remember Kaden Lee right?"

Aaaaand we're dead. I am living under the same roof with a love-struck zombie. R.I.P. me. Why the heck does everyone have a love life? And why does their heart-feelings-things have to affect me to? Leave me out of it universe! I want nothing to do with these annoying chemicals that these people can't seem to control!

"No, no, no, no, this is not happening." I repeat, mostly in attempt to keep my sanity.

"Ate, I'm not doing anything bad. We just planned a study date in the library since we have a french test coming up next week." she explains, still sporting a lovey look on her face.

"Mmm hmm." I snort and glare at her. " Study ." I do air quotations and roll my eyes. "And tell me, why is my 13 year old sister going on a date?"

Study When I was 13, I could barely talk to guys, let alone go on dates! I believed that guys had an incurable infection called "cooties". Wait...that's still me now.

"It's a study session. Barely even a date!" she exclaims.

"Study date. " I correct, putting an emphasis on the date part.

date. She sighs in exhaustion before smirking and wiggling her eyebrows, "Why are you being so mean to me when you have a date every day? "

date every day? My brows furrow in confusion. "What? I've never gone on a date. Ever. You should know since you said that I was going to die alone the other day."

"Well you study with Kuya James every day," she tells me, stiffling a laugh. "Isn't that a date ?" she challenges.

James a date She must be screaming checkmate in her mind right now.



"N-n-no! That's a completely different thing! Stop trying to turn the tables on me!" I defend myself.

"Tell me dear sister, how is that any different?" she muses.

"I don't like James at all, but you are in love with that Kaden guy." I state.

"Really? Ate are you su-" she starts but I interrupt her.

"Okay! Just go on your date! I'll walk the dog!" I give up. She smiles victoriously and goes upstairs to get ready. Ugh. 8 year olds with phones and 13 year olds dating? What is wrong with life? I better get some popcorn for when my dad comes home and finds out about this. Mwah-ha-ha-ha-ha.

I call for Milani and she comes running to me. I get the leash and get her ready for her walk. We go outside and this time, I actually bring a sweater.

"Y'know Milani, I never thought that my friends would be head over heels for a bunch of guys." I start talking.

She barks at me.

"Yeah. I mean, Jasmine never had a crush on anyone. Well, she didn't tell us anything. When we were 7, we wanted to invent a chemical formula that would act as boy repellent." I laugh, remembering the memory.

She barks again and starts walking a little faster.

"And Kiera? It was funny seeing all the guys that she rejected. Well, not for them. After she became a cheerleader at school, everyone was attracted to her like a magnet. But she literally shunned them all! I literally remember that one kid that she threw a pizza at because he over did the flirting." I laugh again.

Milani just looks up at me like she actually understands.

"Carol wasn't a stranger to guys. But she always picked the best guys. They were kind and respectful. To be fair, she does only have 2 Ex's. Plus, they're still super nice. She did date that one jerk...but he doesn't deserve to be called an ex. He deserves to be called a-well I don't swear so I'm not going to say it."

As if on cue, she barks once more before I start blabbering on again.

"And me? Well, it's kind of hard being in between those love sick girls. I guess I just have to suck it up since they're my best friends." I sigh.

Someone interrupts my conversation. Yes, I do consider that a conversation even though I was talking to a dog. Stop judging! Dogs make much better companions than humans.

"Talking to dogs now, are we? What? Ran out of people to talk to? Or did they all run away from you?" someone sneers from behind me.

I turn to look at the guy and he greets me with a playful smirk. What is he doing, criticizing me when he's walking a dog too? A golden retriever is on a leash and Milani sniffs him curiously. The golden retriever isn't a full grown one though, just a puppy. Him, again? Why world why?

I grit my teeth as I try to force a smile. "I'd much rather talk to my puppy than to someone like you, thank you very much." I really did not need to see him again this week. Or ever.

"Ah! Well then, now that I've ruined my first impression, could I get re-do?" he asks, smiling genuinely.

I roll my eyes. " Xander , a first impression is when you meet someone for the first time. Unfortunately, I've met you too many regrettable times before."

Xander first "Hilarious, Lauren-" he stares at me.

"It's Lara." I correct. It's hilarious how one can forget a name when they're not trying to get homework answers.

"Right. So, you're not planning to help me out with french anytime soon, huh?" he gives me a sad, crooked smile.

"No, not at all. I prefer wasting my time with other activities." I tell him.

"Okay then. 1 question though. Would you consider me your friend?" he asks. That's a bit strange. Who the heck just asks that?

"Um, considering you just called me Lauren, I'd have to say no."

He smirks again. I do not know why, but he does. "Sooner or later, you're going to like me. I'll make sure of it. It is now my new mission to win you over and be your friend." he announces. Wow. Desperate.

I narrow my eyes at him in confusion. "Why?" is all I ask.

"Because you don't like me and everyone else does." he brags confidently. Oh. So he's one of those people. The ones who can't take it if a single person doesn't adore them.

"Xander, a lot of people don't like you. I'm just the only honest one. Sorry if I can't lie." I burst his bubble of confidence and start walking away. I look down at Milani and she won't budge. She's too busy with Xander's golden retriever. I tug her leash and we walk away from him.

He runs after me. "Layla!"

"It's LARA!" I yell back at him.

He pulls my arm back. Why does everyone do that? "Why don't you like me? Give me one good reason."

"Player. Jerk. Homework copier." I count on three fingers.

"Homework copier?" he raises an eyebrow.

I nod. "Yes." Oh my gosh! If I don't like you, I don't freaking like you! I'm so sorry if not everyone can like you! Get over it! "Now good bye."

"Fine. But trust me, I'll be your best friend by the end of the semester." he says, smiling at the challenge. I don't need any more friends!

I don't respond but I am getting slightly-super annoyed by his persistence. I blink, only for a moment, when I hear a scream of terror.

"MY SHOES!" Xander screams, and I look down to see Milani doing her business on his expensive shoes.

Huh. Looks like I wasn't the only one getting annoyed.

Shaloha!

Shaloha! Shaloha! What do you guys think is going to happen with Xander and Lara? Are we going to have a Xara? Do you think he's actually going to become friends with her? Or nah? I am so stressed out with Exams coming up and huge projects so wish me luck! Especially with english...and everything else. Lol. If you liked this chapter or you love the book, please vote and comment! I love seeing who's reading this!

What do you guys think is going to happen with Xander and Lara? Are we going to have a Xara? Do you think he's actually going to become friends with her? Or nah? I am so stressed out with Exams coming up and huge projects so wish me luck! Especially with english...and everything else. Lol. If you liked this chapter or you love the book, please vote and comment! I love seeing who's reading this! What do you guys think is going to happen with Xander and Lara? Are we going to have a Xara? Do you think he's actually going to become friends with her? Or nah? I am so stressed out with Exams coming up and huge projects so wish me luck! Especially with english...and everything else. Lol. If you liked this chapter or you love the book, please vote and comment! I love seeing who's reading this! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Same.

Same. Same.





Tip Nineteen: Be a Relationship Counsellor


I wake up to the rays of sunlight peering through my blinds. Ah, Saturday. Finally you have arrived. Although only the first week of school has passed, I feel exhausted. I honestly feel like I've been doing hard labour for the whole week. I get up from my bed when I realize something. Where are the twins...and why did I have the pleasure of sleeping until 8:30 this morning without the annoying sound of an airhorn or a megaphone?

I get up from my bed, yawning and rubbing my eyes. I wipe the drool off my cheek and hastily put my glasses on. I go towards my dresser and look up.

"Ahhhh!" I scream. Wait, nevermind, that was just my reflection. I'm sure you can picture how scary I look in the mornings with my hair the size of Africa and my eye bags as dark as my soul. Just kidding! My soul's still okay.

I lazily make my way to the bathroom, brush my teeth and do all that boring stuff before heading downstairs. I walk into the kitchen to see my Lola talking to someone. My Lola and another elderly woman turn to face me. James' grandma?

"Lola Edna?" I say, surprised. Lola Nora and Lola Edna are super great friends considering they've known each other since my mom and Tita Gia became friends.

"Lara! Hi! Bumibisita lang ako kay Nora." she tells me. (Lara! Hi! I'm just visiting Nora.)

"Ara, kumain ka muna ng almusal!" Lola Nora gestures for me to join them. (Ara, eat breakfast first!)

"May dala akong pandesal." Lola Edna says, while holding out a plate filled with fresh pandesal, which is a filipino bread. (I brought pandesal.)

I grab one and start eating. "Lola Nora, nasaan ho sina Brook, Bree, at Illa?" I ask, talking with my mouth full. (Lola Nora, where are Brook, Bree and Illa?)

"Ah, sina Brook at Bree...uh...oh pumunta sila sa gym." (Brook and Bree...uh...oh they went to the gym.)

"Ah, okay. Si Illa? Saan sya pumunta?" (Ah, okay. And Illa? Where did she go?)

"Parang may sinabi sya na may lakad daw? Hindi ko na maalala. May sinabi sya na Kevin Lang ba yon?" she tells me, taking another sip of her tea. (I think she told me that she has somewhere to go to? I can't remember. She said something like, was it Kevin Lang?)

"Oh. Kaden Lee po. Boyfriend ni Illa." (Oh. Kaden Lee. Illa's boyfriend.)

My grandmother spits out her herbal tea. Not that I blame her though. She stares at me wide-eyed before stuttering, "B-b-boy-boyfriend?"

I let out a laugh which sounds like a crossover between a donkey and a dying cat. I throw my hands up, ready to defend myself for my lie. "Just kidding po! Friend lang, friends lang sila!" (Just kidding! Just friends, they're just friends!)

"Ikaw na bata ka! Ay nako! Gusto mo ba ma heart attack ako?" she yells jokingly while holding a hand to her heart. James' grandma places her coffee on the table and laughs along with us. (You child! Oh my gosh! Do you want me to get a heart attack?)

"Ang bata bata pa ni Illa para magkaroon nang boyfriend. Ikaw naman," she points at me, "mag hunting ka na! Parang hindi ka na magkakaroon ng asawa sa lagay nito!" (Illa's too young to have a boyfriend. You on the other hand, start hunting! It's like you're never going to get a husband at this pace!)

I chuckle. "Asawa? Agad, agad? Lola, 16 lang ho ako. Aral muna, tapos trabaho. Atsaka, magiging mayaman po muna ako bago mag asawa." (Husband? So quickly? Lola, I'm only 16. Study first, then work. Also, I'm going to become rich first before I get married.)

She nods, "Ay! Ang talino ng apo ko. Pero ang boring naman ng plano mo. Hindi pwedeng iplano ang lahat! Mag enjoy ka naman! Kung pwede lang, switch na tayo! Kase para kang matanda na nasa luob ng katawan ng bata. At ako naman, super "lit"!" (Ay! My grandchild is so smart. But your plan is so boring. You can't plan everything! Just enjoy! If it were only possible, let's switch! Because you're like an old person in the body of a child. And I on the other hand, super "lit"!)



Lit? Okay, how is it that the only english words she knows are youth slang terms?

I stare at her, dumbfounded by her speech. So she wants me to go out and rebel against my parents? She actually wants me to get my butt beaten by mother, who is the complete opposite of her? Sometimes I don't believe that she raised my mom.

wants my mom. "Okay, okay. Kung kailangan nyo po ako, hanapin nyo lang ako sa room ko." I say, backing up. (Okay, okay. If you need me, just look for me in my room.)

"Room? Nanaman? Lagi kang nasa kuarto!" she puts her hands up and sighs in frustration. (Room? Again? You're always in your room!)

"Sabi po ni mami na hindi pwedeng laging gala ang inaatupag." I put a hand on my hip and use my mother as an excuse to stay home. (Mami said that you can't always be going out.)

"Pwede ko naman sabihin na may ipinagawa ako sa yo." she suggests while wiggling her eyebrows. (I could say that I asked you to do something.)

I put my hands up, "Hwag na po. Okay lang ho ako." (It's fine. I'm okay.)

She shrugs and I run back upstairs, leaving my grandma and James' grandma to do their dose of daily gossip about some far relative or their favorite telenovela's.

As I enter my room, I grab my laptop and pull up my absolutely, positively, favourite Korean Drama. Yes. Korean Dramas are life! I choose to rewatch my favorite one, Boys Over Flowers. Yeah, I know this story didn't originate from Korea but I've always loved this version.

And I mean...

Lee Min Ho. Obviously.

I start watching and I immediately find myself laughing my butt off and almost falling off of my bed several times. Not to mention, I almost hurled my laptop to the wall but realized that I am too broke to buy another one.

"Gu Junpyo!" I scream at the screen, clutching my chest and wheezing uncontrollably. Super dramatic scene. I love it! Thank God that I am alone or else someone might mistake me for having a heart attack.

2 hours later.

2 hours later. Update: I don't know what episode I am on, but I am too afraid to look.

Blame it on autoplay! That stupid thing got all the episodes playing after one another and I am too weak to pull myself from the screen! This. Is. The. Power. Of. Korean. Dramas.

They also gave me super unrealistic expectations of boys, but that's besides the point.

Whoosh!

A sudden force blows my bedroom door open and I scramble to find a weapon on my side table. I knew it was coming. The apocalypse is finally here but luckily I am prepared with a machine gun loaded with bullets.

I look up to see a zombie, a horrid creature, really. His eyes are puffy and it looks like he hasn't taken a shower in days. Filthy, gross, and- shizballs! He's approaching!

"Stay away from me you filthy corpse!" I shout, pointing my gun at him as I shift back.

"Um...Lara? Why are you pointing a nerf gun at me?" he says in Mark-like voice.

Oh yeah, I'm holding a nerf gun.

I get up and hug the boy. "Oh thank God! I thought you were a zombie, Mark. Good thing you're just looking filthy, sad, and gross. That's great! The zombies will think you're of their kind!"

He pulls away from my embrace. "Uh...I thought you were done with the apocalypse phase? And by the way, the apocalypse is not here."

not "Nope and good." I reply. "Wait a minute...how did you get here?" I question.



He is about to answer when I notice that his lip starts quivering. His eyes are pink and puffy. His nose looks red. Was he crying?

I put a hand on his shoulder and look him in the eye. "Mark? Tell me, were you crying?"

He looks away, shifting from my gaze, then looks back down to me and gives me a small smile. "Would you make fun of me if I said yes?" he mumbles softly.

"Probab-I mean, no. No." I start. Again, I am not good at making people feel better. I place my other hand on his other shoulder. "Are you okay? What am I saying? Obviously you are not okay."

He just shakes his head in response. A single tear trickles down his cheek and he doesn't say a word. I haven't seen him like this since...his sister moved away last summer for work. She was like a piece of him, they had the best brother-sister relationship.

"Mark, talk to me. Please. Tell me what's happening." I plead, begging him to pass whatever burden he has on his shoulders to me. He was my second friend, and he'll always be one of my best. I can't take seeing him like this.

He walks over to my bed and sits down. He props his elbows on his knees and buries his face in his hands, his crying turning into full out sobs.

I grab a tissue box from my nightstand and place it beside him. "When you're ready to talk, I'm ready to listen." I tell him, giving his shoulders a squeeze before heading down to fetch him some food and water.

When I get back, Mark is sitting at my desk and fidgeting with a pen. At least he's done sobbing. I go up to him and hand him a glass of water and place a plate of crackers on the desk in front of him. He takes a sip as I climb on my bed and sit crossed legged.

"I saw her. She was with another guy." Mark blurts out, bluntly. Okay, time to be a good third wheel and be a relationship counsellor.

He was never one to get jealous. He was so compassionate and understanding. The Mark I know would never act like this because he saw his girl talking to another guy.

"Oh." is the only thing that comes out of my mouth. "She was just talking to another guy?"

He turns around in the spinning chair. "Carol's cheating on me Lara. She was kissing another guy." he tells me, with so much calamity that I feel almost afraid.

"C-Carol? As in my best friend, Carol?" I stutter in disbelief. She could never do that. She's not that type of person.

He only nods. After a few minutes, I gather the courage to speak again. "You and I both know that she wouldn't be able to do this to you. This is Carol! She's head over heels in love with you and has been for the past 2 years!" I exclaim in shock.

He looks up. "2 years?"

Now it's my turn to nod. As far as he knows, they've liked each other for about 5 months or so. He doesn't know that Carol's had a massive crush on him since the 9th grade when they suffered through geography class together.

"Clearly she's not anymore." he says coldly.

"Mark listen," I plead, "there must be some reasonable explanation for this. She's not that type of person. Please believe me!"

"But I saw her Lara! I saw her with my own two eyes and I heard my heart break at that very moment!" he shouts, tears streaming down his face yet again.

"Mark-" I start, but he interrupts.

"Not today. Please." he whispers weakly. "I-I just need to eat some pizza and watch Star Wars with my best friend." he pouts.

I can't help but laugh, and he starts laughing a little too through the tears. "So do you know where I can find James?"

"Wow Mark, I feel incredibly hurt right now."



"Just kidding."

***

Mark left after a few movies. We ended up watching 1 Star Wars film then we just continued on with a bunch of chick flicks that he suggested we watch. Yes, Mark loves chick flicks. Thankfully, he didn't cry all day. He only cried during various scenes of "A Walk To Remember" and "Titanic". On the bad side, he wouldn't speak further regarding the incident nor would he let me speak of it.

I just finished eating my dinner and I am reading a book in my room. Suddenly, my phone beeps and I unlock it to see a text message.

Carol: Come over right now. S.O.S.

Carol: Come over right now. S.O.S. I almost jump off of my bed and sprint downstairs. S.O.S. is only used for the worst of the worst, meaning that she is in a life or death situation where she needs my presence. Right. Now. I run to the front door and open it, ready to bolt to her house. I need to go right n-

"Where are you going?" my mom calls out. Damn it. Forgot about that obstacle.

"Just Carol's house, mom." I reply but she doesn't let me off the hook so easily.

"Bakit? What are you going to do there?" she interrogates me as if I'm going to be a part of a secret drug trade at her house. (Why? What are you going to do there?) She's been watching too much Ang Probinsyano (which is a filipino drama with corrupt cops, drugs, and other crime).

Ang Probinsyano "I'm just going to help her with homework."

"You only have gym class together." my mom points out. Ugh! Why mother, why can't you be like other kids' parents who just trust their children!

Time for my last resource.

"Jasmine's gonna be there." I blurt out, crossing my fingers and hoping that this will work again.

"Okay, you can go." my mom declares, and I run out the door before my stupid conscience can spill my whole life story to my mother. Time to text Jasmine.

Me: If my mom calls you, say you're at Carol's.

Me: If my mom calls you, say you're at Carol's. Jasmine: What?!?!

Jasmine: What?!?! I walk up to Carol's front door and ring the doorbell. It opens and I look down to see her little brother smiling mischievously at me.

"Jack can I see Car-"

He slams the door in my face. Have I told you that her brothers don't like visitors? Well they don't.

The door opens once again and this time it's Carol. A puffy eyed, zombie looking Carol. She grabs my arm and pulls me inside, shutting the front door quickly as we run up to her room. She closes the door behind us and I sit on her beanbag chair.

"You okay dude? What's up?" I ask, worry seeping into my expression.

She runs a finger through her dark brown hair and breathes deeply. She starts speaking, her voice shaky like she's on the verge of crying. "I-I-I need to tell you something."

"Shoot." I respond.

"You remember Ryder, right?" she asks me. Well shizballs. I do remember him. And I still want to punch him in the gut every time I see him.

"Obnoxious, ex-boyfriend Ryder?"

"Yeah." she mumbles, as if his name was a toxin. But it is.

My tongue immediately ties itself into one of those impossible knots that you learn how to tie at summer camp. All I can think about is Mark and what he told me earlier. It can't be true though, can it? She couldn't have cheated on him. No way in hell.

"What about that guy?" I question, hoping to receive some sort of explanation that will calm down my panicking brain right now.

"We kissed."

If there's one word I can use to describe this dilema, it's fishballs .

fishballs Exams...in 3 days...can't breath...hyperventilating...

Exams...in 3 days...can't breath...hyperventilating... Exams...in 3 days...can't breath...hyperventilating... Hey guys!

Hey guys! Hey guys! I am so freaking stressed for exams as you can tell. But how was your week? What's going on between Carol and Mark? Are they going to break up? Is the author finally going to flip out at school and throw a desk due to exam depression? Maybe. I don't know. You know the drill, vote and comment if you liked this chapter! It is much appreciated.

I am so freaking stressed for exams as you can tell. But how was your week? What's going on between Carol and Mark? Are they going to break up? Is the author finally going to flip out at school and throw a desk due to exam depression? Maybe. I don't know. You know the drill, vote and comment if you liked this chapter! It is much appreciated. I am so freaking stressed for exams as you can tell. But how was your week? What's going on between Carol and Mark? Are they going to break up? Is the author finally going to flip out at school and throw a desk due to exam depression? Maybe. I don't know. You know the drill, vote and comment if you liked this chapter! It is much appreciated. -Summer

-Summer -Summer P.S. sorry for all my terrible attempts at Tagalog if I made a mistake. And damn, trying to translate them to english was even harder! And to those of you that don't get why I put these parts in, I'll tell you why. Lara's parents are immigrants so it's only natural for her to speak the language to her family, especially her grandmother. I'm not going to apologize for not making my character with a basic english speaking family like most books. A lot of people I know, including myself, are immigrants or have parents who are immigrants. So, I find this to be more relatable. Sorry for the long author's note!

P.S. sorry for all my terrible attempts at Tagalog if I made a mistake. And damn, trying to translate them to english was even harder! And to those of you that don't get why I put these parts in, I'll tell you why. Lara's parents are immigrants so it's only natural for her to speak the language to her family, especially her grandmother. I'm not going to apologize for not making my character with a basic english speaking family like most books. A lot of people I know, including myself, are immigrants or have parents who are immigrants. So, I find this to be more relatable. Sorry for the long author's note! P.S. sorry for all my terrible attempts at Tagalog if I made a mistake. And damn, trying to translate them to english was even harder! And to those of you that don't get why I put these parts in, I'll tell you why. Lara's parents are immigrants so it's only natural for her to speak the language to her family, especially her grandmother. I'm not going to apologize for not making my character with a basic english speaking family like most books. A lot of people I know, including myself, are immigrants or have parents who are immigrants. So, I find this to be more relatable. Sorry for the long author's note! QOTD: What country are you from? Or your background?

QOTD: What country are you from? Or your background? QOTD: What country are you from? Or your background?





Tip Twenty: Keep the Couple Together


"You. Ryder. Lips. Touching." I say slowly like a robot. Also like a robot, the computer thing called a brain inside me is trying to interpret the situation. Me no comprehend.

Mark was right. What he saw wasn't just an illusion. She did kiss him. Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my fish. I mean, gosh. On a positive note, at least we know that Mark isn't taking any mind altering drugs. *Thumbs up* Yeah...I'm not making this better.

"Yes Lara. We kissed. But before you beat me up-" she starts but I interrupt her.

"MARK I WILL AVENGE YOU!" I shout before grabbing one of Carol's pillows and smacking her with it. Multiple times.

"Woman! Let me explain!" she exclaims in the midst of my attack.

"You have 30 seconds before I unleash full attack mode and upgrade my weapons to two pillows. " I threaten, dropping the pillow onto the floor and glaring at her. And here I thought that the guys would be the ones that I'd be attacking.

two pillows. "We 'kissed', but I didn't kiss him back I swear! He's the one who kissed me and I pushed him away! You've got to believe me!" she explains, gripping my shoulders. There is so much intensity in her eyes, enough that I can tell that she's telling the truth. What a relief.

But...I feel like Mark deserves this monologue, not me. I mean, in all of my favourite books, the partner is the one begging the other partner to understand. Not begging the best friend to.

This is just concrete proof that third wheels are the glue in a relationship. Without me-I mean third wheels, a relationship would not be complete. I have as much of a part in this relationship as the two idiots-I mean friends!

Subconscious: Haha! Sure you do...

Me: Shut up! Stupid subconscious...

I look at Carol and smile. Thank God this was only a misunderstanding. I knew that my bestie could never cheat on Mark! I never doubted her for a second.

Subconscious: You literally just attacked her-

Me: I said shut up!

I pretend to wipe a bead of sweat off of my forehead and let out a satisfying breath, "I believe you. I'm so glad that I'm not best friends with a cheater. When did it happen?"

"Today. This morning. I went for a jog and ran into him. Let's just say it didn't go too well." she explains, cringing. "He wanted to get back together with me. I told him I was with Mark but he went in and kissed me."

"I'm going to kill that ex-cheater of yours." I close my eyes and breathe to relieve my anger. It didn't happen to me, but it happened to my friend. I already talked to him after he cheated on her. I am so going to push him 6 feet under.

Her and Ryder dated for about a year during freshman year. I really did not like him since the beginning. He was like the definition of "badboy". Not those badboys in books who secretly have a soft spot. No, he was just bad . He did illegal things, got arrested several times and broke hearts.

bad One those hearts was hers.

And to think, all the "Ryder"s I've read about were swoon-worthy. Tsk. Tsk. This Ryder was super rude and super...ugh. He still is. He already got suspended and it's literally the first week of school!

She smiles at me. "Good thing you believe me. I just don't know how I'm going to tell Mark about this. It's not like I can just keep this from him. I have to tell him, but how?"

I bite my bottom lip, "Well, the good news is you don't have to break the news to him." I laugh nervously.

She looks at me in confusion. "What do you mean?"



"Well he already knows."

She turns pale. Literally all the colour on her face vanishes and she looks like an imitation of Casper the ghost. She stands there in shock and I wait a few minutes for the realization to sink in.

"WHAT?" she bellows. Yup, the realization has sunk in.

"Yeah he-"

"HOW DOES HE KNOW ABOUT IT? YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE I TOLD!" she screams, her breathing becoming rapid. She starts to wheeze and it looks like she might pass out. Yikes.

If I tell her that Mark saw her, she might faint. Eh, I'll take the risk. Let me just get my phone ready in case.

"H-h-he saw you?" I say, but it comes out more like a question. Breaking all known facts of human biology, this girl actually gets paler. So much, to the point where she could pass of as the colour of tissue. Which is concerning because she has brown skin.

"Carol...um you're really pale." I state, poking her cheek.

"What am I going to do?" she sighs, throwing her arms up in the air in despair.

"I don't know, maybe call him?" I suggest while figgeting with the hem of my shirt and taking a seat on her bed.

"Okay." she answers, taking out her cellphone. She holds it up to her ear and paces around the room. I really don't know how to describe her face. Maybe a mixture of anxiety and worry. But who wouldn't feel that way in a situation like this?

He picks up the phone and Carol starts talking. "Hello? Mark? I need to tell you something."

I can't hear what he's saying but I can infer that it's about the kiss.

"No, it's not like that! Just let me explain! Mark!" she pleads before the sad sound of the beep as he hangs up on her.

Yikes. That didn't go too well.

Carol frustratingly throws her cellphone onto her bed, almost hitting me in the head by the way. She groans and falls onto the mattress. She lies beside me and covers her eyes, but I can hear her sobs.

Oh goodness, I have heard too much crying for one day.

"W-w-what am I going t-to do? H-he won't even t-t-talk to me!" she mumbles between sobs.

Instead of answering, I pick up my phone and dial Mark's number. Like usual, he picks up. "Hello?"

"Hey Mark! How are you holding up?" I ask.

"I'm fine." he says simply, but his voice is hoarse and tired. I mean, that's kind of what happens when you cry your freaking lungs out for hours.

"Listen Mark, Carol didn't cheat on you." I tell him.

"How would you know?" he says harshly. He's never talked to me in this way. Ever. I've never heard him so angry or tired or I don't even know anymore. Realizing how he sounded he apologizes. "Sorry."

"She didn't kiss him back."

"I don't want to talk about her." he tells me again, in the same tone as the last time he uttered the phrase.

I give it one last shot. "It's not her fault! She loves-"

Beep.

Beep. And the line goes dead yet again.

" You ." I finish, but nobody is left to hear it.

You ***

I had to leave Carol after a while. I couldn't stay over because I'm not allowed to sleep over places unless my mom gets at least a week's notice and she confirms it with my friends' parents.



Don't get confused, I am 16. Going on 17 actually next January. Strict parents. Woo hoo.

am I lay in bed trying to figure out a plan for my friends. I tried calling Mark several times after he hung up, but he won't answer me anymore, let alone Carol. I tried talking to her as well, but it was about as helpful as talking to a baby. I think she just cried until she fell asleep.

My cellphone rings and I look at the screen to see a very, how do I describe this, strange caller ID.

strange Most amazingly handsome and super hot model who is bae (+heart emojis and other various emojis that I do not wish to describe.)

Most amazingly handsome and super hot model who is bae (+heart emojis and other various emojis that I do not wish to describe.) I roll my eyes, do a facepalm and open the window to jump out. Well, minus the last part.

"Hello?" I answer, although I'm 100% pretty sure that I know only 1 overly confident guy who has my phone number. Unfortunately, I know a lot of overly confident people but luckily they don't have my contact number.

"Hi." he answers plainly. Huh, I was expecting more of a different response from him.

"Who's this?" I ask as if I don't already know.

"Oh it's your favourite person in the whole entire world, of course!" he boasts. I can almost feel him smirking right now at the other end of the line.

"No way! Shawn Mendes?" Oh Shawn Mendes. So beautiful.

I've been shaking, I love it when you go crazy, you take all my inhibitions. Baby there's nothing holding me back! The song plays in my head.

I've been shaking, I love it when you go crazy, you take all my inhibitions. Baby there's nothing holding me back! "No it's your amazingly handsome and super hot model who is bae." he states. Woah. He actually remembered that.

" So ...still Shawn Mendes." I reply. Shawn Mendes is an amazingly handsome super hot model who is bae and an awesome singer. I mean he isn't a formal "model" but he sure looks beautiful.

So is and " Oh without your kisses I'll be needing stitches! " I sing out loud this time.

Oh without your kisses I'll be needing stitches! "Seriously?"

" I know I can treat you better than he can and any girl like you deserves a- "

I know I can treat you better than he can and any girl like you deserves a- "Gentleman! Okay! Ugh this is never going to end, is it?" he sighs, chuckling. "Anyways, I need to tell you something."

"What do you need, my mortal enemy?" I pose.

"Help." he states.

"Yeah I know but James I'm an A student, not a therapist." I shoot back.

"Ha ha ha very funny," he says sarcastically. He continues, "Anyways, do you know what happened to Mark? Your best friend broke his heart!" he almost yells.

"I know but he didn't get the full picture. Carol didn't kiss him, he kissed her. Mark didn't see the part where she pushed him off." I tell the story to him.

"So she didn't cheat on him?" he concludes.

"No."

"Guess I should throw this out then." he mutters, and the sound of ripping paper fills the background.

"What's that?" I wonder out loud.

"Oh, um, nothing , totally nothing." he replies and I don't question him any further for the fear of our conversation getting weirder.

nothing "Is Mark talking to you? Because he's ignoring me and I have to do something to get them to communicate." I say.

"Yeah he is. We were texting a few minutes ago." he comments.

"How about we bring them together and lock them up in a room until they make up?" I suggest.

" Lara , we want them to make up, not make babies." James counters. "No locking anyone up in a room."

Lara I roll my eyes. "Not everyone is like you, Bryer. Mark sure isn't thinking about that 24/7."

that He snorts, "Sure. Blame mother nature for giving humans the instinct to reproduce!"

"Changing the topic now, what do you suggest we do instead?" I ask in a concerned tone.

"Maybe we could pretend to be kidnappers and tie them up with their backs together! They'd have to work together to escape!" he talks with the giddiness of a six-year-old.

"Well then. Looks like we'll go with my idea since it involves a lower chance of us getting arrested." I sigh.

"What? We can always bribe the cops if anything happens." he states nonchalantly. Another phrase, another facepalm. My poor brain cells.

"Uh...is that the reason why you're still here and not rotting in jail?"

"Hey! I have a squeaky clean record!" he counters. "The only bad thing I've ever done was-"

"Kill someone?"

"No."

"Do drugs?"

"No."

"Join a-"

"No! I was going to say, beat a guy up! Damn, you've been reading too many books." he tells me, laughing a little.

"And you haven't been reading enough of them." If we were actually together right now, I would stick my tongue out at him.

"Okay, but where would we lock them up? And when?" he questions.

Huh. What would be a good place that they would both be at and where we wouldn't get in trouble? Think, think, think...

"I got it!" I shout a bit too loudly. I then go to a whisper, "We could lock them up in a classroom, after school!"

There are a few seconds of silence before he bellows, "AT SCHOOL? REALLY? Do you actually want to get caught?" I pull the phone away from my ear since his scream is destroying my ear drums. Ouch.

After the ringing in my ears stops and I regain my sense of hearing, I begin to speak again.

"Think about it. The only place that those two will be at, at the same time is school. They're both way too depressed to actually go anywhere else. We'll easily be able to lure them into a classroom." I remark.

"Yeah yeah that's great and all but how about the, I don't know, FREAKING TEACHERS?!" he yells.

I laugh and shake my head. "Oh sweet Jameson Bryer, leave that part to me."

Hey guys!

Hey guys! Hey guys! I'm seriously so saaaad right now. The funny thing is, although I absolutely adore writing for myself and you guys, I think I bombed my english exam yesterday. Swears, I finished my last essay sentence at the last minute. And that stupid classroom clock was mocking me that whole time! I hope I didn't do too bad since I studied really hard. I do hope that God has it in Him to, y'know, let me do well. After all, it would terrible if I did horrible in english class but shared my writing (which may actually be super bad) with you guys. Then again...that would also be kind of funny.

I'm seriously so saaaad right now. The funny thing is, although I absolutely adore writing for myself and you guys, I think I bombed my english exam yesterday. Swears, I finished my last essay sentence at the last minute. And that stupid classroom clock was mocking me that whole time! I hope I didn't do too bad since I studied really hard. I do hope that God has it in Him to, y'know, let me do well. After all, it would terrible if I did horrible in english class but shared my writing (which may actually be super bad) with you guys. Then again...that would also be kind of funny. I'm seriously so saaaad right now. The funny thing is, although I absolutely adore writing for myself and you guys, I think I bombed my english exam yesterday. Swears, I finished my last essay sentence at the last minute. And that stupid classroom clock was mocking me that whole time! I hope I didn't do too bad since I studied really hard. I do hope that God has it in Him to, y'know, let me do well. After all, it would terrible if I did horrible in english class but shared my writing (which may actually be super bad) with you guys. Then again...that would also be kind of funny. Enough with my pathetic excuse for an author's note! If you liked this chapter, leave me a vote and comment!

Enough with my pathetic excuse for an author's note! If you liked this chapter, leave me a vote and comment! Enough with my pathetic excuse for an author's note! If you liked this chapter, leave me a vote and comment! QOTD: What's your favourite movie? I need something to watch this summer.

QOTD: What's your favourite movie? I need something to watch this summer. QOTD: What's your favourite movie? I need something to watch this summer. -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Twenty-One: Use your Good-Girl Powers


I smirk at James as he raises an eyebrow at me in question. "So, how exactly are you planning to break into a classroom?"

"We're not breaking in, we're just going to use a classroom as our room of choice. Then we enter." I state.

"Okay, how are we going to 'enter' a classroom?" he makes air quotations.

"We twist the door handle and walk in."

He rolls his eyes, "You're impossible."

***

The weekend passed by as quickly as it arrived. Sunday was a particularly boring day that consisted of me waking up early for church and praying for those two moody, crying teenagers to just do everyone a favour and get back together. I also felt like a therapist to Carol, who was still trying to get to Mark. Of course, Mark hasn't talked to me since he hung up on me.

Luckily, I have a plan. And lucky for those crazy teenagers, they always seem to work.

James and I sit at our desks in the middle of second period Biology. Mrs. Lewis explains another concept regarding animal cells and what not while half the class is dazed or dozed off. I think she's getting tired of choosing me to answer every single question.

Hey! I didn't volunteer! I raised my hand for one question and now she's expecting me to answer everything. The only reason that I'm the only choice is because everyone else is not willing to participate. Apparently, the whole "we're all in this together" thing does not apply to my non-singing classmates.

I don't want to answer anymore! My throat is dry and I am parched!

Suddenly, Mrs. Lewis stops teaching and her eyes light up as if she remembers something. She scurries over to her organised desk and pulls out a pile of papers.

"Class, I almost forgot to tell you, we have a field trip this Friday!" she exclaims happily.

At the words "Field" and "Trip" everyone comes to life and starts shouting. The last science field trip I went on last year was quite scarring to be honest. But it was hilarious at the same time.

We went to the nature conservancy and there was a hike. James tied my shoelaces together when we were sitting down at a table, listening to the guide. I didn't notice, so when I got up I fell face first. Then, we went out for a hike. This is where it gets interesting. James decides to show off in front of some girl by flexing. What did oh-so wonderful Lara do? She subtly stuck her foot out while he was walking and conversing with female-0102.

Hilariously, he fell face first too. But in the mud. And in front of female-0102. Long story short, female-0102 latched onto some other guy and Lara laughed at James.

James also tried to murder me after that but as you can see, he didn't succeed.

"Yay!" I hear the person beside me yell. I look at him and see him pumping his fists in the air. "Where are we going?" he asks.

Once the noise level lessens, Mrs. Lewis starts to speak again. "We will be going to Ripley's aquarium!"

Another rounds of yays fill the room and we all cheer. I've never been there but I've heard it's really nice. I've also seen super cool pictures in tourist magazines for Toronto. Most of the people in this class are not even excited about the place, but the fact that we'll be out of school for a day.

"Here are your permission forms." she says while handing them out. "The fee for this trip is 25 dollars. You must hand it in by this Thursday at the latest."

We shove the forms in our backpacks. Just in time, the bell rings and we exit the classroom to our next class. Math. We enter the math class to see Ms. K doing something very, very strange. She's at her desk absorbed with some writing. What is normal for some teachers is bizarre for Ms. K.



I mean, where are the daily memes? Where is the generic pop music playing? Why is there nobody dancing?

"Yo Ms. K, did someone die?" James calls out, laughing.

The students that are sitting in class early, minding their own business, just stare at James with no expression on their faces. Like, how do they do that? Whenever I stare at him it's always with anger, annoyance, irritation...

Subconscious: He does make you laugh too y'know. Don't tell me that he didn't make you feel all happy and giddy when he lent you his jacket. Or when he bought you ice cream. Don't forget, he always walks you home. Oh, and that time when-

always Me: Okay! I get it! My mortal enemy is kind of a good guy. So what?

"Not yet, James." she answers simply. Well that escalated quickly.

"Yet? What does she mean by yet?" he leans down to whisper to me. He isn't the best whisperer though because Ms. K answers before I do. I had Ms. K before and whenever she was acting bizarre it would be because-

The bell rings and she goes to the door to close it. "James, by yet, I mean one thing," she turns to everyone, "I hope you've all prayed for your souls because today we will be writing a pop assessment! Mwah-ha-ha-ha-ha!" She rubs her hands together for dramatic effect and I can't help but stifle a giggle. Sure it's a test, but I must admit this is funny motivation.

"Who the heck give pop assessments? I mean, pop quizzes yeah, but pop assessments?" he blurts out.

She chuckles. "I may be a cool teacher but all teachers have to torture their students sometimes. I mean, that's the only fun part of our job! Why do you think I became a teacher?"

A student named Joe (who never really speaks) answers the rhetorical question, "Oh! Because you want to aid the future generation and-"

"Wrong!" she cuts him off and everyone laughs. "I became a teacher to have power over students and create my own minion army that I will use to take over the world!" she exclaims.

Everyone, including I, is staring at her wide-eyed.

She breaks the silence. "Kidding! Anyways, you guys have the whole period to do this. You can start once you get it." She hands out the papers.

I look at the assessment. Well, looks like I won't be able to ask her about borrowing the classroom this period.

Crabapples and sauce.

***

At the moment, James and I are waiting for the last of Ms. K's fourth period students to get out of her classroom so we can try to convince her to let us use her classroom.

James stares at me, probably wondering how I'm going to convince her to "borrow" her classroom.

Reading his mind I mutter, "Just let me do the talking."

He chuckles, "Whatever you say."

Finally the last student leaves and I knock on the open door. Ms. K turns around and smiles when she sees us. "Oh hi! What are you two doing here? Have you guys finally got along and stopped fighting?"

James shoots me a wink before wrapping an arm around me. "Actually, yes. We're getting along so well. We're together now."

so I glare at James. Why does he never listen! I'm doing the talking!

Her eyes widen and before she has the chance to go into cardiac arrest I jump to control the situation. I laugh nervously, "By together, he means that we're conducting an experiment together. Which is the subject that we came to discuss." I jab James' side with my elbow and he grunts.



"Oh. So you guys aren't together?" she asks, almost disappointed, for confirmation.

"No, not at all." I confirm, wanting to add, why does that even matter?

why does that even matter? She turns to James too. "Yeah, she's not my type." he shrugs casually. Wow. Okay. That was a bit unnecessary, but okay. You're not my type either, FYI , I want to tell him. I look up at him and I catch him eyeing me up and down.

You're not my type either, FYI "What? Why are you scanning me?" I blurt out.

"Scanning? Really? Nothing, just looking at you to comfirm that you are definitely not my type." he chuckles, shaking his head. I roll my eyes.

not No. You don't get to do this, James! I'm supposed to be saying that you're not my type. Not the other way around! Oh well, I'll just consider it a compliment that I'm not your type. I'm so glad that I'm not in the category of your "type".

you're my Totally not triggered right now.

"It's too bad that you're not into smart, confident, and opinionated girls." I retort back, grinding my teeth in frustration. Okay maybe the confident part was a lie, but I do have fake confidence.

"Why? Do you want me to be? Do you want me to like you?" he raises an eyebrow and a smirk forms on his annoying face. Grrr...

"No, actually. I find this works well. For the record, you're not my type either." I tilt my head to the side and cross my arms.

He takes a step forward, closer to me. "Really? And what is your type exactly?" He crosses his arms and bends down to let his face hover just above mine. We stare into each other's eyes, so intensely that everything else around us seems to be gone. Then it starts happening...

My heart starts beating-just kidding! No, that is not what is happening between us. In fact it is so much more than that.

Staring contest!

For the record, I am queen when it comes to staring contests. I can go without blinking for a while, which may be the reason for the terrible eyesight and thick glasses. We stare at each other, not one of us blinking. It reminds me of those wild west scenes where they zoom in the camera to the enemies' intense glares.

He's still not blinking. Oh it's freaking on, Bryer.

Suddenly, we get pulled out of the contest as a finger snaps in front of our faces, causing us both to blink. "Guys? Hello?" Ms. K says. Oops.

"Sorry." James and I apologize at the same time.

"Now that I see that you two still aren't the best of friends, how about we move on and you guys tell me what you need?" she smiles. Usually a teacher would be really impatient with us right now but Ms. K is cool.

"Do you think we could borrow your classroom for our psychological experiment?" I ask, smiling innocently.

"You take psychology? That wasn't in your schedule though." she wonders, confused.

"I'm planning to take it next year," I lie, "I asked Mr. Hernandez if I could try out one of the assignments to see what I would be going into."

"Oh. That's very thoughtful. I'm so glad that you are taking charge with your education. Most students don't even know to do that now a days." she compliments and I just smile and nod.

"What about you James?" she looks at him.

"I'm with Lara. We're doing this project together. She convinced me to be her partner since she clearly can't find anyone better." he turns his head to wink at me again. I roll my eyes.

"Oh James, stop teasing the girl! She already has two classes too many with you." she jokes and James acts with mock offense.

"And of course you can use my classroom! Could I just ask, what exactly is the experiment?"

"Well, we are going to be examining the reaction of two people within a confined space," I explain, "We are going to analyze how the human mind works during the unexpected. Our subjects will not be expecting to be trapped in the room, so they will most likely react. On top of that, we will be seeing if they can get along for an hour and without the use of any personal devices."

Hopefully that sounded legit. I honestly have no clue if that was believable. But teachers usually trust me so I hope she doesn't doubt anything.

"That's very interesting! I'll be in the school until five at the conference room so return this to me when you guys are done. Lara, watch that James of yours and make sure he doesn't set anything on fire." she says, handing me a lanyard with the key to the classroom.

"I may not be good at math, but I won't set anything on fire!" James argues.

"Well you're pretty well known for your pranks, mister." she responds.

"I haven't pranked anyone since freshman year!" he complains.

"Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on him." I tell her and she nods.

"Tell me how the experiment plays out!" she calls as she strides away.

When she gets far enough, out of hearing range, I look at James, who is staring at me like I'm crazy.

"How the heck did you just do that?" he looks at me, dumbfounded.

I smirk, " Powers of being a good girl ."

Powers of being a good girl "Now you get Mark and I get Carol." I order. He salutes me and we part ways, ready to conduct our "experiment" with our subjects.

What an I say? I'm a science geek.

Update!! Woo hoo!!

I just had my first week of summer and I didn't know what to do. My whole year practically revolved around school so I don't know what to do with life now...*cries* I know, I'm sad. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed this one! If you did, press that star and leave a comment! Another thing, I'm going to Ohio tomorrow! Yay, I'm not going to be bored for the next few days! See you in the next chapter!

Update!! Woo hoo!! Update!! Woo hoo!!

I just had my first week of summer and I didn't know what to do. My whole year practically revolved around school so I don't know what to do with life now...*cries* I know, I'm sad. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed this one! If you did, press that star and leave a comment! Another thing, I'm going to Ohio tomorrow! Yay, I'm not going to be bored for the next few days! See you in the next chapter! I just had my first week of summer and I didn't know what to do. My whole year practically revolved around school so I don't know what to do with life now...*cries* I know, I'm sad. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed this one! If you did, press that star and leave a comment! Another thing, I'm going to Ohio tomorrow! Yay, I'm not going to be bored for the next few days! See you in the next chapter! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :) P.S. Thanks so much cause HTBTBTW won first in the Eminence Awards humor!!

P.S. Thanks so much cause HTBTBTW won first in the Eminence Awards humor!! P.S. Thanks so much cause HTBTBTW won first in the Eminence Awards humor!!





Tip Twenty-Two: Re-unite the Hormonal Teenagers


Did you know it takes 5 seconds for the average human to break down after seeing their partner after thinking that they cheated on them?

No?

Well, it does. Apparently it does. You probably wouldn't have known that because you've never tested it on average humans. Don't pretend that you haven't thought about locking two people up in a room to see their reaction! You probably wanted to do it but our world has these things called "laws" and "jail".

"No. I am not talking about this. Not here. Not now." Mark states, gritting his teeth. James is holding him in an effort to not let him escape. Sorry Mark, you may be strong, but James is bigger and stronger.

"Sorry buddy, but I have to do this." James tells him.

"Do wha-" Mark starts but James forcefully pushes Mark into the classroom, causing him to land chest first on the floor and I rush to lock the door.

This is great because Carol's already in there as well! I texted her to meet me in the classroom. Like the not curious person she is, she didn't ask nor hesitate at my weird request. So, she's in there. I'm expecting shouts of anguish in 5-4-3-2-

"You! What are you doing here!" they bellow at each other. Ah, young love, so expressive. I can tell that was what they were saying because I'm an excellent lip-reader.

I look up at James, "How long do you think it'll take for them to make-up, or make out for that matter." I gag at the thought.

He tilts his head a few times. "I predict, 15 minutes. Tops."

"15? After Mark ignored her and I for days? It's probably going to take more than 45 minutes. Plus, they won't talk to each other for, maybe, the first 20 minutes." I state, putting a hand on my hip.

He raises an eyebrow. "Really? Are you sure?"

"Yeah, actually I am." I cross my arms and give him a look that comes across as challenging him.

"You want to bet on that, De la Cruz?" he looks down and inches his arrogant, little face to mine.

"Why not? I'm going to win anyways. How much do you want to bet? Ten bucks if I'm right." I joke, chuckling.

"Sure." he agrees seriously, although I was just joking about the ten bucks. "And if I win?" he poses with a smug look on his face.

"If you win, then you get the ten bucks." I tell him, simply, but the look in his eyes makes me think that he doesn't want the ten bucks.

"I don't want ten bucks. I want-" he starts to say but I interrupt him before he can say anything else.

I start blabbering, triggered by the fact that he doesn't want ten bucks. "I knew you were weird. You don't want ten bucks? You could buy a lunch for that price! You could buy a combo at Burger King! You could buy nine, 99 cent small Frosty's at Wendy's! You could buy a figget spinner! You could-"

"I don't want any of those." he rolls his eyes at me.

"Then what do you freaking want, you idiot?" I wonder out loud.

"If I win the bet, you have to-" he cuts himself off with an evil grin, turning into an evil smirk, turning into an evil laugh. I can see it now, Jameson Bryer as the Joker in the next Batman movie!

I tap my foot impatiently and glance at my non-existent watch. "I have to? What? Go on a date with you?" I tease, as if he would actually say that.

He stutters, "Ew. N-no. O-o-of course not . Give me a second to clean out my ears from that statement of yours."

course not I roll my eyes and kick him lightly in the shin. He laughs, "Anyways, if you want to go on a date with me, which you probably do like every other girl, you can-"



I sigh, "Is this how you ask girls out? Oh gosh, you're terrible. How do you get so many dates? Someone needs to teach you how to properly talk to girls." I snicker as I shake my head.

"No, of course not! They usually ask me out. Plus, if I were to ask a girl out, I'd be much more polite." he tells me, emphasizing the word girl to indicate his lack of intelligence by stating that I am not of the female sex.

me girl girl "Wow." I voice sarcastically. "Now what do you want me to do?"

"Well, if I win the bet you have to," he declares, pointing a finger at me, "accompany me to a banquet next Saturday."

" Accompany ? James if you want to go out with me, just say so. I'll reject you just the same either way." I remark with sass in my tone. Mean? No, not really. I mean, it's James after all.

Accompany "Don't assume things, De la Cruz. The only reason I need you to accompany me is because I need someone to help me look like the young, smart heir that people think I am." he explains.

"Sorry but I think your reputation of being a party animal and a player has already ruined that for you." I reply.

"At least I don't drink or do drugs at those parties." he remarks. That, I know is true. Good thing too. I'm glad that he doesn't take part in all the weed smuggling at the school. I swear, the washrooms are disgusting when you walk in on students smoking weed. Ugh.

"So what do I have to do with you pretending to be smart?" I ask.

"Well, smart people have smart girlfriends and I need a smart girlfriend." he states.

I pretend to throw up. "Help! Help! I think I might die from digust if I pretend to be romantically involved with you!" I scream dramatically as I fall onto the floor, curl into a ball and pretend to be dying.

He laughs and crouches down to help me up. "Listen, I have to look good for the event. This is going to be the first time I'm going to see dad after he left to work on a project in Paris, two months ago. This is going to be the one banquet where I actually can't hide from people! You've got to help me!" he pleads, still laughing.

I feel kind of bad for him. As much as he seems so happy and cheerful, he's still a human (kind of) and he misses his dad as much as I'd miss mine if he were away. The thing with James is that he barely has time with his dad. That's why whenever Tito Danny comes back, they're always glued to the hip and James never leaves his side. Being with his family brings out a soft side in him that rarely anybody sees.

"Fine. But you have to win the bet first, and frankly, I think I'll be really lucky with the ten bucks." I retort.

"Will you? Will you really?" he says, walking towards the classroom door and peeking through the glass window. "Hey, how much time has passed since we locked them in there?" he asks.

"Why? And," I look at my phone, "10 minutes."

"I think we need to start looking for a nice dress for the banquet." he states with a smirk.

I run to the window to see what the idiot was looking at. The sight of Carol and Mark hugging meets me. They pull away, and he cups her face. He leans in, ready to kiss her. There is a wild hunger in their eyes. She closes her eyes as Mark leans in to-

First of all, why am I acting like a terrible romance writer at the moment?

Second of all, "STOP! THIS IS A CLASSROOM FOR GOODNESS SAKE!" I yell so loudly that they jump away from each other and stare at me wide-eyed. "AND THANKS TO YOU I'M NOT GOING TO BUY A COMBO AT BURGER KING!" I realize my loudness and regain some composure.



"Uh," I stutter, "I-I mean, I'm so glad you guys are okay again!"

Before I have the chance to say anything else, James buds in, "Oh thank the Lord. I thought I was going to go crazy with Mark's endless sobbing."

We laugh and the couple walks towards me and engulfs me in a group hug. "Thank you." they say as I squirm, looking for a way out of this death grip. They break the hug.

"How about me? I helped too!" James pouts, causing me to react by stomping on his foot. "Ouch! Why do you always have to abuse me both physically and emotionally!"

I throw a glare at him and he smirks again. What the-

He picks me up and throws me over his shoulder, giving me the regretful view of his rear end. I hit him multiple times but he doesn't put me down.

"Bye guys! Remember, a make-out is no make out without some tongue action!" James advises to the couple and I hit him even harder for that gross remark of his.

Carol and Mark chuckle and James carries me out of the classroom and across the hallway. "Put me down!" I yell and he gently places me on the ground. "You could've just asked me to get out." I huff.

"So, when are we buying the dress?" he wiggles his eyebrows. Dang it. Here I was looking forward to a ten dollar bill.

I fake cough. "Oh man! I am not feeling well! Oh well, I guess I cannot accompany you."

He rolls his eyes. "Too bad, so sad. I won the bet."

"Oh fine!" I flail my arms in defeat.

We lock up Ms. K's classroom and head to the conference room to return the keys. She asks us how the experiment went and we obviously answer with some big words. We exit the school and I walk alongside James to his house, which has become a regular routine.

"Hey, can I ask you something stupid?" I say, looking at the ground and breaking the silence.

"Lara, I've known you since diaper days. I don't think anything that you say is stupid, nor will I ever." he mutters softly. There is so much sincerity in his voice that I can't help but blush at his statement.

"Well-" I start.

He starts laughing, "Joking! Remember that time where you tried talking to Holden last year and started quoting Shakespeare? Oh gosh! That happened in front of the whole class! Now that was stupid!"

Wow. I'm just going to tell myself the saying that jokes are half meant. So let's just say that he doesn't think I say stupid things.

"Whatever." I grunt, walking away from him.

He runs up to me,"C'mon sweetheart. What were you gonna say?"

I roll my eyes at the name and take a breath. "Do you think we should've done that? Helped them get back together?" I whisper.

"What? Why would you ask that?" he blurts, confused.

"Nevermind. I told you it was stupid." I brush it off and keep walking.

"No tell me!" he pushes.

"Well, it's just that they're always forgetting about us? Don't you see it? The only time they came back to hang with us was when they were mad at each other! Ugh. Pretend I never said that. I'm so selfish."

"Hey, you're not selfish. You just miss hanging out with your friends." he tells me. Strangely, it makes me feel better.

"Yeah. I do. I really do." he places and arm around me and squeezes my shoulder. "But it's okay. They're happy. I'm happy." I say, forcing a small smile.

We get to the house and I hear a deep laugh coming from the kitchen. It sounds super familiar. Could it be... I look to James, but he's already running to the kitchen with me chasing after him. We enter and see Lola Edna laughing with-

"Dad? Dad you're back!" James exclaims and runs to Tito Danny. His dad gets up from his seat and takes James in his arms, engulfing him in a tight hug. It's almost as if time were rewinded as I see James as the small, vulnerable boy that was at his father's side at all moments. James hugs him back just as tight, his eyes watering a bit.

"I missed you guys so much." Tito Danny tells him as they break from the hug.

"I missed you too. Why are you back so early? Aren't you supposed to get back next Saturday?" he asks his father.

"Obviously I'm back because I love my sons too much to stay away too long! When's your mother getting home? I have a reservation for a family dinner tonight."

James laughs, his eyes lighting up with childish happiness, those eyes that I haven't seen in a while lately, "She's coming soon."

James seems to remember that I'm standing here awkwardly and looks to me. Tito Danny follows his gaze and almost yells when he sees me. "Lara! How's my daughter that I never had?" He pulls James and I into another hug.

James' parents were like my second parents. Tito Danny was like my second father and he treated me like his daughter since they only have sons.

"I'm great." I answer simply.

"Wait...what are you doing here?" but before I get the chance to answer, he turns to James. "Are you finally dating her? Oh. My. Gosh." Before James responds to that, he turns back to me. "Now you can finally be my daughter in law! Yay!"

"We're not dating." James and I say in unison then look at each other.

Tito Danny sighs, "Oh." and a wave of disappointment flushes over his face. "Well that's a bummer. Looks like I'll just have to stay patient. Son, if you're going to get girls, you need to get the right one! You've had what, 6 girlfriends? To be honest, they were so annoying! Lara's been here all this time! Like, boy I want to slap you! Another thing-"

James laughs awkwardly, stopping his dad from saying anything more. "Dad, always making great jokes. How about we talk about your trip? How was it?"

Tito Danny smiles, "It was amazing! I saw the Eiffel tower, the Arc de Triomphe, oh and don't even get me started with the food!"

Tito Danny rambles on about the business trip and tells us about how Paris is just beautiful. I sigh. One of my dreams is to visit Paris. I know, it's so cliché, but just to see the wonderful architecture would be incredible.

After a while, he leaves James and I to our studies. We work on today's math homework and out of nowhere, James looks up from his work and shoots me a dazzling smile.

"What?" I narrow my eyes at him.

"Nothing. I'm just...happy." he says softly. His hair falls against his forehead and I catch a glimpse of his old self, the boyish James that I haven't seen in a while.

The James that I missed. So much.

Without thinking, I inch closer to him and brush the hair from his face. He looks at me in surprise and I pull away, my heart beating a mile a minute. There's a scientific explanation: heart problems run in the family.

"Sorry. Your hair was bugging me. It looked so horrible and stupid that I just had to fix it." I scoff, returning back to reality. Stupid ugly hairstyle.

He points at his hair, "And this looks better?" I look at his hair and start laughing hysterically. Oh gosh, he looks even worse.

I ruffle his hair and it becomes so messy that it looks almost good.

"There. That's better." I state.

Ah.

Here we are again with another update. I have been so busy these past few days that I barely had time to write! I just finished writing a chapter for The Science Behind Boys and I'm almost done another one for this book. *stretches* If you guys haven't already, check out that one and my short story! I'd love to hear from you! Anyways, leave me a vote and a comment if you liked this chapter!

Ah. Ah.

Here we are again with another update. I have been so busy these past few days that I barely had time to write! I just finished writing a chapter for The Science Behind Boys and I'm almost done another one for this book. *stretches* If you guys haven't already, check out that one and my short story! I'd love to hear from you! Anyways, leave me a vote and a comment if you liked this chapter! Here we are again with another update. I have been so busy these past few days that I barely had time to write! I just finished writing a chapter for The Science Behind Boys and I'm almost done another one for this book. *stretches* If you guys haven't already, check out that one and my short story! I'd love to hear from you! Anyways, leave me a vote and a comment if you liked this chapter! Gugh...you already know this but YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME!

Gugh...you already know this but YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME! Gugh...you already know this but YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Twenty-Three: Be a Photographer


"STOP KISSING! I'M TRYING TO TAKE PICTURES OF THE FISH AND YOU'RE SCARING THEM AWAY!" I yell at Jasmine and Logan, who look like they might suck each other's tongues off.

I shift, trying to get an angle to take a picture of the shark but the tongue-suckers are blocking the view. "Move it! This is an aquarium for goodness sake!" I yell again.

They break from the kiss and grin at me. "Lara, can you take a picture of us, please?" Jasmine asks.

I roll my eyes at the couple making googley eyes at each other. "Do I look like a photographer?" I remark harshly. If anything, I only like to photograph not-vomit-inducing subjects.

"Yes." Logan answers and I give him the death glare. I take a step forward and he goes into survival mode. He drops onto the ground and goes into fetal position. "No, I mean no. I'm sorry. Please don't kill me!"

"Please Lara?" Jasmine asks again and I tell Logan to get up and stand with his girlfriend.

"Smile." I say sarcastically, and I snap a picture of them on Jasmine's phone. She thanks me and takes her phone but I respond with only an eye roll. "Now can you guys move so I can take a picture of this shark?"

"Sure." Jasmine replies and the fish scarers go find another place to traumatize fish. Those poor fish.

I snap a couple pictures of the shark and continue on the moving sidewalk. The Dangerous Lagoon exhibit is by far my favourite. It's super cool because it's a tunnel with a walking sidewalk! Plus, there are sharks swimming right above you!

Jasmine, Logan and James are the only people that have biology this semester. I mean, they're the only people that I actually talk to. So yeah, I'm basically stuck here with people who like to traumatize fish and a person who likes to traumatize...well, anything that's living, really.

"Lara, Lara, Lara." James repeats my name while poking my arm.

"What?" I snap, turning to him. Can't these people see that I am trying to read about the-I look at the information plate- sandbar shark .

sandbar shark "Look at those fish! I'm naming them Jasmine and Logan." he declares and I look around to see which fish he's talking about.

"Where?" I ask.

He points to two red fish with their lips pressed together. I start laughing so hard that a few other visitors stop to look at me in confusion. He starts laughing too, maybe because of the odd looks I'm getting from people or because of the fish. I put my phone up to take a picture and show it to the two later.

"Shall we continue to make our way through the tunnel?" James proposes politely, sticking his arm out for me to link mine.

"Sure!" I answer, and walk past him, ignoring his arm that could serve as a safety hazard for pedestrians. What? He would've probably thrown me in the tank with the fish if I'd fallen for his trap. Well, that would be okay because I'd drag him down with me and feed him to the sharks.

What? Can he even swim?

Subconscious: Duh. Of course he can swim, he's an all around athlete for goodness sake.

After a minute of bickering with my subconscious, I peer through the glass and look at the green sea turtles, swimming around. I step on and off of the sidewalk constantly to take a good look at everything and marvel at it all. Everything is just so colourful, so bright, and so happy.

We keep walking through the other exhibits, marvelling at the amazing creatures that are swimming around. After, we make our way to the discovery centre where we stick our hands in a shallow pool to touch the stingrays.



I wash my hands then make my way to a table to sit down. "Geez, I'm so tired of walking." I sigh, stretching my legs.

James sits in front of me and starts staring at me for no reason. Weird.

"What? Would you care to tell me what is so interesting about my face that you have to stare, my mortal enemy?" I ask, laughing.

"Hey, do you still think we're enemies?" he poses the question in all seriousness. I open my mouth to say something but he continues. "Quite a bit has changed between us, don't you think? I mean, for one thing, we can hang out without one of us ending up with a bruise."

"My punches and kicks don't give bruises? Gosh, I need to start working out." I huff in disbelief.

He chuckles, "Oh, they do. But I mean, I don't hate you anymore! I don't even dislike you!"

My eyes widen in surprise. "Yo, this is getting weird." Out of nowhere, I raise my hand and slap him across the face. "What did you do to James, you alien!"

He winces and holds a hand up to his reddened cheek. "First of all, ouch . Second of all, maybe I still dislike you a little bit."

ouch I shrug.

"My point is, I think we're actually friends now." he tells me, cringing at the word friends.

friends I let out an overdramatic gasp. "Geez! James it's been only 2 weeks since we were full on mortal enemies! Don't you think this is going too fast?"

"Um...so can we be friends?"

"Um...we can be frenemies." I answer.

Realizing the content of our conversation, he decides to state the obvious. "That was-"

"-A weird conversation." I finish.

***

I wake up Saturday morning to the sound of an alarm that I set up. Wait...I don't set alarms. I squint at my phone to see the long and obnoxious caller ID of my morta-nevermind, frenemy. Ugh. Should I answer him? Or should I just ignore him?

I go with my gut, press decline, and go back to my beauty sleep.

Nonetheless, my phone rings again and I have no choice but to answer it. "What do you need? I swear James if this isn't important, I will chop off your arm and slap you to death with it." I croak, hating my morning voice.

I'm pretty violent in the mornings.

And afternoons. And evenings.



"Well then..." he responds.

"What do you need?" I harshly ask again.

"I need your help, I'm kind of in a sticky situation."

So what? That's your problem, not mine. I'm just here trying to get my beauty rest.

"You're in a sticky situation? I'm in a sticky situation, you're taking away my precious hours of sleep. We've all got our own problems. Goodbye." and with that, I end the call. That, ladies amd gentlemen, is how you hang up on sleep-deprivers.

I'm Without a doubt, he calls again. Like usual, I can't help but answer his call.

Stupid me being a good person.

"Lara, I kind of, sort of, might have agreed to babysit a few children." he tells me. Oh my gosh. I don't know what is wrong with him.

"What the heck? Why would you do that? You don't even need the money!" I scream in both exasperation and confusion. "Do you even know how to babysit kids?"

"Yeah...about that-"

"You idiot! You better get someone to help you before one of those kids go missing or something! You're ridiculous." I yell at him like an angry parent.



"So...do you want to come over and help me?" he asks in a cutesy voice.

"No! What the hell! Go call an actual babysitter!" I order.

"C'mon dude!"

"No."

"Please man!"

"No. No. No!"

"You know I'm not going to stop until you finally agree." he reminds me. Of course he's not. He's James.

"Fine! I'll be there in 20 minutes!" I say, giving in to his pleads. Gosh, why was I raised to be so nice! Funny, if any of my friends heard me say that, they'd probably laugh their butts off.

"Okay, I'll pick you up." he says, but I quickly refuse.

"Don't you dare put those kids in a car with you behind the wheel James! I swear... Just, just stay there okay?" I warn him.

"Okay fine."

"I'm coming, so just don't do anything until I get there." I order. James+kids=disaster.

"Yup! Thanks sweetheart!" he exclaims, and before I get the chance to yell at him, he hangs up.

I get out of my bed, regretting my life choices. I lazily put a bralette on and top it off with a casual dress. Some people hate dresses, but I actually like them. I mean, I don't actually have to pick clothes that go together! Dresses are great for lazy people like me.

I go down the stairs, not bothering to eat breakfast because, let's face it, I'm going to raid James' fridge anyways. I grab my sweater from the coat rack and make my way out.

"Dad! I'm going to James' house!" I shout.

"Wait bakit?" (Wait why?) he asks, shouting back.

"Because he needs help with something!"

"First you tutor him and now you're helping him? Are you guys friends again?" he gasps in fake shock and says it all in english to add some sort of effect.

Wow. Just because I'm being nice to someone, doesn't mean that we're friends. James being my friend? Ha! I'm not going down that path ever again. I'm fine with being his frenemy.

"Frenemies! Okay bye dad!" I yell once more before leaving the house. Huh, I wonder where my strict father went today? Well, mom was always the strict one.

In a few minutes, I get to his house and ring the doorbell. He answers the door and I hear loud crying in the background.

"Oh thank God you're here." he whispers, maybe to himself then hugs me tightly. I wiggle out of his hug and punch him on the arm.

"What is wrong with you? Why did you agree to become a babysitter?" I shriek.

"Well, I thought that I'd be great at it since I was able to calm your baby cousin down with my vocal cords." he explains, blushing in embarrassment. I can't say that I've ever seen him blush before, but it sure does look awkward when he does...but a good kind of awkward.

I walk into the living room where the babies are sitting on the couch. "Well vocal cords don't help with hungry, cranky, babies and full diapers."

"Yeah, I got that figured out." he nods.

I take a look at 3 adorable children. There are two kids that seem to be a kindergarten age and another toddler that looks about 1 or 2 years old. I take the wailing toddler and carry her.

"That's Hannah and David." James introduces the shy children. They just look at the ground and don't make eye contact. "And this is Marie." he points to the child in my arms who has thankfully stopped crying and is sucking her thumb.

I crouch down to be at eye level with the Hannah and David. "Hi guys! How old are you?" I ask.

They hesitate before responding. "I'm 5," Hannah says.

"And I'm 4," David follows.

"And I'm 16." James announces like the two kids but I slap him in the arm.

"So what did you need help with?" I turn to James. These children are absolute angels. Why was he on the verge of a panic attack? "And isn't Ate Kelly here to help you? How about Lola Edna? After all, she handled you and you were a terror of a child."

He narrows his eyes at me. "Why are you so mean to me!" he pouts like a child. "And Ate Kelly is on a vacation leave. Lola Edna is at a Zumba class with your grandma!"

Oh. That explains why Lola Nora wasn't there to question my anti-social way of life this morning.

James turns the shy siblings and tells them, "Okay guys, your dad said that you need to take a nap in the afternoon, so what do we do before then?"

Hannah seems to be thinking then finally comes up with, "Let's go to Disneyworld!"

I'm waiting for James to tell her that we obviously can't go to Disneyworld but instead he declares, "Yes! That is a great idea!" Hannah and James start jumping up and down.

"Hold up!" I shout, interrupting their bouncing, "Honey, we can't go to Disneyworld because that's all the way in Florida and it's too far."

"Oh. Okay. Can we go to the par-"

James interrupts the little girl. "Did you just call me 'Honey'?" he turns to me smirking.

"You blockhead! I was talking to Hannah, not you!"

"O-kay..." he says in a sing-song voice, smiling that annoying smile of his. "Since Disneyworld is too far, we can't drive there," he pulls out his phone, "Do you guys want to fly business class or-"

"James!" I scream in annoyance.

"You're right, you're right. We can do first class because obviously Marie is still free and we have the extra cash-"

"James we can't do that." I groan. Why is he so persistent!

He sighs. "Lara, you're so right. We don't even have their passports! What was I thinking?" he shakes his head. Sometimes I wonder if he even thinks.

"So we're not going to Disneyworld?" David speaks up for the first time.

"No, but we can go to the park if you want." he suggests.

"Yay!" the two shout in celebration.

"Uh...James, does Marie have a stroller? I can't carry her forever. And do the kids even have carseats? How are you supposed to be in a car with them if they have no carseat?" I start blabbering.

"No worries, their dad left their carseats here in case of emergency." he replies, pulling out the carseats from the other room. I place Marie in hers and stretch my arms out.

"Okay then." I say, almost nervously.

I really, really don't trust James with children. I mean, he almost booked a flight to freaking Florida.

"Let's go?" he asks.

"Wait, I'm just going to look for food in your kitchen." I tell him and go straight to the fridge to hunt for something to eat for breakfast.

What? I'm hungry and they always have really good food!

Guyyyyys

Guyyyyys Guyyyyys I thought that I'd be less busy since school is over for a a few months...but no. I was so wrong. I've literally had zero rest. I only have very few prewritten chapters and I just rely on writing a new one each week. I need to get writing... Anyways, if you liked the chapter, give me a vote and a comment! Also if you like this book, sharing it would be much appreciated!

I thought that I'd be less busy since school is over for a a few months...but no. I was so wrong. I've literally had zero rest. I only have very few prewritten chapters and I just rely on writing a new one each week. I need to get writing... Anyways, if you liked the chapter, give me a vote and a comment! Also if you like this book, sharing it would be much appreciated! I thought that I'd be less busy since school is over for a a few months...but no. I was so wrong. I've literally had zero rest. I only have very few prewritten chapters and I just rely on writing a new one each week. I need to get writing... Anyways, if you liked the chapter, give me a vote and a comment! Also if you like this book, sharing it would be much appreciated! I would like to give a shoutout to Jane1763 for helping me with some lines for this chapter when I was writing this after we finished our second period exams. Thanks friend who thinks that I'm insane!

I would like to give a shoutout to I would like to give a shoutout to Jane1763 Jane1763 Jane1763 for helping me with some lines for this chapter when I was writing this after we finished our second period exams. Thanks friend who thinks that I'm insane! for helping me with some lines for this chapter when I was writing this after we finished our second period exams. Thanks friend who thinks that I'm insane! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Twenty-Four: Be Babysitters


"James, get the diaper bag!" I shout from outside. I'm at the front door, holding Marie's carseat with one hand and holding David's hand with the other.

"What the heck is a diaper bag?" he screams back. Who in the world doesn't know what a freaking diaper bag is?

"The big, bulky bag with, I don't know, diapers!" I yell.

"Oh okay! I was wondering what that was for!" He comes out with Hannah and the diaper bag slung over his shoulder. He unlocks the car and I place the carseats in the backseat.

The two kids take their position beside Marie, who is sleeping, and I buckle their seatbelts. I slide into the front seat beside James, who starts the car.

As we drive, I turn on the radio and switch between stations. James slaps my hand away and I glare at him. "My car, my music."

"Why don't you focus on the road and let me pick a radio station." I retort.

"What? No!"

"Focus on the road, Bryer."

"Hey!"

"I said focus on the road before I punch you."

"Gosh! Okay! Women are literally the craziest." he huffs as I turn on the radio again.

"You think I'm crazy? You should've seen Carol after one of her breakups. She tried to convince me to go with her to buy tools from Home Depot to smash a guy's car." I laugh, remembering the dangerous yet funny time in our life.

He looks at me with wide eyes. "So do you think Mark's going to be alright? I mean, I'm kind of concerned about my best friend getting, you know, injured."

"Yeah...well, I think he's going to be okay." I reassure him. Lies. Once they get past that honeymoon phase or whatever, Carol is going full on...Carol. I just know it. When it does happen, my popcorn shall be ready. I look outside the window and see the trees swaying in the wind. Huh. It's really windy today.

"James, are we almost there?" Hannah asks impatiently, though her tiny voice makes the complaint sound adorable.

"Don't worry sweetie, we're almost there." James responds, looking at her through the front mirror. Is it weird that I find that oddly...cute?

"Lara, I'm hungry!" David exclaims and I look at James.

"Did you feed them breakfast?" I ask. It's still early morning. I check my phone, 9:00 .

9:00 "Their dad said they already ate!" James explains, "That's why I thought they were okay! Plus, I asked them and they said they were full!"

"Well we were full when you asked us. Now , we're hungry." Hannah argues and I can't help but laugh as James rolls his eyes.

were Now "Can we stop by Tim Horton's or something? I can get them breakfast." I tell him. James simply smiles at me and nods. "Plus, you woke me up so early that I need a coffee." I state. I don't drink coffee everyday to ensure that I don't get addicted, but when I'm really tired, I need coffee.

"Yeah, sorry about that." he apologizes.

I snort. "Really?"

"Nah. I'd probably forget the kids or something if you weren't here." he admits. Yeah...he probably would.

He drives to the nearest Tim Horton's which is right around the area, and parks in a vacant parking lot. We hop out of the car. I hold both Hannah and David's hand, while James carries Marie in her carseat. There's really no point in putting her in the stroller when we're just stopping by.



We enter and James places the carseat on the table. He sits down.

"Do you want anything?" I ask him before heading to the line.

"Nope." he states and I don't ask him any further. I swear, if he takes any of my order, I'll attack him. Wait...it's not like he can take my coffee.

I order a coffee, double double, for myself. The kids each get a muffin and we share a box of 20 Timbits. We then get back into the car and proceed to High Park.

"You know what would be the best time to visit High Park?" James says as I take a sip of my coffee.

"When?"

"In the spring. The cherry blossoms there are stunning." he replies. Yeah, they really are. I usually go each year with my family. We always take a bunch of pictures.

"I know right!"

We get there and we pull into the parking lot. We get out of the car. James opens the trunk and takes out the stroller. He attatches the carseat and we start to walk on the pathway. The two kids are walking happily, with no complaints after being fed.

We continue on the pathway, James and I just talking while the kids are admiring the natural beauty of the place. We stumble across the playground and they run to play. The structure of the playground has always been so unique. It's in the form of a castle, which I've always loved.

James and I take a seat at one of the picnic tables, when Marie starts to wail like crazy. I take her from the stroller and carry her, but she doesn't stop crying. Babies are cute and all, but it seems like they can cry forever. I pace around while rocking Marie in hope that she'll stop crying. I continue on for a while but she doesn't stop.

"Let me take her." James offers and I hand Marie to him.

I sit down. Gosh, carrying that baby is literally more intense than an arm workout. James starts doing the same thing that I've been doing, except he starts talking to her. "Shh, Marie. Please stop crying." he pleads. He presses his forehead against her tiny forehead, then kisses her on the cheek. He lifts her up and down and she stops crying.

Her wails are replaced with giggles. "You like that, huh?" James says and continues to lift her up and down.

Good , I think. With muscles like that, you can keep doing that so the rest of Toronto doesn't have to endure the screams of that child. Wait...does that child like him more than me? I think the apocalypse has officially started.

Good With muscles like that, you can keep doing that so the rest of Toronto doesn't have to endure the screams of that child. ***

We get back to the house at about 12:00 to have lunch. The chef prepares the meals as I sit in the living room, watching T.V. with the kids.

Tony, the awesome chef, has been working for the Bryers for a really long time. Like their housekeepers and nannies, Tony is like part of their family. He's also Tito Danny's personal driver.

Although his cooking is amazing, he doesn't cook all that much since Lola Edna loves to take over the kitchen.

I turn on the lights and start to close the blinds. Although it is mid-day, the weather seems to be taking a turn on us. It's so dark outside that you could mistake it for night. The clouds are grey and I think it's going to rain.

"We don't wanna watch this anymore!" Hannah whines.

I look to the T.V. So they've been watching Peppa Pig for an hour. I guess that would get a little boring.

"Okay then, what do you want to watch?" I ask them, while flipping through channels.

"Dora?" I suggest.



"Ew. No." David says.

"Blue's Clues?"

"No thanks."

"The Magic School Bus?"

"No."

"I have an idea. Why don't I read you guys a book!" I exclaim and they nod excitedly.

"Wait...where are we going to get the book from?" Hannah asks.

"I have a book." I tell her. "It's in my bag." I reach into my bag and pull out a hardcover copy of Snow Like Ashes .

Snow Like Ashes "You keep books in your bag?" David says in awe, as if that were super interesting or weird.

"Yeah! Of course!" I respond.

Obviously, the cool people would know that books in the bag are essential. I mean, the people who carry books in their purses are the greatest people you will ever meet.

However, it is a skill that takes time to develop. Trust me when I say that carrying mostly books in your vacation luggage is a struggle.

What goes through my mind while putting my book-filled luggage in the car is: lift with your legs!

On the bright side, book lovers like me can work the booty with book weight squats.

I open the book and start reading to the kids. We are on the second page as I hear James coming downstairs.

" ...how much I love throwing my spinning circular blade of death-my chakram. " I read but he interrupts me.

...how much I love throwing my spinning circular blade of death-my chakram. "What are you doing?" he yells, causing the kids and I to look up.

"Lara's reading to us. Duh." Hannah says to him. I love it when kids are sassy, it's really funny.

He looks to me. "Yup." I confirm, nodding and holding the book up.

"Dude! You can't be reading these kinds of books to them!" he shouts in disbelief.

"Why not?" I pout and my eyes widen in surprise as the kids do the same.

James looks at me in disbelief. "Oh I don't know...maybe because people are trying to kill people in this book!"

I shrug. "Only in a few parts." I argue.

"Yeah!" Hannah and David shout, backing me up.

"You guys are like three years old!" James exclaims, raising his arms for emphasis.

Both Hannah and David shoot him the nastiest glare. Hannah's hands are on her hips as she states, "No. I'm five!"

David follows the example of his older sister, "And I'm four!"

"I'm taking this." James declares and snatches the book out of my hand. It's not that violent! He is the worst frenemy in the world! He's even a book thief.

that "No!" I shriek but he holds it up. With his height versus my height, it is physically impossible to get the book.

He starts walking away but I attack him, jumping on his back. Like he predicted the jump, he doesn't fall to the ground. He just keeps walking. Well, with me hanging from his shoulders.

"My baby!" I whine as I let go and step back onto the floor.

"You'll get this back when you leave." he ensures.

"If you bend even one corner on a page, I will kill you!" I threaten. He just laughs. I find that quite offensive.

As he leaves us, David asks me, "Now what will we read?"



"Lunch should be ready by now" I respond and we head into the kitchen. We eat the meal prepared then go back into the living room. The kids let out a yawn.

I smile at them and say, "Well, it's nap time so why don't we head upstairs?"

They don't say anything as they follow me up.

"James!" I call.

We reach the top step and he steps out of his room, closing the door quickly. "Yeah?" My book is in there...

My book is in there... "It's time for their nap." I tell him. The kids run to him.

"Okay, I'll take them." he smiles and they walk off into one of the many rooms.

When they enter the room, I turn the doorknob of James' room and step inside. It's time to rescue my book. I close the door behind me.

I tip toe into his room and imagine some action movie music. Duh-dum, duh-dum, duh-dum-duh-dum-duh-duuuuum. Then, I stop in awe.

It takes me a second to take in the changes of his room.

The last time I was in his room, it was basically a play room. There was a big T.V. with a bunch of controllers, some arcade games, and toys lying around the floor.

Now, let's just say that I can't recognize it. His walls are now painted a dark navy blue, with the exception of one wall which is stone. His bed is nice and neat, with two nightstands at each side. The arcade games and toys are now gone and replaced with an organised desk and a bookshelf. His sport trophies and medals are also displayed in a large display case.

Forgetting my reason for breaking into his room, I start looking around and staring at pictures on his walls and in the frames.

The biggest picture of all, is a framed one of his family. I smile at the cute picture of the boys when they were younger.

There's another one, consisting of him, Daniel, Logan, and Mark. Then there's one of his first pet, Sam the turtle.

As I look at each photo, one specific one catches my eye. I pick up the framed photograph of him and I dancing together.

No, not slow dancing or anything. We were just dancing side by side when we were little. I remember that the photo was taken during our first ballet recital at the young age of 5.

Yes, believe it or not, James took ballet. With me.

We both hated it, but James looked great in a tutu. He wasn't supposed to wear one, but he didn't want me to feel left out so he wore one too.

As I said, we hated it. So we ruined our first recital when we started jumping around and dancing like crazy. Unfortunately, the little girl who played Cinderella in the play did not get to dance with mini Prince Charming because he was dancing horribly with the mini evil stepsister (moi).

Long story short, we never did ballet ever again.

I almost drop the frame when the door suddenly opens. "Hey! What are you doing in my room?" he asks in confusion.

"Rescuing my book?" I give him an innocent smile and slowly place the frame back down on the table.

He raises an eyebrow, "Really now? So your not sneaking into my bedroom and messing with my stuff." He picks up the frame. "This is supposed to go over..." he trails off when he sees the picture.

There is a moment of silence between us before he breaks it. He bites his lip, "I haven't done my room in a while."

"I can see." I reply sarcastically.

"Uh...do you remember this day?" he asks hesitantly.

"Like it was yesterday." I respond simply.

Out of nowhere, he starts laughing. For the amount of laughing and smiling he does, I should be used to his dimples by now, to the way I smile when I see his genuine happiness...but I'm not. In a way, I'm glad I'm not.

"You were the best evil stepsister."

"I know."

*Tries to do a cool yoga pose and fails*

*Tries to do a cool yoga pose and fails* *Tries to do a cool yoga pose and fails* Hey guys! I hope you guys loved the chapter as much as I loved writing it! I can't believe we're already on the 24th chapter! Don't worry, the story isn't ending anytime soon. There is much in store.... Anyways, I want to thank you all so much for the endless support!!! If you liked this chapter, please give it a vote and leave me a comment! Tell me, my Jara shippers, what do you guys like about James?

Hey guys! I hope you guys loved the chapter as much as I loved writing it! I can't believe we're already on the 24th chapter! Don't worry, the story isn't ending anytime soon. There is much in store.... Anyways, I want to thank you all so much for the endless support!!! If you liked this chapter, please give it a vote and leave me a comment! Tell me, my Jara shippers, what do you guys like about James? Hey guys! I hope you guys loved the chapter as much as I loved writing it! I can't believe we're already on the 24th chapter! Don't worry, the story isn't ending anytime soon. There is much in store.... Anyways, I want to thank you all so much for the endless support!!! If you liked this chapter, please give it a vote and leave me a comment! Tell me, my Jara shippers, what do you guys like about James? -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Tip Twenty-Five: Face Your Fears


"Did you guys have fun?" Mr. Kennington asks the little ones.

"Yeah!" both Hannah and David cheer.

Mr. Kennington takes the kids and their belongings. As they walk out, the kids wave goodbye to James and I. We wave back. It's around 6 now and he picked them up right after they woke up from their nap.

While they were asleep, James and I just talked in his bedroom. It reminded me of old times, when we were close. It was, I can't believe I'm saying this, nice talking to him.

"Have a safe drive!" I call. I close the front door and turn to look out the window. The weather has been utterly ridiculous. The strong winds and heavy raining makes the outside world look like a warzone.

"I should get home too." I tell him.

"Yeah, yeah of course." he replies, shoving his hands in the pockets of his pants. "I'll drive you?" he asks.

"Yeah, that would be really nice. Thank you." It's raining like cats and dogs out there and I do not have an umbrella. Even if I did, it would probably break from the strong wind.

Suddenly, I hear the sound of loud tapping. It continues on and on. Frowning, I look out of the window and see hailstones. They're not quite the size of golfballs but they're getting there.

He turns on the T.V. and flips to The Weather Network. "A hailstorm is expected this evening with thunderstorms to follow into the morning. The GTA is put on alert. Everyone is advised to stay indoors due to flooding."

"A hailstorm is expected this evening with thunderstorms to follow into the morning. The GTA is put on alert. Everyone is advised to stay indoors due to flooding." James walks up behind me and looks out. We look at each other and he shakes his head, "Sorry De la Cruz, I'm not driving you home in this weather."

"I can't just stay here until the storm passes! It's not going to end until tomorrow!" I complain. I look at James but he's already on the phone, ignoring me.

"Yeah...yeah...she's here...okay I'll give it to her." he gives the cell phone to me.

"Hello?" I say into the phone.

"Ara. Mag palipas ka ng gabi diyan. Baka ano pa ang mangyari sa inyo pag nag drive pa kayo." (Ara. Stay there for the night. Something might happen if you guys drive." my dad tells me.

" Okay ."

Okay "Okay. Bye!"

"Bye."

I stick my hand out, handing him back his cellphone. "Well I guess I can stay here until the storm passes."

can I hear someone opening the front door. Tita Gia and Tito Danny run in. "Thank God that all the other cars were in the garage! My car has a huge dent!" she exclaims.

Wow. That hail must be really dangerous if it made a dent in her car.

Tito Danny sees me and waves. Tita Gia realizes that I'm in the room. "Oh! Hon, you need to stay here. It's way too dangerous to go out. I heard that this rainstorm is going to cause quite a bit of flooding."

I nod politely.

"We'll be having dinner in a few minutes." Tita Gia states, heading upstairs to change out of her uniform. As she heads up, someone sprints down the stairs.

"Hey Ate Lara!" Gabe greets. I think he's been upstairs for the whole time that James and I were babysitting.

"Hey! Were you upstairs for this whole day?" I question.

"Yeah. Seb and I were re-decorating our rooms! We ordered a bunch of cool stuff yesterday so we replaced our old stuff with new things. Want to see?"



Woah. My room looks almost the same as it was when I was five. The only difference is the lack of toys and a bigger bed.

Gabe leads me up the staircase and opens the door beside James' room. All I can say is...WOAH. Have you ever looked in an IKEA catalogue? Now, have you ever been to the space museum? Well, if you mix those two together, you have Gabe's bedroom.

"This is amazing." is all I manage to blurt out in awe.

Gabe smiles with pride. "All in a days work."

I enter and look around the kid's room. I swear, their rooms are double the size of mine. There are really cool model planes, science gadgets, and really awesome posters.

I can't help but smile as I see fact sheets on the walls, Starwars posters and a large poster of the T.A.R.D.I.S. from Doctor Who.

Can I adopt this kid? Like, please?

"Here's the best part!" he exclaims, shutting the curtains and closing the lights. At first, I am super confused. Then, stars start to light up on the ceiling.

"This is so freaking cool!" I shout.

"I know! It's glow in the dark paint!" he shouts as well. Can I trade one of my sisters and get him as my bro instead? I'm sure James won't notice when I take Gabe and put Illa in their home. I mean, they are the same age after all.

He turns on the light and we walk out of his room. "Seb's room is almost as great as mine." he tells me. He knocks on the next bedroom

"Come in!" a little voice greets.

Gabe turns the doorknob and we step in to see Seb sprawled on his bed. He sits up and runs to us. I look around his room, finding it just as awesome as Gabe's room.

Unlike Gabe's room, this room is decorated with a much different theme in mind. It's your classic kid room; kids toys scattered everywhere, and bright colors. He has a wooden toy chest full of toys and a shelf with books and stuffed toys. At one corner of the room, there is one of those hanging circular chairs.

Seb grabs my hand and shows me around the room, chattering on about every little detail. Just as he finishes the room tour, Tita Gia calls us down. The boys and I walk to the dining room to see Tita Gia, Tito Danny and James, sitting at the table. I take a seat between Gabe and Seb.

Tim sets the meal on the table, placing down the roasted chicken, mashed potatoes and salad. I look at the food and think, maybe I've died and went to heaven . We all bow our heads in prayer as Seb leads the prayer of thanks.

maybe I've died and went to heaven "Bless us O Lord and these thy gifts which we are about to receive from thy bounty through Christ Our Lord. Amen."

"Bless us O Lord and these thy gifts which we are about to receive from thy bounty through Christ Our Lord. Amen." "Let's eat!" Tito Danny exclaims a second after we finish praying. All of us immediately rip the roasted chicken into pieces and scoop out almost all of the mashed potatoes. I take a little bit of salad as well, but for the most part, it remains untouched.

After, I watch a little T.V. with their family, discovering that they usually talk through the whole episode. I don't understand anything from the episode, but laughing with them is much more fun than watching anyways.

It's about 8:00 when Tita Gia sends Seb upstairs for his bedtime. Shortly after, we all begin to feel tired and head up as well. Realizing that I don't have a toothbrush nor pajamas, I go back downstairs to ask her for some.

"Tita Gia, do you have a toothbru-" I start to ask but she hands me a basket.

She smiles really wide, and she looks so excited to the point where she might start jumping up and down. "Here you go! I've prepared a basket with everything that you're going to need! There's a toothbrush, toothpaste, bath towel, face towel, pajamas-"



I cut her off and chuckle, "Thank you! That's really nice of you."

"Wait there's more!" she exclaims. "There's a cleanser, facial scrub, moisturizer, bath bombs, I didn't know if you wanted to take a bath but I put in a candy apple scented one and some other ones that I don't remember. Oh! There's also this really good avocado face mask that is just amazing!" she rambles on.

"Wow! That's great and all, but I'm only staying for one night. You really didn't have to do all of this." I tell her, pushing a piece of my hair behind my ear.

"Nonsense! After you're done, meet me in the spa room and we'll get our nails done!" she squeals excitedly.

Before I can interject, she runs off. Well then. It looks like I'm going to be stuck in a spa night.

After washing up and changing into the pajamas that consisted of shorts and a large, loose t-shirt, I head to their "spa room".

I walk in and see Tita Gia sitting on a chair, a lady painting her toenails.

"Lara have a seat!" she calls and I sit down next to her.

Instantly, another lady comes and starts scrubbing something onto my toenails.

Tita Gia turns to me, looking so happy that there is a sparkle in her eyes. "I am so happy that you're here! It's always so lonely when I get my weekly spa treatments by myself."

"I'm really happy that I'm here too." I tell her genuinely.

She reaches for my hand and squeezes it. "Your mom is so lucky that she has daughters. I wanted a daughter so bad so I could have times like this. When I was pregnant for the first time, I was certain that I'd have a girl. I was so convinced that everything I bought was for a girl."

I laugh. "So what was your reaction to James?"

"Eh. I mean, I love him but he's not really the best at wearing dresses. It doesn't really compliment his figure." she jokes.

We continue on with our spa night until we finish off with some nice avocado face masks. Pure magic is what I'll call it from now on.

I head over to the guest bedroom, turn on the light, then fall onto the bed. Looking over to the window, I see the rain is getting heavier. They said there would be a thunder storm, but there isn't any thunder yet.

I decide to try and sleep, so I get back up and turn off the lights. Laying in bed, my thoughts can't help but drift off to everything. Instead of sleeping, I end up pondering about my life.

This is the reason for my terrible eye bags.

11:35 p.m.

11:35 p.m. It's been more than an hour since I've been laying in this bed trying to fall asleep. I have this strange problem where I can't sleep anywhere but my own bedroom. Even though I've been to countless sleepovers, I actually never fall asleep.

Which sucks because I need my beauty sleep.

I hear the sound of a roaring thunder outside and witness the room light up from the flash of lightning. The rain still patters on the window, giving me comfort. For some reason, I've always loved thunderstorms. They give me a strange comfort.

strange There is another flash of lightning just as someone knocks on the door.

I face the other direction and close my eyes, pretending to be sleeping.

I hear the sound of the door creaking open and light footsteps in the room. "Hey." he whispers. "Are you awake?"

I respond with a fake snore.



"I know you're awake, De la Cruz." he whispers again.

I fake snore again.

The blanket is moved and I feel the mattress shift beneath his weight. Though I can't see him, I can safely assume that he is laying next to me.

Time to execute plan B1: get rid of intruder.

I snore a little before kicking the space beside me. My foot meets his side and he tumbles off of the bed with a loud thump. I get up and look at him, trying hard not to laugh.

Hopefully that didn't wake anyone up.

"I knew you were awake!" he whisper-yells at me.

"What? No I wasn't!" I lie. "I just randomly kick in my sleep. I also randomly kick and punch."

He gets up and turns on the lamp. He sits back down on the bed. I sit up and sit crossed legged to face him.

"Why are you still awake?" I ask.

He bites him bottom lip, making me feel kind of awkward. He starts to fiddle his fingers, and in the light, I can kind of see him blush.

"I'm scared of thunder...and lightning..." he admits in embarrassment. "There. I'm afraid of thunderstorms. I said it. You can laugh at me."

There is a monstrous silence for a few seconds. "I'm not laughing." I whisper as he looks up at me. "If it makes you feel any better, I'm afraid of bugs."

He rolls his eyes. "Everyone's afraid of bugs."

"I'm even scared of butterflies." I admit, chuckling. When I say that I don't like bugs, I mean all bugs. Butterflies are no exception.

all That makes him chuckle a little. Then, he asks, "Why are you still awake?"

you "I can never sleep anywhere other than my bedroom." I answer truthfully. Another rumble of thunder sends him to hide under the covers.

I slip underneath the sheets as well, and find him with his eyes closed and his hands over his ears, trying to block out the noise.

He opens his eyes and stares at me before saying, "Can I stay here?"

I smile, "The couch is right over there." I point to the couch at the other end of the room.

"Can I please stay here? Literally in this very spot."

"No."

The best part about being single is the fact that you get the bed all to yourself. Think about it! Couples who live together have it the worst. They have to endure someone snoring and trying to imitate a bulldozer, right beside them. They have a limited space and they have to share a blanket.

and Doesn't that sound awful!

Sure, they can tell you things like it's great to cuddle or whatever. But in the summer, when there's a heat wave? They're just putting excess body heat in one place, putting them at a risk for heat stroke or something.

Do you know what's 10 times better than cuddling?

Being able to sleep in freaking starfish positon, climbing salamander position, and any way you want because nobody is in your way.

"Please?" he pleads.

"If you snore or kick or do absolutely anything that will disrupt my beauty sleep, I will throw you off of the bed." I threaten.

"Okay." he responds, but I am not finished.

I take a pillow and place it in the middle of the bed, between us. "No crossing this barrier, or that will cause immediate injury. Understand?"

"Yeah." he replies, laughing a little. "Am I allowed to talk to you until I fall asleep?"

I give him a simple nod.

"Your face looks really nice." he blurts out and I look at him in confusion before he continues, "Did you use the avocado face mask?"

I chuckle. "Yeah. It's a miracle worker."

"I know. Mom tested it on me several times. Why do you think my skin is so flawless?"

"Oh shut up."

And with the talk of avocado face masks, we fall asleep without murdering one another. Maybe the scariest thing isn't spiders but the way I'm starting to feel around him...

Another chapter done bros!!!! *dabs but looks super uncool* So...do y'all like this chapter? Btw, the storm was inspired by a hail storm that happened weeks ago. XD Let me tell you this, if you thought there wasn't going to be drama in this book...you got it all wrong... Mwah-ha-ha-ha-ha! On another note, if you liked this chapter, give me a vote, shoot me a comment, and share with some other crazy friends you have!

Another chapter done bros!!!! *dabs but looks super uncool* So...do y'all like this chapter? Btw, the storm was inspired by a hail storm that happened weeks ago. XD Let me tell you this, if you thought there wasn't going to be drama in this book...you got it all wrong... Mwah-ha-ha-ha-ha! On another note, if you liked this chapter, give me a vote, shoot me a comment, and share with some other crazy friends you have! Another chapter done bros!!!! *dabs but looks super uncool* So...do y'all like this chapter? Btw, the storm was inspired by a hail storm that happened weeks ago. XD Let me tell you this, if you thought there wasn't going to be drama in this book...you got it all wrong... Mwah-ha-ha-ha-ha! On another note, if you liked this chapter, give me a vote, shoot me a comment, and share with some other crazy friends you have! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :) Lara: Your arm is on my side of the bed!

Lara: Your arm is on my side of the bed! Lara: Your arm is on my side of the bed! James: I was almost falling asleep! Why'd you wake me?

James: I was almost falling asleep! Why'd you wake me? James: I was almost falling asleep! Why'd you wake me? Lara: Be thankful that I woke you or else you'd wake up with a broken arm!

Lara: Be thankful that I woke you or else you'd wake up with a broken arm! Lara: Be thankful that I woke you or else you'd wake up with a broken arm! James: Geez! There, my arm is not on your side anymore!

James: Geez! There, my arm is not on your side anymore! James: Geez! There, my arm is not on your side anymore! Lara: Good!

Lara: Good! Lara: Good! "Ok how about I ship them...just for a moment? But I think that would be just lames . XD"

lames Thank you @XxChocolateGirlxX for the comment I've been waiting for.





Tip Twenty-Six: Donuts are Forever


A warm breath creeps upon my cheek when I awaken. The sound of soft, rhythmic, breathing greets my ears. I let out a yawn and shift, but something is wrapped around my waist.

My eyelids fly open and I find myself staring at something grey. Realising that it is a shirt, I tilt my head upwards to see him sleeping peacefully, his arms wrapped around me and my head against his chest. His arms around me make me feel something. My heart doesn't remember how to beat at a normal speed, unlike his, with his heart beating slowly.

"Morning." he croaks, his morning voice still husky. I look up at him, and he gives me a small smile. Oh those dimples are going to kill me.

Oh those dimples are going to kill me. "H-hi." is all I manage to say.

We look at each other for a while, not one of us moving. He doesn't release his hold on me. Maybe I'm not fully awake yet, but I don't want him to. I'm usually very stupid in the mornings. As I stare at his brown eyes, I then realize how absolutely beautiful they are. I see the reason for everyone's attraction to him.

Still mesmerized by his features, I can't help but be frozen.

Seriously, I'm more frozen than Elsa. No, Olaf...and he's a snowman!

He pushes a strand of my hair behind my ear, the feel of his fingertips bristling against my neck, sending something towards the likes of an electrical shock.

Maybe he has some sort of built in tazer?

Shocked, as though I am suffering from a seizure, I fall off of the bed and land with a big thump.

Through the pain, I manage to hear loud, obnoxious, laughter. And ...I want to kill him again. Ugh. I am so stupid for looking at him like, like, that for even a few seconds!

And that "Stop laughing you idiot!" I yell from the ground.

I get up and see him almost crying through chuckles. I roll my eyes.

"Why don't you just come back here and we can get back to cuddling? In fairness, that was very comfortable." he pouts, still laughing.

Heat starts to rise from my neck to my cheeks, painting it a warm shade of pink. Before he can get a chance to make fun of me again, I hop onto the bed, grab a pillow, and start whacking him with it as if my life depends on it.

"Okay! I'll stop laughing!" Ironically, he tells me this while wheezing from laughter.

He hurriedly sits up and wraps his arms around me, trying to stop me from going crazy and maybe murdering him. Pushing his weight on me, he pins me onto the bed. "I'm not planning to die today."

"My original plan was to kill you then dump your body in Lake Ontario, to let you become a useful food source for the fish, but you've already ruined my day." I state.

"Wow. Sorry for that." he smiles.

"You do realize that you're crushing my organs right now, right?" I groan.

He just shrugs and gives me a smug look, "Maybe the tables have turned and I'm going to kill you."

If you keep looking at me like that, you just might.

If you keep looking at me like that, you just might. I scoff. "Please, I could totally take you down." I've done it countless times before, there's no difference between the last time and today.

"Really now?" he challenges, inching his face closer to mine.

His grip on my arms, loosens, then releases me entirely. His hands slowly go up to my face, cupping my cheeks ever so lightly, as if I might shatter into a million pieces. His touch is making me go insane in a thousand different ways. Why am I not doing anything? More importantly, why does this feel so right? He leans forward, closer, and closer. His eyes shut and I think a hundred butterflies are migrating from my stomach to my bloodstream, trying to kill my cardiovascular system.



My hands shoot up to his right arm and using full force, I flip him over.

He opens his eyes and looks at me. I'm note sure what that look is, but maybe it's shock or confusion or both. I smirk, "Too bad I had too prove it to you, but yes, I can take you down."

I get up and walk to the washroom, but not before chucking a pillow at him that lands beautifully on his face.

I shut the bathroom door and press my back against it. Was he going to... No, of course not, he was just teasing you , I tell myself. I kind of hate him, but I kind of don't? I'm just so confused. I go to the sink and splash some water onto my face, trying to splash some sense into myself.

No, of course not, he was just teasing you I've been spending way too much time with him.

I've been spending way too much time with him. I really need to spend some time by myself.

I really need to spend some time by myself. I take a quick shower, brush my teeth, change back into yesterday's clothes, then head back into the room. The bed is now fixed neatly and James is nowhere to be seen.

Following the sound of rustling, I walk downstairs and make my way to the kitchen.

"Morning Lara!" Tita Gia says, then takes a sip from her cup of coffee.

The whole family is seated at the table with the exception of James.

Tito Danny looks up from his newspaper and asks me, "Any requests for breakfast? Tony is already making some scrambled eggs, bacon, and muffins, but we weren't sure if you wanted anything else."

I turn around to see Tony, very focused on making everything.

"I'm good. I'm just going to get myself some orange juice from the fridge." I reply, standing up.

"Oh sit down! We can ask Mary to get it!" she remarks.

"No need, I can get it. It's just over there anyways," I tell her, rejecting the offer.

I continue towards the fridge and pull out a box of orange juice. I pour it into a tall glass, then turn around, crashing into somebody. The juice spills all over his white shirt and I try to apologize but I end up just mouthing the word, "Sorry".

I rush to get some napkins, but he grips my wrist and keeps me from going.

"Don't worry about it. It's just a shirt." he says, giving me a small smile, but it seems forced.

He turns to his family, "I'll be back in two minutes. I'm just going to change." Tito Danny gives him a curt nod.

When he gets back to the room, breakfast is served. As we eat the delicious food, Tito Danny clears his throat and we divert our attention to him. "I just wanted to let you guys know about the banquet next week. It's actually been moved to December because we decided that we wanted to make it as great as it can be. Especially since our rivals are having theirs in that month, we wanted to compete for the investors."

Everyone just nods except Seb, who is just ignoring all the business talk and eating his bacon.

After breakfast, I tell the family that I'm going to go home. Tita Gia asks if I need a ride but I refuse, wanting to walk although it's a bit wet outside.

"See you at school tomorrow!" I wave goodbye at James. He just nods and doesn't even offer to walk with me.

***

The next morning, I sit by the lockers, waiting for anyone to talk to. Maybe not anyone, but someone. I could easily start a conversation with any of the people around, but I'm just waiting for Kiera, or Jasmine, or Carol.



Maybe even James.

I look from right to left, waiting to hear my last name being called out, or some obnoxious laughter and a voice reminding me of some past embarrassing experience.

Instead, I am only greeted by the normal chatter in the hallways.

The weird thing is, although the girls are always busy with their extracurricular activities in the mornings, James is usually just roaming the halls. Seeing that he's not here, I have a feeling that he might not be here today.

I open the group chat with the LKJC and message them, hoping for a response this time.

Me: Hey, where are you guys?

Me: Hey, where are you guys? Jasmine: Running late. I slept in. Ugh.

Jasmine: Running late. I slept in. Ugh. Me: You slept in?? Omg.

Me: You slept in?? Omg. Jasmine: Yeah...I was up late last night studying for that stupid history quiz.

Jasmine: Yeah...I was up late last night studying for that stupid history quiz. Carol: Yo guys...I'm at Krispy Creme!

Carol: Yo guys...I'm at Krispy Creme! Me: I hate you. You went without me?

Me: I hate you. You went without me? Carol: Chill bruh...Mark's not with me. I'll be at school in 10 minutes with a box of donuts for us.

Carol: Chill bruh...Mark's not with me. I'll be at school in 10 minutes with a box of donuts for us. Kiera: Good. I'm at cheer rn and I didn't eat breakfast. I'm so hungry.

Kiera: Good. I'm at cheer rn and I didn't eat breakfast. I'm so hungry. Me: Make sure to get my boston creme!

Me: Make sure to get my boston creme! Carol: Yeah, yeah.

Carol: Yeah, yeah. Jasmine: I'm gonna fail history!!!

Jasmine: I'm gonna fail history!!! Kiera: Oh shush! You always ace everything!

Kiera: Oh shush! You always ace everything! Carol: Okay gtg. I'm about to order.

Carol: Okay gtg. I'm about to order. Me: Bye!

Me: Bye! Kiera: Same. See y'all later!

Kiera: Same. See y'all later! Jasmine: Cya guys!

Jasmine: Cya guys! Me: Bye!

Me: Bye! I then open up my contacts and look for that long, annoying name that I haven't had the time to change. I decide to send him a text too.

Me: Hey! Where are you? I need to hang out with a person (or in this case you) before I go mentally insane from being by myself.

Me: Hey! Where are you? I need to hang out with a person (or in this case you) before I go mentally insane from being by myself. I wait a few minutes but receive no response. Huh.

As I turn off my cellphone, I feel a pang of loneliness. I really, really wish that I wasn't alone right now. I also feel a pang of hunger. Carol better be here with those donuts.

A figure shadows over me and I think, Thank God he's finally here .

Thank God he's finally here "What's up Bryer? Also, could you move? You're blocking the light." I tell him, not looking up.

"Dude, not every tall guy is James."

I look up and unfortunately, I see Xander. He's the last person I want to see today. Honestly, I don't want any annoying guy pestering me right now...unless it's James.

But he's different.

"What are you doing Xander?" I sigh.

"Other than being incredibly handsome and amazing, I'm trying to win your friendship." he states, putting his hands on his hips and smiling.

I roll my eyes. "By standing in front of me and blocking the light?"

"Uh...well no. Anyways, you need a friend like me." He takes a seat beside me, on the floor and I shift to look at him.

"Why would I need a friend like you? I have enough friends who don't want my homework answers." I scoff, crossing my arms.

"Really? Then where are they?" he asks.



"Not here but-"

He raises his eyebrows. "Exactly."

"Look. Just because they aren't here right now, doesn't mean that they're not good friends. They're just a little...preoccupied." I explain, trying not to sound so doubtful.

"Okay then. How many times have you spent time with your friends since you came back?" he poses.

I hesitate then lie, "A lot of times."

"Sure."

What's he even trying to do? You know what? I'm not in the mood to talk to anyone. It's just an off day for me, that's all.

"You know what? I don't need to hear this from you. I trust my friends and I'm going to them right now." I voice clearly, getting up.

I turn to walk away but he grabs my arm. "Wait. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to come off as some friendship breaker...person."

"Well it seemed like that." I respond harshly.

"You just looked upset when I saw you. Do you...maybe need someone to talk to?" he offers, sincerity reflecting off of his tone.

"I'm not upset, okay. I'm fine." I reply.

He laughs, "Ha! You think I'm going to fall for that? Please, girls are never fine when they say, 'I'm fine'."

"Then I'm not fine. I'm okay." I say. I unzip my bag and pull out a granola bar. I really couldn't stomach breakfast before school so now I'm hungry.

"Wanna hear a joke?" he asks and I shake my head no as I chew on the chocolate chip granola bar.

Not caring about my opinion, he goes on, "I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but I changed my mind! "

changed my mind! I almost choke on the granola bar in laughter. "That was so terrible!"

"Then why are you laughing?" he raises an eyebrow.

"Because that was so not funny that it became funny." I laugh.

"Reason number one to have me as a friend: I can make you laugh." he states. I roll my eyes at his attempt to win me over.

"Please. My friends can make me laugh." I protest.

We start to walk in one direction, Xander telling me a bunch of really bad puns that actually make me laugh. We get to the end of the hallway and at the turn, I see James standing there.

I am about to go up and talk to him when I see him lean over and lock lips with a girl. I wait for a second for them to pull apart, or for him to push her off, but it doesn't happen.

2 seconds . Still kissing. My eyes are watering.

2 seconds 5 seconds . Still kissing. My heart decides to fail at being a heart and stops beating.

5 seconds 7 seconds . Damn it! Why are you guys making out. Any sanity or logic I posses drops into the pits of my stomach.

7 seconds And it's not coming back up anytime soon.

Xander catches me staring and waves his hand in front of my face. "Earth to Lara!"

I blink and turn to him. "Woah. You finally got my name right!"

Instead of a cocky remark, he just looks at me with concern. "Are you okay? You seemed kind of, like-"

I wave it off like it's nothing. "Pshhht, I'm fine, I mean, I'm good. I just hate PDA, don't you? Tell me another really bad joke!" I plead, trying to distract myself.

"Um...okay..." He continues with another pun but my mind is nowhere near reality, drifting off into my thoughts.

I am pulled out of my thinking when somebody shouts, "Lara I got the donuts!"

I immediately put on a big grin and run to Carol, who is holding a box of donuts.

If anything, I'll always have donuts.

*Cries*

*Cries* *Cries* Why the freak was he kissing that other girl!!!!! Wait...shouldn't I know because I wrote it? Nah.

Why the freak was he kissing that other girl!!!!! Wait...shouldn't I know because I wrote it? Nah. Why the freak was he kissing that other girl!!!!! Wait...shouldn't I know because I wrote it? Nah. What's up guys? I totally understand if you want to kill me because A) They didn't kiss and B) James is going around with that other girl. Nonetheless, please give this chapter a vote and comment any opinions you guys got about what happened so far! I am trying to work out the next chapters at the moment so see you next week!

What's up guys? I totally understand if you want to kill me because A) They didn't kiss and B) James is going around with that other girl. Nonetheless, please give this chapter a vote and comment any opinions you guys got about what happened so far! I am trying to work out the next chapters at the moment so see you next week! What's up guys? I totally understand if you want to kill me because A) They didn't kiss and B) James is going around with that other girl. Nonetheless, please give this chapter a vote and comment any opinions you guys got about what happened so far! I am trying to work out the next chapters at the moment so see you next week! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :) P.S. Also...15k reads? You guys are miracle workers!

P.S. Also...15k reads? You guys are miracle workers! P.S. Also...15k reads? You guys are miracle workers!





Tip Twenty-Seven: Quit the Denial


Maybe this is the time where I should admit to myself that I don't hate James.

Nor do I dislike him.

See, that part scares the shizballs out of me to the point where I feel like someone just punched me in the gut and I'm about to violently vomit. Sadly, reality has given me the right hook.

For the whole day today, not once did I have a full conversation with him. I mean, a real one. I lay in my bed, not even a little sleep trying to overcome me. All I can think about is how weird he was today.

~~~

Biology class, School-Today



Biology class, School-Today "Hey, I didn't see you this morning." I start, trying hard to start a conversation with him. It feels like I'm trying too hard.

"Hey, I didn't see you this morning." I start, trying hard to start a conversation with him. It feels like I'm trying too hard. He seems dazed, thinking about something else. "Sorry, um, what did you say?"

He seems dazed, thinking about something else. "Sorry, um, what did you say?" "Oh, um, I was just wondering where you were this morning. I sent you a text but I guess you didn't get it." I give a little laugh, trying to hide my disappointment.

"Oh, um, I was just wondering where you were this morning. I sent you a text but I guess you didn't get it." I give a little laugh, trying to hide my disappointment. "Yeah...I guess I didn't get it." he replies, but says no more.

"Yeah...I guess I didn't get it." he replies, but says no more. Yeah, because you were too busy making out with that girl to even check your stupid phone.

Yeah, because you were too busy making out with that girl to even check your stupid phone. "Yo, I was thinking that maybe before our tutoring session today, we could stop by the new pizza place across the street? I heard it's really good and-"

"Yo, I was thinking that maybe before our tutoring session today, we could stop by the new pizza place across the street? I heard it's really good and-" He cuts me off. "About the tutoring, you don't have to do it anymore. I'm getting pretty okay with the curriculum now so...I don't want to waste your time."

He cuts me off. "About the tutoring, you don't have to do it anymore. I'm getting pretty okay with the curriculum now so...I don't want to waste your time." I give him another forced laugh. "You're joking, right? We're only more than 2 weeks in. The hard stuff hasn't even come yet!"

I give him another forced laugh. "You're joking, right? We're only more than 2 weeks in. The hard stuff hasn't even come yet!" He gives me another forced smile. I hate it when he does that. "Don't worry, if I really have trouble, I'll just ask mum to hire a professional tutor."

He gives me another forced smile. I hate it when he does that. "Don't worry, if I really have trouble, I'll just ask mum to hire a professional tutor." I nod and attempt to conceal the sadness that fills my chest.

I nod and attempt to conceal the sadness that fills my chest. "So, um, are you free this weekend? I was hoping that you could help me bake some cookies for a charity fundraiser, since I know you're great at baking." I ask.

"So, um, are you free this weekend? I was hoping that you could help me bake some cookies for a charity fundraiser, since I know you're great at baking." I ask. "Uh...this weekend? Sure, I guess." he agrees, not looking too excited.

"Uh...this weekend? Sure, I guess." he agrees, not looking too excited. "Thanks."

"Thanks." The bell rings and I don't push the conversation any further. Clearly, he isn't going to interact with me today and I'm not going to force him to.

The bell rings and I don't push the conversation any further. Clearly, he isn't going to interact with me today and I'm not going to force him to. ~~~

~~~ You'd think that I'd completely lost my marbles if I said that I'd fallen for a guy in only 2 weeks. Well, I'm not saying that. It's really not that realistic for me to develop feelings like this in such a short period of time.

Anything that I'm feeling is probably a mere infatuation. You know, stupid hormones and stuff.

At least, that's what I'm telling myself.

I do believe that it is impossible for me to feel this way about him after just 2 weeks! But then again, I have such a great belief for feelings coming back, for crushes coming back .

for crushes coming back

I refuse to be in love with him. Again.

Before we were enemies, James and I were actually friends. Great friends. There was one problem. I was sort of, kind of, hopelessly in love with him for literally a huge portion on my life. Being his friend was great, until it wasn't.

Holden was never my first crush, James was. I guess I just looked at Holden's great qualities, trying to push myself to like him instead. I tried so hard to lie to myself that I was over James.

I'd gladly choose to like Holden if I could. But life hasn't really given me a choice, has it?

He broke my heart countless times without knowing it. My heart silently shattered behind the words of:

"You know, I really like her."

"You know, I really like her." "I'm gonna make her my girlfriend."

"I'm gonna make her my girlfriend." "Hey, tell me her favourite colour. I'm going to buy..."

"Hey, tell me her favourite colour. I'm going to buy..." But I could endure that. It wasn't so bad. Sometimes I can make third wheeling into a funny situation, treating it like some joke. Other times, I just can't. Let's just say I've been a third wheel for my whole life.

When we were kids, I had a friend that wasn't Kiera, Jasmine, or Carol. Her name was Eliza, she was nice, pretty, and James' childhood crush. The thing is, she didn't live here. She lived in Niagara Falls and came here on holidays to visit me, her cousin. Though, I always considered her my friend more than her cousin.

He really liked her. The sad thing was, she became less of my friend as she slowly became more interested in him. As time went by, I was practically invisible to the both of them. Her visits to hang out with me, morphed into endless dates with him, where I'd stay home and wonder what they were doing.

really And when we were all together, they'd drift off into an endless conversation, pretending I were nothing but a ghost, while I was left just listening. That's when third wheeling became the worst possible thing that could happen to me.

That was the reason that, little by little, Eliza became nothing but a cousin of mine.

However, that wasn't the reason why my friendship with James collapsed and broke down into shams.

James became an ego maniac since the fifth grade, gaining popularity with every sport he mastered, every team he made. We started to drift apart. When puberty hit him during the summer before highschool, he was long gone. He was with the popular crowd, and slowly, without me noticing, he became distant.

So I hated him.

And obviously with me being myself, I let him know with countless insults and pranks.

He hated me.

I didn't know why, but maybe he just did it out of revenge for the pranks and insults.

We hated each other.

Right now, I'd rather have our hate-hate relationship than what we have now. What do we even have now?

If he just left me for popularity and girls after years of childhood friendship, why would he stay with me after 2 weeks of whatever we had?

That's it.

I'm going crazy.

***

"Lara? Hey Lara, can you hear me?" I am pulled out of my day dream that consists of pizza and fries. Gosh, I am starving.



I haven't been eating breakfast lately. My meals have mostly been at weird times in the day and I've been eating considerably less. I really just can't stomach my food. When I do try to eat breakfast, it usually just makes a U-turn to the toilet.

I should really see a doctor.

It feels like the week has just been dragging on. I can't believe it's still Thursday!

"Sorry, what were you saying?" I apologize to Logan, who is looking at me with concern.

"You look sick." he states. "Or...is it that you're just not wearing makeup today?"

"No offense!" he adds quickly.

I shrug. "Don't worry about me. I'm okay. And Logan, I don't wear makeup. I guess I'm just having an off-day today." I give him a reassuring smile but he seems to panic even more.

"No. No. Daniel! There's something wrong with Lara!" he yells, shaking Daniel.

"Logan, get your hands off me before I break your wrists." Daniel threatens, not looking up from his work.

Logan's hands shoot up and he turns back to me. "Seriously what's wrong with you?"

I frown. "Nothing. I'm just tired. Stop worrying about me."

I stare at my notebook and scribble some things for an english assignment that we're working on. Although, my ideas are practically useless and dumb because of my current state of mind.

Now Daniel looks up and stares at me.

"What?" I ask.

"You're acting strange. Why haven't you snapped at or threatened Logan yet? This is the time of day where you usually try to kill him and Mr. Hunt doesn't notice." Daniel remarks, looking at me like I'm on the verge of death or something.

Mr. Hunt looks up from his laptop and shakes his head. "Oh I notice. I'm just to used to it that I don't bother with trying to preserve Logan's life." he sighs.

"Ouch. I thought we were friends!" Logan exclaims, putting a hand on his heart.

Mr. Hunt opens his mouth to say something, but closes it again and just shakes his head, going back to his laptop.

"Guys, can't it just be that I'm trying to be a nice person?" I tell them.

Their eyes widen and I hear them swear under their breaths. I roll my eyes at their drama and go back to writing stupid ideas for the assignment.

As the class continues, Logan and Daniel don't bother to ask about my moodiness. Instead of writing, I just doodle in my notebook.

My next two classes are with James and I hope he talks to me today. Maybe he was just in a bad mood earlier this week. I wonder what's up with him? I don't know if he's sad, or angry about something. I don't even know if he's okay!

Maybe he has a problem with hanging out with me for too long? What the world has told us, is in fact, lies.

People don't change. They never will.

What am I even saying?

I let out a sigh, causing both Daniel and Logan to look at me with concern. Before they ask what's up, I just randomly blurt out, "I'm just upset that I can't marry Shawn Mendes!" I say it a little too loud that the whole class hears and stares at me. Even Mr. Hunt.

There is a gigantic moment of silence before a girl in the class breaks it with a piercing scream/cry/I don't know anymore, "SAME!"

Then, she runs out of the class in tears.

"Julie, the class hasn't ended yet!" Mr. Hunt yells and stands up to go after her.

"I'll get her." Julie's boyfriend, Isaac announces. He is almost out of the room when we hear him mutter beneath his breath, "I'm never enough for her! It's always Shawn Mendes!"

Everyone's attention drifts to the open door, still a bit shocked from the events that happened so quickly. The bell rings, thankfully, and we all rush out of class.

A hundred different things are swirling through my mind, creating an endless hurricane of thoughts. Part of me is reassuring, saying that James is just being weird and will be back to normal soon. Another part of me is giving me such anxiety that he's ditched me for good and has moved on to the next girl that he can annoy.

The last part of me is growling so loud that I think the vibrations might cause an earthquake so strong that the whole GTA will go down in pieces.

Wait...that's my stomach. Ugh! I'm so hungry!

When I enter the class, everything is the same as yesterday. Mrs. Lewis with her romance novel, kids gossiping and others just trying to drown out the noise with their headphones on.

Still, the familiarity doesn't give me any comfort because I know that when he arrives, I'll be a complete disaster.

I take a seat at my desk. I decide to listen to some music and pull out my earphones. As I scroll through my playlist, I see one of my old favourite songs, "Both of us" by B.o.B featuring Taylor Swift. I decide to listen to it, still remembering the lyrics. It actually calms me down.

The bell for class rings and Mrs. Lewis puts her romance novel down to teach us some biology. "So today-" she starts, but is interrupted by footsteps entering the room.

"Mr. Bryer, tardiness is not accepted in this classroom!" she scolds. Oh damn. Looks like Mrs. Lewis is not having the best day today. All I can think is, Same .

Same "I'm so sorry Mrs. Lewis. I had a test in my first period, and I finished a little late." he explains.

"Take a seat!"

James runs to his seat, beside me as Mrs. Lewis continues on with the lesson.

"Hey, you had a test, in history?" I raise my eyebrow, hoping to get some sort of reaction or start a real conversation.

"Yeah." he whispers, though his tone is bored.

"Didn't your class just have a history test on Monday?"

"Yup."

"And you guys had another one?" I ask in disbelief.

"Yes."

"Where's that whispering coming from!" Mrs. Lewis shouts, clearly annoyed by the chatter.

And that, my friends, is how a teacher can ruin a girl's attempts to reconcile with a frenemy.

I really hate his one-word answers.

Hola!

Hola! Hola! So guys...there wasn't much action in this chapter because I wanted you guys to get a glimpse of her past. Were you guys surprised that she liked James since they were kids? What is happening between those two?!?! Anyways, please give this a vote and comment your thoughts!

So guys...there wasn't much action in this chapter because I wanted you guys to get a glimpse of her past. Were you guys surprised that she liked James since they were kids? What is happening between those two?!?! Anyways, please give this a vote and comment your thoughts! So guys...there wasn't much action in this chapter because I wanted you guys to get a glimpse of her past. Were you guys surprised that she liked James since they were kids? What is happening between those two?!?! Anyways, please give this a vote and comment your thoughts! And here's a meme since this chapter was a little sad...

And here's a meme since this chapter was a little sad... And here's a meme since this chapter was a little sad...

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Lmao so true.

Lmao so true. Lmao so true.





Tip Twenty-Eight: Make Soup for the Sick


Finally it's another Saturday. The amount of tests I had to endure on Friday have sucked the life out of me. I had an english test, a math test, and a biology test! Like, do these teachers have some sort of secret meeting to discuss student torture?

Well, I know Ms. K probably does, considering she admitted it the other day.

Other than life sucking tests, Friday was the day when I finally had the guts to go to the doctor about my stomach. Diagnosis? Well, I don't know if I have much longer.

Eh, just kidding. I just had that horrible and annoying stomach flu. Me being the stubborn girl that I am, I only went to the doctor after I was almost over it. Now, I'm perfectly fine.

I asked James to come over at 11ish to help me with the baking that I'm doing to raise money for SickKids hospital, but it's already noon and he isn't here yet. We must be good now, right?

I take out my cellphone and call him. It rings for quite a while before he finally answers. "Hello?"

"Hey idiot. It's me, where are you? You said you'd help me bake today?" I ask him, trying to sound as normal as possible. I always call him an idiot, keep it cool. Do you know how hard it is to keep your cool when your heart is basically playing trap music with its beat?

He coughs. "I'm sorry. I-I got sick. I have a cold right now so I can't come over. I don't wanna get you sick too."

"Oh okay. I hope you feel better soon!" I try to put some enthusiasm in my voice, but I don't think that I'm hiding my sadness all too well.

"Thanks. See you on Monday." he responds.

"Bye."

"Bye."

The worst thing about this situation is the fact that I am terrible at baking. I am so bad that I've brutally murdered hundreds of cookies in the oven. I really wanted to see him normal today and I thought that having him bake with me was a good idea. Unfortunately, nothing in my life goes as planned.

The only other person that can bake is Jasmine. So, I decide to text her and ask if she's available.

Me: Yo Jas...you got time today?

Me: Yo Jas...you got time today? Jasmine: For what? Is Carol planning something that's almost illegal because I told you guys I don't do that.

Jasmine: For what? Is Carol planning something that's almost illegal because I told you guys I don't do that. Me: What? Ofc not. I need your baking skills.

Me: What? Ofc not. I need your baking skills. Jasmine: Why?

Jasmine: Why? Me: Fundraiser. Can you help? James bailed.

Me: Fundraiser. Can you help? James bailed. Jasmine: I'm available at 7ish. Is that okay?

Jasmine: I'm available at 7ish. Is that okay? Me: Yep. See you at 7!

Me: Yep. See you at 7! Now that that's settled, I can go on with what I wanted to do today. Wait.. I have nothing to do today.

Idea!

The perfect way to get James to act normal again is through food! I mean, everything can be solved with food, right? Since he's probably dying from coughs, I'll make him hot soup.

Subconscious: Uh...you can't cook for life. You literally caused a fire in the microwave-

Okay! I get it! I think about ways to cook soup without setting anything on fire. I start opening a bunch of cupboards in search for ingredients, when my eyes lay upon something miraculous.

Instant cup noodles.

The only thing I have to do with this is boil some water and put it in the cup! Bam! I open the tap and fill the electric kettle with water. Then, I plug the cord in, flip the switch and wait for it to boil.



As I wait, I decide that maybe adding some vegetables and egg would be a good idea. I put the eggs with water on the stove to boil. Meanwhile, I cut up some vegetables.

The switch on the kettle flips off and I know that the water is ready. I pour it into the cup of instant noodles. After a few minutes, the eggs are done boiling and I cut them up into small pieces.

I empty the cup into a glass container for easy carrying. I let the eggs and vegetables sit at the top, in a pleasing design. I may not be able to cook, but I can arrange things really well.

Feeling proud of myself for not ruining anything and for keeping the kitchen in good condition, I place the container of soup in a plastic bag and head out the door.

"Bye Lola Nora!" I shout to my grandma, who is the only one in the house right now. My parents are buying something from Walmart and my sisters are at the mall without me because, and I quote, "We're buying you some wardrobe items because your closet hurts my eyes." Obviously, they didn't want my sense of style to interrupt them.

"Bye!" she yells back.

I walk in the direction of his house, through the rich people neighborhood. All I'm thinking is, That idiot better appreciate my effort in making this! Even though, it is just cup noodles. This is good cooking when it comes to me.

That idiot better appreciate my effort in making this! I ring the doorbell and Ate Kelly, their housekeeper, opens it.

"Ate Kelly! How was your vacation?" I ask.

"Great! Ang ganda sa Cuba!" (Great! It's so pretty in Cuba!) she replies.

"Where's James? May ibibigay lang po ako." (Where's James? I just have something to give.) I tell her, holding up the plastic bag.

"Nasa quarto." (In his room.) she says, and I head up to his room.

I knock on his door and receive no answer. Assuming that he's probably asleep, I'll just leave the bag in his room and steal a piece of paper to write a note. I slowly open the door, and it lets out a creak. I step inside and see him.

Sitting on the bed.

Kissing a girl.

No, not the same one from the hallway, if you must ask.

I just want to walk out of here and save my vomit. I've seen this so much already that I should be used to it. I should. I've seen him kiss and flirt, all while rolling my eyes to hide any hurt. So why can't I do it now?

I put my hand on the doorknob, ready to show myself out the door when I knock over something, causing him to break the kiss with the girl and look over to where I'm standing.

"Sorry." I mutter, looking at the picture of the two horrible dancers and return the frame to it's position.

James and the female look at me. The female glares at me, probably mad that I interrupted their steamy make-out session. James bites his lip and he looks away from my gaze, probably embarrassed from having an audience. Part of me wants to kick that chick out of the freaking window, but the other part of me wishes that James was with me instead of her.

"James. I-uh," I force a small smile and hold out the plastic bag. "I brought you some soup...for your cold. I'm so glad to see that you're doing better."

so I place the soup on his desk. "Oh yeah, I hope you know that you're probably still contagious." Then, I turn to the girl and smile. "I truly hope you don't catch any bugs."

I get out and slam the door. My foot is already on the step when I feel an arm holding me back. He turns me to face him. I look him in the eye, my eyes starting to glisten unwillingly. Don't cry, don't cry .

Don't cry, don't cry

"Lara I can explain-" he starts.

I push his arm away and laugh, another forced one. "You don't have to explain anything. What am I? Your girlfriend? We're not even friends!" The reality breaks everything inside of me. A teardrop escapes from my eye and I hastily wipe it off with my jacket sleeve.

"I-"

"Don't worry. I'm not affected by anything. Just be glad that as an aspiring doctor, I have the heart to care for people who are sick."

"I'm sorry." he whispers, his voice hoarse.

"You know what? I'm not even mad about you flirting with anything with boobs. We scheduled something and I needed your help! I don't understand why you would just blow me off like this!" I shout, though trying hard not to. The truth is, the hurt of seeing him with another girl was a hundred times more painful than him ditching me.

I wait for him to say something else. When he doesn't, I turn around with tears beginning to fall. I run down the stairs and out of the house.

Maybe I stop thinking, maybe it's because my mind keeps travelling in circles wondering where I went wrong. My heart starts beating fast, my feet hitting the ground rapidly as I run. My lungs feel like they're crushing and crumpling into a ball, yet at the same time, tearing apart. Still, I don't stop. I run as if the ground is on fire. Maybe the situation is worst than that. My brain feels like it's about to explode with every thought pushing the walls, trying to escape. All I can think about is escape.

Escape.

Escape.

Escape.

My legs can't take it anymore, giving up and letting me fall into a crouch on the sidewalk, even though my mind tells me to run faster, to go as far away as possible. I can't. The tears start to fall and I wipe them away. They begin to morph into uncontrollable sobs, taking the away the air from my lungs.

Why am I even crying? I'm used to this. I'm not supposed to cry. I'm supposed to be the happy one. The funny one. The strong one.

I stop sobbing when I feel something wet on my cheek. I open my eyes to see a familiar golden retriever. I look up and see Xander, who is looking at me with worry.

"Need a friend?" He sticks his hand out and helps me to my feet.

I shrug. "Maybe."

"Why were you crying?" he asks softly, handing me a handkerchief.

"I wasn't." I deny. "I was sweating through my eyes."

He scoffs. "Yeah right."

"I was! I was exercising so hard that the sweat just came pouring out of my eyes!" I exclaim.

He laughs before saying. "Let me walk you home. I don't want to see you sweating through your eyes anymore."

I nod and this time, I let him be a friend to me.

We get to my house and Xander gives me the space that I ask for.

***

I lock myself in my room with only a bowl of some tasteless popcorn to comfort me. Yeah...I should really buy some tasteful food instead of stealing low-calorie snacks from the twins' room.

I turn on some depressing music and lie down on the floor dramatically because, how else am I supposed to hypnotize myself into forgetting the past 16 years of my life? My postion makes me feel even more depressed at first, but then I begin to realize how familiar this seems.

I stare at the ceiling, thinking about which movie has a similar scene like this when I finally realize that I am reenacting Lilo&Stitch ! The thought puts a little smile on my face, however I quickly go back to feeling absolutely nothing.

Lilo&Stitch If you would call an endless pit of melancholy nothing, that is.

The tears have stopped for a while, but I feel them coming back. I turn my head to the side and let the little drops of water trickle down the side of my face and create a little puddle on the wooden floor.

I open my eyes and see a box, underneath my bed. I gradually sit up then reach to get the box. Carefully removing the lid, I look at a bunch of nice notebooks. When the familiarity settles in, I start to go through the pages.

My diaries.

There are three full notebooks of words from my daily life. I kind of went through an emo phase during the ages of 12-14. I read the pages of my past memories, laughing at my dramatic entries and tiny problems that felt like the end of the world.

After what seems like hours, I reach the middle of the last diary and find an envelope. I read the outside of the envelope:

To James

To James I gently open the envelope, careful to not rip it, then pull out a folded piece of lined paper. I unfold it and start reading it. The date is from 2 years ago at this time of year.

Dear James,

Dear James, I'm pretty sure that I'm over liking you.

I'm pretty sure that I'm over liking you. "Liar." I say out loud.

I knew it was impossible from the start. You are a player. You date the popular girls. The pretty, sexy, trendy girls. You are Mr. Popularity. I guess I thought that I stood a chance because I knew you...I saw you, before you were ever Mr. Popularity, Mr. Hockey star, Mr. Teen heartthrob. I knew you since we barely knew how to walk. When you held your hand out to help me get down to the lake, when we ran on the boardwalk, when we did ballet. It seems like an eternity ago, doesn't it? Maybe I knew you before, but now it's like looking at you through a puddle of muddy water.

I knew it was impossible from the start. You are a player. You date the popular girls. The pretty, sexy, trendy girls. You are Mr. Popularity. I guess I thought that I stood a chance because I knew you...I saw you, before you were ever Mr. Popularity, Mr. Hockey star, Mr. Teen heartthrob. I knew you since we barely knew how to walk. When you held your hand out to help me get down to the lake, when we ran on the boardwalk, when we did ballet. It seems like an eternity ago, doesn't it? Maybe I knew you before, but now it's like looking at you through a puddle of muddy water. Impossible.

Impossible. I guess you became another person when I wasn't looking. And you left me behind.

I guess you became another person when I wasn't looking. And you left me behind. I wasn't ready for that.

I wasn't ready for that. They say that people change. I can accept that. However, it still seems to me that you didn't change for you. You changed for them.

They say that people change. I can accept that. However, it still seems to me that you didn't change for you. You changed for them. Everyday I miss you. The you I used to know. The you that I thought would end up with me. I guess I need to grow up, huh? Know that reality is not my dreams? I'm sorry, but I think I might be in love with you.

Everyday I miss you. The you I used to know. The you that I thought would end up with me. I guess I need to grow up, huh? Know that reality is not my dreams? I'm sorry, but I think I might be in love with you. Isn't that just the craziest thing?

Isn't that just the craziest thing? Sincerely,

Lara

Sincerely,

Lara *Sobs*

*Sobs* *Sobs* Y'all can kill me for another sad chapter...

Y'all can kill me for another sad chapter... Y'all can kill me for another sad chapter... I honestly felt so freaking sad when I wrote this. Whenever I write, here's a little fact:

I honestly felt so freaking sad when I wrote this. Whenever I write, here's a little fact: I honestly felt so freaking sad when I wrote this. Whenever I write, here's a little fact: So I put myself in the mc's shoes and get myself feeling exactly the way they are. So when I was writing, and before I wrote this, I was legitimately in my room, staring at the ceiling, and almost crying as if someone broke my heart. So yeah...

So I put myself in the mc's shoes and get myself feeling exactly the way they are. So when I was writing, and before I wrote this, I was legitimately in my room, staring at the ceiling, and almost crying as if someone broke my heart. So yeah... So I put myself in the mc's shoes and get myself feeling exactly the way they are. So when I was writing, and before I wrote this, I was legitimately in my room, staring at the ceiling, and almost crying as if someone broke my heart. So yeah... Just a little fact about your loser author. XD

Just a little fact about your loser author. XD Just a little fact about your loser author. XD What did you guys think about this chapter anyways? What is wrong with James lately? Do you guys still believe in Jara...or are you guys moving on? Please give this a vote and comment and a share! Also, let's hope that my current writer's block goes away! And thanks for passing 20k reads and getting this to 38 in humour today!!!!

What did you guys think about this chapter anyways? What is wrong with James lately? Do you guys still believe in Jara...or are you guys moving on? Please give this a vote and comment and a share! Also, let's hope that my current writer's block goes away! And thanks for passing 20k reads and getting this to 38 in humour today!!!! What did you guys think about this chapter anyways? What is wrong with James lately? Do you guys still believe in Jara...or are you guys moving on? Please give this a vote and comment and a share! Also, let's hope that my current writer's block goes away! And thanks for passing 20k reads and getting this to 38 in humour today!!!! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :) Well dang...sorry for that eternal author's note.

Well dang...sorry for that eternal author's note. Well dang...sorry for that eternal author's note.





Tip Twenty-Nine: Keep the Girls by Your Side


"Lara!" Jasmine shouts when she bursts into my room and sees my lifeless body on the ground.

She crouches and turns my face, probably checking if I'm still alive. Maybe taking a long nap on the ground wasn't the best idea because my chest is sore.

"Am I dead yet?" I ask, no expression in my voice. I stare at her and her facial expressions screams, What the freaking heck?

What the freaking heck? She looks confused. "What happened to you?"

"Well...I took a very long nap on my bedroom floor and now my chest is hurting like crazy." I get up and sit down, taking a deep breath that fills my lungs that are tired from breathing through sobs...and from lying on that hard floor. "Huh. I'm actually really hungry too."

Worry washes over her face and before she says anything to the likes of "what's wrong?", I laugh and act like the optimist that I am. "Let's get going! Those cookies aren't going to bake themselves!"

She holds me back before I can get out of my room. I try not to look at her as my chest starts to become heavy again, I don't want to cry again. Still, the tears come and she gives me a hug, not saying anything because she probably doesn't even know what to say. Her hug is tight is caring, much like the ones I've given her and my other friends. I'm usually the one who comforts, not the one being comforted. I can't even remember a time where I ever cried in front of my friends. They have in front of me, but I never have.

This is the first time so many people have seen me cry. How embarrassing.

Scratch that, I'm just sweating through my eyes.

"I think we need to have an LKJC meeting." she states, as I sob into her shoulder. How is it possible to get over someone who wasn't even yours to begin with?

***

"So you're telling us that you think you might like James? The guy who literally embarrassed you on the first day of school?" Kiera repeats for the third time.

"The guy who you've hated since...forever?" Jasmine continues.

"Yo, is this some sort of prank? 'Cause Kiera told me about that pregnant-girl-California-thing that you and James pulled on her. I can't believe you didn't include me on that one!" she exclaims, hitting my arm.

I laugh when I go back to that funny day. Daniel was so triggered. "I would've included you, but you were too busy with Mark." I scoff.

She shrugs in agreement. "True. But I think we got out of that lovey-dovey-at-all-times phase now, so we won't be acting like that 24/7."

"Thank goodness." I sigh.

"Off topic!" Kiera shrieks. "So what's this about you liking James?"

I dramatically fall onto the bed. "I don't know. He's just...always there. Lately, I've been getting butterflies around him and...I feel really bad when I see him with other girls." I purposely don't mention my past crush on him because I don't want to shock the girls too much.

"I knew she was going to like someone at some point." Jasmine scoffs. "Logan was so right."

We all stare at her, dumbfounded.

"What? What was Logan ever right about? He thought Brazil was in Europe!" Kiera shouts, emphasizing that Logan really isn't the brightest. His kindness makes up for it though.

I roll my eyes. "So what do I do?" Honestly, I'm in a crisis right now because I don't know what is happening! I'm supposed to be bitter and single! Frankly, I kind of like being bitter and single! Now, I'm just single and I feel like someone just stepped on me and crushed my head onto the cement with their foot!"



"You have two options. You can either tell him how you feel or-" Jasmine starts but Carol interrupts.

"Forget about him by taking a nice vacation to Mexico!" Carol finishes.

"That wasn't what I was going to-"

"But I've already been there! I'm thinking Hawaii instead so I can see Mauna Loa." I tell her. I went to Mexico last year for spring break with my family. The beaches were beautiful.

"Guys!" Kiera yells. I turn to her and she puts a hand on my shoulder. "You just need to be straight up about it. Say, 'James, I like you' and get it over with."

"But-"

"I know it's hard to put yourself out there when you don't know if the person likes you back, but it's the only way to find out."

"I-"

"It's okay if you're scared. That's normal."

"Okay but-"

"If he doesn't like you for you, then he's missing out. You're amazing and anybody would be lucky to have you."

Wow. When did Kiera get all sentimental? You'd have thought that a girl who hates romance movies would not be all sappy like this.

"You guys are so funny! Lara's literally a terror!" Carol chuckles while shoving a handful of popcorn in her mouth. "If James took her on a date, she'd probably get into a fight with a complete stranger or him!"

I throw a piece of popcorn at her, which she simply catches in her mouth.

"Besides," I continue, "Just because I like him doesn't mean that I'm going to brush off everything. He ignored me for the whole week for no reason! He ditched me to make out or do whatever with some girl!"

Carol frowns. "I think we should kill him."

All of our heads turn and Kiera, Jasmine and I, wear the same worried expression on our faces.

"Carol-" Jasmine throws her a warning look that she ignores. Carol stands up and smiles evily.

She clasps her hands together, and her eyes light up. Shizballs , that's her idea face. Whatever comes after her idea face is never good. "You remember when I redecorated my room last month?"

Shizballs Jasmine gulps then croaks, "Uh huh."

"I still have the drill, hammer, and some extra wood!" Carol chuckles like some evil scientist.

"O-kay..." Kiera says, baffled by our friend's obsession with violent items.

"I have a plan." Carol gets up and makes a beeline to the door. As if I were a professional runner, I sprint and tackle her like a football player.

Ugh. I think I cracked something.

"No!" I yell as we tumble to the ground. "I may be mad at him but you can't kill him!"

Carol groans from beneath me, "Ugh, why?"

"You'll have no friends in prison." Kiera states.

"So?"

"You'll be lonely." Jasmine adds.

"And?"

"The food in jail sucks." I tell her and she gasps.

"What was I thinking? I can't kill him and sacrifice fried chicken!" she shouts in terror. I think this might be the phrase that I've been repeating to myself to prevent me from killing a lot of annoying people at school.

"How about we forget about this for a while and start with those cookies. The fundraiser is tomorrow and I really want our chocolate chip cookies to be the best." I get up from the ground and help Carol up, who is groaning in pain.



"Trust me, with my baking skills, everyone will be lining up at our booth. We're going to raise the most money, I'm sure of it," Jasmine states confidently. It is true though, she's an amazing baker. She can make anything taste like it came from a 5 star café. "But cookies are kinda basic. Everyone will have those. Let's make red velvet cupcakes instead!"

I nod. "That sounds good." Ha, I wasn't going to do the baking anyways.

"Oh, how about we also make those M&M brownies! Those things are absolutely delicious!" Kiera squeals. Kiera doesn't really bake, but she can make killer brownies. It's kind of her specialty.

We head downstairs and at the bottom of the staircase, I see my sisters standing there and staring me down. What? What did I do this time! I look to Brook then Bree then Illa.

Illa is carrying a giant plastic bag from Forever21 and Bree is carrying two bags from H&M and Brandy Melville. They said they'd get a new wardrobe for me, but I thought it was a joke. I am about to ask them why they bought so much stuff when my eyes lay upon Brook who is holding a bag from Victoria Secret.

Oh fish. No.

"Uh...is that for me?"

Brook rolls her eyes. "Consider it your Christmas present. From all three of us."

I glance at my friends who look just as shocked as me. Well, not Kiera. I'm pretty sure she's fighting the urge to squeal because she has been persuading me to dress fashionably for years now. It's not that I'm not girly, it's just I'm too lazy to look good. I would pin a thousand cute outfits on Pinterest, but in real life I'd just wear the same few outfits each week. I swear I have good fashion sense.

fashionably I step down and grab something from the Victoria Secret bag. I dig up a black bra and hold it up. The padding may as well be mattress considering how thick it is. "A push up bra? Really?"

Bree shrugs while Brook says,"There's more where that came from. Let's face it, you have a uni-boob, your boobs are almost non-existent, and the fact that you only wear non-padded sports bras makes it a thousand times worse."

Well ouch.

"Damn." Illa says, breaking the monstrous silence that followed Brook's statement.

"Anyways, you'll need a real bra to pull off these outfits so here." Brook hands me the bag followed by the other two handing me more bags filled with clothes.

I look inside the bags to find different tops, pants, jackets, skirts, and dresses. Along with that are many accessories and some cute shoes.

"Wow! Thank you!" I look in awe at the wonderful clothes. "I hold a pair of earrings up to my ear then ask, "But where did you get the money from?"

"We sold all your clothes." Bree replies bluntly, picking at her nails.

"WHAT!" I shout in shock.

My sisters have done crazy things before, like throwing sports items at me with the phrase, "Think fast!" They've also embarrassed me in front of countless people, drew on my face while I was asleep, and stole so many of my belongings that I can't even remember what's gone missing!

One time, Brook and Bree chopped off a lock of my hair! It was also before my aunt's wedding!

When nobody answers, I yell again. "You sold all of my clothes?"

all Illa gives me an innocent smile. "Not all of them. I told them to keep your favourite items like your team jerseys, and a few of your hoodies."

all I exhale. Try not to kill them, try not to kill them.

"I can't believe people actually bought your clothes! I was convinced we'd have to burn them." Brook snickers.

"I'm the one who took the lighter out of her hand." Bree tells us.

Kiera takes the bags from my hands. and sets them down on the stairs. She put her hand in one and fishes out a cute army jacket. Suddenly, she begins to giggle. "Lara this is great! You'll show up at school on Monday, slaying in all these outfits!"

Carol snorts. "We all know she's just going to wear the same hoodies over and over again."

Eh. I can't deny that. That was actually my plan.

I hear Brook mutter, "I knew we should've sold those too."

Kiera ignores everyone and keeps talking. "What I mean is, the guys will totally notice your new look! With that, Mr. Jameson Bryer will surely get jealous and realize what a jerk he was and feel even guiltier!"

I really don't think that's a good idea. I mean, even if that does end up happening, that's not going to solve whatever's going on between him and I. I just can't understand how he can just change all of a sudden. One minute, he's trying to kiss me (I think), the next minute, he won't even talk to me!

"That's not going to help anything." Jasmine responds, reading into my thoughts like she usually does.

"Don't you want revenge? Listen, I know you like him and all, but he blew you off with no excuse." Kiera explains. I do like the sound of revenge but this doesn't seem like a very good plan.

"This isn't exactly revenge."

"Listen to me. Showing a guy what he let go is the best revenge anyone could ever get." Kiera smiles wickedly and nods as she looks me in the eye.

The moment is interrupted by my little sister that I forgot was in the room. "Hold up!" she shouts, holding a hand up in the air for emphasis. "You like James? And he did something to you? And you didn't tell me?"

I roll my eyes in response to her. That's Illa for you, always wanting to be a part of all the drama.

"Well then, you've got to try on all those outfits now! We're not letting you leave this house not looking fabulous." Brook states, hands on her hips and her face in all seriousness as if she were in the military.

"Uh...I'm not leaving the house-"

"I said try them on!" she yells.

"But we need to bake-"

"Go!"

I shoot my friends a "please help me" look and Jasmine just smiles. "Don't worry, we got this." she says and they head of into the kitchen.

I trudge upstairs with the clothes and my only hope is that this won't take all night. I peek inside the bags and sigh.

This is going to take forever.

Guys. Yep, a filler chapter. So I know I left you guys off with the whole,

Guys. Yep, a filler chapter. So I know I left you guys off with the whole, Guys. Yep, a filler chapter. So I know I left you guys off with the whole, "JAMES-IS-SUCH-A-FREAKING-JERK-AND-WE-HATE-HIM-SO-WTF-IS-GOING-TO-HAPPEN-NEXT-WITH-MY-SHIP-NO-PLEASE-UPDATE" kind of chapter...

"JAMES-IS-SUCH-A-FREAKING-JERK-AND-WE-HATE-HIM-SO-WTF-IS-GOING-TO-HAPPEN-NEXT-WITH-MY-SHIP-NO-PLEASE-UPDATE" kind of chapter... "JAMES-IS-SUCH-A-FREAKING-JERK-AND-WE-HATE-HIM-SO-WTF-IS-GOING-TO-HAPPEN-NEXT-WITH-MY-SHIP-NO-PLEASE-UPDATE" kind of chapter... So sorry if I disappointed you guys with there being zero James and explanations. But you know what they say, "You don't need llamas for drama." Yeah...nobody says that and I just made it up right now.

So sorry if I disappointed you guys with there being zero James and explanations. But you know what they say, "You don't need llamas for drama." Yeah...nobody says that and I just made it up right now. So sorry if I disappointed you guys with there being zero James and explanations. But you know what they say, "You don't need llamas for drama." Yeah...nobody says that and I just made it up right now. But things shall come at the right time. And when they do, buckle your seatbelts and get your tissues ready because you might have to clean up the water when you do a spit-take. Remember to vote and comment your thoughts!

But things shall come at the right time. And when they do, buckle your seatbelts and get your tissues ready because you might have to clean up the water when you do a spit-take. Remember to vote and comment your thoughts! But things shall come at the right time. And when they do, buckle your seatbelts and get your tissues ready because you might have to clean up the water when you do a spit-take. Remember to vote and comment your thoughts! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Thirty: Have Comfortable Shoes


"I present to you, Cinderellla..." Brook starts to announce.

"...after the magic..." Bree continues.

"...of her fairy godmother-erm sisters." Illa finishes.

I take a step down from the staircase, one hand clutching the handle of a pastel pink purse from Kate Spade and the other holding onto the railing for dear life.

Whoever invented high heels must be mentally insane or initially made those things as a form of torture during the times of execution.

There is a loud gasp-coming from Kiera who is looking at me like I just won a nobel prize-then silence that follows after it. Well, at least I think that's what Kiera's expression is. I'm a step away from an impending death due to the heels of doom and my lack of eyesight.

Where the heck did my sisters put my glasses!

"You look...wow." Kiera finally says breathlessly.

"Yup." Jasmine agrees.

"How is James supposed to be in awe of your beauty if he can't even recognize you?" Carol laughs and I feel a sudden pang of fear. Do I really not look like me anymore? Frankly, I haven't even looked in the mirror.

I think my sisters made it that way so I wouldn't claw their eyes out when I saw myself looking like some teen fashion icon that only posts duck-face selfies on instagram.

"D-d-do I really look that different?" I ask them, hoping that I don't look like a complete Barbie doll.

They all laugh, then Carol gives a serious remark. "If I saw you in the mall, I wouldn't even recognize you. Hell, I'd probably think you were a celebrity!"

My brows furrow and I make my way to the mirror to see what all the fuss is about. I see a blurry reflection of myself, clearly not recognizing the girl in the mirror. She's just so...blurry. I squint, trying to make out my features, when Illa hands me my glasses.

"I think you might need this."

I roll my eyes. "Oh really?" I reply sarcastically. I've had glasses since the second grade. Do they really think I can go on without them?

I put them on and there is another episode of gasping.

"It is you!"

"Wow you look like you again!"

"Now I can recognize you!"

I slap myself in the face. So it wasn't the makeover that made me unrecognizable. Just my glasses. Well, to be fair, everyone is so used to me wearing glasses that they can't imagine me without them. Even I can't imagine myself with contacts! It's like my glasses are a part of who I am.

As I take a good, clear look at my reflection, I can't help but fall in love with the outfit that my sisters put together for me. The black skater dress along with the golden accessories really made me feel pretty. Another thought that I had was how it looked like I finally had boobs. I guess not wearing a sports bras and instead wearing actual bras does make a difference.

does Still not giving up on the sports bras though.

But what I notice the most is the way the features of my face have become more defined to the point where I actually look like...not a complete zombie. A kind of look beautiful.

Not that I wasn't beautiful before, because we can all see that I slay no matter how terrible I seem to look.

Subconscious: Really? Like that time where you...

Shut up!

Though the makeup is very light, it does make a little difference. My lashes are more noticeable and much longer. I think it was because of that black goo that they covered my lashes with. The other stuff just makes my features more defined.



The only thing I don't like about this is that it's not really me . The clothes are definitely my style...but the heels? The makeup? Sure I look nice, but I don't look like me. I look like one of those Instagram models who post a thousand selfies and showcase their "OOTD" to their thousands of followers.

me I turn back around to face the girls. I'll just go ahead and say it. "I love it."

They squeal. Well, all except Carol who is intensely tapping on her phone screen and frowning like she's solving a math problem. She's probably playing Candy Crush. Hope her phone doesn't break.

I remember one time, I was eating and reading at the same time. Worst mistake of my life. I was eating spaghetti, and I got to the part of the book where the leading guy said some pretty nasty things to the main character. Needless to say, I may have accidentally stabbed my cell phone with a fork.

I readers life is quite a difficult one.

"But..." I continue and the girls groan, knowing that whatever comes after the word "but" is usually not good.

"But it's not me." I finish, staring at the cement floor.

Brook sighs and sticks her hand out. "Of course it's not. You're wearing my heels. Give 'em back."

"What!" I exclaim

"Yeah Bree talked me into giving them to you in an effort to change your style and maybe you know even hurt you if you actually fell down the stairs because of those heels"

Well ouch. I knew that Bree could be very very violent but I didn't know that she would go as far as to wish me to trip in 6-inch heels. Actually maybe I did. It does sound like something she would do. I hear Bree laughing in the background, sounding like a crazy hyena.

"Okay guys let's give her the sneakers," Illa tells them.

Sneakers? They bought me sneakers? Thank the Lord.

Illa skips upstairs, probably getting the sneakers that they bought me. In my head, I hope that they're comfortable and maybe that they're the new Converse that I've wanted since last year.

When Illa reaches the bottom of the stairs, I stare at the white shoes that she holds in her arms.

"So do you like them?" Illa asks holding the new pair of white Converse in front of me. I am left speechless as I stare at the new shoes. Is it just me or am I feeling like Cinderella?

With sneakers instead of glass torture devices.

"Yeah obviously I love them! These are the shoes that I've wanted since last year!"

I try them on and they fit perfectly. Maybe this makeover thing wasn't such a disaster after all.

Everyone is about to disperse and head back into the kitchen when I cough loudly, gaining their attention. "You guys do realize that you used all this makeup on me at 10 o'clock at night and that I'm going to take it off in a few minutes, right?"

Brook and Illa (The makeup loving duo) look at each other in horror. "NOOO!" they scream in unison, dramatically falling on their knees, onto the ground.

***

The next morning, I finish frosting the last of the red velvet cupcakes and place them inside of the cardboard box. Frosting is literally the only thing that I can do without burning anything into ashes.

Jasmine got the cupcakes done, while Kiera made the wonderful M&M brownies. Carol...well, she also helped. She taste tested the sweets.

We kind of had to stop her from "testing" all of them.



The girls ended up sleeping over last night after a long night of baking. Good thing we were at my house, because I wouldn't be allowed to sleep over anywhere without early notice. Unless there was another hail storm.

I let out a deep breath, remembering that night. Why does he affect me like this?

Why does he affect me like this? The problem is that I know why he afftects me, and I don't like it. They should make a febreeze for feelings to be whisped away and replaced with a nice scent.

I glance down at my watch, checking the time.

9:45 a.m .

9:45 a.m The bakesale would be starting at noon, after the 10:30 mass. The church we attended Sunday mass at always held charity fundraisers once a month. Last month, they had a sale of handmade jewellery, rosaries, other crafts to raise money to help the Syrian refugees that were coming into the country. I had painted a couple paintings that were sold as well.

"It's quarter to 10." I tell my dad, who is coming down the staircase. It seems like everyone is already dressed up for church. My sisters are in the living room, on their cellphones, while my friends are already gone. They headed early to the church to save a spot.

"Then we should get going." he says. He grins, causing the skin beside his eyes to wrinkle. I give him a smile back and he approaches me, laying a hand on my shoulder. "Are you okay, Ara?"

Everyone has been asking that all week. Mostly my mom. She accused me of lying to her about my feelings, but I denied it straight away.

I decide to be honest for once and tell my dad the truth. I shake my head. "Not really."

He pulls me in for a hug. Which is weird. My parents have never been the kind to really talk about "feelings". They're not the kind of parents who say things like, "How was school?" or "I love you." all too often. They don't bud in with social problems or ask about your crushes.

Nonetheless, I know that they care. They might not say "I love you." every night, but they know how to make your favourite soup when you're sick, and they never let you skip a meal.

"I haven't seen James in a while...are you guys okay?" he asks, worried.

"Not really." I try to say but it comes out more like a whisper. "We're not really okay."

"Don't worry. He's a nice boy and I have faith in him. But most of all, I have faith in you. You guys will figure it out."

He squeezes my shoulders, reassuringly, and I laugh a little. "Dad...ba't inenglish nyo pa? Parang hirap na hirap kayo eh." (Dad...why'd you say it in english? It was like you were having trouble eh.)

He rolls his eyes and turns around to grab his car keys from the kitchen counter. "Nag moment pa tayo. You just ruined it." (We just had a moment. You ruined it.)

He loads the boxes into the car and the family heads off to church. When we get to the church, we carry the boxes of sweets into the courtyard many people are setting up their tables. The weather is great for today. The sun is shining and it's not too cold. Perfect. I look around, trying to find a vacant spot when I see Kiera, Jasmine and Carol waving us over.

"We saved a table!" Carol says in triumph.

The set-up doesn't take us too long, and it doesn't take as long before we head out of the hall and make our way to one of the pews. The mass starts off with a wonderful song sung by the kid's choir and ends off the same way.

By noon, the preparations for the bake sale are long over and the people are crowding around, lining up at various stands to buy treats for a good cause. Though, our booth seems to be doing very well. We have a huge line-up! I mean, who wouldn't want our M&M brownies and cupcakes?

Kiera is up at front, selling to the people with a huge smile on her face. Being a cheerleader, being peppy and cheerful is kind of her thing, which is attracting everyone. Carol is behind the register, taking the money and handing out change. Then there's me and Jasmine...

Our goods are selling like crazy to the point where we're running out of them. We got permission to use the small kitchen and now she's doing extreme baking while I'm doing extreme frosting.

We finally finish a batch and I bring them out to the table.

I am setting the cupcakes on the rack when a deep voice begins to speak to me. "Hey, can I buy a cupcake?"

I don't look up as I respond with, "Sure! Just go to the blonde girl and she'll give you one."

"Can I have the one that you're holding?" the voice asks, as I am trying to strategically place the cupcakes in the rack.

I laugh, still not looking up, "Sir, all the cupcakes taste the same."

"But I want the one that's in your hand."

To make the persistent guy go away, I place the cupcake on the table. "You can pay over where the girl with the long braid is."

"Hm...this actually tastes good. You didn't bake this, did you?" the voice says and this time I'm fighting back the sass that is creeping up my throat, wanting to spit fire at him.

"How would you know what my baking tastes like? You don't even know," I look up to glare at him but my expression twists into something to the likes of shock. "Me." I finish, though my voice is weak from seeing his face.

James.

Lalalalala...I'm dead.

Lalalalala...I'm dead. Lalalalala...I'm dead. You know why? I have no more pre-written chapters! Why? Because I have been writing very slowly and crappily (I know that's not a word but deal with it) lately! Sooo...yeah. Guys, if updates turn out really random for the next few weeks, please bear with me because I have no pre-written stuff after not keeping up with the writing a chapter per week thing. Also, I am starting school so I'm not sure if I'll be able to handle this. :( My first sem might be hectic so I really have to focus on school. I hope you understand. Nonetheless, I will be trying my best to keep giving you guys good quality chapters each week!!! (Well as good as my crappy writing can get.)

You know why? I have no more pre-written chapters! Why? Because I have been writing very slowly and crappily (I know that's not a word but deal with it) lately! Sooo...yeah. Guys, if updates turn out really random for the next few weeks, please bear with me because I have no pre-written stuff after not keeping up with the writing a chapter per week thing. Also, I am starting school so I'm not sure if I'll be able to handle this. :( My first sem might be hectic so I really have to focus on school. I hope you understand. Nonetheless, I will be trying my best to keep giving you guys good quality chapters each week!!! (Well as good as my crappy writing can get.) You know why? I have no more pre-written chapters! Why? Because I have been writing very slowly and crappily (I know that's not a word but deal with it) lately! Sooo...yeah. Guys, if updates turn out really random for the next few weeks, please bear with me because I have no pre-written stuff after not keeping up with the writing a chapter per week thing. Also, I am starting school so I'm not sure if I'll be able to handle this. :( My first sem might be hectic so I really have to focus on school. I hope you understand. Nonetheless, I will be trying my best to keep giving you guys good quality chapters each week!!! (Well as good as my crappy writing can get.) Make sure to vote, comment, share, and add this to your reading lists! So, what's going to happen with that boy, James? What's going to happen with Lara? Share your thoughts because I don't know either since I don't have anything written! *Cries*

Make sure to vote, comment, share, and add this to your reading lists! So, what's going to happen with that boy, James? What's going to happen with Lara? Share your thoughts because I don't know either since I don't have anything written! *Cries* Make sure to vote, comment, share, and add this to your reading lists! So, what's going to happen with that boy, James? What's going to happen with Lara? Share your thoughts because I don't know either since I don't have anything written! *Cries* -Summer :)



-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Thirty-One: Give up


[Not edited at all]

James.

The boy that can kill me in so many ways, both good and bad. Still, I feel too many things as I stare at his face, still handsome, still tempting, though he looks weaker and tired. I can tell that he's somewhat uncomfortable, as he bites the inside of his cheek.

"I need to go help Jasmine in the kitchen." I tell him. My voice was supposed to sound strong and confident, but the words came out in such a way that it was softer than a whisper.

"Lara." He says my name with so many hidden meanings behind it. With longing, guilt, sadness. As he grabs my arm, it feels too familiar. Much like the time where I tried to fight my tears in front of him. Though I can't bring myself to look at him, I know that he's staring me down so intensly that I might melt.

I want to tell him to stop looking at me, to stop making me feel this way, but I can't. No matter what I do or try, he will always be the one who gives me butterflies. As much as I care about living creatures, I just need some insect repellent to kill those damn butterflies.

"Miss can I buy a-" I hear a older voice begin to ask but is interrupted with Kiera's voice.

"Shh! I'm trying to watch something!" she exclaims, and I know she's talking about James and I.

"I'm sorry about her rudeness, I can help you." Carol offers.

"I need to tell you something." James says softly.

I pull my arm away harshly, almost knocking down the cupcake stand. I look him in the eye, giving him the harshest glare that I can possibly give. "I don't need to hear anything."

"Please. This is the most important thing I've ever needed to say. Just let me say it." My harsh expression falters at the slightest bit. He walk over, behind our stand and grabs my hand. He leads me out of the crowded area, over to the other side of the building.

It's quiet. The only thing in the backround is the faded noises from the event.

I look down at my shoes. Yup. My shoes are really nice.

"You know, there are alot of words I'd use to describe myelf." he starts, and I wonder where this is going.

"I'm arrogant."

I look up at him and he looks at back at me, his irresistible dark brown eyes peering into mine.

"I'm loud."

"I'm annoying."

"I'm a jerk."

"I'm stupid."

"I'm an idiot."

"Now, this arrogant, loud, annoying, jerk, stupid, idiot is really sorry for being so utterly stupid. I never wanted to see anyone hurt you. I never wanted to see a day where you cried. Here we are, and I'm the reason I see your tears fall for the first time. I'm sorry for hurting you, for ditching you."

Is this where I admit to him that I was jealous? That I saw him as something else? Is this when I am supposed to cinfess? Maybe. But before that, I want to know one more thing.

"Why'd you do it?" I ask, my voice hoarse. As the words come out, I feel like I need to cry. "Why did you ignore me? Why did you detach from me? Did you realize that you were tired of being my friend, so you just left? Tell me!"

He doesn't answer, and instead his gaze drifts to the ground, just like mine.

"I want to forgive you. Just tell me why you did it. Tell me, I'll understand."

"I-I-I can't." he stutters and I freeze up. It was so easy to do. He could just give me an excuse and I'd get over it.

"Just tell me your excuse." I plead, hoping that he'll give me something, anything.

"I can't."

Those two words send a paralyzing feeling through my spine. Those two words leave me standing in front of him, frozen and unable to breathe. I feel dead.

"Then I can't forgive you."

Those are the last words I say to him.

As I turn around and speed walk back to the courtyard, I try to control my breathing, which is so uneven that to the normal eye, it looks like I'm having an athsma attack.

However, I will not cry. Not this time, no. Not me. He should be the one crying, not me.

Guys.

Guys. Guys. Let me explain.

Let me explain. Let me explain. I really wanted to write this. I really wanted to give you the rest of this. (And I will so don't worry).

I really wanted to write this. I really wanted to give you the rest of this. (And I will so don't worry). I really wanted to write this. I really wanted to give you the rest of this. (And I will so don't worry). This is all I have right now and I won't be able to post anything else for a while until I get settled in at school. I have to put my education first, right? It's the third day of school and I feel like I'm under so much pressure. I feel like a complete idiot compared to everyone else. And I have no idea how I'm going to handle everything.

This is all I have right now and I won't be able to post anything else for a while until I get settled in at school. I have to put my education first, right? It's the third day of school and I feel like I'm under so much pressure. I feel like a complete idiot compared to everyone else. And I have no idea how I'm going to handle everything. This is all I have right now and I won't be able to post anything else for a while until I get settled in at school. I have to put my education first, right? It's the third day of school and I feel like I'm under so much pressure. I feel like a complete idiot compared to everyone else. And I have no idea how I'm going to handle everything. Today was my third day of school and I'm already having a nervous breakdown.

Today was my third day of school and I'm already having a nervous breakdown. Today was my third day of school and I'm already having a nervous breakdown. I have 3 quizzes, 2 labs, and a test coming up. Already. And I'll be completing daily science quizzes too! So yay me. Guys please pray for some sort of miracle for me.

I have 3 quizzes, 2 labs, and a test coming up. Already. And I'll be completing daily science quizzes too! So yay me. Guys please pray for some sort of miracle for me. I have 3 quizzes, 2 labs, and a test coming up. Already. And I'll be completing daily science quizzes too! So yay me. Guys please pray for some sort of miracle for me. So yeah...

So yeah... So yeah... I hope I get time to write on the weekend. And I'll probably skip my birthday next Friday because I'll be being tested on Matter and Elements and whatever. But I need to make the best of the situation.

I hope I get time to write on the weekend. And I'll probably skip my birthday next Friday because I'll be being tested on Matter and Elements and whatever. But I need to make the best of the situation. I hope I get time to write on the weekend. And I'll probably skip my birthday next Friday because I'll be being tested on Matter and Elements and whatever. But I need to make the best of the situation. I don't know what else to say.

I don't know what else to say. I don't know what else to say. I'm sorry. I'm such a crappy author and my grades are probably going to go down the toilet unlike my MC's.

I'm sorry. I'm such a crappy author and my grades are probably going to go down the toilet unlike my MC's. I'm sorry. I'm such a crappy author and my grades are probably going to go down the toilet unlike my MC's. You guys are like the awesomest people on the planet and I'm disappointing you. I'm sorry. I suck.

You guys are like the awesomest people on the planet and I'm disappointing you. I'm sorry. I suck. You guys are like the awesomest people on the planet and I'm disappointing you. I'm sorry. I suck. This is quite depressing for me to write.

This is quite depressing for me to write. This is quite depressing for me to write. I hope you guys keep this in your library because trust me, it will not end like this. When I start something, I finish it, okay?

I hope you guys keep this in your library because trust me, it will not end like this. When I start something, I finish it, okay? I hope you guys keep this in your library because trust me, it will not end like this. When I start something, I finish it, okay? It might be next week. Or next month. Or a random day in freakin November. But I will come back. Please don't give up on Lara or Alana. They're still here. They still have plans and things to do.

It might be next week. Or next month. Or a random day in freakin November. But I will come back. Please don't give up on Lara or Alana. They're still here. They still have plans and things to do. It might be next week. Or next month. Or a random day in freakin November. But I will come back. Please don't give up on Lara or Alana. They're still here. They still have plans and things to do. Sadly, unlike them, my highschool doesn't come with cute boys dropping at my feet or shipping teachers or fun experiences. My highschool is books (not novels, just textbooks) and endless hours of studying.

Sadly, unlike them, my highschool doesn't come with cute boys dropping at my feet or shipping teachers or fun experiences. My highschool is books (not novels, just textbooks) and endless hours of studying. Sadly, unlike them, my highschool doesn't come with cute boys dropping at my feet or shipping teachers or fun experiences. My highschool is books (not novels, just textbooks) and endless hours of studying. I should end this eternal author's note.

I should end this eternal author's note. I should end this eternal author's note. I love you guys. I love you all because you supported the dream of a 14 year old author who craved a life story that could actually be interesting. Thank you for supporting the world I get lost in, where I can live and experience things that I can't do in real life.

I love you guys. I love you all because you supported the dream of a 14 year old author who craved a life story that could actually be interesting. Thank you for supporting the world I get lost in, where I can live and experience things that I can't do in real life. I love you guys. I love you all because you supported the dream of a 14 year old author who craved a life story that could actually be interesting. Thank you for supporting the world I get lost in, where I can live and experience things that I can't do in real life. Thank you

Thank you Thank you I won't lie. I'm terribly sad to be writing this. I'd rather write and have this little escape of mine than to be where I am now. But I can't.

I won't lie. I'm terribly sad to be writing this. I'd rather write and have this little escape of mine than to be where I am now. But I can't. I won't lie. I'm terribly sad to be writing this. I'd rather write and have this little escape of mine than to be where I am now. But I can't. -Summer

-Summer -Summer P.S. Lolll it sounded like I finished the book. Hahaha. You're getting an update when I get to it. Btw this is the same in both HTBTBTW and TSBB. So you don't have to reread it in the other book if you read that as well.

P.S. Lolll it sounded like I finished the book. Hahaha. You're getting an update when I get to it. Btw this is the same in both HTBTBTW and TSBB. So you don't have to reread it in the other book if you read that as well. P.S. Lolll it sounded like I finished the book. Hahaha. You're getting an update when I get to it. Btw this is the same in both HTBTBTW and TSBB. So you don't have to reread it in the other book if you read that as well.





Tip Thirty-Two: Try to Move on


I remember that day. I remember that day quite clearly, actually. It was the worst day of many worst days. The sun was setting, a bright red-orange fire replaced the once blue sky, and I was choking on tears. Funny, I still feel the same.

~~~

~~~ Sunshine Park, Toronto~August {3 years ago}

Sunshine Park, Toronto~August {3 years ago} I am lost.

I am lost. What the heck did I get myself into this time?

What the heck did I get myself into this time? After a ketchup packet exploded on my white shirt, I ran off to wherever the washrooms were, leaving James and Eliza. Not that they minded me leaving, they were probably really happy about it. Now, the stain is till there, but my shirt is just wet. Now, I am lost. And frustrated.

After a ketchup packet exploded on my white shirt, I ran off to wherever the washrooms were, leaving James and Eliza. Not that they minded me leaving, they were probably really happy about it. Now, the stain is till there, but my shirt is just wet. Now, I am lost. And frustrated. I walk on, looking around. Everything is familiar, of course it is, I've walked here before. I just don't know the way back. Staring at the horizon, I admire the beauty of the soon-to-be setting sun and it's reflection on the water. Beautiful. A few little kids are playing on the big playground and I laugh, remembering the times where we did that.

I walk on, looking around. Everything is familiar, of course it is, I've walked here before. I just don't know the way back. Staring at the horizon, I admire the beauty of the soon-to-be setting sun and it's reflection on the water. Beautiful. A few little kids are playing on the big playground and I laugh, remembering the times where we did that. Lara, Eliza, and James. What a group we were.

Lara, Eliza, and James. What a group we were. Donn't get me wrong, we are still a group. Although, something's just off. I can't really put my finger on it, but it doesn't feel the same. I know that there's something going on between James and Eliza, but whatever. Honestly, it's not even a big deal.

Donn't get me wrong, we are still a group. Although, something's just off. I can't really put my finger on it, but it doesn't feel the same. I know that there's something going on between James and Eliza, but whatever. Honestly, it's not even a big deal. They're cute together. Yeah.

They're cute together. Yeah. What am I saying? They don't even like each other...do they? Besides, if they do, then I call being the maid of honor at their wedding.

What am I saying? They don't even like each other...do they? Besides, if they do, then I call being the maid of honor at their wedding. Subconscious: Liar, liar pants on fire, drag your butt to Canadian tire. You're pretty lame, but you like James, so don't you pretend you want to be just friends.

Subconscious: Liar, liar pants on fire, drag your butt to Canadian tire. You're pretty lame, but you like James, so don't you pretend you want to be just friends. The cringe is real. I hate my subconscious too. But hey, at least he can come up with a good rhyme? Ah, how I love the cringy things I think of in this big ball of ground meat I call a brain.

The cringe is real. I hate my subconscious too. But hey, at least he can come up with a good rhyme? Ah, how I love the cringy things I think of in this big ball of ground meat I call a brain. I stroll on, continuing to think about the facts, when I finally see the small playground hidden in a circle of trees. This is where we were, before the ketchup disaster. This place was the old playground where James and I always hung out, We went from him showing off on the monkey bars to sitting on the same bench under the willow tree, talking about life. Other times, we'd sit, not talking, just listening to the calming sound of the breeze and the faded crashes of the waves onto the shore. I'd rest my head on his shoulder and he'd play with my tangled hair.

I stroll on, continuing to think about the facts, when I finally see the small playground hidden in a circle of trees. This is where we were, before the ketchup disaster. This place was the old playground where James and I always hung out, We went from him showing off on the monkey bars to sitting on the same bench under the willow tree, talking about life. Other times, we'd sit, not talking, just listening to the calming sound of the breeze and the faded crashes of the waves onto the shore. I'd rest my head on his shoulder and he'd play with my tangled hair. When Eliza started visiting more frequently, we shared our place with her. I was kind of like our secret hangout. Like a spy base or something.

When Eliza started visiting more frequently, we shared our place with her. I was kind of like our secret hangout. Like a spy base or something. I push past the pine tree branches and make my way to the playground.

I push past the pine tree branches and make my way to the playground. That's when I see it.

That's when I see it. Him.

Him. Her.

Her. They're sitting on our bench. His fingers are in her hair. His lips are on hers. It looks like a scene from a movie, with a blazing sunset accompanying their passionate kiss. It should be us. It should be me over there. Why isn't it me? Then it hits me.

They're sitting on our bench. His fingers are in her hair. His lips are on hers. It looks like a scene from a movie, with a blazing sunset accompanying their passionate kiss. It should be us. It should be me over there. Why isn't it me? Then it hits me.

I don't belong here.

I don't belong here. Of course it's not me. It's them because a guy like him belongs with a girl like her. A girl that's prettier, kinder...better than me. They part for a second, and he laughs, the laugh I love. He says something to her, something nice I assume, because she smiles and blushes. Then he kisses her again. This is the part where I should run away, stop torturing myself, but instead my feet stay, and I choke on my tears.

Of course it's not me. It's them because a guy like him belongs with a girl like her. A girl that's prettier, kinder...better than me. They part for a second, and he laughs, the laugh I love. He says something to her, something nice I assume, because she smiles and blushes. Then he kisses her again. This is the part where I should run away, stop torturing myself, but instead my feet stay, and I choke on my tears. ~~~

A few weeks later, James and I are still not talking. And I guess that's how it's going to be from now on.

Over the past couple of weeks, he's been trying to talk to me, while I've desperately been trying to ignore him. Trust me, it's hard to ignore a guy like James. But if he ignored me when I tried to talk to him, then why can't I do the same?

Just last week, we had a moment in the hallway, wiping out all of my senses. It was a rush between classes and I somehow managed to drop my upmost important lab report and a bunch of loose graph paper for math class.

Through the crowd, a helping hand came to my aid. There he was, acting like the hero I once thought him to be.

I didn't know whether to love him for the times he's saved me, or to hate him for the moments he was blinded to the pain I felt from loving him.

from I grabbed the papers he had collected from his hand, using all my will power to not make eye contact with him. He could say a single word, and I would shatter into pieces like fragile china, contrary to the strong girl I should be.

"Please. I miss you." were the first words to leave his mouth. His hand made a motion towards mine, but I swiftly pulled it away before he had the chance.

With that, I took my papers and got up from the ground. Before he could say anything else, I coldly scoffed, "Don't talk to me."

I guess you could say that was petty of me. Do I care? Not really. Right now, I'm just trying to move on with my life and proceed to become that, single businesswoman that Illa predicted I'd be. I am pulled out of my thoughts as Kiera tugs at my arm.

"How about this one?" Kiera asks, holding up a costume of Alice in Wonderland.

I snort. "No offense, but if you even bend down the slightest bit, your butt is going to be there for the whole world to see."

The thing with Halloween costumes for women is that companies always find a way to make them "sexy". Look, I want to look like a zombie. I wasn't looking for the zombified stripper look. If I wanted that look, I'd have just bought cheap lingerie and put fake blood on myself.

Yeah, you heard that right. It's almost Halloween, almost a month after my fight with James.

Kiera sighs. "You're right. I'm never going to find a costume!" She hangs the costume back onto the rack and plops down onto one of the seats.

I pace back and forth, trying to think of something that would be appropriate for us. Suddenly, a bright idea pops into my head.

"I know!" I almost yell, and Kiera looks up at me. "We can have a group costume!"

"Omg yeah! You know what I was thinking? We should be Disney Princesses!" she squeals and I cringe slightly.

Oh.

"Cute...but it involves looking nice so..." I tell her. She rolls her eyes.

"Okay then. What were you thinking of, huh?"

"I was thinking of being Darth Vader and you guys could be Storm troopers. We don't even have to try since our faces will be covered." I applaud myself in my head for thinking of that. Seriously, any Star Wars themed costume is amazing. Okay, anything related to Star Wars is amazing.



I just really like Star Wars.

Kiera shakes her head. She was never really into that kind of sci-fi stuff. My only friend that actually likes sci-fi and fantasy is Mark. Kiera isn't interested, Carol would much rather watch cartoons (which is weird because you'd think she'd like movies with a lot of fighting), and Jasmine says it's too unrealistic.

I forced them to watch "Star Wars: A New Hope" with me, and I almost put duck tape on Jasmine's mouth because she wouldn't stop complaining that it wasn't possibly realistic for The Millennium Falcon to be able to travel at light speed. Though everything is unrealistic, like the creatures, and everything, she chose to complain about that ship!

The Millennium Falcon everything, Unbelievable.

"I want something cute though." she sighs. "Plus, can we really trust Carol with a lightsaber? Sure it's fake, and plastic, but she'll be jabbing people with it all day."

"Stormtroopers don't have lightsabers." I argue.

"She'll take yours." she retorts.

I nod in agreement. "True."

She puts a finger on her chin, thinking up a possible costume, but shrugs after a few seconds. "I don't think we'll ever agree on a costume."

She's right. We have some of the same interests, but honestly, we will never agree on something like this. I guess that's the reason as to why we've never had a group costume. Kiera always goes for something cute and girly, Carol always picks a character that has some of violent personality. I usually go for a look in between the two, but Jasmine never dresses up. I know, that girl is no fun. But who knows? She's dating Logan now, so we can assume that a lot of her has changed.

"Yeah, it's okay. Let's just do what we do every year. I do my thing, and you guys do your thing." I laugh, knowing that this is for the best.

She chuckles and then her phone beeps. She pulls out her new i phone and cringes at the screen. I look over, trying to see what she's cringing about. She shows me the text message and I laugh so loud that the people around us start staring.

"Oh my gosh." I exhale between laughs.

"I know." she sighs.

"I can't believe Daniel wants to do a couple's costume! This is just too hilarious." I say, wiping an escaping tear from my eye. Whoever assumed Daniel to be cool is just too wrong. Don't get me wrong, the guy's sweet and handsome, but he can be the cringiest person alive at times.

Kiera groans. "I don't want to do this. No , we're not doing this." She opens her phone to text him back, but I snatch it away from her hand and run.

No "Hey!" she yells, but I'm already halfway out of the store, running and sending a message to Daniel about how much 'I love the idea of a couple's costume'.

She catches up to me but it's too late. The message has already been sent, and Daniel isn't the type of person to not immediately respond to a text.

Daniel: I knew you'd love it! I love you darling!

Daniel: I knew you'd love it! I love you darling! Ugh Daniel, why are you so cheesy? To be honest, all the boys in my life up until now have been total whack jobs. The boy-fries are no exception to that. They look all model-ish and mature, but on the inside, they're just a bunch of cheesy Cheetos. I smirk at Kiera as I hand her back the phone.

"You didn't." she states, glaring at me.

"I'm your best friend, of course I did. You wouldn't want to break your darling's heart now, would you?" I coo, and she rolls her eyes. "Ah, I can't wait 'till Halloween. What an amusing day that'll be."

darling's

She snorts. "Please, all you're going to do is make fun of us until you lose your voice from mocking us all day."

I raise a finger. "As your best friend that is my obligation." I hold my right hand to my chest in an honor of supporting our friendship.

After another eye roll, she takes another look at her phone. "I've gotta go," she sighs, "my mom's been nagging on me to get ready for some mother-daughter tea party or whatever. See you, Lara." I give her a curt hug.

"See you. I have to go buy some fake blood now."

"What?"

"For my costume. No worries, no fake blood pranks are going on this year. I'm not really in the mood." I shrug, then wave a last time before heading to another Halloween store.

This time around, I know exactly what I'm looking for. I head over to a bunch of shelves and shuffling with the bottles of blood, deciding which non-toxic recipe would give the most realistic effect. I'm not the best with makeup, but with a little begging, Brook wil probably agree to making me look like a more defined haggard creature for the day.

I grab a bottle that looks about right. I feel a hand on my shoulder, so I turn around to see a clown mask inches away from my face. In surprise, I let out a shriek and drop the plastic bottle.

The person takes the mask off and laughs. I glare at him. Xander.

"You really had to do that?" I cross my arms and roll my eyes at the boy who thinks it's okay to scare somebody like this. Let's just say I'm a little paranoid after seeing the trailer for IT. Not that I'd see any more full horror movies this time.

"I see a clown mask. I see a girl. What else do I do?" he shrugs, grinning wildly as if scaring me was the funniest thing in the world.

"Not that?"

"Anyways, what're you doing here?" he asks.

I pick up the plastic bottle that I dropped during the scare. "Purchasing a handy bottle of fake blood."

"Ah yes, Lara buying fake blood. What else did I expect?"

"What are you planning to be for Halloween?" I pose, the question seeming to catch him off guard. He frowns, seeming to think about it.

"I'm planning to be a...football player for Halloween. I have the costume and everything!" he exclaims, using hand gestures and everything.

I laugh. "You're already a football player so that isn't a costume. It's just you boasting about your skill with your jersey."

"Then, why don't I be your boyfriend for Halloween?" he offers, then points to his black shirt. "See this shirt right here? This is boyfriend material."

boyfriend "Ha-ha so funny. Don't hit on me." I respond, monotone.

He chuckles, "Don't worry, I'd never do that. I really think that line would work with the-the girls at Morgan's party on Friday. Not that you're not attractive, but you're not my type. No offense."

I sigh. "Trust me, I'm not offended."

I walk over to the cash register and pay for my fake blood. As the price rolls onto the screen, I dig into my wallet and hand the cashier a few bills and a coupon. As Xander and I head out of the store, he begins to talk again.

"So are you going?" he asks.

"I wasn't invited, nor do I go to parties. So no." I reply, checking the receipt.

"Everyone's invited." he states.

Everyone. He's going to be there for sure and I'm not in the mood for another heartbreaking incident where I catch him drunk in love with a random chick.

He's "Oh well. I'm going trick or treating." I tell him.

"You're 16." he reminds me.

"I'm 16 and I love free candy. Plus, I volunteered to take my little cousins out that night." I explain, and my reason is valid.

"Cool." he responds, and he doesn't push the party subject any further.

Although, a Halloween party does sound quite interesting...

Did you miss me?

Did you miss me? Did you miss me? I'm baaaaaack. Not every week, but I finally had time to finish this! Gooooo us!! So, if you guys were wondering, yes school is still hard and it sucks. But, on the bright side, this book is currently featured! I never ever thought that this would happen so I was mostly surprised but also incredibly excited! I just want to say thanks to everyone for being so kind and understanding. I read your wonderul messages and they lifted my spirits. You guys are awesome. Please continue to vote and comment and share 'cause that really helps!

I'm baaaaaack. Not every week, but I finally had time to finish this! Gooooo us!! So, if you guys were wondering, yes school is still hard and it sucks. But, on the bright side, this book is currently featured! I never ever thought that this would happen so I was mostly surprised but also incredibly excited! I just want to say thanks to everyone for being so kind and understanding. I read your wonderul messages and they lifted my spirits. You guys are awesome. Please continue to vote and comment and share 'cause that really helps! I'm baaaaaack. Not every week, but I finally had time to finish this! Gooooo us!! So, if you guys were wondering, yes school is still hard and it sucks. But, on the bright side, this book is currently featured! I never ever thought that this would happen so I was mostly surprised but also incredibly excited! I just want to say thanks to everyone for being so kind and understanding. I read your wonderul messages and they lifted my spirits. You guys are awesome. Please continue to vote and comment and share 'cause that really helps! This book gets better, I promise.

This book gets better, I promise. This book gets better, I promise. I hope.

I hope. I hope. Wait...what kind of scenes are you guys hoping for? Just curious.

Wait...what kind of scenes are you guys hoping for? Just curious. Wait...what kind of scenes are you guys hoping for? Just curious. Also, what should I be for Halloween? I either want to be a creepy possessed girl with running tears of blood...or Lilo from Lilo&Stitch. What do you guys think?

Also, what should I be for Halloween? I either want to be a creepy possessed girl with running tears of blood...or Lilo from Lilo&Stitch. What do you guys think? Also, what should I be for Halloween? I either want to be a creepy possessed girl with running tears of blood...or Lilo from Lilo&Stitch. What do you guys think? -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Thirty-Three: Don't mess with Victoria Secret Mannequins


"Let's play 20 questions." Xander states, taking a sip from the pumpkin spice latte he'd just ordered a few minutes ago. He places his drink onto the table and looks straight at me with an amused look in his eyes.

We've been wandering around the shopping district in downtown for about an hour now, so we decided to take a little break at the nearby Starbucks. Unlike him, I ordered a pumpkin spice frappuccino, because let's be real, frappes are the only thing I get here.

I raise a questioning eyebrow. "Why? I think you know enough about me considering all of the stalking you do."

He laughs. "If I was going to stalk someone, I'd stalk someone much more interesting than you...like a celebrity. Besides, your boyfriend would probably murder me in an alleyway if I did."

My eyes widen, not knowing how to respond to his statement. After a moment of shock, I reply with, "How can someone who doesn't exist possibly kill you?" I know who he's actually talking about, but I'd rather not think about it.

"That someone, who happens to be your boyfriend, also happens to really hate my guts." he chuckles, but still it seems as though he's not joking. I frown, not getting what he's implying.

someone, "That someone , is not my boyfriend. That someone , has the same cocky personality as you, so I don't get why he'd hate you." I tell him.

someone someone "Well, that someone really seems like your boyfriend. He's always hanging around you for one thing. He's always talking about you to the point that the whole team getting so annoyed about the fact that you hate roses but love orchids...blah, blah, blah."

someone At that last part, I can't help but giggle a bit because Xander just seems so annoyed and it amuses me. "Well it is true. I mean, roses are so cliché. Plus, orchids make beautiful house plants." Still, I wonder what else that someone's been saying about me. I miss being around that idiot.

Get a grip, Lara! You're supposed to be getting over that jerk for goodness sake!

He shrugs. "I guess. So, why do like him so much? I mean, to be honest, there's nothing good about him."

My cheeks flush a bright shade of red. Am I that easily read? I knew it was freaking obvious.

"I-I don't like him." I stammer trying to deny the fact, though also trying to convince myself that I shouldn't like him.

He rolls his eyes in disbelief, but continues. "Okay. I'm just saying, he's a jerk. All he's going to do is break your heart. Look at him! Do you really think a guy like that would keep any relationship?"

Part of me wants to believe him because up until now, it's been kind of true. Still, a piece of my heart is clinging onto the fact that the same guy who's broken my heart, is the same guy who's made me feel happy, complete.

I stare at him, fazed by his words. Without anything to say, I try to change the subject. "So how about that game of 20 questions?"

He leans back in his chair, relaxing, and releasing the built up tension in the air. "Let's do it." he smirks.

I mirror his expression. "Okay then, why does James hate your guts?"

At that, he stiffens. It takes him a second to return to his normal. "He's jealous of my awesomeness. Next question."

Okay then.

He taps his chin, then blurts out, "What's your favourite colour?"

"Pink. Now, what's your favourite movie?"

"The Wizard of Oz."

"Really?"

"Yes."

20 questions and two empty Starbucks drinks later, we end up laughing our butts off at memes that we somehow got ourselves addicted to. At the moment, we are currently chuckling over a meme (or many memes) of Kermit the frog.



It's funny how my opinion on Xander has changed so much in the last month. I used to think he was some carefree jerk that only talked to girls if he had the goal to sleep with them. But he's actually not that bad. You could get along with him easily and he gave me the false sense of happiness that I've been relying on for a while.

"Anyways, I'd better get going." I tell him, getting up from the table and throwing my empty cup into the bin. "It was...fun. Hanging out with you."

"Same goes for me. I guess you're not entirely boring." he jokes, punching my arm lightly. I roll my eyes. "See you at school then?"

entirely "Yeah. See you." I reply, and we make our way to the door. Outside, we start to walk in opposite directions, me towards a bus stop, and him going who knows where.

I hear rapid footsteps and turn around to see him running towards me. Once he catches up to me, he raise a finger. "Firstly, would you please think about going to the party? It would be awesome and I'm a hundred percent sure you'd have fun."

"Fine. I'll give it a thought. What's the second thing now?"

"Oh. Secondly, can you please unblock my number now! Now that we're friends, I think it would be wonderful if I could communicate with you without your phone denying my number."

"I guess I'll think about that too." I sigh, and he looks at me with widened eyes.

" Think ? About it?"

Think "Yes. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a bus to catch." I say and continue walking. I leave Xander with his jaw hanging from his mouth.

A few minutes later, I find myself waiting at the bus stop, the chilly autumn breeze running through my hair and making me shiver although I'm wrapped up in layers. I check my phone, looking at the time. The bus should've been here 10 minutes ago. It's running late...again.

I look up at the sky and groan as if my plead would change the ways of the universe. After a second of searching for UFO's, I go back to my usual routine of feeling hungry. I mean, I know I just ate and all, but seeing everyone else walking down the streets with food makes my mouth water.

Across the street, I see the guy with that unmistakable dark brown hair and dark brown eyes.

The worst part is that he's eating fries.

How cruel can he be!

Here I am, trying to hate him and get over him. But no ! He just has to go and eat a bunch of freaking french fries as he strolls along the freaking sidewalk like the annoying douchebag he is! You know, if we were on good terms right now, I'd go right over there, attack him, and run away with those fries.

no freaking freaking But the thing is, we're not.

So I'm not going to run up to him, I'm not going to steal his fries, and sure as hell I am not going to talk to him just to get those fries.

not not not I'll buy my own damn french fries, thank you very much.

My internal monologue comes to an end as he reaches a crosswalk and walks straight in my direction. As long as he doesn't see me I'll be alrigh-

Shiiiiiiiiizballs.

Don't make eye contact. I tilt my head up just a bit and my eyeballs betray me as I stare at him. He stares at me. We're in a bad situation.

My mind starts to panic and I run into the nearest building like my feet are on fire. My brain is basically screaming "Red alert! Red alert!" and I am just trying to remain calm but drastically failing.



Suddenly, I hear crashing and realize that I have bumped into a mannequin that has bumped into several other mannequins, that has displaced a bunch of bras and panties on the floor.

Okay so I'm in Victoria Secret...

I turn around to see an angry girl staring at me.

"Yeah...I'll fix that." I grin awkwardly.

"Good." she replies and walks away.

I begin to put the mannequins back in their places. After, I crouch to the ground and pick up all the bright coloured bras and panties. Who actually wears neon pink thongs? Talk about strange and uncomfortable.

The door open and someone walks in. He looks down at me and stares. Rude. I glare at him. Telling by his empty hands, he must've finished the fries. Now I've got absolutely no reason to talk to him.

Even though he knows that I'm angry at him, he manages to press his lips together, trying to hide a smile. In my head, I think, "Stop it please." Even in school, where I try my best to not utter a single word to him, he still greets me everyday with a sad smile.

I usually just return the favour with a scowl.

"Nice bra you got there." he says, gesturing to the black lace bra in my hand.

"Oh shut up will you? Besides, I told you to stop talking to me." I respond angrily.

"You've gotta understand that I can't do that."

"Yes, yes you can. You've done it before so go ahead and do it now." I tell him, his presence leaving me to procrastinate in fixing up all of the scattered lingerie.

"I never want to stop talking to you or seeing you or being with you."

I roll my eyes. "Save that goo for Brittany, or Sydney, or Cindy, or Lindy, or Maddie, or say that to a girl named Kidney for all I care!"

Kidney "Lara, please-"

"Get out!" I yell.

"This isn't your store. You can't tell me to leave." he states.

"I said get the freak away from me!" I shout once more, throwing the black bra at him.

Then the red panty.

Then another polka dot bra.

A lace bralette, a black pair of shorts, a pink strapless bra, and everything else that was on the floor.

"Get out!" I shout again but he doesn't budge.

I'm about to shout once more, when a booming voice joins the conversation. "WHAT IS GOING ON?"

Okay, so the angry store lady is glaring at me yet again. "I know this looks bad, but it's his fault this time, not mine." I tell her, pointing a finger at James. "He doesn't even have a reason to be here! He doesn't even need a freaking bra!"

James gasps and stares at me like he's incredibly offended.

"Don't act like it's not true! You're a guy for Christ's sake!" I shout, lifting my arms up in exasperation.

"How dare you assume my gender!" he yells back.

Oh my gosh. Is he really doing this right now?

"Ma'am, I'm going to have to ask you to leave. This is no place for discrimination, nor is any place. We are all equals." The girl points at the door and I stare at her, wide-eyed.

"There is no discrimination going on! It's James! He's faking it to get me kicked out!"

"Ma'am, you need to leave." she tells me in a warning tone. "Or I'll call security."

"Fine. But just so you know, I'm never coming here to buy a bra ever again!" I state, walking to the exit. I give them one last glare.

"Not that you really need any support hon." the lady fires back.

Damn. What is with people insulting my small boobs. I am sick of this world. I stride out and in an instant, my hair gets soaking wet from the rain that's pouring as if it were spring.

I let out a frustrated scream.

Now, I'm cold, angry, frustrated and soaking wet. This day just took a turn for the worse.

and Suddenly, the raining stops. Well, only around me it does. I tilt my head upwards to see a black umbrella being held above my head.

"Just go." I whisper, too drained to put any traces of force or anger in my voice.

"I'm not going anywhere. I don't care how long it takes, but I'll be here until we're ready to, y'know, not be like this anymore." he says softly.

"Just one excuse. That's all you had to-" I start but he interrupts me like the rude, selfish douchebag he is.

"I like you."

Maybe just a rude douchebag.

I look at him with no expression. It's kind of like my brain cannot process the three letters. What is like ? As in, "I like pomegranate"?

like like He scratches the back of his neck, as he exhales deeply. "I'm sorry I was a coward. I, you, you just make me feel all weird and it took me a while to realize that I actually liked you. I don't even know if it's that. It's, it's strange. When I figured it out, I, I didn't want to accept it. I mean, it's not like you'd ever like me."

You dumb moron.

"So I tried to ignore it and I tried to move on. God, I'm such an idiot." he sighs, giving me a crooked smile. "So...was my excuse too late?"

I search for the right words to respond to him. What do I even say to that? I bite my lip, in an effort to concentrate. Think of something! Kill myself. Just, someone come and stab me because I don't know how to respond to a confession coming from the boy I've been hopelessly in love with.

"I like pomegranates too." I say.

Okay. Now my killer can proceed with the stabbing.

[Cries in Spanish]

[Cries in Spanish] [Cries in Spanish] First of all, if any of you don't know Hedley, I highly recommend you check out their songs because they're the only things keeping me alive.

First of all, if any of you don't know Hedley, I highly recommend you check out their songs because they're the only things keeping me alive. First of all, if any of you don't know Hedley, I highly recommend you check out their songs because they're the only things keeping me alive. Second of all, I chose to be Lilo for Halloween. Thank you for your input because a lot of you chose that costume.

Second of all, I chose to be Lilo for Halloween. Thank you for your input because a lot of you chose that costume. Second of all, I chose to be Lilo for Halloween. Thank you for your input because a lot of you chose that costume. Third of all, WASSUPPP FAMMM! Gosh, I missed y'all. I know I ended this chapter with pomegranates instead of like...idk...some romantic kiss. But I know y'all didn't want any mush.

Third of all, WASSUPPP FAMMM! Gosh, I missed y'all. I know I ended this chapter with pomegranates instead of like...idk...some romantic kiss. But I know y'all didn't want any mush. Third of all, WASSUPPP FAMMM! Gosh, I missed y'all. I know I ended this chapter with pomegranates instead of like...idk...some romantic kiss. But I know y'all didn't want any mush. (The Jara/Lames fam starts to sharpen their knives)

(The Jara/Lames fam starts to sharpen their knives) (The Jara/Lames fam starts to sharpen their knives) I see you guys in the comments btw. Scary stuff. There's always some comment thread about murder and everyone seems to be participating in it. Whatever. Carry on. This book recently got to 100k reads and I am speechless. You guys rock!! Anyways, I hope you guys are well and I wish you guys a happy Halloween!

I see you guys in the comments btw. Scary stuff. There's always some comment thread about murder and everyone seems to be participating in it. Whatever. Carry on. This book recently got to 100k reads and I am speechless. You guys rock!! Anyways, I hope you guys are well and I wish you guys a happy Halloween! I see you guys in the comments btw. Scary stuff. There's always some comment thread about murder and everyone seems to be participating in it. Whatever. Carry on. This book recently got to 100k reads and I am speechless. You guys rock!! Anyways, I hope you guys are well and I wish you guys a happy Halloween! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :) P.S. What are your costumes and what was your favourite part of the chapter?

P.S. What are your costumes and what was your favourite part of the chapter? P.S. What are your costumes and what was your favourite part of the chapter?





Tip Thirty-Four: Do Couples Costumes with your Best Friend


Hilarious video above:

Hilarious video above: Hilarious video above: What do you do when your crush-enemy confesses that they like you and you just responded with, "I like pomegranates too."?

Well, my first instinct is to run. But...I'm too lazy to move so I stand there like a brainless corpse. I look at my feet, then back up at him. To my surprise, he's not looking at me like I'm some sort of alien. Instead he's shaking his head and smiling.

"The bus isn't coming for a while. I'll bring you home. If you want, we could stop by the grocery store to get you some pomegranates." he offers.

"Uhh...um...uh...you...um...like...me?" I manage to blurt out.

"Um...I mean, that's kind of what I just said." he says, laughing a bit. "By any chance, is there a way, that you might, I don't know, like, maybe, feel the same way?"

I face the ground as I mutter, " Umkindayeah ."

Umkindayeah "What did you say?" he asks in confusion.

" Kindayeah ."

Kindayeah "What?"

"Yes! For goodness sake, I like you!" I yell in his face, drawing the attention of the people passing by. Lowering my voice I tell him, "Yeah. Maybe I kinda like you too."

That one statement alone is enough to get him to grin like an idiot. That bright smile, showing off his dimples, is something I haven't seen in a long time. I missed it so much.

I point a finger at him. "Now don't start getting cocky about it! I only like you a little bit."

"You like me a lot, don't you sweetheart?" He winks at me and before I get the chance to say my comeback, he grabs my hand and intertwines his fingers with mine. "The car's over there."

I look down at our hands, then up at him, then back down at our hands. The fact that he's holding my hand, gives me some sort of anxiety or nervousness. Call me old fashioned, but the little things are really big things to me. Holding hands is a big deal to me.

I'm a loser, I know.

"Is it okay?" he poses, eyeballing our hands.

"It's okay." I reply, the ends my lips seeming to tug upwards. He smiles back at me, give my hand a reassuring squeeze, and goes in the direction of his car.

I a few minutes, we reach the spot where he's parked. He opens the passenger seat and I step in. Who knew he could be a gentleman? Okay, maybe I knew that for a while. He closes the door and walks to the other side to get in.

He steps into the driver's seat and inserts the key, starting the car. He turns and stares at me. It takes me a second or two to find out what he's staring at. Why is he looking at my hair?

"Your hair is wet." he states.

"Yeah...that's kind of what happens when you're out in the pouring rain." I retort.

"You might get sick." he adds in a worried tone. "If you do, it'll be my fault."

I let out a small laugh, finding his new-found extreme caring way to be amusing. Before, he would go back and forth between insults and caring for me. Now, gosh, he's turned into a total marshmallow.

"I'm not getting sick, Bryer. Don't worry about me." I reassure him.

"I'm not worried about you. I'm worried about me. I mean, I don't want my conscience making me feel guilty whenever I hear you sneeze every five seconds." he scoffs. Did I say that he was acting all soft now? Yeah, I take it back. Still, I know that underneath that tough guy act he likes to pull, the guy's a total sweetheart.



"Really?" I jab him in the side, and when he flinches I let out a giggle. "Anyways, if you could just take me home now, that'd be great."

"Of course." He backs out of the parking space and drives straight out of the parking lot in the direction of home. The rain has stopped, and the sun and peeking out from the grey clouds once again. There are minutes of awkward silence, making me feel like I'd rather get struck by a truck on the freeway than stay here, feeling my palms getting sweatier by the second.

"James?" I break the silence, hoping that this situation couldn't get more awkward than it already is.

"Yeah?" He takes his eyes off the road for a second to look at me, the bright sun peering through the glass, coating his eyes with flecks of honey that I've never seen before.

"You know how you said you liked me? I, um, said I like you too, so, um, what happens now?" I stutter, trying so hard to complete the seemingly easy sentence.

"Is it okay if we stop by somewhere?" he asks, either not heaing the question I just asked, or just ignoring it. I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if I didn't actually say it out loud. Sometimes I think that I am saying things, but it's just a mediocre conversation in my head.

"Sure." I reply, not bothering to repet myself.

He drives on until we reach a parking lot with a perfect view of the lake. The waters are still a little rough from the short but intense rain storm that occurred earlier. They crash onto the shore and retreat back, then crash again, then retreat again.

"What are we doing here?" I wonder out loud.

I turn to James, who is taking his seatbelt off. He then turns to face me, and rests his arm on the seat. "To tell you the truth, I don't know what happens now."

"Oh."

"I can tell you what I hope happens now. I hope that I can hold your hand everywhere we go. I hope that I can carry your books to class. I hope that I can tell everyone that you're mine. I hope that I'll get to take care of you when you are sick. I hope that we can cuddle when it's cold and I can hug you whenever, without being afraid that you'll flip me over and snap my neck. I hope that I can be the person you text at 4 a.m. just because. I hope that I'll be able to lift you up and kiss you in front of everyone when I just can't help myself. I really want to do all of those things, but only if you'll let me."

hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I press my lips together, but I can't think of anything that would be the proper response to that. My mind is still trying to figure out how this is happening. A part of me thinks that this is all still a dream and that I'll wake up any second now.

"What do you think about that?"

"I think that you have been looking up 'Tumblr couple goals'." I laugh. He rolls his eyes at my super not-romantic response. "But, I would like to do those things with you too."

"I forgot, I also hope that maybe your frequent punches will turn into frequent kisses." he puckers his lips and taps them with his finger. As an answer, I punch him hard on the arm.

"Just because I like you, doesn't mean I'm gonna giggle, fall at your feet, and give you a thousand kisses. I might even be more violent to you since I like you so much."

since He looks alarmed, maybe even threatened. That expression is how I know that we're totally normal again. Maybe not normal, but even a little better than that.

***

Friday rolls around and as I step foot on the third floor. A burst of confidence floods through my veins when I see a girl change directions when I make eye contact with her. Perfect. Bree's makeup skills are basically at a professional level. My zombie makeup, complete with the outfit and fake blood, is good enough that I could be an extra on The Walking Dead, World War Z, and any zombie movie to be honest.



I cock my head to the side, trying to look as lifeless and dead as possible. People stare as I start down the hallway, looking for my friends. Finally, I see my target: the guy who's dressed up as a Disney Prince. He's surrounded by Kiera, Jasmine, Carol and Mark, who are laughing at something.

"Jaaaaames." I call, making myself sound as zombie-like as possible.

He turns around and lets out a high pitched shriek that pierces my ears. Damn, the boy screams louder and higher than me! Immediately, I start laughing my head off, pointing at him. "You're so adorable. What are you supposed to be? Prince Charming?"

"Oh my gosh, you look almost as bad as you do in the morning." he says, placing a hand on his heart.

"How would you know what I look like in the morning?" I argue, but quickly realize that he has seen me in the morning, when I slept over at his house.

"By bad I meant beautiful." he tells me, trying to save is skin. "And yes, I am supposed to be Prince Charming. I thought we were doing a couple's costume and you were going to be a princess!"

"We're not a couple-" I start but he finishes the sentence for me.

"Yet."

"Where on earth did you get the idea that I was going to be a princess?" I ask, confused.

"You love Disney things! I texted you a few days ago and you said that it would be really funny. You also said that you would borrow your mom's heels or something." he explains.

"What? I never got a text message!" I open up my phone and look at my messages, then open my messages with James. "See? Nothing!" I show him the screen and he returns the confused look that I am wearing.

"Then who did I-"

"Guys, I'm here!" a loud voice, no other than Logan, announces. I look at Logan and think to myself, "he can become a great meme".

Daniel walks in beside him, with fingers massaging his temples. "I told him not to come looking like this, but he insisted. I swear."

"What do you guys think?" Logan asks, with an amused look on his face. He gives a little twirl and shows off the bright pink dress. Lifting the skirt a little, he points at the nude heels on his feet. It looks as if the shoe might break. I can just imagine him stuffing his giant feet int his mother's poor heels.

"So it was Logan I texted, not you." James exhales deeply, then looks at me with a horrified expression.

"I guess its understandable, I mean, our names were probably right beside each other in your contacts." I tell him, patting him on the back.

"Are you trying to tell me that you wanted Lara as your princess, and not me? I feel so hurt bro." Logan says, shaking his head in disappointment, and I bite my tongue, trying not to laugh. I look at Jasmine, who is staring blankly, still trying to comprehend the reason for her boyfriend looking like Cinderella.

so "Dude." is all James says in reply.

"Honey, just, just, why?" Jasmine questions, still looking traumatized.

"I knew that James was probably thinking he was texting Lara, considering all that cheesy stuff he was saying. I just wanted to see what his reaction would be if I actually came like this."

"Did you predict that I would be traumatized? If you want to know my reaction, I'll tell you that I'm forever scarred." James terlls him, massaging his temples like what Daniel was doing earlier.

"I for one, think that you pull it off." I laugh, fixing the tiara placed on the pink wig that he's also currently sporting.

"At least someone appreciates my effort." Logan huffs, flipping his pink locks.

Ignoring Logan's salty remarks, James inches closer to me and wraps an arm around my shoulder. "So, terrifying zombie girl , what are your plans on this fine evening?"

terrifying zombie girl "Babysitting. Nothing interesting."

"Yeah. I gotta accompany Seb on his mission to rob all houses of anything sweet." He adds.

"No party?" I question, raising an eyebrow skeptically.

"Nope."

"Are you guys dating or something?" Kiera blurts out. I shoot her a look, then realize that everyone is staring at us with the same expression.

James and I look at each other.

"We're not dating. I haven't even been on a date." I tell them.

"I want that to change." James states. "No plans tomorrow?"

"Uh, no." I answer.

He grabs my hand and looks me straight in the eye. "Lara Emelina De La Cruz, will you go out on a date with me?"

"Eh. I guess so." I answer bluntly.

"She said yes!" he exclaims, lifting me off the ground and leaving me hanging over his shoulder.

"James put me down!"

Happy actual Halloween!! I wanted to finish this today since it is actually Halloween! Sorry it's kinda late, but I was working on this chapter non-stop since this morning. I hope you enjoyed it!

Happy actual Halloween!! I wanted to finish this today since it is actually Halloween! Sorry it's kinda late, but I was working on this chapter non-stop since this morning. I hope you enjoyed it! Happy actual Halloween!! I wanted to finish this today since it is actually Halloween! Sorry it's kinda late, but I was working on this chapter non-stop since this morning. I hope you enjoyed it! I don't have too much time to chat since I got a science quiz tomorrow, so just leave me a comment on what James and Lara should do on their first date!

I don't have too much time to chat since I got a science quiz tomorrow, so just leave me a comment on what James and Lara should do on their first date! I don't have too much time to chat since I got a science quiz tomorrow, so just leave me a comment on what James and Lara should do on their first date! Byeeee!

Byeeee! Byeeee! -Summer

-Summer -Summer P.S. Pray for my grades that seem like they wanna follow in the footsteps of the Titanic. Most of all, stay safe because there was a terror attack on cyclists and pedestrians today in Manhattan. Let's keep the victims and their families in our prayers.

P.S. Pray for my grades that seem like they wanna follow in the footsteps of the Titanic. Most of all, stay safe because there was a terror attack on cyclists and pedestrians today in Manhattan. Let's keep the victims and their families in our prayers. P.S. Pray for my grades that seem like they wanna follow in the footsteps of the Titanic. Most of all, stay safe because there was a terror attack on cyclists and pedestrians today in Manhattan. Let's keep the victims and their families in our prayers.





Tip Thirty-Five: Don't tag along on dates, Actually go on one!


Video above: Do you guys have any awkward date experiences? Or...are you all just single and awkward and just locked up in your dark rooms like me?

Video above: Do you guys have any awkward date experiences? Or...are you all just single and awkward and just locked up in your dark rooms like me? "Look at you. You're beautiful, smart, and talented. I love you."

I frown as the words come out of my mouth. Clearly, my mirror pep talk to myself isn't working.

"Lies!" a voice shouts and I turn to see Bree with her head popping into my room. She laughs as she says, "Since you're obviously busy preparing for your little date with lover boy, I'm going to assume that you don't have time to eat your Doritos, right?" She winks and gives a sinister smile that you'd only know if you had your own sister of terror.

"Don't you dare touch my freaking Doritos, Bree. I swear I'll kill you." I threaten, but she just continues to smirk evilly and runs downstairs.

I give up on trying to validate my very existence in front of the mirror, and proceed to chase her down the stairs. "Bree! Come back! I'll kill you!" I scream.

As I get to the bottom of the stairs, almost tripping on my own two feet (like usual), I see her holding the bag of chips and sprinting through the front door. "Sayonara sucker!" I hear her yell from outside.

Damn it. My Doritos are gone.

I would totally chase her outside, but frankly, I'm not planning to expose myself with my Spiderman pajama shorts on, and my haggard face. Judging by my hair and unshaved legs, someone might mistake me for Chewbacca, and I'm not up for humiliation today. Well, at least not before my date.

Date. Ah, the word I thought I'd never say along with the phrase, "I'm going on...".

It's currently morning, around 8 a.m. to be exact. So why am up, busy panicking about the date, when it isn't 'till lunch? Honestly, I'm not sure.

My mom is at work, while my dad is out, running errands. Illa is still fast asleep, and Brook is early at the gym. It's weird that Bree isn't with her. Ever since her favorite character on her favorite T.V. show died, she's been going through an emotional trauma, resulting in her going on a junk food spree and taking my food.

I sigh.

I miss my Doritos already.

I try to place my thoughts on him, the idiot that I somehow fell in love with. I could spend all day thinking about his dreamy eyes, beautiful smile, intoxicating laugh, the way he intertwines his fingers with mine, the feeling I get I'm anywhere near him, but I can't. I really can't.

I'm just too emotionally traumatized right now.

What else am I going to eat today? The apples in the fridge? The greek yogurt with no taste? I piece of lettuce? My own sister robbed me of my very last hope of true happiness.

R.I.P. Doritos, R.I.P.

I trudge back upstairs, too disgusted with her actions, to even go to the kitchen and remember what was. As I get to my bedroom, I unplug my cellphone. Almost instantly, it starts to ring and my dad's picture pops up. I touch the green button to answer it, and place the phone against my ear.

"Hello?"

"Ara! Pakisabi nga sa lola mo, na may pangulam pa sa fridge. Hindi ako makaka ui kase matagal pa kame dito." (Ara! Tell your grandma that there are leftovers in the fridge. I can't go home because we're still going to be awhile here.) my dad yells on the other line, that I have to pull my phone away from my ear.

My parents have the tendency to yell on the phone, as if there was bad connection or it was on speaker phone.

"What are you even doing dad? Where are you?"



"Sinabi ko na sayo kahapon! Aye! Hindi ka marunong umintindi! Na kay Tito Hector ako, kasama ni Tito Danny. Nag hahanda kame para sa party bukas." (I told you yesterday! Aye! You don't know how to understand! I'm at Tito Hector's, with Tito Danny. We're preparing for the party tomorrow).

"Oh alright. Is that it then? I'll just tell Lola Nora about the food in the fridge."

"Yeah-'tay muna. Atsaka, nandito din si James, tumutulong. Buti pa sya. Pero sabi nya na irereschedule nya ang date ninyo dahil maraming gawain dito." (Yeah-wait a minute. Also, James is here, helping. Unlike you. But he said that he'd reschedule your date since there are a lot of things to do here) he informs me.

"Oh. Ok. Just tell him that okay lang yon (it's okay). Wait, so he's hanging with you instead of me?"

"Ara, there was really no choice to make between us. Look at me, look at you." my dad says, trying to offend me.

"Wow Dad. Nakakatawa talaga kayo." (Wow Dad. You're super funny) I tell him sarcastically.

I can faintly hear my dad telling James what I just said earlier. "Sorry daw. Atsaka, baka dadaan sa bahay mamaya." (He said sorry and that he might pass by the house later).

"Alright. Dad, can you tell him that I said-"

"Ano ako? Messenger ng mga couples? Itext mo na lang kaya?" (What am I? A couples messenger? Why don't you just text him?)

"Wow Dad. Itext ko na lang. Okay na yon dahil baka hindi nyo magustahan ang pinaguusapan namin..." (Wow Dad. I will just text him. That's okay too since you might not like what we talk about).

"Ano-" (What-)

"Joke lang! Okay bye Dad."

"Bye."

And that, ladies and gentlemen is how your boyfr-James, I mean James, cancels your first date and hangs out with your dad instead.

Is it just me or is my family feeling truly backstabbing today?

I end the call and slump down on my bed. On the bright side, at least my dad won't kill him anytime soon. I think he's actually pretty fond of James, considering we've been around each other for our whole lives.

My phone beeps and I open a text from James.

Idiot: Hey sweetheart, sorry today turned out to be the worst day to ask you out on a date. Hope you aren't too mad at me?

Idiot: Hey sweetheart, sorry today turned out to be the worst day to ask you out on a date. Hope you aren't too mad at me? My smile reaches ear to ear, reading the single text. Ugh, what's happening to me?

Me: I'm absolutely furious. You're with my dad instead of me. How terrifying.

Me: I'm absolutely furious. You're with my dad instead of me. How terrifying. Idiot: We both know he's more awesome than you.

Idiot: We both know he's more awesome than you. Me: I feel hurt.

Me: I feel hurt. Idiot: Aww poor you. I would cuddle with you until you feel better, but if I leave this stuff unattended, I would cause a house fire.

Idiot: Aww poor you. I would cuddle with you until you feel better, but if I leave this stuff unattended, I would cause a house fire. Me: Loser. I can do that without even trying.

Me: Loser. I can do that without even trying. Idiot: I know. I saw your burnt kitchen last year.

Idiot: I know. I saw your burnt kitchen last year. Me: Bleh.

Me: Bleh. Idiot: I really like you, you know that?

Idiot: I really like you, you know that? Me: Bleh.

Me: Bleh. Idiot: I'll probably see you later.

Idiot: I'll probably see you later. Me: Okay, see you then.

Me: Okay, see you then. Idiot: Stay beautiful.

Idiot: Stay beautiful. Me: I look like Chewbacca.

Me: I look like Chewbacca. Idiot: You're a beautiful Chewbacca.

Idiot: You're a beautiful Chewbacca. Me: Bye idiot.

Me: Bye idiot.

Idiot: Bye sweetheart .

Idiot: Bye sweetheart We end the conversation, and I don't know about him, but I think that I could've filled a whole butterfly conservatory with the amount of winged creatures circling the area of my stomach (avoiding the stomach acid, of course).

Obviously, I'm not ecstatic about the fact that my first date is cancelled. I mean, what can I do about it? In the mean time, I decide to stay in my pajamas and make this Saturday of watching my cartoons.

I'm really keeping up with some of the best cartoons of today's generation. I grew up watching a bunch of awesome Disney and Nickelodeon stuff. That stuff never gets old. I rewatch those shows over and over again.

However, I've been lucky enough to find some new shows that are pretty awesome. The new season of Miraculous Ladybug and Star vs. The Forces of Evil just came out, and I'm going to binge watch every episode I've missed.

I grab my furry, purple blanket from my bed and wrap it around myself in an effort to combat the chilly temperature, nibbling at my bare legs.

I walk downstairs, the creaking of the stairs is very audible in the silent house. Our house and the word silence is barely ever in the same sentence.

I turn on the television, and lie down on the sofa, looking like a sushi roll. Time for the marathon.

***

The sound of my phone ringing against my face wakes me up. I jolt awake, and when my hazy vision clears I realize that someone has probably turned off the television after I left it on.

I pick up my cell phone and answer it in a groggy voice. "Hello?"

"Hey Lara? How fast can you get ready?" he asks randomly.

"How fast can you run away from an attacking, sleep deprived girl? You interrupted my Saturday nap, you nap interupterer ." I snap, wishing that James was in this room so that I could physically glare at him.

nap interupterer "Well, I think you're in for a great surprise," he continues on, ignoring the threat. "Even though I was busy this morning, I didn't actually want to cancel the date. So surprise! We're going on a date!"

"James, it's already 5 o'clock. Do we even have time to do anything?" I groan, while unwrapping the blanket from my body.

"I'll pick you up in 10 minutes. You'll see." he says casually.

"10 minutes! Are you crazy?" I scream through the phone. I was never one to take hours to get dressed, but I at least assumed that I would be able to look "good" on my first date.

"Yup. Just, just put on something comfortable and warm. It's cold out." he tells me.

I huff, "Fine. I'll see you later."

"Don't act like you're not ecstatic to see me. I know you've been dying to spend some alone time with me." he exaggerates, laughing. I know for a fact that if he were physically here right now, he'd wink at me and I'd slap his arm.

alone time I scoff. "As if! I've spent way too much time with you for a lifetime." Of course that was another lie, because I actually like the guy (sometimes) and I can't deny the fact that hearing his voice makes my toes curl and brain go haywire.

"Keep telling yourself that, sweetheart." he replies.

"Hope you step on a lego. Bye." with that, I hang up on him and put the phone down. I guess I'd better get ready then.

After seven minutes I am fully dressed for my date. Complete with a maroon hoodie and grey sweatpants, my look screams, "homeless!", a style that's been trending for quite a while. To finish off my look of ,"broke chic" I have my hair in a messy ponytail.



What?

What? He told me to dress comfortable and warm!

The doorbell rings and I walk over. As I open the door, my dad runs in, holding grocery store bags. I frown in confusion. He had the time to go grocery shopping? I turn back to watch my dad head into the kitchen with the bags.

"Dad, I thought that you were at Tito Hector's. Bakit may groceries?" (Dad, I thought that you were at Tito Hector's. Why do you have groceries) I ask.

Instead of answering, he goes deeper into the other room, out of view. Parents. What can you do? I turn around to close the door, when I see James.

"Hey." he greets, with a dopey grin on his face.

"Hi." I return the greeting, with a similar expression.

"Gross!" a voice yells. I whip my head in the direction of the voice, my eyes landing on Illa. She sticks her tongue out at me, and saunters towards James and I.

She looks up at James and frowns. Then, she looks at me, and frowns agian. What's with her mood? She's usually the "rainbow, sunshine, love, puppies" kind of girl.

"Couples disgust me." she states, then proceeds onto the living room, where she dramatically falls onto the couch.

Oh no.

Oh no, no, no, no, no.

Oh no, no, no, no, no. She's turning into me .

me James looks genuinely confused, and so am I. I close the front door, and we walk to where Illa's face is pressed against the sofa. I take seat at the edge of the couch, and tap her back.

"Since when are you the bitter one? Just because I have a, um, human male that doesn't totally hate me, doesn't mean that you can steal my role as the bitter sister." I joke.

human male She just groans in response.

"You love romance! Since when did seeing couples ever disgust you?" I ask. She's stealing my identity right now, so I really want the old Illa back, so I can be the un-romantic one!

She flips herself over so that she's lying on her back. "Since I met a boy named Kaden stupid Lee." she states angrily.

"Him? I thought you liked him?"

"Not anymore. He's such a jerk. I told him that I liked him, and he just laughed in my face. Now the whole school's calling me pathetic!" she cried out, then holds a pillow to her face as she screams into it.

I wrinkle my nose in disgust. Who laughs in someone's face after a confession? I mean, it's okay to not like someone back, but you shouldn't make the other person feel stupid!

"Illa, listen to me." I say, in my best calm voice.

"What? Are you going to tell me to ignore them? If you are, save it because I've heard that enough times from mom." she answers, her eyebrows furrowed.

"No. You know my bookshelf in my room?"

"Yeah...what about it?" the look of anger on her face is replaced with curiosity.

"Bottom shelf, to the far left. You'll find a black spiral notebook. Page 53. If you don't like that idea, go to page 24. You can thank me later." I smirk. Finally, the revenge book can be put to good use.

"Revenge book?" she asks to clarify.

" Revenge book ." I repeat.

Revenge book "Um what's that?" James interrupts, and we both hold a hand up at him.

Illa gets up from the couch, smiling from ear to ear. "I best be on my way. Have fun on your date." Then she runs up the staircase, wearing a grin that hides an evil plan.

James and I share a look as he says, "Hope I won't get to experience the wrath of the revenge book."

"Hope for the best." I reply with a laugh.

Okay...

Okay... Okay... So this wasn't exactly the most ROMANTIC date you guys were expecting this chapter. I swear I was going to write it! I had a plot and everything! But when I start writing, it's as if these characters have their own lives written out that don't like to match my plot.

So this wasn't exactly the most ROMANTIC date you guys were expecting this chapter. I swear I was going to write it! I had a plot and everything! But when I start writing, it's as if these characters have their own lives written out that don't like to match my plot. So this wasn't exactly the most ROMANTIC date you guys were expecting this chapter. I swear I was going to write it! I had a plot and everything! But when I start writing, it's as if these characters have their own lives written out that don't like to match my plot. Don't worry though, the next chapter is the date. FOR SURE.

Don't worry though, the next chapter is the date. FOR SURE. Don't worry though, the next chapter is the date. FOR SURE. So what do you guys think will happen in their date?

So what do you guys think will happen in their date? So what do you guys think will happen in their date? Sorry I've been gone for a while! I love you guys so so so so so much!! I never thought we'd surpass 100k reads, but we did!! Go you guys!! Keep voting, commenting, and sharing this with your friends! You guys are amazing!

Sorry I've been gone for a while! I love you guys so so so so so much!! I never thought we'd surpass 100k reads, but we did!! Go you guys!! Keep voting, commenting, and sharing this with your friends! You guys are amazing! Sorry I've been gone for a while! I love you guys so so so so so much!! I never thought we'd surpass 100k reads, but we did!! Go you guys!! Keep voting, commenting, and sharing this with your friends! You guys are amazing! I'll leave my author's note at that. If you want to check out a fun Christmas holiday read, try out my new short story, "Snowflakes, Kisses, and Christmas Wishes".

I'll leave my author's note at that. If you want to check out a fun Christmas holiday read, try out my new short story, "Snowflakes, Kisses, and Christmas Wishes". I'll leave my author's note at that. If you want to check out a fun Christmas holiday read, try out my new short story, "Snowflakes, Kisses, and Christmas Wishes". -Summer

-Summer -Summer





Tip Thirty-Six: Don't Kill him on the First Date


WARNING: AUTHOR HAS NO SKILL OF WRITING ROMANCE. EVACUATE CHAPTER DUE TO LACK OF ROMANTIC EXPERIENCE OF THE AUTHOR. I'M NOT ROMANTIC PLEASE DON'T JUDGE ME I BEG YOU KMS. (proceed with the chapter now)

WARNING: AUTHOR HAS NO SKILL OF WRITING ROMANCE. EVACUATE CHAPTER DUE TO LACK OF ROMANTIC EXPERIENCE OF THE AUTHOR. I'M NOT ROMANTIC PLEASE DON'T JUDGE ME I BEG YOU KMS. (proceed with the chapter now) WARNING: AUTHOR HAS NO SKILL OF WRITING ROMANCE. EVACUATE CHAPTER DUE TO LACK OF ROMANTIC EXPERIENCE OF THE AUTHOR. I'M NOT ROMANTIC PLEASE DON'T JUDGE ME I BEG YOU KMS. (proceed with the chapter now) James opens the door to the passenger's seat and gestures for me to get inside the pick-up truck. He bows his head like a Prince asking for a dance, and I roll my eyes at the exaggerated courtesy.

"What am I, The Royal Princess of Genovia?" I joke, remembering one of my favorite books, The Princess Diaries.

He chuckles as he closes the door. He walks around the vehicle, and hops into the drivers seat.

"You couldn't pass for a princess even if you tried. You have unbelievably uncoordinated feet, a passion for hugging the floor, and you sort of eat like an animal." he tells me.

I look at him with my mouth hanging wide open. I try to keep my face looking as shocked/angry/kill yourself as possible, but my lips end up curling into a smile since all of that was true.

"I think you're doing this romance thing wrong. I'm almost 100% sure that you're supposed to compliment a girl on the first date." I state, looking into his eyes and challenging him to counter my idea.

He leans in, close enough that I can feel his breath on my skin and smell the scent of his cologne. "So how would you advise me to do this 'romance thing' right?" he whispers, his voice rough.

"I think..." I start, leaning closer to him, placing my hand, lightly on his cheek.

"I think you should start driving or else we're going to have our first date in the comfort of my house." I finish, pulling away from him and reaching for my seatbelt.

"Even if we got stuck in the middle of nowhere, it would still be the perfect date because I'd be with you...and being with you puts the brightness of the sun to shame." He gives me another one of those crooked smiles, reminding me of the ones he used to give me when we were growing up.

"Hallmark's calling, they want their card back." I blurt out, then quickly cover my mouth.

Shut it Lara! You're blowing it! Oh gosh, he's actually being sweet and you don't even have an inch of romance in your body.

Shut it Lara! You're blowing it! Oh gosh, he's actually being sweet and you don't even have an inch of romance in your body. He sighs, "Of course."

He turns the engine on, and begins to drive. I look out the window at the sky, the sun almost gone although it's only half past five. November does have its quirks. The thing about colder months is that the sky always seems to be dark. There's less and less daylight with every passing day.

I look over at James, who is focused on the road. I begin to get lost in observation. Observing the difference in his hair today, it's styled up so that none of it covers his forehead. His eyes, brighter even though the climate contrasts any feeling of warmth. His jaw, relaxed, probably not thinking of anything near stressful.

"I know I'm pretty, but if you stare any longer I'm going to have to stop the car in the middle of the road just to beat you in a staring contest." he states, making me chuckle.

"Where'd you get the pick-up truck by the way?" I ask him, changing the topic of interest.

"It's my cousin's truck." he answers.

"Why did you have to borrow it? You have your own car." I wonder out loud.

A smile forms on his face. "Ah, so I do. The answer to that is my car will not work for this occasion."

"Can you just tell me where we're going? For all I know, you could be taking revenge on me for all of my threats!" I exclaim dramatically like the extra person that I am.



"Fine. I'll tell you." he sighs.

"What is it?" I ask excitedly.

"I'm taking you to Shawn Mendes' concert at the ACC." he sighs again, but smiles widely short after.

I scream.

No, I'm not kidding, I actually scream. My smile reaches from ear to ear as I turn in my seat and lunge towards him, wrapping both arms around him and hugging him tightly. Have you ever just wanted to ki-

"Just kidding." he says.

-kill someone in the harshest way possible letting every inch of their body suffer before taking their life?

My subconscious is telling me to do it with my bare hands.

There is silence, as my smile falls.

"Um...Lara? Ha-ha...was that not a good joke?" he chuckles nervously, probably regretting not having a pre-written will. While he's regretting that, I'm regretting not taking advantage of Kiera's Netflix account because I'm not getting that luxury in jail.

"James. Why don't you pull over and stop the car for a moment." I state calmly, and that's what I think scares him the most. Without uttering a single word, we pull over and he stops the car.

"So sweetheart-" he starts, but I respond with multiple slaps on his arm. (I hit him kind of harder than I usually do because 1) I like him a little more and 2) I want to injure him for his terrible joke.)

"Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow..." he repeats for the next 5 minutes.

After 10 minutes are up, (5 of which were used waiting for him to regain feeling in his right arm) we continue on our way to wherever our date destination is.

*2 and a half hours later*

*2 and a half hours later* After bickers that ended with blushes and hand holding, we finally reach our destination and it is nightfall. Well, it's technically only 7, but still it's dark.

I get out of the car and look at the sign that is near our parking space. Torrance Barrens Dark Sky Preserve, the sign reads and I start grinning like an idiot.

Torrance Barrens Dark Sky Preserve, When I look back at James, he's standing in the back of the truck, with a dozen pillows and blankets covering the whole platform. He holds up a little picnic basket and I shake my head.

"You always said you wanted to see the stars, didn't you?" he yells, and I walk forward to him. He sticks out a hand and helps me up onto the back platform.

"I did. You remembered because you always remember everything, don't you?"

"In seventh grade we were learning about the planets and the stars and you said that you never saw a sky full of stars in your life. People asked you if you've ever been camping and you said no. I called you out and said that you would never camp because your face would scare the animals out of the forest." he recalls, chuckling at the memory.

"Do you remember what happened next?"

"Yup. Your fist kissed my face ever so romantically." he sighs.

"Careful that history doesn't repeat itself... But thanks. This is, this is nice." I manage to say in awestruck wonder.

We sit down on the layers of blankets, providing a soft cushion like a bed. He pulls out some food from inside the picnic basket and lays the containers in front of us.

"So for the main course I made some lasagna, some garlic bread, and wait for it... fried chicken ." he announces.

fried chicken "You didn't."



"I did," he assures me, pulling the container of fried chicken out. I (violently) grab it from his hands and open the container. I examine the fried chicken, then taste it.

With a stuffed mouth, I say, "God has blessed you with cooking skill."

He rolls his eyes, brushing off the compliment.

"If you cooked for me everyday, I would be the happiest girl in the entire universe." I tell him, again, with my mouth full because I forgot my table manners in my other jacket at home.

"I could do that." he nods. "There's a catch though."

"What is it?" I question, so intrigued that I put the chicken down.

"If you wake up beside me every morning...without y'know without kicking me off of the bed." James says, then right after, he turns red like a tomato.

My eyes widen.

"S-sorry," he stutters, shaking his head. "I made you very uncomfortable, didn't I?"

"Yeah...um... I don't think I'll be able to do that James. I like you and all but-but if I wake up to your face every morning, there's going to be some kicking or punching of sort." I comment, then go back to my fried chicken.

"How does one eat fried chicken so aggressively?" James interrupts.

"It's called talent."

We finish up our dinner and the sky gets darker by the passing hours. James also brought some other snacks, including some home made caramel cookies, and lots of popcorn.

Soon enough, the skies clear up, revealing the universe itself. I takes me a moment to register it. A sky full of thousands of stars. When you've lived in one of the brightest cities, gazing at the night sky becomes something miraculous.

I hold the blanket closer to myself, trying to keep warm since it got a bit colder. When it doesn't work, I subtly inch closer to James and he not-so -subtly wraps both his arms around me, pressing my head on his chest. So there we lie, on the back of a pick-up truck, snuggled up in blankets and a dozen pillows, looking in awe at the stars, each hand-crafted by God himself.

"Lara?" James whispers.

"James?"

"Listen, I don't want to rush you, or force you into anything. So, if you're not ready to be my girlfriend, it's okay. I respect that and more so, I respect you."

"Thank you. I appreciate that."

"But...if perhaps, a guy were to ask you out...could you, maybe, tell a little lie and say that you have a boyfriend?"

"I'm not a liar. So if I'm going to say I have a boyfriend, it better be true." I state, looking him in the eye.

"Will you be my girlfriend?"

"Eh. Why not? You made me fried chicken after all." I shrug. My answer makes him laugh, but also makes him grin wildly.

Trying to hide my smiling face, that is uncontrollably blushing, I roll over quickly. It doesn't last long before he grabs my arm and shifts my body so that I'm facing him again.

He takes both hands, lifting them to my face and cupping my cheeks lightly. I place my hands on the base of his neck as he leans forward. His lips brush against mine, not aggressively or possessive, but soft and slow. It's the kind of kiss that doesn't come with exploding fireworks or a magical spark. Instead it's the kind of kiss where you know that it could linger on your lips forever, even if you parted. It's the kind of kiss that doesn't want anything more than to be in the arms of one another. It's the kind of kiss that makes you a bit dizzy, and a bit crazy, but you still end up loving every second of it.

I kiss him back, with the same intesity. It's that kiss that seems to stop time. It's that kiss that's so magical that you could forget how to breathe and not even care. It's that kiss that makes you believe that maybe fairytales come true sometimes. It's the kiss that could never grow old. We part, and I take a deep breath.

He smiles, that dorky smile of his. "Lara, what's 1+1?" he whispers against my lips, his forehead pressed against mine.

"Lara, what's 1+1?" " James ." I say softly, as I exhale, not remembering any words except that one name. I plant my lips on his again, already missing his touch. His hands find their way to my waist as he pulls me in closer and kisses me back.

James Yeah. Our kiss is the kind of kiss that makes you forget what numbers are and what adding is and even what your own name is.

And frankly, I didn't really need to remember my name anyways.

Hi!!!

Hi!!! Hi!!! Merry (late) Christmas to you guys and Happy (almost) New Years as well! Hope your holidays are going awesome!

Merry (late) Christmas to you guys and Happy (almost) New Years as well! Hope your holidays are going awesome! Merry (late) Christmas to you guys and Happy (almost) New Years as well! Hope your holidays are going awesome! Anyways, I had a tough time writing this. I do not romance. I know you guys want romance, and I want romance, but my brain does not romance. It's a problem, I know. I was like, "Lemme make a cute line that people can quote like how they do in TFIOS and stuff", but it ain't easy.

Anyways, I had a tough time writing this. I do not romance. I know you guys want romance, and I want romance, but my brain does not romance. It's a problem, I know. I was like, "Lemme make a cute line that people can quote like how they do in TFIOS and stuff", but it ain't easy. Anyways, I had a tough time writing this. I do not romance. I know you guys want romance, and I want romance, but my brain does not romance. It's a problem, I know. I was like, "Lemme make a cute line that people can quote like how they do in TFIOS and stuff", but it ain't easy. If you guys found any part of this chapter "quotable" comment the line here so that I can have a good laugh.

If you guys found any part of this chapter "quotable" comment the line here so that I can have a good laugh. If you guys found any part of this chapter "quotable" comment the line here so that I can have a good laugh. Hope it was good enough. This is as good as romance can get from an author who speed walked away from a random boy that she humiliated herself in front of at church on Christmas eve. (I'll explain later in the special chapter I'm posting tomorrow.)

Hope it was good enough. This is as good as romance can get from an author who speed walked away from a random boy that she humiliated herself in front of at church on Christmas eve. (I'll explain later in the special chapter I'm posting tomorrow.) Hope it was good enough. This is as good as romance can get from an author who speed walked away from a random boy that she humiliated herself in front of at church on Christmas eve. (I'll explain later in the special chapter I'm posting tomorrow.) Love you guys!!!

Love you guys!!! Love you guys!!! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :) P.S. Are you guys excited about the "special" chapter?

P.S. Are you guys excited about the "special" chapter? P.S. Are you guys excited about the "special" chapter?





Tip 36.5


[Special Chapter]

James

James I don't know what came over me when I kissed her. Obviously, I really wanted to kiss her for a while now. I already had the plan to ask her first so I wouldn't be invading her space like the last time I couldn't help myself. That was terrible. Instead of actually getting my lips on hers, I got humiliated and a bruise on my thigh.

As our lips met, I didn't remember any of that.

All I knew was that I was tasting perfection in it's most beautiful form. And this time, she was kissing me back. I kiss her in a way that I've never kissed anyone before. It's different with her. When I kiss her, I think about all the ways I want her. Kissing her, not thinking about how she looks or about her body, but loving every inch of her soul and mind and everything about her.

She breaks the kiss to take a breath. There's a small, delightful smile on her lips, and a mischievous twinkle in her eye, though she doesn't look at me.

Oh God help me. She's going to kill me.

I place my forehead on hers, listening to the sound of her breathing. "Lara, what's 1+1?" I whisper against her lips, waiting for an answer.

"Lara, what's 1+1?" "James." she whispers as she exhales, then presses her lips on mine again. Seeing that the answer to 1+1 is my name, I'm pretty sure she's enjoying herself. The sound of my name coming from her lips makes me love her even more. The way she says it is making me go insane.

"James." The funny thing is, I don't think she even knows that she has this effect on me.

I get lost in the kiss. I think we both lose ourselves for a couple of minutes, addicted to one another in a way that we've never been.

Finally, she breaks the kiss. As I look down at her face, illuminated by the light of the stars, I become mesmerized by her. Just her. Simply looking at Lara gives me goosebumps. When she doesn't say anything, I begin to get concerned. What if she actually really hated the kiss? What if she wants to break up with me?

Please don't break up with me. I need you forever and it's only been 5 minutes. I plead internally.

Please don't break up with me. I need you forever and it's only been 5 minutes. "So..." I start awkwardly, trying to get her to say anything at all.

"Damn it. You stole it from me." she pouts adorably, and I fight the urge to wipe that pout off of her face by kissing her again.

"Stole?" I ask, confused.

"You stole my first kiss." she says.

"Oh. You've never been kissed?" Although I'm not entirely shocked since she does love to threaten any males within a 10 feet radius from her, I'm still surprised. I thought she would've kissed a guy before, maybe in like a kindergarten fake wedding at least.

"Yeah." she admits shyly, pulling the blanket up to cover her face, revealing only her beautiful brown eyes.

I push the blanket back down and lean in to plant a small kiss on the tip of her nose. "I'm sorry sweetheart, but I'm the best thief in the city and I'm gonna steal all of your kisses, whether you like it or not."

That earns a cute giggle from her. It's weird hearing her giggle since she usually laughs somewhat loudly. Either way, it makes my heart beat a little faster.

"My parents might kill us since we're out so late." she tells me, but I just smile.

"They won't. They knew what our date plan was."

She lets out a relieved sigh.

"But it is late. Let's get you home."

We clean up the pillows and the blankets and load them into the backseat of the truck. I open the door and she hops into the passenger seat, holding a blanket wrapped around herself. I get into the drivers seat and we start driving home.

We talk for the first 30 minutes of the drive home, but after that she falls asleep for the next 2 hours. I don't wake her up because she looks so cute as she snores softly.

When we get to her house, I try to wake her up to tell her that we're here. But she just slaps my hands, and mumbles things as she's barely conscious. I figure that there's no other way, and I carry her out of the truck, to the front door.

Trying to support her weight, I use my elbow to ring the doorbell. Luckily, Illa stays up very late so she gets the door. She opens the door and let's us in.

"How was the date, Kuya James?" Illa asks me, yawning.

"It went very well and I'm still alive with minimal injuries." I state proudly.

"I see, I see. So what, you drugged my sister?" she accuses, pointing to Lara, probably drooling on my shoulder.

"Nope. She just ate a lot of fried chicken and fell asleep." I answer and Illa nods.

"Sounds like Ate Ara. Just bring her up, I guess. It's the last room from the stairs." she shrugs, then goes back to watching T.V.

Following instructions, I take off my shoes and head upstairs. I make my way to her bedroom, which is the furthest one to the left. I turn the doorknob and flick the light switch.

Her room is smaller than mine, but it's so much more interesting. She has probably almost a hundred books, taking up half of her room. Her stuff consists of anything geeky, mixed with some girly decor.

When we get inside, I gently place her into her bed. I lay the blanket on top of her and she snuggles comfortably.

I turn to leave when I notice something on her nightstand. It's a box. I open the box to see a ring, a ring so familiar because I made it.

And she kept it.

Even when we weren't friends, she still had it.

I take the little ring out of the box and slip it onto her pinky finger.

"Goodnight. I love you." I whisper before kissing her cheek ever so lightly.

I turn off the light and close the door as I leave her room. As I shut the door, my brain registers the words that just left my mouth.

I love her.

I love her. I'm back y'all!

I'm back y'all! I'm back y'all! As promised, that was your special chapter. When reading comments, I saw that a lot of people wanted a James P.O.V. so I decided to write one. This isn't chapter 37 but 36.5 so it's short. Hope you liked it nonetheless!

As promised, that was your special chapter. When reading comments, I saw that a lot of people wanted a James P.O.V. so I decided to write one. This isn't chapter 37 but 36.5 so it's short. Hope you liked it nonetheless! As promised, that was your special chapter. When reading comments, I saw that a lot of people wanted a James P.O.V. so I decided to write one. This isn't chapter 37 but 36.5 so it's short. Hope you liked it nonetheless! Okay.

Okay. Okay. Now for my storytime.

Now for my storytime. Now for my storytime. So one evening, miss author went to church for the Christmas eve mass. T'was the night before Christmas so she decided to wear some pretty cute heels, to look presentable there. The snow it was high, but she trudged through it all, though later embarrasment soon would resolve. As walking to the car, after mass which was finished, she felt pretty unbalanced and was almost tripping. So her cousin, on her right, she grabbed her arm, and continued to walk, down the pathway so far. After a good few seconds of holding her sleeve, her cousin turned to her, and what did author see? T'was not her cousin whom she was holding the arm of, but a tall teenage boy who smiled at her mistake!

So one evening, miss author went to church for the Christmas eve mass. T'was the night before Christmas so she decided to wear some pretty cute heels, to look presentable there. The snow it was high, but she trudged through it all, though later embarrasment soon would resolve. As walking to the car, after mass which was finished, she felt pretty unbalanced and was almost tripping. So her cousin, on her right, she grabbed her arm, and continued to walk, down the pathway so far. After a good few seconds of holding her sleeve, her cousin turned to her, and what did author see? T'was not her cousin whom she was holding the arm of, but a tall teenage boy who smiled at her mistake! So one evening, miss author went to church for the Christmas eve mass. T'was the night before Christmas so she decided to wear some pretty cute heels, to look presentable there. The snow it was high, but she trudged through it all, though later embarrasment soon would resolve. As walking to the car, after mass which was finished, she felt pretty unbalanced and was almost tripping. So her cousin, on her right, she grabbed her arm, and continued to walk, down the pathway so far. After a good few seconds of holding her sleeve, her cousin turned to her, and what did author see? T'was not her cousin whom she was holding the arm of, but a tall teenage boy who smiled at her mistake! So she quickly said sorry and then proceeded to run away.

So she quickly said sorry and then proceeded to run away. So she quickly said sorry and then proceeded to run away. *bows*

*bows* *bows* I'm very smooth in real life, guys.

I'm very smooth in real life, guys. I'm very smooth in real life, guys. -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Thirty-Seven: Don't Faint During Marriage Talk


*hilarious video above...guys this is REAL couples goals...gotta love Slice and Rice*

*hilarious video above...guys this is REAL couples goals...gotta love Slice and Rice* My eyes fly open on Sunday morning, and as I look around my room in confusion, I realize that I have no clue as to how I got to the safety of my bed. I look down at my clothes and see that I'm wearing the same outfit that I wore on the date. The last thing I remember was falling asleep in the car...

And then James trying to wake me up...

I think I might've slapped him when he tried to.

I groan as I turn myself over, reaching to unplug my cellphone from the wall. When my hand gets to the socket, I feel nothing. I squint, looking over there with super blurred vision. Of course, I didn't charge my cellphone since I was asleep.

I lazily get up, then put my eyeglasses on my face. Looking horrid as usual, I walk across the hallway and down the stairs to where our home phone is located. I pick up the phone and look through the contact list for the Bryer family.

I hold the phone to my ear, waiting for the ringing to end and someone to answer the phone. Finally, somebody picks up.

"Hello?" a tiny voice answers, and I'm assuming that it's Seb.

"Hi Seb! It's Ate Lara-" I start.

"Oh! Hi Ate Lara! When are you coming over again? You see, I got this new helicopter and I'm sure you'd really like it. It's almost as cool as a real one! It's red and white and it comes with a remote control and everything!" Seb tells me, adorably excited. The kid's absolutely amazing. He's literally sunshine in human form.

"Well...then I guess I have to come over sometime soon! I have to see that helicopter for myself." I tell him. Truth be told, I actually want to see that helicopter because I still act like a little kid that gets excited over toys and cartoons.

"Awesome!" he exclaims.

"Seb, do you think you could give the phone to your Kuya James? I need to tell him something." I ask, hoping that Seb will let me off the line and pass the phone to his brother. (Funny, I'd rather talk to Seb than my actual boy-fry.)

"Sure!"

I wait for the phone to be passed to James but instead hear some background voices.

"Seb, who are you talking to?" I presume it's Gabe's voice, because it has that fancy ring to it. Y'know, the "polite people" voice.

"Seb, who are you talking to?" "Ate Lara!" Seb tells him.

"Ate Lara!" "Oh I would like to talk to her!" I hear Gabe say, and realize that it might take a little longer to get to James than I initially thought.

"Oh I would like to talk to her!" "Sure!"

"Sure!" "Hello Ate Lara!" Gabe greets me.

"Hi Gabe! How's it going?"

"I'm fine, but I'd like to ask a favour if I may?" he poses the question in such a way that you'd be embarrassed to say no.

"Shoot!"

"Alright then. I was wondering if you knew what kind of slime Illa wants? She asked me to pick up the most 'glorious' looking slime for her, but I don't know what colour she wants. What do you think?"

Okay, I love my sister, no doubt. But, why is this girl asking sweet, innocent, polite, gentle, Gabriel, for slime? I am one hundred percent sure that Illa uses slime for nothing else but evil. A few months sgo, I woke up to a bucket of blue slime being poured down on my face.

"She would probably want a greenish-bluish kind...but why is she asking you for slime?" I wonder.

"She said something about revenge on Kaden Lee, and I've always really hated that guy, so I'm helping her out." he answers and immediately my eyes widen.



Oh yeah. I forgot about lending her my revenge book.

Okay, so maybe there was some really gross prank that involved slime that I wrote in there, but as long as the plan is not against me, I'm all for it.

"Oh o-kay. Anyways, Gabe could you pass the phone to your Kuya James? I just need to tell him something." I ask for the second time today.

"Okay."

Again, I wait for the phone to be passed, but there is a surge of talking in the background.

"Who's that on the phone?" a woman's voice asks-Tita Gia, of course.

"Who's that on the phone?" "It's Ate Lara." Gabe answers, informing her about my presence on the phone.

"It's Ate Lara." "Oh pass the phone over!" she orders, sounding like a commander.

"Oh pass the phone over!" "Hi Lara!" Her tone of voice has totally gone through a 360 degree turn.

"Hi Tita! How are you?" I return the greeting.

"I'm absolutely fantastic! I heard the good news today!" she squeals. I guess that makes sense, it is Sunday after all.

"The bible does make one feel awesome..." I start, thinking that Tita Gia is just overly excited by the book of John or something. I mean, what can I say, I'm pretty fond of it myself.

"I meant the other good news, dear! You guys are finally dating! I'm so so so so happy! Congratulations!" she shouts, so happily, as if James and I were already getting married.

"Oh...um...thanks? Anyways, Tita, could you pass the phone to James? I need to tell him something." I say, trying to get out of the conversation as fast as possible, before she starts talking about a proposal or something insane like that.

She agrees to pass the phone, but with the amount of background noise, I know that I'm not going to speak to my boy-fry anytime soon. Honestly, I don't expect anything more, when it's not James who picks up the phone, but Tito Danny.

"Lara! Congratulations! I heard that my son finally came to his senses! This is living proof that miracles do come true! I-I don't even know what to say. This is like the blind man seeing again. After all these years of betting with our family friends on you guys being together-" he starts and I almost choke on my own saliva.

"Wait- betting ?" Betting? People were betting ?

betting betting "You guys are together!" he shouts, he ignores my last question.

"Wait...Tito, you guys were betting ?" I repeat, still very shook.

betting "Yeah! Us, your parents, Tito Hector, Tita Elsa, Lola Maja, Ninang Claudia, Ate Tiff-"

Oh. My. Gosh.

So basically all of my relatives were in on this, trying to pair two little kids. If that's not creepy and weird, I don't know what is.

"Wow. Y'all were shipping since the diaper days." I laugh, slightly uncomfortably since I just found out that all my loved ones are betting on my love life. Dang.

"What's a 'shipping'?" Tito Danny asks.

"Nevermind. But can I talk to James?"

"Of course."

Finally, the phone gets passed again. This time, to the second last family member of the household, Lola Edna.

"Kumusta ang date nyo Lara?" (How was your date?) she asks.

"Mabuti naman po. Medyo napagod lang ako." (It was good. I'm just a bit tired.)

"Kailan kayo magpapakasal?" (When are you guys getting married?"



Fishballs.

Shizballs.

Crabapples.

And sauce.

I laugh, both hysterically and uncomfortably, feeling like I might pass out. "Matagal na matagal na matagal pa po." (In a very, very, very long time.)

She laughs on the other end. "Sige, kausapin mo na ang apo ko." (Okay, you can talk to my grandson now.)

With that, the phone is finally passed to James. Finally.

"So sweetheart, you had a nice morning chat with my family?"

"I had to talk to everyone before I got to you. It was a very weird chat, considering it's like your family members think you proposed. I honestly thought it would never end."

everyone "You know I love your calls, but why are you calling? Like, on the home phone? You could have just called my cellphone, in order to avoid the marriage talk." he wonders, chuckling.

"I don't know where my cellphone is, and I don't have your phone number memorized." I admit.

"Hmm...my number isn't memorized? I guess I can't help you then..."

"James!" I shout.

"So you don't have your cell phone?"

"Nope."

"If it wasn't in your pocket when I carried you up, then you must've left it in the truck." he concludes.

"Probably...could you get it for me? Pleeeease ?" I ask, in the most cutesy voice I can possibly muster.

Pleeeease "I dunno, I have to think about it." he says in a sing-song voice, trying to annoy me.

"C'mon!"

"Oh gosh, I'm feeling incredibly lazy today..." he repeats the same tone of voice.

"Seriously? Do you want me to go over there and slap you?" I threaten over the phone.

"Kind of? Minus the slapping part, of course." he answers, acting smart. "Alright fine. I'll drive over to my cousin's house to get your cellphone, then I'll bring it to you. Is that okay?"

"That's-"

"Kuya! When's Ate Lara coming over?" I hear Seb ask James.

"Kuya! When's Ate Lara coming over?" "Next time, bud." he answers.

"Next time, bud." "Aww..."

"Aww..." "Um, James? Bring my cell to your house and I'll come over to pick it up." I decide to quit being a lazy couch potato all of a sudden because of Seb. I mean, sure I'd go to their house for James...if he was dying. However, Seb is a different story. How can you resist a 6 year-old?

"Oh alright. I'll see you later then. I'll call you when I'm home with your cellphone."

"Yerp. Bye bye now."

"Bye sweetheart." With that, we hang up the phone and I let out a long sigh.

***

I recieve a call on the landline at around 5 in the evening, and I answer it right away.



"Hello?"

"Hey! I just got your cellphone. I'll see you at my place?" James checks.

"Thanks and yes."

"Care to reward the best boyfriend ever with a kiss?"

"I'm rolling my eyes at you at the moment." I tell him.

"I know you love me sweetheart." he states cockiness ever so present in his voice.

"Do I? Do I really?"



"Oh yeah...I was meaning to ask you if you solved the sum of 1+1. Weren't you having trouble with your math yesterday?" he reminds me, mocking me through the phone.

"Oh shut up. Now put your phone away and start driving back." I retort.

"Yeah, yeah, I'm getting into the car right now."

"Drive safe, okay?"

"I'm the best driver ever. Bye!"

"See you later." With that, I hang up the phone.

I shove my keys in my jacket pocket. As I leave the house, the chilly air travels up into my chest as I take a deep breath. I start walking towards his house, hoping that the sun would peek through the clouds and send even the littlest bit of warmth.

I blow warm air onto my hands as I rub them together. My breath creates a cloud in the air, which I've always hated during the cold seasons.

Winter is soon coming, and I honestly hate the feeling. I don't understand how people can like winter. It's cold and dark and it can put me in the worst mood. Every year, winter is bitter and cold, yet I still haven't gotten used to it. At least it's not January...that's when it gets bad.

I make it to the large house and ring the doorbell. There are quick footsteps then the door opens abruptly.

"Ate Lara!" Seb shouts, and goes in for a hug. I hug him back and carry him back into the house.

"So Seb, where's the new helicopter?" I ask right away.

"It's in my room. Wait here, I'll bring it down." he tells me, before rushing upstairs to get the toy.

I hang my jacket on the coat closet, make my way to their living room and plop myself down onto their comfy leather couch. Tita Gia walks into the room and her face lights up when she sees me.

"Lara! I was wondering when you were going to get here. Your Tito Danny and I are just going to go to the theatre." she explains, as she clasps her Pandora bracelet onto her wrist and takes a seat beside me.

Tito Danny follows behind her, and adjusts his tie as he says, "We're seeing a performance of Phantom of the Opera. I really hope it's good."

"If it's not, I'll be nagging you all night about how we should've gone to the Swan Lake ballet." Tita Gia sends him a look, before getting up from her place.

Tito Danny just rolls his eyes at her.

"When James does arrive, please call me if he's being annoying. He's kind of a handful." Tita Gia informs me, acting as if I haven't spent my whole life beside him already.

"And feel free to take anything from the fridge." Tito Danny says.

"Ah, you know it!" I exclaim in response.

"Yeah, that's why you're my daughter I never had!" he yells back.

"Alright then. Bye hon! Take care!" Tita Gia gives me a light hug and walks towards the door.

As the door closes behind them, Seb rushes downstairs with his helicopter. "Ate Lara! Ate Lara!" Instead of a helicopter that I was expecting, he holds out a drone.

A professional drone.

Why does he have a professional drone?

He places it on my lap and I hold it, examining it to make sure that my eyes are not deceiving me. The drone is brand new and looks like it had just came out from the box.

"Seb, who gave you this?" I wonder out loud, both in shock and confusion.

"Dad bought it at the store. It's a weird looking helicopter though...I'm not sure how to use it." he says, eyeing the drone.



My parents won't even buy me a new phone case! How did Tito Danny buy his six-year old son a freaking drone!

"I see..." I reply, still shocked.

"Can you make it fly?" Seb asks, handing over the remote control.

"Sorry Seb, I don't know how."

After my response, he shoves the instruction book into my other hand. "There you go." he smiles, showing off his cute little dimples. I realize that Seb is literally the mini version of James, and I laugh.

"We have to go outside to fly this thing...and it's really cold." I explain to him, in hopes that maybe he'll switch his attention to another activity, preferably one that is indoors.

"We have jackets." he points out, walking over to the closet.

"Yeah but-"

" Please Ate Lara." he pleas, giving me cute little puppy dog eyes that I just cannot resist. His cute little face just tugs on my cold, dark, scary, heart, and I wince because I already know my response.

Please "Alright."

Half an hour later, we finally got the drone up in the air in the backyard. It's only been up there for a few seconds but Seb is already amazed.

"You're the best drone controller ever, Ate Lara!" he exclaims.

"Of course I am!" At the moment, I'm pretty sure gloating is a necessity because I'm usually very bad when it comes to these things. Someone always gets hurt and it's usually me.

"Do you think Kuya James can fly a drone?" Seb asks, looking up at me.

"Nah. I don't think so. Not as well as me." I say jokingly.

It's as if karma decides to bite back because of one joke. Immediately after I utter those words, I lose control of the drone and it flies over the house to where we cannot see it. We hear a loud yell.

"Ouch!"

Seb and I exchange panicked glances and sprint to the front yard, where James is on the ground, trying to sit back up.

"Kuya!" Seb shouts, as we run to him. "Are you okay?"

James looks up at him, with furrowed brows. "I think so...how did you lose control of this, Bud?" he asks, holding the drone up.

"It wasn't me!" Seb answers, throwing me under the bus.

James looks at me and I take a step back, scratching the back of my neck. I give him I sheepish smile, but he just returns a confused expression.

"Who are you?" he says, and I glare at him.

"Ha-ha so funny. You don't get selective amnesia by getting hit with a drone, Bryer." I roll my eyes and grab his arm.

He hastily pulls his arm from my grasp. "I-I'm not kidding. I don't know you."

At that point, I get kind of worried. Obviously the dude's got some brain damage since birth...but the drone couldn't have hit him that hard. Right?

that "Seb, bring your drone to the backyard." I say and he follows without question.

I place my hands on his neck and look him in the eye. Standing on my toes, I try to move my face closer to his. The least he can do is lean down!

He lowers his head a little bit, and I plant a small kiss on his lips. As I pull away, the tiniest smile on his lips is a dead giveaway.

"You got hit with a drone that was flying pretty low. You weren't in a freaking car accident. I'm not stupid." I shake my head, with smile tugging on my lips.

"So...I'm not winning actor of the year anytime soon?" His arm wraps around my waist and he pulls me close.

"Nope."

"On the other hand...Lara why do you have to injure me before I even enter my own house! WITH A DRONE !"

WITH A DRONE I bite my lip.

There was no explaining that.

*Sighs*

*Sighs* *Sighs* (Don't worry...I edited my stupidity out haha...the people who read the early update know what I'm talking about.)

(Don't worry...I edited my stupidity out haha...the people who read the early update know what I'm talking about.) (Don't worry...I edited my stupidity out haha...the people who read the early update know what I'm talking about.) Hey guys! I finally got to give you guys a pretty long chapter! Woo hoo! I was originally planning to end this story at 40 chapters but you and I both know that there's still much in store for these guys. So, grab onto your seat belts, and buckle up, because we're gonna get a little crazy. Oh, and if you think the third wheeling part of the book was done because Lara scored herself a boy-fry...

Hey guys! I finally got to give you guys a pretty long chapter! Woo hoo! I was originally planning to end this story at 40 chapters but you and I both know that there's still much in store for these guys. So, grab onto your seat belts, and buckle up, because we're gonna get a little crazy. Oh, and if you think the third wheeling part of the book was done because Lara scored herself a boy-fry... Hey guys! I finally got to give you guys a pretty long chapter! Woo hoo! I was originally planning to end this story at 40 chapters but you and I both know that there's still much in store for these guys. So, grab onto your seat belts, and buckle up, because we're gonna get a little crazy. Oh, and if you think the third wheeling part of the book was done because Lara scored herself a boy-fry... This book is called "How To Be The Best Third Wheel" for crying out loud!

This book is called "How To Be The Best Third Wheel" for crying out loud! This book is called "How To Be The Best Third Wheel" for crying out loud! Love you guys! I shall see you in the next update when it comes!

Love you guys! I shall see you in the next update when it comes! Love you guys! I shall see you in the next update when it comes! -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :) P.S. If I die in english class, I want you to play Fake Love on the violin at my funeral. (Do you guys remember which chapter that was from?)

P.S. If I die in english class, I want you to play Fake Love on the violin at my funeral. (Do you guys remember which chapter that was from?) P.S. If I die in english class, I want you to play Fake Love on the violin at my funeral. (Do you guys remember which chapter that was from?)





Tip Thirty-Eight: Don't be Jackie Chan in your Sleep


"Why do you have to be so...so not good at not almost killing people every few seconds?" James whines. I place an ice pack on his forehead, and he winces a bit.

So I wasn't good at safely greeting people...a lot of people aren't! It isn't uncommon. It's not like he died or anything.

died "I don't know. If I knew, I'd probably fix it so that I don't hurt myself too often." I reply, finishing up with the ice pack and placing it on the counter.

He sighs, "That drone was pretty heavy, y'know." He raises his eyebrows at me and I return an awkward smile.

"Yeah...sorry about that." I apologize again. Okay, maybe one feels the slightest guilt when accidentally hurting one's boy-fry with a drone. But what can a girl do if she's naturally clumsy!

slightest "Sometimes I don't know why I like you so much." he states, and I take a step backward, holding my hands on my hips.

I roll my eyes."Ah please. As Logan usually says, 'You're whipped as fu-'"

"Oh so she swears now?" he interrupts, sporting an amused grin.

"FYI, I was gonna say 'fudge'." I retort, then proceed to stick out my tongue.

"Sure you were." he smiles and nods his head.

"Anyways, I was going to tell you the reason why you like me so much."

"And what might that be?" he asks, crossing his arms and standing up so that he towers over my short self.

"Seriously? Look at all this." I say, gesturing to myself. "Only a select few have beauty this stunning." I finish, giving him a playful wink.

"I thought I was the cocky one in this relationship." he laughs, shaking his head at me.

"You are. And I'm the honest one."

James pushes back a loose strand of hair from my face, behind my ear. He opens his mouth to say something and continue our little banter, when we hear a call from the living room.

"Ate Lara!" Seb calls and James lets out a deep breath.

I head straight to the living room, where Seb is sprawled on the couch, fidgeting with the T.V. remote. He jumps from his spot and grabs my hand. "Ate Lara, wanna watch a movie with me?"

"Sure, why not." I follow him to the couch, where he presses play on the movie.

James walks over and takes a seat on the couch beside me. He lifts Seb up to his lap, then places an arm around my shoulder. The warmth radiating off his body gives me such comfort. As I lean in closer, resting my head on his chest and hugging Seb with my other arm, I realize that maybe this is what I really want to have in my life.

Someone to be there for me, not because they have to, but because I'm the person they want to have in their arms.

The movie starts and I try to keep my eyes open and pay attention to what is happening. However, my eyelids let gravity get the best of them. Before I can even notice, I am sound asleep in the same position that I started with...

***

" Lara? " the faint sound of my name being called pulls me out of the hypnotic sleep that overpowered my body earlier. Slowly, I open my eyes to the blinding fluorescent lighting of the room.

Lara? "What do you want?" I groan in a groggy voice, rubbing my eyes with the back of my hand. "I just wanna sleep." With that, I turn away, shrinking back into a little ball.

James' hand reaches for my arm, but I slap it away, not ready to welcome the reality of waking up. I just really like sleep. If nobody woke me up, I could probably end up like Sleeping Beauty amd sleep for a hundred years...well, I'd end of dying of course.



Instead of going away, and letting me be (which is what a nice person would do), James gets even closer, until he's literally lying on my side like a dead corpse. It's pretty terrible, considering how heavy he is. I try to shove him off, with no luck because of the way my body's positioned.

"Get off me!" I groan again. "You're destroying my internal organs Bryer!"

"If I get off you, you have to fully wake up and not try to fall asleep again." he says, and I huff at the inconsiderate request.

"Fine!" I give in, wanting to preserve my liver and pancreas and such.

He gets off me, laughing like he normally does when he's being a complete annoyance. I shoot a glare at him, but he just returns a smirk. "So, I woke you up because it's been 2 hours since you fell asleep, and this is the second time I've tried to wake you."

" Okay? "

Okay? "Seb and I have already finished the movie and ate dinner. Before you ask why I ate without you, I tried to wake you up with no success." he explains, as if trying to wake me up was ever a successful mission.

My eyes find their way to a red-ish spot on his jawline. I frown as I study the mark. Inching closer to him, I place my hand on the abrasion. "What happened here? Were you in a fight?"

Obviously, the injury was not from the drone. That only affected his forehead. So the spot on his face... If it wasn't my fault, who did it?

He sighs. "Yes and no."

"What do you mean yes and no? Dude this is serious! Is someone trying to get revenge on you because they're hopelessly in love with me and can't believe that I'm going out with you?" I blurt out randomly.

What ? Who knows? Maybe somewhere in the world, I have am admirer that can't get over that I'm not available anymore, so they attacked him.

What Or not.

"It felt like a fight, because I was trying to protect my face from all the advances being made. But then again, the person was unconscious while kicking and punching." he raises an eyebrow at me.

Oh , so I was the cause of yet another injury. Oops.

Oh was "Well, you're the one who tried to wake me!" I exclaim in defense.

"Exactly! Which is why it took me another hour to muster up the courage to try and wake you up again!"

I don't really know how to respond to that. I mean, the punching and kicking was really unintentional. Plus, I was in a really deep sleep. I kind of recall a dream about fighting alongside Jackie Chan...

When he receives no reply from me, except a blank stare, he keeps talking. "Anyways, I had to wake you up this time because your mom just called and she wants you to go home. Apparently, something important's going on."

He then places my cellphone (the main reason that I came here) in my hand. I shift off from the couch and stretch, my body aching from the uncomfortable position I slept in. "Alright then. I'll be going."

"I'll drive you." He walks over to the coffee table and fetches his car keys.

"How about Seb?"

"Ate Kelly's putting him to sleep." he ensures me. "Want to grab a bite before you leave?"

"No thanks, I'm full." I lie, mostly because I can't stomach the fact that my mom wants me home for something "important". When there's some spontaneous "important" thing going on, it's almost always something bad. I just hope nobody got hurt or anything.



"Let's go then?" James starts heading towards the door and I follow.

Once we get into his Porsche, he turns on the radio to some station emitting a weather report that we just ignore. The engine sounds as the car starts, and we begin to my house. I look at the screen at the front, reading the time, 6:45 .

6:45 "I don't know if you're uneasy or if you're hungry. Honestly, I can't tell the difference." A look of concern flashes across his face and I give him a half smile.

"Both. And I'm also pretty sleepy still." I say honestly. "Hey, I'm actually sorry about accidentally punching you. It wasn't on purpose this time, I swear!"

"Don't worry, I know. I sure hope my next girlfriend has less Kung Fu Panda in her." he teases, nudging my arm with his elbow.

"But actually. I know I'm not exactly what you'd find ideal in a girlfriend. I can be pretty clumsy and dangerous. So, sorry I guess." I admit uncomfortably, suddenly feeling self-conscious.

I bet the other girls he dated were way nicer than you , my inner disapproving mind whispers.

I bet the other girls he dated were way nicer than you Why am I in such a mood today? I felt fine this morning. The flip my mindset went from being overly confident to completely insecure is bugging me.

I shake the thought out of my head, and try to focus on something else. Like the fact that the car had just stopped and we were now parked in front of my house. I undo my seatbelt and place my hand on the car door, ready to get out, when James grips my arm.

"Stay here for a minute." he says softly, still not letting go of my arm.

I slouch back into the seat and sigh.

"So you're suddenly feeling 'sorry' about my Lara-caused injuries, now ? Sweetheart, you've been terrorising me since Kindergarten ." he chuckles, seeming caught of guard by my previous statement.

now since Kindergarten He lifts a hand to my cheek, so that we're looking straight into each other's eyes. "Hey," he starts, in a serious tone now. "Is everything alright?"

"I-I...my mind's just kinda gone right now. I dunno, it's just that the thought of me being too much for you to handle was invading my mind and I know it's stupid but..." I stammer, trying to get the words out.

"I don't care if I end up with a broken body, because let's be real, you're kind of a safety hazard." he jokes, and a smile begins to form on my face. "But if I didn't risk that, I'd have a broken heart. Now that's a thousand times worse."

"Your heart is part of your body though."

He raises a finger to my lips. "Shh...you should really try not to interrupt romantic moments that I'm trying to create. You're kind of a buzz-kill." He smirks at the last sentence and I roll my eyes, both of us remembering the time when that was exactly what he thought of me.

"You're still an idiot." I tease, poking him on the shoulder.

"At least I'm your idiot now." he chimes, then places his lips on mine. In an instant, the reassuring quick kiss is over, but I still feel the tingly sensation on my mouth.

"Can we go inside my house now?" I say right after, as if nothing happened.

He nods and we both get out of his car. As we walk up my driveway, I notice that there's another car parked there, beside my mom's car. I squint, trying to get a better look at it, although it's almost impossible with the darkness. All that I can make out is the sign on the front. Oh wow.

It's a Mercedes-Benz, and a very new one as well.

But it's also one that I do not recognize.

"Who's car is that?" James asks, stepping closer to it and pointing.

"I actually don't know," I reply. "I guess we'll find out."

I grab my keys from my jacket pocket and open the front door. As it opens fully, the sound of loud chatter and commotion greets us. It takes me a second to take it all in. I had a big family, yes, but this noise was more than just my family.

No, this noise was the equivalent of two families.

I see my mom rushing towards us with a smile, trying to hide her exhaustion that is evident in her eyes. In the background, I stare at a little boy running around my house, almost knocking over a vase. In an instant, the sound of a crying baby fills the entire household. I stare at my mom in confusion.

"Ara, dumating na ang Tita Trisha at Tito Ricardo mo." (Ara, your Tita Trisha and Tito Ricardo have arrived.) she tells me, still trying to hold a smile although I can tell that she wants to scream at the chaos.

Tita Trisha and Tito Ricardo? That means...

"Hi cousin!" a bubbly, high pitched voice greets. I look behind my mom to see a tall, slim figure wearing tight fitted yoga pants, showcasing her very developed curves, and a cropped t-shirt over her flat stomach.

I smile and wave. Keep smiling, keep waving, I tell myself.

Keep smiling, keep waving, Eliza .

Eliza She's back.

So...let's not feel too murderous here...

So...let's not feel too murderous here... So...let's not feel too murderous here... Anyways, I was in the Dominican Republic last week (where I swam with dolphins and jumped off a cliff), hence the even later update than usual. Sorry! So, how are you guys doing? Any good news lately? I would give you guys a life update but everything's pretty much boring, unless you count flunking a quiz on Shakespeare's Macbeth. Sucks for me. Lol.

Anyways, I was in the Dominican Republic last week (where I swam with dolphins and jumped off a cliff), hence the even later update than usual. Sorry! So, how are you guys doing? Any good news lately? I would give you guys a life update but everything's pretty much boring, unless you count flunking a quiz on Shakespeare's Macbeth. Sucks for me. Lol. Anyways, I was in the Dominican Republic last week (where I swam with dolphins and jumped off a cliff), hence the even later update than usual. Sorry! So, how are you guys doing? Any good news lately? I would give you guys a life update but everything's pretty much boring, unless you count flunking a quiz on Shakespeare's Macbeth. Sucks for me. Lol. Let's talk about the cliffhanger though...what do you think is going to happen next?

Let's talk about the cliffhanger though...what do you think is going to happen next? Let's talk about the cliffhanger though...what do you think is going to happen next? Imma leave you guys with a picture from my trip now...and I'm missing the warm weather while freezing my butt off in Canadian "spring".

Imma leave you guys with a picture from my trip now...and I'm missing the warm weather while freezing my butt off in Canadian "spring". Imma leave you guys with a picture from my trip now...and I'm missing the warm weather while freezing my butt off in Canadian "spring".

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Until the next update!

Until the next update! Until the next update! -Summer:)

-Summer:) -Summer:)





Tip Thirty-Nine: Act Normal When the Girl Returns


Song above: Omg my new favourite song aghh (give it a listen) ...anyways, proceed with reading the chapter.

Song above: Omg my new favourite song aghh (give it a listen) ...anyways, proceed with reading the chapter. Song above: Omg my new favourite song aghh (give it a listen) ...anyways, proceed with reading the chapter. ~My house, August-3 years ago~

~My house, August-3 years ago~ "So, you and Eliza now, huh?" I ask awkwardly, while hanging upside down on my living room couch.

"So, you and Eliza now, huh?" I ask awkwardly, while hanging upside down on my living room couch. Eliza and her family had gone back to her house, leaving James and I here, while the rest of our family conversed in the backyard.

Eliza and her family had gone back to her house, leaving James and I here, while the rest of our family conversed in the backyard. He's lying on the couch adjacent to the one that I'm hanging on, looking like he just won the lottery. He stares up at the ceiling with a carefree smile and twinkle in his eye. After what seems to be an endless daydream, he finally comes to terms with reality as I snap my fingers.

He's lying on the couch adjacent to the one that I'm hanging on, looking like he just won the lottery. He stares up at the ceiling with a carefree smile and twinkle in his eye. After what seems to be an endless daydream, he finally comes to terms with reality as I snap my fingers. "Hello?" I say to a distracted James.

"Hello?" I say to a distracted James. "Oh, um, yeah, yeah. What were you saying?" he asks, turning his head to look at me.

"Oh, um, yeah, yeah. What were you saying?" he asks, turning his head to look at me. "You and Eliza are a thing now, right?"

"You and Eliza are a thing now, right?" His smile doesn't even falter as he replies. "Yeah, she's finally my girlfriend. I've had a crush on her since last year. Insane, huh?"

His smile doesn't even falter as he replies. "Yeah, she's finally my girlfriend. I've had a crush on her since last year. Insane, huh?" "Insane." I repeat, trying to mask the immature jealousy in my tone with that of an uninterested one.

"Insane." I repeat, trying to mask the immature jealousy in my tone with that of an uninterested one. "Wait...how'd you know?" he wonders. Obviously, they didn't tell me yet.

"Wait...how'd you know?" he wonders. Obviously, they didn't tell me yet. "Oh it just seemed like you guys have been more, um, friendly lately." I hesitate, wishing I'd planned my excuse earlier. "But you guys do make quite the cute couple. If you guys were book characters, I'd ship it."

"Oh it just seemed like you guys have been more, um, friendly lately." I hesitate, wishing I'd planned my excuse earlier. "But you guys do make quite the cute couple. If you guys were book characters, I'd ship it." Lies.

Lies. All of that. Lies.

All of that. Lies. He doesn't see through my fib, and laughs instead. "She's just amazing. For real. It's just..."

He doesn't see through my fib, and laughs instead. "She's just amazing. For real. It's just..." "Something about her?" I offer.

"Something about her?" I offer. "Yeah. She's got it all. She's kind, athletic, smart, beautiful, optimistic, not to mention she can play hockey."

"Yeah. She's got it all. She's kind, athletic, smart, beautiful, optimistic, not to mention she can play hockey." There it is. Hockey. Eliza loved hockey and he loved hockey and I simply couldn't watch hockey...so I'm going to die alone.

There it is. Hockey. Eliza loved hockey and he loved hockey and I simply couldn't watch hockey...so I'm going to die alone. "She's quite the package." I try not to scoff as I say it. I'm trying my best to actually not be a jerk.

"She's quite the package." I try not to scoff as I say it. I'm trying my best to actually not be a jerk. "Have you ever heard of those stories where people that were friends as kids, grow up and end up together?" he asks, seriousness ever so evident in his voice.

"Have you ever heard of those stories where people that were friends as kids, grow up and end up together?" he asks, seriousness ever so evident in his voice. That was supposed to be us.

That was supposed to be us. "Yeah, I have."

"Yeah, I have." He paused for a second.

He paused for a second. "I think that's what me and Eliza might have."

"I think that's what me and Eliza might have." But it wasn't us.

But it wasn't us. ~~~

~~~ "Oh my gosh! Hi! What are you doing here?" I exclaim, while walking up to hug her. She laughs as we embrace and the memories of our once unbreakable friendship come flooding back. I never realized how much I actually missed her.



"Well, we're actually in town for more than a bit this time." she tells me, with a mischievous smile tugging on her lips.

"And that means?"

"Lara, we're moving back!" she almost screams in excitement as she envelops me in another hug and jumps up and down like a child.

I'm not sure if my face actually displays happiness, which it should be expected to, but I think I look more shocked than happy. By shocked, I mean I look as if someone hit me with a bus.

"Oh God. Are you serious? Like, moving into a house? Here?" I manage to blurt, all while my stomach turns from the sudden turn of events.

"Yeah! It's gonna be great! But there were some minor problems with the move-in once we got here. We can't actually move into our house until next week. So, you have a temporary roommate..." she explains, and my spirits sink. Not that I didn't like Eliza, but I hate sharing sleeping space.

But My cousin is no exception.

"Cool."

"So what's up with-" she starts but stops immediately when her eyes draw upon the person standing a few feet behind me. I turn around to see James standing there, semi-confused like me.

"NO. You've got to be kidding me." she begins, her jaw open wide. Her mouth then goes back to her perfect little smile. I expect her to ask him how he's doing or something of that sort, but instead she goes running at him like Usain Bolt and freaking attacks him!

She runs up to him and jumps into his arms for a hug, acting like they're in some sort of romantic drama. They hug for a few seconds before she finally stops hanging from his shoulders and lets go.

Thank God for that since I was about to yell for her to BACK THE FISHBALLS UP.

"Oh my gosh! James!" she breathes, as if he were some sort of celebrity. Like girl, IT'S JUST JAMES. He ain't Shawn Mendes.

"Hey Eliza." he greets awkwardly.

"You got so...so..." she turns back to me, trying to think up a word and looking at me like I'm some sort of dictionary. Like, my name isn't Oxford is it?

Subconscious: Why are you being so salty? Hater much?

She rolls her eyes, when she doesn't remember what she's going to say. "I'm just gonna say it. You got really hot."

Someone puh-lease hold my earrings.

He opens his mouth, then closes it again, not knowing what would be an appropriate response to that. Instead of saying anything, he just gives a little smile and nods.

"So what are you doing here by the way?" she asks curiously, punching his arm playfully.

"Oh, I was just dropping off Lara." he responds simply.

"This is so great! It's so awesome to see that you guys are still best friends after all these years." she sighs, happily clapping her hands together.

In an instant, he walks up beside me and wraps an arm around my waist. We exchange glances before he states, "Girlfriend. Actually Eliza, she's my girlfriend."

"Oh." Her smile falters for a second as she tries to process the new information. "Wow. I mean, I never expected that but that's amazing."

I just smile and nod like I usually do in awkward situations.



"Anyways, you should totally stay for a bit so all three of us can catch up." she says to James. She then turns to me, still beaming, "You have to spill the details of how this new relationship was founded."

James takes a look at his watch before responding to Eliza's invitation. "Yeah, I could stay for a bit."

She clasps her hands together cheerfully. "Awesome!" We trail behind her as she makes her way to the living room.

She props herself onto the couch and I position myself in between her and James.

"So...how did you guys get together?" she blurts right away.

The explanation of our relationship dynamics are quite complicated I believe. There's really no simple way to describe how we got together, in fact the events leading to our union each have a complex-

"I like her, she doesn't hate me, I think that's how marriage works." he states casually, making Eliza laugh, and I almost choke on my own saliva.

Or that. He could just say that.

"I see you're still quite the joker." she tells him.

"Some things always stay the same." he shrugs.

"Like the fact that you're still annoying and childish?" I intervene, cocking my head to the side and giving him a teasing smile.

"And how you're still a buzz-kill and too paranoid for your own good?" he fires back, returning his own playful smirk.

"I'm not too paranoid. I have just a normal amount of paranoid- ness , for your information." I huff, crossing my arms.

ness After a moment of trying not to stare at his face or risk laughing, I turn to Eliza, realizing that I actually don't know anything about her current life.

"So now that you know what's up with me and that ." I start.

that "Wow. How offensive...and to think I was convinced that we had a healthy marriage going on here." James shakes his head dramatically.

"We didn't even have a marriage to begin with." I roll my eyes.

"Fine. Break my heart a thousand times will you?"

"Anyways, what's up with you? How were things in Niagara?" I ask, genuinely interested in what news Eliza has to offer.

"Well, not much actually. School was pretty boring because I never had many friends. To be honest, coming back here was the best thing that happened to me in a long time."

"Well you have us now." I reassure her, feeling slightly sorry for her. I can feel that she's been lonely after she left us.

"Yeah. It'll be fun going to a school where I can hang out with my old friends."

"I know you love it here, but was it hard for you to leave your whole other life back there? I mean, you're Eliza, you must've had at least a few friends." I utter in disbelief because Eliza is such a people person.

"I mean, I'm not too keen on going back anytime soon, especially since I just broke up with my ex."

"Oh."

"Yeah, he cheated on me with two other girls. Things are pretty much solved though because when we found out, we met up and poured smoothies on his head. They're actually pretty cool people." she explains, nodding her head casually.

Because being cheated on with two other girls isn't a big deal...

"That sucks. You didn't deserve him." I pat her shoulder assuringly.



"Guys are just...ugh." she sighs and rolls her eyes.

"Tell me about it. You know, on the first day of school, I fell after bumping into this guy and he held out his hand to help me up. He pulled me up just a bit before purposely letting go and humiliating me in the middle of the hallway." I shake my head, then shoot James a knowing look.

"Omigosh! What a jerk!" she exclaims in astonishment.

She looks over to James, who is subtly trying to avoid any type of eye contact and hiding his flushed cheeks. "Did you make that guy pay for what he did to her?" she asks.

"Yeah James, did you?" I repeat, smiling innocently and enjoying the way he shifts uncomfortably in his seat.

He scratches the back of his neck. "Lara did a good enough job defending herself."

"I did, didn't I?"

"But I do recall this other time when I was walking on the sidewalk, trying to greet this girl but then she almost beat me up instead. She was literally going to knock me out." he tells Eliza, adding a dramatic tone to make it seem like I almost killed him.

What a drama queen.

That's coming from me, and I'm the queen of being dramatic.

the queen "Okay now that chick sounds crazy. I bet that's Lara's worst enemy, huh?" she chuckles, nudging my arm.

I shrug, "I didn't care too much. He didn't get hurt so no harm, no foul, right?"

"I'm starting to get the feeling that you enjoy when I get tortured." James mutters, then pouts like a child.

"Oh, wherever did you get that idea from?"

"You guys are too cute. But I'm actually so tired from the move, so I think I'm going to head upstairs to catch some sleep." Eliza gets up from her spot and stretches her arms.

"I'd better get going too." James follows.

"It was so nice catching up. See you soon." After she says that, she goes to hug him and they a embrace for a second.

After they part, Eliza leaves the room and heads upstairs. I walk James over to the door and we both stand outside my front door in the chilly air.

"That was a surprise." he breathes, filling up the silence that took up a few moments of our time.

"Yeah." I reply, not knowing how else to describe what just happened.

"I can tell that you're just really unhappy about sharing your bed." he laughs.

I roll my eyes. "Don't remind me about that."

"You and I both know that you'd much rather share a bed with me than her. So, why don't I just sneak you into my room for a while to fix your problem? It's genius!" he blurts, and I'm not sure if he's actually serious or if the drone did mess him up a bit more than normal...

"I'd rather share my bed with no one." I state in all seriousness.

"You say that, but I know you love cuddling with me. You can hate sharing with anyone else and it'll be okay, but you have to share with me. Whether it's Doritos or a sandwich, that's what commitment is all about." he nods, placing a hand on my shoulder, acting like some sort of therapist.

say "Weren't you on your way home?"

"Oh yeah."

"Good night, James."

He leans in to kiss my forehead. "Good night, Lara."

As he walks towards his car, I can't help but feel nauseous and uneasy. Maybe it's that Eliza came back so suddenly... With her return, I can't help but remember the heart aches I had when she was last here.

Not the best feeling.

ONE MONTH LATER

ONE MONTH LATER ONE MONTH LATER ...and your girl finally wrote a little something.

...and your girl finally wrote a little something. ...and your girl finally wrote a little something. So now let's give you all a little update on where this is all going. The book might end soon...it depends on what the characters end up doing when I start writing. (Cause I swear they have their own minds). Other than that...I'll try not to slack too much in writing.

So now let's give you all a little update on where this is all going. The book might end soon...it depends on what the characters end up doing when I start writing. (Cause I swear they have their own minds). Other than that...I'll try not to slack too much in writing. So now let's give you all a little update on where this is all going. The book might end soon...it depends on what the characters end up doing when I start writing. (Cause I swear they have their own minds). Other than that...I'll try not to slack too much in writing. Now let's hear my pathetic exuses for the long wait shall we?

Now let's hear my pathetic exuses for the long wait shall we? Now let's hear my pathetic exuses for the long wait shall we? 1. Writer's block.

1. Writer's block. 1. Writer's block. 2. Actual english class has me dead. Just got a 60% on the last quiz. (Lol I'm trying to get less stupid so...) And I got stupid seminars...yay.

2. Actual english class has me dead. Just got a 60% on the last quiz. (Lol I'm trying to get less stupid so...) And I got stupid seminars...yay. 2. Actual english class has me dead. Just got a 60% on the last quiz. (Lol I'm trying to get less stupid so...) And I got stupid seminars...yay. 3. School in general. Sucky grades, sucky school life, and I actually only like lunch.

3. School in general. Sucky grades, sucky school life, and I actually only like lunch. 3. School in general. Sucky grades, sucky school life, and I actually only like lunch. Anyways, we're hoping next month is better! Now, comment if you guys like reading/writing but hate english class...because that's my situation and I wanna know if y'all can relate.

Anyways, we're hoping next month is better! Now, comment if you guys like reading/writing but hate english class...because that's my situation and I wanna know if y'all can relate. Anyways, we're hoping next month is better! Now, comment if you guys like reading/writing but hate english class...because that's my situation and I wanna know if y'all can relate. -Summer ;)



-Summer ;) -Summer ;)





Tip Forty: Don't Break Down Because of your Cousin


My new song for the summer guys!

My new song for the summer guys! My new song for the summer guys! After getting ready for bed, I make my way to my bedroom where I'll be staying with Eliza for the next week or so. I guess my room was really the only option considering Brooke and Bree share a room and Illa's bedroom can pass for a storage closet.

I open the door to see Eliza walking around and observing the pictures on the wall and the little knick knacks around my room. I don't mind it, so I ignore her and proceed with fixing the covers on my bed so that I can go to sleep.

Reaching optimal hours of sleep is honestly the only thing that keeps me from sleeping through the day. I literally can't go through a day without taking a nap if I don't get 8-10 hours of sleep. All I'm saying is that I'm not the type of person to go to sleep at midnight.

Suddenly, Eliza spins around and blurts out something randomly. "So you and James seem pretty happy together, huh?"

I raise my eyebrows and nod in response. "Uh, yeah."

Uh yeah? Oh my gosh what kind of a response was that? Of course we're happy together! If we can both act stupid but still stay together, I suppose things are going pretty well.

Uh yeah? "That's good. At least you're happy...even though you did break the girl code." She forces a somewhat psychotic looking smile and takes a seat beside me on the bed. Was she a cheshire cat in her past life?

Was she a cheshire cat in her past life? Her words leave me speechless. My mind has yet to comprehend what she said, but her last words were coated in a sort of poisonous substance that made me feel like I was stung. Her forced smile makes it even worse, as if underneath that façade she already has a plan to jump at me.

I hesitate. "Girl code? What girl code?" I ask, trying to keep my voice as casual as possible. Oh but you know where she's getting at.

Oh but you know where she's getting at. "Y'know, you're not supposed to date your friends' exes." she explains, twirling a piece of her long hair around her index finger.

I laugh. "You guys dated when you were thirteen!"

She shrugs and shifts on the mattress, probably trying to think up a defense for herself. "Still. We were each other's first love . I mean, I'm totally over it, but I just wanted you to know that you broke the rules."

first love First love . That's the one thing that she thinks she can use against me. Sure, they say that first love never dies, but I don't believe it for a second. The people who made that up are probably 6 feet under by now. We hold a stare that seems to last forever, eyeball to eyeball, nobody uttering a word.

First love But of course not speaking is too much of a challenge for me.

"Okay? Sorry?" I try to hold an eyeroll and a laugh as I can't even begin to process the amount of pettiness in the room, radiating off of Eliza.

"Oh I'm not mad. So don't worry about it." she says, completely brushing off her threatening tone from earlier. Although she tries to play it off cool, I grit my teeth knowing that she's faking it all.

It was stupid of me to think things could be different this time, that Eliza would go back to her old self and we'd be best friends again.

In reality, the Eliza I knew is gone.

And I don't think she's coming back anytime soon.

She slips into the covers and slides a sleeping mask on top of her eyes. "Night cousin." she chirps, before facing in the opposite direction, drifting to sleep.

Deciding to forget about her, I lie down and pull the covers over my chest. It doesn't matter that she was trying to guilt me out of dating James, because all I plan to do is go to sleep and forget everything she said.



2:00 a.m.

2:00 a.m. Ignoring Eliza is really difficult. Really difficult. I mean how can you ignore an annoying bulldozer-elephant mutation that snores like there's no tomorrow? Every time she breathes I fight the urge to freaking stangle her because of her deafening snores.

Really Sorry.

Yes I am aware that I sound like a crazy serial killer and that it seems super morbid for me to be talking about murdering my blood relative, but her snoring is absolutely unimaginable. It's surreal.

I push her arm again, for the thousandth time, but she doesn't even budge. It's as if she's in a coma. I've tried nudging her, slapping her arm, slapping her face (not that hard though because I'd get killed by my parents for being "inhospitable"), but nothing works.

I've even checked her pulse just to make sure she didn't actually die in her sleep.

Don't worry, she's still alive.

2:05 a.m.

2:05 a.m. I give up. Trying to sleep beside Eliza and trying to wake her up is as impossible as waking up a dead corpse in the cemetary.

With a huge sigh, I grab my pillow and the throw blanket and make my way downstairs. That's it. I'm sleeping on the couch.

That's it. I'm sleeping on the couch. By the time I get to the couch, I'm sighing with relief and basically flop onto the couch, immensely glad that I'm finally away from Eliza. The girl has a face of an angel, the personality of a cliché high school mean girl, and the sleeping habits of an ogre. I can't tell you what's worse of the last two. I don't even realize the thoughts escaping my mind as my eyelids begin to become heavy and I finally fall into a peaceful sleep.

7:45 a.m.

7:45 a.m. I wake up to loud chattering coming from the kitchen. I squint, rubbing my eyes, trying to wake myself up. What time is it? As I get up from the couch, my bare feet meet the chilly hardwood floor, and at contact, I have the urge to crawl back onto the couch with my blanket. I walk into the kitchen to see my family scrambling around, preparing for the day. Confused, I turn to my mom, who's sitting at the round table, sipping her morning cup of coffee and looking relaxed as ever since it's her day off.

What time is it? However, when she sees me, all that relaxation is gone. "Ara! Bakit hindi ka pa bihis? Nakalimutan mo ba na may pasok? Mag 7:50 na!" (Ara! Why aren't you dressed yet? Have you forgotten that there's school? It's almost 7:50!).

At that, my eyes widen and I hold a breath.

Oh shizballs.

"Oh my God help me." I mutter to myself, getting a grip on the current situation. "I slept on the couch last night! I had no alarm! Didn't you guys notice me sleeping?" I cry in a panicked state of mind. "I can't be late, I can't. I have an in class essay today!"

" Aye Maria ." my mother sighs. "Si Eliza, sabi nya na tumulog ka sa sofa, pero ginising ka daw!" (Eliza, she said that you slept on the couch, but she woke you up!) she scolds.

Aye Maria "That's so not true! She did not 'gising' me! She lied!" I yell, not able to control myself like I thought I could.

It's like there's some sort of cue because Eliza comes into the kitchen at that exact moment, long nails tapping away at her cellphone. She looks up at me, glossed lips forming a simple smile, hiding her monstrous, bloodsucking, fangs. "Morning." she greets, back perfectly straight, shoulders perfectly squared, probably priding herself for looking like she's got it all together. Unlike me. "Who lied?" she prys, batting her eyelashes, playing as if she has no clue as to what's happening.

"You. That's who." I fire. "Apparently you woke me up this morning?"

"Oh yeah...that's what I forgot about." she pretends to act dumb and clueless. "Super sorry cousin, was just really preoccupied thinking about my first day at my new school."



"You little-"

"Ara. Tama na." (Ara. Enough.) my mother warns, sending me an evil death glare to go with her abundance of misjudgement.

I hold my breath, before running upstairs and picking out a random top and bottom from my closet. I go the washroom to brush my teeth and change. I'm halfway undressed when I realize something horrifying.

Red.

Could the day get any worse?

Could the day get any worse? I'm actually on the verge of a mental breakdown as this point, but I manage to deal with the situation. Finally, I change into a regular pair of jeans and an undershirt, ready to slip my shirt on, when...

"It's 8 o'clock!" Eliza calls. "James is here with his car!"

"Coming!" I yell back, loud and panicked and on the edge of my sanity. Since when does James pick me up in the morning anyway? It really doesn't even matter because it's saving my butt at the moment. I shove my books and cell hastily into my backpack and run down the steps in my undershirt, holding my shirt and sweater in one arm. I swiftly put my heavy jacket on, grab by scarf, and slip on some boots.

Since when does James pick me up in the morning anyway? Running to the car in the driveway, I realize that Eliza's sitting up front, up front where I usually sit. Instead of pulling my cousin by her hair and getting my rampage on, I throw my stuff into the back seat and plop down on a seat.

"Good morning-" James starts, as he backs up from the driveway.

"Don't." I retort.

Dismissing my simple request of not being spoken to, he continues. "I love your hair today. Trying a new look?" he teases, reminding me that I haven't even brushed my hair, and I can see the smile playing on his lips.

I just roll my eyes.

"I'm just going to be changing back here...so, like, don't mind me, and, yeah." I mutter awkwardly, before taking off my jacket and slipping on a t-shirt, then my sweater. I put my jacket back again once I'm done. "Anyways, why'd you come pick us up?"

"Actually, I called him. I didn't know the way to school, so walking wasn't an option for me." Eliza pipes up.

"I literally walk to school every freaking day Eliza. If you actually decided to wake me, I could've walked with you." I manage to respond through gritted teeth.

every freaking day with "I'm not a big fan of walking." she states simply.

A pair of perfectly good legs were wasted on this girl. I decide to stop an impending argument there, even though I really want to mention that she's literally a hockey player, and she does track, which involves much more intense activity than walking to school. Instead, I just go with a nice, "hmph" and let Eliza focus her attention on my boyfriend once again.

As if she hasn't already been staring at him for the last 5 minutes.

"James?"

"Yeah?"

"We're friends right?" she asks, and that's when I get an uneasy feeling about what she's going to say next.

"Uh...yeah." he replies cautiously, almost nervously.

"Do you mind picking me up in the mornings? It's just that I actually have zero strength to physically get myself to school." she laughs, "You know how it is."

She says all this...while I'm literally in the back...less than 2 feet away from her...and two seconds away from kicking her seat.

James laughs, going along with it. "Uh sure...I can pick you guys up. I mean, I was actually going to suggest for Lara to ride with me in the mornings anyways."

"What?" I blurt out.

As we get to school, he parks in an empty spot. Then, he turns to me, "You were walking to school a few weeks ago with that huge cell model for bio and I thought you were going to topple over."

"Well why didn't you offer to help me then?" I countered.

"I did! I said, 'Lara, let me help you' and then you just flipped me off!" he laughs loudly, as if it were the funniest thing in the world. I shake my head.

Remembering that moment makes me smile a bit, even though living it was about as painful as my current period cramps.

"You've gotta smile now, even a little bit. I got you here on time." He does that funny thing with his eyebrows, which nearly makes me laugh.

Then, there's the sound of a door slamming shut, and when I shift my gaze away from James, Eliza is gone.

Now, I actually laugh.

Bonjour mes amis!

Bonjour mes amis! Bonjour mes amis! Okay...so I know it's been another month so if you want another excuse just read literally all my previous author's notes because that's been the excuse. Anyways, it's finally summer vacation so if all goes well, I hope to finish this book within the next 2 months...fingers crossed.

Okay...so I know it's been another month so if you want another excuse just read literally all my previous author's notes because that's been the excuse. Anyways, it's finally summer vacation so if all goes well, I hope to finish this book within the next 2 months...fingers crossed. Okay...so I know it's been another month so if you want another excuse just read literally all my previous author's notes because that's been the excuse. Anyways, it's finally summer vacation so if all goes well, I hope to finish this book within the next 2 months...fingers crossed. Or not.

Or not. Or not. It really depends.

It really depends. It really depends. I finally finished tenth grade english (which is equally terrible to all grades of english) so now I can focus on my own writing style instead of writing to make the grade and fit the rules of the ever so great Shakespeare and all other masters of literatures.

I finally finished tenth grade english (which is equally terrible to all grades of english) so now I can focus on my own writing style instead of writing to make the grade and fit the rules of the ever so great Shakespeare and all other masters of literatures. I finally finished tenth grade english (which is equally terrible to all grades of english) so now I can focus on my own writing style instead of writing to make the grade and fit the rules of the ever so great Shakespeare and all other masters of literatures. Nonetheless, I still love and appreciate all of you for your undying support and being there even through update droughts. So keep being the wonderful, supportive, (sometimes murderous) readers (and maybe some of you are writers as well).

Nonetheless, I still love and appreciate all of you for your undying support and being there even through update droughts. So keep being the wonderful, supportive, (sometimes murderous) readers (and maybe some of you are writers as well). Nonetheless, I still love and appreciate all of you for your undying support and being there even through update droughts. So keep being the wonderful, supportive, (sometimes murderous) readers (and maybe some of you are writers as well). -Summer ;)

-Summer ;) -Summer ;)





Tip Forty-One: Don't be Disagreeable When you're on your Period


"So...do you want to explain why you look like you just got run over by a truck and why you look like you absolutely want to murder Eliza?" James tilts his head to the side and shoots me a knowing look.

"Did you just say I look like I got run over by a truck?" I shoot him a cold glare and he quickly gets out of the car, unresponsive.

I step out of the car too, hauling my heavy book bag and trying to shove the rest of my clothes in my bag as well. James watches me from the other side of the car and I place my hands on my hips.

"I mean, I didn't mean that you look necessarily super run over, um, but, you look, well, I was just using a hyperbole?" James stutters, rubbing his hand along the back of his neck and backpedaling away from the car.

I frown, making my way forward to him. As I get closer, each step forward I take is in sync to each step backwards he makes. Finally, he stops and when I get close enough, he places both his hands on my shoulders, holding me away from himself. I raise an eyebrow.

"Okay, so my point didn't really get across too well, but have I told you how much I love you lately?" he says, attempting to cover up his initial statement. "Sweetheart?"

I roll my eyes. "Eliza has been a pain in my backside for the entire morning and I low-key do want to murder her so today is not the best day for anyone to get on my bad side." I tell him, pushing past him and letting myself into the crowded school building. Miraculously, the warning bell still didn't ring and because of James, I am not even late for class.

He rushes after me. "What extremely bad thing could she have done? Well, other than ignoring your presence for the whole car ride, that is." he asks, unbelievably.

Before I can turn to answer him, my eyes focus on none other than Eliza. Eliza, the new girl that's walking the hallways as if she already owns them.

She struts, the boring school hall as her catwalk, throwing mischievous smirks at guys and receiving all too many envious glares from girls. You can almost hear her Adidas Superstars hitting the floor as all the usual idiotic remarks of students are put to a halt and replaced with hushed whispers, gossip churning, people wondering who this girl is.

In disbelief, I respond, "She is using up too much oxygen and emitting too much carbon dioxide and she might be the reason that our planet is dying."

Stuff like this shouldn't happen in real life. No, stuff like this belongs in the books and movies where the queen bee walks the halls but everyone secretly hates her. No, people are not supposed to give all their attention to the new girl, people are supposed to go on with their lives and be normal.

Why?

Because this is real life. In the fictional teenage world, the queen bee either gets taken down or becomes good in the end. The great thing about this school is that we didn't even have a queen bee. Heck, we don't even have a theatre club!

As I observe Eliza, giving flirtatious looks to the boy opening the locker beside hers-

Wait, how did she even get a locker already?

Wait, how did she even get a locker already? -I realize that our High School has found its first queen bee.

"Lara? I really don't think you should use Eliza being alive as a necessarily bad thing. I mean, she is your cousin after all..." James says, ignorant to the dramatic scene that was just playing in front of us.

"Did you see that?" I ask.

"What?"

I point my lips in Eliza's direction.

"Lara, I don't know what this," he pouts his lips, "means."

I exhale deeply. "Did you not see what Eliza was doing? Just now? Do I have to narrate my thoughts out loud for you!" I whisper-yell.



"Girls need to realize that boyfriends can't read minds no matter how handsome they might be!" he whisper-yells back.

"She's becoming the queen bee of the school plotting to attract evil minions with her brainwashing creating a defined social hierarchy in which the rich socialites will rule and the unpopular will be exterminated all while the lowly commonfolk watch from the sidelines for her crown to fall." I blabber quickly, before stopping to catch my breath.

That was a load.

James stares at me, wide eyed. Confused ? I think so. He looks over in Eliza's direction, then back at me, and blinks a few times, as if trying to remove a hallucination from his sight.

Confused Fast as lightning, he grabs my hand and leads me through the halls until he finds a spot with few people.

He leans over, his mouth so close to my ear. Whatever he's about to say must be of importance .

Whatever he's about to say must be of importance "Dude, what are you on? Did you get drugged or-" he starts and I swat him away.

"God no! Oh my gosh, are you serious ?" I snap.

serious He gives me a blank stare.

"You were serious? So I guess you don't believe me about what I know Eliza is going to do? Oh of course you wouldn't believe the girl that's ON CRACK!" I bellow angrily, maybe a bit too loud because a passing teacher gives us a concerned look. I may read to many teen fiction books but that does not make me near crazily drugged!

were "No, Lara, I didn't mean it like-"

In the back of my mind, I know that I'm probably overreacting...by like, a hundred percent. Yet, I can't bring myself to stop arguing with James.

It's like he's trying to piss me off.

trying "So now you're calling me stupid? Wow ." I do a slow clap. "You're such a gentleman, James. You really know how to treat a girl."

Wow such really "I didn't say that!"

"Fine! Be that way! Talk to me when you're ready to believe that I'm not hallucinating because of LSD!" I scream.

"I know you're not on drugs, Lara! I get it!" His eyes plead for me to stop the rampage but it's like I can't and there's this monster stuck inside of me.

My uterus, precisely.

"Oh but of course I might be drunk. Do you want me to take a breathalyzer test?" I say sarcastically.

He sighs. "Sweetheart, are you okay?" He looks at me with genuine concern.

No, I'm not , I think in my head.

No, I'm not But what comes out of my mouth is, "My mascara is too damn expensive to cry over a boy."

And I walk away.

"You don't even wear makeup!" James calls out.

I keep walking, not looking back, even though I have confused my boyfriend, myself, and my shedding uterus has won this round.

***

The day continues with kids in my classes, murmuring about "the beautiful new girl" and me praying that Eliza ends up in zero of my classes. There really is no need for her to terrorize me in this place of learning.

English first thing in the morning brings me with relief. The only ghastly thing about that class is Logan's inability to pay attention to the lesson yet he can pick a debate with Mr. Hunt shortly after. Also, Daniel having a teensy disagreement with Kiera makes me into another one of those advice columns.



Not that I really mind, but the inner shark me yells at him that I have a relationship of own now. Although, I do end up striking a conversation that envelopes my advice, minutes later.

Biology has me in a whirl because it kind of messes up my approach of ignoring my boyfriend for the rest of the day. Yeah, having him as my assigned seat partner makes it terribly difficult to not talk to him.

Example A:

(Whispering during the lesson...which I admit I should have paid more attention to because it made the work really difficult.)

"Hey James...psst...dude...do you have any Oreos?"

"I thought you were mad at me..."

"What? I'm just asking you for Oreos."

"Um...uh...I don't have any food on me right now. I can run to the shop during lunch to get some if you want."

"I don't want them anymore."

After that, we get shushed by our teacher, who happens to be in a mood as well. For the rest of the lesson, I jot down notes and try to speed up the processing of new information in my brain.

It doesn't work, by the way.

By the end of class, James and I are not in an arguing mode (not that we were in the first place because I was really the only one carrying the argument) and he walks me to our next class. Still, we aren't really talking much.

On the bright side, there's no Eliza in my bio class.

As we enter the classroom, Ms. K is her usual self, catching up with students instead of preparing her lesson. I overhear her retelling one of her crazy highschool stories to a few of my classmates.

"Highschool back then was so much more drama...yeah I had some pretty crazy friends back in the day who all made a pact to lose their virginities before the fall of senior year...no, of course I wasn't involved in that..."

My eyes widen and when I look up at James, he looks just about as shocked as me.

I sit in my desk and take out my math book. I take out my pencil case and a pencil, then set it ontop of the desk too. Out of nowhere, James takes my pencil case and pulls out a pencil. He returns to his own desk, if he were not a shady thief.

"Hey! Give that back!" I call out.

"But I need a pencil!" He pouts like a child and in the back of my mind, I think he's just doing it to get my attention.

"Where's the pencil you were using last period?" I ask, lifting an eyebrow.

"I gave it back to its rightful owner." His face is smug and I see the smirk playing on his lips.

"Well I'm not letting you use my stationary!"

"Well I'm not asking for your permission!"

"Well-" I start but am interrupted by the booming voice of Ms. K, who is not loud due to anger, but loud because she just is.

"Stop! Halt! Arrêtez! Vous êtes comme la pomme sur le mer !" she yells in french.

Vous êtes comme la pomme sur le mer It takes me a second to process her choice of words, but it leaves me more confused than I initially was.

"Did you just call us the apple on the sea? " I ask, and Ms. K nods confidently.

the apple on the sea? "What does that even mean?" James says as he twirls my pencil between his fingers.

"Nothing! Just like your flirtationship that is never ending!" she sighs. "Lara, darling, this boy annoys you every single day for one reason and one reason only. He likes you and maybe somewhere deep down, you actually like him too."

At this moment, it comes to my attention that nobody is aware that James and I are in a relationship. Well, I guess I forgot that we actually only became official last Saturday.

So naturally, I try to tell Ms. K so that she might stop exposing her thoughts on James and I in front of the entire class.

"Ms. K-"

"I think you should listen to your heart. Give him a chance because nobody knows what the future will hold." she continues with her "love" speech.

Before I get to say anything more, another girl pipes up. "I don't know how you guys can't see how perfect you are for each other. You're like Romeo and Juliet!"

"Um...I don't wanna die yet so..." I start.

"Just date already so I can actually focus on functions!" another guy shouts, somewhat aggressively. Man, he must really like math.

The class starts to chant for us to get together and I look towards James who just laughs and shrugs.

"We're already together!" I shout suddenly, just to get the class to calm themselves. They all hush.

"Smooth." James comments from his desk, and I glare at him.

"That was fast." one of my classmates, I don't catch who, says.

"No, I mean, we've been dating since a few days ago." I explain.

"Oh." Ms. K says nothing else but, "Well then, I shall be starting the math lesson now but thank God you guys have taken the universe's hint."

With that, we all laugh awkwardly but my vision begins to go and I take a deep breath.

Ah yes, I'm seeing flashing spot light things once again.

Just great.

An update?

An update? An update? I think so...

I think so... I think so... What's up guys? For those of you on summer break like moi, how's it going? And for those of you at school/work/dealing with whatever you're dealing with...how's that?

What's up guys? For those of you on summer break like moi, how's it going? And for those of you at school/work/dealing with whatever you're dealing with...how's that? What's up guys? For those of you on summer break like moi, how's it going? And for those of you at school/work/dealing with whatever you're dealing with...how's that? Well, I'm happy to announce that you've just finished reading chapter 41 and I am so so so happy you are still here!

Well, I'm happy to announce that you've just finished reading chapter 41 and I am so so so happy you are still here! Well, I'm happy to announce that you've just finished reading chapter 41 and I am so so so happy you are still here! Go you!

Go you! Go you! This is a shorter author's note because I am sure that I'll talk to you pretty soon. But comment here what other non-wattpad books you've been enjoying lately!

This is a shorter author's note because I am sure that I'll talk to you pretty soon. But comment here what other non-wattpad books you've been enjoying lately! This is a shorter author's note because I am sure that I'll talk to you pretty soon. But comment here what other non-wattpad books you've been enjoying lately! -Summer ;)

-Summer ;) -Summer ;) P.S. War Storm, anyone?

P.S. War Storm, anyone? P.S. War Storm, anyone?





Tip Forty-Two: Boyfriends Can be Beneficial When Moody


I, Lara De la Cruz, find myself in bed, crying at some Christmas rom-com, after battling a good 6 hour menstrual migraine. As if cramps and PMS were not bad enough, I was blessed with the monthly migraine that gave you Christmas lights replacing regular vision and hammers pounding the inside of your head.

Amazing, I know.

On a regular day, it would be odd to find me watching some sappy romance at 3 p.m., on a Monday, and balling my eyes out, but today it is nothing but normal. At this time, I should be doing homework, or studying for a test, or doing anything that a nerd like me does. Yet, I cannot, because:

1. Physical pain and suffering.

2. Emotional issues.

3. All I want is some chocolate, ice cream, chips, an avocado, a hamburger, and maybe a pound of lychee.

I wipe my tears with my blanket and proceed to feel like utter crap. Stop crying, you idiot , I think to myself, but suddenly, the main character gets kissed by the leading man in front of the big Christmas tree in New York City that they use in literally all the movies and-

Stop crying, you idiot -and now I'm just gonna cry for the sake of it.

Just as the floodgates open, somebody knocks on my bedroom door. I sob. That must be Eliza, coming to get something of hers, seeing me look like a mess while she's having a splendid day.

"Come in," I croak, blowing my nose into a Kleenex.

The door creaks open and like always, James is there. He leans against the doorframe, holding a paper bag to his chest. "How's my monster shark mutant holding up?"

I laugh at the greeting and he gives me a crooked smile before heading over and taking a seat on the edge of my bed. "What brings you here, oh noble one?" I ask in my best regal voice.

"Well, there was anger, then there were tears, then I saw you in physical pain, and I finally put two and two together."

finally I nod. "Sounds great."

"I just didn't want to assume you were on your thing, but when you left early because of your head, well, it was a giveaway." he explains, pushing my messy hair back.

"Menstrual migraines...such a pain in my butt, right?" I try to chuckle but it sounds like I'm choking on my own spit instead.

"I can tell."

"So what's in the bag?" I ask, grabbing for it, but he quickly swipes it away from me.

"Sorry, it's not for you." he tells me, with a smirk plastered across his face.

As if.

I lunge forward, trying to get the paper bag from his grip, but when he dodges me, I fall face first onto the bed.

"Damn it James! Just give me the frickin bag!"

In response to that, he stands up on the mattress and holds the paper bag above his head. "You'll have to get it from me if you want it."

I jump up and try to grab the bag. Each time, I fail and James is there, mocking me with his obnoxious laughter.

I grab his shoulders and jump onto him, the paper bag almost in my reach, when he suddenly loses his balance. At that moment, Lara and James were both doomed. We both tumble down. Luckily for me, I land on the bed still.

At that moment, Lara and James were both doomed. Or so I thought I was lucky.

James falls right on top of me, and I squirm, trying to get out from under his body (which is crushing my organs by the way). He laughs, propping himself onto his forearms, relieving the weight that was crushing me.



"What are you laughing about? You could have killed me you idiot!" I scold, putting up the best fake angry face I can muster.

He gives me an amused smile.

I stick out my tongue at him. "I hate you."

"Do you really?" He raises an eyebrow and does that half smirk thing that guys always do.

"Yes."

"How much do you hate me?" His voice is now hushed, a mere whisper, as he inches his face closer to mine.

"The distance between Earth and the Sun." I respond in the same hushed tone.

"Earth and the Sun, huh?"

As he lowers his face closer to mine, I place my hands around the nape of his neck. I close my eyes, waiting for the kiss-

Then the door flies open.

"Lara I think I left my charger in the room-" Eliza starts, then she stops to stare at us, and the awkward position that we're in.

James gets himself off of me, and rolls off of the bed, landing on his feet.

"Oh my God. Where you guys about to-" she starts and we both interrupt her right away.

"No it's not like that, not the slightest bit! James was just-"

"I was just-just...getting an eyelash out of her eye." he finishes.

I give him a look. Seriously, an eyelash?

Seriously, an eyelash? He gives a small shrug.

Eliza rolls her eyes. "Whatever. I think I'll just get my charger later. Bye guys."

She walks out of the room, closing the door once again. James and I both exhale deeply at the same time. After a few moments, he bursts out laughing as if what just happened were the funniest thing.

"Why are you laughing? Eliza's going to use this to humiliate me for the rest of my life." I glare at him, before burying myself beneath the covers.

"She probably won't. Besides, her reaction was pretty funny."

I sit up once again and this time, I successfully grab the paper bag from beside James. He doesn't stop me one bit as I open it up and spill its contents all over the bed. I grin from ear to ear as I behold the bars of chocolate and chips that are scattered around me. Oh, and the tub of Halo Top Ice Cream-birthday cake flavour.

"Like what you see?" he asks with a smug grin of his own.

I can't hide my pleasure with all of this and it certainly shows. He can tell that I'm absolutely overjoyed, so of course he's sporting that usual look of pride.

"Definitely." I rip open a bag of crunchy Cheetos and stuff a handful in my mouth.

"Aren't I the best boyfriend in the entire world?"

I mumble something incoherent as I stuff my face with more Cheetos. He reaches to get some too but I swipe the bag away from him.

"Hey! You need to share!" he whines and I laugh.

"Oh fine. But only because you bought them." I pass the chips to him and he smiles gleefully.

He slides into the covers beside me, wrapping an arm around my shoulder. I turn towards the T.V. and see that the only thing on are the credits of the movie I was watching.

"Thanks a lot man, now I don't know what happened at the end." I jokingly tell James.

"They end up together. Duh." he replies in a smart aleck tone.



"Obviously...but how ? That's what I wanted to see." I grab the remote from the edge of the bed and hit rewind.

how It gets back to the part where the couple kiss in front of the Christmas tree and I let out a happy sigh. Romance may have not been my thing for the past 16 years of my existence, but rom-coms are yet one of the many things that fuel my expertise in the subject.

Like I said, I was a relationship expert long before I had a relationship.

I reach for the Hershey's chocolate bar and take a giant bite out of it. In a matter of seconds, it's devoured. I glance at James, who very much looks like he'd just seen a Mammoth, but he quickly looks away before I have the chance to ask why he's looking at me.

Minutes later, the movie finishes and I sit up, stretching my arms out. "That was a good movie." I say, yawning.

"It was alright...kinda cliché." James shrugs.

"Well sometimes I like a good cliché. The story reoccurs but with a different twist each time." I counter.

He nods in response. "So, what do you wanna do now?"

"I guess I'm just going to start on some homework. I have to get the bio handout done for tomorrow-" I start, while turning to get down from the bed.

He grabs my waist and pulls my back to his chest, his face nestling on my shoulder. "Why don't we just stay like this for a while?"

I check the clock , 3:56 p.m . Hesitantly I say, "Alright, but only until 4. Then I have to start my work."

, 3:56 p.m "How about you just stay here and you can copy off of mine later?"

"Woah...I'm copying off of you now? That's something I would have never expected." I laugh. "Are your answers even right or did you just guess?"

you "A mix of both." he replies.

"I guess I'm gonna have to start my work in a bit then." I conclude.

Not that I don't trust his answers, because frankly his work has become much better lately, but I'd rather do things myself.

"How unfortunate for me." he sighs dramatically.

"Maybe next time when your answers are 100% right." I joke.

After getting a few questions of my biology assignment done, James has to go home and do something. He bids me a quick goodbye, kissing me on the cheek and I lead him out. Just as I am about to return back up to my room to continue on with my work, Illa stops me at the staircase.

"Ate, you're never going to believe what just happened at school!" she exclaims, reaching for both my arms and jumping up and down.

"You look excited...um, what happened?" I wonder in genuine curiosity. Two days ago she was quite upset about the Kaden Lee thing.

"Well I carried out the revenge plan and it was awesome I even got suspended but it was worth it because-" she blabs quickly but I understand it enough to catch the part about the suspension.

" Suspension ? What do you mean you got suspended? Oh my gosh, mom's going to kill me for giving you that book! Holy shizballs, what are we going to do? Did you tell her?" I panic, literally almost hyperventilating.

Suspension "I didn't exactly tell mom...but don't worry, Dad knows."

Of course. Dad knows and he's not freaking out about it at all. Sure, he could be mad and maybe shout at Illa, but I bet he's actually proud of her little antic against Kaden. That or...or he's just too scared to share the details with mi Madre and is living in fear of what she'll do to this entire family once she finds out.

I'm guessing it's the latter.

I sigh, "Alright then. Well how did it play out?"

"I did exactly what you wrote down, followed the plan perfectly. Gabe even helped! Let's just say that Kaden Lee was covered in a bucket of blue slime and earthworms by the end of lunch." she grins, glowing with pride.

"Wait...but I wrote fake worms in the book."

fake "I know. You're a bit soft Ate, fake worms would show too much mercy." she replies, devilishly scary.

My eyes widen. "So I've created a monster, haven't I?"

"There's no turning back."

"Did you get Gabe suspended too? Illa, that boy is such a pure, and innocent little soul and I forbid you to be the reason he does not grow up to be a gentleman."

Gabe is not the type of boy to get suspended, or even into trouble! Sure, when James was that age, he got suspended every 3 months, but Gabe is like the refined goody version of his brother. Frankly, Illa does not need to turn Gabe into a mini James. One of that guy is enough.

"Well I tried to take all the blame, but he jumped right in and said he did it too!" she exclaims, trying to emphasize that it's not her fault.

tried I just groan. Poor Gabe, whom Illa dragged into this mess.

Poor Gabe, whom Illa dragged into this mess. My phone starts to buzz and I open it to see a text from James.

Idiot: So I heard my brother and your sister both got suspended.

Idiot: So I heard my brother and your sister both got suspended. Me: Yup.

Me: Yup. Idiot: Reminds me of when we got suspended in 8th grade.

Idiot: Reminds me of when we got suspended in 8th grade. Me: That was totally different...and mostly your fault.

Me: That was totally different...and mostly your fault. Initially, Illa's suspension did induce some elementary school memories to creep back up...but that was a memory for another day.

For now, I'll just laugh about Illa's success until my mom comes to slaughter us all.

May the odds be ever in our favour.

This chapter was almost done weeks ago, I swear.

This chapter was almost done weeks ago, I swear. This chapter was almost done weeks ago, I swear. I only had a bit left to write and I apologize for only fishing it today. So my school is starting in about 2 weeks and I already feel mentally unstable. *Laughs nervously. How about you guys?

I only had a bit left to write and I apologize for only fishing it today. So my school is starting in about 2 weeks and I already feel mentally unstable. *Laughs nervously. How about you guys? I only had a bit left to write and I apologize for only fishing it today. So my school is starting in about 2 weeks and I already feel mentally unstable. *Laughs nervously. How about you guys? So this year, I'm finally in the 11th grade like Lara so I'm really excited to be pushed into an impending hole of disappointment and face the reality of high school for the third time. Of course, my experience will probably be stressful once again times 10, and less socially eventful. But speaking of Lara's and 11th grade...have you guys watched the new movie of "To All The Boys I've Loved Before"? I first read the book a long while ago and I absolutely fell in love. The book gave me so many high expectations and unrealistic hopes for a fun high school experience...so all in all, it was awesome. Highly recommend.

So this year, I'm finally in the 11th grade like Lara so I'm really excited to be pushed into an impending hole of disappointment and face the reality of high school for the third time. Of course, my experience will probably be stressful once again times 10, and less socially eventful. But speaking of Lara's and 11th grade...have you guys watched the new movie of "To All The Boys I've Loved Before"? I first read the book a long while ago and I absolutely fell in love. The book gave me so many high expectations and unrealistic hopes for a fun high school experience...so all in all, it was awesome. Highly recommend. So this year, I'm finally in the 11th grade like Lara so I'm really excited to be pushed into an impending hole of disappointment and face the reality of high school for the third time. Of course, my experience will probably be stressful once again times 10, and less socially eventful. But speaking of Lara's and 11th grade...have you guys watched the new movie of "To All The Boys I've Loved Before"? I first read the book a long while ago and I absolutely fell in love. The book gave me so many high expectations and unrealistic hopes for a fun high school experience...so all in all, it was awesome. Highly recommend. Sorry for blabbering on for approximately forever, but I missed you all so so so much! I am ever so grateful for your support on this seemingly never ending book...don't worry, I'm trying to find an ending too.

Sorry for blabbering on for approximately forever, but I missed you all so so so much! I am ever so grateful for your support on this seemingly never ending book...don't worry, I'm trying to find an ending too. Sorry for blabbering on for approximately forever, but I missed you all so so so much! I am ever so grateful for your support on this seemingly never ending book...don't worry, I'm trying to find an ending too. -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Forty-Three: Have Some Knowledge on Common Topics


UPDATE? YES.

UPDATE? YES. UPDATE? YES. BUT FIRST OF ALL...(cause I'm that annoying chick who can't wait to spill the tea...the news...the other things I can't think of...)

BUT FIRST OF ALL...(cause I'm that annoying chick who can't wait to spill the tea...the news...the other things I can't think of...) BUT FIRST OF ALL...(cause I'm that annoying chick who can't wait to spill the tea...the news...the other things I can't think of...) we. got. shortlisted.

we. got. shortlisted. we. got. shortlisted. For the Wattys. Um. K.

For the Wattys. Um. K. For the Wattys. Um. K. It's only two weeks until Christmas.

Where did the time go? I feel like all of the events from the past month could easily fit into a montage for an upbeat One Direction song. Preferably, "Kiss You".

November flew by so quickly that I honestly can't even remember what happened, other than the stress from all of my classes. Oh yes, Eliza, Eliza the crazy cousin of mine who I was convinced would take over my school and develop a social hierarchy.

So, um, that didn't happen.

What actually happened was nearly the opposite. After the first week of her being new to our school, another new girl showed up, and with regular teenagers moving onto the next new thing, Eliza became pretty much unnoticed. She ended up hanging out with me and my friends, and for the most part, my boyfriend.

And unfortunately, she's still living with us. One week turned into a whole lot more because of a sketchy contractor that claims they were supposed to arrive in mid-January.

Yes, I was kind of paranoid that she would try to steal my boyfriend, but by now, she seems to be keeping her distance from the borderline. The girl made no other friends, so can't I be nice to her and be a good Samaritan during the holidays?

my Well that's what I'm telling myself as I frustratingly sip my Matcha Milk Tea with Tapioca Pearls, while I trail behind James and Eliza, who are laughing at some stupid joke. You can tell how tense I actually feel at the moment because I have swallowed 50 percent of the tapioca pearls, forgetting to chew them (and almost choking) because of the focus on the pair in front of me.

"Lara, could you hurry up a bit? You're walking a bit slow today and we need to make sure to get Seb that Lego set before they run out." James calls, looking back at me.

"C'mon Cuz, we don't have all day, and the people at the mall are getting crankier by the second." Eliza follows.

"I'm one of them." I mutter beneath my breath.

"Huh?" She looks at me questioningly.

"Oh nothing."

James huffs before spinning around and marching towards me. He grabs my right arm and links it with his left, then starts speeding forward again, dragging me in the process.

"My arm is gonna break off!" I whine, speed walking to try and match his pace.

"Well this is what it takes to get you to walk faster." he responds with a straight face.

"You guys can't hold it against me! I have short legs! It's not my fault that God chose to make you two into freaking giraffes!" I argue.

Eliza laughs while James shakes his head. Still, I can see the smile that he's trying to hide. I wiggle my arm out from his, and take his hand instead, which is warm to my cold hand.

We're walking around the mall as "Last Christmas" plays in the background, and the plan was for Eliza and I to do our Christmas shopping together this weekend. To be perfectly honest, she's been pretty nice to me lately...at least, when James is not around. Not that I'm blaming the fella, but when he's around, I practically turn into dust.

Once more, I get ignored when there's a guy involved. This time, it's weird that I'm the one feeling left out, considering I'm the girlfriend .

the girlfriend

As much as Eliza has seemed to chill out on the "I'm going to steal your boyfriend" act, I can't help but feel uncomfortable whenever they take part in friendly conversations. When they do talk, I notice that what they have is nothing similar to what James and I have...so what is there to be jealous about? I've always disliked the way clingy girlfriends act, basically treating the person as if they own them. I'm certainly not like that, but why do I feel so insecure?

We rush past the Indigo store and I suddenly realize that I still need to get a book set for Kiera, who has specifically requested some volumes of this new manga that she has gotten herself sucked into.

"Wait guys! I need to buy something here." I stop in place, and both Eliza and James look back at me. James lets out a heavy sigh before walking back to me, and that alone is enough to make me feel guilty for slowing them down.

Hesitantly, I tell the two, "...But you guys go ahead! Let's just text each other later to meet up."

"Are you sure?" Eliza asks.

I nod and give her a thumbs up.

"Text me, okay?" James says.

"I shall."

They speed walk away (well at least in my opinion) and I do the same (except obviously walking slowly since they've made me reach my maximum allowance of physical activity for the day).

I enter the fantastical wonderland of literature and the enticing scent of paper and coffee fill the air. How wonderful. Do you ever get that feeling of nothingness, when you enter a place with books? I do. It feels great to feel all the anxious thoughts and personal problems leaving your head because you're just so excited to jump into another dimension, held within a few bonds of paper. Here, you can throw away all of your boring problems and choose to live as someone else.

How wonderful. Okay, let me exhale.

I snap myself back t reality when I realize that I'm not shopping for myself, but rather for a friend. The thought bring me some sort of dismay.

That, plus I begin to realize that I don't even have enough money to spend it on myself. Isn't that so funny?

Isn't that so funny? I look at people with baskets full of books and overpriced (but super cute) accessories and it reminds me of how Christmas is the season of giving and the season of empty bank accounts and tears of debt...literal debt. If only there were a holiday that we get to treat ourselves and have others treat us.

One can only dream.

"Hon, those are birthdays." someone comments.

Stunned, I quickly turn around to see an old woman, grey haired with bright blue eyes, laughing. Sometimes, with older people, you can tell what they looked like when they were younger. With a still dazzling smile and crystal eyes, she must've been absolutely gorgeous as a teenager.

"I said that out loud?" I manage to squeak out, probably turning red from embarrassment.

She nods, before saying, "We all have our awkward moments, don't we?"

"Unfortunately, I have many." I sigh. Judging by her incredibly great posture, the pearls resting on her double breasted, designer coat, and her dainty fingers clinged onto a Chanel bag, this woman looks nothing like an awkward moment.

The woman laughs, probably thinking that my comment was a lame attempt at a joke, but unfortunately, t'was not.

"Darling, if you don't mind me asking, what type of books would you pick for yourself? You see, I have a granddaughter that seems to be the same age and I have absolutely no clue what to get her." she explains. In my head I think, Kudos to this woman for actually trying to think of a good gift instead of just getting a gift card .

Kudos to this woman for actually trying to think of a good gift instead of just getting a gift card

Don't get me wrong, I love a good gift card.

"Miss, it really depends on what genre she likes. Does she like fantasy? Humour? Maybe romance of sorts?"

"Well, she's really into those teen shows, and that usually has a bit of romance?" she answers, shrugging.

"Perfect! I read a book a few years ago and it's my absolute favourite." I walk over to the teen fiction section and she follows me. Picking up the boxed set of, To All The Boys I've Loved Before , I hand it to her. "You cannot possibly go wrong with this one."

To All The Boys I've Loved Before One of the best teen book series ever. Period.

She examines the box set, reading the back, before nodding with approval. " Sounds good. Thank you so much dear."

"No problemo, but we should be thanking Jenny Han for writing such a marvelous work." I clasp my hands together, before taking in a large breath, feeling emotional about the series.

She lets out another laugh. "You remind me so much of myself when I was younger. Anyways, thank you again, and good luck with your Christmas shopping." she says, before turning around.

"You too!" I call back.

"Hey you!" a grumpy looking, middle aged man, calls out to me. "We need a restock of the Christmas accessories from the back!"

"Um, I don't-"

"And can you fix the display up at the front. It's all messed up!"

"Sir, I don't work here." I finally manage to tell him.

Instead of apologizing, he huffs and storms away. You'd think the Christmas season would make people more jolly, instead everyone seems agitated and restless. I choose to let his rough attitude slide (it is the holidays after all) and go on with my business.

Remembering my initial purpose of being here, I run over to the manga section and grab a few of Kiera's favourite books, before heading to the cashier. After paying for the books, I go on out of the store, ready to meet up with James and Eliza.

I stand outside of Indigo and pull my phone out to dial James.

Me: Hey where are you-

Me: Hey where are you- "BOO!" A loud voice shouts, and I jump up in response to the hands wrapping around my waist.

I turn around and slap the culprit on the side of his arm.

"Ow!"

"Dude! You can't just do that!"

James rubs his arm and pouts, while Eliza stands there shaking her head.

"Did you get the toy?" I ask.

"Right here." he answers, pointing to the large plastic bag in his hand.

"So I guess we can go home now?" Eliza says.

James nods and we walks towards the mall exit.

"James, did you watch the game last night with..." Eliza asks him and I frown because I do not catch the name that she states so quickly. Did she say Matthew?

Did she say Matthew? "Yeah! Did you see the way they..." James responds excitedly and my brain fails to comprehend what topic must be so exciting. I think he said something about a penalty...

I think he said something about a penalty... "But he's really improved this year, hasn't he?" Eliza comments.

"I know right. It's crazy." he replies.

Then it hits me like a ton of bricks. They're talking about hockey.

Of course.

When we were kids, that was their thing. They'd talk about their favourite teams and players, who was their role model, what calls were unfair, and I'd be left confused on the sidelines. You'd think after hanging out with two hockey freaks, I'd be converted to some ice sport worshipper at the least.

That never happened.

I remember attending a few of James' junior league games and cheering for him when he had the puck, but other than that, I had no clue what was going on. When Tita Gia screamed, I screamed. When she booed, I booed. Yet, I never really understood the game. I only had my own reaction when he was getting beat up on the ice. That didn't feel good to me.

After games, Eliza would be chatting on and on about things like form and technique, but I'd just stand there nodding. I was kind of just...there.

And now, I'm just here.

I decide to take a shot of any sports terms that my brain cells can try to regroup, and end up saying, "He's skating better, am I right?"

There's a moment of silence before laughter from the both of them.

"You're still the same Cuz, but you're so cute with your limited knowledge in the world of ice hockey." Eliza comments.

James puts his arm on my shoulder and kisses the side of my head. "Oh Sweetheart, you're absolutely adorable."

I never thought being called adorable would ever make me feel bad about myself, but I guess it just did.

Hullo Wattpad viewers,

Hullo Wattpad viewers, Hullo Wattpad viewers, Okay, how many of you have ordered a Pumpkin Spice Latte already?

Okay, how many of you have ordered a Pumpkin Spice Latte already? Okay, how many of you have ordered a Pumpkin Spice Latte already? I'm going to be honest with you, I'm not the hugest Starbucks fan, so I've never had one of those...but people seem to really like them.

I'm going to be honest with you, I'm not the hugest Starbucks fan, so I've never had one of those...but people seem to really like them. I'm going to be honest with you, I'm not the hugest Starbucks fan, so I've never had one of those...but people seem to really like them. It's fall. We're shortlisted. I turned 16 last week. My mental health isn't good. I bought a narwal keychain yesterday. Now what's up with you guys?

It's fall. We're shortlisted. I turned 16 last week. My mental health isn't good. I bought a narwal keychain yesterday. Now what's up with you guys? It's fall. We're shortlisted. I turned 16 last week. My mental health isn't good. I bought a narwal keychain yesterday. Now what's up with you guys? I CAN'T BELIEVE WE GOT SHORTLISTED LIKE WHAT THE FISH GUYS OMG STOP JOKING WITH ME THIS IS INSANE I CAN'T BELIEVE WE GOT THIS FAR YOU GUYS ARE ACTUAL STARS AND I FRIGGIN LOVE Y'ALL.

I CAN'T BELIEVE WE GOT SHORTLISTED LIKE WHAT THE FISH GUYS OMG STOP JOKING WITH ME THIS IS INSANE I CAN'T BELIEVE WE GOT THIS FAR YOU GUYS ARE ACTUAL STARS AND I FRIGGIN LOVE Y'ALL. I CAN'T BELIEVE WE GOT SHORTLISTED LIKE WHAT THE FISH GUYS OMG STOP JOKING WITH ME THIS IS INSANE I CAN'T BELIEVE WE GOT THIS FAR YOU GUYS ARE ACTUAL STARS AND I FRIGGIN LOVE Y'ALL. So alot of you have been here since the start. With 14 y/o me in my unstressful 9th grade English class. Most of you are new, meeting the 16 y/o me who is...alive I guess. But all your support has really encouraged me to keep doing what I'm doing and I for sure would not be here (eligible to win a Watty) without you. So thanks. A billion. And one. Even if we don't win anything, I am so so so thankful for you guys being wonderful and patient alien beings. Your love is more than I could ask for.

So alot of you have been here since the start. With 14 y/o me in my unstressful 9th grade English class. Most of you are new, meeting the 16 y/o me who is...alive I guess. But all your support has really encouraged me to keep doing what I'm doing and I for sure would not be here (eligible to win a Watty) without you. So thanks. A billion. And one. Even if we don't win anything, I am so so so thankful for you guys being wonderful and patient alien beings. Your love is more than I could ask for. So alot of you have been here since the start. With 14 y/o me in my unstressful 9th grade English class. Most of you are new, meeting the 16 y/o me who is...alive I guess. But all your support has really encouraged me to keep doing what I'm doing and I for sure would not be here (eligible to win a Watty) without you. So thanks. A billion. And one. Even if we don't win anything, I am so so so thankful for you guys being wonderful and patient alien beings. Your love is more than I could ask for. -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Tip Forty-Four: Trust During the Christmas Rush


It's finally the last week before Christmas break and let me just say, things are getting pretty wild...

And by wild I mean that I have a Bio lab due on Tuesday, a 45 minute English seminar on Wednesday, a Math assessment on Thursday, and a unit test for all three of those subjects on Friday. However, it's Christmas "spirit week" so it's all good, right?

WRONG.

Whoever thought that spirit week would somehow lift the spirits of the ever so depressed students, was absolutely mistaken.

You see, I'm running on 3 hours of sleep, an extra large McCafé coffee, and I'm actually tempted to drop out of school at this point. (But at least any size coffee is finally a dollar). We can all tell that things aren't going so great because I am a person that is somewhat bearable after I get 9 hours of sleep, plus I don't even drink coffee. So as of right now, I have no friends, no goals in life, and a slight twitch in my left eye.

I don't even drink coffee. This statement is absolutely true because I turn the corner, see James, and he goes running in the opposite direction.

Unfortunately, it has come to the point where I've become such a venomous monster that my friends and my boyfriend are aware that being in my line of sight can only lead to possible doom. At least I know that they've known me long enough to give me my space.

On the other hand, some people have yet to experience me at crunch week.

"'Cuz!" Eliza shouts from down the hallway, flailing her arms as if her flashy personality didn't draw enough attention to herself already.

You see, I can't pretend to not hear her. That would be utterly impossible considering that Kansas can hear her. So I walk over to her and and raise my eyebrows, giving the "what do you want" face. The intense look I give still doesn't faze her, as she continues to smile cooly.

not Kansas "Guess what?" She says, giddy like a child. I've never seen her excited like this before.

"What?" I reply, my tone seeming uninterested because I am. My true inner self is mentally scolding me for being so grouchy but when you haven't had a full cycle of sleep in days, it really does a number on you.

Before Eliza can continue her story, I notice my friends, all grouped together, approaching us. Kiera waves at me and I acknowledge her with a salute. Brave, my friends are. I think they know that I'm internally dying from my facial expressions, but I feel like they're just coming over since Eliza looks like she's about to faint from the excitement of her news.

"What's up my dudes." Logan greets. I shoot him my seasonal look of despair and he just responds with a huge grin. We may be in the same english class, but the fact that he only cares for scraping by with a passing grade allows his holiday season to be much less stressful than mine.

"Eliza was about to say something quite grand." I finally reply, with gritted teeth, holding a false smile.

"Okay guys, are you ready?" she almost squeals.

"I'm at the edge of my seat." I respond sarcastically.

"So what's the news?" James asks, genuinely interested.

"So...I just scored 2 tickets to a game at the Scotiabank Arena!" she basically yells.

Me=confused, however, when all three of the guys (and Carol) start screaming like complete idiots in the middle of our school hallway, I begin to understand what they're talking about.

"That's awesome!" Logan yells, his booming voice shattering my eardrums, causing me to shift another foot away from him.

"Who's playing?" Daniel asks.



"Congrats!" Mark adds.

Carol quickly pushes Mark to the side, as she wraps an arm around Eliza. "So, Lara's cousin. You must realize that any family of my best friend is my family. You are basically my family. So I feel like it would be such a shame if you didn't take your own cousin-"

"Lara?" Eliza interrupts.

"No, me . It would be a shame if you didn't take me to the game. Unlike these idiots," she gestures to the boys, "I already know who's playing. Bruins against the Leafs?"

me me "I didn't even say what date!" Eliza exclaims, wide-eyed.

"Correct me if I'm wrong" Carol smirks.

"I can't. You're right. How'd you do that?" Eliza wonders in shock.

"She's sports psychic." Kiera answers.

Jasmine just rolls her eyes, "Carol just has a bunch of lucky guesses."

"Anyways," Eliza starts, "I'm really sorry that I can't take you Carol, but I already put names under the tickets." She gives a half-smile, and my fake smile disappears.

"You're going with your dad?" I try hopefully.

"Nah."

"Uncle?"

"Mm...not exactly."

"Cute college guy?"

"Lara-"

"Your favourite cousin?" I attempt, pointing to myself. She laughs at that one, before turning to James.

"Surprise! Your Christmas gift!"

James is stunned. When I say that, I really mean it. It takes a lot to shock him, but there he is, speechless, breathless, maybe on the verge of collapsing... Eliza pulls out the tickets from her back pocket and places one in his hand. Carol lunges forward at the sight of the ticket, but Mark holds his girlfriend back.

"But...but...hockey..." Carol whines in her little tortured athlete agony.

"Shh...Babe, it's okay. We'll watch the game on T.V." Mark tells her, before dragging her away.

Right before they leave the group, Carol runs up beside Eliza, "We are not cousins anymore!"

not As they leave, Eliza whispers, "You're friend is crazy" and I just nod in reply.

"Anyways, what do you think James?"

And we're back at this again. My brain wants to convince Eliza to take crazy Carol instead of my boyfriend, tell James to reject the offer, and purchase another cup of coffee for myself. However, I can't tell if I'm thinking rationally, or if I'm under some electrolyte imbalance from all of the caffeine I'm on. I do know that James loves hockey and really wants to go, but I do not love the fact that he's going to be with Eliza. Alone.

"I can't wait to go!" he blurts out, and I, involuntarily give him the death glare. Don't ask how I can involuntarily do that. I just can. Glaring comes to me like unexpected eye twitches or muscle spasms.

"...maybe...probably not..." he finishes.

Now, I start to feel bad. Y'know, it's enough that he even considered my feelings and tried declining something that he really wants to do. I guess it's my turn to be a "good person" and all that bull crap.

"You guys go ahead. It'll be fun!" I say, so sickeningly enthusiastic that I just want to throw up.

" Really ?" James asks hesitantly.

Really

"Of course." I smile, trying to ease his bundle of nerves. I'm not the type of person to keep other people from doing what they love. Besides, I guess I have to trust him.

"Perfect! So, Friday night?" Eliza confirms.

He simply nods.

"Well, I have to finish my math seminar lab." I yawn, before walking to the next hallway.

"You mean your English seminar?" James corrects.

"Uh-huh."

"You are going in the complete opposite direction of your class." he laughs, grabbing my waist and spinning me around. "I'm gonna walk this one to class, bye Eliza!" he says, as we walk past Eliza.

"Bye James, bye 'Cuz!"

He takes my hand and my head slumps beside his arm as we walk. Caffeine has lost effect, abort mission, caffeine has lost effect.

"I really think you should get some sleep, De la Cruz."

"And I really think that humans should do something about global warming but we don't see any of those things happening, do we?" I snap back. "Sorry, sorry, I know that I'm a bit off a mess right now, but the week before break always kills me."

"I know. Thanks for being cool about the hockey thing by the way." he says, squeezing my hand a little tighter as he does so.

I give a tired laughing wave it off, "I'm cool man, very cool, like this very lovely weather we've been having."

"Okay, bro . Well, if this weather keeps going, we're going to be snowed in on Christmas."

bro I shrug. "As long as I finish these projects and tests, I could care less if my house becomes an igloo."

We get to my classroom, and I peek at the open door. Behold, Daniel and Logan are already fighting. I hear some things long the lines off, " You're an idiot...we're presenting today...I'm not the one who brought a puppet...I am not singing, Logan... ". I sigh, I'm going to have to deal with them for the next 75 minutes.

You're an idiot...we're presenting today...I'm not the one who brought a puppet...I am not singing, Logan... James takes a peek too, "Those two have a special kind of romantic chemistry."

I chuckle, "Totally."

He kisses me on the cheek and I enter 75 minutes of my doom.

***

The school day ends and I end up walking home alone since all my friends are either at some after school activity or they've made plans on a Monday afternoon. I jab the key into the lock, and attempt to open the door. Everything is just harder to do in the winter, when everything is frozen. I don't even know how it's possible for a lock to freeze. After the third attempt, I miraculously open the door and anticipate:

A) a flying hazardous object to be thrown

B) loud yelling, courtesy of my family

C) all of the above

What I do not expect, is the sound of utter silence that greets me. Nothing, absolutely nothing. There is no Brooke or Bree or Illa running around. No obnoxious cousins or frantic parents. My grandma isn't even watching T.V. in our living room.

That's the biggest one. I mean, it's Teleserye time.

Teleserye "I'm home! Is anyone home?" I yell into the vast, empty house.

Again, no reply.

I even look for Milani, but her bed is empty and she seems to have gone missing too. Sauntering into the kitchen, I retrieve a note from the kitchen table.

Lara,

Lara, We all went to Tita Janine's house. There's food in the fridge.

We all went to Tita Janine's house. There's food in the fridge. My mind races with question, but the overwhelming dysfunctional aspect of my family answers all of them. There's only one question that I can actually answer, which is what kind of food is in the fridge. I open the fridge and find a measly bowl of day old rice, and dried fish from a few days ago. It is at the moment that I close the fridge door that I decide to order pizza for tonight's dinner.

Hungry for a little snack, I grab a crisp apple from the fridge and a large spoonful of peanut butter. Within a few minutes, I have devoured the apple and a heaping amount of peanut butter.

To top off the most relaxing afternoon I've had in years, I take a nice bath, give myself a manicure and find myself sitting on the couch with a glass of cold water, a facemask, all while watching Full House on the T.V..

Full House 5 o'clock comes as quickly as my afternoon started and the doorbell rings right on time. I open the front door, ready to greet the pizza delivery guy, when I see James holding a pizza box and Eliza right beside him.

"Hope you don't mind that I covered the pizza for you." James smiles.

"Practice ended late for both of us and I ran into James so we went straight here together." Eliza adds.

I grimace ever so slightly, but I swear it's not noticeable. As much as I love James and as much as I...as much as Eliza lives in this house, I really wanted to have the place for myself for once.

"I guess you were expecting our company, huh?" Eliza gestures to the large pizza in James hands.

"Sure." James and I answer at the same time, and he gives me a knowing look.

"I will take this into the kitchen." Eliza says, grabbing the pizza box and pushing past us.

When she's out of sight, James leans over to me. "You were planning on eating that all by yourself, right?"

"Then y'all had to come along." I mutter.

"Oh Sweetheart, you don't have to pretend you're not ecstatic to see me." he responds smugly.

"Not pretending." I grimace.

He gives me a quick kiss on the lips, and I roll my eyes at him. It's kinda hard to stay mad at James.

"You love me." He states.

"In your dreams." I turn around to go into the kitchen, and maybe to hide the smile creeping onto my face.

IMALIVEIMALIVEIMALIVE;)

IMALIVEIMALIVEIMALIVE;) IMALIVEIMALIVEIMALIVE;) Hola Amigas (Cheetahs, Friends for life-)

Hola Amigas (Cheetahs, Friends for life-) Hola Amigas (Cheetahs, Friends for life-) How are y'all doing. It's been, what? Half a year? If you're up to date on things that have happened, I'm on the road to recovery and am doing much better than before. Things are obviously not perfect and it is REALLY hard to get over anorexia and the terrible thoughts that come with it, but we're getting there. I've been weight restored for a while now so that's good but obviously weight does not indicate the presence of mental illness and how recovered one is. I'm working on mental stuff, challenging fear foods, body image...etc. I know you guys read this book for its comedy but if anyone here is struggling with an eating disorder, I just want you to know that you will never be "sick enough" to deserve help. You will never believe that you are sick. Maybe you think your weight is too "normal" or not low enough but seek help anyways. Your body does not define an illness. I was not emaciated upon admission to the hospital. I thought I was so healthy. And even if your body is healthy on all the tests, if you feel your brain dying on intrusive thoughts, GET HELP. Support systems are key to battling any illness, ED related or not.

How are y'all doing. It's been, what? Half a year? If you're up to date on things that have happened, I'm on the road to recovery and am doing much better than before. Things are obviously not perfect and it is REALLY hard to get over anorexia and the terrible thoughts that come with it, but we're getting there. I've been weight restored for a while now so that's good but obviously weight does not indicate the presence of mental illness and how recovered one is. I'm working on mental stuff, challenging fear foods, body image...etc. I know you guys read this book for its comedy but if anyone here is struggling with an eating disorder, I just want you to know that you will never be "sick enough" to deserve help. You will never believe that you are sick. Maybe you think your weight is too "normal" or not low enough but seek help anyways. Your body does not define an illness. I was not emaciated upon admission to the hospital. I thought I was so healthy. And even if your body is healthy on all the tests, if you feel your brain dying on intrusive thoughts, GET HELP. Support systems are key to battling any illness, ED related or not. How are y'all doing. It's been, what? Half a year? If you're up to date on things that have happened, I'm on the road to recovery and am doing much better than before. Things are obviously not perfect and it is REALLY hard to get over anorexia and the terrible thoughts that come with it, but we're getting there. I've been weight restored for a while now so that's good but obviously weight does not indicate the presence of mental illness and how recovered one is. I'm working on mental stuff, challenging fear foods, body image...etc. I know you guys read this book for its comedy but if anyone here is struggling with an eating disorder, I just want you to know that you will never be "sick enough" to deserve help. You will never believe that you are sick. Maybe you think your weight is too "normal" or not low enough but seek help anyways. Your body does not define an illness. I was not emaciated upon admission to the hospital. I thought I was so healthy. And even if your body is healthy on all the tests, if you feel your brain dying on intrusive thoughts, GET HELP. Support systems are key to battling any illness, ED related or not. Thanks for reading my rant, huh.

Thanks for reading my rant, huh. Thanks for reading my rant, huh. Until next year! (Kidding, I'll try to update)

Until next year! (Kidding, I'll try to update) Until next year! (Kidding, I'll try to update) -Summer ;)

-Summer ;) -Summer ;) P.S. listen to the song plssszz.





P.S. listen to the song plssszz. P.S. listen to the song plssszz.





Tip Forty-Five: Communicate Your Thoughts


Three of us, with our equally large appetites, devour the large box of pizza. A good outcome because my mother would freak out about me wasting money on food when there's still food in the house. Nonetheless, the pizza dinner was successful.

After eating, we sit in the family room, watching some T.V.. I sit on the couch directly in front of the television, while Eliza drags James beside her on the other couch. Ignoring the two, I resume my episode of Full House, but upon a few minutes of the episode, Eliza starts talking. If you didn't think that was disrespectful, her words overlap whatever Uncle Jesse was saying.

"-so the game starts at 7, so do you wanna pick me up at 5:30?" Eliza starts saying to James. Meanwhile, Uncle Jesse and Joey are probably saying something quite comedic and I am unable to hear it.

"Sure, that'll give us a bit of time to get there and get in." he replies.

"I'm so excited. What are the odds of me winning that radio contest?"

"You're a lucky person I guess."

"You're a lucky person, I guess." I mumble to myself, mocking his tone of voice. Still, he doesn't seem to notice me.

They begin to do more "hockey talk" which honestly annoys the hell out of me. First of all, Eliza's there like a bloodsucking leech. How close does she have to position herself beside someone else's boyfriend. It's insane! Any closer and they might accidentally kiss.

Let me vomit a little in my mouth.

Whatever they're saying goes over my head entirely because I'm too busy steaming from watching them together. The way they're acting right now reminds me of how they acted when they were thirteen.

"So, guys," I interrupt, "What are your plans for Christmas?" I attempt to change the subject, but I feel like I've just increased the awkward level in the room.

"Well..." Eliza begins, and my mind tries to think of the best possible outcome.

Oh Lara, I'm going to be moving out on Christmas Eve, so you get the whole room back to yourself! Also, we're going to be moving back to the Philippines and we'll never ever come back. From then on, I'll only be able to annoy you on Skype. Better yet, I'll stop leeching on your boyfriend!

Oh Lara, I'm going to be moving out on Christmas Eve, so you get the whole room back to yourself! Also, we're going to be moving back to the Philippines and we'll never ever come back. From then on, I'll only be able to annoy you on Skype. Better yet, I'll stop leeching on your boyfriend! I smile at the thought.

"Lara?" Eliza calls, dragging me out of the best day dreams I've had in days.

"Huh? What were you saying?"

"Well, we're obviously spending Christmas together, silly. But, the family should do something fun. How about your folks, James?" she turns to ask him. At the same time, she twirls a piece of her long hair around her finger. How is it that whenever she starts talking to me, she finishes with James.

I don't get her.

"Well, our families usually spend Christmas together." he says, looking at me. He turns back to Eliza, "We usually do the same thing every year. We have dinner at Lara's house, she gets a good present from my mother and a fun one from me."

fun This is the point where he shoots me a smirk and I shoot him a glare.

"What makes you think that fake cockroaches are fun?" I tell him in a monotone voice.

"It's fun for me to see the look on your face." he replies, clearly amused by the past memory.

When I don't reply, he immediately backtracks, "But I will get you an actual good present this year, I promise. No more cockroaches, worms, or empty boxes."

"What a great boyfriend." I answer sarcastically.

He grins, "You know it, Sweetheart."

"I think we should shake things up this Christmas." Eliza pipes up. Is it just me or are all of her ideas just plain bad?



"How?" James asks, prodding the bear to demonstrate her attack.

"We should do something fun. I know! Let's go skating in the afternoon!" she suggests excitedly.

"I don't know-" I start, but James interrupts me.

"That's a great idea! Sounds fun, right Lara?"

"Super." I agree unenthusiastically. It's obvious that nobody actually cares about my opinion, so I keep the fact that I don't even know how to skate, to myself.

They continue to exchange ideas, while I sit there like I'm invisible, mindlessly staring at the television. I look back and forth at them. I scoff at the sight and try to focus on my T.V. show but the little green-eyed monster within me leaves me restless. Abruptly, I turn off the T.V. and leave the room to let myself give off steam.

I head into the kitchen and sit down at the table by myself. Perfect , I think, I'm the third wheel in my own relationship, and in my own house. I'm starting to think that being left out is really part of my destiny...

Perfect I'm the third wheel in my own relationship, and in my own house. James leaves the house at about 7 o'clock and I see him off at the door. The snow outside is falling softly, contrast to our particularly wild array of blizzards within the week. Through the door opening, I see the glimmer of the street lights, lighting up the dark evening.

"Goodnight De la Cruz." James says.

"Goodnight." I reply, and he turns around, with me slowly shutting the door.

"Wait-" he starts, turning back to face me.

"Yeah?"

"I know you've been real busy lately and the real reason I came over was to spend a little more time with you. You've been cramming like crazy and I always have practice after school. I feel like I only get to see you during the mornings or when you're not studying during lunch."

"It's okay. We went to the mall the other day...we just didn't really spend a lot of time together." I reply, trying to mask some of the disappointment in my voice with a half-smile.

"Yeah, I was with Eliza." he recounts.

"Yeah."

"Are you-" he starts but I interrupt him.

"Don't worry about me. I trust you and I know you would never do anything intentionally to hurt me."

"I'd never want to hurt you again."

I believe him, I really do. But everyone never wants to hurt others, it jusy happens.

wants "Okay. Goodnight James." I repeat, attempting to close the door another time but he pushes it back open.

"I forgot something."

"What is it? I'll get it for you."

"I meant I forgot to do something." With Eliza upstairs and the two of us alone at the door, he grabs my waist with both of his hands and pulls me towards him. Sweeping strands of my hair from my face, he leans over and places his lips on mine.

His kiss doesn't falter, even for a second.

And for a few moments, we are alone again, and things feel like the way they should be. I kiss him back, unwilling to let go of him just yet, not ready to step back into reality. I know that when this is over, I might break down again.

When I finally break the kiss, he keeps me close. With his arms wrapped around me, I find myself breathless against his chest. And so we stand, both of us silent, breathless as though the air has suddenly got thin. The only sound I hear is the rhythmic beating of his heart.



"James?" I finally break the silence.

"Yeah?"

"Why did you-" I start, but he cuts me off.

"I thought that it's been a while since I kissed you like that." he answers, not needing to hear the full question. (Well, that's what I was going to ask anyways). When I don't respond to that he adds, "Lara, please don't be mad at me."

"I'm not angry at you. Plus, if I was, a measly kiss wouldn't solve the problem. I guess I was just a bit...a bit..." I start, but I can't possibly say the next word.

"A bit?"

"Please don't make me say it." I whine, slapping him on the arm. I can tell by his amused grin that he already knows what I meant to say.

"I really do not know what you're talking about, Sweetheart." he replies, almost laughing.

I roll my eyes. The nerve of this guy! I breathe in deeply. Okay, I'm just going to say it. It's just a word.

"Fine. I was jealous. I was jealous of you and Eliza." I finally get the words to come out. It feels like a weight coming off of my chest.

"Jealous? Of what? We're just friends." he almost laughs, making me feel a bit concerned.

I huff. "You're just friends, now. It doesn't change the fact that you guys were together before." I explain.

This time, he actually does laugh. "We were thirteen! What we had was a mere infatuation. It's barely significant, to be honest."

Barely significant my ass , I think in my head.

Barely significant my ass From what I recall, the James and Eliza days were filled with swooning, non-stop talking about her, non-stop dates with her, and non-stop third wheeling (well, in my shoes that is).

"Well that's not what Eliza thinks." I mutter.

"Since when do you care what she thinks?" he asks.

"I don't."

"Good because you're mine and nobody could ever change that." he tells me, putting both his hands on my shoulders and giving me an assuring gaze.

I finally smile, letting go of any anxiety that I held for Eliza and James. Although I trusted him from the start, it feels good to have some kind of reassurance.

"Sweetheart, if you don't want me to go with Eliza on Friday, just say the word and I'm out." he says.

Knowing that he doesn't have eyes for anybody else, the thought of him going to that game doesn't make me feel anything. I don't feel worried that Eliza's going to snatch him away anymore. If she tried, she surely wouldn't succeed.

Now it's my turn to put a hand on his shoulder. "Thanks for the offer, it means a lot to me. But you go and have fun! You love watching people almost die on ice, so you have to go."

"Really?" he questions, almost surprised.

"Yes, really." I confirm, this time actually being okay with it.

He gives me one of those undeniably cute grins and pulls me in for a hug. "Thanks. Well, I guess I should be on my way then?"

Letting go, I give him a quick kiss on the cheek. "I'll see you tomorrow."

***

Friday arrives with a tumbling series of school events. Among various Christmas festivities are mountain loads of holiday school work. For the holiday season which is supposed to be about friends and family, it's quite ironic that I've barely had time to greet any of the people around me.

If anything, I'm even crankier during the holiday season.

However, the challenges seem to come to an end in the afternoon (well, except for the Functions exam review that Ms. K seemed so excited to give out). At least she gave candy canes along with them.

I get home at about 3:30 with Eliza, after stopping by at Starbucks for her afternoon coffee run. I myself, ended up getting a super overpriced peppermint latté under her influence. I also ended up enjoying it way too much.

I also passed by a shop for James' Christmas present, but Eliza was too busy to notice me doing anything.

As we enter the house, the family is crazy once again. Several other cousins are over, and 25% of the children are crying and throwing tantrums. At least Maya is sitting peacefully at the table with a picture book in her hands.

"Ninang Kath! Ninang Kath!" I call out. If Maya is reading here, and Maggie is wailing, Ninang must be somewhere in the house.

"Ara, I'm in the kitchen!" she shouts back.

Eliza and I walk over to the kitchen, where I see my wonderful multi-tasking Godmother, whipping up something strange on the stovetop. Meanwhile, she's also going, "Yes...50 of them...yes..." on her cellphone.

From the look on Eliza's face, she seems to be questioning this entire situation. Unfamiliar with my Godmother's tendency to randomly come into our house and cook stuff, she's probably in shock.

"It's almost Christmas, so she's doing Christmas baking." I explain.

Her mouth forms an "O" shape and she nods. "Anyways, I'm just gonna get ready for the hockey game." she says, before heading upstairs.

Ninang Kath ends her call and I go up beside her to examine the bowl of brown goop in the pot.

"Chocolate." she states immediately, before I have a chance to mention anything else.

"So what was the call about?" I ask curiously, taking a seat on the countertop.

"I'm ordering Christmas macarons." she replies and my eyes immediately light up. 1 word, macarons . French macarons are probably my most favourite expensive dessert. Although they can range from two bucks to anything higher, I can't help myself to just one.

macarons So when I get to eat them and not pay...that's my kind of holiday.

"Have I told you that you're the best Godmother?"

"You don't need to, I already know." she says with a sassy hairlip. "Do you mind watching the girls while I bake?"

"I'm all on it."

I pick up a crying Maggie from her position in her high chair and miraculously, she cries e ven louder. Well, what can you do about that?

ven louder. A lot of minutes later, Maggie finally stops crying and finds herself asleep in my arms. Maya on the other hand, switches from trying to self-interpret her picture book, to making me read it to her. To make things even better, she has a whole stack of picture books that she wants me to read and act out.

Suddenly, Eliza rushes back downstairs and our jaws drop in shock.

ANOTHER UPDATE? WHO IS SHE?

ANOTHER UPDATE? WHO IS SHE? ANOTHER UPDATE? WHO IS SHE? Hey Guys, currently writing from yet another airplane. With my lack of updates, it seems like only a few chapters ago, I was also on vacation. Well, I'm on my way back to the Dominican Republic and there's some annoying kid behind me who keeps kicking my seat.

Hey Guys, currently writing from yet another airplane. With my lack of updates, it seems like only a few chapters ago, I was also on vacation. Well, I'm on my way back to the Dominican Republic and there's some annoying kid behind me who keeps kicking my seat. Hey Guys, currently writing from yet another airplane. With my lack of updates, it seems like only a few chapters ago, I was also on vacation. Well, I'm on my way back to the Dominican Republic and there's some annoying kid behind me who keeps kicking my seat. Gugh. What luck.

Gugh. What luck. Gugh. What luck. Hope you enjoyed the chapter and stay tuned to what shock Eliza has put-upon the people. Also, I just want you guys to know that I'm also working on a prequel for this novel (I just do it when I have writer's block for this) and I'll be dropping some stuff when I finish this up.

Hope you enjoyed the chapter and stay tuned to what shock Eliza has put-upon the people. Also, I just want you guys to know that I'm also working on a prequel for this novel (I just do it when I have writer's block for this) and I'll be dropping some stuff when I finish this up. Hope you enjoyed the chapter and stay tuned to what shock Eliza has put-upon the people. Also, I just want you guys to know that I'm also working on a prequel for this novel (I just do it when I have writer's block for this) and I'll be dropping some stuff when I finish this up. Anyways, I'll leave y'all with another fact about my eternal singleness. So, I'm gonna be a Godmother and of course the Godfather whom my cousin picked for her child is not from this country. Basically I've upgraded and will be the only single Godparent, without a partner, during the baptism...

Anyways, I'll leave y'all with another fact about my eternal singleness. So, I'm gonna be a Godmother and of course the Godfather whom my cousin picked for her child is not from this country. Basically I've upgraded and will be the only single Godparent, without a partner, during the baptism... Anyways, I'll leave y'all with another fact about my eternal singleness. So, I'm gonna be a Godmother and of course the Godfather whom my cousin picked for her child is not from this country. Basically I've upgraded and will be the only single Godparent, without a partner, during the baptism... Wonderful.

Wonderful. Wonderful. Ciao my friends! Summer :)

Ciao my friends! Summer :) Ciao my friends! Summer :)





Tip Forty-Six: Shizballs, I Really Have No Advice For This One


Holy shizballs

Holy shizballs "How do I look?"

Crabapples

Crabapples Ninang Kath, beside me, makes the sign of the cross and mutters, "Susmarysosep! Anong nangyari sa batang 'to..." (Jesusmaryjoseph! What happened to this child...)

-and sauce

-and sauce "Ano po yon?" (What was that?) Eliza asks, not catching my Godmother's sped up sentence.

Ninang Kath makes an incredibly horrible fake laugh, while waving her previous comment off, "Wala Ineng..." (Nothing Dear...). She quickly turns me, mouthing, Parang may tama ang ulo ng pinsan mo (It seems that your cousin's head was hit). However, I am too shocked to even respond to her.

Parang may tama ang ulo ng pinsan mo She unnaturally chirps, "Okay girls, I'll get back to my baking." before leaving us in the main corridor.

Through my peripheral vision, I see her shaking her head and her widened eyes that do not seem to be on the verge of blinking.

My eyes are so wide that I think my eyeballs may even roll out of their sockets. Eliza, on the stairs, is dressed like she's about to sneak into some sort of nightclub. A plunging v-neck black bodysuit sits over what I believe is (a very effective) push up bra, and is paired with skin-tight skinny jeans. She holds a pair of black heeled boots, dangling from her fingers.

My initial thought is, where can I get a good push-up bra like that, to help with my A-cup ladies?

where can I get a good push-up bra like that, to help with my A-cup ladies? Seriously though, can't this girl wear a Jersey to a hockey game like everyone else?

Her outfit concerns me mostly because:

Exhibit A: It's December and it's hella cold outside, therefore this chick is asking for frostbite.

Exhibit B: She's going out with my boyfriend and tried to dress as seductively as possible.

If those aren't red flags, I don't know what is.

The door bell rings and Eliza immediately pipes up, "I'll get it!"

I don't say anything more as I've had enough shock to give me a great heart attack at this point. Quickly, I put two fingers on my wrist, checking my pulse to make sure I'm still alive.

Yup, still here. Unfortunately .

Unfortunately She opens the door and James is there, dressed in possibly million layers, considering it's literally negative 40 degrees outside. At least someone knows how to dress , I think to myself.

At least someone knows how to dress "Hi James!" she basically shrieks. She might as well put a sign saying "BOYFRIEND STEALER" on her back. She's not even trying to be slick!

"Hey." he waves awkwardly, before looking at me. I just shrug.

"I'm just about ready, I just have to grab my sweater." she says, then proceeds to rush upstairs.

I know that I'm getting jealous again, and I also know that James literally told me that I have nothing to worry about...a few days ago. However , it is not a few days ago anymore. Maybe I'm not actually jealous anymore, I'm angry . Eliza's stepping into my territory now, and I can't play the role of the little angel anymore.

However I'm angry If she wants to play with fire, she better be ready for a whirlwind of hell.

If I wasn't clear enough, I am the whirlwind of hell. Maybe that was a bit confusing, you see I'm not really used to this kind of stuff, I usually am just an observer in relationship drama. Okay, so maybe I'm exaggerating a bit but...I'm just going to stop babbling and get to my whirlwind of hell stuff.

I

A whirlwind of hell.

I go towards James, who is probably trying to say hi to me, but I ignore that, and give him the sleeping child in my arms. "Take Maggie for a bit. I'll be right back."

"Wait, Lara-" he starts, but I'm already rushing upstairs.

I burst open the door to my own bedroom, where Eliza is busy rummaging through our shared closet. She can't seem to make up her mind about what to wear over her night club attire. I lean against the doorframe, waiting for her to notice my presence, but she seems way too absorbed in her fashion choices.

After a minute, she finally turns around and says, "Oh! 'Cuz, I didn't notice you here!"

Cutting the bull, I immediately state, "I know what you're doing." I cross my arms and attempt to stare her down.

She frowns, faking an innocent look that absolutely anyone could see through. "Whatever do you mean?"

"Don't do this. It's so obvious. You never dress like this." I tell her calmly.

"So? Can't a girl dress nice for a hockey game?"

I walk into the room and stand directly in front of her, which proves to be much less intimidating than planned, considering her tall, lean build. I'm starting to think that what I imagine happening in my head, won't actually play out the same way. "Eliza, stop trying to steal my boyfriend."

She simply laughs, "I find it so funny that James likes you, y'know? But here you guys are, together . I'd never try to steal him from my own cousin, but you can't say the same, can you ?" She leans forward, her face so close to mine. I never thought I'd see the grin of a Cheshire Cat unclose, but there's always a time for everything.

together I'd you can you "I never took anything from you." I tell her, my voice low, my eyes shooting daggers at her.

She purses her lips before heading to the door. At the door, she stops for a second before saying, "I still need to grab a jacket," and heads back to the closet.

She starts to rummage through my side of the closet and asks, "Lara, can I borrow a jacket?"

I don't reply, and continue to observe her actions.

She picks the large, black, leather jacket from the hanger at the the back and I feel my body start to tense. I can't feel anything. It's like I'm frozen, numb, like I've lost all ability to say anything.

She puts the jacket on, "Oo, love the oversized fit."

"Eliza, not that one." I tell her, assertively, yet still calm.

She doesn't say anything, but her eyes challenge me in every single way. Her gaze puts me under fire and suddenly I'm engulfed in flames.

A lump in my dry throat forms and I try to swallow. "Eliza, take that off." I demand, more aggressively this time, but she doesn't falter.

"I said, take it off!" I repeat, surprising myself with my loudness. I stride towards her and attempt to grab the jacket, but she swerves and I miss by a mile.

She moves to the other side of the room and in a mocking tone, she asks, "Why? Is this your boyfriend's jacket? Does it have some super, sentimental value to you, Sweetheart ?" She pouts and I feel my cheeks burning up.

boyfriend's Sweetheart "Just take the freaking jacket off!" I scream, but she just laughs.

"No way in hell!"

I chase her around the room, both of us screaming things at each other that would get our mouth's soaped if our parents were here.



Finally, I grab her wrist and she has no choice but to face me. Her free hand tugs my hair and I let out a little yelp. I raise my other hand up to slap her away, but somebody grabs my hand in mid-air.

"Lara!" he shouts.

Eliza and I let go of each other and I turn around to see James.

I don't think I've ever seen him this unhappy.

"What are you doing?" he asks, but by the tone of his voice, I know that he already has the answer to his own question.

I don't say anything, and at the same time, Eliza slowly takes the jacket off.

"She was just about to slap me!" Eliza exclaims, breaking the awkward silence between all three of us.

"Yeah, because you were pulling my hair and I wanted to get away from you maniac!" I fire back, but all she does is roll her eyes.

"I just wanted to borrow a jacket! Jeez!" she huffs, flailing her arms up, as if I was the one being an unreasonable female dog.

"I told you to give that back to me, you-" I start, attempting to grab the jacket from her arms, but James beats me to it.

"Lara! Enough!" he shouts, taking the jacket from both of us.

My mouth starts to dry up and I don't know how to react to any of this. Why is it only me that he's yelling at? I've never seen him this pissed before, especially at me.

"How many times do I have to reassure you that you have nothing to worry about?" he asks me.

"But-" I start, but he cuts me off.

"I'll take my jacket now, thank you," he continues, staring right at me with his dark brown eyes. Let me rephrase, angry , dark brown eyes. "This might have been the stupidest fight you've been in."

angry Again, he gets no reply.

If only he realized what I was really fighting for.

~~~

Sunshine Park, Toronto~November

Sunshine Park, Toronto~November "Dude! You told me that we were going the mall!" I shout at James, as he lets the chilly air inside the car. Instantly, he closes the door again.

"Dude! You told me that we were going the mall!" I shout at James, as he lets the chilly air inside the car. Instantly, he closes the door again. "I wanted to surprise you!" he exclaims.

"I wanted to surprise you!" he exclaims. "By letting me catch frostbite?" I fire back.

"By letting me catch frostbite?" I fire back. "Okay, okay, so maybe I didn't prepare you enough for this date, but you can use my jacket." He takes off the black leather jacket from his back and places it on my shoulders. "Here."

"Okay, okay, so maybe I didn't prepare you enough for this date, but you can use my jacket." He takes off the black leather jacket from his back and places it on my shoulders. "Here." I push my arms through the overly long sleeves and zip it up all the way. It's still warm from his body heat.

I push my arms through the overly long sleeves and zip it up all the way. It's still warm from his body heat. We both get out of the car and head to our usual spot. We sit on the familiar bench, hidden beneath the trees. He wraps an arm around my shoulder and I lay my head on his.

We both get out of the car and head to our usual spot. We sit on the familiar bench, hidden beneath the trees. He wraps an arm around my shoulder and I lay my head on his. We sit in silence for a bit until I catch him staring at me.

We sit in silence for a bit until I catch him staring at me. "What?" I wonder out loud.

"What?" I wonder out loud. He bites his bottom lip, then grins. "Nothing."

He bites his bottom lip, then grins. "Nothing." "Tell me!"

"Tell me!" "You just look really hot in my clothes." he states and I frown, confused.

"You just look really hot in my clothes." he states and I frown, confused. "I mean, the jacket's warm and all, but I wouldn't say I'm heating up. I mean, it's really cold outside. You really should have told me to bring warmer clothes." I tell him. The weather pretty chilly, but I thank God that there's not much wind.

"I mean, the jacket's warm and all, but I wouldn't say I'm heating up. I mean, it's really cold outside. You really should have told me to bring warmer clothes." I tell him. The weather pretty chilly, but I thank God that there's not much wind.

"No, I mean you look hot. Like, I think you look really sexy."

"No, I mean you look hot. Like, I think you look really sexy." I immediately blush, but try to brush his comment off. "I look really hot in just about anything. You gotta get used to it, Bryer."

I immediately blush, but try to brush his comment off. "I look really hot in just about anything. You gotta get used to it, Bryer." He laughs, then changes the subject. "Remember how many games of secret agents we had here?"

He laughs, then changes the subject. "Remember how many games of secret agents we had here?" "Yeah. We had a lot of fun. Can we go now?" I ask, rushed to leave because I don't want any bad memories coming back.

"Yeah. We had a lot of fun. Can we go now?" I ask, rushed to leave because I don't want any bad memories coming back. "Why are you in such a rush?" he asks.

"Why are you in such a rush?" he asks. "It's cold." I reply, hesitantly.

"It's cold." I reply, hesitantly. "That's not it. Tell me."

"That's not it. Tell me." "This doesn't feel like our place anymore." I finally say, avoiding his gaze.

"This doesn't feel like our place anymore." I finally say, avoiding his gaze. "Why?"

"Why?" "You kissed Eliza here."

"You kissed Eliza here." ~~~

~~~ A month ago, we went to our old secret place from our childhood. That time, it was finally just us. I left my jacket at home, so he gave his leather jacket for me to wear. Since then, I haven't had the chance to give it back, nor was I really planning to.

James lets out a large exhale. "We'll sort this out later" he sighs, and gives me a sympathetic half-smile.

"We should go," Eliza jumps in. "We might be late."

James leaves the room first and Eliza follows. However, before she exits, when James is fully out of sight, she goes up beside me. Slowly, she leans forward, her lips brushing against my ear as she whispers words that are barely audible, but are as loud as a scream.

"Too bad he saw what a little b*tch you really are."

"Too bad he saw what a little b*tch you really are." ***

It's been two hours since James left with Satan herself, and I still continue to picture the argument we had. I grit my teeth at the thought of them still being together after everything. James still thinks that Eliza is fine with our relationship, meanwhile, she's doing everything to break us up.

I decide to make myself feel a bit better and start getting a few ingredients from the fridge. I grab some vanilla ice cream, strawberries, and milk.

If I'm going to be in a fight with my boyfriend and my female dog of a cousin, my stomach might as well not suffer.

As I blend the three ingredients in the blender, Brook and Bree come through the front door from the gym. They yell, "Hockey Night!" before slamming onto the couch.

I roll my eyes, but they continue to turn on the television.

I pour my milkshake into a tall glass and head towards the couch to sit beside them.

Brook is on her phone, scrolling through some app. I turn to her, asking, "So, whatcha doin'?"

She looks up, about to reply, but her face turns blank. She hesitates for a second. "I think you should be asking your boyfriend the same question."

"What do you-" I start, but Bree literally grabs my face and turns it towards then television. The view is only made worse by the announcer's voice.

- lovely couples we see! Look at that! I don't know what's better than taking your significant other to tonight's game...

lovely couples we see! Look at that! I don't know what's better than taking your significant other to tonight's game... They really had to make out on national television, didn't they?

I feel like I'm gonna get a bunch of threatening emojis here...

I feel like I'm gonna get a bunch of threatening emojis here... I feel like I'm gonna get a bunch of threatening emojis here... [Insert all the hate, anger, and sadness here]

[Insert all the hate, anger, and sadness here] [Insert all the hate, anger, and sadness here] On the bright side, I'm updating more frequently, aren't I? So what are your opinions on this turn of events. Are we still team Jara, or is the ship sinking? What will Eliza do next? Next time on HTBTBTW... Anyways, I'm writing on the plane, yet again. No kid at the back (thank my lucky stars) and scored seats in the emergency exit row! Yay for more leg room! I hope all of you are still breathing from the cliffhanger, and if you can't, well...sorry.

On the bright side, I'm updating more frequently, aren't I? So what are your opinions on this turn of events. Are we still team Jara, or is the ship sinking? What will Eliza do next? Next time on HTBTBTW... Anyways, I'm writing on the plane, yet again. No kid at the back (thank my lucky stars) and scored seats in the emergency exit row! Yay for more leg room! I hope all of you are still breathing from the cliffhanger, and if you can't, well...sorry. On the bright side, I'm updating more frequently, aren't I? So what are your opinions on this turn of events. Are we still team Jara, or is the ship sinking? What will Eliza do next? Next time on HTBTBTW... Anyways, I'm writing on the plane, yet again. No kid at the back (thank my lucky stars) and scored seats in the emergency exit row! Yay for more leg room! I hope all of you are still breathing from the cliffhanger, and if you can't, well...sorry. If you guys are on the edge of your seat for the next chapter, please gimme a vote and comment what you think Lara, James, and Eliza are going to do next! We're almost at 900K guys and it would be so friggin awesome if we hit a million this year!! If you guys enjoy the story, please share it to your amigas and let me know why you're still here (lmao).

If you guys are on the edge of your seat for the next chapter, please gimme a vote and comment what you think Lara, James, and Eliza are going to do next! We're almost at 900K guys and it would be so friggin awesome if we hit a million this year!! If you guys enjoy the story, please share it to your amigas and let me know why you're still here (lmao). If you guys are on the edge of your seat for the next chapter, please gimme a vote and comment what you think Lara, James, and Eliza are going to do next! We're almost at 900K guys and it would be so friggin awesome if we hit a million this year!! If you guys enjoy the story, please share it to your amigas and let me know why you're still here (lmao). -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :) P.S. hit me up with some really good songs here and enjoy this pic of me :)

P.S. hit me up with some really good songs here and enjoy this pic of me :) P.S. hit me up with some really good songs here and enjoy this pic of me :)

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Them: Is that your boyfriend's sweater?

Them: Is that your boyfriend's sweater? Them: Is that your boyfriend's sweater? Me: LOL no I just like to shop in the men's section.

Me: LOL no I just like to shop in the men's section. Me: LOL no I just like to shop in the men's section.





Tip Forty-Seven: Prioritize Yourself


~~~

~~~ Sunshine Park, Toronto~November

Sunshine Park, Toronto~November "You saw that?" he asks, slightly cringing at the thought. I avoid his gaze and try to focus my eyes on something different, like the trees. Yeah, the trees.

"You saw that?" he asks, slightly cringing at the thought. I avoid his gaze and try to focus my eyes on something different, like the trees. Yeah, the trees. "Yeah," I start, fumbling with my thumbs, "I never went back here since then."

"Yeah," I start, fumbling with my thumbs, "I never went back here since then." "Oh God." he breathes, and I can sense how uncomfortable he feels.

"Oh God." he breathes, and I can sense how uncomfortable he feels. I don't say anything more because I don't know what else I can say.

I don't say anything more because I don't know what else I can say. The chilly wind blows across, and strands of my hair lift up. I shiver at either the cold air, or at the embarrassment I feel for bringing the kiss up. Maybe it was years ago, but it still bothers me for some reason.

The chilly wind blows across, and strands of my hair lift up. I shiver at either the cold air, or at the embarrassment I feel for bringing the kiss up. Maybe it was years ago, but it still bothers me for some reason. Finally, James breaks the silence, saying, "Lara, I'm really sorry you had to see that. I'm sorry I did that. I had no right doing that here, in our place."

Finally, James breaks the silence, saying, "Lara, I'm really sorry you had to see that. I'm sorry I did that. I had no right doing that here, in our place." I sigh. "Well, we can't change the past, can we?"

I sigh. "Well, we can't change the past, can we?" "No, but all I know is that we're here together now, and you are my future."

"No, but all I know is that we're here together now, and you are my future." ~~~

~~~ I let my fingers massage my temples as I try to wrap my head around the situation. Neither Brook nor Bree make any noises, or if they do, I'm too busy acknowledging the buzzing in my ears.

"I can't believe they made out on National television." I mutter beneath my breath.

"Lara, it was a kiss, not a makeout." Bree comments, trying to calm me down.

"Plus, you saw him! He was so uncomfortable! He literally pried her off of him." Brooke adds, but I can't seem to unsee what I saw.

"I've been completely humiliated," I state with absolutely no expression. Maybe through the anger, my body has completely forgotten how to express itself.

My sentence is followed by silence.

There is no doubt in my mind that nobody can argue against me. Sure, maybe he didn't mean to do it. Maybe, the snake herself conspired this whole ugly situation, however it doesn't reduce the amount of embarrassment that has built up for me.

It's all good. Now I'll be walking among my peers, with every *sshole talking about how I was cheated on. The girls who couldn't believe that James actually liked me will finally have a sort of distorted proof that he doesn't actually like me.

Perfect.

"At least it's Christmas Break. You won't have to deal with anyone for now." Brooke half smiles. I roll my eyes at her statement.

"I'm sure this is just a mis-" Bree starts, but I cut her off.

"-understanding?" I finish for her. "Yeah, because I obviously don't understand why this is happening."

The twins sigh. I guess they don't know what else to say to comfort me.

Unexpectedly, the doorbell rings and both the twins get up from their spots, which I find shocking. Most of the time, they yell, "not it!", and force either me or Illa to get the door. I suppose they feel particularly pitiful for me today.

Most of the time, I'd take advantage of this, but I feel too crummy.

I raise up my hand to put a halt to my older sisters. If that's James and the demon, I want to be the first one that they see.



And the first one to throw the punches. And finish my pending slap.

Slowly but surely, I get up from the couch as the doorbell ringing gets crazier. They've already broken my trust and dignity, can't they leave my freakin' doorbell alone?

I take a deep breath, holding my tears in, and at the same time pulling my fist back in order to generate the largest force. With my other shaky hand, I open the front door.

"YOU BI-" I start, but am interrupted by screaming and overlapping chatter.

"Lara!" the three girls shout at the same time, as they wrap their arms around me. I stand in the middle of this group hug, confused and concerned. They pull me back into my own house and I try to reach my arm out of our tangled bodies in an attempt to shut the door.

The door slams shut and they finally let me out of the tight embrace. All three of them take a step backwards.

"What are you guys doing here?" I ask.

"I have a bat." Carol blurts out randomly, not answering my question the slightest bit. She goes on to twirl the baseball bat in her fingers

Kiera approaches me and sticks her hands on my face, wiping non-existent tears. Her sudden contact causes me to retreat into double chin stature. "I'm so, so sorry Lara," she sobs, "we saw what happened on T.V."

I grab her shoulders and hold her at a safe distance away from me. She continues to cry and I look at Carol and Jasmine, who just shrug. "Kiera, why are you crying? I was the one who got cheated on, on T.V.!"

you "I just-you just," she stammers between sobs, "I FEEL SO SAD FOR YOU!" She continues to unleash a waterfall on my shoulder, staining my top with her tears.

"Oh, um, thanks?" I reply hesitantly, "Your concern astounds me, really." I push her over to Jasmine, who heartily accepts the disastrous Kiera. She continues to cry on Jasmine's shoulder and Jasmine pats her back.

"We thought you'd look more, I don't know, angry? Frustrated? Sad?" Jasmine mentions, as we walk over to the staircase.

I lead them up the stairs, "I am, but once this happens to you over and over again, heartbreak becomes more of a heart-crack."

We get up to my room and nobody says a word as I plop down onto my bed. I look over at Carol, who is still twirling her baseball bat. "You haven't said much," I say, raising my eyebrows at her.

"I have a bat." she repeats, this time, smiling evilly.

"I can see..."

"This is my lucky baseball bat." she announces to us, while we stare at her, incredibly concerned.

"You are being surprisingly calm about everything. I would've expected you to like, I don't know, have whipped some sort of murder plan in my face by now." I tell her, eyeing the crazy woman in front of me.

Carol laughs, so crazily that I shift closer to Jasmine and Kiera.

"I'm scared," Kiera whispers.

"Same," Jasmine and I agree at the same time.

"Carol's the one who organized this! She suggested that all of us should come over together to comfort you!" Jasmine exclaims to our little huddle.

"Actually, I just wanted to have an audience." Carol responds, smirking at us.

"Audience? For what?" Kiera almost shouts.

"Well, I for one do not feel comfortable, like at all." I tell the girls.



Carol takes a seat on my desk chair and spins around in it. "The worst part is waiting. I can't wait 'till James and Eliza get back. Then the fun will truly begin." she sighs, rubbing her hands together. I swear I can feel Kiera shiver beside me.

"Carol!" Jasmine exclaims. "This is not the time for your violent antics!" she reprimands.

"Jasmine, do you hear yourself? Because I really think this is a very appropriate time." Carol argues.

"Lara?" Jasmine looks to me, probably waiting for me to back her up, but I give her an apologetic look.

"Sorry Jas, most of the time I'd agree with you, knowing Carol's destructive potential-" I start explaining.

Jasmine already fires her contradiction, "But what? Sure we're all mad here, but do we really want to end up in jail!"

"The only people who end up in jail are the people who get caught, dummy." Carol tells Jasmine, flicking her on the forehead.

They continue their little bicker for about 5 more minutes, according to my watch. I observe Kiera, who's head is darting back and forth from the two arguing girls. I slap my own forehead.

We are getting absolutely nowhere.

"YOU ARE NOT GOING TO HIT THEM WITH A BASEBALL BAT, CAROL!"

"THEN WHO'S GOING TO BEAT THEM UP, JASMINE? YOU?"

"STOP!" Kiera finally yells, stepping between the both of them and holding them apart with her arms. "How is this going to solve our problem? At this rate, you guys are going to kill each other before James and Eliza even get here!"

each other That silences both Jasmine and Carol. I let out a huge sigh.

Not even I know what to do when they come back. Am I going to open that door and start firing every bad thing I can think of? Am I going to slap Eliza and yell at them both? I don't know if I can do that. Can I do any of this without bursting into tears?

I can be strong, but that only lasts so long.

The answer to all of my questions spurs out at the moment when tears start to trickle down my cheeks and I fall onto the ground. I can't confront them. I can't handle James and Eliza right now. Maybe I'm being a coward, but I just can't do this right now.

Kiera comes over to hug me first, followed by Jasmine, and even Carol drops her bat to join the group hug.

"It's so unfair." I whisper, trying to wipe the never-ending tear drops on my cheek.

"I know, I know. Just let it out." Jasmine tells me, stroking my hair back.

"You'll always have us. Promise." Kiera adds, squeezing my hand.

"We kind of love you." Carol shrugs, giving me a little smile.

As I look at the three girls around me, I realize that even though we've hurt each other, made many mistakes, we will always have each other. Maybe not every moment of our friendship was happy, but we've learned to stand by each other through the tough times. We've learned to be each other's strength.

It is as if the universe hears my cries, and the doorbell rings again.

This time, I know it's them.

Without me saying anything, Kiera gestures for me to stay put. They all get up.

Carol picks up her baseball bat, "It's my time ladies." She gets a little laugh out of me, and we all smile at each other.

"We got this." Jasmine winks, before they exit my bedroom, shutting the door behind them.

I hear their footsteps down the stairs, and when I am sure that they've reached the bottom, I quietly open my door. I sneak over to the top of the staircase, where I sit down, observing what's happening. The doorbell rings and I watch as Kiera opens the door.



Behold. Jameson Bryer and Eliza whom I wish to perform an exorcism on.

Carol goes head on, holding her bat in the air, swinging it towards them with full force, but Jasmine grabs her arm in enough time to avoid any damage. I almost laugh at James and Eliza, whose arms are up, protecting their faces.

"LET ME HAVE IT AT THESE HILLBILLIES!" Carol yells, trying to break through Jasmine's grip.

"NOT YET, CAROL!" she shouts back.

"If it isn't Mr. Let-me-go-to-a-hockey-game-with-the-wannabe-stripper and Eliza-the-extremely-evil-eyesore-who-so-has-a-terrible-sense-of-style. What do you want?" Kiera fires, crossing her arms and shooting daggers at them.

Mr. Let-me-go-to-a-hockey-game-with-the-wannabe-stripper Eliza-the-extremely-evil-eyesore-who-so-has-a-terrible-sense-of-style. Eliza scoffs and rolls her eyes.

"Please let me talk to her." James asks, so desperately that I feel my heart ache a bit.

"She doesn't want to talk to you." Jasmine snaps back, so fiercely that I don't know what came over my shyest friend.

"Please. I-I-this was all a mistake. I didn't, I didn't, want any of this to happen. Please let me talk to her." he begs, eyes starting to tear up.

"Tell me about it," Eliza mutters to herself, "You'd think he'd want to be with someone who's actually on his level. Instead he sticks by his ugly *ss girlfriend..."

James points at Eliza, "YOU! SHUT THE HELL UP! HOW ARE YOU EVEN HERE?"

"I took the bus, no thanks to you."

He looks up at the sky, then presses his fingers between his brows, groaning in frustration.

"This is your fault." he sneers.

"It takes two, babe."

I bite my inner cheek, holding a scream inside. If only I could walk on down there and confront them, but my body is truly paralyzed.

"Can I smack this b*tch now?" Carol asks Jasmine, holding her bat up.

"I think both of you should leave." Kiera tells the two.

Eliza clicks her tongue, "FYI, I live here. So if you don't mind, I think I'll just-"

live Carol immediately blocks her, "And if you want to continue living , I suggest you take a hike, Eliza."

continue living "You can't do this-"

"I'm the one with the bat."

Carol lifts up the bat for a swing and Eliza lets out a little yelp before running in the opposite direction. Finally, she's out of sight.

"I'm not going to leave until I see her." James repeats, and Carol proceeds to lift up her bat again. "You can beat me up if you want, I clearly deserve it, but I'm not leaving this house until I see Lara."

"Well we're sorry but-" Jasmine starts, and I slowly step down the stairs.

"Lara!"

Our eyes meet, both of us teary-eyed, broken. I don't say anything, but only observe how time slows down. How bright streaks from the sun break through the window panes, falling onto his skin. How the small dust particles dance in the light, how each footstep of mine feels like I'm walking on hot coals.

"Lara."

He gets no reply.

"You said you wanted to see me?" I raise my eyebrows.

"Yes, I-"

"I would rather not speak to you right now, James. I-I need some time to let everything sink in. I'm not asking for much, but I only ask that you give me space." I manage to get out, sticking my hands in my back pockets.

"I love you."

Words that are supposed to comfort and mend, instead rip my heart out completely.

"I think you should go. We can talk tomorrow."

He nods disappointedly before going through the front door. Kiera shuts the door. I let out a large exhale, and Carol gives my shoulder a reassuring squeeze.

I do not allow myself to feel an ounce of guilt because sometimes I need to prioritize myself.

BONJOUR

BONJOUR BONJOUR Tip for writing heartbreak: listen to Lewis Capaldi (God I love him)

Tip for writing heartbreak: listen to Lewis Capaldi (God I love him) Tip for writing heartbreak: listen to Lewis Capaldi (God I love him) ANYWAYS, how are y'all doing? This chapter is dedicated to @jedefloopflee who suggested for me to listen to Ruel who is a really good artist and maybe I'm a little in love...

ANYWAYS, how are y'all doing? This chapter is dedicated to @jedefloopflee who suggested for me to listen to Ruel who is a really good artist and maybe I'm a little in love... ANYWAYS, how are y'all doing? This chapter is dedicated to @jedefloopflee who suggested for me to listen to Ruel who is a really good artist and maybe I'm a little in love... I know many of you aren't ready, but there are only 3 chapters lefts of this story. *cue le gasp* Please stay tuned for the upcoming chapters, (which will make you v emotional) and share this story if you like it! If you're confused as to why I'm kinda like "share! share! share!" it's cause we're only less than 100K to 1 million and it would be sooooo great to reach it this year.

I know many of you aren't ready, but there are only 3 chapters lefts of this story. *cue le gasp* Please stay tuned for the upcoming chapters, (which will make you v emotional) and share this story if you like it! If you're confused as to why I'm kinda like "share! share! share!" it's cause we're only less than 100K to 1 million and it would be sooooo great to reach it this year. I know many of you aren't ready, but there are only 3 chapters lefts of this story. *cue le gasp* Please stay tuned for the upcoming chapters, (which will make you v emotional) and share this story if you like it! If you're confused as to why I'm kinda like "share! share! share!" it's cause we're only less than 100K to 1 million and it would be sooooo great to reach it this year. Nevertheless, I love each and every one of you for your support! Tell me what you think about this chapter, what you think will happen next, and how y'all are coping. The person who writes my favourite comment will get a dedication in the next chapter! :)

Nevertheless, I love each and every one of you for your support! Tell me what you think about this chapter, what you think will happen next, and how y'all are coping. The person who writes my favourite comment will get a dedication in the next chapter! :) Nevertheless, I love each and every one of you for your support! Tell me what you think about this chapter, what you think will happen next, and how y'all are coping. The person who writes my favourite comment will get a dedication in the next chapter! :) -Summer

-Summer -Summer Also I will be posting some behind the scenes HTBTBTW writing and some hints up on my IG so you can follow at: summerangeles8

Also I will be posting some behind the scenes HTBTBTW writing and some hints up on my IG so you can follow at: Also I will be posting some behind the scenes HTBTBTW writing and some hints up on my IG so you can follow at: summerangeles8 summerangeles8 I also post some photography and some personal stuff to get to know me more! I also just posted a really funny draft of what is now this book, that maybe 12y/o or younger me wrote.

I also post some photography and some personal stuff to get to know me more! I also just posted a really funny draft of what is now this book, that maybe 12y/o or younger me wrote. I also post some photography and some personal stuff to get to know me more! I also just posted a really funny draft of what is now this book, that maybe 12y/o or younger me wrote.





Tip Forty-Eight: Deal With Heartbreak


YO BUT WHY IS THIS SONG LIKE THIS WHOLE STORY?? (Pls listen) Anyways, continue. on...

YO BUT WHY IS THIS SONG LIKE THIS WHOLE STORY?? (Pls listen) Anyways, continue. on... YO BUT WHY IS THIS SONG LIKE THIS WHOLE STORY?? (Pls listen) Anyways, continue. on... I wake up the next morning to find the house silent. The first thought that comes into my mind is, "Did someone die?". I quietly step down the stairs, and what greets me is terrifyingly surprising. I see my entire family at the kitchen table, together, (not fighting) and eating breakfast together.

My eyes widen in shock.

"Good morning, Ara," my mom greets.

"Um...good morning?" I hesitate. It's all brand new to be seeing everyone so calm in the morning. "What's going on?"

"Family breakfast," Illa replies, shoving a mouthful of scrambled eggs in her mouth.

"Weird," I mutter beneath my breath.

I take a seat at the table, in the only vacant spot. I stuff my plate with everything I see because this literally never happens. I end up having bacon, eggs, pancakes, sausage, and some sliced fruit all plastered on top of my plate. Everybody starts eating in silence, and I can't seem to conform.

"So guys, what happened to, I don't know , the rest of the people in this household?"

I don't know They all look up from their food, then to each other, and back down at their food again.

"They're just staying somewhere else." Bree answers in short, shrugging. She immediately goes back to her food.

I just nod. I don't think I need nor want anymore explanation. All I know is that I'm not seeing Eliza's face anymore and that makes me very happy.

I finish my entire breakfast and head upstairs to get ready. I mindlessly brush my teeth, comb out my tangled hair, and put it up in a messy ponytail. I quickly slip into my black jeans and oversized t-shirt, carefully watching the time to make sure that I catch the 10:30 a.m. bus.

Something on my disorganized dresser catches my eye.

A box.

I open it to find a beautiful ring. Taking it out of the box, I examine the great craftsmanship among the twisted wires. Finding it weird that I haven't worn this piece of jewellery, I slip it on my finger. My head turns to my clock.

10:20 a.m.

Shizballs! I'm actually going to miss my bus. I basically perform some weird contortion routine as I try to get my socks on, and after that, I'm sprinting downstairs. I grab my heavy parka from the closet and slide it on. At the door, I hop on one foot, trying to jam my snow boot on. After successfully getting both on my feet, I rush out the door, yelling for one of my family members to close.

Finally, it's the homestretch, and I sprint across the sidewalk, eyes on the bus stop. Wonderfully, the bus gets to the stop, where I am frankly 50m away from.

"WAIT!" I shout, flailing my arms in order to catch the driver's attention. The bus starts moving, but I keep shouting and running (which is really, really hard). Miraculously, the bus stops, and I climb on.

I hold onto the railing, heavily panting.

As I look up, I notice a bunch of people staring...and an old lady giving me a dirty look. I force an awkward smile.

It turns out I'm really not used to taking the bus anymore.

I guess for the past few months, I've just gotten used to driving or walking around with James. I suddenly remember the first time he offered to drive me from school and I rejected him. The same day, he showed up on the sidewalk, ready to walk me home after our tutoring session.



It seems like that was just yesterday.

I find myself laughing at the memory. How stupid. I am pulled out of my day dream when my eyes and the eyes of the old woman meet. She gives me another dirty look and I look away, confused. God knows what I did to her?

The bus pulls up at my stop, and I walk out, leaving the strange old lady to glare at some different teenager.

Walking over to the nearby Starbucks, some guy bumps into me, knocking my wallet out of my hand. It drops on the floor and we both bend down to pick it up. He ends up getting my wallet before me and I start to panic when he doesn't immediately give it back.

I'm going to get robbed.

Great.

I mean what's there to rob in my wallet, I have what? Twenty bucks? Less? Wait, I have my I.D. in there. Oh my God, he's going to do some illegal stuff with my name, oh-

"Leslie?" stranger says, handing my wallet back (phew).

I look up at him. " Xander? "

Xander? He laughs, "Long time, no see."

"We literally talked to each other at the library a few days ago, Xander. And you purposely getting my name wrong is getting really old."

He shrugs then pauses for a second, trying to recount the memory. A few seconds later, he laughs and nods. "Right. So what are you doing here?"

"Just getting some Starbucks."

"Oh okay, I'll go with-"

"No." I interrupt abruptly. His eyes widen in surprise. Normally, I'd never pass up the opportunity to look less awkward by tagging along with a friend, but I've got some business to do today.

"I mean...what I meant was...well."

"No, I get it," he says, brushing it off, "You wanna be alone."

"No, uh, actually, I'm meeting my-I mean, I'm meeting James."

His lips form an "O" shape, before a cringe. Before he says anything, I already know what he's about to say. "If it makes you feel any better, nobody watches hockey."

"You do."

"Well, yeah. To be honest, I really didn't expect that to happen. He's kinda crazy about you."

"Or so we thought." I mutter.

Xander gives me a reassuring pat on the arm, "Just go in there and do what's best for you, whatever that may be. If he really loves you, he'll respect your decision."

"Thanks Xander."

He gives me a half smile before leaving me.

My phone buzzes and I see a text message from Xander.

Xander: In exchange for my very good life advice, can you send me the answer for #18 for the first unit of the math exam review?

Xander: In exchange for my very good life advice, can you send me the answer for #18 for the first unit of the math exam review? I roll my eyes and shove my phone back in my jacket pocket.

***

I get to the small Starbucks on the street, and open the door. Stepping inside, I immediately see James, who stands up from his table. I know that I'm supposed to meet him here, but I'm still surprised that he's early. Not that he's ever late, but I'm the early one. There are even two cups of some steaming drink there.

He's dressed strangely different today. Gone are his casual jeans and t-shirt and are instead replaced with a long sleeved button-up and dark grey dress pants.



Walking over to him, he lifts up a potted orchid to my face. I frown at the unusual gesture. Not to mention, the weird middle-aged couple at the next table that keeps staring.

What's with people and their enhanced observation skills, today?

I take the flower pot and place it on the ground as I sit down.

"So you're trying to make me look like a hobo?" I accuse.

He leans back, stunned.

"You come here with your nice shirt and pants, a freakin' orchid in a freakin' pot, your little fancy watch," I gesture to his Rolex, "and you don't even send a freakin' text that you were gonna see me like this?"

"You said you didn't want me to say anything else to you."

"I know what I said! But maybe a little heads up would have been nice, so that I could look somewhat socially acceptable beside you!" I whisper-yell, then take a sip of the free hot chocolate.

He looks around the café uncomfortably.

"And a potted plant? People who apologize get freakin' roses James, roses ! In like, a bouquet ? Have you even memorized the rom-coms I told you to?"

roses bouquet "You hate roses! I know you love orchids!" he sighs in exhaustion.

"I know what I hate and I-well, I do hate roses. But that's not the point! Anyways, we're not here to talk about your lack of romantic apology experience. I'm only here to listen to what you have to say, then I'm gone. I'm a busy woman, James."

I mean, maybe that's kind of a lie. I actually do not have any plans after this other than going home and re-watching the third season of Stranger Things with Illa. But that is very important.

James begins to tap his foot on the ground, and I can feel his nervousness. "Lara, I'm sorry," he starts, "I should have never gone with Eliza in the first place. It was so stupid of me to trust her. I should have had better judgement."

The aura around us changes, and everything starts to tense up again.

"Yeah, you were more stupid than usual. But do you know what really hurt me the most?" I ask, relieving my tension by cracking my knuckles underneath the table.

He doesn't flinch.

"When Eliza and I were fighting. You took her side."

A sudden thought dawns on him, and he squeezes his eyes shut. "You weren't fighting about the jacket, you were fighting about me ."

me " Ding, ding, ding! We have a winner! " I exclaim sarcastically. "And that wasn't even the worst part, mind you."

Ding, ding, ding! We have a winner! When he doesn't reply, I continue on.

"You know what the worst part was? Do you, James? It felt like I was reliving everything again. All the pain I felt from before just came rushing back. You and Eliza. Again. Me being the third wheel. Again. You guys kissing. Again. The only thing that I'm waiting for, is you leaving me. Again."

everything I feel my eyes welling up, and I get up from my spot, heading to the door. No way am I going to cry in a Starbucks and have a middle-aged couple judge me, while waiting for their latté. The cold air bites my skin as I walk over to the his car, parked along the street. He trails behind me.

"Unlock it." I order, as my fingers start to freeze.

He follows, unlocking the car doors. I step into the passenger's side at the same time he goes into the driver's seat.

I let a tear slip down my cheek, but immediately wipe it away on my sleeve.

"I bet you didn't realize that I was kind of in love with you for our whole childhood, huh?" I scoff.



"I didn't." he whispers.

"We stopped being friends after you and Eliza broke up."

"I-" he starts, but can't seem to find the words to finish his sentence.

"I can't blame you for all of this though. I never told you. I wasn't upfront about my feeling then, and I wasn't upfront about them now. It's just-I just, I wanted to hide. I should have talked about this. Then maybe, maybe," I begin to sob, "maybe this wouldn't have happened."

It turns into uncontrollable sobbing, much like Kiera's yesterday, and I lean my forehead on the dashboard.

"Baby, please don't cry." he pleads, his voice hoarse. He reaches for my hand, and strokes over my ring with his finger.

"This ring, I gave it to you." he mentions suddenly.

I sit up straight to look at him. "When?"

"Remember, this was the box I threw at you at the airport."

I laugh through the tears, remembering that childish prank he pulled on me, right before I left for the Philippines. God, he was such a jerk.

He brings his hand up to my cheek to wipe away the tears. "It's so much better when you're laughing."

" You're the one who makes me cry." I point my finger at his chest in accusation.

You're "I know. My sorries will not change anything, but I just want you to know that you mean the world to me. I've never loved anyone like I love you."

At that moment I want to cry. I feel all the emotions at once and I don't know how to process any of them.

"James-"

"I'm begging you, give me a second chance? I promise that I'll be smarter, I'll work harder, I'll do anything for you. I'll do anything to be with you." I can see the pain, the yearning, the determination, in his eyes, and it almost makes me want to lean over and kiss him and tell him it's going to be alright.

But I can't .

But I can't "I'm sorry James."

Tears start to fall down his cheeks, even as he tries to keep his cool composure. "You said that I didn't realize that you liked me when we were kids! But did you see through me? Lara, I've had a crush on you since freshman year! I kept convincing myself that I didn't, that it was impossible, but now I know that even in those times, I did! "

you I did! I am left speechless.

He swallows before saying, "I'm sorry Lara, but whether you like it or not, I'm in love with you. I always have been and I always will be. I know you won't admit it because I've hurt you too many times to count, but I know that you love me too."

I take in a breath. Exhale. "You're right. I love you." I shrug.

"Please give me another chance."

"I can't."

"Why not?" he asks softly, still holding my hand.

"Just because we love each other, doesn't mean that we should be together. A relationship can't rely solely on love alone. You need trust, communication, understanding, and I think we both have to work on those things." I tell him with a half-smile.

He nods, disappointed.

"Are you saying we should just be friends for the meantime?"

I purse my lips, "I'm thinking, frenemies?"

"Frenemies?"

"I need to hold some type of grudge!"

"I already gave you a peace orchid!"

"Are we frenemies or what?"

"I'll take what I can get, but something's gotta lead to a real ring one way or another." he smirks and I roll my eyes. He leans in so quickly, that I don't even notice as he locks his lips on mine.

At the moment we pull apart, I tell James, "Frenemies don't do that."

He looks at his watch. "It's 11:10. Do me one last favour and let us become frenemies at 11:15?"

I roll my eyes again, which he somehow assumes means "yes", and laughs before attacking me with another kiss.

I swear to God, we better be frenemies at 11:15.

HEHEHE

HEHEHE HEHEHE I wrote this whole thing today, just so I could update on a Friday! Anyways, I accidentally missed the Wattys application so oops... I'll just accept that defeat on my part lmao. I was so busy that I only wrote this now-okay, by busy I mean I was watching Stranger Things in its entirety but let's not talk about the end of Season 3. Okay? Okay.

I wrote this whole thing today, just so I could update on a Friday! Anyways, I accidentally missed the Wattys application so oops... I'll just accept that defeat on my part lmao. I was so busy that I only wrote this now-okay, by busy I mean I was watching Stranger Things in its entirety but let's not talk about the end of Season 3. Okay? Okay. I wrote this whole thing today, just so I could update on a Friday! Anyways, I accidentally missed the Wattys application so oops... I'll just accept that defeat on my part lmao. I was so busy that I only wrote this now-okay, by busy I mean I was watching Stranger Things in its entirety but let's not talk about the end of Season 3. Okay? Okay. So how did you guys enjoy this chapter? Did you expect these events or only some of them? What do you think is next for James and Lara? Find out on the next HTBTBTW!

So how did you guys enjoy this chapter? Did you expect these events or only some of them? What do you think is next for James and Lara? Find out on the next HTBTBTW! So how did you guys enjoy this chapter? Did you expect these events or only some of them? What do you think is next for James and Lara? Find out on the next HTBTBTW! Now for this special dedication to @Fureverfluffy because she analyzed my story like my English teacher analyzing Shakespeare so that was awesome! Seriously, that was really cool.

Now for this special dedication to @Fureverfluffy because she analyzed my story like my English teacher analyzing Shakespeare so that was awesome! Seriously, that was really cool. Now for this special dedication to @Fureverfluffy because she analyzed my story like my English teacher analyzing Shakespeare so that was awesome! Seriously, that was really cool. Also to everyone who's still alive, thanks for reading, voting, commenting and sharing! Without y'all we wouldn't even be here! Love you!

Also to everyone who's still alive, thanks for reading, voting, commenting and sharing! Without y'all we wouldn't even be here! Love you! Also to everyone who's still alive, thanks for reading, voting, commenting and sharing! Without y'all we wouldn't even be here! Love you!

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. And also the other one I found but can't paste said, "My level of single right now...I stood on a cliff and shouted "I love you". My echo replied "I just want to be friends".

And also the other one I found but can't paste said, "My level of single right now...I stood on a cliff and shouted "I love you". My echo replied "I just want to be friends". And also the other one I found but can't paste said, "My level of single right now...I stood on a cliff and shouted "I love you". My echo replied "I just want to be friends". OK. BYE FOR REAL. <3 (OH and best funny line about being single for next dedication-->)

OK. BYE FOR REAL. <3 (OH and best funny line about being single for next dedication-->) OK. BYE FOR REAL. <3 (OH and best funny line about being single for next dedication-->) -Summer

-Summer -Summer





Tip Forty-Nine: Try To Be Frenemies


"Sana ngayong pasko, ay maalala mo pa rin ako, hinahanap-hanap pagibig mo-" (hopefully this Christmas, you will remember me, looking for your love-)

"Ara! Stop singing that depressing-*ss song!" Bree screams at me, from all the way upstairs.

"It's a Christmas song! You can't blame me if I like it!" I shout back, defending my all time favourite filipino Christmas song.

"Yeah Ate, I know it's a Christmas song and all, but can't you sing something more merry? I don't know, like, Jingle Bells?" Illa suggests, looking up from her phone, as she sits comfortably on the couch.

I continue my arm workout, which is mixing chocolate cookie dough in a large bowl, and stick out my tongue. "Maybe I'll let you guys dictate what I can or can't sing when you actually do something."

I poke my finger in the batter and give the dough a taste. Delicious.

Brook walks into the room and grabs the car keys from the counter-top. She's barely there second, before turning to leave.

"Where are you going?" I ask, while plopping spoonfuls of dough on a baking sheet.

She turns back around. "Just getting Christmas presents," she replies nonchalantly.

My brows furrow. "Brook, it's Christmas Eve already."

" Yeah? I didn't hear that it was Christmas yet, so technically I'm not late."

Yeah? "You will probably get run over at the Eaton Centre, just saying. It's fully packed today." I remind her.

"Well if you don't let me go, I probably will, and you won't get a present this year." she snaps back, before waving goodbye and sashaying out of the room. I roll my eyes.

you Illa laughs and finally gets up from the couch. She goes over to me and eyes my unbaked cookies. "Chocolate? Why didn't you do a Christmas flavour?"

I tilt my head, "Well, maybe if you got up and helped me earlier, I would've."

"I was busy!" she counters, taking a spoonful of dough and shoving it in her mouth. And she was complaining .

And she was complaining "Busy with what? Snapchatting your friends?" I joke.

"At least I'm communicating with people." she replies, raising her eyebrows.

I'm This time, I'm the one raising my brows. "Are you trying to imply something?"

Illa grabs my arm. "Ate, your cellphone has been dinging with text messages and ringing with calls for the past few hours. All you do is look at your phone, then decline all of the calls, and not once have I seen you reply to those messages."

"I'm very busy, Illa. Plus, I'll reply to them later. It's just Carol calling to discuss her strange scheme for Christmas again. If I answered those, I'd never get these cookies done." I laugh.

Illa grabs my phone from the table.

"Hey!"

She swipes across the screen, then shoves it to my face. "This doesn't look like Carol, unless Carol somehow switched genders, changed backgrounds, and grew a foot in the last few hours."

I sigh, grabbing the phone back. "Okay, okay. What does it matter to you if I'm not answering a few of his calls? I mean, I texted him an 'Ok. No thanks.' yesterday."

"To what message?"

"I don't know...um, he said something like 'How are you doing? I'm drowning in decorations. Do you need help with your baking?'. Something in that sense." I shrug.



"And you replied with three words?" She looks at me in disbelief.

"Yes."

She groans. "I knew you were upset about the breakup!"

"I'm not!" I argue. "We broke up and agreed to be frenemies." It is true though, we did agree to take a break because it would be better for the both of us. However, I'm finding it harder to be 'frenemies' than I initially thought.

"Then why are you ignoring him?"

I bite my lip while thinking of a response to that. You see, I never really thought that I was ignoring him, I just thought of it as me leaving him alone since I'm not his girlfriend anymore...

"I'm just giving him space."

"Well good luck with 'giving him space'," Illa tells me, making air quotations with her fingers. "Don't forget, we're having Christmas Eve dinner there."

"What? When did that happen? It's always at our house!" I exclaim in shock.

She slaps her forehead, "You guys were the ones who planned this when you were together!"

"We did? When?"

"In like, November!"

"No wonder he was asking about my baking..."

Illa sighs and takes my tray of cookie dough balls.

"What are you doing?" I run after the tray. I was about to put them in the oven to bake!

I was about to put them in the oven to bake! " I'm the one who's putting them in the oven," she starts, opening the oven door and sliding the tray in. "We don't want burnt cookies like last year."

I'm I roll my eyes. Sure the chocolate cookies last year were a tad bit blackened, but we still ate them all!

I still ate them all.

I "So tonight's dinner is there and tomorrow's brunch is here." Illa confirms, taking some graham crackers from the table and eating them. "You can't ignore Kuya James forever."

I nod. Perfect.

A couple of hours pass with Illa and I watching our favourite Christmas movies: Home Alone, Elf, A Christmas Carol, and some other Disney specials. Still, I can't seem to figure out how to act around him.

Home Alone, Elf, A Christmas Carol, I walk upstairs to my bedroom and immediately plop on the bed upon entering. I let out a large exhale.

It's one thing to say you'll be friends with your ex and it's another to actually do it. I mean, how do you go back to casually making fun of each other from casually making out?

Not that we made out a whole lot , I mean-just, just scratch that image out of your heads.

a whole lot I go over to my closet to pick out an outfit for later. Our Christmas dinners are usually quite formal and I don't really have anything of such. I look through practically all my clothes.

Hoodie.

Jeans.

Overalls.

Oversized t-shirt.

Then, at the back of my closet, like a Christmas miracle, a beautiful black dress appears.

"Holy shizballs, when did I buy that?" I wonder out loud.

I pick out the hanger from my closet and hold the dress up in the air. This dress is definitely not my style. I examine it.

For one thing, it's a bit (a lot) tight fitted, with a kind of deep neckline, and itty bitty straps.



There are many red flags to this dress, for example, the fact that I might as well flash somebody, but my alter ego decides to try it on.

And my alter ego gets us both stuck.

I look at my mirror, trying so hard to stretch my arm to grab the zipper, which is half zipped. My contortion act fails and I get myself stuck in the tight dress, which is two sizes too small.

I manage to get half my arm out of the strap but then the strap twists around, tangles, and I helplessly fall to the floor.

"Help!" I shout out to my sisters, hoping that they break through the door with a pair of scissors to cut me out of this dress.

The first one who comes running is Bree, who stands, stares, then lets out an obnoxious laugh. Illa comes a few seconds later, doing basically the same thing, except helping to untangle me.

Lastly, comes Brook. She was wrapping presents earlier, so she comes in with tape and scissors.

Our eyes meet and she looks absolutely possessed. As much as I want her to cut me out of this dress, it doesn't look like that's what she wants to use the scissors for...

"What are you doing in my dress?" she screams.

my I would not be surprised if she stabbed me.

I inch away like a caterpillar. "Now Brook, I'm pretty sure you can't murder people on Christmas Eve."

"You're stretching it out!" she yells, coming down, slapping my arm and tugging on the dress.

"Looks like I'm gone," Bree blurts before leaving.

"Me too." Illa follows.

"I thought it was a miracle dress!" I reason, covering my face with my arms.

Brook slaps me again on the arm, before stopping. "Fine. I will forgive you because it's Christmas."

"Thank you." I exhale.

"Now take it off," she orders.

"Can you help me?"

A few minutes and screams later, the dress finally comes off and does so unharmed. Well, Brook doesn't seem to think so because she keeps glaring at me.

Suddenly, as I think she's about to leave, she stops at my door. "I think you'll want your Christmas present early."

I follow her to her bedroom and she takes a perfectly wrapped box out from under her bed. "Merry Christmas, Ara."

"Thanks." I take the box in my hand and rip apart the wrapping paper.

I open the cardboard box to see a very stylish red dress. Like the black one, it's form-fitting with little straps, but this one has a sweetheart neckline and a ruffled bottom for a mermaid style dress.

"Wow Brook...it's beautiful." I reply, unable to search for better words.

"I mean, yeah. I have good taste."

I go back to my room, putting it on. It ends mid-calf and it's feels wonderful.

Probably because it's actually my size.

I finish the look by curling my long hair and applying a bit of makeup for a natural look.

Just add some heeled boots and a long coat and you've got an outfit.

***

We arrive at James' place at about 5 o' clock. Tita Gia answers the door and greets all of us. My dad hands over the Caldereta he cooked, while my mom holds my tray of cookies.

Caldereta

She smiles while Tita Gia compliments them.

Later she's going to joke about how she baked them. Then she won't take it back.

she I swear.

As we get in, Seb immediately runs into me, giving me a hug. "Ate Lara! Ate Lara!"

"Hi Seb, how are you doing?" I ask, hugging him back.

"Good! I have a present for you!" he says excitedly, extending an arm with a card.

"Wow! Thank you!" I take the card from the kid and open it. Inside is a picture of me and Seb with the drone on one side and James on the ground, on the opposing side.

Ah, the day I hit James with a drone. I guess it'll always be implanted in this little guy's brain.

I smile. "This is very nice, Seb. I have a present for you too." I hand over a gift bag and he gleefully accepts.

"I'm gonna put this under the tree!" He tells me, before running off.

I follow him, putting the other presents under their tree.

Except one.

The thing is, I may have gotten James a bit of a weird gift for a friend. I mean, it might be a bit...out there. Keep in mind, I bought this non-refundable gift when we were a couple.

Now, I couldn't just buy a new one...so I just left his gift at home.

Oh well.

I take a seat in the living room, while the adults prepare the feast and the rest of the kids sneak desserts up their faces.

I feel an unexpected tap on my shoulder.

"You look gorgeous."

I look up to see James, staring right back down at me. He's wearing a similar outfit as the one he wore when we met up at Starbucks, except this one is in navy blue. The matching jacket and dress pants go well with the black shirt underneath.

"Oh hey. Um, Merry Christmas Eve?" I greet hesitantly.

He sits on the armrest of the couch that I'm on. "Busy morning?"

Crabapples...he's onto me.

"Yeah, totally so busy." I lie, nodding my head, but I'm sure my facial expressions are giving it away. "I was, um, baking and...Milani threw my phone in the toilet?"

totally threw my phone in the toilet?" There is a pause.

Followed by laughter.

"Always such a bad liar." He chuckles, shaking his head. "Seriously, why are you ignoring me? We parted on pretty decent terms."

"I'm hungry. Are you hungry? Let's get food." I get up to leave, but he grabs a hold of my arm.

"What? Are you going to try to avoid me forever?"

"No...well, maybe at least a few months?" I reply awkwardly.

"Impossible."

"I don't know how to act around you! We're not together anymore and it's really different." I tell him, sitting back down on the couch. "It's really hard."

"I know."

"But I know that it isn't a good time for us. We'll just mess this up even more." I explain, fingers massaging my temples.

"Just act like the way you did before. Kinda hateful, kinda not hateful." he suggests, chuckling a little.

"I thought I could, but so much has happened. I think I was wrong about being frenemies..." I trail, regretting what I just said.

He doesn't reply for a second.

"Lara, I don't care if it's awkward as hell. There's never been a time where we weren't around each other. We've been around each other since birth! We've liked, hated, and loved each other."

"I know but-"

"I still wanna be with you. I know that this break is for the best but I can't deny what I feel," he says, playing with a piece of my hair.

I sigh. "We're not a couple. We're not friends. We're not enemies. What are we?"

"We're too special to have a label." He shrugs and leaves it at that.

At least I get a laugh out of it.

We talk until dinner, and even converse a bit during. The whole family enjoys the food and endless desserts. Everyone laughs and talks and for once, it's just amazing.

Well, until Tito Danny stands up at the table ready to announce something.

He taps the side of his wine glass with a fork. "I just want to make a toast. To our wonderful family here in Toronto! May you all have a Merry Christmas and many more to celebrate!"

The adults raise their glasses. "Cheers!"

"I cannot wait to see you all again," Tito Danny adds, which causes everyone to become silent.

"Again? You're leaving?" My dad asks.

"Yes. Back to England. My father's quite ill and there are many business matters to take care of." he explains, with a sad look on his face.

I look over to James as his face falls as well. The way he looks breaks my heart.

"You're leaving us again?" Seb asks, pouting.

"You just got back Dad. I thought you were staying." Gabe adds.

James has nothing to say. He just sits there, taking sip of cold water.

"Well baby, you'll still get to be with your dad." Tita Gia tells Seb. My brows furrow in confusion and so does everyone else's.

"What are you talking about, Mom?" James finally speaks up. His brows are knitted together, both fist and jaws are clenched.

"We're all moving to London."

ALOHA

ALOHA ALOHA So...we're almost done here :)

So...we're almost done here :) So...we're almost done here :) I had such a busy week, no joke. Party on Sunday, mall then another party on Monday, sleepover on Tuesday to Wednesday, driving also on Wednesday, birthday party planning on Thursday, dentist today and a wedding tomorrow. Phew.

I had such a busy week, no joke. Party on Sunday, mall then another party on Monday, sleepover on Tuesday to Wednesday, driving also on Wednesday, birthday party planning on Thursday, dentist today and a wedding tomorrow. Phew. I had such a busy week, no joke. Party on Sunday, mall then another party on Monday, sleepover on Tuesday to Wednesday, driving also on Wednesday, birthday party planning on Thursday, dentist today and a wedding tomorrow. Phew. So I did half of this update at the dentist office.

So I did half of this update at the dentist office. So I did half of this update at the dentist office. What will happen next? Hmm???

What will happen next? Hmm??? What will happen next? Hmm??? This chapter is dedicated to @nutcracker645 who commented:

This chapter is dedicated to @nutcracker645 who commented: This chapter is dedicated to @nutcracker645 who commented: "The last time I was someone's type, I was donating blood"

"The last time I was someone's type, I was donating blood" "The last time I was someone's type, I was donating blood" Thanks for the laugh!

Thanks for the laugh! Thanks for the laugh! Stay tuned for the last chapter!

Stay tuned for the last chapter! Stay tuned for the last chapter! -Summer

-Summer -Summer P.S. that filipino song is here:

P.S. that filipino song is here: P.S. that filipino song is here:





Tip Fifty: Say Goodbye {Part 1}


Part I

Part I "What do you mean, we're moving? Is this a joke?" James asks, standing up at the table.

we're moving? "James honey, can you please take a seat," Tita Gia pleads, grabbing his right arm.

"Just tell us what the hell is happening!"

I shift uncomfortably in my seat. They're moving to London? Sure, I was expecting Tito Danny to leave again soon for some business thing, but I wasn't expecting this.

He harshly removes his arms from his mother's grip and this time, Tito Danny stands up. "I think we need to talk somewhere else."

James shakes his head in disbelief but proceeds to walk away from the table. Tito Danny and Tita Gia excuse themselves before leaving the room. They leave the rest of us, stunned and confused.

None of us speak until Seb bursts out crying, "I don't wanna leave! I wanna stay here!"

My mother tries to calm him down. She gets up from her seat and takes him in her arms. "Shh...Oh honey, it's okay. Don't cry, it's gonna be okay."

As you would expect, the poor boy continues to cry into my mother's shoulder. She and my dad take him out of the dining area, into the living room. That leaves my sisters, Gabe, and I.

The awkward tension pushes the twins out of the room, and they end up going who-knows-where. The three of us, Illa, Gabe, and I, sit in silence.

Gabe finally pipes up about this whole fiasco. "I really don't want to go. This is my home."

Illa slumps her face on her hand, which is held up by her elbow on the table. She sighs, "I don't want you guys to leave either."

"All of my friends are here and I've never lived anywhere other than this house," he shippers in a weak voice.

Illa lets a tear slip, but immediately wipes it away. "We still have to finish that science project," she mentions, but her sad laugh breaks my heart.

"We won't be able to go to the same high school." Gabe adds, repeating that same sad laugh.

"You're my best friend." she finally says, crying this time.

He walks over to the other side of the table and they share a cute hug. Nice moment, really. Actually, it's more upsetting than nice... I find that to be my cue to leave, so I exit the dining area and sit on the staircase.

The sound of muffled yelling reaches my ears and I turn to the direction of the noise. It's coming from the study room . As my nosy self is, I walk over to where the sound is coming from.

It's coming from the study room The voices get louder and louder, until I find my ear pressed against the large wooden door, leading to Tito Danny's study.

"You can't just randomly decide this for the whole family!" James bellows.

"There's no there way! Your grandfather's sick and the business is sinking!" Tito Danny yells back. I've never heard him this angry before...

"That doesn't mean that we all have to move there permanently!"

"I can't fix all of this on my own! You need to learn the inner workings of our family business!"

"How many times do I have to tell you that I don't want to take over your stupid business!"

"Honey, it's only for now. It's just your father needs someone to help him." Tita Gia buds in. I can imagine her pulling the two hot headed men apart. Yet, I know she won't succeed.

"For now? You've been forcing this on me forever!"

"You don't even have any plans in life, James! Do you even know what you want to study in university?"



"Danny, you're going too far-" Tita Gia tries to interrupt.

"No! If he wants to do something with his life, then he better speak up about it! Go ahead!"

There is silence.

"Exactly! So don't argue with me unless you have some other great plan yourself!"

Footsteps sound behind the door. I assume that it's James walking away. They get louder and louder and I start to back away from the door.

Apparently, I don't back away in enough time and when he very harshly opens the door, it slams right into my face.

"Ow!" I exclaim, holding my nose.

"Were you listening?" James asks, frustrated. I make that awkward cringe face before looking up to face him.

"What? No . I was looking for the washroom." I lie, still holding my nose.

No "Bad liar." he comments, shaking his head before heading to the front door.

"James wait!" Tita Gia yells, running after him.

"Come back here!" Tito Danny orders, following Tita Gia.

James ignores both of them and flies straight through the front door, grabbing his coat from the coat rack.

"Leave him to me." I say, passing the couple and following James.

By the time I'm out the door, James is already turning the ignition of his car, ready to leave. I run up to his car and frantically tap the window.

"James! Stop! Open this door right now!" I yell.

He looks at me, then shakes his head. The window of the passenger seat rolls down and I stick my head through the window.

"I just need to clear my head, okay?" he sighs.

I can't really blame him for wanting that. The news was a huge, unexpected surprise. None of us are taking it well.

"Well I'm coming with you."

The sound of the door clicking lets me exhale. I step into the passenger seat and buckle my seatbelt. "So, where were you planning on going?"

He shrugs, "I don't know, I was just gonna drive around."

I suddenly remember his gift that I left at home. Maybe it would be an appropriate time to give it to him. I mean, it's not like I can keep it in my room forever.

"Wanna go back to my place? Just for a bit? I just gotta pick something up."

"I guess," he nods, driving along along the street in the direction of my house.

A few minutes later, we get to my driveway. We get out of his car and I open the door with my housekeys. We hear Milani's barking upon entering the pitch black house. I turn the lights on, lock the front door, and lead him up to my bedroom.

He takes a seat on my desk chair and I enter my closet, taking his present out.

Unwrapped, with only a red bow at the top, I hand him the acoustic guitar.

"Oh my God, Lara..." he breathes, taking the finely shaped wooden guitar in his hands.

"It's not high-end or anything, I just got it from a vintage shop. I tuned it too!" I tell him, suddenly feeling a bit nervous. "I bought it before everything happened."

"It's wonderful. Thank you." He stands up and pulls me in for a hug.

"Yeah, no problem. I figured you'd still remember how to play." I watch him hold the instrument in his hands and my mind goes back to simpler times.



"This brings back so many memories."

I smile. There was a time when James loved to play guitar. Growing up, he had a secret musical gift that not many people knew about. His grandad, a terrific musician himself, taught him how to play. At the age of 6, James already had his mini-guitar and played it endlessly. Then, at 15, he composed many of his on songs, in the quiet of his bedroom.

However, earlier this year, he threw out his guitar.

I knew it was because he couldn't bear to play after his grandfather died.

"I always knew he'd want you to keep playing," I tell him, taking a seat on the edge of my bed.

"Deep down, I knew that too."

We stay silent for a few minutes, James admiring his guitar, and me watching him do so. It isn't until he starts talking that I am pulled out of my daydream.

"I have a gift for you too," he pulls out a long, rectangular box from his jacket pocket, "Keep in mind that I bought this a while ago, so don't get freaked out or anything."

I laugh. I guess we both felt the same way.

He opens the box and I almost gasp at the shiny piece of jewelry. There, lies a beautiful silver bracelet, adorned with charms.

"May I?" he asks, unclasping it and reaching for my hand.

I nod.

He clasps the bracelet onto my left wrist and I observe every charm. Ice cream, book, fish, passport, star, and car.

Ice cream, book, fish, passport, star, and car. Those are strange things to put on a bracelet , I think to myself, laughing.

Those are strange things to put on a bracelet "These are really random charms to be honest," I tell him, chuckling.

He lets out a laugh as well. "They're actually not, if you really think about it."

I give him a puzzled look.

He takes my hand in his and starts pointing out the charms. " Ice cream , because I'll always remember your ultimate ice cream order of 'One scoop of chocolate chip cookie dough on the bottom. One scoop of cookies and cream on the top. Everything topped with crushed m&m's and sprinkles, all put together in a waffle cone'."

Ice cream Thinking about that day at the mall puts a larger grin on my face.

" A book , because we got closer together as you were helping me with my schoolwork."

A book I nod and he moves onto the next charm.

" A fish , because I was so happy to spend the day with you, at the aquarium."

A fish The meaning behind the charms begins to make me teary eyed.

" Passport , because the kids wanted to go to Disneyworld when we were babysitting but I told them that we didn't have their passports. I also want to travel the world with you someday."

Passport Someday , I think to myself, yearning for that day to be today, wishing that these unexpected bumps would come to an end.

Someday " A star , because we went stargazing for our first date...and you also passed out after eating all that fried chicken, but they didn't have a chicken leg charm so..."

A star I playfully slap his arm and he laughs.

"Lastly, a car , because you're my favourite person to have in my passenger's seat, even if you're a dictator when it comes to radio stations."

a car There he goes, making me tear up again. Why is it that he's the only person who can drive tears out of my eyes?

I give him a tight hug, a hug that I never want to part from. A sad hug, because I know that he'll be gone from my arms soon.

"When do you leave?" I whisper against his shirt.

"I asked to stay until the end of the school year, but we all have to go visit my Grandfather on my dad's side soon. I'm leaving after this semester's exams."

A week after the break . So soon.

A week after the break I nod. "Well, my parents are coming home soon. What do you want to do now?"

His sad face is replaced with a mischievous grin. "Let's go hang out at the Thompson tonight."

I raise my eyebrows. The Thompson Hotel is a luxurious hotel not too far from here, with amazing views of the entire city. Of course, anyone would want to go. But why on earth would we hang out there right now?

"What? Dude, stop being crazy. As I literally just said, my parents'll be home soon." I laugh.

"I'm serious. Let's spend one last night together." he says, no sight of a joke within his facial features. "We're not going to do anything... y'know , but we could just talk all night."

y'know "Do you want my parents to kill me? It's not like you're leaving tomorrow!" I counter.

"But time flies real quick and everything's gonna be packed after this! C'mon, let's get in trouble one last time, for old times sake? Just tell them we're hanging out." he persuades, making an immature pouty face.

I roll my eyes. "Even if we did go, how would you get a reservation right now?"

A smile forms on his face. "Sweetheart, my uncle owns a share of that place."

I roll my eyes again.

"Careful, your eyes might roll out."

"Sure, but you've got to stop with the 'Sweetheart' stuff."

He shrugs, "I've been calling you that since the beginning. We weren't even together then."

I huff. I don't even try to think of an argument. There's no winning against that.

BONJOUR

BONJOUR BONJOUR Okay, so I divided this chapter into 2 parts because I didn't want one part to be excessively long (idk it just annoys me) and I didn't want to end with chapter 51 (because ew why would I end with an odd number) so just continue onto the next part since you. guys wanted both parts posted at the same time. :)

Okay, so I divided this chapter into 2 parts because I didn't want one part to be excessively long (idk it just annoys me) and I didn't want to end with chapter 51 (because ew why would I end with an odd number) so just continue onto the next part since you. guys wanted both parts posted at the same time. :) Okay, so I divided this chapter into 2 parts because I didn't want one part to be excessively long (idk it just annoys me) and I didn't want to end with chapter 51 (because ew why would I end with an odd number) so just continue onto the next part since you. guys wanted both parts posted at the same time. :) Go ahead, finish the story, don't cry lol.

Go ahead, finish the story, don't cry lol. Go ahead, finish the story, don't cry lol. -Summer ;)

-Summer ;) -Summer ;) P.S. the song above...idk I was really missing "A Walk To Remember". Also, does anyone have any good rom-coms to watch?

P.S. the song above...idk I was really missing "A Walk To Remember". Also, does anyone have any good rom-coms to watch? P.S. the song above...idk I was really missing "A Walk To Remember". Also, does anyone have any good rom-coms to watch?





Tip Fifty: Say Goodbye {Part 2}


Part II

Part II We arrive at the hotel room, and I set my bag on the floor. I only brought a small bag because I only needed to bring the essentials: toothbrush, toothpaste, PJ's, deodorant, and tomorrow's clothes. Besides, we'd be home by morning anyways.

I texted my parents that we would be hanging out until morning and they've responded with many, many test messages back. My phone hasn't stopped buzzing since we got out of the car, and frankly, I haven't checked any of the messages out of fear.

many To think, I'm going to die tomorrow, maybe by the wrath of the tsinelas (slipper), and it's all because of dumb James. I don't even know what I was thinking when I agreed to this.

James sets his bag at the foot of the second bed and dramatically falls on top of the mattress. "I'm actually tired."

"It's only 8:30," I yawn, opposing my point. "But I'm tired too. I'm gonna get ready in the washroom."

"Okay."

I go to the washroom and wash my face, then change into my pyjamas. I don't brush my teeth just yet because I remember the stuff that I snuck in my bag.

I come out of the washroom, wearing pyjama pants and I huge Avengers t-shirt, reaching past my thighs. The first thing I see is James' back, facing the glass window. I walk up beside him.

Avengers "One of the best views in the city." he whispers, and I nod.

"It looks almost fake."

Our room overlooks the entire downtown. The lit up CN tower, clear as day, standing in front of our eyes. Meanwhile, the skyscrapers are bright stars among the dark sky. Nothing short of breathtaking. It's like a photograph plastered on our wall.

"Are you hungry?" I ask suddenly, and he frowns at me, confused.

"W-we were just talking about the view...how did that remind you of food?" he chuckles.

I shrug. "I put the extra cupcakes from my house into a container. They're in my bag."

"Only you De la Cruz, only you."

My heart involuntarily flutters at that and I think I need to cut back on all the sugar I've been consuming. Sugar rushes can do a lot to a girl, y'know.

I take out the cupcakes and hand one to him, then take one for myself. He peels the red wrapper of his and takes a bite out of it. His eyes light up as he says, "This actually tastes so good! They're not burned this year!"

I take the first part as a compliment and respond to the second part by punching him so hard on his side, that he grunts.

He laughs afterwards, and we both sit on the edge of the bed in silence, eating our dessert.

"I'm really gonna miss doing these kinds of things with you," he finally says, breaking the silence.

"Me too," I admit. "I still can't believe you're leaving, just like that."

He seems to be so deep in thought, that he doesn't reply.

"When do you think you'll be coming back?" I ask, releasing the question that has been on my mind.

"I have no clue." he breathes out.

"Oh."

"Yeah."

The conversation ends at that, and he goes over to the washroom. He changes as well, and after, we both brush our teeth, ready to sleep.

I make my way to the bed that I claimed as my own, but he ends up following me and taking the space for himself.



"Hey!" I exclaim.

He falls onto the bed, his back bouncing as he lands. Then, he lets out a large sigh. "I feel like the universe isn't compatible with us. I mean, why did all this drama have to happen? Why do I suddenly have to leave?"

I fall onto the bed, lying side by side, turning my head to face him.

He turns his head to face me. "Why can't we just be happy together?"

I put on a sad smile. "We just happen to be the perfect third wheels?"

He copies my smile. "Too bad we can't happen to be the perfect couple."

"Maybe we're wrong. Maybe the universe wants us together so bad that it had to pull us apart for now. Maybe it knew that we needed to develop ourselves before we tried again." I start, taking his left hand in my right, and squeezing it.

"Maybe it knew that we couldn't do that with each other around," he finishes, inching closer to me.

"Maybe."

"Maybe." He pulls me closer him and I find my head pressed against his chest. We don't talk for a moment, and the only sound is the rhythmic beating of our hearts.

Although I thought of that positive spin to our otherwise bad situation, it doesn't make it any less sad. It doesn't take away that my first ever friend, crush, and boyfriend is leaving.

"The universe hasn't booked my flight 'till after exams though," he tells me, bringing his face close to mine. He presses a kiss onto my forehead.

"We still have tonight and a few more days." I kiss him back, but fully pressing my lips against his. At this point, I don't care if we're broken up, or that I should be mad. The person I'm in love with is leaving, and before he goes, I want to make sure that he knows that.

His fingers find themselves tangled in my messy hair, while mine hold his face close to mine. Then, his hands slide down to my back, pulling my body closer to his, deepening the kiss. We continue on like that, in pure ecstasy, high on our emotions.

However, it isn't long until he begins to tremble.

I part from him, but leave my forehead leaning against his. "James, what's the matter?" I ask, but the sound of him breaking starts to make me tear up.

"What will we do if we don't see each other for years? What if we don't see each other for like, 10 years? What'll happen to us?" his voice breaks, and I can't bear to see his teary eyes.

With my voice hoarse, I tell him, "I don't know. I-I, I have no clue."

I pause for a second, letting tears roll down my cheeks.

"Just promise me that you'll finish university, and you'll study something you love?"

He starts to cry too, and I feel his hands shaking against my back as he hugs me tightly. "I p-promise."

"And promise me that you'll always play with Seb and hang out with Gabe?"

"O-of course."

I huff, hesitating on my last one, but proceed to say it anyways, though it makes me sob. "N-now p-promise me th-that you won't, you won't, wait for me."

"Lara-"

"If you-you find that you f-fall in l-love with someone e-else, d-don't think about m-me. P-please." I cry, tears falling on his nice shirt.

He strokes my hair back. "I w-won't promise you that."

We take a moment to grieve the memories of our childhood together, holding each other tightly in one another's arms, as if we might as well vanish any moment. But that's the reality of growing up.

Sometimes, growing up can mean growing apart.

And sometimes growing apart can mean growing closer to your inner self.

There are so many types of people in this world and we, we are only two of the seven billion on this planet. We grow up among married people, single people, friends, enemies, family. There are so many people around us that it can't be helped to be a third wheel.

As we hold each other in the darkness of the night, our breaths begin to even out. We find our air. It is calm.

"Merry Christmas, Lara."

"Merry Christmas, James."

Other times, there are coincidences where two third wheels find love. There are also times that they don't. However, it is of utter importance that we keep moving forward on our own because the only thing that we know about the future is that our future selves are a creation of our present experiences.

We both don't know where life will take us, but we can only hope that we'll find each other again.

But in the mean time, we've got to be the best third wheels.

I FINALLY FINISHED.

I FINALLY FINISHED. I FINALLY FINISHED. OKAY I LIED. There's still going to be an epilogue next week and bonus chapters if you guys so wish, but this was the last chapter.

OKAY I LIED. There's still going to be an epilogue next week and bonus chapters if you guys so wish, but this was the last chapter. OKAY I LIED. There's still going to be an epilogue next week and bonus chapters if you guys so wish, but this was the last chapter. First, I want to know what you guys think of this ending? Liked it? Hated it? Not enough closure? I know that this is kind of a loose end for most of us, but I promise that it'll tie up in the epilogue. I cannot thank you guys enough for supporting a little dweeb like me. ;D

First, I want to know what you guys think of this ending? Liked it? Hated it? Not enough closure? I know that this is kind of a loose end for most of us, but I promise that it'll tie up in the epilogue. I cannot thank you guys enough for supporting a little dweeb like me. ;D First, I want to know what you guys think of this ending? Liked it? Hated it? Not enough closure? I know that this is kind of a loose end for most of us, but I promise that it'll tie up in the epilogue. I cannot thank you guys enough for supporting a little dweeb like me. ;D You guys are the reason I even thought about finishing!

You guys are the reason I even thought about finishing! You guys are the reason I even thought about finishing! I really want to give my big speech, but I'll save that for after the epilogue!

I really want to give my big speech, but I'll save that for after the epilogue! I really want to give my big speech, but I'll save that for after the epilogue! Don't abandon me just yet!!! I'll be releasing the first part of the probably 4-part prequel, next week! So make sure to follow me to get the notification for that baby.

Don't abandon me just yet!!! I'll be releasing the first part of the probably 4-part prequel, next week! So make sure to follow me to get the notification for that baby. Don't abandon me just yet!!! I'll be releasing the first part of the probably 4-part prequel, next week! So make sure to follow me to get the notification for that baby. To my TSBB readers, I don't think I'll be updating that one any time soon because I feel like the genre of it has kind of passed my interest.

To my TSBB readers, I don't think I'll be updating that one any time soon because I feel like the genre of it has kind of passed my interest. To my TSBB readers, I don't think I'll be updating that one any time soon because I feel like the genre of it has kind of passed my interest. Also, I will be starting a new book titled "Behind The Shining Stars" after this whole thing is pulled into a wrap. Please be on the lookout for that one! I'm really looking forward to starting something new, after working on this for 3 FREAKING YEARS! For people who like diversity, romance, comedy, sci-fi, and action, that crazy one is for you. I won't spoil too much, but just look out for that one.

Also, I will be starting a new book titled "Behind The Shining Stars" after this whole thing is pulled into a wrap. Please be on the lookout for that one! I'm really looking forward to starting something new, after working on this for 3 FREAKING YEARS! For people who like diversity, romance, comedy, sci-fi, and action, that crazy one is for you. I won't spoil too much, but just look out for that one. Also, I will be starting a new book titled "Behind The Shining Stars" after this whole thing is pulled into a wrap. Please be on the lookout for that one! I'm really looking forward to starting something new, after working on this for 3 FREAKING YEARS! For people who like diversity, romance, comedy, sci-fi, and action, that crazy one is for you. I won't spoil too much, but just look out for that one. This turned out long, but they always are. See you in the epilogue.

This turned out long, but they always are. See you in the epilogue. This turned out long, but they always are. See you in the epilogue. -Summer :)

-Summer :) -Summer :)





Epilogue


~7 years later~

~7 years later~ The church bells ring and I find myself panicking.

I fidget with my ring, hanging by the silver chain around my neck.

Aisle, walking, 1 minute, breathe .

Aisle, walking, 1 minute, breathe I start to hyperventilate and try to fan myself with the bouquet. The groom is already at the front, and we're still making last minute dress alterations behind the huge, wooden doors.

To make things worse, we did hair and makeup so early this morning that I didn't get to eat breakfast.

Why did I ever get the idea to set this wedding at 8 a.m. on a Saturday morning? Oh yeah, because it's a church.

Why did I ever get the idea to set this wedding at 8 a.m. on a Saturday morning? I quietly curse under my breath, but realize my mistake and make the sign of the cross right after to beg for forgiveness. Honey, life is tough and sometimes it brings the curses out of me.

I take a deep breath and the wedding planner says, "Start the music," into his ear piece. The large, wooden doors open, and Pachelbel's Canon in D starts to play.

Canon in D Step by step, I begin to walk forward. I smile as I see the people in the pews, but after a few seconds, it makes me more nervous than I already am. I reach close to the altar, focusing on the groom, but my eyes drift to the familiar man beside him, causing my jaw to drop in shock.

I almost drop the bouquet.

Actually, it does fall from my hands but James swiftly reaches to grab it before it does, handing it right back to me.

I don't move from my position, still gaping at him as if he were a ghost.

"Surprise," he mouths. I still stay stationary in my position.

Finally Logan steps up between us, muttering through his teeth, "Can you guys get out of the freakin' way so we can continue on with my wedding?"

"Sorry," we both whisper at the same time, stepping back into our positions.

The rest of the bridesmaids walk down the aisle, but I drown out all of the music, not looking at any single one of them. My eyes are only focused on one person, who seems to be Logan's best man.

He catches me staring at him and I quickly look away. It isn't long until my curiosity gets the best of me and I turn back.

He throws me a little smirk, and I shake my head while rolling my eyes. He's the same person, alright. After seven years, he's still that tall and handsome guy, with a charming smile. His hair is now neatly trimmed, while his face has a short stubble. Still, the familiar dark, brown eyes and piercing dimples never fade.

Finally, Jasmine walks down the aisle, in her simple yet elegant white dress. Her hair is up in a gorgeous braided bun and her features are enhanced with the natural makeup. Every step that she makes, brings more tears to Logan's eyes and I can't help but wipe away my own.

Kiera and Carol stand beside me, tearing up as well. Actually, not Carol. She so subtly whispers, "Stop being drama queens, guys" to Kiera and I, but I also subtly bump her shoulder.

We sit in our seats for the mass, waiting eagerly for the vows. When the big finale comes, both Jasmine and Logan accept each other without hesitation. They place their rings on each other's finger and when they finally kiss, everyone cries.

Including Carol, who tries her best to stop it by looking up and fanning herself, but we can all see her.

As the ceremony ends, the guests file their way out of the church and we all get engulfed in the crowd, losing each other.



It isn't until I'm out of the place, that my arm gets tugged out of the horde of people.

At the sidelines, I turn to face James, who is looking down at me with a smug smile.

I frown at him before punching his arm really hard.

"Jeez woman! Did you take boxing lessons in your spare time?" he shouts, holding his pained arm.

"What are you doing here? You didn't even call or text or email to tell me that you were coming back!" I yell frustratingly, a hand on my hip.

"Do you not understand the concept of a surprise ?"

surprise I roll my eyes and hit him again.

I look around us and realize that everyone has already left like a group of runners. How are they so fast? I sigh, pulling car keys out of my purse. "Well if I don't get a parking spot, I'm blaming you."

To that he just smiles, "Meet you there?"

I grunt in response.

It feels incredibly weird to be seeing him again. Both of us were so busy with pursuing our careers that even when we did talk, it was only for a split second. While learning the company management, James decided to continue playing hockey for his university as he completed his Bachelor of Sports Management. After a couple of years, Gabe finally graduated high school, ready to learn about the company and James was let off the hook. Soon enough, he got drafted to a professional league and it's been crazy since then.

He really had his hands full.

Not to say that I haven't been the same. After years of pushing through, I finally completed my undergrad a few years back. Now, my spare days can be counted on my fingers as I push through medical school. Do I want to die sometimes? Yes. Although it may just be my over caffeinated brain saying things as I get my work done.

The evening is full of chatting and dancing and alcohol. I find myself making frequent trips to the bar. Jasmine paid for it, so I mean, why not?

I'm twenty-three, and thriving. And by thriving, I mean in debt.

So let me enjoy a few free cocktails.

Unsurprisingly, James is seated right next to me, which brings a sort of awkward tension to our table. However, Carol, Mark, Kiera, and Daniel, don't point it out.

Logan hits his spoon on his glass, drawing everybody's attention. Luckily, he did it way lighter than last time, in which he broke the glass, spilling red wine on the table cloth. Both him and Jas' get up and stand to the podium.

They begin their speech, bringing about funny stories about themselves and thanking their guests, when suddenly, it comes to us. "...To my maid of honour, Lara, I cannot thank you enough for all the help you've given, planning this day. You've been planning it since 7th grade, but this past year was really crazy," Jasmine starts.

I interrupt, "No problem! I almost failed the MCAT's to do food tasting, but anything for you!" I raise my glass to her.

Logan continues the speech, "To my best man, James, thank you for helping me plan out the proposal for Jasmine. Without your help, she probably would have said no." He blows a kiss to James, earning a laugh from the guests.

James raises his glass, and "catches the kiss" with his other hand. I almost spit out my wine, laughing.

The night continues with great speeches, including mine, which was mostly a series of my third-wheeling events.

As the night reaches its end, couples find themselves slow dancing on the dance floor. I sit in my seat, observing my friends as they sway, pressed close against each other.

A hand extends out to me and James gestures to the dance floor.

I accept the offer, following him. I place my hands on his shoulders as he places his around my waist. We dance to the tempo of the song and get closer to each other with each step, until my ear is pressed against his chest.

The familiar heart beat resonates with me and I find comfort in him.

He leans down, whispering in my ear, "You did good with the wedding."

I smile, before looking up at him, "Same to you with the proposal."

After seven years of video calls and text messages, stressing, growing, crying, finding ourselves, making mistakes and trying to move on, we still find ourselves dancing with each other on a midnight in late August.

We're older and more mature now, but one thing hasn't changed. As we look at Jasmine and Logan, deep in each other's gaze, I realize, we'll always be the best third wheels.

we'll always be the best third wheels. THE END.

Don't kill me for being late, I was in Pennsylvania, then Niagara Falls, then Toronto! I'm back home today! :)

Don't kill me for being late, I was in Pennsylvania, then Niagara Falls, then Toronto! I'm back home today! :) Don't kill me for being late, I was in Pennsylvania, then Niagara Falls, then Toronto! I'm back home today! :) Acknowledgments to follow, but in the mean time, go check out the first part of my mini-prequel on my page!

Acknowledgments to follow, but in the mean time, go check out the first part of my mini-prequel on my page! Acknowledgments to follow, but in the mean time, go check out the first part of my mini-prequel on my page! Comment what you thought of this and what you want them to do in the future/what you expect.

Comment what you thought of this and what you want them to do in the future/what you expect. Comment what you thought of this and what you want them to do in the future/what you expect. -Summer ;)

-Summer ;) -Summer ;)





Bonus Chapter 1


Above: I AM IN LOVE WITH THESE GUYS IT'S NOT OK PLS LISTEN TO THEM...go on.

Above: I AM IN LOVE WITH THESE GUYS IT'S NOT OK PLS LISTEN TO THEM...go on. Above: I AM IN LOVE WITH THESE GUYS IT'S NOT OK PLS LISTEN TO THEM...go on. James

James There was a reason why I decided not to drink alcohol at the wedding.

It's 1 a.m., the wedding's about to end, and Lara is still partying on the dance floor with three groomsmen. After all this time, I'd never thought she'd be the one with the largest alcohol tolerance out of all of us.

Mark taps me on the shoulder, and I turn back abruptly. He gestures to the others-Kiera, Carol, and Daniel-before saying, "They were just asking you about the new team that you're on. How do you like it?"

"Oh, um, it's really good. The people are great. I mean, there's this one guy who's kind of arrogant, but other than that, everything's fine."

Satisfied with my response, they nod, and I glance back at Lara.

I look at Daniel, who gives me a knowing smile. "After all these years, you still can't pay attention to us when she's around."

Kiera and Carol start to giggle, trying to hide it, but fail miserably.

Suddenly the room heats up.

"Guys, I'm totally paying attention to you. It's just, it's 1 a.m. and it's been a tiring 48 hours." I lie, and judging by their smiles, they see right through it.

"Okay then." Mark comments.

"But just out of curiosity, who are those guys with her?" I finally ask.

Kiera smiles. "They're friends of Jasmine's but Lara knows them too. She went to school with them."

"Heard they're hella smart too. You see the one with black hair?" Carol starts.

She points to a tall lanky guy, dancing like a limp noodle. I stare at him. He says something that sends Lara laughing like crazy.

It probably wasn't that funny. I mean, she's drunk.

"Well," she continues, "He did biomedical engineering at one of the most competitive programs in the country. Graduated with top honours."

I resist the urge to roll my eyes.

"The guy with the red tie? He just scored a huge deal for graphic design. He's in charge of a Nike campaign."

I don't even reply. I only glare at the guy, whom Lara's eyeing like he's some sort of greek god.

Next, Carol points at the blonde one, probably only a few inches shorter than I am and muscular built. "That guy followed her all the way to Med school."

My jaw drops. "What do you mean follow? Carol, if he's stalking her, you guys gotta get the police involved. We don't have time to wait for something to-"

"Can you and your blue balls chill for 3 seconds?" Carol almost yells, before laughing.

I frown.

"Relax man. No, he's not a stalker, just a suitor. Now calm yourself."

I almost get lightheaded. This is way worse than a stalker.

This is way worse than a stalker. I look back to find her gone.

She finally leaves the dancefloor, and I think she's on her way back to our table, when she curves right back to the bar.

I decide that she has probably had enough intoxication for one night and block her before she gets to the counter.

She looks up at me with bloodshot eyes.



"Mooooove," she whines, slapping my arm.

I almost laugh as she staggers around me. It just seems so ironic that the good girl reputation she held in high school vanishes completely when she sees a free bar.

"I think you've had enough," I tell her.

"Nooooope...I'm still-still sober." she argues, pushing me away

"Um, no you're not," I state.

I motion for the bartender to cut her off of the drinks and he nods.

"Dude, you're absolutely wasted. You need to go home."

At hearing that, she rams her head on my chest, causing me to let out a pained grunt.

I see Kiera walk by. I motion for her to come over. "Hey, I really think you should take her home when you and Daniel leave."

Kiera shakes her head. "Can't, we're going the very opposite direction. Hamilton's too far."

"She lives in Hamilton?" I exclaim.

"Unfortunately so. She's kinda far from all of us. Studies there too."

I sigh. "Who's gonna bring her then?"

Kiera shrugs. "I'll ask Luca since they live in the same area."

As she turns around to blondilocks, I grab her hand. "Wait, wait, wait. Just give me her address and I'll drop her off, okay?"

She raises an eyebrow. "Are you sure? It's far."

"It's better than to risk her life in a car with a drunk driver."

Kiera frowns again. "Luca didn't drink tonight because he assumed that he'd have to drive back with my alcoholic friend."

"I'm NOT drunk." Lara mumbles against my tuxedo, probably drooling as well.

"Sure you aren't, hon." Kiera comments with an eyeroll.

"Well we never know, do we? Safest thing is for me to drive her home." I tell her.

She nods, pulling out her phone. "Here's her address and the keys to her apartment are in her bag. Good luck."

My phone vibrates and I look at the message that Kiera sent.

"Thanks Kiera. I'll see you guys in a bit then. Tell everyone we had to go."

"No problem."

Lara and I walk out of the banquet hall, her staggering and me supporting her.

"You look so familiar." she laughs, poking my cheek dimple.

"Do I?" I ask, bemused.

"You're from my high school, weren't you?" she slurs.

"I was. I left though."

"I was sad." she says quietly, so soft that I almost don't hear it.

"Me too." I admit.

We continue walking until we get to the car. She slides into the passenger seat and I buckle her seatbelt for her. I get into the driver's seat and start the car.

"You're famous now, right?" she asks, causing me to smile again.

"Not really, but I play pro hockey if that's what you mean."

"Nice... I'm gonna be a doctor. A good one." she nods slowly.

"I'm sure you will be."

I smile, watching her head fall to the side, and her seemingly heavy eyelids closing. Even in her most drunken state, she's still beautiful. I know that she's still a genius, and her compassion will make her a wonderful doctor.

Sadly, I realize that I'm still in love with her, although she must've moved on.

After more than an hour, we finally pull up to her apartment complex. I lift her from the car, and begin walking to the place.

"Put me down, Babe," she slurs, and I can't help but sport a grin on my face.

We get to the floor of her place, and I start wandering around, searching for the number of her apartment. I finally see it, and pull the keys out of her purse.

Unlocking the door, we go inside and I gently place her body on the couch, occupying the rather small living room.

She groans, but I take a seat beside her.

"Lara, do you need anything? If you don't, I'll just go-"

Suddenly, out of nowhere, I mean, really unexpectedly , I feel her soft lips on mine. I am in shock as she presses her lips against time, so much that I don't even move or close my eyes.

really unexpectedly After the situation registers in my head, my hands find their way to her waist, and I hold her close against me. She throws her arms around my neck and I kiss her like we're 16 again. We find ourselves in a rather compromising situation, but it seems that neither of us mind.

It feels almost unreal. After 7 years, she's back in my arms. She's kissing me, and I don't have to worry about leaving her.

But she's still drunk.

We stop and catch our breaths for a minute.

She leans forward again, but this time, I stand up before things go too far.

She looks at me confused, before laughing hysterically.

"What's so funny?" I ask, but she only continues to laugh.

"You're like, so, I dunno..." she trails off.

"I think you should go to bed, and I'll show myself out." I say abruptly, not wanting to continue anything when she can barely speak fluent English.

Her face falls. "Why? Are you going back to England?"

I sit back down and take her hand. "No, I just don't want anything to happen between us that you're not fully aware of. You're extremely intoxicated."

"Am not." she spits bitterly, like a toddler.

"You definitely are."

"I'm gonna change, but don't leave me." With that, she staggers into the bedroom.

I flip through my phone as I wait for her to finish. Moments later, she comes out with an oversized shirt and some shorts.

"Your turn. I'm gonna sleep." is all she says before pointing to the washroom.

I stay in place, and when I don't move, she shoves me to the front door.

"Get your stuff, come back and change, and I'll be here." she orders. For a drunk person, she's fairly direct.

Like that, she flops back on her bed and gives me a look that says, go .

go So I do.

It doesn't take me long to do as she says and get my stuff. After changing, I make my way to the couch, but she pulls my arm back to her bedroom.

"What are you doing?" I sigh.

"Sleep beside me."

"Why?"

"Because I miss you." she utters directly, and I feel my face heating up.

Thank God she's drunk.

We slide beneath the blankets, and shuffle until we're both comfortable. Her head finds its way into the crook of my arm, and I give her a last kiss on the head before we drift off to sleep.





Bonus Chapter 2


This song is so catchy! Okay...keep reading, I know y'all wanted this so HERE.

This song is so catchy! Okay...keep reading, I know y'all wanted this so HERE. This song is so catchy! Okay...keep reading, I know y'all wanted this so HERE. The only thing that wakes me up is the constant drum-like pounding that greets my head. I feel the walls of my skull shattering and I instantly regret taking full advantage of that open bar.

I feel a hand on my waist, a body pressed behind me, and my eyes shoot open.

Shizballs .

Shizballs I don't look back, for the fear that this may not be a nightmare. This could be real. The someone shuffles and presses a kiss on my already painful temple.

Please don't tell me I did anything that stupid last night.

Please don't tell me it's Luca.

Please don't be Luca, please don't be Luca, please don't be Luca...

Please don't be Luca, please don't be Luca, please don't be Luca... My temples continue to throb, increasing as my anxiety heightens. Please don't be a random groomsmen from last night, please . I know I'm a big flirt when I'm drunk, but I couldn't have done this.

Please don't be a random groomsmen from last night, please Slowly, I turn my head around, and my gaze falls on his smiling face.

"Morning Sweetheart."

I let out a high pitched shriek before kicking him off the tiny bed due to reflex.

I really need Advil.

James? Why is it him of all people? I mean, I'm subconsciously grateful that I ended up being brought home by someone I trust, but what happened last night?

Remembering his fall, I look down from the matress.

"Why do you have to be so violent?" he groans, "I liked you better when you were drunk."

My eyes widen at that statement. What did I do last night?

I grab him by the collar of his grey shirt so that we're face to face. "What do you mean? What happened?"

He pries my fingers of his shirt before throwing a smirk in my direction. "Let's just say...you're a really forward person. Things get fun when you're under the influence of alcohol."

fun No. No .

No I feel my face heat up, and before I can ask any more questions, he walks out the bedroom door.

I rush out the door, following him. Running up to him, I block his way to to the bathroom.

"What do you mean by that?" I demand.

"What do I mean by what?" he replies annoyingly, cocking his eyebrow as if he actually doesn't know.

"What you just said."

"Do you want me to tell you?" He slowly moves forward. With each step he takes, I take a step back, until my body is pressed against the wall.

He leans down, his lips brushing against my ear, "Or show you?"

His voice sends a shiver down my spine and before he can even attempt to use any cute tricks on me, I duck under his arm, take it, and twist it behind his back.

"Ow, ow, ow, ow..."

I push him over to the couch, where I hold him pressed against the seat.

"Start talking Bryer," I command.

"Fine!"

And I let go of his arm.

"You made out with me and if I didn't pull the brakes early enough, I'm pretty sure we would both end up naked," he shrugs, like it isn't a big deal.



My eyes widen. "You're kidding."

"Sweetheart, I think I would remember if a girl was about to strip in front of me."

I grab a pillow from the couch and immediately start hitting him with it.

" You probably made out with me ," I comment bittery, "not the other way around."

You me He laughs, "Sorry, but you're the drunken flirt."

I feel my cheeks heating up so I turn around and make a run for the washroom. I slam the door shut, feeling my heart racing. This is not good. Very, not good. For goodness sake! I literally saw him in person yesterday after seven years, how can this be happening?

"I have moved on," I whisper to myself. "Yes, I am a happy, single, independent woman."

I brush my teeth and proceed to wash my face with cold water.

He knocks on the door, "You almost done? I really need to use the washroom."

I finish wiping my face on a cloth, and I get out. He's right at the door, smiling at me.

"Stop looking at me, it's too early for my blood pressure to rise," I comment, pushing past him.

He only laughs at that before going into the bathroom.

I walk over to the tiny kitchen and grab the bottle of Advil from the top shelf. From the amount of Ibuprofen I've taken in my life, the company should just sponsor me at this point. I swallow the pill with a glass of water, then open the blinds of the apartment so that the natural light shines through.

I look down at myself and realize that my pyjamas aren't doing me any favours with the level of skin exposure while the AC is at the max, so I go back into the bedroom to change. I pick out a pair of sweats and a new t-shirt. Then, I run my fingers through my hair and tie it up in a bun.

After checking my phone a couple hundred times for any signs of public humiliation on Instagram (yes, I finally downloaded it), I realize that I should probably eat something since I took that Advil.

As if coincidence doesn't wanna stop playing with me, the exact moment I exit my bedroom, James also exits the washroom.

Without clothes.

Just a towel, thank God for towels.

I scream because that's just my reaction to most things nowadays. "Can you put some clothes on!" I glance over to the side, avoiding looking at him but it just doesn't work out well.

"That's what I'm trying to do right now," he replies, motioning to the open luggage on the floor.

"Good."

"Besides, it's not like you've never see me shirtless. I mean, most people have."

I roll my eyes. Yeah, all of your 800K followers have. Multiple times.

Yeah, all of your 800K followers have. Multiple times. "Isn't that reassuring?" I retort sarcastically. "You know what would be more reassuring? If you actually had pants on instead of a towel that looks like it's about to fall off!"

"Oh, so I see we're looking at places?" He winks. "Hm...you know what, I do feel it slipping-"

"And I'm out," I conclude the conversation and slam my bedroom door shut.

James just got here. I do not know why this is happening or why is doing this to me. Is he trying to be a nuisance? I'm striving for my career, I have a crappy apartment, my friends are getting married, why is he trying to complicate things?

His presence screams complicated.

After a good twenty minutes, I feel my stomach growling but I refuse to go out. But I'm so hungry...



He knocks on my door. "Lara, you can come out now. I'm fully dressed."

"Sure you are," I scoff.

"I'm sorry. Seriously. Just come out please."

I don't respond.

"I know you're hungry."

Damn it. I am.

"No I'm not," I reply.

"That's a lie," he chuckles.

"I'm not hungry."

"You're always hungry."

I groan. I'm starving. I shove my dignity under the bed and exit my bedroom. The smell of fresh breakfast greets me and I try not to drool too much.

He hands me a plate. "You need to do grocery shopping. The only things I was able to make were pancakes and scrambled eggs."

Better than what I usually do, I think to myself.

"Thanks."

We sit at the tiny table, neither one of us eating. We don't talk. We just awkwardly look out the window. This whole thing is awkward.

"So, when are you heading back?" I ask.

He frowns, almost as though I've offended him. "I just got here and you're already thinking about me going away again? Do you even want me here?"

My eyes widen. I've never seen him react this way before. "I didn't say that. It's just, I assumed you wouldn't stay too long."

"I came back for the wedding, but I want to reconnect with you. I needed to see you face to face."

My heart flutters at the thought, but reality sinks in almost a second after. He built his life in another country and didn't even think of visiting even once. How could I be in a relationship with him?

"That's sweet," I smile sadly. "But we're better off as friends."

He frowns, "You know that's untrue."

I stand up and walk away, thinking that distancing myself will allow my heart to hurt less.

"What do you want, James? I have my life here and you just haven't been a big part of it since you left. It's hard to not have someone to hug when you get accepted into the school of your dreams, or have someone to kiss on New Years Eve, or have someone to go on dates with." I try not to tear up but I feel my voice breaking.

He stands up and walks over to me. "I'm your person. I've been your someone and I still am."

I want this to be a lie. I want to tell him that I've moved on, that I don't feel anything towards him anymore. Yet, I can't.

"It's hard to not be in love but it's even harder to wait for the person you're in love with."

He kisses me.

The smell of mint and his cologne flood my senses as we fall onto the couch. I want to pull away but my body doesn't let me. So I let it be. I let myself fall into his kiss, soft, sweet, and passionate. I let myself be held in his arms and swipe away at the reality of us falling apart in a few minutes.

We finally part, gasping for air. I start to tear up because I know it'll hurt a hundred times more when he leaves again.

He wipes the tears away, "I know you hate surprises but I have one more for you."

"What?"

He smiles. "I came for the wedding, but I'm staying for you."

My jaw drops. "YOU COULDN'T HAVE TOLD ME SOONER?" I yell, so loud that he winces.

He smirks, "And miss out on a whole make-out session? Never."

I get up, slapping his arm. "Just for that, your next kiss is going to be in the New Year!"

"You can't dictate that!"

"Watch me!" I proceed to walk away and eat my breakfast. Finally, I get to eat at last.

He takes a seat in front of me. "Ah, she's overjoyed."

I roll my eyes.

I fight a smile, but this may be one of the happiest days of my life.








