Title: How To Lose Weight And Survive The Apocalypse

Chapter 1

The end of the world began on a Tuesday. "I'm not even surprised," I said to my team as we watched newsreader weep on the office TV. "Whenever something truly crappy happens in my life, it almost always goes down on a Tuesday."

Bailey, my assistant, shrugged. "If the world has to end, way better to happen on a Tuesday than a weekend. Like what if it was Friday and Nev's weekly Tinder profile update got interrupted? Now that's a real tragedy."

that's "Shut up, Bailey," said Neveah, throwing a box of tissues across the room, then smoothing her chemically straightened hair back into place.

"You shut up, you walking cliché." Bailey threw the tissues back at her.

Nev ducked, wobbling on her high heels. "Ugh, you're such a knob, Bailey."

"Gender neutral insults, please," growled Simon from his place on the couch.

"Knob is gender neutral."

is "Knob refers to male genitalia. Not a gender-neutral insult, and therefore not an appropriate slur for Bailey." Simon was always a defender of political correctness, which was usually handy when people stuffed up around Bailey. Not so much when we had bigger problems, like the disintegration of civilisation as we knew it.

"OMG," said Nev. "The bloody world is ending and you still want to friggen correct and insult me? You guys are impossible!"

Simon retorted, "'Guys' isn't gender neutral either."

"Well, how else do I yell at both of you? Karla banned me from saying 'yewse!'"

Bailey winced. "Your voice could make a banshee buy earplugs."



Using a falsetto squeal that brought tears to the eyes, Nev ripped back into both of them. I turned to our client and mentally composed an apology. They're normally very cohesive, friendly friction inspires creativity... Then I realised that it didn't matter; the contract that would have changed everything for our business meant nothing any more. Instead I smiled weakly at Reuben and said, "So, any plans for the last day of the universe as we know it?"

They're normally very cohesive, friendly friction inspires creativity... The day had started so well... I'd woken up at six, filled with anticipatory energy. Today I pitch to the largest energy company in Australia. The client I'd been pursuing for months by sucking up to secretaries, schmoozing big wigs at boring corporate dos, sending carefully composed email after email. I knew they needed us, and all I needed to convince them was fifteen minutes in a room with a flawless PowerPoint presentation.

Today I pitch to the largest energy company in Australia. Someone from their executive team was due to arrive at the Creative Minds office at ten, and I more than ready. I leapt out of bed, for once not annoyed by the fact that my room was so tiny, I only had six inches between my mattress and the wall. Although, as always when I had to squeeze myself into a small space, I lamented that if I wasn't such a fat ass, my life would be so much easier.

Edging my way around to my cupboard, I pulled out my well-planned outfit: a black pair of black, pin-tucked pants (with a stretchy waistband), and a floaty H&M shirt that hung almost to my knees in a fierce leopard print. Oh, and a pair of industrial strength suck-me-in underwear.

Armed to face the world, I moved into my lounge room. By which I mean, I moved to the end of my bed, where a two-seater Ikea couch faced a small TV. I reached for my favourite boots (knee-high, black leather, extra-wide to fit around my chunky calves) and flipped on a random morning show.

"...overnight, with talks once again breaking down between the two nations. With threats of retaliation escalating, the UN has implored leaders to put the fate of the world before their differences..."

"...overnight, with talks once again breaking down between the two nations. With threats of retaliation escalating, the UN has implored leaders to put the fate of the world before their differences..." Blah, blah, white noise, blah. We'd been hearing this nonsense for months, with the media hyping every bitchy tweet out of the Oval Office, and the indignant responses from the sovereign nation who controlled the majority of the world's fuel supplies. There'd been a news frenzy a few weeks ago when the US said they'd invented a type of nano-bot that could spread across the globe and render all fossil fuels useless, but then the other side had retaliated by saying they'd also created a nano-bot that could destroy all electrical circuits, so the US better think twice, too big for their cowboy boots, etc.

It had been a combination of terrifying and thrilling as Instagram was suddenly taken over with ads for solar-powered flashlights and DIY doomsday kits, while the Twittersphere blew up with people debating which career would be most useful on a post-apocalyptic planet.

But that level of stimulation was too hard to maintain, and I had a very clear insight into how people must have felt in the 50s during constant nuclear threat, awaiting a guillotine that might never drop and needing to still pay bills and buy tampons and think about Christmas presents. Life more or less continued with excessively high fuel prices and a hint of existential dread looming in the background - which as a millennial, was pretty much how I lived my days normally anyway.

Although, I considered as I sucked in my stomach and inspected myself in the mirror on the back of my bedroom door, this day was anything but normal. Today is the day everything changes for me.

Today is the day everything changes for me. I pushed the door open, shaking my hair and attempting to greet the day with complete confidence. I've got this, I said silently, stepping forward from my bedroom and into the Creative Minds office.

I've got this, When I'd left my previous job to start my own company, I'd had to make a monetary choice: crappy office and live with roommates somewhere reasonably nice, or pretty awesome office and live in the storage cupboard out the back. I'd chosen the latter. The office building in Mascot was right near Sydney International Airport, and although it was built into the back of a 7-Eleven fuel station, it was red brick, high-ceilinged, and very funky. I sold my beautiful four-poster bed on Facebook Marketplace and ordered a slender single mattress, moved in the office, and never looked back.



That was two years ago, and I didn't regret my choice. Yep, I couldn't invite people over at night just in case the landlord came past and started wondering why the lights were on, and yes, my elbows were constantly skinned from bashing them against the raw brick in my miniscule room, and you better believe that every month I fretted that I wouldn't make rent. But against all odds, my company had bloomed and grown, from just me to three full-time staff and enough contractors to keep the place looking busy and important when clients dropped by.

And since a very important client was dropping by today, I had all hands on deck. Clacking on my boot heels into the staff kitchenette, (that makes it sound super-fancy; it was a sink, a microwave, an electric kettle and a bar fridge, with a couple of mismatched chairs around a vintage lino table) I turned on the coffee machine and retrieved the good coffee pods from where I'd hidden them from Simon last week after Nev dobbed him in for drinking seven cups a day.

I spent two hours practicing my presentation until I was convinced it was flawless, then hurried into the coffin-sized bathroom and made myself presentable. That meant just enough makeup that Nev wouldn't ask if I was sick, and not so much makeup that Bailey would ask if I was trying to impress someone. #moderngirlproblems

My stomach suddenly burbled, a sound that might have been mistaken for a word it was so loud. "Crap." Not enough time to duck out and find healthy breakfast, but I couldn't not eat. I'd planned to put out a few baked goods for our potential client anyway; surely I deserved one?

I fished about in the cupboard, battling with myself. On the one hand, I knew that if I ate a bagel or a Danish, that was it – the day would be a right-off because I'd eat junk for the rest of the day, justifying that I'd start again tomorrow. If I didn't eat, I'd be off my game, irritable and distracted. I couldn't afford that.

With one hand, I balanced the tray of baked goodies as I walked them through to the conference room at the front of the office. With my other hand, I quickly stuffed a frosted rhubarb donut into my face, once again wishing for the money to pay a personal chef to make me healthy meals, and a personal trainer to whip my butt into shape.

Being overweight wasn't the most important part about me; it was more like being born with a weird birthmark on my butt or having an extra nipple. It was something I was conscious of and would change if I could, but I could also hide it most of the time. Long shirts, loose dresses, and never let anyone see you naked, and maybe, just maybe, the world could overlook the extra kilos around your belly.

Sighing, I locked myself in my office with payroll paperwork and a chocolate croissant. It's not like anyone was regularly requesting to see me naked anyway...

Two hours later, the office was filled with creative-types, all looking busy, and I was calm and ready. Nev stuck her head around my door. "He's here! I put him in the conference room."

My stomach attempted to turn itself inside out. I stood and strode forward to meet my destiny. "Thank you, Nev."

"And he's pretty hot," she continued, her face confused. "Like, for an old dude. Like, he must be at least thirty? So old... Oh, wait – you're thirty-something, aren't you?"

So I bristled as I walked through the office. "I'm twenty-nine, Nev, which is not exactly ancient."

As if I was an octogenarian, Nev said, "Yeah... I guess..."

"Okay, team, showtime," I called out to Simon and Bailey. They flanked me, and as a unit we entered the conference room.

"Hello," I said brightly, crossing the room and offering my hand to the admittedly-attractive man seated at the table. "I'm Karla Cook, Creative Director."

"Rueben Burke," he responded, offering a warm hand. "Executive of Future Directions, Australian Energy."

Be professional, I warned my nipples as they thought about hardening. Just because you're within proximity of a moderately attractive man does not mean it's time to throw a party and distract me.

Be professional, Just because you're within proximity of a moderately attractive man does not mean it's time to throw a party and distract me. Besides, he wasn't that attractive. Did he have my three favourite features: a short beard, kind eyes and no wedding ring? Sure, but he wasn't going to be chosen as the next Bachelor any time soon. Calm yourself.

Calm yourself. "Nice to meet you, Rueben. This is my team." Do me proud, you guys.

Do me proud, you guys. Nev spoke first. "I'm Neveah Sanderson, Social Media Expert. If you want it trending, I can make it happen." She pursed her puffy lips in his direction. "Last year, I literally made worm farms the most searched hashtag on Insta. You're welcome, environment."

Simon grunted, folding his arms over his beer belly. "I'm Simon McCall. I produce content. Videos, animations, interactives. I don't do boring, and I won't do anything I don't believe in."

"Unless it pays well," said Bailey with a giant eyeroll. "My name is Bailey, I'm non-binary and my pronouns are they and them. I make everything happen. They have the ideas, but I'm the one at the 24-hour Kmart at three in the morning the night before a shoot because no one remembered the script called for a sequin unicorn pencil case."

To his credit, Rueben just smiled pleasantly at the three of them, then looked at me. "And what does a creative director do?"

"Well, my superpower is problem solving." The team sat, and I walked over to my clicker and lit the screen up, the first slide reading 'Australian Energy; Engaging the Future.' "I'm a project manager, trouble shooter, diplomat and all-around boss. I'm also a master Googler."

"Is that an official title?" he asked, a touch of a grin pulling at his features.

"It's a nationally recognised qualification," I responded without missing a beat. "Now, I'd like to start by walking you through some of Creative Minds biggest success stories to date-"

"Boss!" Rex, our brilliant Filipino animator burst into the office. "Susmaryosep, you need to see this!"

Anger flared in my chest. I balanced a silent scream of frustration with a serene smile. "Rex, we're in the middle of an important meeting. I'll catch up with you after this."

I turned back to Rueben, but Rex thumped the table. "No, you don't understand! You need to see this!"

need Without waiting for my permission, he snatched up the remote for the widescreen TV and changed the source. My carefully curated presentation disappeared, and a news broadcast appeared.

And as we saw the words scrawling across the bottom of the screen and heard the announcer's terror, the world changed forever.

First chapters = HARD! Please swing me a vote before you read on :)

First chapters = HARD! Please swing me a vote before you read on :) First chapters = HARD! Please swing me a vote before you read on :)





Chapter 2


The newsreader was barely holding it together, which in itself was terrifying, because the dude had been reporting the national headlines since the seventies and had always been stoic in the face of tragedy. In a shaking voice, he said, "The US president confirmed that the nanobot swarm was released approximately three hours ago, at five pm local time in Washington DC."

The bloated face of the president filled the screen, defiant and toad-like. "The United States of America will not stand by while the enemy lords it over us. They were warned, we have the best technology and we're not afraid to use it. This is on them, not on us." He grinned, face splitting wide like a horror mask. "The nanobots are programmed to attack only their fuel supplies – this weapon holds no danger for the rest of the world."

The newsreader continued. "But retaliation came quickly, with nanobots released on US soil shortly afterwards. Designed to attack and destroy electrical circuits, the nanobots have caused chaos and panic on the east coast of America, plunging Washington DC, Boston and New York into darkness, with all power grids failing and all devices using electricity rendered useless."

Shaky phone footage, shot after shot of people rioting, looting, running, screaming. Times Square, all the vibrant signs flicking off one by one, the White House floodlights snapping off. The newsreader's voice narrated over the scenes that looked like they were cut from the Purge movie series for being too violent. "The nanobots are spreading rapidly across the US, and although hopes were high that the tiny robots would be contained to only the North and South American continents, we've just received word that power grids are failing on the west coast of Africa and parts of the UK, which indicates the swarms are multiplying rapidly enough to cross large bodies of water.

"Meanwhile, the fuel nanobot swarm has spread from their original release location to Russia and throughout Asia." People sat in cars, uselessly honking horns, freeways gridlocked with endless streams of unmoving vehicles. "Planes worldwide have been grounded or diverted to the nearest major airport, with experts confident that the nanobots cannot climb above 2000 meters. Flights will reach their destination, with just enough time to land safely before the swarms compromise their fuel and electrical systems; the only good news on a day of international tragedy."

As we'd been watching, every mouth gaping open, the rest of the office had filtered silently into the room. Simon moved to the couch, elbows collapsing forward heavily onto his knees. Jaw tense, Bailey's hands gripped the back of a chair, while Nev held a box of tissues like a small dog, patting the soft tissue as if it were fur. Our client had barely moved, Rueben's gentle eyes creased in fear.

It was about this point that the scuffle broke out over gender-neutral insults, but before things could escalate (and before Rueben could answer my question), the newsreader cut in, urgent tones silencing the room. "I've been told our Prime Minister has a message for all Australian citizens. Please stand by as we cross to Canberra for the emergency broadcast."

The PM appeared on screen. He was a greasy, perpetually nervous man who'd been voted into the highest position in the land by baby boomers who loved his hard-line stance against 'evils' like equality, immigration and a woman's right to choose. He pulled at his collar, as if he'd suddenly realised this wasn't the job he thought it was going to be. "Ah, good morning, Australia. Well, not good morning. A very bad morning in fact..."

With shaking hands, he lifted a piece of paper and began to read. "After speaking with the White House before we lost contact with the US, and consulting with scientists here and London, it appears we have approximately one hour before the electric nanobots swarm over the Australian continent, and slightly longer before the fuel supply nanobots land here too – perhaps a few hours."



The crowd in Canberra gasped, and so did most of the people in the room with me. My stomach gurgled in fear. And maybe in hunger. Dammit. How can I be hungry at a time like this? Some people lost their appetite (and lost weight) in a time of crisis, but I'd never been one of them. Drama made me stress eat.

Dammit. How can I be hungry at a time like this? Absently, I reached for a white chocolate and raspberry scone, devouring it while the Prime Minister continued. "I must be clear: while the nanobots can't be seen or felt and pose no immediate threat to humans, they will destroy every piece of technology we are accustomed to living our lives with. The lights in your home, the medical equipment in our hospitals, all vehicles including cars, trains, ships and planes, traffic signals, refrigerators and freezers, mobile phones-"

"Oh, god, no!" squeaked Nev, clutching her Samsung to her heart.

"-heating and cooling systems, digital and analogue transmitters, and of course, all computers and servers." He stopped and sighed deeply, leaving a pause for the nation to contemplate an existence about to be thrown back to the 1700s.

My gaze shifted to Rueben who sat beside me, white with fear. Beneath the desk, I could see his hands quivering in panic, fingers taut and outstretched as if he was reaching for something. Moved, I closed my hand over his, and was grateful to feel his fingers relax and squeeze mine gently.

The PM shook his head miserably. "We don't know what the future will look like tomorrow, or how long it will take humanity to rally and recover what we are about to lose. This may well be the last time I am able to speak with you..." He appeared to break from his speech here, and commented wryly, "...which some of you will be glad to hear, I'm sure. But I believe in the Australian people and their spirit of endurance. I ask that all true Aussies face this unprecedented moment in history with mateship, ingenuity and the grit of our ancestors, both Indigenous and the ones who arrived on these shores. Look after yourselves."

He finished with a dab, then grinned at the camera. "That was for my grandsons in Japan. Boys, if I never see you again, Pop loves you. Look after mummy, okay?" He broke down then, and his wife rushed forward to hold him.

Back in the studio, the newscaster wiped his eyes, lost for words. In my office, every head swung in my direction, and I quickly disentangled my fingers from Rueben's as Nev asked what my team always asked me. "Boss... What do we do?"

The moment slowed for me, time seeming to still as though I was a speedster in a superhero movie. I don't want this. I wanted to crawl back into my tiny bed and pretend none of this was happening.

I don't want this. But the dozen or so people in the room looked completely bereft of direction, and as I did during any crisis, I gave some options. "Right. The phones are still working for now, so I suggest you call your loved ones – particularly anyone who lives overseas or on the other side of the country. If planes and ships are out of action, you don't know how long it might be before you will see or hear from them again."

Max let out a whimper, and my heart bled for him; his whole family lived in the Philippines, including his wife and his three small kids.

"I'm going to make a call myself," I said, trying to keep my voice steady, "then I'll put together an action plan." Empty words, but that was what I always said. I was a professional problem solver. I could do this.

I turned away before my terrified tears started falling and called my mum.

"Karla? Oh honey, are you okay?"

"Mum," I whispered, hoping she couldn't hear my fear. "I'm okay."

"Have you been watching? Did you see the PM?"



"I did. I... I don't know what to do, Mum." My brain flittered away, running a thousand scenarios. "It makes sense to be near the city – surely NSW government will have some kind of emergency plan to feed people. But if the cops can't keep a handle on crime and people are scared, it could get crazy here."

"Come down here with us." Her tone was calm and final.

"Mum, you're in Tasmania," I retorted. I'd never entirely forgiven her and Dad for selling up, leaving Sydney, jointly investing in an organic farm with my stupid brother in Tassie, and moving into the sustainable house they'd built on the property. "Tasmania's not even part of mainland Australia."

"Kitty, I don't want to have an argument about Tasmania 'not really being Australia' again."

"This isn't a political or cultural thing, Mum, I mean that Tassie is literally an island! " I realised I was yelling, and Rueben looked over at me from where he stood on the other side of the room, speaking desperately into his phone. I moved away to the window and tried to calm myself. "Mum, you're so far away. I wish you were here."

literally an island! Ever practical, I could almost hear my mum's shrug down the line. "So, come here."

"Mum..."

"I mean it. You're a resourceful young woman, Karla. Get yourself down here."

"Even if that wasn't completely unfeasible – which it is – I can't just leave. There's a whole team of people here who need me."

"Bring them. We have the room." My mum rode over the top of my next rebuttal, saying, "You heard the news – we don't know how long we'll be without power and transport. That means the cities are going to get ugly, fast. The farm is self-sustaining, off the grid. We have a well, we're on septic, and we grow enough food to feed ourselves and trade with the neighbouring farms for anything we don't have. The huts we rent out as Airbnb's are sitting there empty at the moment, so there's housing for anyone willing to help out with the farm. Plus, we have weapons."

Speechless, I let the idea wash over me. I'd hated my stupid brother and his stupid sustainable lifestyle ideals that had stolen my mother away from me, but right now, I was starting to see the appeal.

An image of the farm grew before me. Begrudgingly, even I had to admit that it was beautiful; wood and stone buildings set against rolling green fields, the ocean in the distance. Tassie would definitely be safer than the major cities, a green oasis with enough water and food to go around for the small population. If I had to ride out the end of the world somewhere, it was a smart choice.

Mum cleared her throat. "Also, I thought you might like to know that Dean is here."

"Dean? My De- I mean, Dean Mealey?"

With a lilt in her tone, Mum said, "He broke up with that girlfriend of his, and came down from Melbourne last week to spend time with your brother."

My free hand fluttered to my necklace, pulling at the charm on the end of its chain. "He's single?"

"He's just walked in – hang on, one sec... Dean, Karla's going to come down from Sydney and join us here," she announced casually, as if I was swanning by on a cruise and stopping in along the way. "Do you want to speak to her?"

"Mum, wait, no-"

"Karla, is that you?" Dean's voice filled my ear, warm and knowing. "Hey!"

"Hi."

"Listen, if you're coming down from Sydney, be safe, okay?"

"Yeah."

"When you get to Melbourne, if you need a place to stay, go to my house. The key is still in the same spot. Let yourself in, take whatever you need." He laughed hoarsely. "I don't think I'll be back there for a while."

"Right." Goddammit. How, after so many years, could my brother's best friend still reduce me to single syllables?

Goddammit. "Karla... When you get here... I want you to know..."

My breath hitched, and I hiccoughed ungracefully. "What?"

"I made a mistake. The last time we saw each other."

Screw this day, honestly. My pitch was ruined, the world was collapsing, and the words I'd waited years to hear were finally coming from a man who was more than a thousand k's away. "Dean..."

Screw this day, honestly. "We can talk more when you get here. Come find me, baby girl."

Hot lust, inappropriate and familiar shot through me. "I will," I whispered, managing two syllables.

"Karla?" Mum was back. "You should go. Work out what you need to do to get down here, and do it."

"I love you, Mum." Tears fell, but I wouldn't let her know I was crying. If I knew my mum, she was doing exactly the same thing.

"I love you, Kitty. Your father says he loves you too-" I could hear him bellowing his love in the background, and it made me smile because I knew how much he hated talking on the phone. Even the apocalypse wouldn't change that. "We'll see you soon."

The belief in her voice was the only reason I felt strong enough to hang up. I turned to face the room, where a gaggle of faces waited in expectation.

Right. Time to organise a migration by foot across half a continent. No pressure . I smiled tightly and announced, "I'm going to Tasmania. Who's in?"

Right. Time to organise a migration by foot across half a continent. No pressure Map of Tasmania in the images if you're feeling a little lost ;) Please vote before you keep reading! Every vote helps other readers find what I do xx

Map of Tasmania in the images if you're feeling a little lost ;) Please vote before you keep reading! Every vote helps other readers find what I do xx Map of Tasmania in the images if you're feeling a little lost ;) Please vote before you keep reading! Every vote helps other readers find what I do xx





Chapter 3


There were a few beats of silence, then pandemonium. "Tasmania?" Nev cried in horror. "Like, the island where all they do is grow apples?"

"That's the one," Bailey said, throwing a jovial arm over Nev's bare shoulders. "The one where two-headed people mix freely with their non-mutant brethren, and it's totally fine to marry your siblings."

"That's incorrect and disparaging to the people of Tasmania." Simon was still on the couch, his furry eyebrows low as he waved the water bottle he'd been sipping from. "It's illegal to wed siblings or parents anywhere in Australia. Although first cousins are fine. Uncles and aunts too."

The rest of the room was in a general state of unease, several people leaving the room, others making calls, most just shouting for everyone to calm the eff down.

Rueben's voice cut across the clamour. "Karla, why Tasmania?"

I smiled in gratitude. Quickly, I explained about the farm, bringing my brother's Airbnb website up on the large screen. "It will be safe, there will be food and water, and there's room for anyone who wants to come."

Another round of disgruntled noises arose, and I lost my cool for a second, yelling, "Listen, no one has to come. In fact, if you have family within walking distance, I suggest you go be with them. But I have nothing in Sydney and this is where I'm going. If you want to join me, great."

has "But it's an island," said Nev again, anxiously braiding her waist-length glossy hair with nervous fingers. "The boats don't work. Do we have to swim there? My extensions aren't supposed to go in salt water."

"No, Nev, we're not going to swim." Actually, I hadn't thought that far ahead about how we would cross the Tasman; the one and only time I'd been down to Tassie for a farm visit, I took the ferry. Racking my brain, I threw out the only option that came to mind. "We'll take a yacht or something."

"Do you know how to sail a yacht?" Bailey asked, a slender eyebrow arched in derision. I shook my head, and then questioned the room, "Does anyone know how to sail?"

Uncomfortable quiet stole across the room, but before I could retort that we'd cross that sea when we came to it, Rueben spoke quietly. "I can."

"You can?"

"I've be sailing since I was nine. I even know a man with a yacht at Port Melbourne. I can take you."

I studied this attractive-ish man I'd known for all of an hour. It had never occurred to me that he'd want to come along; if I'd considered why he was even still in my offices, I would have vaguely thought he was just waiting for an Uber Lux to ferry him off to the penthouse suite of an upper-class health retreat somewhere in the executive part of the Hunter Valley. "Why?" I asked, wonder and suspicion fighting for first place in my tone.

"I have someone I need to keep safe," he said simply. "I'm not great in a crisis, and we don't have any other family or a reason to stay in Sydney. This farm idea sounds like a case of right place, right time."

I didn't like the sound of the 'someone' but I also didn't have time to argue. "So, that's sorted, then. We sail." I squared my shoulders and checked my smart (soon to be a very dumb) watch. "Okay, we've got about 45 minutes until we lose power, and fuel is going soon after. Our lives depend on the planning we do right now. If you're with us, sit down and let's work. If you're not, go with my love and stay safe."

I wasn't actually sure what I wanted; the safety of large numbers or the flexibility and speed of a two or three person team. It ended up being somewhere in between: Nev, Simon, Bailey and Rueben all sitting down at the table, and counting Rueben's 'someone' and myself, we had a total of six.



Goodbyes were said quickly from those who weren't staying, hasty hugs leaving no time for tears or extended sentiment. I held Max for slightly longer than my other contractors. "I'm so sorry, Max. Where will you go?"

With red rimmed eyes and his perfect accented English, he pointed up. "North. Find a way to Darwin, a boat to Indonesia, I should be able to make it home eventually."

Aghast, I said, "Darwin? By foot? It could take months, maybe years. Plus you could literally die in the desert."

"The time will pass anyway. And if I die, I die trying to reach my family." He nodded solemnly at each of us, then left the office. I was gripped by the throat with the realisation that I would probably never see him again, this gentle man who I'd worked with off and on for the past two years.

No. No time to fall apart. I checked my watch again, relieved to see it still working. Forty minutes to black out. "Okay, so now you've decided to join me-"

"Actually, I haven't decided yet," said Simon, taking a very large swig from his bottle that I was suspected wasn't filled with water. "Who is at this farm place? If I'm going to spend the rest of my probably prematurely shortened life around these people, I deserve to know who they are."

I Arguing would take precious minutes, and I knew Simon wouldn't let this go. Rapidly I listed everyone off. "My parents, my stupid brother, his wife, their four kids, all under seven, don't get me started, my brother's best friend Dean, probably a few randoms my mum will have invited to stay-"

"Wait," interrupted Bailey, "Dean? Dean- Dean? The Dean who-"

Dean- "Bailey," I warned. Bailey was the only person in my team who'd been around just after all the Dean stuff went down, but as grateful I was to Bailey for putting my pieces back together in the aftermath, I didn't need judgement right now. "I can vouch for these people, but if that's not good enough for you, you don't have to join us."

Bailey snorted. "Yeah, Simo, there's a bottle shop on the corner where you can stay and drown yourself in Pinot Noir and Glen Fiddich..."

"I'll join you," said Simon magnanimously. "You'll need a creative thinker."

We might, but we also didn't need a full-blown alcoholic drying out on the road. Deal with it later. Focus on what's under your control. I'd watched a TED talk by a Special Ops bomb defuser guy, and his method of staying calm had always resonated with me. Swallowing my internal grimace, I said, "Great, thanks Simon. Thirty-eight minutes, team. We've got stuff to do."

Deal with it later. Focus on what's under your control. I delegated quickly. "Bailey, bring up the Google Maps route for between here and Port Melbourne by bicycle."

"Bike?" said Nev.

"Yes, Nev, unless you want to walk the whole way. You can help Bailey – make a note of each town and rest stop along the way. Both of you work out how long it will take us to get there if we ride for five hours, seven hours or ten hours a day. Print the maps off in the greatest detail you can."

I turned to the others. "Simon, you're with me – we're going to find bikes and gather supplies. Rueben, can you please call your friend with the yacht and make sure it's still where you expect it to be? Then Google what you need to know about sailing between Melbourne and Hobart and email it through to our office address so Nev can print it off."

He nodded, but his pause was loaded. "I will, but I need to tell you... Mischa - she's who I'm bringing with us – she's waiting for me at home, so I need to go and pick her up. Is there somewhere I can meet you? We can bring our own bikes."

Somehow I knew what Mischa would look like; a flawless Russian princess-type. Rueben was a young, reasonably attractive executive. It was practically legislated for him to have a swanky ocean-front apartment, and a blonde gf with white teeth who spent an inordinate amount of time in Pilates classes. "Where is your place?"

"Coogee. On the beach."

Ha. Knew it. "Coogee is fifteen minutes by car, but we don't know what the roads will be like or how long the fuel will work for. If you have to walk, it's about an hour and a half, or at least that's how long it takes me." I said it as though I often strolled to the beach, but the truth was I'd done it once the previous summer to meet a friend for gelato during a public transport strike. "Go get Mischa, and we'll meet you at the Great Outdoors Warehouse, the one on the other side of the airport. We'll wait until 2pm – that gives you more than enough time to get there, grab some stuff and get back. Pack light, move quick."

Ha. Knew it. "Okay." He stood, and I was overcome with a powerful awareness of his body; long, lean limbs beneath his suit, a broad chest. He wasn't tall, only an inch or so on me in my heels, but his bearing was pervasive. I felt safe. Mischa is a lucky girl.

Mischa is a lucky girl. He reached for my hand and squeezed my fingers, just as I'd done for him earlier. "I'll be back. We can do this."

Twisting my hand free, I deflected. "Go get your girl." The statement sounded pointed, petty, so I added, "Does anyone else have somebody they need to collect?"

Simon shook his head sullenly; I knew for a fact he didn't have any family or friends in town – or anywhere else. Bailey snorted, their usual method of communicating vexation. From what I'd heard about their family, death by snail bites wouldn't have been too slow or painful for that lot.

But Nev whimpered. "My Bella. She's so little, and you know she'll never survive on her own, not like a husky or one of those German Shepherd things..."

Everyone except Rueben groaned. "Who's Bella?" he asked.

Nev whipped out her still-working phone. "Bella's a Pomeranian, a pedigree Pomeranian. She's my baby, and she has an Insta following of fifty thousand."

pedigree The idiotic fluffball appeared on her screen and Nev began to cry. "I can't leave her..."

Argh. "Nev, help Bailey with the maps, and you can collect Bella from the dog daycare centre on the way out of town."

Argh. "Oh, yay!" Her tears disappeared, and she grabbed Bailey by the hand. "Come on, B, let's go!"

"We should go too," I said, gesturing to Simon. "Before the EFTPOS machines are shut down and we can't buy anything."

"I'll come," said Rueben. "My car is out the front."

"You two, work until the power goes, then meet us at the Warehouse, okay?" I left Bailey and Nev, hoping like hell they'd work like their lives depended on it – because they just might.

Simon and Rueben followed me out the door and into the Sydney spring sunshine, and immediately we ground to a halt, taking in the chaos of the end of the world.

No offence intended to Coogee - I love the place and I'm blatantly jealous of anyone wealthy enough to live there lol. Pic for reference of this glorious part of the world.

No offence intended to Coogee - I love the place and I'm blatantly jealous of anyone wealthy enough to live there lol. Pic for reference of this glorious part of the world. No offence intended to Coogee - I love the place and I'm blatantly jealous of anyone wealthy enough to live there lol. Pic for reference of this glorious part of the world. I hope you've enjoyed the first three chapters - please vote and comment, even if it's just to say 'MORE!' ;) Much love and updates soon,

I hope you've enjoyed the first three chapters - please vote and comment, even if it's just to say 'MORE!' ;) Much love and updates soon, I hope you've enjoyed the first three chapters - please vote and comment, even if it's just to say 'MORE!' ;) Much love and updates soon, Kate xx

Kate xx Kate xx





Chapter 4


In some ways, it wasn't as bad as I thought I was going to be. There'd been a public transport strike in Sydney a few years back; during peak hour, the roads were clogged and everyone was honking and aggravated. The streets around us looked a bit like that now - cars bumper to bumper, people yelling at each other and revving their engines pointlessly. There were people wandering the footpaths, some crying, some running, most talking feverishly into their phones, the invisible countdown hanging over everyone.

But the sky was terrifying. With our office so close to Sydney Airport, we were used to hearing planes coming in to land, but nothing like this. The air was filled with a constant roar as if a giant bonfire was burning, and planes of all sizes hung around us. I'd read somewhere that a plane landed every 90 seconds at major airports, but I watched at least three planes in a minute hurtle towards the runways, desperate to get wheels on the tarmac. Others circled in tight loops, waiting their turn anxiously, reluctant to come too close to the land and hovering over the ocean, just in case.

At least ten helicopters buzzed to the ground. Some lurked over the city, a few fleeing south and north, other medical choppers skimming low, searching for emergencies. One passed directly overhead, causing the three of us to duck as immense loud speakers bellowed, "It is safest to stay inside. Food and water will be available at Olympic Park. Looters will be prosecuted. Emergency management protocols have now been enacted."

"It is safest to stay inside. Food and water will be available at Olympic Park. Looters will be prosecuted. Emergency management protocols have now been enacted." Rueben shook himself, as if trying to wake from a dream. "My car is over there. Do you want a lift to the warehouse?"

"No," I murmured, struggling to focus, feeling the weight of this hour in history. "It's the wrong way, and you'll struggle to get to Coogee as it is. We'll walk."

"I will be back," he said, reaching for my shoulder hesitantly. "Please wait for me."

My needy single self cried, Forever, you sort-of-attractive-man I just met! I managed a toned-down response. "Until two."

Forever, you sort-of-attractive-man I just met! He nodded, jaw squared. "See you soon."

Simon and I watched him cross the road and slide into an Audi. He pulled the car into the traffic stream that inched along, and I felt a pang that the last time possibly ever that he'd get a chance to drive such a gorgeous vehicle, he'd be doing five k's an hour.

What else would we miss? Cars, of course. What about lifts? People on the fiftieth floor of an apartment building, having to relocate from the sheer logistics. Electric toothbrushes. Vines. PlayStations. Hair straighteners. I always let my hair dry naturally, but someone like Nev would be in for very nasty shock the next time they showered.

Showers. Omg. Hot water was out – would pump systems still work? I wasn't a plumber, and I had no idea whether water would still run when everything else didn't. What did that mean for washing clothes? For drinking water?

Omg. Overwhelmed, I turned to Simon. "We have to get moving. If I keep standing here, I'm going to freak out."

I walked off in the direction of the camping warehouse, with Simon grumbling behind me. "No one said there would be walking..."

"We're literally cycling to Melbourne, and you're bitching about walking twenty minutes to the shops?" I sassed.

But ten minutes later, I wasn't feeling very sassy. My boots were not made for walking, and they cut into my heels with every step, the balls of my feet in agony. My thighs rubbed together, sweating beneath the non-breathable fabric of my suck-in panties, and my long shirt kept tucking itself between my legs and pulling my neck forward.

Simon had been observing my struggles, in silence and in judgement. "Maybe you can get some clothes from the store that aren't completely impractical," he said, looking smug in his regular uniform of jeans and sneakers.



I didn't bother responding. It was a good idea though. I'd been rapidly compiling a list of stuff to buy on my phone, but I paused to send an urgent text to Nev: Pack some comfy clothes for me from my room!!! I could pick up some footwear and other outdoorsy gear at the warehouse, since I didn't own anything even vaguely suitable to wear for a cross-country bike-ride/sail/god-knows-what-else.

Pack some comfy clothes for me from my room!!! In my head, I caught a vision of my future self: cruising into my brother's farm on a shiny bicycle, my thighs toned, my belly flat, and my hair catching in the wind. My skin glows with health as I run towards Dean, and he says, "God, baby girl, you look incredible..."

A large belch interrupted my reverie. Simon was capping his empty water bottle and tossing it in a curb side garbage can. "Must get a refill..." he muttered, brightening when he saw the large bottle shop sign appearing on the horizon. "That place is next door to the outdoors joint. Perfect."

"Simon..." I hesitated. Simon was touchy about his drinking at the best of times, and this definitely didn't qualify for anything close to best. I tried an empathetic tact. "You know, I'm actually looking forward to finding a new me on the road. I know that I don't prioritise my health the way I should, and now, I'll have to."

"Good for you," he said sunnily.

"And maybe that's something you might think about too?"

"Nope." He turned his age-pitted face to the sky. "I'm already who I want to be. A high-functioning alcoholic."

Now I was irritated. I'd heard this justification before, that he still functioned while drinking – functioned better because of drinking. Maybe I could appeal to his practical side. "Listen, everything we need, we'll have to carry with us. We may not have room for extra bottles that aren't filled with water."

better "Actually, in a world where money and gold holds no value, alcohol will become one of societies best bartering tools. Helps you forget your troubles and holds medicinal value. Easy to transport, easy to trade."

"There's no way that's true."

"Google it," he said daringly, knowing that I couldn't resist.

Sure enough, three results all confirmed Simon's theory; beer economy was totally a thing in a post-apocalyptic world. With a sigh, I slid my phone into my pocket. "How are we going to solve our arguments without the Googles?" I reflected.

"With rocks," said Simon, his voice steely.

The warm spring sun danced on our shoulders as we turned the corner into the homewares shopping complex. The chaos we'd seen so far had been contained to the street and the sky; here, it was rampant and unbridled.

The shopping complex was crowded with people and vehicles, screams and yells the soundtrack, breaking glass and car door slams for accents. The electronics store had been the hardest hit; people ran in and out of the sliding doors, carrying Apple product bags, wide-screen TVs, laptops and game consoles.

"I wonder how many of those products were paid for."

"I wonder if any of those idiots realise all of those devices are about to turn into expensive paperweights," said Simon. "Come on."

The outdoors warehouse sat tucked at the back of the complex as if it was trying to hide – a mental picture helped by the camouflage paint covering the exterior. Unlike the electronics store, the furniture place and the bottle shop, there appeared to be no one inside.

Simon held the door for me, and we wandered in. "Hello?" My voice rebounded off the bare metal ceiling high above our heads. No one at the registers. Dad-rock played from hidden speakers. "Hey, are you guys open?"



Faint grunts caught our attention. "Stay behind me," said Simon, gallant and gruff. We edged our way down the ski gear aisle, following the soft sounds to the inflatable mattress section.

Two staff members were interlocked on an InflatorRaptor 3000, which according to the sign, was the best blow up mattress money could buy. I was more distracted by the doggy-style sex happening on the mattress that the combination of memory foam and 3000 individual air cells inside it.

"Oi!" Simon yelled, and I expected the young people to bolt upright.

Instead, they slowed but didn't stop. The girl, her camo singlet dangerously low around her cleavage, said, "Hey guys. Don't mind us. Carpe diem, you know?"

Her co-worker gripped her hips tighter, grinning like he couldn't believe his luck. To be honest, neither could I. She was several Tinder castes above him. "Grab what you need, and God bless."

A rumble of dissent began in Simon's chest, but the pair had already resumed their thrusting, and we didn't have time to waste. "Come on," I said. "Grab a trolley."

I'd always considered myself a good shopper; I compared prices, weighed quality against quantity, didn't waste time or get distracted. This was different. This was the most important shop of my life, and I fought paralysis as I tugged my own trolley free from the line.

"I've sent you a list, all the stuff Google says you'll need if civilisation fails. I can't believe the crazy people who made those websites turned out to be right." I said, pulling my phone out. "Grab what you can, then we'll finish with the bikes."

It took twenty minutes; like playing beat-the-bomb for real, we raced from aisle to aisle, loading up with backpacks, water purifying tablets, canned and dehydrated food. I wasn't sure if a gas burner would still work but we took one anyway, and so many boxes of matches. Tarps, first aid kits, bug spray. Sleeping bags and tents – my searches indicated that one-person tents were lightest and easiest to carry, so I grabbed five, and a two-person tent for Rueben and his girl. You're welcome, Mischa.

You're welcome, Mischa. "Please, don't let me have forgotten anything..." I hurried back to the air mattresses, finding the section now empty, thank god, and chose lightweight sleeping rolls. Next, towels, soap, toilet paper. By sheer fluke, I passed the women's clothing section on the way to the registers and remembered to grab a pair of soft leather shoes, thick socks, cargo pants, a merino sweater, and thermal underwear. When I noticed weather-proof jackets in bright colours, I guessed at sizes and picked one up for each person. Six hats. Sunscreen.

A glint of metal caught my eye and I turned towards a display rack filled with items I never would have dreamed of purchasing when I'd woken up that morning. Weapons. Every search I'd seen so far had advocated the need for arms when civilisation fell – hell, even my mum had mentioned guns. Shuddering, I analysed the offerings before snatching up two items and hiding them at the bottom of my pile.

"Let's do the bikes now," I head Simon holler. My trolley awkward and full, I manoeuvred in his direction.

"God, I can barely push this stuff in a trolley. How are we going to carry it all on the road?"

"With six of those." Simon pointed at line of green bike trailers, which looked like small, covered pods on wheels. "Here, choose bikes for you and Neveah. I'll pick for Bailey." The male store clerk wandered past, a slightly dazed grin on his face. "Hey, you! Help us hook these trailers up, kid."

His acne-pocked face creased. "Uh, we're not supposed to sell display bikes. You're meant to buy them in a box and put them together yourself."

Simon bellowed in laughter. "Buddy, I just caught you stuffing it in little missy over there on display stock. Let's agree that you're not exactly enforcing company policy today."



Everything finally organised, we dragged it in loads to the registers, leaning the bikes haphazardly against one another. "I'll pay for this on my card," I said, grimacing.

"Dude," said our helpful shop clerk, "I don't think head office is going to send the cops after you if you just take the stuff and go."

"No." Adamant, I waved my card at him, gesturing with it as I spoke. "Society isn't about having lights or cars. Society is people . We are the ones who must hold ourselves to account, to be enlightened in a dark world. If we steal from this place, we're looters. Plus this might be the last purchase I ever make using my card. I want to do it."

people Simon nodded his approval, which I might have ruined by saying, "Besides, that money is for my rent, and I don't think PayPal is going to be operational when the 30th rolls around this month."

The clerk swiped my card. "Uh... It says, 'insufficient funds.'"

"Oh. Shit."

With a weak smile, the clerk typed on his screen. "There. I gave you my company discount – 40% off. Try again, maybe?"

This time, the sale processed. "Thanks, man."

"You're welcome."

A voice hailed him from the beanbag aisle. "Oh, Davo! I'm ready to go again if you are!"

"Gotta run," said Davo, our clerk and hero. He scampered, undoing his belt as he ran.

"We should get on the other side of the electric doors," I said, pushing the trolley with my elbows while dragging a bike. "When the power goes, they may not open again."

"Also, that," said Simon, indicating with his eyebrows to the grunts and squeals emanating from the direction of the beanbags.

On our way out, we passed a book rack. "Ha," said Simon humourlessly, flipping a book to show me its cover.

" What To Do When The World Ends ," I read. "That's apt."

What To Do When The World Ends Simon added the book to his pile, along with some other titles. He caught my questioning stare. "What? I don't care about enlightenment and society. Consciences are for people who aren't living in the dark ages."

Outside, we hid the gear and ourselves behind a low wall next to the carpark. Simon left to 'check out' the bottle shop, which looked like an old-timey Western salon, with people being thrown out windows and bottles being smashed. Since dissuading him would have been pointless and I knew he could fend for himself, I slid to the ground and pulled out my phone for the last time.

What should my last ever interaction on my phone be? A final Insta session, or check in on Twitter? 9Gag might be good for hilariously irreverent memes about Armageddon, or maybe I should send a Facebook shout-out to old school mates and my weird cousins.

Instead, I sent my mum and dad a text to tell them I loved them and I was on my way, and settled on a Google search – and from the autofill that popped up, I clearly wasn't the only person looking for comfort in Google's dying arms.

How to...

How to... ...Tell someone you love them before the world ends

...Tell someone you love them before the world ends ...Find someone without GPS

...Find someone without GPS ...Travel overseas without power

...Travel overseas without power ...Survive

...Survive I asked a simple question: How to get through this.

How to get through this. Google replied, using quotes with sunset backgrounds. "If you're going through hell, just keep going. Tough times don't last: tough people do."

"If you're going through hell, just keep going. Tough times don't last: tough people do." The last image I ever saw on my phone was a simple quote that felt like it was written for me.

"Just for the record, darling – not all positive change feels positive in the beginning."

"Just for the record, darling – not all positive change feels positive in the beginning." I smiled, the comforting weight of my phone in my hand, the sun shining - and just for a beat, it felt like everything was going to be okay.

Then the nanobots arrived.





The world is ending and you have time to collect any three items to help you survive - what do you grab? I struggle with this question so much, because I can't even walk out my front door without myriad items involved, from toothpaste to tampons. Having said that, I'd choose a book on survival, a tent, and a hunting knife. Leave yours in the comments :)

The world is ending and you have time to collect any three items to help you survive - what do you grab? I struggle with this question so much, because I can't even walk out my front door without myriad items involved, from toothpaste to tampons. Having said that, I'd choose a book on survival, a tent, and a hunting knife. Leave yours in the comments :) The world is ending and you have time to collect any three items to help you survive - what do you grab? I struggle with this question so much, because I can't even walk out my front door without myriad items involved, from toothpaste to tampons. Having said that, I'd choose a book on survival, a tent, and a hunting knife. Leave yours in the comments :) I hope you like this new tale as much as I'm enjoying writing it - I wrote this chapter on my bus commute to and from work today, hunched up in my seat and oblivious to anything for two hours except the words on my screen. Please vote if you'd like to read more, and consider adding the title to one of your reading lists.

I hope you like this new tale as much as I'm enjoying writing it - I wrote this chapter on my bus commute to and from work today, hunched up in my seat and oblivious to anything for two hours except the words on my screen. Please vote if you'd like to read more, and consider adding the title to one of your reading lists. I hope you like this new tale as much as I'm enjoying writing it - I wrote this chapter on my bus commute to and from work today, hunched up in my seat and oblivious to anything for two hours except the words on my screen. Please vote if you'd like to read more, and consider adding the title to one of your reading lists. Much love, Kate

Much love, Kate Much love, Kate





Chapter 5


All the news reports had stated that the nanobots were too small to feel or see; part of the terror they wielded was that their threat was invisible, like a horror movie monster that was never revealed on screen.

I didn't see them coming, but I felt them, a slight thickening of the atmosphere. The sunny sky seemed to dim, but it was still bright sunshine all around me. Then, a low vibration in the air, like a silent speaker cranked to maximum volume. No sound, more of a feeling.

A shiver ripped through me, and I watched as the electronic sign on the other side of the carpark advertising half-price AusPuss brand cat food at the Pet Me Superstore blinked off. The traffic lights at the carpark exit flashed yellow three times, then nothing. Several cars collided in the intersection, not fast, but enough to emit a crunching noise that echoed towards me.

One by one, each of the fluorescent shopfront signs flipped off, and people in the carpark shrieked in fear as they realised this was actually happening; it wasn't fake news or a global prank. Some vehicles shuddered to a halt, mostly the late model ones. A man jumped out of his Tesla and kicked its tyres before howling in despair.

I looked down at my phone just in time to see its screen fade to black for the last time. It didn't feel like running out of battery; it felt like watching a friend die. My trembling fingers slid the phone into my pocket, unwilling to just toss it aside after all the time we'd spent together.

All around me, the terrified behaviour of people had escalated, but other than the blackened traffic lights, everything else looked normal. Electricity outside during the day time didn't seem like such a different world. A few hours from now when night fell, it would be a different story.

Hot and sudden tears fell down my cheeks as hunger slapped me fiercely. I wanted a final normal meal, something hot and fatty and familiar. I had no idea what my next meal would even look like, but it probably wouldn't be microwaved.

I wept for the world. And for myself, but since I was part of the world too, I figured that was okay.

Simon ambled back over, a carton of vodka beneath each arm. "You should see it – thought I'd have to punch on to get this lot, but the place cleared out when all those idiots realised they would have to walk home because their precious cars are shot to-"

"Shut up, Simon," I said, not softening the edges of my tone. "The world just ended. Have a little respect."

"The world didn't end. People will keep eating and screwing and shitting and drinking-"

"People are dying, right now." My tears fell faster. I'd never allowed myself to cry in front of my team before, but this was unstoppable, as if the nanobots had broken my emotional tap. "Hospitals will be filled with people dying horribly right now because machines stopped breathing for them, or their pacemaker failed, or the lights went out in the middle of surgery. There will be car accidents that people didn't survive, ships lost at sea filled with people who can't make it back to shore."

Raging at the injustice of it all, I threw my wrath in his direction. "The world just changed forever, and there will be people who starve or drown or bleed out or be killed by other people or kill themselves. Take a goddamn moment and acknowledge it."

He stood over me for a moment, then lowered both of his boxes to the ground and squatted in front of me. "Love, I know all that," he said in a tone so gentle, I didn't recognise his voice for a moment. "But the world won't end. People will keep going. Yep, some of them will die, and that's how it's always been. But not us, not today."

"I just want to take a second." I couldn't hold his stare; my eyes dropped to the open boxes he'd brought, where a bag of pork rinds caught my attention.



With greedy hands, I yanked the package free and ripped it open. I ate the entire bag of salty crunchiness, watching people cry and yell and run, the world indifferent but very much changed.

In the two hours before Nev and Bailey arrived, I snacked and cried while Simon made a few more trips in and out of the bottle shop. Every few minutes, a thought would grip me: I should ask Google that. I wonder if anyone Tweeted about this. I'll call and see. Each time I'd reach for my phone, then remember and berate myself, filled with a new appreciation of what having a phantom limb must feel like.

I should ask Google that. I wonder if anyone Tweeted about this. I'll call and see. "OMG we found youse- you guys!" Nev's voice rang over the carpark. She and Bailey crossed towards us, each of them toting two large bags each.

"We went past our apartments and grabbed some stuff," explained Bailey. They dumped a bag at my feet. "That one's worth its weight in gold. Probably more, right now."

Greedily, I dug through the reams of printed paper. It was like the friendly ghost of the internet had come to visit – Google maps screenshots, webpage printouts, PDFs of vital information. "Great job, thanks," I said, rezipping it carefully.

"Our clothes wasn't the only important thing we collected!" Nev shimmied and dug into the fake Louis Vuitton tote on her shoulder. A tiny puff ball appeared and began to yap delightedly.

Groan... I'd kind of hoped we wouldn't have time to collect Bella on our way out of the city; the last thing we needed was a pointless waste of resources – plus I could pretty much guarantee that it would get lost at some stage and require all six of us wandering around a remote bush location yelling 'Here puppy!' like idiots while the damn thing had probably been carried off by an eagle.

Groan... Nev nuzzled the dog, oblivious to my lack of enthusiasm. Bailey caught my withering stare, and they grinned at me. "Here, boss, this bag is yours."

They tossed the second bag at me, and I smiled in gratitude. "Awesome, I've been waiting to get changed... Wait..."

I'd expected to find the bag filled with my jeans, track pants, long pyjamas, my everyday underwear. "Guys. What the hell is this?"

"It's your stuff," said Nev, carefully tucking Bella away in the tote.

"Yes, but where's all the stuff I normally wear?" It was as if they'd raided my wardrobe for the clothing I used the least. A sports bra that was way too tight for my current cup size, but I'd kept just in case. My skinny jeans that cut me in half when I wore them. A pair of Lululemon tights I'd bought before realising that even their patented butt-lift material couldn't help me. A lacy nightie my mum had been guilted into buying at an underwear party and sent to me that was still in its plastic packaging. And five thongs.

"Are you kidding me?" My teeth clanked shut in frustration and I hissed through them, "I can't wear any of this!"

As I waved a thong at Nev, her face clouded with confusion. "Why? What's wrong with thongs?"

Nothing, except I look like a pillow with an elastic band around it. Of course Nev wouldn't see a problem with any of her choices; as a size six, she could wear anything. Clothing shopping for a body my size was fraught with difficulty; too tight, too short, too shapeless, too colourful... People her size could wear a belted garbage bag and it would still look fashionable.

Nothing, except I look like a pillow with an elastic band around it. Instead, I said, "I don't wear thongs, Nev."

"Then why do you have thongs?"

have That was a longer, much sadder story, and rake of her words pulled at the sore skin of everything I'd been trying to heal.



Fury was safer to feel than sorrow, and I let the anger pulse though me. I wanted a direction to send it. A honking VW Kombi van trundled across the carpark towards us and presented the perfect target for my ire. "Who's this clown?"

Bailey laughed. "I believe that's your clown."

Sure enough, Rueben's head poked out the driver's window. "Hey! I found you!"

I wouldn't have said my heart leaped when I saw Rueben, but it definitely rumbled in approval. Over the last few hours I'd been thinking about the group dynamics, and I felt that Rueben would be a good addition. He was quietly authoritative and logical, and god knows we needed more of that.

Everyone rushed forwards. "Cool wheels," said Bailey. They grinned in approval, and asked, "Where's your Audi?"

Rueben twisted the key and the Kombi shuddered to a halt. "The Audi is back at my apartment. This used to belong to my dad. No electrics, so we're still running for now. Sorry it took us a while to get here - the roads were pretty blocked, lots of accidents."

I'd been lurking at the back of the group, but I craned my neck as the passenger door opened. Right. The girlfriend. I wanted to see this Mischa for myself, work out what kind of princess we were stuck with.

Right. The girlfriend. She was not what I'd expected. The various surprised noises of my team confirmed they'd been picturing someone different too.

I'd been right about the blonde hair, although it was ringlets and I'd imagined gentle waves. She was slender, very short. No high heels or botox or boob jobs to be seen, which should have been a relief, and yet the sight of this girl filled me with dread.

Because she wasn't a woman, not his girlfriend. She was a child – a literal primary school-aged kid.

"Guys," said Rueben, pulling her to his side, "I'd like you to meet Mischa. My daughter."

"Hi." Her massive blue eyes absorbed us, then she tugged on Rueben's sleeve. "Daddy, can I go in the back now?"

"Sure, sweetheart." He watched her scoot off on rainbow coloured crocs and pull open the big doors at the rear of the van. "She's eight," he said to us. "Her mum's not around; it's just the two of us."

"She's sooo pretty," said Nev, sighing theatrically. I had a feeling that she would get along just fine with someone else just as obsessed with hair braiding and She-Ra and glitter polish as she was.

"Look, I know I didn't mention that Mish is my kid, but I hope it's okay." He didn't meet my eyes, but instead gestured around as if he was addressing a large group of shareholders. "We bike ride every weekend, she's tough and she'd well behaved."

"Um..." I wasn't sure what I was going to say next, but Rueben jumped in again.

"Also I called ahead to an Airbnb in Corrimal – I booked us a house on the beach, which is on our way out of town. It'll be dark in a few hours so not a great time to start a big ride, but we can chuck all the stuff into the Kombi and sort it out when we get there. We'll all be safe, get a decent night's sleep, then jump on the bikes tomorrow."

My team looked over at me, and I could feel their waves of pressure to take the offer of the van and the house. "Well, I'd have to be a total bitch to leave a man and his daughter by the side of the road to fend for themselves," I said tightly. "And this was definitely your best choice, springing this on me and trying to smooth it over with bribery." I was going to curb my sarcasm, but my mouth had other plans.

Nev, oblivious, said, "Great! All sorted."

"If we've got a van, I reckon I can fit an extra case of grog in," said Simon, ambling back towards the bottle shop.

Bailey eyebrow-shrugged at me. "I'll start loading."

Rueben and I were left alone. "I'm sorry," he said softly. "I told you, I'm not great in a crisis. I just want her to be safe, and I think this - your plan, you guys – that's my best shot at doing that."

"It's fine." It wasn't, but the sun was already starting to slide lower and I was smart enough to realise the van and the house were a good idea. I wasn't so petty to put myself or the others in danger just because I was pissed off.

I wasn't sure why I was so angry though. Normally I could trace the source of my frustration to something logical; PMS, self-pity, ruined expectations, etc. But none of that applied here. Our lives for the foreseeable future were already a shit-show; having a kid along for the ride didn't make anything worse at this stage.

Trust. That was why. I'd known Rueben for all of an hour and I'd trusted that he spoke with integrity, then he'd deliberately misled me. It wasn't the first time I'd automatically assumed someone must be honest because I liked the way they looked.

Trust. Plus I'd spent time with my stupid brother's kids; they were all demanding brats with short attention spans. I already had enough crazy to deal with, between the alcoholic, a non-binary person with clinical depression, and Nev's obsession with her appearance. Oh, and the dog.

Feeling tired down to my bones, and hungry, always hungry, I gave Rueben a tight smile. "Let's just get this rust bucket loaded. It's time to get on the road."





Kombi van pic for those who don't have a clue what this iconic vehicle looks like :)

Kombi van pic for those who don't have a clue what this iconic vehicle looks like :) Kombi van pic for those who don't have a clue what this iconic vehicle looks like :) So, this chapter takes the book to over 10k words, which is not bad since I only began writing a week ago. In the spirit of honesty - I struggle to get a book from 10k words to 20k - so please help me stay on track by swinging me a vote and a comment - do you like what you've read so far? Do you wear thongs? Have you ever had a crush on someone who has a kid? Leave me a few words so I know you're out there - writing is lonely, and having readers here on Watty keeps me from consulting my cat on these matters.

So, this chapter takes the book to over 10k words, which is not bad since I only began writing a week ago. In the spirit of honesty - I struggle to get a book from 10k words to 20k - so please help me stay on track by swinging me a vote and a comment - do you like what you've read so far? Do you wear thongs? Have you ever had a crush on someone who has a kid? Leave me a few words so I know you're out there - writing is lonely, and having readers here on Watty keeps me from consulting my cat on these matters. So, this chapter takes the book to over 10k words, which is not bad since I only began writing a week ago. In the spirit of honesty - I struggle to get a book from 10k words to 20k - so please help me stay on track by swinging me a vote and a comment - do you like what you've read so far? Do you wear thongs? Have you ever had a crush on someone who has a kid? Leave me a few words so I know you're out there - writing is lonely, and having readers here on Watty keeps me from consulting my cat on these matters. xx Kate

xx Kate xx Kate





Chapter 6


The final rolling hill almost killed us. Otherwise, the drive down the coast had been uneventful albeit a bit unorthodox. Getting out of the city had been like playing a video game where you can drive over anything and everything, and the road is just used as a vague starting point. Because of all the abandoned vehicles on the road, Rueben had to ease us over footpaths and roundabouts, down pedestrian malls, even through a small park at one stage, the space between the swings and the slide of the playground allowing just enough space to squeak the Kombi through.

Being inside the van was like a video game too – Tetris. Although the Kombi was spacious, it still needed to carry six people, six bikes, six bike trailers, a crap-ton of supplies, sooooo much vodka and one small dog. We'd stacked as much as possible on the roof and hooked the bikes on the back. The rest of the gear went inside and the people fitted in where they could. Bailey and Simon claimed the backseat, while Nev curled up with Mischa and Bella to read a Disney princess book together.

That left me in the front seat, guiding Rueben with the map printouts. I'd planned to lurk against the passenger door, but at the last moment, Bailey had shoved a bunch of food boxes in next to me, which meant I had to sit with my leg almost touching Rueben's on the bench seat.

"Sorry," Rueben called out in warning as the van crashed down off a curb. Everyone inside groaned or yelped; the van was clearly built in a time before effective suspension.

I stared intently out the windows. My anger had dissipated, but I wasn't feeling chatty.

Rueben asked, "Are you alright?"

"That's not a fair question," I responded. "Social rules dictate that I should say yes, but of course I'm not fine. I shouldn't be fine. None of us should be. What you're really asking me is am I alright with you."

"Are you?"

"Does it matter? I met you this morning. We don't have to be best friends. We just have to work together." Fine, maybe I was still feeling slightly truculent.

"Alright." Silence, except for Mischa's small voice reading aloud to Nev.

The van arrived at another intersection littered with empty vehicles. "Where is everybody?" I breathed, peering in every direction.

"Hiding inside, I'd guess."

"I thought they'd be rioting or fleeing dodge like us."

Rueben shook his head as he manoeuvred the Kombi over the pedestrian island and onto the other side of the road. "When people are scared, they flee, freeze or fight. Fighting might be happening closer in to the city, but fleeing is pretty hard with most cars not working. So most of them will have frozen, which means hiding and hoping they'll get rescued, or that all of this will somehow get fixed."

I stared around at the mostly empty streets, loathing the ghostly atmosphere. At one stage, we turned a corner and almost collided with a downed helicopter lying on its side, intact but clearly not going anywhere. A train blocked a level crossing, and we lost half an hour trying to find a way around, and another half an hour when Simon insisted on stopping at a bakery and trading a bottle of tequila for a massive crate of day-old baked goods.

Eventually the road opened up to wide lanes leading down the coast, and the Kombi rattled as Rueben accelerated. The sun was starting to set, casting mango light over the ocean that peeped between the hills on our left. Behind us, the backseat had fallen quiet, and when I looked back, I saw everyone had fallen asleep, except for Bailey who stared vacantly out to sea.

Dusk cloaked us as we cruised into Corrimal. I'd found the Airbnb on the map, the only house at the end of a long driveway. "It should be just ahead," I said, stretching my legs as best I could in the cramped space. "Up over the next rise."



Rueben squinted. The Kombi's engine worked, but the headlights didn't, and we struggled to peer into the dimness ahead. A downward slope spooled before us, ending in a sharp rise, the house at the top of the hill. "Great."

Just as I allowed myself to relax, to picture the night ahead filled with bread rolls and warm beds, the sky thickened again. "Oh no. Rueben, it's happening."

"What?"

"The nanobots." The low hum filled the warm sea air that drifted in the window, and a few seconds later, the Kombi engine guttered.

"We need to pull over," I said urgently. "You're going to lose the engine in a second."

"No." Rueben slammed his foot down and the Kombi lurched forward.

"What are you doing?"

My raised voice woke the others, and I heard Mischa say, "Daddy?"

"It's okay, honey." His hands gripped the wheel as he pushed the Kombi to its maximum velocity. "We need to get up the hill. We need the speed."

The van around us shuddered dangerously as we hurtled down the hill. "It's too dangerous!" I braced myself as best I could, crying out to him. "You need to stop!"

The engine stuttered again, then choked to nothingness. By now, we were hurtling along at a break-neck pace, and the dip at the bottom of the hill was racing towards us.

Crunch. The van hit the dip, and everything flew upward. Everyone screamed, even Simon, and Rueben's arms tensed, pulling desperately at the wheel to keep us on the road. The tyres shrieked and swerved. A box of dehydrated chicken soup packets hit me on the head before bursting open in my lap, and I fell sideways into Rueben's lap, my face pressed against his chest.

Crunch. Furious, I wrenched backward. "You're an idiot," I screamed, all traced of my cool gone.

"Look, we made it," he said calmly.

Sure enough, infuriatingly enough, the van had enough momentum to cruise up the small hill and roll inside the gates of the property. We made it all the way to the front door of the beautiful beach house, where Rueben pulled on the hand break. "Good job, old friend," he said, patting steering wheel.

"What. The. Actual. Fu-" I began, before I heard Nev speak to Mischa.

"Come on, sweetie, let's go find your bedroom, okay?"

I waited until they exited the van, then spun back to face Rueben again. "What the hell, Rueben? You could have killed all of us! What were you thinking?"

"I was thinking that it was the safest, smartest thing for all of us to get the van inside the gates, rather than leave it with all of our gear at the bottom of the hill, defenceless." He gestured around, his eyes dark and fierce. "I was thinking that everything in this vehicle is going to keep us alive until we reach Tassie. We are probably the richest people in the country right now because of this stuff. I took an informed risk, because I know my driving ability and the capacity of this van." His lips pressed into a hard line. "I was thinking about my daughter."

and We were both breathing hard, neither of us backing down. There was a wonderful, terrible moment where I considered mashing my face to his in a ferocious kiss, just like all the romantic movies I'd never watch again. Then Bailey spoke up. "Hey, you two? Simon and I are stuck back here – there's a bunch of bedrolls that have fallen between us and freedom. Give us a hand?"

Maturity won out, and both Rueben and I silently slid out of the van and moved around to the back to dig out Simon and Bailey.

Night had fallen properly by then, so everything was a game of touchy-feely in the darkness. We blundered around, taking only what we needed into the house; the bread, some clothes, bottles of vodka. Rueben locked the gate, and for tonight at least, we were safe from the world.



Inside the house, which I'd barely glimpsed in the fading light, we were greeted by dozens of burning candles in the lounge and on the balcony that overlooked the dark ocean. Nev and Mischa danced around, each with a long dinner candle, lighting more wicks in the kitchen. Nev smiled, happy in her simple way. "We found a whole box of candles in the big bedroom! I'm not sure why there were so many in there, but at least we can see tonight."

"Really?" said Bailey in a loaded tone. "You really don't know why there would be a box full of red candles in the master bedroom of a weekend rental beach house...?"

really In the flickering light, Nev's cheeks darkened. "There's a child present," she whispered, pushing Bailey out of the way with her shoulder. "Come on, let's sort out food."

I was starving, but I reached for the vodka. I'd get drunk quicker on an empty stomach.

I poured the liquid into a tumbler, filling more than half of the glass. As I took a deep swig, I noted Simon's silent stare. Annoyed, I said, "Yes?"

"That's a big glass."

There was something galling about being judged by an alcoholic. I poured another slosh in. "If ever a night in the history of nights called for heavy drinking, it's tonight."

The bread was divided up, and everyone gathered around the large dining table. I gnawed on a feta and olive knob and pored over the maps, attempting some semblance of authority even as my words became slightly slurred due to the vodka-lining on my stomach. "So, according to Google, it was about 47 hours of riding time from Mascot to Port Melbourne. Now we're here, we've probably trimmed about two hours of ride time."

"But that's based on riding 12 miles an hour," said Bailey, shoving another sheaf of paper at me. "I Googled this. That's about 20 kilometres an hour, which is an average speed for an MAMIL, but not for-"

"What's a MAMIL?" said Mischa from her spot against Rueben's side, her large eyes even wider in the candle light.

"A middle-aged man in Lycra," growled Simon, tearing at a pizza bread. "Old dudes pretending they're professional cyclists."

"So if we ride all day, every day, and account for the fact that not all of us are riding at an adult level," I said savagely in Mischa's direction, vodka making me bitchy, "we're looking at, what, at least ten days of riding before we get to Port Melbourne?"

adult Ten days. It was hard to fathom. Not that I saw my stupid brother's farm as nirvana, but ten days of not knowing where we'd sleep, of exercise without end, of crapping by the side of the road... It sounded like a personal hell. Especially in comparison to right now, when the booze was plentiful and the prospect of a comfy bed lay at the end of the night.

A thought gripped me. "Hold up. What if... Shit. I forgot. Wait, what was I saying?" I laughed, and gestured wildly, striking a bottle and sending it flying.

Simon caught the bottle and placed it calmly back on the table. Undaunted, I continued. "So, I gotta say," I paused to burp, "I never thought this would be my Tuesday night, you know? Like if someone had told me at the start of today that I'd be on the road with such a weird crew, oh my god, I would have never believed it. Like, we even have a kid with us, for god's sake. We're practically the cast of a horror movie. Hey, I wonder who'd be the first one of us to die?"

On a roll, I poured another double, took a deep slurp and said, "Like, the dog would probably make it – animals always survive in horror movies. But everyone else is fair game. The kill order used to be pretty set – people of colour and sexually promiscuous women die first, the white virgin normally survives, and so do kids for some reason, even though in real life, having a kid around would slow you down, make everything harder and definitely get everyone killed."



An uncomfortable silence stole over the room, the kind of quiet that made you wonder if you'd just missed a punchline. "What?"

"Karla, maybe you should go to bed," said Bailey in a flat tone.

I was about to say that Bailey wasn't the boss of me, that it was the other way around, when I remembered that technically I wasn't anyone's boss anymore because the world had ended and I didn't have a company and everything that I'd worked for had vanished in a nanobot fart cloud. Tears filled my eyes.

Through the hot liquid, I notice that Mischa pressing her teary face to Rueben's chest, and envy pulsed through me. I want someone to hug. I thought of Dean, waiting for me at my brother's farm, imagined falling into his arms and weeping, and his hands smoothing my hair as held me and said, "I've got you baby girl."

I want someone to hug. But for now, I'd have to weep alone. With as much grace as my vodka-soaked synapses could manage, I stood and slurred, "Good night, everyone, sleep tight. Don't let the post-apocalyptic zombies bite."

I staggered into the first bedroom along the hall, fell face forward onto the bed and passed out, exhaustion, inebriation and trauma deciding I'd had enough consciousness for now, thank you.

Nausea woke me a while later. As if I'd just learned how to walk, I lurched from wall to wall, then into the corridor.

I slid along the wall, trying to find the bathroom in the near-darkness. The only light spilled into the corridor from the lounge, where two voices murmured softly.

"I just hope she sleeps through the night." Rueben, I drunkenly identified.

Bailey replied, their neutral tone soothing. "I hope so too."

Aw, they care about me . I grinned goofily in the darkness.

Aw, they care about me Bailey kept talking. "Listen, about Karla... I know that was shitty, what she said earlier. But there's a reason. She's been through a lot."

I opened my mouth to protest, but instead of anger, vomit rushed forth. I pushed through the bathroom door, hurled myself towards the toilet, and emptied semi-digested bread and vodka in an endless stream out of my body. Absently, I wondered if this accidental purge would kickstart my weight loss.

The acrid scent flooded my nostrils as I finished. I dabbed at my eyes with toilet paper and blew my nose. The toilet flushed, thank god, but didn't refill.

My room seemed as far away as Tasmania, so I pulled a fluffy towel down from the rail and rolled myself inside it. I crashed out again with my face pressed to the cool soothing tiles, desperately trying to avoid thinking about the last time I'd slept on a bathroom floor.

The next time I woke up, I instinctively reached for my phone. What time is it? Oh. Wait. My phone couldn't tell me, and the answer didn't really matter anyway. I crawled to the door, then gently managed to get my feet under me and stepped into the corridor. I'm still a bit drunk, I realised drunkenly.

What time is it? Oh. Wait. I'm still a bit drunk, The smooth plane of the wall felt nice under my fingers as I slid my way back towards the bedroom, before the sound of a door being softly closed behind me caused me to spin, topple, and slam into the wall on the other side of the corridor.

"Hey, are you okay?" Warm hands gripped me, and I dragged my heavy eyes up to meet Rueben's concerned gaze.

"Just coming back from the bathroom," I said breathlessly. The world had been spinning, but with Rueben's arms securing me upright, the universe seemed steadier.

Our faces were close enough that I could feel his breath on my cheeks, and the vodka made me brave. We should shag! it decided absurdly. Let's do it! Viva la coitus! I wanted hands on my body, and I was still drunk enough that I could close my eyes and forget my ugly body. Rueben was never going to be a serious love interest, so who cared if he thought I was fat? Most guys, I'd learned, were pretty happy to screw anyway even if they didn't find you sexy, as long as you had working girl bits.

We should shag! Let's do it! Viva la coitus! I closed the gap between our mouths a little more and said, "You found me out here. It seems like a sign, right?" My fingers lowered to the waistband of his jeans, and I pulled provocatively on his beltloops. "Wanna make sure I get back to bed? Maybe get me undressed and see what happens?"

As if I was electrified, Rueben's arms straightened, pushing me away from his body. "What? Karla, me finding you isn't a sign – I'm up because Mischa has been waking up all night with nightmares because of what you said about her getting us killed. Plus you're drunk, and in no condition to consent to getting a library card, let alone sex."

"Geeze," I laughed shakily, "settle down, you could have just said, 'I'm not attracted to you, fat girl.' I don't need a lecture."

"Karla, that's not-"

"I'm going to bed." I needed an acerbic remark to leave him with, but my internal script writers were clearly not producing their best content at this hour. "Maybe I'll get myself naked, see what happens."

And leaving him with the haze of my vomit-breath, I stomped off to my room and slammed the door. For the record, I did not take advantage of myself in that condition. Instead I crushed my face into the pillow and silently screamed, then stared at the dark ocean and waited for the first day of the new world to begin.





Oh, drunken choices. They never end well. Confession time - if you wish, leave me a drunken choice you regret below in the comments. My most recent poor choice made under the influence of alcohol was to go drink-for-drink with my friend, who is much taller than me and handles her drinks much better than me. I spent two full days recovering and apologizing to my liver, but at the time it seemed like a really good decision.

Oh, drunken choices. They never end well. Confession time - if you wish, leave me a drunken choice you regret below in the comments. My most recent poor choice made under the influence of alcohol was to go drink-for-drink with my friend, who is much taller than me and handles her drinks much better than me. I spent two full days recovering and apologizing to my liver, but at the time it seemed like a really good decision. Oh, drunken choices. They never end well. Confession time - if you wish, leave me a drunken choice you regret below in the comments. My most recent poor choice made under the influence of alcohol was to go drink-for-drink with my friend, who is much taller than me and handles her drinks much better than me. I spent two full days recovering and apologizing to my liver, but at the time it seemed like a really good decision. We are now up to 14,000 words. Just a few more and I'll be over the dreaded 20k hump - thanks to those of you who have left me encouraging messages, it honestly helps. Please vote if you're enjoying the tale - it's always hard to get people to start a new story of mine, so every click helps :) xx Kate

We are now up to 14,000 words. Just a few more and I'll be over the dreaded 20k hump - thanks to those of you who have left me encouraging messages, it honestly helps. Please vote if you're enjoying the tale - it's always hard to get people to start a new story of mine, so every click helps :) xx Kate We are now up to 14,000 words. Just a few more and I'll be over the dreaded 20k hump - thanks to those of you who have left me encouraging messages, it honestly helps. Please vote if you're enjoying the tale - it's always hard to get people to start a new story of mine, so every click helps :) xx Kate





Chapter 7


The sky made the transition from dark to dawn about the same time I transitioned from drunk to hungover. Groaning and in desperate need of fresh air, I padded silently out of the house and down to the beach.

Given that it was spring and school holidays, the beach should have been packed. Instead, it arced away from me in an empty crescent of sand.

Not entirely empty. Bailey's slender figure stood on the rocks to my left. They leaned artfully, sculpted cheekbones catching the early light as they stared out to sea.

Not entirely empty. I approached cautiously, and Bailey tuned and smiled knowingly. "How are you feeling?"

"Ugh." I lowered myself carefully to the nearest rock. "Exceedingly ugh."

"Not surprising." Bailey perched next to me and we sat in silence, watching the sun rise.

"I heard you talking to Rueben last night," I said, needing to know the full extent of the damage before I could deal with it. "What did you tell him about me?"

"Nothing. He was pretty upset because of Mischa and what you said about kids getting people killed, so I just let him know that's not who you are and that what you said came from trauma."

Internally I flinched at the memory of my callous words. "I was only trying to be funny, have a few drinks. How come when I let go of the reins for even a second, it always ends up causing me hell?"

Bailey said, "Because when you let go, you don't just drop the reins, you light them on fire."

The air began to warm around us, the light creeping higher in the sky.

"Karla, I think... I think you're not going to want to hear this."

"Hear what?"

Bailey turned their intelligent grey eyes on me. "I think you need to tell your mum and your brother about Dean when we get to Tassie."

A shockwave of white-hot tingles pulsed through me like an internal tsunami. "Tell them what?" I said, keeping my voice even. "There's nothing to tell."

"You know that's not true."

"I know you and I see that situation differently-"

"I see what happened, and I see you in total denial."

"-But even if there was anything to tell, all of that was years ago."

"And you haven't dealt with any of it," said Bailey, pushing off the rock and running a hand over their hair in frustration. "What did you tell me when all that garbage with my family went down?"

I stayed silent, unwilling to give them more to win this argument with.

"You told me that I couldn't deal with all of this alone. You were the one who said I should talk it through with a therapist, find people who understood me to process the drama with. And I did. It sucked, and I did it anyway, because I knew you were right. Why can't you take that advice for yourself?"

"Bailey, what you went through was horrendous. My situation with Dean was nothing like that."

"No, you're right. Because the shit with my family was completely expected. What Dean did was a betrayal out of the blue."

"Enough!" The sun was too bright, my head pulsed too painfully and this conversation was too close to the open nerves around my heart. I stood. "Bailey, you know I love you, and I'm grateful you were there for me, and I will apologise to Rueben, but the situation with Dean has changed, okay?"

"Changed how?"

"We spoke on the phone yesterday. He said he was wrong."

"About what?"



"About what he said the last time we were together."

"Jesus, Karla. That's not even an apology. What does that mean? He's sorry about breaking your heart? Or about what he forced you to do?"

"I don't know, Bailey!" I stood and began to walk away, wishing the conversation would blow out to sea. "But he's there with my family, and if he wants to make things work, I should be open to it."

"No, you bloody well shouldn't be."

I didn't trust myself to speak. My eyes were locked on my feet, watching the sand dry as the pressure of my soles forced the liquid away with each step.

Bailey spoke again. "I don't know why you keep space in your heart for that guy. You're worth so much more than his bullshit."

I didn't have an answer. It had never felt like bullshit when I was with Dean. It had felt like love.

We walked in silence back towards the house. Another figure had joined us on the beach; Nev played with Bella near where the tide threw itself up the shore in long, gentle fingers.

I watched Bailey's face draw into a smitten smile. "On the topic of telling people things..." I said suggestively.

"No."

"Bailey, this is literally the perfect time. We're all stuck together, you've been crazy about her for ages, it's not like Tinder is an option anymore for her. Put your cards on the table."

"Do you want to know what happened the last time I told a straight girl had feelings for them? Last day of high school, my year 12 choir buddy, Sara Matterson. I'd been obsessing over her for a year and I knew that she was super-straight, but when someone would bring booze along on a choir trip, she'd get all giggly and talk about how she really wanted to kiss a girl someday, just to say she'd done it, and this little part of me would jump up and down all happy crying out, 'see, maybe she's not completely straight!'"

"Were you... How were you dressing back then?" I tried to phrase it diplomatically.

"I wore a non-gendered school uniform, shorts, shirt. My hair was pretty short. When I started there in grade 10, I was going by they/them pronouns, and my school was really supportive, which was great considering what I was going through with my family at the time. Sara had been good with the pronouns too, said she respected me for who I was. She was sweet, pretty. I was so into her."

We stared at Nev, who was also very sweet and very pretty, her long legs shining with sea water, her silky hair fluttering around bare shoulders. "What happened?" I asked quietly.

"When we were both drunk at our graduation party, I told Sara how beautiful I thought she was, and how much I'd thought about kissing her. And then she kissed me . It was like a miracle. For like a minute, she was into it, like really into it... then she freaked out. She started rambling about not even knowing what kind of genitals I had, so how weird being with me sexually would be, and what if I had any horrible STDs because of my lifestyle, and that she wanted babies one day, and so what was the point of being with someone like me." Bailey's mouth squeezed into a hard line. "I just wanted a kiss, and suddenly I was the diseased freak whose very existence was worthless."

she me really "Bailey, I'm so sorry. You know Nev's not like that, though."

"Karla, with all due respect, you have no idea what it's like to walk in my shoes. Encouraging me to do something like this is harmful and ignorant. Drop it."

Baily walked away, headed up the beach towards the house instead of towards Nev where I knew they'd rather be. A deep sadness ached in my bones. I wasn't trying to be disrespectful or ignorant; I knew Bailey's life had been awful, that they'd been rejected by almost everyone they'd ever loved. I just wanted a happy ending for them, for at least one person they loved to turn and see them and love them for who they were.



I wanted that for myself too.

The fresh air had helped. I took another gulp and put my problem-solving crown on. "Nev," I shouted up the beach. "Come inside. We need to get ready and go."

With fresh charge in my battery, I powered up the stairs and into the house. I decided it would be easiest to let myself back into my room through my balcony door, to avoid running into anyone until I'd changed and had a plan. On sandy feet, I padded along the balcony. Was my room three doors along or four?

Was my room three doors along or four? I peeped in the third window and saw a king sized bed with two bodies sleeping soundly on it. One was Mischa, her skinny arms clutched tight around a llama soft toy. Rueben lay the other way on the bed, his face pressed to the mattress.

A powerful urge racked me, tempting me to crawl under the covers with him, to hold him close. It wasn't because I was sexually tempted; I just wanted to be part of the tableau. In another universe, I could see a picture of me and a man and a child, the three of us curled up on white sheets, waking up late, eating breakfast in bed and giggling.

No. I shut it down, turning away from the window and fleeing back to my room. I couldn't let myself think about a life like that. It was too dangerous, like bouncing on a cracked board. It would eventually split and I'd fall and have no one to blame but myself.

No. In my room, I lifted the bag Nev had packed for me and began to sort through the contents again, adding my supply of clothes from the outdoors store.

I sighed as I lifted the skinny jeans. Nev wasn't to know what the jeans symbolised; that they were the pair of 'thin-spirational' pants that I'd never fit again but that I pulled out occasionally when I needed to remind myself that if I just ate less, moved more, did better, that I wouldn't be a fat, single saddo. Maybe they'll fit after a few months of farm living and bike riding.

Maybe they'll fit after a few months of farm living and bike riding. Wistfully, I stashed the jeans at the bottom of the bag and reached for the cargo pants I'd bought. Sliding out of my stretchy work pants, which really needed a wash after spending the night being splashed with vodka and splattered with vomit and soaked in sweat, I pulled on the cargos.

The came as high as my mid-thigh and no higher, as if Gandalf himself stood there bellowing, You shall not pass! "What the hell...?" I muttered, twisting to inspect the size tag. I'd guessed at the size when I'd picked them up, but sizing was inordinately tricky for a big girl. I could wear smaller sizes on top because my back and waist were quite narrow, but my boobs and belly were expansive. And every brand sized differently - if I bought something online from China, I'd be an XXXL, but in H&M, I was only a large. The system was rigged.

You shall not pass! Helplessly, I tugged at the pants again, willing them to rise. No luck. I tossed them aside, staring at the one item left in my collection that would save me from riding around in nothing but a thong. The Lulu tights.

I pulled them up awkwardly, like I was trying to wriggle into a wetsuit. The slinky material hugged and grabbed everywhere, and some of the stitching crackled as I stretched them over my hips. But the extra-high waistband felt comforting as I yanked them up almost to my bra line, and when I checked in the mirror, my butt looked pretty good.

I rubbed my stomach thoughtfully through the fabric, surprised at how comforted I was by the coverage. If I was a pregnant woman, I could have walked around with my gut hanging out and no one would have cared. A regular fat girl had to cover up offensive flesh.

Sure, there were exceptions - Instagram had a few body-positive models I religiously followed who faced the world proudly in their underwear, bellies on display, booties poured into lacy panties. But I'd noticed something about their fat exposure: they were the 'right' kind of fat. The plus-sized influencers were all fat in a smooth, symmetrical way, like a ripe mango. I was fat in the wrong way, like a bumpy avocado or a mushy banana. Even in the bo-po community, cellulite wasn't a thing women my size put on display.



Tearing myself away from a thought cycle that was spiralling speedily south, I folded the cargos and put them away. "You'll be my flood marker," I told them. I needed to lose weight before I saw Dean again, and if I put the cargos on every day, I'd be able to tell if I was making progress on the road without the benefit of scales.

Nev had packed a few t-shirts for me, thank god. I tugged one on, feeling it stretch over the swell of my breasts. It didn't fall low enough for me to be comfortable, but the pants were high enough to make the situation bearable.

I packed and stepped out into the corridor, almost running straight into Rueben. "Oh. Hi."

"Good morning." He looked tired, and as he lifted his arm to rub his face, I caught a whiff of sleepy man smell. It was heady stuff, transporting me instantly back to Dean's bed, when he'd roll over in the night and find me with his fingers and stroke me awake.

Stop that . I blinked and tried to focus. "Rueben, I own you an apology. I was drunk and out of line last night. I didn't mean to scare Mischa, and I'm sorry."

Stop that He nodded in gentle acceptance. "It's okay. I get it – not everyone likes kids. I've lost more than one person in my life because I'm a dad now, and that means I have to be responsible."

"That's not-" I began, then realised that justifying that wasn't the reason I'd lashed out would mean sharing a part of my story that only Bailey knew about. "People can't help how they feel," I tried again. "Not everyone is ready for kids."

"I wasn't ready either, but I wouldn't trade her for the world." Rueben smiled, and his entire face lit up.

His parental pride sliced something open inside me, like a blade against taut skin. I blustered forward, wanting the conversation to change before something broke in me that I couldn't easily fix. "Well, sorry again. And sorry for, you know..." I gestured between us. "The thing I said about you taking me to bed. I was super-drunk, and I know the last thing you need right now is the fat chick you just met trying to jump your bones, so don't worry! I promise that moving forward I will never bale you up in a corridor or sneak into your tent and attempt to seduce you, lol."

"Karla, that wasn't-"

"Good morrow, young people," boomed Simon, appearing from the room at the end of the hall. "Karla, how's the head?"

"Fine," I winced. "Or it was until you started yelling."

He threw a pack of Ibuprofen at me. "Take two. You need to be fresh. We've got a long way to go, and the day is not getting any younger."

Simon trundled between Rueben and me, and I started to follow him up the hall. "You heard the man," I said brightly. "Let's pack and go."

"Karla, hang on." Rueben's hands reached for me. "I need you to know... I didn't turn you down because I'm not attracted to you."

"Uh huh." I'd heard this tune before, nice guys not wanting to be seen as assholes because they cared more about flat stomachs than they were proud of, so they crafted intricate stories about it not being the right time, or that they weren't looking for anything serious, or their uncle dying and it giving them new perspective on life. I have heard this all before...

I have heard this all before... "It's just that anyone who wants to be part of my life needs to accept Mischa."

That's a new one... You're not too fat, but I'm a dad so yeah-nah? "Right. Thanks, I guess. Glad that's sorted then," I said, my words brittle. I walked away, emotions twanging inside me as if I was a guitar and he'd plucked every string.

That's a new one... You're not too fat, but I'm a dad so yeah-nah? I strode into the lounge room, where Simon, Nev and Bailey were waiting. Rueben stood silently beside me, and I did my best to ignore the growing sense of longing I felt in his presence. Let's do this, queen. "Okay, team. Day one. 824 k's to Melbourne. Who's ready to hit the road?"

Let's do this, queen. If I could have seen the future, if I'd have known how hard the road was going to hit us back, I would have crawled back into bed with the vodka, never to emerge.





I wrote this chapter when I was miserably ill with a viral infection earlier this week - writing is almost as good as reading for its transportational powers ;)

I wrote this chapter when I was miserably ill with a viral infection earlier this week - writing is almost as good as reading for its transportational powers ;) I wrote this chapter when I was miserably ill with a viral infection earlier this week - writing is almost as good as reading for its transportational powers ;) As a disclaimer, I am cis-gendered and mostly hetero (I identify as non-practicing bisexual but I'm not sure that's actually a thing) - but I have friends and workmates who are part of the LGBTIQA+ community, and I do my best to be an ally. The character of Bailey, being non-binary, is a new kind of character for me to write, but I believe that it's important to have LGBTI characters in stories, as naturally as we have people of different colours and nationalities in stories. If you identify as non-binary and you'd like to give me any feedback, please leave a comment or send me a DM :)

As a disclaimer, I am cis-gendered and mostly hetero (I identify as non-practicing bisexual but I'm not sure that's actually a thing) - but I have friends and workmates who are part of the LGBTIQA+ community, and I do my best to be an ally. The character of Bailey, being non-binary, is a new kind of character for me to write, but I believe that it's important to have LGBTI characters in stories, as naturally as we have people of different colours and nationalities in stories. If you identify as non-binary and you'd like to give me any feedback, please leave a comment or send me a DM :) As a disclaimer, I am cis-gendered and mostly hetero (I identify as non-practicing bisexual but I'm not sure that's actually a thing) - but I have friends and workmates who are part of the LGBTIQA+ community, and I do my best to be an ally. The character of Bailey, being non-binary, is a new kind of character for me to write, but I believe that it's important to have LGBTI characters in stories, as naturally as we have people of different colours and nationalities in stories. If you identify as non-binary and you'd like to give me any feedback, please leave a comment or send me a DM :) Also, note for my non-Aussie readers - 'yeah nah' is a unique Australian term which translates to no. Not to be confused with 'nah yeah' which means yes. #Aussiesarecrazy

Also, note for my non-Aussie readers - 'yeah nah' is a unique Australian term which translates to no. Not to be confused with 'nah yeah' which means yes. #Aussiesarecrazy Also, note for my non-Aussie readers - 'yeah nah' is a unique Australian term which translates to no. Not to be confused with 'nah yeah' which means yes. #Aussiesarecrazy Please vote, and if you haven't already, consider adding this story to your public reading list so others can find it too. xx Kate

Please vote, and if you haven't already, consider adding this story to your public reading list so others can find it too. xx Kate Please vote, and if you haven't already, consider adding this story to your public reading list so others can find it too. xx Kate





Chapter 8


I had never felt such a pure and extreme agony before. Nothing came close. Willing my legs to keep moving, I shook my face and hoped that no one saw the tears that I couldn't stop from flowing down my cheeks.

Everyone else was miles ahead of me; they couldn't know how much pain I was in. A sob broke out of my chest, causing my throat to clench tighter, the air whistling as it pulled in and out of my lungs. I can't do this.

I can't do this. And up ahead, I could see a monstrous hairpin turn, looming like coiled dragon, poised to destroy me.

The day had begun so well. Despite my hangover, I'd rallied everyone to pack up and get moving quickly. The weather was on our side, and we squinted in the brilliant sunshine as we looked at the sheer volume of crap we planned to take with us.

"No way does all of that fit," said Bailey, gesturing at the pile.

I agreed, but rather than freak out, I organised everyone like worker ants, diving the massive pile into smaller piles. "This pile is the essentials," I explained. "Food and shelter. These piles are the nice to haves – bed rolls, toiletries, stuff we can live without but it would be great if we didn't have to. Everything else is non-essentials – clothing and personal items. This is what we need to cull."

"No!" squeaked Nev, clutching her hair straightener and makeup bag closer.

"Nev, don't be that girl," scorned Bailey. "Where are you even going to plug that into?"

My eyes narrowed at Bailey's tone, and I wondered if this harshness was in defiance of our chat on the beach earlier.

But then Bailey spoke softly. "Look, no one is going to Snap Chat you anytime soon. Let go a little bit. You're completely gorgeous without all this crap anyway."

"I am?" Nev sounded like the thought had never occurred to her before; that scrubbed and natural, she could be beautiful. She was, of course, because she was skinny. She didn't need perfectly flicked eyeliner and barrel curls when she had long limbs and a toned torso.

Annoyed, mostly at myself, I tore off another hank of the iced bun that was serving as breakfast. "So here's the deal: you want it, you carry it. Personal items go in your backpack. The essentials, we'll divide up between the six trailers."

"Five," interjected Rueben. "Mischa won't be able to tow a trailer."

Before I could reply, he quickly said, "I'll carry Mischa's share in my trailer."

"Carry an extra half load," I said, trying to be generous and atone for last night. "We'll split the other half between the other four adults."

We worked quickly, cramming, culling, considering, condensing. Nev agonised over whether she needed her eyelash curler more than an extra can of dog food. From what I could see in Simon's bag, he was packing about 90% alcohol and a box of baby wipes. "What?" he said when I asked him about clothes. "We're on the road for a couple of weeks, not the next decade. Surely there's a men's clothing store in Tassie I can pillage when we arrive?"

I forced everyone to add the rain-proof jackets to their bags, then we mounted up. From the first push of the pedals, I realised how heavy the trailer was. Even with its light-weight frame, it was filled with cans, bottles, sleeping bags and tents. Plus the backpack on my shoulders and the two-litre water bottle strapped to my crossbar.

Mischa sped past me, cheerily dinging the bell of her miniature ten-speed, and Nev and Bailey were animated and chatty as they headed out through the gates. I pushed after them, feeling like I was pedalling through sand.

Rueben pulled up beside me, pacing my bike. "We're off."

"We are." I glanced behind us at the Kombi, sitting forlornly in the driveway. "I'm sorry we have to leave your van."



"Me too. Lots of good memories." He grinned, tilting his helmet back. "She was my first car – my dad gave her to me and we did her up together."

"Cars don't have a gender," said Simon, pedalling past.

"Thank you, PC police," I called after him.

"He's right," said Rueben, chastised. "I have a daughter, I should do better. The van- she- it, brought my dad and me together. My mum left us when I was a teenager, and we needed something to focus on together."

it, "Where are your parents now?" I tried to keep my voice even, but I was already puffing as we tackled the hill that nearly flipped us last night.

"My dad died last year. I don't know where my mum is – she walked out one day, caught a flight back to where she grew up. I never heard from her again."

"I'm so sorry."

"I seem to have a history of the women in my life leaving."

It was bait in the water; I could sense him wanting me to ask him about the other women, and I knew it would be connected to Mischa. But the hill had steepened, turning my legs to jelly as I pushed each pedal down and I had no breath for speaking. I needed each gasp to fuel my lungs.

I can hop down and walk! The idea seemed so simple, but my pride threw me a withering look. You've been on the road for 30 seconds. Suck it up, please.

I can hop down and walk! You've been on the road for 30 seconds. Suck it up, please. So rather than dismount, I stood up on the pedals and pushed on, using every ounce of my effort, traumatised memories of my one and only spin class assaulting me, the instructor yelling, bums up, let's go! My face burned as sweat instantaneously appeared and dripped down from my helmet line, and I tasted vomit at the back of my throat as I burped up bread and the ghost of last night's vodka. Just another ten pushes, I guessed, looking at the ridge. Nine, eight, seven... Okay, maybe fifteen more...

bums up, let's go! Just another ten pushes, Nine, eight, seven... Okay, maybe fifteen more... Finally we reached the crest and coasted over the top. "Are you okay?" ask Rueben, who'd waited for me at the top.

"Fine," I panted. "It's just been a while since I rode a bike."

Meanwhile, he didn't look like he'd broken a sweat, and up ahead I could see Mischa happily chatting with Bella in her dog bag on the back of Nev's bike. Rueben said, "Mish and I ride most weekends.

"Oh, you're one of those people."

"What people?"

We'd begun a gentle coast down the other side of the hill, and as far as I could see the road was either flat or sloped downwards. Comforted by the prospect of an easier ride for now, I said, "One of those ridiculously healthy people who run a marathon for fun and enjoy rock climbing socially."

"I... I've never run a marathon."

"I don't believe you."

"It was a half-marathon," he admitted, his cheeks darkening in a way that caused my stomach to flip.

"I knew it!"

"Look, when you have a kid, sometimes active events are the only child-friendly things you can do that are socially acceptable. I can't take Mish clubbing or off to see the latest Tarantino film, but we can surf together or hang out at an indoor climbing centre, and we both enjoy it."

My fingers clenched tight on the brakes. I'd managed to avoid kids for so long, to evade these feelings, and now they were being stirred up in me like silt in a deep lake. I asked a question to try and end the conversation. "So was Mischa's mum active too? It's okay if you don't want to talk about it, I understand."



"Yes and no. She spent a lot of time at the gym, but she wasn't outdoorsy."

"I can empathise," I said, swatting a bug away from my lips.

He didn't offer more info, and I didn't ask. Instead, we cruised along the coastline, and for a while, it seemed like everything would be easy enough. The narrow road soon joined with a main street leading down to Wollongong, and the beachy bush turned to suburbia.

Again, it was quieter than I'd expected. The houses sat peacefully, cars thoughtfully pulled to the side of the road before being abandoned. Fierce Aussie pride bloomed in my chest for how well my country seemed to be coping in the face of disaster.

The road rose, turning to an overpass and skimming over most of Wollongong. I hadn't noticed how quiet everything was because of the wind rushing in my ears, but as we approached the city centre, shouts and bangs carried to us on the warm sea air.

"Boss, you should come look at this," said Bailey. They were waiting at the railing with Nev, the two of them craning their necks down to see a Kmart carpark below.

It was carnage. It was every zombie movie ever, but all the more horrific because it was real. Beneath us, people fought as if their lives depended on it, clawing and fighting over trolleyfuls of cookie packages, coffee canisters, soft drinks. There were men, women and teenagers in the fray; I watched one woman viciously rip a hank of hair from another woman's scalp, and then slam her head into a car door.

"Look, coppers," said Simon, who'd joined us silently. Two police officers ran up to the crowd, arms wide, pleading for order. I saw one of them reach for something on his belt, but a shot rang out and he keeled over.

People scattered like ants, screaming in panic. Two more shots and the other officer fell to her knees. A gang of youths approached them, brandishing shotguns in the bright spring sunshine. One guy, who couldn't have been older than twenty, aimed the gun directly at the first officer's head, and shot him point blank.

Nev whimpered, and turned to Bailey, crushing her face into their shirt. Bailey said softly, "It's okay, Nev. We'll be alright."

"We have to get out of here," I said woodenly. I checked that Rueben and Mischa hadn't been watching, and I was glad to see they were only just riding up behind us now. "Keep moving," I directed. "All of you."

We sped out of town as quickly as possible. Nothing else had changed; the roads were just as quiet and the sun still shone, but everything felt different and dangerous.

The suburbs dropped away and we coasted around Lake Illawarra in silence punctuated occasionally by Bella yipping at a bird or a dog through her carrier window.

We broke for lunch about three hours after we'd left the beach house, pulling the bikes to the side of the road onto a grassy verge. I dismounted on trembling legs, half-heartedly wondering if I'd lost any weight yet.

Lunch was a paltry energy bar and some Hydrolyte crystals mixed into our water bottles. Hunger tore at my insides, but I nibbled at my bar as if this was a perfectly proportioned meal.

Everyone seemed unusually quiet, the spectre of the police officers hanging over us. Bailey sat beside me. "Are you okay?"

"I... I don't want to talk about what happened back there." I rubbed my eyes, as if I could rub away the visual of the blood spurting out of the cop's skull before his body hit the ground. "I'll process it later. For now, I just need to focus on keeping us safe and moving."

"So... I have something to tell you."

"Yes?"

"Well, when Nev and I were choosing routes, we had a few options. If we left Sydney one way, there would be less hills initially, but more at the end. We chose this way instead."



Dread crawled over my skin like a mass of tiny spiders. "What's different about this way?"

"We have a big hill coming up, but then it's pretty much flat or downhill all the way to Melbourne. We figured that this was better because we're fresh right now, but in a week, we'll be exhausted."

"How big of a hill, Bailey?" I didn't want the answer, or at least I wanted it to be better than I was worried about.

"That big." Bailey nodded at looming mountain to our right.

I didn't have words for a moment. My jaw dropped open and a precious piece of high-protein caramel-flavoured energy bar tumbled out and onto the grass. Distracted, I contemplated stuffing back into my mouth before allowing sanity to prevail. "Bailey, what the hell? That looks like something out of Lord of the Rings – and we don't have a dwarf with us. If we stay on this road, we can just go around, can't we?"

"We can't stay on the coast road, Karla – it'll take us hundreds of kilometres and a week longer to get there. Our safest shot is the Macquarie Pass, then a clear run down the Hume Highway."

Terror, keen and sharp, pierced my competent calm. "I don't know if I can make it up something like that," I whispered to Bailey. "My legs are already shaking, I've got blisters on my blisters, and my arse feels like it's been sitting on knives." Hours of continuous exercise had somehow seemed appealing when I'd proposed this trek – a Big Brother style boot camp regime that I'd sweat prettily through and come out the other side two dress sizes down. The reality was that after three hours I felt shivery and exhausted, gutted rather than empowered.

"It'll be fine. If you fall behind, we'll wait for you at the top."

"We have to tell the others."

"They already know. We spoke about it last night after you went to sleep." Bailey's smooth face creased in empathy. "You can do this, Karla. You're the most capable person I know."

"I'm also the least fit person in the group. Even the alcoholic has better cardio than me." I'd been quietly surprised by Simon's stamina on the bike, before recalling that he attended a circuit class run by the same people who operated the AA group he was supposed to meet with far more frequently than he did.

"We've got another seven-ish hours of daylight, so it doesn't matter how long it takes you. I've got a spot picked out for us to camp at tonight at the top, so all we need to do is get there."

"Oh yeah, that's all ," I scoffed. I stood and pulled my backpack on, refusing to let Bailey's sympathy land. "As long as I don't get shot or fall off a mountain, I'll be fine."

all "Our dearly departed Google estimated it would take about three hours from here to the top of the climb," said Bailey, rising and dusting their hands on their black jeans. "I think we can probably add an extra hour, maybe a bit more."

Four and a half hours of riding up. I can do this. Trying to ape confidence, I encouraged everyone to jump back on the bikes and we powered onward.

Four and a half hours of riding up. I can do this. Half an hour later, the road began to slope gently upwards. I lowered my gear and stayed positive. This isn't so bad.

This isn't so bad. Another thirty minutes, and the road incline increased. My fingers clutched at the gears, lowering them all the way down until it felt like I had to rotate the pedals twenty times just to move an inch.

After another hour, everyone else was out of sight, further up the mountain. The angle of the road seemed insane, as if a drunk engineer with a death wish had designed the mountain pass. I will not get off and walk. I will not get off and walk. This was my mantra, and I repeated it with every push. I. Will. Not. Get. Off. And. Walk.

I will not get off and walk. I will not get off and walk. I. Will. Not. Get. Off. And. Walk.

Time ceased to have any meaning; there was only pain and the road. All around me, soaring gum trees filtered the sun and left me feeling isolated, the last woman in the world. There were no cars, no other bikes, I couldn't hear anyone else ahead of me. I was alone. In pain, I wept.

A hairpin turn appeared, and my brain spun in a useless circle. I knew that I should follow the widest, least steep side of the road, but that meant riding further than if I rode up closer to the turn. I picked the shorter path, standing up on the pedals and pushing up the sharp slope.

But my legs were shaky and weak, and my foot slipped on the pedal, sending me crashing forward onto the handlebars. With my weight unbalanced, I fell to the side and the bike fell with me, overturning the trailer.

I landed on my hip, hard, skinning my elbow as I tried to break my fall. I cried out, a tragic sound in the quiet of the bush, my voice dulled by the enormous trees around me.

I wept in a puddle on the ground, tangled with the bike and feeling the bite of the bitumen on my bleeding skin. Along with my sobs, words burst out in scattered, angry phrases. "Useless... Fat! Stupid... Lazy. Ugly. Fat!"

Fat!" It always came back to me being overweight. If I was skinny, I wouldn't be here. I would have been fit and powerful and able to ride hills effortlessly in short shorts and a cropped tee while flirting shamelessly with Rueben.

Strike that. If I was skinny, I would have been with Dean. I never would have been in Sydney in the first place. Miserable, I pinched the extra flesh around my gut, visualising for the thousandth time, taking a scalpel to my belly and slicing into it, letting the fat ooze out of me like pus from a pimple.

Strike that. "Hey! Hey, Karla, are you okay?"

Rueben's voice hailed me from up the hill. I wiped my face and gingerly climbed to my feet. "I'm fine. I just fell."

I busied myself flipping the trailer over and righting the bike, trying to keep my face hidden. Rueben braked to a stop beside me and jumped off. "Are you hurt?"

He examined my elbow, and my skin danced where his fingers skimmed. "It's just a graze."

"I can dress it when we stop for the night."

"What are you, a doctor?" I forced a laughed, hurriedly reaching for the handlebars.

He watched me struggle with the bike, then gently guided me to the flatter part of the hairpin turn. "I actually studied medicine for a few years."

"You did? What happened?"

"I decided to follow a different path."

I looked up the path in front of me, wishing there was a different one to follow. "Okay, you can go ahead now. I'll meet you up there. Mischa will need you."

Using my stronger leg, I tried to push off on the pedal, but the incline was still too steep and I fell to the side again, barely catching myself on a trembling leg.

Rueben's hand shot out and steadied my handlebars. "I'm not going anywhere. Mish is safe with the others. Why don't we walk for a while?"

"Because that will take ten times longer, and you shouldn't have to wait around for the stupid fat girl." Tears started dripping again, and a searing hunger gnawed in my belly. I would have eaten a live kangaroo if it had jumped close enough in that moment. The hatefulness of being both fat and hungry wasn't fair; wanting to change one and being unable to control the other.

His voice was soft. "You're not stupid, Karla. But you're tired and hurting and probably in shock - Bailey told me what you guys saw back there. I'm not leaving you alone here. I'll walk up with you."

It didn't escape my knowledge that he hadn't denied that I was fat, and the shame burned inside my heart, more painful than my torn skin.

It took us hours. I didn't know how many, but it was way more than Google could have anticipated. My breath raked like fire over the back of my parched throat, so I didn't try speaking to Rueben as we made our way around the second hairpin turn and up the final slope. Even my brain fell silent, my whole being consumed with simply putting one foot in front of the other, leaning heavily on the handlebars.

But Rueben was there for every step, pacing me, waves of silent support radiating in my direction. He didn't pretend he was rescuing me or being heroic; he simply walked beside me and it was enough.

After about twenty or so years, the road finally flattened out. A sign indicated a lookout parking bay ahead, and we saw a campfire burning in the dusky light. "We made it," I whispered.

"We did." Rueben paused for a second. "Karla, I just wanted to say... You keep calling yourself fat..."

"Because I am," I said simply. We hadn't stopped moving, but we'd slowed down, the finish line in sight.

"I've spent enough time around women to know not to debate you on how you feel about your body," he said, a smile in his voice. "Fat is just a feature, though. It's not who you are. Being fat doesn't mean that you're stupid, or lazy, or useless. Or unattractive."

who "Ha." I spoke mirthlessly. "I think there's a lot of people who would disagree with you there."

"Because different people find different things attractive. There will be people that find you unattractive, sure, but you can say that about every person on the planet." His eyes darkened as his head tilted towards me. "Others might think that you're gorgeous."

Exhausted and defenceless, I turned my face away from his, unable to bear the weight of the hope he was offering me. "Well, when you find this merry band of fat-worshipping single dudes, please send them in my direction."

"Karla-"

"Rueben, I need to sit down before I fall down. Come on." I wheeled my bike away from him, cutting off the thread hope that threatened to wind around my heart and suffocate me.





We made it, lovely reader! 20k words, knocked out of the park! Thanks for sticking with the story - when I really dig a tale, I get a bit obsessed with writing, and that's where I'm at with this book right now. I would rather write than read or see friends or pee or anything that isn't being at the keys. This is good news for you reading the story, because chapters are going to come thick and fast - expect more updates in the next day or so :)

We made it, lovely reader! 20k words, knocked out of the park! Thanks for sticking with the story - when I really dig a tale, I get a bit obsessed with writing, and that's where I'm at with this book right now. I would rather write than read or see friends or pee or anything that isn't being at the keys. This is good news for you reading the story, because chapters are going to come thick and fast - expect more updates in the next day or so :) We made it, lovely reader! 20k words, knocked out of the park! Thanks for sticking with the story - when I really dig a tale, I get a bit obsessed with writing, and that's where I'm at with this book right now. I would rather write than read or see friends or pee or anything that isn't being at the keys. This is good news for you reading the story, because chapters are going to come thick and fast - expect more updates in the next day or so :) The chapter pic is a photo of the hairpin turn on the Macquarie Pass, an actual road in New South Wales. If you're enjoying the adventure so far, please leave me a vote or a comment. xx Kate

The chapter pic is a photo of the hairpin turn on the Macquarie Pass, an actual road in New South Wales. If you're enjoying the adventure so far, please leave me a vote or a comment. xx Kate The chapter pic is a photo of the hairpin turn on the Macquarie Pass, an actual road in New South Wales. If you're enjoying the adventure so far, please leave me a vote or a comment. xx Kate





Chapter 9


"God, I miss my phone."

"I miss TV. I'll never know how The Walking Dead ends."

"I miss iTunes."

"Ew, who would miss that garbage fire? I miss Spotify."

"I miss Uber Eats."

"I'm a Menulog person myself."

"I miss all food delivery."

"I miss porn."

"Oh my god, I hadn't even thought about porn!"

"Crusty collections of ancient Playboys are about to skyrocket in value."

"Gross. I miss E-Bay. And Amazon. And Wish. And-"

"It's been less than two days," interjected Simon, leaning forward to throw another log on the bonfire. "You young people could just pretend that we're camping instead of whinging."

"There's no 'pretend' here. This is camping." I gestured around at our campsite, a gaggle of small tents around the bonfire we'd built. We'd found a fresh water creek running nearby and had splashed our faces and refilled our bottles, before adjourning to the camp fire and eating a tin of soup each, heating the cans hobo-style over the flames. My belly rumbled for more, and I was glad when Simon threw us each a small block of dark chocolate he'd squirreled away

is The experience still felt novel, like an adventure rather than a permanent way of life. Mischa had fallen into bed an hour ago, but the adults lingered by the fire, staring at the coals and chatting chirpily, throwing treats to Bella until she curled up inside her carrier.

We were just whistling in the dark though; looking for distraction from the horror of what we'd seen in the carpark earlier that day. Every time I closed my eyes or the conversation stalled, I saw the spray of blood from the back of the cop's head, and a cold sweat formed on my skin. Normally there'd be a series to binge or something to podcast, anything to give our brains a break. Instead, we half-heartedly listed off what we missed about our old lives as if they were years behind us rather than less than 48 hours ago.

"God, I'm bored," said Nev. She stood and stretched, her perky breasts pushed up until they almost touched her chin. I noticed Bailey watching her, longing written all over their face.

Nev settled in front of Bailey and leaned back on their legs. "Some tell us a story," she demanded.

"Uh... I can recite Aladdin word for word, if that helps," I said. "The animated one, not the Will Smith one."

"No, not that kind of story. Like a story about people's lives." Nev blinked her large eyes, her lashes still thick and camel-like without the benefit of mascara. "Like, I'm spending all day every day for weeks with youse- you guys. Don't you think we should know more about each other?"

The fire crackled as we awkwardly stared at one another. Then Bailey coughed and said, "Yeah, okay. What do you want to know?"

"Oo, yay." Nev clapped and turned to face Bailey. "You're right, we need a theme. How about... 'the one who hurt me?'"

"That's a very long list," said Bailey, deadpan. "If I start that story, we might never get out of here."

"Please, Bailey?" She stroked their knee, and I saw Bailey's jaw tighten, desire and frustration building behind their eyes.

"Fine." They shrugged and gave in, then cast their eyes to the sky, searching for the words. "It's hard to pin it down to 'one.' It's my whole family, but since my dad is the head of the household, I guess it's him. Although, he answers directly to Jesus apparently, so maybe it's the Lamb of God who I should really hold responsible."



I knew a short version of Bailey's story, disclosed to me after a night of red wine on a Father's Day Sunday we spent getting excessively drunk. I never imagined that they'd share their tale sober among strangers.

But the fire flickered between us like a hypnotic belly dancer, casting us all in warm light and creating a sheltered, safe space. Bailey spoke. "I grew up in a household where God was everywhere. My dad is the pastor of a mega-church, one that he grew himself from the rented room of a community centre into the biggest church complex in the city."

"Which church?" asked Nev, her voice awed.

Bailey sighed. "Gospel Mountain Chorus."

Even Simon looked impressed. "That place is a behemoth. They've got a childcare centre, a skatepark, two restaurants, a food bank, a health clinic, a two thousand seat auditorium, and all those music albums."

"How do you know about GMC?" I asked. "You're not a Christian soldier. More of a Satanic minion, if anything."

"I'm an alcoholic," he replied. "I've been to every outreach in the Greater Sydney area at least once."

"What was growing up like, Bailey?" asked Rueben, drawing the conversation back on track.

"It was... intense. God was part of every meal, every event, every Sunday. My dad was God's right-hand man, my mum was his perfect wife, who bore him perfect twins, my brother and sister. My older sister was a clone of my mum and just as demure and sweet, a praise and worship leader. My older brother was strong and masculine, the youth group leader, everything a strapping Christian lad should be."

Bailey laughed bitterly. "And then I came along, the 'miracle baby' – which everyone knows is code for 'the accidental baby your parents had because they assumed your mum's ovaries had dried up.' I'm thirteen years younger than the twins, which was a such an obvious portent of bad luck, they should have just floated me Moses-style down a river as a baby and never looked back.

"There wasn't a place for me in my own family. The textbook son role was taken, the flawless daughter spot occupied. I looked at my siblings, and I knew I could never be like either of them. I didn't ever feel like a girl or a boy, way back from the time I could talk. My mother would push gendered clothing and toys on me, and I'd find a way to thwart her efforts. Teachers would try to tell me, 'but that's not what little whatevers do' and I'd laugh at them, say 'but I'm not a whatever. I'm me.'"

Bailey's unique silver eyes darkened in the low light. "One day, when I was just about to start high school, my dad sat me down. 'Bailey, you're a teenager now, on your way to being an adult. It's not God's will for you to be like this.'"

" By this ? What did he mean?" asked Nev.

By this "Like me. Like I am now. I wore clothing that didn't conform to a gender, and my dad hated it. I refused to wear my hair in a way that easily identified me as a girl or a boy, and my mum wept. At church, I was constantly embarrassing my parents because anytime I'd hear them describing our family, saying 'oh, we have the twins, a girl and a boy, then our youngest, another-' and I'd jump in saying, 'A Bailey. Their youngest is a Bailey.'

"So my dad tried the good-Christian lectures, and when that didn't work, he tried force. They cleaned out my closet, leaving only the proper, gendered clothing he wanted me to wear. I'd walk straight into the nearest Salvation Army clothing store, and trade my name-brand gear for second hand tees and jeans. When I found an online support group who actually made me feel good about myself for the first time in my life and encouraged me to use they/them pronouns and taught me about terms like pansexual and bisexual, my dad took away my computer and phone, tried to cut me off from the only people who understood me. I used the local library computers instead. I refused to give up who I was."



"In year nine, I dated a guy and a girl – not at the same time, but at different points during the year." Bailey twisted their hands, pulling at their cuticles. "I was happy, having experiences, finding myself. But someone from church saw me making out in a carpark with the 'wrong' gender and told my dad."

The silence that followed was awful. "What happened, Bailey?" Simon asked.

"My dad... He locked me inside my room for a week, like a prisoner. No phone, no contact with the outside world, meals on trays, only a Bible as reading material. Every day, he would come in and prayer over me for hours. Dear heavenly father, please wash my child clean. Please heal the black rot in their soul. Show them the way back to the light. They had a doctor, one of the church members, prescribe me meds that made me dizzy and sleepy and numb, and I lost all sense of time. It was just dad, my room, and a very angry god.

Dear heavenly father, please wash my child clean. Please heal the black rot in their soul. Show them the way back to the light. "When they finally let me out, I was like a POW, blinking and dazed. My dad drove me to church and sat me down next to the pulpit. 'You have a choice, Bailey. Either you step into the light with God and your family, and put all of this evil aside, or you choose a path of shame and damnation, and we cannot walk beside you anymore. You will no longer be part of this family.'"

Bailey sniffed angrily, tears glinting in the firelight. "I was only 15. And he made me choose."

"Oh, B..." Nev knelt up and wiped Bailey's cheeks with such compassion, I felt tears rise in my own eyes. "That wasn't fair. You were just a kid."

"What makes it worse is... I chose them." A sob escaped from Bailey, a guttural, hopeless noise. "I loved my family, and I was scared, so I chose them and tried to 'be normal.' I wore the 'right' clothes, and let people use the 'right' pronouns, and left my chat group.

"And it worked for a few months – I had them fooled. But I couldn't quite give up seeing the 'wrong' person, the one I'd been busted kissing. Every few weeks, when the pressure built up, when I felt like I wanted to tear my skin off or drown myself rather than keep living a lie, I'd call my ex, and we'd go somewhere and make out, and for a few precious minutes, I'd feel like myself again."

Nev had perched next to Bailey on the log, clutching their hand tightly. Bailey squeezed her fingers gratefully then closed their eyes, as if the next memory was too much to bear. "One day, my parents were away on a couples' bible retreat, and I was desperate. I was sixteen and alone and feeling so messed up and wishing I was dead. So I called my ex and asked them to come over."

Bailey's smile was tortured. "It was actually a really beautiful night. We had sex – my first time - and it was good. I was intimate with someone who accepted me and cared for me, and just for those few hours, I was wholly myself. We fell asleep, naked and smiling.

"And that's how my sister found us the next morning. She'd come over to check on me while Mum and Dad were away, and she literally screamed when she walked into my room. I begged her, cried and pleaded and begged her not to tell Dad, but she looked at me like I wasn't even human. 'You've brought this filth into their home, they have a right to know.'"

Bailey had begun to shiver. I don't think they even realised; their gaze was distant and pained. "I spent the next few hours sobbing, terrified. I thought about killing myself, just making it all end, but I knew that it would only make things worse for my parents, and I still hoped, stupidly, that one day they could find a way to love me as I am.

"Dad came home, alone. I'd never seen him so silent, so furious. He threw me into the car and drove us to Queensland, ten hours straight without saying a word. I sat next to him and cried and apologised and asked for forgiveness, but he didn't even look at me."



Rueben asked, "Where did he take you?"

"A Christian boarding school on the Gold Coast. He dumped me at the school office, left me standing in the clothes I was wearing, and drove off." Bailey's teeth clenched. "They'd organised for a credit card to cover my incidentals, and that was it. I started at school the next day, and I never heard from my family again."

"Never?" Nev gasped.

"No. Not on my birthday, not at Christmas, not when I was hospitalised for appendicitis. They paid for my last three years of schooling, covered my living expenses, but they never answered my calls or replied to my emails. I wasn't allowed to come home on the holidays, and after I came down to Sydney by bus one Easter and tried to see my mum outside of church, they took out an intervention order against me. And the day I turned eighteen, they completely cut me off."

"Bailey, I'm so sorry," I said.

"It was probably for the best," they said, full lips twisting bitterly. "The school was actually pretty supportive – they let me use my preferred pronouns and wear whatever I was comfortable in. And I never worried about anything because the worst had already happened."

Simon's voice was thick with emotion. "That's a hell of a thing to go through, kid."

"It wasn't that bad. I was never beaten or anything."

"They drugged you and disowned you. That's abuse." I spoke, my words strong in the night air.

Bailey nodded, accepting.

Simon continued. "Seems to me that any one stupid enough to still believe in God would have to bow to the logic that God intended for you to be who you are and they shouldn't try to change that. After all, it's not like you're murdering babies or anything."

I flinched and hoped no one saw. Across from me, I saw Rueben frown, his eyes trained on me. Uneasy, I spoke up to draw attention away from my weird reaction. "Bailey, you know you are always welcome to be exactly who you are with us."

Nev nodded earnestly. "Yeah! And not everyone who believes in God is like that, either. My nonna, she's about as churchy as they come, and she was the first one to hug my cousin when he came out a few years ago, and my parents don't care who I bring home as long as they're happy to say grace with us."

"Thanks, everyone," said Bailey, a thread of optimism in their voice that I strongly attributed to Nev's statement about bringing home less-than-traditional dates.

We spent a few more minutes around the glowing coals, then one by one, we drifted off to our separate tents, solemn but somehow bound closer. I lingered, waiting to see if Rueben would turn in, and felt thrilled that he stayed beside me.

"Hi," I said, twisting on my stump to face him.

"Hi. How are you feeling after your fall?"

"I'm okay." I lifted the sleeve of my sweater to show him the plaster over my elbow that I'd slapped on after washing in the creek earlier. "Just a little sore from riding, really."

"Do you want a shoulder rub?" Rueben lifted his hands, fingers gently curled in invitation.

Several muscles - low and intimate muscles - clenched reflexively. "Yes," I said, my voice cracking slightly. I wanted to be touched so badly, it was stronger than the hunger that growled in my stomach.

I crossed to where he sat and positioned myself between his legs. His thighs touched on either side of my shoulders, and instinctively, I wrapped my arms around his calves, locking us in together.

His hands dropped onto my neck, and every hair stood on end as if we were conducting large amounts of static. A small groan escaped me as his fingers began to knead the tight knots of my shoulders, and my body dissolved to mush under his touch.

Does he like me? I felt like a sixteen year old again, obsessing over a crush. I mean, I think I like him, not like love or anything, but like him. Does this mean he likes me? Or is he just being nice? Surely guys don't give massages to girls they don't like. Do they?

Does he like me? I mean, I think I like him, not like love or anything, but like him. Does this mean he likes me? Or is he just being nice? Surely guys don't give massages to girls they don't like. Do they? My eyes had drifted shut – all the better to obsess, my dear – and I let my head fall to the side until it leaned on his knee. "That's really good," I said, husky.

"I'm glad."

He kept rubbing, his hands working from my shoulders to my lower back. No way is this a platonic massage , I decided as his fingers skimmed up my neck and into my hair, lovingly caressing my scalp. I'll say something. Kiss him. Something.

No way is this a platonic massage I'll say something. Kiss him. Something. "Rueben," I began, twisting towards him. "I-"

A loud belch interrupted me, and Simon staggered out from his tent, grumbling loudly. "If there is a god," he said, shoving his feet into his battered boots, "he should have made man's bladder big enough to last through the night."

He spotted us, and grinned. "Oh, massages, ay? I'll take one if they're on offer."

"Sure," responded Rueben uncertainly. "Um, tomorrow?"

"Sounds good!" Simon wandered off, staggering slightly.

I pushed to my feet. "I'm guessing there's a vodka-related reason his bladder is so full. Anyway, I should turn in."

"Karla, wait-"

"Thanks for the massage," I said quickly, face flaming and not even enough left of the campfire to blame. "And thanks for being there for me today. You're a good addition to our fellowship."

"You have my axe," he replied without missing a beat, his white teeth bright in the darkness as he grinned. "If I had an axe, that is."

Oh god, he's a nerd too. I was a complete sucker for someone as geeky as me. Swallowing hard, I scrambled for my tent before I could do anything embarrassing. "See you in the morning."

Oh god, he's a nerd too. "Good night, Karla." His voice was the last noise I heard that night besides the zip of my tent flap, but as I crashed into a deep sleep, I wished for one more sound: the zip opening again and for him to curl up next to me, share my sleeping bag and hold me as I slept.





The chapter pic is a photo of androgynous model Erika Linder, who I think is just divine and a very good inspiration for what Bailey might look like. Bailey's story is a mash up of true tales from my LGBTI friends over the years. If you identify as LGBTI, and you are made to feel ashamed or afraid because of who you are, I hope you have access to help. In Australia, reach out to Qlife.org.au.

The chapter pic is a photo of androgynous model Erika Linder, who I think is just divine and a very good inspiration for what Bailey might look like. Bailey's story is a mash up of true tales from my LGBTI friends over the years. If you identify as LGBTI, and you are made to feel ashamed or afraid because of who you are, I hope you have access to help. In Australia, reach out to Qlife.org.au. The chapter pic is a photo of androgynous model Erika Linder, who I think is just divine and a very good inspiration for what Bailey might look like. Bailey's story is a mash up of true tales from my LGBTI friends over the years. If you identify as LGBTI, and you are made to feel ashamed or afraid because of who you are, I hope you have access to help. In Australia, reach out to Qlife.org.au. I have three more chapters ready to post. Would you like another? ;) Please remember to vote, and thanks for following me along on this serial journey xx Kate

I have three more chapters ready to post. Would you like another? ;) Please remember to vote, and thanks for following me along on this serial journey xx Kate I have three more chapters ready to post. Would you like another? ;) Please remember to vote, and thanks for following me along on this serial journey xx Kate





Chapter 10


"So, do you like him or not?" asked Nev with complete tactlessness the next day.

"Nev!" I hissed. "Keep your voice down!"

"Why?" She glanced around. "There's no one here."

She had a point. We'd been on the road for a few hours – a road that blessedly sloped down the entire way – but the rest of the group had powered ahead. Nev had hung back with me, although I wasn't sure why. I was slow because I was fearfully conserving energy, but she was fit enough to outpace us all.

"I... I don't know," I said, reluctant to say too much. I'd known Nev for two years, had hired her straight out of high school as a social media prodigy and encouraged her to start her to start her certificate in digital media studies, but she'd never been my confidant. Bailey fielded my secrets, but Nev and I weren't friends in the same way.

I'd tried not to think about why. Part of it was our age difference, but that didn't seem to matter between me and Simon. Part of it was that Nev could be childish and vague. But in my raw moments, I could admit to myself that it was probably a fundamental difference of ilk: she was beautiful, I was not.

I didn't want to be the petty person affected by that kind of stuff, but realistically, I'd always connected with people about the same level of attractiveness as me – about a five or a six out of ten, maybe a seven if they were really lovely. Nev was a nine, a different species.

We didn't even speak the same language. Nev was Pilates and cross-fit and paleo and leggings and Sephora and Zara and skinny-pops. I was Harry Potter marathons and toffee ice cream and camembert and budgets and couch time and pyjamas and novels. A good weekend for Nev consisted of wearing shiny tight things and dancing with strangers. A good weekend for me was finishing a book at 3am on a Saturday night, safe in the knowledge I could sleep in on Sunday. Zero commonality.

Not to say I didn't like Nev, because I did. She was fiercely intelligent about her passions (Insta, her dog, tanning lotion) and she was an optimist and a hard worker. I decided to trust her with a piece of my heart, saying, "I'm not sure how I feel about Rueben. I barely know the guy."

"So?"

"So," I said exasperated, "I've only known him a few days and I'm not sure if now is the best time to start something."

"Why not?"

Sometimes, Nev's incessant curiosity was valuable. Today, it was annoying. "Because! What if I say something, and he doesn't feel that way, and I make this entire trip so awkward, he doesn't even want to take us to Tassie anymore? Besides, I kind of tried to start something the other night and he shot me down."

"The other night when you were drunk?" Nev examined a nail as she cruised along beside me. "Girl, I would have turned you down too. You were a hot mess."

"Thanks." I paused. "There's also someone else, a guy waiting for me in Tasmania. My ex."

"Oo, mysterious exes are my favourite! So, why not have Rueben on the road, and eat your cake too when we get to the farm?"

"I'm not that person, Nev."

"Things change."

"Not that much."

"Yes, that much! Look, all I'm saying is that everything is changing – we don't have to be who we were before this. We can be whoever we want, try new things. Look at me!"

She threw her arms out wide like eagle wings. Her loose hair streamed behind her like a banner, her toned legs brown and long. "This is the longest I've ever been without makeup since I was twelve," she confessed, giggling and grabbing the handlebars again, "and I couldn't be happier. Although I'd love a shower."



"Yeah, that's the other thing..." I sniffed myself and made a face. "I'm ripe. I don't want to smell me, let alone expose someone else to this stench."

I "We all smell. No biggie."

"No biggie? From the girl that used to panic if she didn't douse herself in KKW fragrance every hour."

"I told you, I'm a changed woman." Nev's face grew uncharacteristically serious. "I've always been in a pretty crowd. Like at school, my friends were the hottest girls – we were nice, we weren't mean girls – but we were super-hot, and if you skipped a day of perfectly applied false lashes or ate too many m&m's at a sleepover, someone would say something."

"I thought being pretty came naturally," I said.

"Being pretty is a product," Nev corrected me. "A marketable skill. I have such a huge following online because people expect to see me looking a certain way. Even when school finished, I still had these beautiful people around me, and next thing you know, I can't even sleep next to someone, just in case they wake up before me and see me with my lipliner smudged and my panda eyes smeared everywhere. The hell you cop if you don't look exactly like your Tinder pic – someone will throw you out of bed saying that you've 'tricked' them, like having period bloat makes you a liar."

exactly "That's why I don't use Tinder. Way easier to get really drunk and go home with someone desperate and just as drunk as you."

Nev rolled her eyes churlishly. "So I guess you shouldn't have an issue then with jumping in Rueben's tent?"

"Yeah, right in next to his eight-year-old daughter – sew sex-ay ."

sew sex-ay Her mouth formed a confused moue. "Why don't you like Mish? She's a cool kid, she reminds me of my nieces."

"I don't have nieces," I said, avoiding the question as we pushed our way up a slight incline. The trees had fallen away now, from the thick mountain bush to dry, rolling farm fields. A few sheep wandered around and cows clustered beneath tin shelters, but we didn't see any people. Ahead lay the freeway, dotted with stationary cars, snaking its way south.

"You didn't answer the question – why don't you like kids?"

"I do like kids." My voice hitched, and I cleared my throat hastily. "Nev, please let this go. I'm not going to force myself on a guy I'm not even sure likes me."

"Why not? It's easy. Tonight, you just walk right up to him, look him in the eyes and say, 'Rueben, I like you. Do you like me?' and if he says yes, then say, 'great – wanna sleep in my tent tonight?' And you're sorted!"

My blood ran icy at the thought. "Oh my god, Neve, no."

She grinned, her perfectly straight teeth flashing in the sun. "I'll just go ask him then." She stood up on her pedals and powered away cackling.

"What? You're not serious, are you? Nev!" I raced after her, and together we sped down the onramp and onto the freeway, the road that would lead us all the way to Melbourne.

We stopped for lunch at a church just off the road, a beautiful Catholic shine in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by lush green grounds. A light rain fell as we ate under a rotunda, chewing beef jerky while Mischa ran around with Bella in the damp grass.

I watched the little girl play, my chest tightening and my fists curling. She was open and happy and not a burden. I loathed her. I loathed myself. My nails dug into the soft flesh of my palms and release flowed through me at the painful bite of my skin breaking. "Let's keep moving," I yelled suddenly. "We want to make Goulburn by dark."



Back on the road, the bad feelings faded, helped by the constant ache in my legs and the agony of the bike seat between my butt cheeks. The ride became a solitary event, with everyone pedalling in single file in silence.

We're tired. Even Mischa was flagging, falling behind the adults for the first time since we'd started riding. Our convoy slowed to accommodate her, and I started to stress that we wouldn't make the next town by dark.

We're tired. Bailey rode up to join me, the two of us leading the pack. "Hey, I've been thinking... Since we saw that stuff go down yesterday, I don't know how safe it is for us to ride straight into towns we don't know."

"I've been worrying about that too," I admitted, the visual of the cops crumpling under fire never far from my subconscious.

"I checked the maps when we stopped – there's a servo and caravan park just a bit further past Goulburn. They should still have water because the town runs on a reservoir that doesn't need electricity, and it might be safer than going into town. What do you think?"

"As long as we can get off the road by sunset. We'll need to hurry."

"I don't think Mischa can go any faster."

"Then they can catch up." I hardened my heart and pushed ahead, feeling Rueben and his daughter drop away behind us.

A few hours later, just as the sun dropped low against the flat horizon and cast everything in golden light, we pulled into the Big Merino – literally a giant concrete sheep the size of a four-storey building, the Aussie wool industry's equivalent of the Statue of Liberty. Except way more stupid.

Nev, Simon, Bailey and I circled the car park and stared up at the massive merino. "Oo, can we climb it?" asked Nev breathlessly.

"Knock yourself out," I said, dismounting. "I wonder if there's any food inside the service station."

"And we should check the gift shop." Bailey sniffed themselves. "I could use a clean shirt."

"I like the way you smell, Bailey," said Nev, hugging them from behind. Bailey's arms went slack, their face frozen in pleasure from her touch.

"Th-thanks."

"Why don't you two check the gift shop? Simon, let's see if the servo is open." Internally grinning, I left my friends to explore together, unable to prevent myself from hoping that there was something more than friendship blooming between them.

The service station doors hung open like broken teeth. "Dammit..." I'd been willing the store to be filled to the brim with sugary sealed drinks and long-life fatty snacks, but as we stepped inside, we saw that most of the shelves had been emptied.

Simon and I salvaged what we could from the rejects, collecting warm bottles of Mountain Dew, packs of orange flavoured gum, bags of salt and pepper cashews and other oddities. When I discovered a sealed box of Toblerones behind the counter, I ripped one open and crammed it in my mouth, moaning at the sweetness of the treat.

Outside, Nev and Bailey greeted us excitedly. "Look what we found! One for each of us!"

Nev threw me a tee in a bright mint colour with a black silhouette of a sheep and a printed slogan that declared, "Sheep happens."

"Thanks," I said, unable to muster much enthusiasm. "Let's see if the caravan park has a working shower block."

We rode next door, to the Goulburn Valley Caravan Park, a sprawling complex behind a fence topped with barbed wire. The front gates were closed, but there was a small gatehouse to the left, and just inside the gates, a squat building labelled Tent Zone - Bathrooms and Laundry.

Tent Zone - Bathrooms and Laundry.

Thank god. I hadn't showered since Tuesday morning, and it was now Thursday. My skin itched and I stank, and my only thought was getting under running water, even if it was cold, and cleansing every inch of myself.

Thank god. Maybe that's why I didn't show any caution, running straight up to the gates and attempting to yank them open. "Guys, come and help me!"

They rushed forward and together we heaved at the heavy wooden blockade. "It's moving!" I grunted.

"It better not be," replied a hard voice from behind us, followed by the unmistakable click of a rifle being cocked.

We froze. My guts loosened in fear. Slowly, we turned to face the woman who held us at gunpoint.

She was about my mum's age, but her features were as stony as the giant carved sheep next door. Her short brown hair was tucked beneath an Akubra, and she wore stained jeans under a flannel shirt. A no-nonsense country woman with a very large gun in her hands that she aimed at us calmly.

"Get the hell out of here, and no one gets hurt," she said, her voice raspy.

"I'm sorry," I said, backing away from the gate. "We just wanted-"

"I don't care." She took a step forward, and we fell backward, scattering in fright. "This is my joint, and you're not taking it from me."

"We're not trying to." Bailey held up their hands. "We just wanted to shower and camp for the night."

"And what the hell are you supposed to be?" she sneered at Bailey.

"That's my mate," growled Simon. "And gun or not, watch your goddamn words."

"This is my property, I can say what I want. And shoot who I want." She stepped forwards again, her eyes squinting in rage.

I forced the others back. "We're going, okay? No one has to get shot here."

"Hey!" Rueben's voice rang out along the road, and the woman swung her shotgun in his direction.

"No!" Mischa! Pure instinct compelled me to run into her line of fire, protecting the child. Blocking her shot, I begged, "They're with us! We have a kid with us, please don't shoot!"

Mischa! I heard Mischa cry, "Daddy? Daddy!" and I prayed that if the woman shot, I'd be at least killed quickly.

Daddy!" Her face changed as she noticed Mischa, and her jaw dropped open. The barrel of the gun lowered. "You've got a kid with you?"

"My daughter." Rueben's voice. He stepped beside me and interlaced his fingers with mine, drawing me back. "She's eight."

"Please," I said, my voice as calm and soothing as I could make it. "We were just looking for shelter. We'll go. Please let us go."

"My granddaughter is eight," replied the woman. Her eyes had softened. "She's here for the school holidays. I've got her and twenty grey nomads here, and I'm the one who has to keep them all safe."

"We're no threat to you."

"Two men tried to break in yesterday, said they were going to take our supplies. I had to shoot one of them in the leg."

I said, "We have our own supplies. We're headed for Melbourne, and we just wanted a safe place to spend the night. I'm sorry we made you feel threatened."

She considered us for another long moment, then nodded. "Alright. One night. You can stay in the Tent Zone. If you try to approach the caravans, you will be shot. Got it?"

Everyone made noises of assent.

"I'm Bev," she said gruffly. I noticed she didn't unload the gun as she unlocked the gates and ushered us inside. "Toilet blocks are there. Water's still running, none of it hot."

"Thank you," said Rueben.

"Can I play with your granddaughter?" asked Mischa, her little voice far too cheerful for the atmosphere. "She can meet Bella. That's the puppy."

"I'll... I'll see. Maybe." The woman who'd come perilously close to killing us backed away suspiciously and left us alone in the Tent Zone, which was completely bereft of tents.

Rueben still held my hand, and he squeezed my fingers, asking, "Are you okay?"

"I need the bathroom." I hadn't actually crapped myself, but I'd come close. I'd always thought that was an exaggeration, loosing your bowels in fear, but if I didn't get to a toilet in the next thirty seconds, there would be trouble.

"Karla... I have to say..."

"Not now," I said, pushing past him. "Whatever it is, tell me later."

I sprinted for the breeze-blocked building, barely ripping my tights down with enough time before landing on the toilet seat.

I shat my guts out and cried, my sobs muffled against the thick walls and corrugated tin roof, a thousand miles from my family, in a world that no longer felt safe.





If you've ever been in Australia, you'll know that we have an obsession with 'big' things - we have a Big Banana, the Big Pineapple, the Big Prawn - and yes, the Big Merino, check out the chapter pic :)

If you've ever been in Australia, you'll know that we have an obsession with 'big' things - we have a Big Banana, the Big Pineapple, the Big Prawn - and yes, the Big Merino, check out the chapter pic :) If you've ever been in Australia, you'll know that we have an obsession with 'big' things - we have a Big Banana, the Big Pineapple, the Big Prawn - and yes, the Big Merino, check out the chapter pic :) I'm so appreciative of you, my amazing reader - for picking up a story when it's young and trusting that I'll get you there. I have a few unfinished works on my shelf at the moment, so I've lost a bit of credibility when it comes to completing tales - I am committed to this one, because it's a story that I'm writing for me. Sometimes I start a book for a specific publishing angle, or for a competition, or because I think it will be popular. This story came from pure need to write it, nothing else.

I'm so appreciative of you, my amazing reader - for picking up a story when it's young and trusting that I'll get you there. I have a few unfinished works on my shelf at the moment, so I've lost a bit of credibility when it comes to completing tales - I am committed to this one, because it's a story that I'm writing for me. Sometimes I start a book for a specific publishing angle, or for a competition, or because I think it will be popular. This story came from pure need to write it, nothing else. I'm so appreciative of you, my amazing reader - for picking up a story when it's young and trusting that I'll get you there. I have a few unfinished works on my shelf at the moment, so I've lost a bit of credibility when it comes to completing tales - I am committed to this one, because it's a story that I'm writing for me. Sometimes I start a book for a specific publishing angle, or for a competition, or because I think it will be popular. This story came from pure need to write it, nothing else. So please stick with me - votes and comments help immensely, which is a weird concept - you click a star or type a few words on your end, but for me, they give me hope that I'm on the right track and spending a sunny Sunday here in this world is time well spent.

So please stick with me - votes and comments help immensely, which is a weird concept - you click a star or type a few words on your end, but for me, they give me hope that I'm on the right track and spending a sunny Sunday here in this world is time well spent. So please stick with me - votes and comments help immensely, which is a weird concept - you click a star or type a few words on your end, but for me, they give me hope that I'm on the right track and spending a sunny Sunday here in this world is time well spent. Question - have you ever had an experience with a gun? I haven't (Australia has tight gun laws, with weapons only common in farming communities) but I'm curious if you have. Share below - see you soon,

Question - have you ever had an experience with a gun? I haven't (Australia has tight gun laws, with weapons only common in farming communities) but I'm curious if you have. Share below - see you soon, Question - have you ever had an experience with a gun? I haven't (Australia has tight gun laws, with weapons only common in farming communities) but I'm curious if you have. Share below - see you soon, xx Kate

xx Kate xx Kate





Chapter 11


It was a bizarre night, on par with the characters from Mad Max Fury Road throwing a barbeque in a nursing home.

The six of us had showered under lukewarm water in the chilly concrete stalls, then we washed our clothes and hung them to dry on the line next to the toilet block. In silence, we set up our tents around the firepit area, and sorted out food for dinner.

And standing over us the whole time, was Bev with her loaded weapon. She sat on a deckchair with a can of beer beside her, guarding the access between us and the caravan zone. Every few minutes, she'd sip from the can, then move the rifle so the barrel continued to follow our movements.

"Maybe we should just go," Bailey whispered at me as we lit the fire.

"I'm worried she'll think that's more suspicious. The best thing we can do is stay and show her she's got nothing to fear." My words were brave but my fingers shook as I struck a match and threw it into the kindling, flinching at the snap of the match and the way the spark looked like gunpowder igniting.

As night fell, we ate solemnly while Bella and Mischa tumbled around on the artificial grass that surrounded the kid's playground next to the bathrooms. Her light-hearted squeals of joy contrasted with the oppressive atmosphere Bev cast over us.

"Bev?" An elderly voice hailed our host, and we all turned to see a handful of people wandering towards the fire in the dark. "Is it safe? Are you okay?"

Bev's grunt was affirmative. "I'm watching them," she said, indicating the gun in her lap.

Another man held a second rifle. "Do you want a break?" He had to be eighty if he was a day.

Before Bev could answer, a delighted cry of, "Puppy!" rang out over the campsite, and a tiny girl with a massive halo of dark hair flew past the old folks and over to the playground.

She threw herself down next to Bella, who was lolling on her back. The girl looked up at Mischa sitting on a swing and asked, "What's her name?"

"That's Bella." Mischa hopped down and squatted next to the dog. "I'm Mischa."

"Bella's sooo cute!" Together they patted the belly of the fluff ball, who soaked up their attention with happy panting. "I'm Larissa."

"I like your hair."

"Thanks. It's called an Af-a-ro," she said carefully. "My mummy has one too."

"My mummy doesn't live with me."

"Neither does mine right now, but Nana says she's coming. Wanna play?"

"Okay!"

The two girls scampered up the rope ladder to the top of the slide while Bella yelped happily from below.

The adults watched in shameful silence. In less than thirty seconds, two eight year olds had shown more humanity than any of us, and everyone felt it. Bev cleared her throat. "She's a good girl, your daughter."

"She is," said Rueben from beside me. "I'm trying to get her to Tasmania."

"That's a long way," said one of the women who'd joined the group. "Patrick and I just drove up from Tassie. Beautiful part of the world. We loved it, didn't we, Pat?"

The other man with the gun nodded. "Yep. On our way back to see the grandkids in Sydney. Not sure what we'll do now," he added sadly.

"Do you want a gin?" said Simon, pulling a large bottle from somewhere. "No tonic, I'm afraid."

"I have a warm bottle of tonic water," said someone else. "A few of them, in my van."

"Does your little girl like sparklers? We've got a pack left over from Australia Day."



"Who wants a Toblerone?"

And a few minutes later, we were sitting with a dozen geriatrics sharing chocolate and gin and stories around the fire. Even Bev had pulled her chair forward and joined us, although she kept the gun on her lap.

Someone produced a guitar. "Pass it here. I can play," said Simon.

"What? No, you can't," said Nev.

"I can indeed." He strummed the strings and began to play something old and beautiful. It took me a moment to realise it was Fire and Rain, the ancient James Taylor hit.

The group fell quiet, listening to the music. It was like hearing the cry of the old world, of lost songs and lost hopes. Tears had begun to fall from my eyes without me even realising I was crying, and I wiped at them with my still shaking fingers.

Sudden warmth on my shoulders caused me to start in fright. "Sorry," said Rueben softly. "I think you might be in shock, Karla. You need to stay warm."

I pulled his coat tighter around me, grateful for the heat I hadn't known I was missing. "Thanks."

He sat next to me, close enough for me to feel secure, not so close it would have seemed strange to the others. His warm hand landed on my shivering fingers as they lay on the arm of the plastic chair, and he enfolded my hand inside his.

Simon played Rocket Man and Go Your Own Way, more upbeat tunes that had a few of the oldies singing along in croaky voices. Nev was transfixed. "You have to teach me!" she demanded. "I always wanted to play guitar, be the cool guitar playing girl."

"I can teach you," said Simon. "I taught my kids, I can teach you."

"Yay!" Nev danced over, and Simon laid the guitar in her lap, showing her how to strum a simple tune. Bailey watched her, entranced.

The little girls waved sparklers and toasted the marshmallows one of the nanas had produced. The caravaners regaled us with tales of their trips around the country until the fire burned low. "You remind me of my grandchild," said Patrick, chatting away with Bailey. "Sam's, whatddaya call it? Ambiguous?"

"Androgynous," smiled Bailey.

"That's the one. As I said to my Rotary Club, it doesn't matter what you call yourself or how you dress, as long as you're good people, I say."

"I agree," said a nana, leaning in eagerly. "Did you know that I had an affair with a woman once? Between my first and second husbands."

Patrick asked Bailey, "Are you single? I think you'd like my Sam - you'd be a very lovely couple."

"Umm..."

I whispered to Rueben. "We should rescue Bailey."

"No way," he whispered back, grinning. "This is too much fun to watch."

"Hey," I called out across the fire, "did everyone know that Rueben here was going to be a doctor? He went to med school and everything!"

The ears of every old person in the vicinity pricked up.

"You. Did. Not." He poked me with each word.

I snickered. "I did. Sorry not sorry."

They converged on Rueben, and he spent an hour listening to, my son is a podiatrist, what do you think about this mole, do you know if constipation means anything, check my blood pressure, scalp, boil scab, ingrown toenail. He caught my eyes at one stage, despair and amusement sharing equal parts in his voice as he explained again, "I'm not a GP. I'm sorry!"

my son is a podiatrist, what do you think about this mole, do you know if constipation means anything, check my blood pressure, scalp, boil scab, ingrown toenail.

The night grew late. The oldies drifted off to their warm caravans, doddery from the gin, wishing us well. Patrick elbowed Bev. "Come on, love. They'll be alright. They're good people."

She eased out of her chair and waved her gun at us. "I'll be sleeping with this next to me tonight, and I'm a light sleeper. Larissa, let's go."

Cries of "Aww!" from the girls echoed over the campsite as Larissa followed her grandmother away. Rueben stood, stretching. "I should tuck Mish in."

Then it was just me and my work crew. Nev was wrapping up a Beatles song while Simon dictated chords to her, and Bailey sat on the grass beside the fire watching them. At one stage, Nev glanced up and smiled at them, and Bailey smiled back, completely smitten.

As Nev concluded the tune, the three of us clapped. "Not bad," conceded Simon. "You'd do better without the talons."

Nev looked down at her artificial nails. "They'll be gone soon enough. Can't exactly get my infills done, can I?"

As she stared down, her eyes widened in horror. "Shit!"

"What?" I asked bolting upright, scanning the ground.

"Snake!"

In the flickering light, I scanned for what she'd seen. "There!" I pointed at the tail, and everyone followed its rapid undulations along.

We all saw it at the same time: the head of the snake, coiled and ready to strike next to Bailey's bare ankle.

"No!" Nev moved so fast, she was a blur, darting forward and reaching for the snake's tail. With a fierce yank, she pulled the snake away from Bailey then threw it as far as she could into the night. We watched it land and slither away, then turned in silence to face Nev.

"What?" She blushed, shrugging casually and saying, "I used to love watching Steve Irwin."

Bailey climbed to their feet, awestruck. "You are a goddess."

"Please," said Nev, pleased and abashed.

"No, I mean it." Bailey hugged her, enfolding her tightly. "Thank you. You... You're amazing, Nev."

Their hug lasted past the point where two people would normally separate, and continued to the point where Simon and I looked away, feeling like intruders in the moment. When I flicked my gaze back, I saw that Nev's hands were playing in Bailey's hair, and Bailey's hands gently stroked the small of Nev's back.

When they broke apart, Nev spoke simply. "Bailey, I like you. Do you like me?"

"Uh..." Bailey swallowed thickly. "Yeah, of course I like you, Nev. You're awesome."

Mortified for Nev, I held my breath, but she wasn't fazed. "No, Bailey - I have feelings for you. How do you feel about me?"

"I feel... I feel..." Fear overrode Bailey's features, and their breathing was shallow and fast. I watched them struggle, push to through the fear as if it was a physical barrier to say, "I feel something for you too."

"Great! Do you want to sleep in my tent tonight?"

Bailey nodded helplessly, wonder in their eyes.

She took them by the hand, and together they walked off to the tents – not before Nev turned and shot me a satisfied look. See? It's that easy!

See? It's that easy! Simon nodded in approval. "Good. About time those two sorted themselves out." He stood and stretched. "Feels like later than it is with no lights. I might as well turn in too."

He left, taking the remainder of the gin.

"Hey." Rueben was back, and he asked with a smile, "Did I just see Nev and Bailey crawl into the same tent?"

"You did." I explained about the snake and their hug. "Bailey's had a thing for her forever, but I've been a bit suspicious lately that she has a thing for Bailey. All the bickering they do, it's just like two high schoolers that can't get their act together and give it a-"

Shot. I swallowed the word, and a deep shudder racked my body.

Shot. Rueben eyed me carefully, his intelligent gaze analysing me. "Karla... You were incredibly brave today."

I waved his compliment away. "I solved the situation. It's what I do."

"You stepped in front of a gun to protect my daughter."

"Of course. She's a child."

"It doesn't seem as if you really like kids."

A long stick had fallen from the fire. I picked it up and poked it in the coals, watching them darken and glow and fall apart. "I don't not like kids."

"Karla, look at me."

Rueben gently pried the stick from my fingers, then dusted the ash off my palm. I kept my face turned down, not trusting myself to meet his eyes.

"You were prepared to die to save my daughter today, a child you've only known a couple of days. I'm grateful – I owe you so much, I'm not sure I can ever repay you – but that's not the actions of someone who 'doesn't not like kids.'"

He rubbed my palm with his thumb, and too many emotions gurgled inside me: hot lust, naked fear, deep sorrow. Numbness stole over me, a defence against the strength of the feelings. I pulled my hand out of his and tried to explain. "I... I was pregnant once. The pregnancy... It didn't work out. Seeing kids hurts me. I'm not trying to hate them, I used to love kids and babies, but I see them and all I can think is, 'my child should be five years old, but my child doesn't exist.'"

hurts "Oh, Karla. I'm sorry."

He opened his arms, but I shied away. "I don't need you to be sorry. No one needs to be sorry. I'm not missing a limb or suffering a TBI. I'm missing someone who never existed, which makes me a self-indulgent idiot."

"Grief is as real as any physical injury. Have you spoken to anyone about how you feel? A therapist, or a counsellor?"

"Nope. I don't have a problem." I picked up the stick again and tossed it into the fire, watching in satisfaction as it caught the flames around it. "I just need to not spend time around kids, then I don't have to think about the one who doesn't exist."

"Karla-"

Fury coursed out of the cracks in my shattered soul. I spat my words in his empathetic face. "So, if you could make sure your daughter stays out of the firing line if we encounter any more gun-wielding strangers in the future, that would be much appreciated. Or better yet, keep her out of my way altogether."

He blinked, backed off. "Okay. Whatever you want."

I don't want that. I wanted to have the capacity to love Mischa. I wanted to hug her close, make her giggle, teach her how to French braid. More than anything, I wanted her to meet my child, the one who'd never had a chance to be, and watch them play.

I don't want that. I couldn't tell him. It would be as raw and agonising as if I stripped naked in front of him. "Good," was the only response I could manage. My face turned back to the fire, letting the scalding heat burn the skin on my cheeks and chin.

Rueben stood next to me for a minute, then said softly, "Thank you for what you did, Karla. I'm glad I met you."

He left me standing by the fire. I ate another three Toblerones and went to bed still feeling empty.





Have you ever eaten your feelings? (Guilty...) Let me know in the comments below.

Have you ever eaten your feelings? (Guilty...) Let me know in the comments below. Have you ever eaten your feelings? (Guilty...) Let me know in the comments below. Chapters are coming thick and fast - please remember to vote, particularly if you've just joined us!

Chapters are coming thick and fast - please remember to vote, particularly if you've just joined us! Chapters are coming thick and fast - please remember to vote, particularly if you've just joined us! See you in a few days xx Kate

See you in a few days xx Kate See you in a few days xx Kate





Chapter 12


Rain. Before I was even awake, I was aware of the rain. My eyes cracked open, seeing the dark splotches on the tent roof, the steady sound soothing.

I wasn't ready to stick my head out and greet the soggy world just yet. I eased into a sitting position, tried to push away the bad thoughts: the slain cops, Bev's barrel pointing square at my heart, Rueben's pitying gaze, the taste of chocolate furtively eaten as a barrier against the feelings. Ugh. It wasn't that I'd thought going on a road trip of this magnitude would be as relaxing as a Fijian vacay, but this was turning into a Hunger Games spinoff, and I wasn't enjoying it.

Ugh. Squatting in the small space, I began to pack up and dress for the day. Tights... Where are my tights? I searched under my sleeping bag and the slender sleeping pad and dug through my backpack. No sign of them.

Tights... Where are my tights? I washed them! I grinned at having worked out the mystery, then my smile faded. Crap. I'd hung my tights and tee on the clothes line beside the toilet block – which was not undercover. In the steady rain, they were sure to be soaked.

I washed them! Crap. Thoughtfully, I considered my wardrobe options. I'd worn my stretchy work pants around the fire and while I slept, but they would be thick and unforgiving during a bike ride, particularly if they got wet. What if...? The cargos peeped from my backpack, and I tugged them out. Surely they'd fit. I'd spent two full days bike riding; I could feel the strength in my thighs and the soreness of my stomach muscles. I had to have lost weight.

What if...? But not only did Gandalf forbid the pants to pass the curve of my thighs, he raised his staff even sooner than the first time I'd tried the cargos on. "How the hell is that possible?" I grumbled out loud, knowing the answer and not wanting to face it head-on.

Still, my brain smugly catalogued everything I'd eaten since Tuesday, throwing each menu item in my face. Toblerone. Bread. Vodka. More bread. Pastries. Processed protein bars. Even more bread.

Toblerone. Bread. Vodka. More bread. Pastries. Processed protein bars. Even more bread. My stomach gurgled, advising loudly that bread sounded pretty good right now. "No," I said to myself, disgusted with everything. I was doomed to a day of cross-country cycling in business-pant synthetic fabric, seams stretching and cracking from moisture and movement, rubbing everywhere. It was my punishment, but perhaps I could earn back some grace. "Green stuff. That's what I need."

And where would that come from? I pictured a supermarket vegetable section in all its organised perfection, each cucumber flawless, the lettuces crispy, the broccoli lush. I swore a silent curse against my past self, a rage against each time she'd had access to something healthy and alive, and had chosen processed garbage instead.

And where would that come from? And there was an excellent chance I'd be eating only processed food for a long time, at least until I reached the farm. Maybe that's when my new, clean-living self would begin.

But then, the image of Dean marvelling at my slender form as I coasted up to my brother's house started to slip away, replaced by the picture of Dean's face creasing in pity and disgust, watching my giant butt waddle up the driveway.

No. I shook my head. I wasn't going to let it go down that way. If I couldn't eat green, I wouldn't eat at all. No more scavenged, packaged nonsense. I could diet right now.

No. You know you turn into a total bitch when you don't eat, murmured my stomach. "Well, it's not like I've been delightful so far anyway," I retorted, resigned to pulling on my work pants and not eating for as long as it took.

You know you turn into a total bitch when you don't eat, The next two days passed in a rainy blur. I'd never realised how much the precipitation would slow us down, but the driving spring showers made packing up our gear a battle. Already waterlogged, we bid farewell to Bev and co.



"Why didn't you eat your cereal?" asked Bailey through the sluicing downpour as we turned onto the road.

The oldies had offered us boxes of Coco Pops and Fruit Loops with long-life milk. I'd declined. "I'm not hungry," I said, extremely hungry.

We rode in the rain, miserable and silent. My hunger felt like a phantom limb, or a gnawing parasite, reminding me of its presence every minute of every hour.

The next major town was Yass, a five hour ride according to Maps. It took us eight. "Yass, bish," muttered Nev as we rode past the freeway exit. No one responded.

A McDonald's roadhouse lay empty just past the town, and we pulled around the back and camped for the night in the food truck loading bay. It was too windy to build a fire, so Simon distributed more energy bars and we each crawled into our tents, drained and cold and soggy. I dropped my bar back in Simon's trailer when no one was looking.

We awoke to more rain. Miserable, I packed up my gear, but as I staggered from a wave of dizziness, I bitterly smiled. A full twenty-four hours and I was already dizzy. Good. It was working. Soon, I'd be burning disgusting fat.

Good. With each push of my pedals that day, I berated myself, an insult for every metre. Fat. Lazy. Fat. Revolting. Unlovable. Unsexy. Fat. Fat. Fat. When the pelting shower seemed to waver around me and I almost rode off the highway into a ditch, a savage satisfaction streamed out my every pore. More dizziness, more weight loss.

Fat. Lazy. Fat. Revolting. Unlovable. Unsexy. Fat. Fat. Fat. Eat? asked my body.

Eat? Sure, I replied. As soon as we find something carb-free, sugar-free, fat-free. Until then, burn off what you're already carting around, lard-ass.

Sure, Until then, burn off what you're already carting around, lard-ass. It felt right. Rain, unending. Food deprived. Seeped in misery. It was what I deserved, a bleak existence for a chubby loser.

About five kilometres from our next stop at Gundagai, the sun finally emerged, the clouds speeding from the sky as if they'd never existed in the first place. "Yay!" I heard Mischa cry from the front of the convoy.

We paused where the freeway crossed the Murrumbidgee River and watched the glistening water flow beneath us. Dark smoke hung over the small city on the far side of the river and I didn't believe that it was coming from a campfire.

"I hear a horse," said Mischa, smoothing her damp hair from her forehead.

My stomach ached, partly from hunger, but mostly from wanting to dry Mischa's hair and wrap her in a fluffy towel.

"You're probably hearing the trees or something, Mish," said Rueben. He wrapped an arm around her shoulder and I looked away. Two full days of focusing on Dean and my future skinny self, and I'd almost managed to forget the way his kind eyes observed everything, the broad line of his shoulders, the way my body reacted to his.

"Wait... I hear it too," said Nev. She squeezed Bailey's hand, and I saw Bailey frown as they cocked their head.

"It is horses. Coming from that way." Bailey pointed south along the road, shiny from the rain, now shining in the sun.

Everyone looked, and in the distance a tiny shape appeared; a pair of horses pulling something behind them. "We should get off the road," I said authoritatively. "We're in the country, everyone has guns out this way."

"What if they can help us?" Rueben replied. "Or maybe we can help them?"

"Are you kidding me? The last time we trusted a stranger, I nearly got shot." I didn't pull my tone, allowing the vitriol I felt to steep into my words.



He frowned, hurt. "If we don't at least try to connect with other people, we're as bad as Bev, responding with gunfire to everyone."

"At least Bev is safe. We're hanging out here like an exposed ball sack."

"What's a ball sack?" asked Mischa.

Nev jumped in. "Like at your school, the big bag they keep all the play balls in." Nev's glare in my direction was icy, but I was beyond caring.

"You all trusted me to get us to Tasmania. We're not even halfway there, and we've seen two people killed and been held at gunpoint ourselves." I pointed at Gundagai, just beyond the river curve. "I doubt that fire is related to someone toasting marshmallows. People are asshats, and trusting anyone except the people in this group is a bad idea."

The clopping of the hooves drew closer. Simon broke the stalemate. "Right, all you young people, get off the road and hide. I'll greet whoever this person is."

"And if you get shot?" I snarled.

"Then you have one less mouth to feed." He waved us back. "Bury me with my vodka."

There wasn't time to debate further. Everyone who wasn't Simon dragged their bikes down the verge next to the freeway bridge. Rigid and panicked, the adults hid the bikes and Mischa beneath the underpass beside the river.

Bailey enfolded Nev against their chest, and her eyes darted around, her nails extended like weapons, fierce and ready for a fight. I knew they'd protect each other, each thinking the other needed them more. Mischa crawled up into the beams supporting the overpass, cooing as she peered into a birds' nest. Rueben followed her, and I stood alone, feeling like a weird extra toe clinging to an otherwise normal foot.

Staying low, I crept back up the hill and into a cluster of scratchy bushes beside the road. A few feet away, Simon leaned against the bridge railing with an uncorked scotch bottle to his lips.

"Of course," I muttered.

"Of course what?"

The nearness of the voice made me squeak. "Rueben, what the hell?"

He crouched beside me in the bushes, entirely too near for me to be comfortable. "I'm not leaving you up here alone to play martyr if anything goes wrong."

"I'm not a martyr," I hissed. "I just don't have as much to lose as the rest of you."

"That's not true."

"Bailey and Nev have each other. You have a daughter."

"And you have all of us." He reached for me, then gauging my expression, withdrew his hand. "Besides, we need you too."

Something stirred in me; beneath the fatigue and ketosis, the unfurling of something delicate. Hope. "You do?"

"Of course." He smiled easily. "It would be pretty weird if we rocked up at your parents farm without you."

"Right." I turned away, burned. That was my usefulness. Not as a person, but as an envoy, as a key master to their future and safety. As always, I fell just short of being treasured in my own right.

"Karla, are you okay?"

"Shh. They're here."

The horse hooves were closer now, loud and abrasive against the silence we'd become accustomed to on the empty roads. A man sat in the front of a wagon, and he slowed the horses to greet Simon. "You're not going to try and rob me or anything stupid, are you?" he growled, lifting a long shotgun from his lap.



Simon belched in his throat. "Nope. I just wanted to say hello."

The two men stared at each other, sizing up like two dogs circling. "I'm Paul," said the gunman.

"Simon. Where are you headed?"

"Canberra." Paul tilted his chin to the wagon he pulled. "I've got a load of veggies back here. I'm going there to trade. Me next door neighbour took a load up two days ago and he did well."

Simon nodded in approval. "You farmers, you're about to become the most important people in the country again, mate."

"You better believe it. Plus, no water bills anymore – we can draw from the river without worrying about the inspectors breathing down our necks. And you don't pay taxes on trades."

"Good on ya."

"Thanks. Where are you headed?"

"Tassie."

"That's a long way. How are you doing for supplies?"

"Hanging in there."

Paul nodded at the half-empty scotch bottle. "You seem like a man who appreciates a good trade. For the rest of the bottle, I can tell you where you can refill your supplies."

Simon handed it over without a beat. The farmer took a long slug from the bottle. "That's good stuff."

"It is indeed."

"Right, mate – about a hundred k's down the Hume, you'll get to Little Billabong Creek. Follow it for about five minutes, and you'll come to the Delaney farm." He pointed vaguely down the road. "They were in Queensland when all this happened, and I doubt they'll be back anytime soon. I already cleaned out their cupboards, but the garden had a ton of stuff ready for picking that I won't get to. Take what you want, stay the night there. Their door isn't locked."

"Thanks, mate. Will do." They shook hands and Simon said, "I'll treat the place like me own."

"Cheers." Paul paused. "Stay out of the small towns, if you can. They've all gone to shit, people acting like bloody soccer fans at a World Cup riot. Canberra's holding up because they've got emergency plans and pretty good infrastructure to support their people, but I wouldn't trust anyone else you meet on the Hume. Not everyone is a top bloke like me."

"Too true." Simon tipped his helmet in lieu of a hat. "Cheers, Paul. Look after yourself."

"You too, mate."

He clopped off, towing the load of precious cargo with him. As he passed where Rueben and I hid, I was gripped with a manic thought, driven by the knowledge of the food about to slip beyond our grasp: we could take him . We had five adults with us, and even with his gun, we could easily overpower him and take his produce and his wagon. Cut to a quick flash of myself laying lazily in horse-drawn comfort, gnawing on snow peas, slender and sundrenched.

we could take him The urge to rob a stranger passed as the wagon trundled by. What is happening to me? I wondered in horror. I wasn't this person. Was that a mad impulse driven by hunger, or had I picked up a perverse imp along the road of societal breakdown and endless travel?

What is happening to me? A soft voice spoke. "I told you, trust in people is a good thing," said Rueben, gently nudging me with his shoulder.

"And even the farmer told us not to trust anyone," I said, standing up and picking my way out of the bush.

"Rueben is right," said Simon, wheeling his bike over to where we stood. "We have to believe that humanity is more than a collective of selfish buggers, or we're never getting through this."

"Trust is a bullshit concept," I said, waving them both away like pesky mosquitos. "I'm not sure it even exists. There's trading, sure – that guy traded you for grog, whatever – but it's not trust."

"We trust each other," said Rueben.

"We need each other. There's a difference." I was on a roll now, ranting even as the tears gathered in my eyes. "My staff needed me for wages, I needed them to run my business. You need us to get your daughter to a safe place, we need you to get us across the Tasman. It's necessity, not trust."

need Both men goggled at me silently, hurt radiating off them. Rueben spoke first. "Karla... human relationships are about more than need."

"I don't believe that anymore." Shivering with hunger, I wrapped my arms around my chest, defying either of them to come up with proof.

Simon cracked his knuckles. "You want trust? What would it take?"

"It's not something you can buy," I replied scathingly.

"But I bet I can trade for it." Simon's eyebrows pressed south in anxious arches. "How about tonight, it's my turn to play Nev's game."

I shook my head. "What game?"

"That stupid story thing she started with Bailey, the 'who hurt me' thing."

My lips parted in surprise. I knew so little about Simon's story, despite working with him for years; he was as private as a British Royal's private Insta account.

He drew a shuddering breath. "Tonight, I'll tell you my story. Because, despite whatever bull you're trying to tell yourself right now, Ms Karla, I actually trust you people."

He wheeled the bike and trailer down the hill towards the others, and Rueben paced after him, keeping the back of the trailer steady as they bumped along.

I watched them, empty, sorrowful, wishing someone would put a hand on me and steady my journey.





So, this chapter was pretty bleak - soz! I shall post another one asap - but in the meantime, please vote if you're enjoying the story as a whole.

So, this chapter was pretty bleak - soz! I shall post another one asap - but in the meantime, please vote if you're enjoying the story as a whole. So, this chapter was pretty bleak - soz! I shall post another one asap - but in the meantime, please vote if you're enjoying the story as a whole. The disordered eating topic in this chapter is from personal experience: people who've read The Curves Ahead know that I struggle with my weight, and I can't seem to lose weight unless I stop eating entirely - which isn't sustainable long-term, obvs. It's a horrendous cycle that only ends with me hating my body and hating myself for not having stronger will power.

The disordered eating topic in this chapter is from personal experience: people who've read The Curves Ahead know that I struggle with my weight, and I can't seem to lose weight unless I stop eating entirely - which isn't sustainable long-term, obvs. It's a horrendous cycle that only ends with me hating my body and hating myself for not having stronger will power. The disordered eating topic in this chapter is from personal experience: people who've read The Curves Ahead know that I struggle with my weight, and I can't seem to lose weight unless I stop eating entirely - which isn't sustainable long-term, obvs. It's a horrendous cycle that only ends with me hating my body and hating myself for not having stronger will power. I don't have a solution, but leave me some love in the comments if you feel me. xx Kate

I don't have a solution, but leave me some love in the comments if you feel me. xx Kate I don't have a solution, but leave me some love in the comments if you feel me. xx Kate





Chapter 13


"I am so sick of crapping over holes," I grumbled to Bailey as we walked into the bush together.

"You should poop at the rest stops," said Bailey, referencing the roadside toilet blocks that featured drop toilets.

"I can't crap on cue."

"Then stop bitching."

"Thanks for the understanding."

I walked away from Bailey, looking for somewhere bullant-free to squat. Bailey followed me. "Karla, are you okay?"

I wasn't. I was wobbly and irritable and empty. I hadn't pooped at the rest stops because I hadn't had anything to process. Even the complaining about toilets was just for show – I'd used disordered eating in the past to lose weight, so I knew that I had to keep up the pretence of eating or people would tell me, 'Oh, but you have to eat!'

If I eat, I don't lose weight. It wasn't fair, but that was the truth. 'Eating moderately' had never worked for me. I might not have gained weight, but I didn't lose any either. The only way to shed fat was to punish my body, to starve and purge, to hate myself enough to deny myself everything.

If I eat, I don't lose weight. Oh, the irony. People saw a fat girl eating and they disapproved. Saw a fat girl starving herself, they objected. So the solution was to pretend I was eating healthily and in a way that society deemed appropriate, while secretly starving myself.

"I'm fine," was all I said to Bailey. I waved a roll of toilet paper at them. "Do you want to watch?"

"No, I just wanted to check in. I know I've been... absorbed lately."

Watching Bailey blush sent a warm blast through my cold heart. "How are things with Nev going?"

"They're amazing. I know the world has changed forever, and people have died, and I shouldn't feel good about it, but I do." They smiled, pure and smitten. "I've never been this happy before. I love her."

"Slow down, Bailes," I cautioned. "Get to know her."

"I do know her. I've spent years getting to know her – and now I know her in a different way."

"Biblically?" I asked, injecting innocence into my voice.

"Don't be uncouth," said Bailey, rolling their grey eyes to the swiftly darkening sky. "Yes, I'm getting to know her body, but we're talking, really talking. About our feelings and our fears and our hopes. And everything I find out, I want to know more."

Bailey plucked a flower growing from a vine entangled around a eucalyptus trunk, the bloom an almost-erotic purple. "And even crazier – she accepts me. She doesn't care about who I am or who I'm not – she just holds me. I trust her, like I've never trusted anyone before."

"Even me?" I didn't mean to be so needy, but Bailey and I had been close friends for so long, the idea they didn't trust me was awful.

Bailey replied, "It's not the same and you know it. I trust you as my friend – I trust her with my heart."

Trust. There was that word again. My vision started to cloud over, hunger and fatigue working hard to put me on my arse, so I quickly said, "I'm happy if you are, Bailey. Now, get out of here, because I don't trust that you'll ever be able to look me in the eyes again if you witness what I'm about to do." I lifted the toilet paper as a reminder of my supposedly imminent defecation.

Trust. Bailey slapped their long fingers over their eyes. "Okay, I'll see you back there. Have fun."

I waited until they were out of sight among the thick trees, then slumped to the ground, weak and shaky. The sky grew darker as I vagued out, and when I finally felt strong enough to push to my feet and make my way back to the campsite, it was night.



After meeting Farmer Paul on the road, we'd decided to camp away from the freeway along the riverbank. We'd found a thick patch of bush divided by a path that led through to an idyllic billabong campsite, so pristine and Australian with its tall trees and clear water, I felt a rush of Aussie pride.

My legs wobbly, I attempted to walk gracefully towards the campfire beside the river, hoping the flickering light would help obscure my unsteadiness.

As I collapsed gratefully to a log seat, Rueben glanced over. "You were gone a while."

"Timing my bowl movements?" I quipped.

He shook his head. "Just wanted to make sure you're okay."

"I'm fine." Swallowing back annoyance, I said, "Who can even tell what time it is? All we know now is dark and light."

Simon looked up. "It's 7:35."

"How do you know that?"

He raised the book he was reading, the title he'd stolen from the camping supplies store. "According to this, the sun sets at 6:56 at this time of year around here, and that was about forty minutes ago."

"Wow. Impressive."

He grinned as he lifted his arm and showed us his watch. "Also, this is self-winding."

"Omg." I threw an empty box of crackers at him.

Nev and Bailey were intertwined on a log on the other side of the fire, while Bella napped contentedly beside them. Rueben sat alone. "Where's Mischa?" I asked.

"Bed. She's knackered."

"I bet." In that moment, I wanted nothing more than to follow her example and go crawl into my tent, but I was owed a story and I planned to collect. "So, Simon... Who hurt you?"

I was trying to be funny, but it came out bitchy. Bailey frowned at me, but Simon just stood, saying, "If I'm going to tell this tale, no one get to be sober. Here."

He passed around a tequila bottle, and after a silent exchange of glances between the rest of us, everyone took a small swig. I barely allowed the liquid to touch my lips; tequila and an empty stomach were a bad mix, but I was more concerned about the caloric count of the alcohol.

Simon took the largest glug from the bottle neck, then wiped his lips. "The thing about my story, yeah, someone hurt me, but it's mostly about how I hurt everyone else."

"You know you don't have to share anything you're not comfortable with, right, Simon?" said Rueben gently.

"I know, mate, appreciate the words but this isn't the first time I've told my story. Every time I start at a new AA meeting, or a therapy group, or with a psychologist, I have to share. I've got it down to a fine art, actually."

The fire popped and I flinched, then berated myself for how jumpy I'd become. If this kept going, I'd end up with heart failure, and there weren't any working defibrillators left on the planet.

Simon said, "I married my high school girlfriend, the love of my life. I couldn't wait to start a family – I used to dream about a little girl and a little boy that looked like us, to love and raise. We were trying for a baby, or at least I thought we were, when I found out she was on the pill and hadn't told me. I confronted her, and she said she was leaving me."

"Why?" asked Nev.

"She'd been cheating on me with a guy she knew from work. His name was Simon too, if you can believe it." He chuckled bitterly. "When she told me, I said, 'Well, at least you didn't have to worry about calling out the wrong name in bed.' She left that night, and I went down a real dark tunnel.



"She married him, only a few months later. Next thing, she's pregnant. And then pregnant again. He got my family, my wife, my life. She took it all away from me and left me alone. I started driving past their house at night, just to look in, see how the kids were growing up, torturing myself."

His hands clenched. "She reported me to the cops for harassment, took out an order against me. I realised I had to get out of town so I left Perth and moved to Melbourne, but I couldn't fly away from the hurt and living in a new place was lonely.

"So, I started hanging out the pub, drinking every night. I met a bloke who got me into filming. I had nothing else to do with my time, so I started to make a name for myself as the man who'd work all hours, any location. My career took off, but every night I'd go back to my place and sit in the dark and drink until I fell asleep. Couldn't drop off without it, or I'd just lie there picturing my ex and her perfect family."

Somewhere behind me, there was a snap and a snuffle. I spun on my seat and peered into the darkness. "What?" asked Rueben.

"Nothing," I said, trying not to be paranoid. Stuff lives in the bush: wombats, echidnas, bats. Stop panicking.

Stuff lives in the bush: wombats, echidnas, bats. Stop panicking. Simon picked up the story. "One day, I was working with a production company and I got chatting with their secretary. She looked at bit like my ex, same dark hair, brown eyes, sharp chin. I asked her out for a drink and she said yes.

"Mary saved me." He smiled sadly. "For whatever she did later to me, in those months, she saved my life. We dated, she told me how her mum died when she was a teenager, and her grandad was getting on, and all he wanted was to hold a great-grandchild in her arms. I told her how I'd always wanted to have kids, I couldn't wait to be a dad. We were a perfect match, and two months later, she was pregnant."

In a weary tone, he said, "Everyone gave us grief about it. Too soon, you barely know each other. We ignored them. We were happy.

"Our first bub came along, Maisie, and she was bloody beautiful. I thought the sun shone out of that child, even when her nappy leaked or she spewed all over me."

In the dim light, his face was aglow, recalling his first born. "Alan was next, tiny little tacker, born too early, but we got him through. We were a family, and I wanted so much to stay happy."

"But I kept waking up at night, sweating and shaking. I'd get these nightmares about Mary leaving, just like my first wife, leaving me on my own." He shook the bottle. "So, I'd drink. I'd drink to go to sleep, and I'd drink when I woke up. I functioned – I was good at my job, played with my kids, helped around the house, but I couldn't do it sober or my brain would start to yell all this garbage at me and I couldn't think straight."

While he spoke, I let my gaze drift over to Rueben. Dammit. I still found him attractive. I'd hoped that might have faded, but something still thrummed low and insistent inside me when his eyes locked on mine. I held his stare for a moment, then turned back to Simon. "Mary didn't like you drinking?"

Dammit. "She never said anything. I thought I was doing a pretty good job of hiding it – I got pulled over by the coppers once after I'd just finished off a bucket of beers at a work lunch, and I blew 0.0. I'm a machine, I remember thinking. That my body could just process the grog, that I was a better drinker than everyone else, and that I could maybe even drink more and it would be fine.

I'm a machine, "It was winter when the kids were eight and ten, and Mary had gone interstate to visit her cousin. Without her around, I let myself go, drank a bit more than I normally did." He caught himself, corrected. "Nah, not a bit more. I wrote myself off. It felt great, for the first time in years, to not be scared or sad. Then I ran out of grog."



His jaw locked in pain, Simon paused. "I adored my kids. I would never have hurt them, so what I did, I did because I was stupid, not because I didn't love them. They weren't old enough to be left alone, and it was nearly nine at night, too late to ask someone else to come by and sit with them. The bottle shop closed at nine, and I was desperate, so I threw them both in the car and told them we were going for ice cream."

"That's the last thing I remember from that night. I woke up two days later in hospital with a broken nose, head trauma, and the police standing over me." His eyes closed, a barrier against the memory. "They told me I'd had an accident. I started crying, screaming. 'What about my kids? Are they okay?' It was the worst moment of my life. I thought I'd killed them, that's why the coppers were there. They had to sedate me or I'd split my stitches."

"Were... Were the kids alive?" Bailey asked the question.

"Yeah. No thanks to me. Alan's arm was broken, and Maisie... She got this big scar on her face where she hit the dash." Tears dripped down his pitted cheeks and into his thick beard.

"Simon... I'm so sorry." I wasn't sure what else to say. I couldn't say it wasn't his fault because it was.

"Mary came to the hospital the next day. The cops had already laid charges by then, and I was looking at jail time. When I saw my wife, I honestly thought she'd come to save me again." He wiped his face and sniffed roughly. "It didn't go down that way."

"What happened?"

"She said that she was done. I begged, pleaded, cried. She didn't budge. 'One mistake,' I said. 'I've been a good husband, a good father, a good provider.' Her face was like a mask, as if I hadn't spent a decade with her and she was just saying goodbye to a stranger.

"She took the kids, moved into her grandfather's place. I wasn't allowed to see them because of the accident. A judge said that if I wanted to see them again, I'd have to get sober first. So I did."

My eyebrows raised reflexively. I'd only ever known Simon as perpetually intoxicated.

"I went to groups, to AA, sat in church basements, had a shrink tell me all about how I was narcissistic and self-sabotaging. For six months, I was dry. I was suicidal, suffering from extreme insomnia, but I was sober.

"The judge signed me off for a supervised visit – supervised . I couldn't even see my kids without someone watching. God, the shame just about ended me. Mary wasn't going to agree, but I wrote to her that my court date was coming up and I'd probably go to jail. It might be my last chance to see them for god knows how long."

supervised He swallowed, shameful. "We met at a playground, and the court-mandated supervisor had to just about drag them out of the car. They didn't want to see me. Alan, he was scared, just cried the whole time, and Maisie... The scar hadn't healed well. I'd never thought a kid could be so angry, but she gave it to me. Told me she wished I'd died that day. Said she never wanted to see me again. Said I'd ruined her face and her life. So that was that."

The fire crackled, filling in the silence that had fallen over us. "What happened?" asked Bailey. "Did you go to jail?"

"No, I got a suspended sentence. Although it didn't seem like a good thing at the time. I wanted to be punished. I deserved it. I moved to Sydney, worked, started drinking again. There didn't seem to be much of a point in staying sober. I never drove a car again."

"Did you try and see your kids again?" Nev's voice was soft, and I saw that she was crying silently.

"Not really. Mary told me if I tried to see them, she'd have me charged, but I sent them money, Christmas presents, birthday gifts. I'd make videos of myself to send them, about my life, what I was filming, where I was staying. I don't know if she ever showed them. When Maisie graduated high school, I wrote and asked if I could attend, but no one answered. I flew down to Melbourne, stood behind a tree and watched her cross the stage like a stalker. She... She still had the scar. I left before anyone saw me.



"A few years ago, Alan rocked up on my doorstep." Simon's face twisted in grief. "I didn't know he was coming, and I was drunk as a skunk. He took one look at me and left. Said he'd hoped after ten years, I might have changed, but he was better off with no dad, than an alco dad."

"Oh, Simon..." I wanted to hug him, but he'd never been much for cuddles. I crossed and sat near him on his log.

He sniffed again. "I didn't tell you all this because I want your pity. I told you this so you'd understand. Trust is precious. My first wife broke my trust, I broke the trust of Mary and the kids, but worst of all, I don't trust myself anymore.

"But I do trust you lot." He nodded at each of us in turn. "Yeah, I still drink, yeah, I'm a waste of a human, but I've never stopped loving my kids, and I trust you people. We are a family. Not a normal family, but family nonetheless."

Bailey sat on his other side, and Nev stood behind Simon. Rueben edged closer, keeping several noted inches between us. Simultaneously, we all leaned in and hugged him. "We love you, Simon," said Bailey, their voice thick with tears.

He grunted, overwhelmed. When we pulled apart, I asked, "Do you know where your daughter and son live in Melbourne? Maybe you can visit while we're there?"

"They're probably at their mother's place. Mary inherited her grandfather's house, a big property at St Kilda. Hard to miss, just across the road from Lunar Park and the beach, big purple joint with gargoyles on the gates."

"St Kilda? That's really close to Port Melbourne!" I started to get excited but Simon waved me down.

"My kids think I'm a waste. I'm not going to hassle them into seeing me to try and convince them of anything different."

I opened my mouth to protest, but Bailey shot me a look and I realised this wasn't my call to make. "I trust you with my life, Simon," I said, laying a hand on his back. "Thanks for sharing."

"For what it's worth," said Rueben, standing and moving back to his log, "I think it sounds like you had a bad run with therapists. You don't seem narcissistic to me, and I think some decent cognitive behavioural therapy would help with your feelings of shame and abandonment."

I raised my eyebrows quizzically. "You sound like a shrink yourself."

"That's because I am. I'm a qualified psychologist."

"Wait, no you're not." My brain raced and reviewed everything he'd ever told me. "You said you're not a doctor."

"I said I wasn't a GP ."

GP "You're an executive – not a therapist."

"I'm an organisational psychologist," he said, a smile tugging at his lips. "I use psychological principles and research methods to solve problems in the workplace. I don't practice or see patients anymore, but I'm still qualified."

Flummoxed, I drank from my water bottle, trying to analyse what this new information meant, if anything.

"What?" Rueben asked.

"Well, you haven't lied to us exactly, but it doesn't feel like you've been honest."

"None of you ever asked about my uni degree." Defensively, he said, "I don't talk about being a psychologist because once people know, they worry that you're always analysing them."

"Are you?"

"Sometimes," he admitted. "Simon, I can't treat you, but I'm happy to chat anytime."

"Thanks, mate," said Simon gruffly.

Nev wondered out loud, "Hey, do you know much about bipolar? My cousin was diagnosed last year, and I have no idea what it even means."

"Your Queensland cousin or the Frankston cousin?" asked Bailey.

"One of the Geelong cousins, actually."

The conversation wandered off into different directions, and I wandered off to bed without saying goodnight, unable to put my finger on why I felt so unsettled.





Chapter question: your partner drives drunk with your children in the car and nearly kills them - do you forgive them?

Chapter question: your partner drives drunk with your children in the car and nearly kills them - do you forgive them? Chapter question: your partner drives drunk with your children in the car and nearly kills them - do you forgive them? The book is at 40k words - thanks so much to the people who have left such lovely encouraging comments for me! Having readers instantly respond to what I do is a gift many authors never have - they write a book, toiling for months or years, then farm the tale out to editors who tear it apart, then the book goes to print and maybe, just maybe, a few people leave a couple of Goodreads reviews. You have a direct dialogue with me when I'm posting fresh chapters - you are my beta reader, and I'm so incredibly lucky to have you here for the ride.

The book is at 40k words - thanks so much to the people who have left such lovely encouraging comments for me! Having readers instantly respond to what I do is a gift many authors never have - they write a book, toiling for months or years, then farm the tale out to editors who tear it apart, then the book goes to print and maybe, just maybe, a few people leave a couple of Goodreads reviews. You have a direct dialogue with me when I'm posting fresh chapters - you are my beta reader, and I'm so incredibly lucky to have you here for the ride. The book is at 40k words - thanks so much to the people who have left such lovely encouraging comments for me! Having readers instantly respond to what I do is a gift many authors never have - they write a book, toiling for months or years, then farm the tale out to editors who tear it apart, then the book goes to print and maybe, just maybe, a few people leave a couple of Goodreads reviews. You have a direct dialogue with me when I'm posting fresh chapters - you are my beta reader, and I'm so incredibly lucky to have you here for the ride. Please remember to vote! xxx Kate

Please remember to vote! xxx Kate Please remember to vote! xxx Kate





Chapter 14


I woke up early, sweating. It couldn't have been much past dawn, but it was already hot and the tent had turned into an oven in the bright morning sun.

Crawling out into the day, I yawned, feeling fatigue in every muscle and bone. Not only was I starting day three of my fast, but something had woken me during the night: a loud squealing sound that echoed through the bush. The haunting noise faded, but I couldn't drop off again, doomed to thrash in my sleeping bag, devising schemes to get Simon to his ex-wife's house and torturing myself by wondering what mental illness Rueben was sure to have diagnosed me with.

The camp was quiet; I appeared to be the only one awake. Often when I was starving myself, I'd wake up super-early, feeling weirdly wired.

In the strong sun, I stood still and sweated. The river that flowed gently past our site looked inviting. A swim was in order. My towel hung from the roof of my tent, so I grabbed it and my backpack with a change of clothes for afterwards. Feeling surprisingly optimistic, I left the camp and walked downstream.

Just around the corner, the bank eased from sharp to shallow, and the clear water pulsed against a small, sandy beach. Smiling to myself, I stripped out of my filthy work pants and sheep happens tee, then walked into the water in just my bra and thong.

The water was warm and welcome around my ankles and knees, and my feet sank pleasantly into the silty bottom. As I strode deeper, I gasped as the water met the heat of my thighs and belly. Staying safe, I knelt down and anchored myself, letting the river drag away all my filth without the risk of getting sucked away myself.

I splashed and swam in the shallows, scratching my scalp underwater and rubbing my face clean. I'd probably end up with a sun-burned butt thanks to my stupid thong, but feeling cleansed and renewed was worth it.

When I was wrinkled and clean, I stood and made my way back into shore. A faint dizziness had already begun to tug at me, and I held onto trees for balance as I reached for my towel.

"Oh!"

"Oh!"

Rueben, standing at the curve of the bank, dropped his bag and lifted his hands to shield his eyes. "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to see anything!"

I snatched up my towel, wrapping it around me hastily and wishing it was bigger. As I stuffed my feet into my shoes, I said, "No, I'm sorry for you. Having to see that, that's traumatic for anyone. Okay, I'm covered, you're safe."

Hurriedly, I threw my backpack over my shoulder and prepared to flee.

He stopped me, not with his hands, but with his words. "Karla, I'm not sorry I saw you in your underwear. I'm a straight male and you're gorgeous. I'm sorry that I invaded your privacy."

"That's... I mean... I'm not..." A wave of dizziness, fierce and unstoppable as a tsunami rolled over me. I staggered, pitching forward and crashing heavily into a tree with my shoulder.

"Karla!"

Warm hands supported me, holding me by the elbows and keeping me from smashing into the ground. As the world swam back into focus, all I could feel was my face against Rueben's broad chest and my fingers clutching his tee.

"Are you okay?"

I turned my face up to his, expecting pity, maybe lingering disgust. Instead, his eyes glittered with concern, and something more. Desire? My thigh shifted against the fabric of his jeans. Yep. Definitely desire.

And then it didn't matter if I was fat, or that I'd come close to passing out in his arms like an idiot damsel. Lust roared through me – not just lust, but reciprocated lust. There were guys in the past, the ones from the dark clubs, who were the same. It wasn't love or like, but it was a form of connection, and I grasped it eagerly. "I'm better than okay," I said, before bringing my lips up to meet his, bold and needing his mouth on mine.



Holy sheep. As I kissed him, I felt him pause for a moment, and I didn't need to hear him speak to know why he hesitated. Innate gentlemanly manners and a pledge to do no harm. To override his worries, I kissed him harder, running my hands up his chest and into his hair, drawing him deeper to me.

Holy sheep. Like a stoked fire, he responded, securing his hands at my lower back and stroking me through the flimsy towel. I shuddered, my skin alive as if I'd been coated in wax before that moment. His breath poured into me, and I drank it down like elixir. My fingers found the hem of his tee, and as I slipped underneath, he groaned deeply, like a man who'd never experienced touch before.

A loud crack echoed behind us in the bush, and we broke apart like a burst balloon splitting at the seams. "Karla... I'm so-"

"Don't say you're sorry," I warned, my cheeks scalding. "I own what just happened between us. If you didn't want to kiss me, that's fine, but don't take away something that I started and I don't regret."

His breath was ragged, his eyes heavily lidded. "I don't regret it. I wanted it. I want more."

Oh my god. I'd thought my nipples couldn't get any harder, but I was wrong; as he spoke in lust-laden tones, they tightened into painful nubs against the damp fabric of my bra. "I want more too. I want everything."

Oh my god. I reached for him, and I saw him teeter. "Wait. I... I always promised myself that I wouldn't get serious with anyone who didn't connect with Mischa."

If he'd aimed Bev's shotgun at my stomach and pulled the trigger, I couldn't have been more gutted. I kept my face neutral with a supreme effort. "That's fine. I'm not interested in anything serious. I have someone waiting for me at the farm. An ex who wants me back."

He swallowed, pained. "That's good. We agree."

"It is good. We do."

It lasted for less than three seconds before we crashed back into each other again, teeth clashing, tongues exploring, hands everywhere. Filled with horny courage, I pressed my knee between his thighs and caused his legs to buckle.

"Karla..." His throaty growl brought me undone as he found the gap in my towel and slid his fingers inside. His touch danced over my round tummy, caressing it lightly, and I was so turned on I forgot to even suck it in. He pressed his thumb into my belly button, somewhere I'd never even considered being an erogenous zone, and I whimpered, my mouth against his neck.

Gently, I nibbled at his ear, then whispered, "Come to my tent when everyone's asleep. No one needs to know."

He nodded, his fingers dancing lower, finding the seam of my thong and following it around the curve of my hip and towards my-

A scream. High and piercing. Our heads snapped up. "That's Nev," I panted, snatching up my backpack.

We ran for camp, and I dug in my bag for one of the two items I always carried with me since day zero. My heart was already pounding from blatant need; now it raced in panic. I hiked up my towel, thankful I'd at least put my shoes on as we sprinted over branches and rocks, and hoped like hell that my dizziness wouldn't return.

Around the bend, our campsite looked like it had been attacked by a demon. The tents were toppled and the fire ashes lay smouldering everywhere. I could hear Bella barking frantically, and there were blood drips in the dirt.

The demon stood in the middle of camp, menacing Nev against a rock wall near the river. "What is that?" said Rueben.

The beast grunted, then let out an unearthly bellow. "A wild boar." It was almost the size of a horse, and stocky as a beer drum. It drooled as it swung its tusked head back and forth, eyes on Nev as she cowered against the wall, holding a yapping Bella in her arms.



"Daddy!" Mischa called out to Rueben from the top of a nearby tree.

"Stay there, Mish!"

"Hey! Hey, you, you ugly freak!" Bailey waved and shouted from the other side of the fire, trying to draw the pig away from Nev. "Leave her alone!"

Its wiry hair bristled as Bailey threw a rock, but it focused in on Nev again, its eyes trained on the dog, who growled at the pig through bloody teeth.

"Nev!" I shouted. "It's after Bella! Put down the dog!"

Nev screamed back, "Are you insane? I'm not letting it get my baby!"

The dog yipped louder, struggling to get out of Nev's arms and attack the pig again. The boar responded by stamping its hooves and stomping closer.

"I need to get closer," I said, dashing forward.

A blur crossed the camp just as the boar charged. "Yaaah!" yelled Simon, raising a massive magnum of champagne like a club. He brought it down on the back of the beast's neck, causing it to pause and shake like a rabies-infected dog with fleas.

Out of the bag, I drew my weapon. I'd never fired a gun, so I knew I'd need to get close enough that I couldn't miss. I powered past the firepit, around Simon, and raised the gun just as the boar began to stamp its hooves at Nev again. "Hey!" I screamed.

It looked in my direction, glassy amber eyes that seemed malicious. I ran as close as I dared, aimed the gun at its revolting face and fired.

The flare exploded from the barrel with surprising force; my arm recoiled painfully as the red sparks flew forth. The large flare found its target, striking the pig on its cheek next to its eyes, and it squealed like a piglet. Red smoke began to billow as the flare bounced on the ground, and the boar staggered from side to side before galloping into the bush, grunts and squeals trailing after it like tin cans behind a just-married limo.

After a few beats, Rueben kicked the still-smoking flare into the river, where it continued to billow as the current carried it away. Nev flung her arms around me. "Omg, you saved me! And you!" She covered Simon's cheeks with daughterly, enthusiastic kisses. "You glassed a boar for me and Bella!"

"Technically since the bottle didn't break, I clubbed him, not glassed him." He shook the bottle overhead. "This magnum is now blessed. We shall drink it when we arrive at the farm, and not a moment sooner. See, I told you the grog would come in handy."

He elbowed me and I snorted, imitating the pig. "Yeah, whatever."

"Bailey, baby, are you okay?" Nev raced over to Bailey and hugged them fiercely.

"I'm okay. I couldn't save you though." Bailey's words were stricken. "You wrangled a snake for me and I couldn't kill a boar for you."

Nev shook her head, her hair wild and flying. "Don't be silly. We'll take it in turns to save each other. You'll get the next one."

"Nev, what happened?"

"The boar was going through our food stash. My brave puppy tried to chase him off, didn't you, Bella-wella?" She nuzzled the Pomeranian, and Bella licked her nose happily. "She bit it, and it chased her."

I resisted the urge to scream at her that her stupid dog almost got her killed; wild pigs weren't known for acting aggressive towards people very often, and when they did, they were almost always provoked – generally by a dog attack.

But I knew it wasn't going to make a difference. The dog was just being a dog, and Nev was just being Nev. I shook my head at the ridiculousness of it all.



Rueben helped Mischa down from the tree, and she clung to him like a koala baby as he approached me. "Do you always keep a loaded flare gun in your bag?"

"Only since the world ended." I raised the weapon. "It looks like a real gun. I figured if we needed to scare anyone on the road, it would be easier to do if you guys didn't know it wasn't real."

"A real gun would have been better," grumbled Simon as he crossed to his tent and started to pack up. "We could have been eating bacon for a week."

"Yeah, but a real gun can be used against you." I shrugged, tried to explain. "My self-defence instructor in high school told me that you should never use a weapon you aren't prepared to have used on you if the other person gets it. I don't want anyone getting shot."

"Fair enough." Rueben nodded solemnly. "No more surprises, okay?"

I made a strangled noise that sounded a little like our boar friend mating with a rhino, then ducked into my half-collapsed tent to change out of my towel and into some clothes. There wouldn't be any more surprises as long as no one checked my bag...

We packed up in a hurry, with eyes and ears pricked for any sign of the boar's return. "I can't believe that just happened," said Nev as we pushed the bikes back up the verge and onto the road.

Simon said, "Believe it. I saw on Today Tonight that a wild pig got into someone's grog, then attacked a cow."

"At least one good thing came from the world ending. There will never be another episode of Today Tonight again," I said, referring to the trashy 'news' show that ran every weeknight on Aussie TV.

"Oi!" Simon shouted in offence. "Today Tonight is a national treasure. Show some respect please."

"Today Tonight is worse than drunken pig dung."

"You take that back or you don't get any champagne when we get to the farm."

"Never!" I crowed, and we rode off bickering into the steaming day.

It took about six hours to reach Little Billabong, and another hour to find the farm house. A narrow road hugged the creek, and we almost missed the sign at a gate that blended with the fence line: Delaney Homestead.

Delaney Homestead. By the time we'd navigated the long, rocky driveway, we were all exhausted. The heat had beaten us down, the intensity of the spring sun feeling more like mid-summer. Several times, I'd almost fainted, keeping myself upright through sheer will and by digging my fingernails into my arms, visualising the fat pouring out of my pores like pimple pus.

The farmhouse rose like a holy cathedral in the distance. It was a small, modern home made of wood and tin, but it seemed like a palace after sleeping outside for... four nights? Five? I scrunched my nose, trying to keep track. Without the ever-present lock screen of my phone to remind me, I was losing all concept of calendar dates.

four nights? Five? "Look, youse guys – I mean, you guys!" Nev pointed excitedly at the garden beside the house. "Veggies!"

"And fruit!" Mischa jumped off her bike and dashed for the nearest tree. "Daddy, look! Oranges! And those ones are figs!"

The six of us descended on the garden beds like locusts, ripping up as many vegetables as we could carry. I saw Bailey eating a tomato like an apple, while Simon shook the dirt off baby carrots. Mischa scrambled up a tree to hunt mandarins as Nev stood below to catch what she dropped.

I reached for the first green thing I saw: a cucumber, stripy and perfect. Using my shirt, I wiped it cleanish, then bit into the end, a moan of pleasure escaping me for the crunch and the slippery seeds.

I opened my eyes to see Rueben in the row across from me, open desire on his face. "What?" I said innocently, running the wide edge of the vegetable around my lips.

"Nothing." He cleared his throat. "I was just hoping... Maybe this farmhouse will have enough rooms for each of us to have some privacy."

His fingers reached through the leaves of the snow peas between us, finding my hand. I squeezed his fingers as I squeezed my thighs together and tried to quell a rising tide of craving. "I bet they do," I said. "Rooms with beds and doors that lock."





Actual news story about a wild pig in the chapter header. #Straya

Actual news story about a wild pig in the chapter header. #Straya Actual news story about a wild pig in the chapter header. #Straya So how are we feeling about the story? Thoughts on Karla, Rueben, Simon, Nev and Bailey - do you have a favourite? What else does Karla have in her bag? Have you ever had an animal encounter while camping? Share in the comments :)

So how are we feeling about the story? Thoughts on Karla, Rueben, Simon, Nev and Bailey - do you have a favourite? What else does Karla have in her bag? Have you ever had an animal encounter while camping? Share in the comments :) So how are we feeling about the story? Thoughts on Karla, Rueben, Simon, Nev and Bailey - do you have a favourite? What else does Karla have in her bag? Have you ever had an animal encounter while camping? Share in the comments :) I'm a few chapters ahead of what I'm posting here - sometimes I have to retcon things I've already written, so I give myself some wiggle room - but I tend to post and then write for a few hours. When people comment early, I'm sitting here flicking between windows, smiling and feeling connected, and to them I say a huge thank you :) To everyone else, please remember to vote! xx Kate

I'm a few chapters ahead of what I'm posting here - sometimes I have to retcon things I've already written, so I give myself some wiggle room - but I tend to post and then write for a few hours. When people comment early, I'm sitting here flicking between windows, smiling and feeling connected, and to them I say a huge thank you :) To everyone else, please remember to vote! xx Kate I'm a few chapters ahead of what I'm posting here - sometimes I have to retcon things I've already written, so I give myself some wiggle room - but I tend to post and then write for a few hours. When people comment early, I'm sitting here flicking between windows, smiling and feeling connected, and to them I say a huge thank you :) To everyone else, please remember to vote! xx Kate





Chapter 15


The farmhouse did not, in fact, have doors that locked. Or enough rooms for each of us. Or even enough beds.

It was obviously a retired couple's home. Nev and Bailey claimed the master bedroom with its double bed and pink patchwork quilt. It made sense for Rueben and Misha to take the smaller room; the matching twin beds were clearly meant for visiting grandchildren, and Mischa cried out happily as she discovered a handmade dolls' house and a collection of ratty Barbies.

Simon and I were left with the couches in the lounge room. One folded out to a sofa bed, but I nominated to sleep on the leather rocker/recliner and gave the fold-out to my fellow pig warrior.

As everyone explored the house, I made my way into the kitchen. My stomach was making loud burbling noises as it digested the few bites of cucumber I'd eaten, and I wanted to see if the gas stovetop worked.

With hopeful fingers, I twisted the knob. The lighter cracked every second, the little spark working its hardest, but nothing happened. I could hear the gas hissing, but it didn't smell gassy.

"Not working?" asked Simon, wandering into the kitchen with an armful of lettuce.

"No."

"Didn't think so. I tried our gas cooker that first night, but it was a no-go." He sat at one of the heavy wooden chairs around the square kitchen table. "I reckon those nanobots didn't just go after car fuel, but natural gas too."

"Shit." Despair cascaded over me. Natural gas would have meant a much easier recovery for the human race; at a bare minimum, it meant heat and cooked food. I sighed and looked out the window, just as Mischa raced past.

She banged up the back steps and into the kitchen, hair flying and eyes wild. "They have, they have chookies!" she cried.

"Chookies?"

"Chickies! Chickens! Come and see!"

She dashed out again; Simon and I followed.

In the back garden, a small fenced compound held a dozen chickens, clucking and brooding. Mischa ran over to a large black hen, picked it up and hugged it. The hen looked somewhat disgruntled, but seemed to accept her cuddle as nothing out of the ordinary.

Simon smacked his lips. "Winner, winner, chicken dinner."

"Do you even know how to kill a chicken?" I asked, fascinated.

"We used to do it as kids back in Perth. I grew up around chickens. We can use the frypans in the house, and I'll make the Chicken Parma of your dreams."

"No!" Mischa's shout was loud enough to cause us both to jump. "You're not eating my chookies!"

"Sweetheart, they won't survive without people around to take care of them," said Simon gently. "The foxes will get them or they'll starve."

It made me wonder how many animals around the planet would perish as a result of the worldwide power and fuel loss. Horses stranded in stables without feed, zoo animals trapped forever inside cages with electric locks, cats who... actually cats would probably be fine.

Mischa wasn't buying it; she squeezed the chicken tighter and said, "You're. Not. Eating. My. Chookies!"

Chookies!" "Okay, okay," I said, crouching down to her level and trying to suppress a smile at her stubbornness. "How about we leave the chookies for now, and we'll collect their eggs instead? We can have scrambled eggs for dinner."

She nodded, and I patted the soft head of the chicken in her arms. "This chookie seems cool."

"Maybe she can come on the road with us? That way we'll have eggs all time!"



Before I could answer, Simon said, "Sounds good, little chook. Come on, lets see what's in the hen house for us."

"Yay!" Mischa ran off joyfully.

In a low voice, Simon said, "I'm coming back later and knocking off a few."

"Hells yes." I paused. "Leave the black one. Maybe it can come on the road with us. Bella can have a mate."

"That thing is big enough to swallow Bella whole," rumbled Simon, and we laughed as we walked off towards the chook house.

Later that night, after a meal of greens and eggs, the six of us sprawled on the couches in front of the fire. I'd eaten a few bites, justifying that eggs and zucchinis were low carb, and for the first time in days the world wasn't spinning as my body eagerly processed the food.

"Okay, this one's boiled," said Simon, pulling another saucepan out of the coals. "Who wants to go next?"

We'd been heating water and running shallow baths, our first hot water wash since Day Zero. "I had a swim this morning," I said, my skin warming at the memory, "but I'll take a sink of warm water to wash my face."

I reached for the pot and adjourned to the bathroom. Using a face washer with lace edges, I wiped my skin and washed out my underwear. My period was due soon, and I blanched at the thought of dealing with leaks and tampons on the road.

A soft knock at the door. "Hello?" I said, my face creasing in annoyance. I'd been less than five minutes; surely whoever it was could respect this sacred bathroom time and hold their load until I was done.

"It's me."

Rueben. In an instant, my mood flipped from mild irritation to wild anticipation. I unlocked the door and he slipped inside. The quiet way he moved and the fact that he locked the door behind him made me hopeful that our encounter would continue what we'd started that morning.

Rueben. "Hi." I sidled closer, glad that I'd brushed my hair and my teeth.

"Hi." He stuffed his hands deep into the pockets of his jeans, and I was tempted to dig them out and lay them on my body again. Our morning kiss seemed like an eon ago, before boars and riding and vegetable harvesting. He licked his lips and said, "Mish is in bed. I wanted to talk to you about this morning."

"We can talk, but there are other things we could be doing with our time." I stepped forward until there was only a breath between us. I figured we could make out for at least five minutes before anyone missed us. Hell, we could get to second base in that time.

He shuddered as my hands skimmed up his arms, but stopped me gently. "Karla, I wanted to check in with you. You nearly fainted this morning, right before we kissed."

"I was just dizzy from getting out of the river." My brow pulled low and defensive.

"You were wobbling all over the road today."

"I'm tired, Rueben. We've been riding for a week!"

"You're barely eating."

"So?" I'd reverted to my sixteen year old self, belligerent and monosyllabic.

"So? Karla, you can't not eat."

I rolled my eyes and tried to move past him.

"Karla-"

"You're not my dad," I hissed, filled with righteous fury. "So don't tell me what I can and can't do."

"I'm not trying to tell you what to do! I'm trying to get you to see that your behaviour doesn't make sense. You're hurting yourself, and you might put everyone in danger if you pass out or get sick! And for what?"



"For what? You have no idea what it's like to be me!" Tears flooded my eyes, and I blinked them away, unwilling to be pitied. "What I eat is my choice – it has nothing to do with you or the rest of them or anyone!"

what? He raised his hands, hurt in his eyes. "I just wanted you to know... I'm not trying to... I think you're..." He couldn't find the right words and I didn't want to hear them anyway.

Bruised pride throbbed below my skin like a physical injury, and I pushed past him. "Whatever."

I hated him. I hated myself more. I hated that if I was skinnier, if I wasn't so weak-willed, if I was normal, none of this would even be an issue.

Back in the loungeroom, Nev was talking. I slipped into a chair, head down, and let her words wash over me. "I'm telling yewse – I mean you guys, I don't have a story!"

"Why do you do that?" said Bailey from their spot behind Nev, their long limbs laced around Nev's waist.

"Do what?"

"You go to say 'yewse' then you correct yourself."

She sighed. "Look, I didn't grow up like yewse. Dammit! You people!" She enunciated carefully, a touch of the Queen's English to her words, as if she was trying to offset her natural tone. "I'm a bogan, okay? I didn't grow up fancy – girls in my high school, they were lucky if they weren't pregnant by year 12, and the boys were all just obsessed with cars and footy and fights."

She twisted in her seat, clearly uncomfortable. "I wanted more, yeah? But I was pretty, so no one really expected more from me, and my school was totes ghetto. My teachers were flat out trying to stop students from throwing chairs and sexting in class, and I just flew under the radar."

"That must have been hard." Rueben's voice caused me to start. He stepped from the shadows and sat across me. His stare caused me to glance away into the fire, cheeks warm.

Nev nodded, her dark waterfall of hair shimmering in the low light. "It was. I was bored at school, so I started making social media accounts, and helping friends with theirs. I was good, like really good at it, but I didn't think it would ever lead to anything.

"Then I met you." Nev smiled at me with her perfect white teeth. "Karla, you were the first grownup outside of my family who ever believed in me."

"That's because you're a social media savant," I said, remembering. Someone on LinkedIn gave me the heads up about a girl that could make literally anything trend, and I tracked her down to offer her a job. "I couldn't believe someone as young as you could be so smart when it came to digital marketing."

"When you hired me, it was like a dream. But I wasn't fancy like the people in your office. I was just some bogan chick from a trashy suburb, and I felt like scum compared to everyone else. So I try. I try to speak good – speak well. But sometimes I mess up, okay?"

"Nev, you don't have to try and be anything around us," I said, horrified by the thought that she'd spent years pretending to be something she wasn't. "I've never cared how you talk or how much money you have."

"Oh, I have tons of money," she said lightly. "My family is loaded. We're upper middle-class bogans, not bogan -bogans."

bogan Bailey hugged her tightly from behind. "Nev, I love you just the way you are. Yewse can't change that."

"You love me?" she said, grinning wickedly.

Bailey stammered. "Uh... Well, yeah, I mean, I... Um..."

She twisted and kissed them. "You're adorbs."

They kissed for a moment and my heart constricted, happy for them and pained for me.



Simon rumbled from the corner lounge. "You're on a roll now, Neveah. You should tell us more. Who's the one who hurt you?"

"But I said already! I don't really have anyone like that!"

"Everyone has someone like that," said Simon darkly.

"Well, I don't." She gestured with her long fingers.

"School bully?" said Bailey.

"Nope."

"Mean cousins?"

"My cousins are like my sisters!"

"What about your actual sisters? Are they mean?"

"No!" She laughed. "All the women in my family are goddesses – literally, if you believe my nonna's story about a great-great grandmother having it off in the Greek Islands with a descendant of Hermes."

"What about the men in your family?" asked Rueben quietly.

She paused. "They're fine. They're outnumbered and they know their place."

"What do you mean?"

"We're a family of strong women. The men, they either put up with it or they fuck off."

I rarely heard Nev swear, and I blinked in surprise. Bailey spoke next. "I thought you said your family didn't care who you brought home."

"They don't. But if you're a man, you better learn your place. The women in my family, they make the decisions, keep the money, control the men."

"Nev... That's kind of gendered."

"So what? In most families, it's the other way around, and women are the ones with no power."

"Yeah, but that doesn't make it right."

"Whose side are you on anyway?" she said, her voice rising.

Bailey wisely stayed silent. I spoke up. "Nev, what's your dad like?"

"No idea. He gave up, wussed out when I was only little."

"Do you ever hear from him?"

"No." She shook her head, but her lower lip stuck out like a pouting toddler.

"That must have been hard," said Rueben.

"It wasn't a big deal. So what if he left? We didn't need him. No one really needs a man. That's why I only ever date guys once, then move on. My dad taught me early that I couldn't trust any of them."

We all feel silent. Her words were defiant, but her tone was shaky and vulnerable. I said, "Nev, I'm sorry."

"I'm not. If he couldn't handle my mum at her worst, he didn't deserve her at her best. She remarried a few years back. My stepdad, he's the right kind of man, knows how lucky he is and stays out of her way." She nudged Bailey with her shoulder and said, "I can't wait for you to meet my mum and my nonna in Melbourne."

"Your family's in Melbourne?"

"Yeah, of course!"

I'd completely forgotten this fact. I'd met Nev when I was still living in Melbourne, but she'd followed me to Sydney to work for me and it felt like she'd always been there.

Clearly, this was news to Bailey. "So, will they miss you when you're in Tassie?"

"I'm not going to Tassie," she said, confused. "I'm only going as far as Melbs."

"What?" Bailey pulled backward, their face a mask of horror. "But I thought you were coming with us?"

"I never said that. My whole family is in Melbourne – why would I go to Tasmania?"

"Because I'm in Tasmania!" Bailey's voice was plaintive.

"Bailey..." Nev seemed to realise a few beats too late that Bailey's heart was cracking open in real time as we all watched on. "Babe, I thought you knew. I'm only with you guys to get to Melbourne safely. I'm not leaving my family. I'm sorry."

Bailey didn't reply. They stood and walked out of the house, while Nev turned to the rest of us. "I thought Bailey knew! I thought everyone knew!"

"I'll go check on Bailey," I said, slipping from the room.

Outside, the evening was pleasant, with tendrils of cool air curling around my ankles and neck. Bailey sat on the swing that dangled from the fig tree near the driveway, and I crunched over the gravel to join them.

"I'm sorry."

"I'm an idiot." Bailey wiped at their face. "It's my own stupid fault for getting up my hopes. I mean, the 'all men are stupid saps' thing wasn't great – like if I don't identify as a woman, do I count less in that family? But the fact that she let me fall this far, knowing it was only for a few weeks... It's cruel, Karla. It's fucking brutal."

"I know." I offered a hug, and Bailey cried into my shoulder in silence.

I cried as well. For Bailey, and for the simple fact that as long as we were breathing, there was still more we could lose.





Oh Bailey. Sometimes I break my own heart taking characters on a journey :( Leave me a vote if you're still happy reading - and let me know in the comments: have you been with someone you liked much more than they liked you? Or in other words - have you been a reacher, rather than a settler?

Oh Bailey. Sometimes I break my own heart taking characters on a journey :( Leave me a vote if you're still happy reading - and let me know in the comments: have you been with someone you liked much more than they liked you? Or in other words - have you been a reacher, rather than a settler? Oh Bailey. Sometimes I break my own heart taking characters on a journey :( Leave me a vote if you're still happy reading - and let me know in the comments: have you been with someone you liked much more than they liked you? Or in other words - have you been a reacher, rather than a settler? xx Kate

xx Kate xx Kate





Chapter 16


The chickens scratched in the morning sun. I watched them from the kitchen window and sipped from a water glass, absently wondering what would happen to this place once we'd ridden away. The summer storms would cause damage season after season, windows would break, mould would grow on the couches and the patchwork quilts. Animals would shelter inside and plant life would grow in the carpets. Eventually the plaster and wood would crumble back into the earth, and there would only be a few pieces of scattered, rusted metal to show that this place had ever existed.

Feeling bleak, I turned away from the window and stretched. As I lifted my arms overhead, Rueben wandered into the kitchen barefoot. Instinctively, I dropped my arms and pulled my tee down to cover my belly.

"Morning."

"Hi."

He rubbed his chin, his beard thickening from days without a razor. "Karla, I want to say I'm sorry if I upset you last night."

"Mmm." I gave nothing away. My feelings about Rueben were all over the place; my body reacted to him as if he emitted a magnetic pulse, but he scared me. His insight into my behaviour was unnerving, and I was already flat out trying to deal with my own neuroses.

More than anything, I worried in the dark corners of my mind that I liked him, really liked him, and maybe liked his daughter too. It made me too vulnerable; the last time I let myself fall for someone, it had almost ruined me.

So I kept my words to myself, and watched him warily.

His face creased, sadness written there, and maybe something more. A tentative longing. "I'm not going to ask if you've eaten. I just wanted to remind you that you're worthy of eating."

"I wish that was true," I murmured.

He closed the distance between us. "What would it take to convince you?"

Hunger ground like a pestle inside me, desire to be touched rather than a food craving. "What do you have in mind?"

His fingers raised and dancing down my neck, drawing goose bumps out like an Etch-a-sketch. "Rueben..."

He leaned forward and kissed the skin on my neck just below my ear, and I mewed helplessly. My hands raised and tangled in his hair, pulling him closer. The heat between us was fierce, beyond reason. For a blissful moment, I forgot about my weight, the journey ahead, the drama between Bailey and Nev, my existential dread, and all that existed was the pang of lust that surged in my body, that drew me ever closer to this man as if I could absorb myself inside him.

"Daddy?" Mischa's voice rang out from the other end of the house. We froze, then peeled apart like reluctant Velcro strips.

"In here, Mish."

She bounced into the room, her hair tied up in intricate braids that had Nev's fingerprints all over them. "Simon says that he'll tow my chookie all the way to Tasmania!"

"That's great, baby," said Rueben. His voice was thick and strained, and his eyes kept flicking back to me. "Does the chookie have a name?"

"Of course. Chookie!"

"Chookie, the chookie?" I said, a giggle in my tone. "I like it."

She scampered away again, and Rueben smiled. "I don't think I've ever seen her this happy."

"She's a good kid." I refilled my massive water bottle, ready for the road. "You know, you could both stay here. There's food, water, beds, chookies. The road is dangerous, and you'd be happy here."

"I'm not going anywhere you're not," he said simply. "Besides, I can't let you lot swim to Tassie."

I couldn't hide my grin as we left the kitchen. Despite my empty belly that had speedily digested the dinner from last night, and the dizziness that constantly threatened to swallow me whole, there was a fullness to my spirit.



We packed up in the driveway, and I couldn't help but grin as I watched Simon argue with the big, black chicken while he loaded it into his trailer. Despite his big talk, no chookies had been harmed on our watch.

Bailey silently loaded their bike trailer, and I watched as Nev wandered over. I'd slept next to Bailey in the big bed last night, and Nev had taken my place on the couch. At my suggestion, she hadn't tried to talk to Bailey, but now she spoke, awkward and hesitant. "Bee... Please talk to me."

Bailey didn't answer, clipping on their helmet and throwing their leg over the bike.

"Bailey, please? I'm sorry, okay? But you can't just shut me out!"

Oh yes, they could. I knew Bailey well enough; they were more than capable of ignoring the people who hurt them. It was how they'd survived after the rejection from their entire family.

Bailey called out to everyone else. "Come on, people. Let's go."

We pushed off, leaving the safety of the farmhouse behind. In comparison, the road loomed menacing and unending before us.

Our rhythm was steady: ride for a few hours, stop and snack, ride again, stop for lunch, ride again, snack, more riding. Except for me. I didn't snack or lunch. The dizziness and fatigue were part of me now, an endless ache that ebbed and flowed but never dissipated.

"We'll make Albury/Wodonga today," said Simon, studying the maps at lunch. "We're well over halfway to Melbourne now."

"Al-bry-woo-don-ga?" asked Mischa. "That's a weird name."

"It's two names," I explained. "It's a border town, so one side is in Victoria, and the other side is New South Wales."

"Are we camping in town?" asked Nev.

"Maybe. There should be a few hotels here – maybe they're still running so we won't have to camp out tonight." Rueben's eyes caught mine, and instantly I knew we were thinking about the same thing: white hotel sheets and sound-proof rooms.

The road to Albury sloped downwards in an easy, smooth arc. Maybe that's why I fell; because I was relaxed and rolling rather than straining in concentration. All I know is that one minute I was cruising along, dreaming of my newly slimmed thighs and Rueben's mouth on mine, then a wave of dizziness sucked me up out of my body, like a UFO abducting a cow. My fingers slipped on the handle bars, and I had no control as my bike wobbled beneath me. All of my muscles refused to respond, bereft of energy, and I had plenty of time to watch the ground rush towards me and strike me in the face. Then, blissful blackness.

It's dark, because he says he likes it better that way. He doesn't have to see me, see my flaws. His thrusts are hard, rough, and I try to make noises like I'm enjoying this. Because if I don't enjoy it, that's my fault. I know that.

It's dark, because he says he likes it better that way. He doesn't have to see me, see my flaws. His thrusts are hard, rough, and I try to make noises like I'm enjoying this. Because if I don't enjoy it, that's my fault. I know that. And I do enjoy it, in a fashion. I enjoy being close to him, sharing this with him, bringing him pleasure. I don't need an orgasm. I just need him.

And I do enjoy it, in a fashion. I enjoy being close to him, sharing this with him, bringing him pleasure. I don't need an orgasm. I just need him. He finishes, rolls off. I drop an arm over him, rubbing his chest.

He finishes, rolls off. I drop an arm over him, rubbing his chest. "You came, right?"

"You came, right?" I nod. I know how to answer this.

I nod. I know how to answer this. "Good. Every girl I've ever been with always comes during sex. It's weird when you don't."

"Good. Every girl I've ever been with always comes during sex. It's weird when you don't." My face nestles into his armpit, breathing his scent. I know I'm weird. When all the other girls can instantly orgasm, I need time and work. I don't want him to feel bad, so I make the right sounds and always say I came. "Do you want me to take care of the condom?"

My face nestles into his armpit, breathing his scent. I know I'm weird. When all the other girls can instantly orgasm, I need time and work. I don't want him to feel bad, so I make the right sounds and always say I came. "Do you want me to take care of the condom?"

"I didn't use one."

"I didn't use one." "What?" I've told him I'm not on the pill, how the medication doesn't agree with me.

"What?" I've told him I'm not on the pill, how the medication doesn't agree with me. "You know I hate how they feel." He slaps my backside lightly. "It'll be fine, don't worry. See, this is your problem – you can't relax in bed."

"You know I hate how they feel." He slaps my backside lightly. "It'll be fine, don't worry. See, this is your problem – you can't relax in bed." Panic rises, but I don't want to upset him. So I hug him closer and try to stop worrying. What's the worst that could happen?

Panic rises, but I don't want to upset him. So I hug him closer and try to stop worrying. What's the worst that could happen? "Karla? Karla, can you hear me? Karla, squeeze my hand."

"Ugh..." My face was aflame; the skin on my nose and chin sent signals to my pain centres that things were seriously messed up and my skull throbbed from a singular point on my temple. A metallic tang hit my tongue, and I swallowed, gagging on blood.

My eyes creaked open, Nev and Rueben's alarmed faces swimming into focus. Rueben said, "Don't try to move just yet, okay?"

I tried to move, then cried out as a bolt of agony flared from my jaw to my tailbone. "Ow! That'th really thore..."

I'm lisping. Like a satellite delay, my brain caught up with the sibilant sounds coming from my mouth. Experimentally, I pressed my tongue forward in my mouth until it found my front teeth.

I'm lisping. Not front teeth – front tooth. One tooth was normal, smooth, whole. The other tooth was snapped in a jagged diagonal line that cut the skin on my tongue as it connected. "Oh god! My tooth!"

"I have your tooth," said Rueben calmly. "But I'm more concerned about your concussion. Stay still."

Rueben's hands probed my face and skull. At some stage I'd begun to shiver, even with the warmth of the concrete against my back and the sun hard on my face. Tears dripped from my eyes, and they sizzled as they slid from my face to the ground. "I can't believe I thmashed my tooth."

"We can get your tooth fixed. Watch my finger." He drew his hand back and forth in front of my eyes, and I watched it, confused that only a few hours before I'd been dreaming about those fingers on me and in me, and now they were gauging me medically which was way less sexy.

"Her pupils are fine, and the bump isn't too large. I mean, in a perfect world she should get a head scan, but I think she'll be okay. Has anyone got electrolytes?"

"Here." Bailey stepped into my line of sight, shaking a packet of crystals into a water bottle.

Rueben helped me into a seated position, then gently tipped the salty sweet water against my lips. I guzzled it like nectar.

"You need to eat, but it will have to wait until we fix your tooth. The longer we wait, the harder it is to fix, but you need to rest, so tomorrow morning-"

I interrupted him with a squeak of fear. "I don't want to wait. I want to fix thith."

"Karla, I'm not an ER doctor. I can't tell you if your concussion is mild or worse, but either way, you should rest."

"No! Pleath." My teeth had been the one part of my body I didn't have a problem with. I couldn't face the rest of my life with a hill-billy gap. "Help me. Pleath." My stupidity had caused this. Shame pulsed more painfully than the graze on my face or the nerves of my cracked tooth. Once again, I'd screwed everything up.

Reluctantly, Rueben said, "Can you ride? It's only about ten minutes to Albury. There should be a dentist there."

"There is," interjected Simon. "Saw it on the map at lunch. Place on the way into town."

"Okay. Let's see if they can check your tooth and your head."

Nodding, I tried to rise but fell back against the concrete. Nev and Bailey rushed forward and hooked me beneath the armpits, helping me to stand. "Youse guys, we need to ride on either side of her in case she falls again," said Nev, supporting me over to my toppled bike.



Rueben rubbed my back, his intense eyes searching mine. "You should be resting."

"You theem to love telling me what I should be doing," I said, trying to lighten the moment. My face was buggered, my pride as smashed as my tooth, but with his hand on my shoulder, I wanted to be strong and unflustered.

"Tell me if you feel dizzy again."

Carefully, we saddled up and rode on. Mischa pedalled over, inspecting me carefully. "You look like a vampire," she decided.

"Thankth."

"It's okay. Vampires are cool."

"Hith," I said, pretending to hiss and making her giggle.

Albury rose over the next hill, a small city divided by the Murray River that snaked along the border line between the two states. A few houses swished past us in the rural area, then a few more, then suddenly, suburbs.

In my dazed state, I vaguely noticed the passing homes, boarded up and locked down. Signs spray-painted on garage doors made statements like, Weapons inside – trespassers will be shot , and Mum, if you read this, we're at Mark's place. It was like riding into a Western film set, where every door was barred against outlaws and eyes watched the newcomers keenly through shutters.

Weapons inside – trespassers will be shot Mum, if you read this, we're at Mark's place. "There," said Bailey, pointing towards a residential home with a tooth-shaped sign on the front lawn. The front windows were smashed out, and glass twinkled in jagged shards, catching the afternoon light.

We rode up to the reception doors, dumping the bikes and climbing the steps. My knees buckled, and Rueben looped an arm around my waist. "I've got you," he whispered softly, helping me to navigate the steps.

No drugs. No sharps. No dentist. The sign was written in black sharpie on a carboard box taped to the doors. "Thou doth protest too much," rumbled Simon, ripping the carboard off and reaching his hand through the broken pane and unlocking the door.

No drugs. No sharps. No dentist. Rueben said, "Even if there's no dentist, maybe we can still find something to help."

We entered the building, Nev calling out loudly, "Hello? Anyone here? We have a broken tooth, can anyone help us?"

The small reception area was silent, papers scattered on the floor. "Through there," said Rueben, helping me to step over the detritus and into the next room.

The dentist chair lay silently, awaiting victims who would possibly never come again. Every shelf and cupboard looked ransacked. "What are we looking for?" asked Bailey, staring around at the mess.

"I... Some kind of tooth glue, maybe? I don't know." Rueben helped me sit on a cushy office chair and shrugged at Bailey.

"You're a doctor!"

"I'm a head doctor – not a tooth doctor. We need the dentist."

"Then let's find one," said Simon, charging for a door marked private. He slammed it open, and we saw a small loungeroom on the other side. From deeper in the house, someone whimpered.

Nev darted through. "Hello? Please, if you can help us, our friend is hurt."

"Mischa, stay here." Rueben walked off after Nev, Simon and Bailey close behind.

The little girl plopped down amiably next to me, Bella in her arms. "Do you like my dad?" she asked, apropos of nothing.

"What?" I shot forward in my seat. "What do you mean?"

"My dad doesn't really have friends. But he likes you and Simon and Bailey and Nev. Do you like him?"

"Oh. Yeth, honey. We like your dad a whole bunch."



"Do... do you like me?"

Her little voice clutched at my heart. "Yes, thweetie."

"Can I have a hug?"

Broken and starving and weary, I nodded, tears barely holding themselves back. "Come here, Mish."

In the empty dental clinic, we hugged. There was a shadow of my lost baby somewhere nearby, hovering like wind on water, but this child was here and real and she needed me. Holding her tightly, I let myself fall into the simple waters of a child's affection.

Yelling disturbed our embrace: Nev, Simon, another voice pleading. "What'th going on in there?" I called out, attempting to keep my voice brave for Mischa's sake.

Nev dashed back in. "We found the dentist!"

Simon herded a slender, Asian man into the room; he was clearly terrified, his eyes tightly closed and his hands in a defensive position. "Please! Please! Don't hurt me!"

"For the tenth time," said Bailey, rolling their eyes, "we're not going to hurt you. Our friend has broken her tooth – can you fix it?"

He started weeping. "Don't hurt me! I don't have any more drugs! All the needles are gone!"

"He refused to come out of his walk-in robe," said Simon. "We had to give him a bit of motivation."

"You guyth, he'th thcared shitleth!" I pushed Simon backward and gestured to Nev to step away. "Listen, you're okay, it'th all okay."

The skinny doctor continued to rock, hugging himself with his eyes squeezed shut, murmuring, "Don't hurt me. Nothing here," on repeat.

Flummoxed, I turned to the one person in the room qualified to deal with trauma. "Rueben, can you talk to him?"

Rueben nodded, his strong face softening. He approached the dentist slowly, hands open wide. "Hey, what's your name?"

"My- my name?"

"Yes."

His large eyes popped open and locked on Rueben, fear mellowing to caution. "I am Doctor Nguyen."

"I'm Doctor Burke. I'm a psychologist from Sydney. That's my daughter over there, and these are my friends." He pointed at me. "My friend, Karla, has broken a tooth. And she has the world's most beautiful smile, so I'm really hoping you can help her out."

For the first time, the dentist looked at me. I bared my teeth and showed him the cracked gap. His wariness turned to confusion. "You don't want to hurt me?"

"No, Doctor."

"You don't want drugs?"

"Well, I wouldn't say no to some oxy," said Bailey.

"No, we're not," said Rueben with a pointed look in their direction.

The dentist straightened up. He shuffled towards me, intelligent eyes on my mouth. He indicated for me to open, and I stretched my jaw wide. His cool hands held my chin and he peered intently at the break before saying, "I can fix this. It just needs bonding."

"What'th that?" I asked.

"Tooth-coloured composite resin. It will look like your tooth. Doesn't take long."

And instantly, he was all business, as if we'd restored him to who he was before looters and vandals had invaded his clinical world. He booted out everyone except for Rueben, who stayed and held my hand. In only a few minutes, the dentist cleaned my tooth, filed it, and moulded the white resin into the same shape as my other front tooth.

"Wow." I admired his work in the small mirror. "It looks as good as new. Better, actually. No coffee stains."

"No biting into whole apples," he warned, wiping his hands. "But it should last a very long time."

"Thank you, Doctor." I smiled at him, running my tongue over my newly restored incisor. "Can we give you something to say thank you?"

He smiled shyly. "No. It's okay."

"We have vodka – would that be useful for disinfecting things? Or just for drinking?"

He paused, then nodded. "Okay."

In the reception area, Simon dug out one of the better bottles from his stash. "What happened here, Doc?" he asked as he handed it over.

"It was okay for a few days. Then, not so okay." The slender man shuddered, recalling. "A woman came with her son. She said he needed help, but when my back was turned, they knocked me down and stole all the painkillers. Another man came the next night, he had a gun, told me to give him needles. I did. More people came, and I had nothing to give, so they got angry. Now, I hide."

"Mate... Do you want to come with us?" Simon's bushy eyebrow shot up. "We're headed to Tassie. You're welcome to join."

The dentist shook his head. "No. My wife. She was in Melbourne when it happened. I have to stay here so she can find me. One day, she will come back. Then we will leave."

"Okay."

We thanked him – Nev hugged him – and helped him board up his front door again. He pressed a few codeine tablets into my hands, and said, "It's all I have left."

"Thank you." My tooth actually felt alright, but the lump on my skull was beginning to throb, and my shoulder ached from where it had smashed into the asphalt.

He shaded his eyes in the late afternoon sun. "Do not go into town. Albury is not safe. My neighbour said Shepparton is worse, and the road has become like that movie with the electric flame guitar."

"Mad Max Fury Road?" said Bailey without missing a beat.

"Yes. Very dangerous." He consulted our map and identified a little used back road that skirted around town and met up with the Hume Freeway on the other side of Wodonga. "Don't trust people," he advised solemnly. "Most of them aren't very evil, but they are scared and out for themselves."

"Thank you," I said, knowing he was right but wishing he wasn't.

We rode on, and the road rose up to greet us like an old frenemy.





Have you ever smashed a tooth? What did you think about Karla's flashback? Will Bailey forgive Nev? Chime in with a comment :)

Have you ever smashed a tooth? What did you think about Karla's flashback? Will Bailey forgive Nev? Chime in with a comment :) Have you ever smashed a tooth? What did you think about Karla's flashback? Will Bailey forgive Nev? Chime in with a comment :) I've spent allllllll weekend with my imaginary friends - I love a good writing push. I've written over 15,000 words in the last three days, and I'm not done yet. Sometimes when I push out chapters quickly, there are a few more typos than usual, so give me a shout if you see any, and you can find updates for my other book Feather Dark on my profile. Click me a vote for a sister working hard on her side hustle!

I've spent allllllll weekend with my imaginary friends - I love a good writing push. I've written over 15,000 words in the last three days, and I'm not done yet. Sometimes when I push out chapters quickly, there are a few more typos than usual, so give me a shout if you see any, and you can find updates for my other book Feather Dark on my profile. Click me a vote for a sister working hard on her side hustle! I've spent allllllll weekend with my imaginary friends - I love a good writing push. I've written over 15,000 words in the last three days, and I'm not done yet. Sometimes when I push out chapters quickly, there are a few more typos than usual, so give me a shout if you see any, and you can find updates for my other book Feather Dark on my profile. Click me a vote for a sister working hard on her side hustle! Much love, Kate

Much love, Kate Much love, Kate





Chapter 17


We didn't go far after leaving the dentist's. The silent suburbs on the city limits seemed more ominous that ever, so we biked out of there as quickly as our legs could take us. Following Dr Nguyen's advice, we found the back road and soon found ourselves surrounded by thick bush; it felt safer immediately.

The night caught up with us, then overtook us. Simon hollered out from the front of the convoy when he saw a twisted track leading into the bush, and we followed it to a small clearing, a round treeless circle in the middle of dark and scrubby trees. "This'll do," Simon declared, and we followed his lead and set up camp.

Our efficiency had improved; in less than half an hour, the tents went up, the fire was lit and we were settled in for the night. Exhausted but not sleepy, I had curled up against the backs of Bailey's legs, using them as support and watching as Bella menaced Chookie in her carrier and Simon taught Mischa how to scramble an egg.

Nev had disappeared into her tent, and a pang of guilt twanged inside me like a guitar string. She was my friend too, but Bailey was hurting more, and although I wasn't openly choosing sides, I had to give more to the person who needed it. Nev had an entire family system waiting for her; Bailey only had me.

My eyes continually flicked back to Rueben, who heated something in a saucepan over the coals. With steady hands, he poured the contents into a plastic bowl and approached me. "Potato and leek soup," he said, handing me the bowl.

I made a face and began to protest, but Bailey cut me off. "Karla, eat the freaking soup."

"I'm fine."

"No, you're not." Bailey turned me around, angst on their smooth face. "You haven't eaten in days, and don't think we don't notice. You got lucky today when you fell, but what about if that had happened near a cliff or a bridge? You could be killed. If you'd hit your head harder, you might have died from a brain injury, and there would have been nothing we could have done for you."

"Bailey... I'm sorry."

Bailey wiped their tears away angrily. "I can't lose anyone else, okay? You're my family. So as your sibling, I'm begging you to eat the soup."

Resigned and chastened, I lifted the bowl to my mouth, letting the aroma of the stock and the starchy spuds fill my nose. The first sip hit my tongue, and it was like eating for the first time. The creamy liquid rolled around my mouth as I crushed the slivers of leek and potato chunks, and when I swallowed, I could feel the heat travel all the way down my throat into my belly. I wanted not to love it, to be above such a primal instinct as food enjoyment, but I shivered in enjoyment, helpless to ignore how good it felt.

Bailey nodded in approval. "If you want to go on a health kick when we get to the farm, I'll do it with you. We can make our own bootcamp, eat rabbit food, push around tractor tyres, whatever. But time and place, Karla. Now is not the time to try and lose weight."

"Okay." I sipped the soup again, and watched as Bailey and Rueben shared an approving glance. Sitting between them, I didn't feel pressured or steamrolled into eating; I felt loved and supported. These two people meant more to me than almost anyone in the world, and if they said I was worthy enough to eat, I was starting to believe it.

When my bowl was empty, Rueben said, "Can I check your head again?"

I nodded, and he knelt beside me. His large, warm hands found my face and I only winced slightly as his fingers probed the bump on my forehead.

"I think it's okay. I want to keep you awake for an hour or so now, then you can rest. We'll need to check on you during the night – concussion protocol."



Bailey offered, "I can do it. I normally wake up before dawn, so as long as someone can check on her about midnight, that should work, right?"

Rueben said, "Great, yeah. I'll do the midnight check." He turned to me, mischief in his eyes. "Don't freak out when you wake up with someone inside your tent."

"I won't." I snuggled back against Bailey's legs and let the movement of the camp lull me into a vague stupor. Rueben took Mischa to bed, Nev reappeared and stared at Bailey with wounded eyes, while Simon poured himself a bourbon.

I hadn't realised I'd dropped off until Bailey shook me awake. "Karla? You can't fall asleep just yet."

"Ugh. It's not my fault you guys are so boring." Cranky, I pushed myself up into a seated position and rubbed my face. My head had begun to hurt again, and I needed distraction. "It must be story time again, surely?"

"The only people who haven't shared yet are you and Rueben," said Bailey.

"Well, I'm injured," I protested. "I'll have to do mine another time. Rueben?"

From across the fire, our gazes connected, and I shivered as he seemed to stare into my thoughts. Rueben said, "I can share. I can tell you about the one who hurt me."

"Great," I said breathlessly. I wanted to hear his story, I wanted to know everything. Would I have preferred to hear it over a romantic dinner at a five-star restaurant instead of over canned soup shared with three other people? Sure. But I'd take it. I felt as though I knew who Rueben was intimately, but I barely knew anything about who he had been.

Rueben folded his arms loosely, then spoke. "About ten years ago, I was working as a therapist for the Sydney elite. I can't share names, but I had some pretty well-known clients."

"Oh my god, you have to tell us who!" said Nev, speaking for the first time, lured out of silence by the prospect of celebrity goss. "We won't tell anyone, promise!"

"Breaking my clients' trust isn't about getting in trouble, Nev."

"So then tell us!"

"No."

"Will you at least give us some ideas about who they were?"

Rueben relented. "A few professional footballers, some politicians. Two movie stars and a Grammy winner. And models."

"Models?" I felt my hackles go up. In a world of pretty people, models were the top of the food chain, the effortlessly gorgeous who seemed to be a different species from the mere mortals, and several castes above fatties like me. God, I wanted to be a model. It wasn't fair that some people hit the genetic lottery and others won supplementary prizes like okay hair or nice-ish skin.

"I worked with a modelling agency who wanted to support their models psychologically. There's a lot of pressure in their industry, and the women who came to see me struggled with disordered eating, drug use, PTSD from being forced into situations against their will by people who wanted to take advantage of them." Rueben shook his head in sorrow. "Some of the girls were still in their teens and already dealing with trauma and mental health issues I'd expect to see in war vets."

We were silent, contemplating. The fire popped and I started, words tumbling from my mouth before I could hold them back. "So, let me guess: you fell for a model?"

"It's not like that," he responded, and my soup-filled stomach twisted.

"It must be at least a little like that, or you wouldn't be so defensive."

"I've been defending myself over what happened for nearly a decade," he said, standing and pacing, agitated in a way I hadn't seen before. "I thought I could share with this group without feeling judged."



Bailey poked me, hard, and I backed down. "I'm sorry," I said, feeling wounded and knowing he felt the same. It was like having 'the ex' conversation with my family listening, and I was raw from my injuries and my ebbing self-confidence.

There was also a lingering shadow over me; the flashback I'd had when I was knocked out. The memory was one I hadn't thought about in years, and it wasn't anything I wanted to revisit now. Shoving my shitty feelings aside, I said, "Please, Rueben. Talk to us. No one is judging."

Rueben rubbed his eyebrows, seeming to soothe himself. "Her name was Alena."

"Alena Bykov?" said Nev excitedly. "I know her! She was huge when I was in primary school – everyone wanted to be her, and omg those legs, and wasn't her butt insured for some stupid amount-"

"For the purpose of this story, can we please pretend that Nev doesn't know a disturbing amount about your ex's arse?" said Bailey.

Rueben smiled at them gratefully. "Alena started seeing me because she struggled with body dysmorphia."

"Wait – the hottest woman in the Southern Hemisphere thought she was ugly?" I knew who Alena was, and I remembered her flawless limbs and giant icy blue eyes staring up at me from the pages of glossy magazines, silently implying that I'd never be as gorgeous as she was. "Are you kidding me? That woman is half the reason I hated myself as a teenager, now you're telling me that she hated herself too?"

"I would have thought you'd understand, Karla," said Rueben softly.

"I understand why ugly people see themselves as ugly – not someone who was literally crowned a 'beautiful person' by Who for years."

"Anyone can have body dysmorphia – even 'beautiful people.' Alena always felt that she didn't look quite right, that her facial features were odd, that her eyes were too big, that she was bony and too tall. The modelling world loved her, but she didn't love herself."

Rueben sat back down, saying, "I worked with Alena for months, and we did intensive work. She'd had a brutal childhood, and she was abandoned by her mother very young. Her mother sold her as a child bride to a much older man, but Alena managed to escape. She was homeless for years until she managed to land a job cleaning the airport where a film producer saw her and cast her in a commercial. In her words, she went from street rat to shining star overnight, but she never stopped feeling like the skinny homeless child whose own mother gave her away."

"So how come you can't tell us which footballers you worked with, but you can share all of Alena's details?" I was starting to feel sorry for the girl with the massive blue eyes.

"You can find out all of what I'm telling you in her book. Alena wrote about it in her autobiography." Rueben had become very still, his face strained, and I longed to approach him and hold him. "She and I spoke about everything, and when I realised I'd developed feelings for her, I stopped seeing her professionally and handed her case to a colleague."

"What happened next?" asked Simon, offering Rueben a swig from his bottle.

Rueben refused the drink, saying, "About the same time I stopped our sessions, Alena decided to quit modelling, to write her book and work out who she was. Her agency did not take it well. They immediately blamed me – her agent flat out accused me of trying to ruin them, and said they'd do the same to me. I put my head down, lawyered up, and tried to pretend the whole thing never happened.

"I didn't see Alena again for almost two years." He smiled, lost in memory. "I went to a party on a friend's yacht, and there she was. She was always beautiful, and I'd forgotten how strongly I felt for her. I walked over, practicing what I would say to her, but the second she started talking, I saw."



"Saw what?"

"Saw that she was high, drunk, god knows what else." His teeth ground together, and he spoke with a tight jaw. "Things had gone downhill pretty fast for his once she didn't have work to keep her grounded. She was partying, taking whatever she could to numb the pain. Every guy who interacted with her had used her in one way or another. She was a mess.

"I took her back to her hotel, tucked her into bed, told her to call me. I never expected to see her again."

"But you did?" asked Nev.

"I did. She rang me a few days later, asked me to meet for coffee at Manly beach. She was clean, and she cried as she told me how much she was hurting, how much I'd helped her before, and how abandoned she felt when I handed her off."

In the dim light, I saw Rueben's shame. "I said that I'd never meant to hurt her, and she pleaded with me to tell her why. And god help me, I did. I told her about my feelings, that I couldn't ethically be her psychologist. And you know what she did?"

"She kissed you," I said quietly.

Rueben's eyes lowered. "I shouldn't have let it happen, but she was so beautiful, and I'd had feelings for her for so long. We slept together that night, then she moved in with me. And I was egotistical enough to believe that my love could fix her.

"But it couldn't. Of course it couldn't. The only one who could work on Alena was Alena, and she just wasn't ready."

I saw his tears, and it brought my own to the surface. "Rueben, you don't have to do this."

"I know. But the story needs telling." He blinked hard, steeled himself and continued. "We were only together for a few weeks when we found out Alena was pregnant."

"Omg. Omg! Is Mischa the child of Alena Bykov?" Nev's voice was so high, I heard several bats in the area start squeaking in response.

"Slow down, Neveah, let him tell the tale," said Simon, gruffly gesturing for her to join him on his log.

Rueben looked grateful. "About the same time, someone had spotted Alena and I together, and the photo ended up in one of those trashy magazines. Alena wasn't even famous anymore, but gossip was gossip. The photo made its way back to her former agency, and the next thing I knew, I was called in for a disciplinary hearing."

"Why?"

"The Australian Psychological Society's code of ethics states that psychologists cannot have sex with a former patient for at least two years after the professional relationship has ended. We got together two months too soon, and someone reported us. No, not someone – Alena's former agent. He wanted revenge, and he got it. I was de-registered and I lost my practice."

"Rueben, I'm so sorry."

"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times," he quoted. "I'd lost my career and my livelihood, but I was in love and expecting a child."

"Was Alena excited about the baby?" asked Bailey.

"Yes, and no. She wanted to be – I'd always told her that it was her body and I would support whatever she chose, and she chose to keep the baby freely, but her demons were always circling. She worried she'd be just as detached as her own mother, and she was overwhelmed with guilt about how being with her had ruined my professional life. I spent nine months coaching and coddling and cajoling, anything to keep her clean and by my side. It was exhausting.

"When Mischa was born, all of the effort was worth it. She was a tiny, scrunched up potato with a red face and a bald head, and I loved her from the second I held her in my arms."

"And Alena?"

"She tried. She did try." Rueben's features were wreathed in grief. "She went to her sessions with her new psychologist, did every exercise she was asked to do, read all the books, went to groups. But one day I woke up to the sound of Mischa crying and hungry, and Alena was gone."

"Where?"

"There was a note. She said she was sorry. Said she hoped we'd be happy. Said that she had tried to love us, but she didn't think there was any love inside her, and she couldn't give what she didn't have."

Rueben wept. We held the space for him.

After a few minutes, he wiped his face with trembling hands. "I found out she went back to Russia. I saw a few posts here and there about her but they tapered off after a while. I started working again in the corporate world, and when I could afford it, I hired a private investigator to find her, but they came up with nothing. There were a few theories that she had died of an overdose - just as many rumours that she'd married a sheik and moved to the UAE."

"What do you believe happened to her?"

"Honestly? I don't know. The optimist in me hoped for years that she'd come back – not for me, but for Mish. I love our daughter so much, and I don't understand how Alena could willingly walk away without another word, so then I wonder if she did die. And I'll probably never know, which is just something I have to live with."

Nev asked, "Do you still love her?"

"No. I went to therapy myself, worked with a great psychologist to dig down into my saviour complex. I realised the love I had for Alena wasn't reciprocated, and that I was so caught up in trying to love her, I never realised it was only a shell. It took me a few years, but I moved on. Now, if I love again, I want it to be equal, because loving someone who can't love you back is a hell I won't survive a second time."

Our eyes met as he spoke, and I felt the truth in them. He wasn't pining for his beautiful, mysterious ex. Thank god, because I could never compete with that. "What have you told Mischa?" I asked, my voice husky.

"As much of the truth as I can, at least until she's old enough to hear more. She knows she had a mummy, and that she was created in love. She knows that she doesn't have a mummy now, and she handles it pretty well most of the time." His smile was tragic. "I think she pretends she's fine for my sake. Every Mother's Day, she says she has a stomach ache and she stays home, and is quiet for about a week after. She's had counselling, and they tell me she's doing fine, but I still feel as though it's my fault that I can't be her mum."

"She's an amazing kid," I said, not bothering to disguise the tears that fell freely down my cheeks. "She has you. She'll be fine."

"Thanks."

As if on cue, Nev, Simon, Bailey and I surrounded Rueben and hugged him hard. I felt his sobs shudder through him as we held him tightly. We couldn't take away the hurt or bring back Mish's mum, but for a few moments, we could care for the carer.

Unwilling to break the spell bound between us all, we drifted off to bed without any more words. I popped the last of the precious codeine tablets gifted to me by the good dentist, then crashed out in my tent, feeling waves of emotion lapping over me as if I'd fallen asleep in the shallows of a sandy shore.

The rustling of my tent woke me a few hours later. As the zip opened, I smelled the freshness of the trees surrounding my tent, the ashes of the fire, and the distinctive scent of sleepy male.

"Rueben," I whispered.

He crawled up beside me, his kind face shining even in the dark. "How's your head?"

"Fine." My hand found his. "How's your heart?"

"Fine. Better than fine."

He should have left then; we both knew it. But he teetered for a moment too long, and our lips met in the darkness, a kiss that contained the secrets of everything we weren't yet brave enough to speak out loud.





Chapter pic of Natalia Vodianova, the Russian model, as a reference point to Alena.

Chapter pic of Natalia Vodianova, the Russian model, as a reference point to Alena. Chapter pic of Natalia Vodianova, the Russian model, as a reference point to Alena. Question: do you like the chapter pics? I'd like to know if I should keep posting them with chapters or if you'd prefer to direct the story inside your own mind without my help. Leave me a comment - yay for yes please, more pics, nay for no thanks Kate, we cool, girl.

Question: do you like the chapter pics? I'd like to know if I should keep posting them with chapters or if you'd prefer to direct the story inside your own mind without my help. Leave me a comment - yay for yes please, more pics, nay for no thanks Kate, we cool, girl. Question: do you like the chapter pics? I'd like to know if I should keep posting them with chapters or if you'd prefer to direct the story inside your own mind without my help. Leave me a comment - yay for yes please, more pics, nay for no thanks Kate, we cool, girl. As always, please remember to vote before you leave our road trip - more chapters on the way soon. xx Kate

As always, please remember to vote before you leave our road trip - more chapters on the way soon. xx Kate As always, please remember to vote before you leave our road trip - more chapters on the way soon. xx Kate





Chapter 18


I'm taking some liberties with locations in this chapter - Lake Tyrell is NOWHERE near the Hume Highway, but it's an amazing place so I'm moving it east a few hundred kilometres because I'm an author, and this is my universe ;)

I'm taking some liberties with locations in this chapter - Lake Tyrell is NOWHERE near the Hume Highway, but it's an amazing place so I'm moving it east a few hundred kilometres because I'm an author, and this is my universe ;) I'm taking some liberties with locations in this chapter - Lake Tyrell is NOWHERE near the Hume Highway, but it's an amazing place so I'm moving it east a few hundred kilometres because I'm an author, and this is my universe ;)





Bailey passed me a bowl of cereal the next morning. "Eat."

"Yes, parental figure."

With cool eyes, Bailey studied me as I ate the bowl without argument. When I had finished, they said, "Why are you so cheery today?"

"Why wouldn't I be?" I said innocently, pouring the dregs of my long-life milk on the firepit ashes. "It's a new day, we're almost in Melbourne, I'm not a bucktoothed freak. Everything is pretty peachy."

Bailey's eyes narrowed. "Are you blushing?"

"I'm eating again. It puts colour in my cheeks." I busied myself packing up, hiding the grin I couldn't stifle.

Rueben emerged from his tent, and his eyes found me, he smiled widely. "Good morning."

"Hi."

He crossed the camp to my side and nodded at my bump. "How are you feeling?"

"Good." I leaned forward so he could see the receding lump.

"I checked on her a few hours ago," said Bailey as they pulled up the pegs on their tent.

"Oh, really?" said Rueben, a broad grin on his kind face. Our eyes connected with shared knowledge; it was only because Bailey had gone to pee before swinging by my tent that Rueben had been able to sneak out without anyone seeing him.

"I don't want to go," he'd whispered, kissing my nose.

With firm strokes, I rubbed the strong muscles of his back. "Then stay."

"I can't." He pressed his forehead to mine. "But I'll come back."

He'd slipped out of my tent flaps only seconds before Bailey had stuck their hand in and whacked my feet through my sleeping bag, asking sardonically if I was still alive. I'd murmured in the affirmative, then finally drifted off to sleep again, the taste of Rueben on my smiling lips.

In the morning light, Bailey stared suspiciously from Rueben to me and then back to Rueben. "You guys are being weird and smiley. Stop that."

"Uh, okay," said Rueben, his voice strangled and strange, his mouth in an even wider grin.

Bailey walked off and I murmured to Rueben as I picked up my sleeping bag. "You're so not subtle."

so "I can't help it. I can't stop smiling."

"Me neither."

"Listen, I wanted to ask you about something-"

Emitting a squeal like a siren, Mischa raced past us, chasing Chookie who was chasing Bella.

"What?"

"I'll ask you later," he said. Nudging me with his shoulder, he followed the cacophony of the child/dog/chicken combo to run interference.

As we loaded the bikes, Nev wheeled up next to me. "Can I ride with you today?"

"Uh..." I glanced around for Bailey.

"Please, Karla?" She rubbed her sun-bronzed arms with her hands. I had to give it to Nev; she'd lost makeup, hair products and access to regular showers - and she still looked catwalk fresh. Her hair still fell in a silky wave cascading from her shoulders, and her tan was a perfect golden hue from the time we'd spent in the sun. In her teeny tiny sports shorts and a cropped tank, she looked like a catalogue model for a high-end sportswear company trying to capture the natural-look market. It would be annoying if it wasn't so impressive.



"Sure," I said, unable to think of a way to turn her down without appearing like a massive bitch. Which I genuinely wasn't trying to be; I just wanted to support Bailey.

"Thanks."

We pushed off, and I managed to shoot Bailey an apologetic look as Nev and I pedalled past. Bailey gave me the finger, but they rolled their eyes at the same time, which was practically giving their blessing.

As we turned onto the road, my load seemed lighter than I'd remembered. Maybe the food and supplies were dwindling, maybe I was getting stronger, or maybe I had more energy because I'd eaten carbs for the first time in a week, but it felt good to not struggle so hard for once.

"Headed for Lake Tyrell today," said Simon as we rode past him. He was pedalling slowly, like his tyres were flat or rolling through honey. "Should be about five hours. There's a good camping ground there, maybe even some cabins."

"Come on, old man, keep up," I said over my shoulder.

The road opened up in front of us, and Nev said quietly, "Simon was struggling yesterday too."

She would know. Simon had kept her company since Bailey refused to ride anywhere near her. "Maybe the grog is running out." I recalled my initial worries about Simon drying out on the road, and a flash of anxiety nuked my insides.

"Maybe." Nev pushed up a shallow hill in silence, speaking again as we crested over the top. "I hope he's alright, hey. I don't normally like hanging out with old white dudes, but as old white dudes go, he's pretty grouse."

"He's your work dad," I said. "Except we're not at work anymore, so I guess he's your road dad? Your faux dad?"

"My ride daddy?"

"Ew. I don't know why, but that sounds wrong."

Nev giggled.

We rode without speaking for a while, watching Mish and Rueben in front of us, father and daughter chatting happily. Something pinched in my heart, the way it always did when I was around kids, but it wasn't the piercing pain I normally experienced. It was something softer, like an aching muscle.

Eventually Nev broke the silence. "Thanks for riding with me today."

"That's okay."

"You know... You know I didn't mean to hurt Bailey, right?"

I sighed. "Yes, Nev. I'm just not sure it matters. You know how many people Bailey trusted that have ditched them. Now you're doing it too."

"But that's the thing! I'm not trying to ditch them! I want to invite them to stay with me and my fam."

"Hmm."

"Hmm what?"

There was so much I wanted to say, but it wasn't my place to. I worried that Bailey would be crushed in a family that only valued women, that they were moving too fast to start living together under her parents' roof. I worried mostly about losing my friend; if Bailey stayed on this side of the Tasman, it could be a very long time before I saw them again, and if things with Nev didn't work out, they'd be alone again.

Swallowing, I said, "Nev, that's really nice, it is."

Mollified by my response, Nev quickly shifted gears. "So, what's happening with you and Rueben?"

My already-flushed cheeks grew warmer. "What do you mean?"

"Uh, don't even try playing dumb. I'm not sleeping much at the moment, and you guys weren't exactly quiet last night."



I'd forgotten how close Nev's tent had been to mine; in Rueben's arms, I'd forgotten that there was a world at all outside my tent flaps. "We kissed. Did some other stuff."

"Oo, yay! Get some, Ms K!"

"Nev!" I shushed her, giggling. "We didn't have sex."

"Boo. Why not?"

"Well, we're taking things slow, for starters."

"Ugh. Literally, if you haven't learned after all of this that life is short, I can't even..."

"It's not just that. We didn't have condoms."

"So? Yewse would have such adorbs babies."

A twist low in my belly at the mention of babies, like an old scar that occasionally pulled without warning. Forcing myself to sound cheerful, I compensated by saying, "We did plenty of other things, though..."

The memory lit up my brain, so bright it was almost painful. The second our lips had met in the dark, it was as everything else was only a distant dream. The dirt of the road, the cuts on my face, the existential terror, it all fell away. This was real; the feel of Rueben's mouth against mine, his breath pouring into me, his hands framing my face. Nothing else mattered.

Ravenous for him, I pulled him down to my sleeping bag. He kissed below my ear, my neck, my collarbone, and I moaned, arching my back towards him. With no light to expose my flaws, I felt powerful, desirable. My curves were thick and full under his fingers, and he explored my skin with keen enthusiasm.

It was languid and lazy and lovely. Each removed item of clothing was a discovery. When I eventually brought him over the edge, when he muffled his groan into my shoulder and his body shuddered from my touch, I felt a surge of power that I could bring him undone. We spent the rest of the time drifting and dozing, sporadically emerging from sleep to kiss and touch again.

There was an intimacy to the evening that caused a bubbling fear in my stomach. Rueben was supposed to be a placeholder, a distraction on the road. He'd told me that he wasn't ever going to get serious with me because of Mischa, so I though we understood what we were. This was simply human comfort. Dean was the endgame, the man I'd loved since puberty.

But right now, Dean seemed very far away, and Rueben was here, and the connection I felt was beginning to seep its way into my heart like water sucked up into the stem of a cut rose. I shivered in the warm sun of the day and tried to focus on what Nev was saying.

"Lady, you've got it bad." Nev sighed dreamily. "At least one of us is getting some. Speaking of your sleeping bag buddy..."

Rueben had dropped back to ride beside us. "Hey, Nev? Do you mind riding ahead with Mischa today?"

"Sure!" With an obvious wink, she said, "Have fun, you two!" She stood on her pedals, tanned skin gleaming, and powered after Mischa.

"Hi again," Rueben said.

"Hello hello." A sudden memory struck me from last night, Rueben's lips circling my nipple, and I almost missed my footing on the pedals.

But he had grown serious. "So, I had something I wanted to check in with you about."

"If you're going to ask me if I'm okay about what happened, the answer is yes."

"Look, good – I'm glad, same for me, more than okay." He kept his eyes on the road ahead, seeming to compose his words carefully before saying, "I wanted to know if you enjoyed yourself."

"Uh, yes. You can't tell by this?" I pointed at my raw red cheeks and goofy smile.

"No, Karla – let me be direct: did you come last night?"



Now I did slip on the pedals, pitching forward on the handlebars. "Jesus! That's a question."

"Because you know that I did. And I think you want me to think you did. But I don't think you did."

I couldn't answer. My mouth, for once, had nothing to say.

My silence was an answer of itself. Rueben nodded. "Okay, do you want to tell me why?"

My head shook of its own accord, tight little wobbles.

"Did I do something wrong?"

"No!" My tongue finally leapt into action. "Not at all! I'm just..."

"Just what?"

God, if I thought I'd been blushing with Nev, that had nothing on my face now. My skin was so hot, it felt like it would slide off the bones of my skull. "I'm weird, okay? It takes ages for me to, you know... get there."

"How long is ages?"

"Like, ten, fifteen minutes," I whispered, humiliated. My flashback from the previous day was still pretty fresh, and like an anchor dragged through murky waters, it stirred up memories of being constantly told I was taking too long.

This is because we didn't have sex. I cursed myself for the rookie mistake. It was easier to fake it during intercourse – the guys I'd been with tended not to notice very much once they reached that point. I should have known that my pretending was out of practice.

This is because we didn't have sex. I scrambled to explain. "Look, it's not a problem. I don't have to orgasm to enjoy myself. I loved being with you last night, truly. The intimacy is my favourite part, and giving the other person pleasure. I can't come just from intercourse either, you should probably know that up front too, and I know I'm weird, but please don't-"

"Karla." He stopped my rambling with a single word, and I dared a glance at him, grateful to see that he didn't look angry or weirded out. "Back up a second. First of all, there are extensive studies that show the average time for a woman to climax is about 13 minutes, so you're not weird."

"Wha... Really?" My jaw dropped. "It seems to happen way faster in porn."

"Porn isn't real life. Not a good basis for comparison."

"Well, I've never had sex with woman, so I don't have a lot to compare to." Confusion roared inside my mind. "The guy I used to be with, he told me all women get there super quick."

"Your ex could stand to do some research," Rueben said dryly. "Either that or every woman he's ever been with had to fake it due to his lack of skills..."

A laugh like a value releasing burst from my chest, then I sealed my lips over in guilt, instinctively rebuking myself for daring to laugh when I was the problem.

Wait. No, I'm not. I'm normal. Rueben says so. I'd spent years of my life berating myself for not being good enough in bed, the reprogramming was going to take a while.

Wait. No, I'm not. I'm normal. Rueben says so. Rueben was talking again. "As for not climaxing from intercourse alone, there are really comprehensive studies stretching back for years that show only about 25 percent of women can orgasm that way. You're actually in the majority there. And statistically about 15 percent of women have never had an orgasm – ever."

"Oh my god." I shook my head, distressed, trying to assimilate this new information. "But every movie, every book, they all make it seem like women get there every time."

"I have a working theory that's because most media, including porn, is written, produced and directed by men." He shrugged, abashed. "And look, I'm the first one to say that we men would love it if our penises alone were enough to produce earth shattering orgasms every time. Most guys genuinely want their partner to enjoy themselves, but they don't always have the energy to do the work, or they can't spare the time, or their desire for their own pleasure means they hurry things along."



"So... all men are bastards?"

"Not what I'm saying. It's hard for someone to imagine the experience of another person who's different to them. When you have a penis, you think that everyone else's genitals work the same way yours do. Society doesn't help, because somewhere along the way, everyone bought into the myth of the instant female orgasm, and when everything you see or hear backs up the narrative that you've built for yourself - that you're effortlessly good in bed and your partner gets off just by looking at you - it's hard to wake up from that fairy tale."

The tall trees on either side of the road seemed to shelter our conversation like benevolent guardians. I digested for a few moments and Rueben gave me space. Confusion began to morph into hurt; I felt like calling my ex and asking him, did you know you were lying to me? Were you trying to wound me or did you really believe your own hype? It had to be the latter, because we'd loved each other. I refused to believe that he would deliberately damage my self-worth like that.

did you know you were lying to me? Were you trying to wound me or did you really believe your own hype? It wasn't just him. I'd believed what he said because deep down, I didn't feel worth his time to pleasure. I was the fat girl who should have been grateful that anyone as attractive as him would even look my way, let alone get naked with me. My privilege was to give pleasure, not receive it.

Eventually I said, "I feel like you've just told me that the moon landing was a hoax perpetrated by lizard people ruled by Elvis."

"If you talk to a few honest women, they'll back me up on this one. I spent a lot of time with people in therapy at their most raw and truthful, and I've heard this same tune over and over again."

"At least I'm not the only one." At some stage, I'd stopped feeling so awkward, and a strange lightness overtook my body. I'm not weird. I'm normal. It was like having someone remove a giant black backpack off my shoulders I'd forgotten I was wearing.

I'm not weird. I'm normal. Rueben cleared his throat. "So... I have a proposal. How about tonight, when I come to your sleeping bag, you give me a chance. I get at least 15 minutes of dedicated time on you, and if you don't get there, that's okay, no pressure, but for quarter of an hour, let me try."

The seat of my bicycle suddenly felt awfully warm, and a delicious shiver ran over my skin. "Okay," I said, my voice husky.

"Guys?" Bailey's voice cut in from behind us, and both Rueben and I started, turning to see Bailey racing up beside us. "I think something's wrong with Simon. We should take a break."

I braked and peered back, seeing Simon's figure tiny in the distance. "Good idea. It's lunch anyway."

Bailey yelled for Nev and Mischa to come back, and we set up lunch beside the road beneath the shade of a gum tree that had to be at least two hundred years old. The old tree watched us like a kindly grandfather, branches swaying with a secret message. I was here before you. I'll be here after you're gone. But here we are together for now.

I was here before you. I'll be here after you're gone. But here we are together for now. We drank from our water bottles which were starting to run low, and ate an odd meal of jerky, warm lettuce and over-ripe tomatoes. Simon caught up as were we serving, and he waved away our concern. "I'm fine," he growled, sipping from his flask. "It's just noneya, that's all."

"Noneya?" asked Mischa quizzically.

"None ya business," he replied, sitting heavily.

Pitstop over, we packed up and moved on. Bailey had done the map check, saying, "Lake Tyrell is only a few more k's away, but we'll have to ride around the lake to get to the cabins. They'll have tank water there, and hopefully no one will greet us with a shotgun..."

We rode as a tight, slow cluster after lunch. No one wanted to leave Simon behind again, Rueben and I stayed as close as we could while being subtle, Bailey shadowed Nev, and Mischa amused herself by riding in circles around the group.

It was late afternoon by the time we passed the turn-off sign for Lake Tyrell. "I've never heard of this place before," I said.

"Prepare to say, 'ooo,'" said Simon knowingly.

"What? I don't say things like, 'ooo.'"

We turned the corner, and as I caught sight of the view, I immediately said, "Ooo!"

Simon, wisely saying nothing about his correct prediction, laughed in his gruff way. "Not bad," he said. "Not bad at all."

The road followed a high ridge over a large lake that sprawled in every direction and caught the light of the sun as it dipped lower on the horizon. As majestic as the vista was, one feature set it apart and made it otherworldly: the entire lake glowed in a soft, pastel pink. From the crumbly edges of its banks to the broad plain of its centre, it gently undulated in shades of bubble gum, rose and salmon.

"It's gorgeous!"

Nev cried out loud from behind us. "Omg, youse guys, this is horrible!"

"What? Why?"

"Because that's the most Instagrammable thing I've ever seen, and we don't have any working cameras!"

There was good-natured laughter as we pulled over to properly admire the view, and for once I agreed with Nev. It was a shame that we couldn't take a picture when the vista was so glorious and the people I held dearest were all with me, safe and happy.

So I took a mental snap instead. Nev bouncing up and down, her long hair whipping in the wind as she whacked Simon lightly in excitement. Simon's bearded face hiding a hint of a smile behind the hair. Bailey's expression calm and serene, as if they'd found a moment of peace beside the pink water. Mischa holding the fluffy Bella tight, Rueben's arm around her shoulders. And very subtly, his fingers intertwined with mine. Click.

Click. The photo in my mind helped later. I was grateful at the time that I didn't know it was the last place we'd all be together.





I don't know who needs to hear this, but - you are not weird if you don't orgasm quickly or just from intercourse. You are not weird if you don't have orgasms often or at all. There are tons of ways to enjoy intimacy with another person. Please don't buy into the myth that all women have the same experience with sex, because it simply isn't true. The studies I've mentioned in this article are real research projects that you can google up for yourself.

I don't know who needs to hear this, but - you are not weird if you don't orgasm quickly or just from intercourse. You are not weird if you don't have orgasms often or at all. There are tons of ways to enjoy intimacy with another person. Please don't buy into the myth that all women have the same experience with sex, because it simply isn't true. The studies I've mentioned in this article are real research projects that you can google up for yourself. I don't know who needs to hear this, but - you are not weird if you don't orgasm quickly or just from intercourse. You are not weird if you don't have orgasms often or at all. There are tons of ways to enjoy intimacy with another person. Please don't buy into the myth that all women have the same experience with sex, because it simply isn't true. The studies I've mentioned in this article are real research projects that you can google up for yourself. In the meantime - have you ever been to a pink lake? More chapters on the way, please vote for this lovely long chapter as I go work on the next one ;) xx Kate

In the meantime - have you ever been to a pink lake? More chapters on the way, please vote for this lovely long chapter as I go work on the next one ;) xx Kate In the meantime - have you ever been to a pink lake? More chapters on the way, please vote for this lovely long chapter as I go work on the next one ;) xx Kate





Chapter 19


"Riding in a car."

"Riding in a glass elevator. Man, my old building used to have one, and riding up to the top floor was like magic."

"I'll miss being in an aeroplane, off somewhere faraway and fabulous. I'll even miss plane food!"

"Nev, the most exotic place you've ever been is the Gold Coast for a boozy weekend."

"Right! Like I said, fabulous."

"I'll miss just being able to call people. Not that I ever really did, lol, I'm a millennial, but the thought that I could, I'll miss that. Now if someone isn't with me, that's it. I have no idea how they're doing or if they're even still alive..."

I hadn't meant for things to get dark so quickly. We were sitting around yet another campfire, albeit in a truly idyllic location, and we were passing the time before bed by playing another round of 'stuff I'll miss in the post-apocalyptic world.'

But as everyone's faces fell, I realised I'd screwed up by mentioning phones and our general lack of communication with the people we loved. I could tell that Rueben was thinking about Alena and how there would never be any closure there, how Mischa would never receive an out-of-the-blue call from her mum. Nev and Bailey were watching each other, wary and longing, each clearly considering the ramifications of being separated by the Tasman Sea. Even Simon was stoic. For him, no phones meant no way ever to reconcile with his son and daughter, and the end of their story would dangle forever like a dropped call, mid-sentence.

It had been such a peaceful afternoon until that point, a welcome plateau on our laborious journey. The Lake Tyrell campsite was abandoned, seemingly in a hurry, with Eskys and camping gear dumped everywhere. "People must have hightailed it out when they heard the news about the nanobots," said Bailey.

"Lucky for us," said Simon, rescuing a six-pack of beer from beside a toppled tent and cracking one open.

When we'd searched the campsite thoroughly and found it empty, we claimed a set of small cabins on the south side of the lake. The accommodation was nothing fancy; the cabins were wooden, containing a room with a small couch and a double bed, but they felt like five-star luxury compared to our tents.

"Doors that lock," Rueben murmured in my ear as he passed, causing me to drop my water bottle mid-refill. The tanks thankfully worked, which meant we could relax on the hydration-front for a while, and we found a cold-water shower at the back of each cabin, so everyone managed to have a quick rinse to scrub away the road.

Refreshed, we'd lit the fire, made dinner, put Mischa to bed, and allowed ourselves some precious down time. It had almost felt like a holiday until I'd managed to depress the crap out of everyone.

I clapped my hands and tried to shake my friends out of their funks. "I have a different question. We can't go back to the way life was, so if we're stuck like this, what's your new dream? Like, picture yourself in a year – what does happy look like?"

Faces brightened as they considered the future. Bailey said, "I want to be around people who accept me. Maybe find an old typewriter somewhere, start writing poetry again."

"I didn't know you wrote poetry," said Nev, awed. "Can I read some, please?"

"Poetry is born in pain. You'll probably be written into their poems as some kind of hideous dragon, Neveah" warned Simon.

Nev's eyes grew round. "What? You wouldn't do that, would you, Bailey?"

Bailey had an impish glint as they said, "Of course not. I could never write you as a dragon, Nev."



"Thank you."

"You'd be a gorgon, for sure."

"Wait, what's a gorgon?"

Stifling a giggle, I turned to Rueben. "What about you?"

He stretched back, leaning into the comfort of one of the cushy camping chairs we'd found vacated around the site. "I want to be somewhere Mischa is safe, where she can run around and not feel scared. I want to see her grow into a woman who is brave and hopeful."

"But that's Mischa. What about you?"

He reconsidered. "I can picture myself with someone, reading books by firelight, snuggling close to keep warm in winter."

God, I want that. In that moment, I wanted that so powerfully, it took all my strength not to throw myself into his arms in front of everyone and cry, Me! Me! Pick me!

God, I want that. Me! Me! Pick me! I rubbed my eyes, as if I could clear them of Rueben's vision. What is wrong with me? Dean. I love Dean. I'm going to Dean, and it's going to be magical. So why was it getting harder to picture his face, or find him in my heart?

What is wrong with me? Dean. I love Dean. I'm going to Dean, and it's going to be magical. Rueben went on. "I think I'd like to start practicing again. There's no Psychological Society to prevent me from helping patients anymore, and god knows people are going to be traumatised and grieving for years to come after an event like this. If I can help, I'd like to."

"That would be amazing," I said. "You'd be brilliant."

"You could start a roadside stand like Lucy from those Charlie Brown cartoons," said Nev excitedly.

We all laughed, but it was with Nev, not at her.

"What about you, Nev?" I asked.

She paused, flummoxed. "Honestly? I have no idea. My whole life was built around socials. Now that's all gone, I'm not sure I'm really good for anything."

"That's not true." Simon leaned forward. "You're brave and you're kind and you're tough, Neveah. There's plenty of need for women like you in this world."

"Wow. Thanks, Simon." Nev seemed blown away.

"He's right," said Bailey softly. "You're incredible, Nev."

"Thank you."

They shared a moment with the rest of us watching, but before it could get awkward, Nev said, "Actually, there is something I've thought about doing. See, I'm actually a really good sewer, because I'm used to adjusting all my clothing. You can't have an outfit that looks the same as everyone else's so I'd change little things, add, take away, shorten, tighten, that kind of stuff. My nonna taught me how to sew, and I love it."

"That's cool, Nev," I said genuinely.

"Yeah?" She bristled happily. "So, like, there will probably be enough clothes for the next few years or whatever, but eventually, people will run out and they'll need help altering something. Or I could learn how to make things from patterns – I bet no one has thought to raid the haberdashers yet, so I could store up bolts of fabric and cotton."

Bailey spoke up. "If I find a pedal sewing machine while I'm looking for my typewriter, you can have it."

"Thanks. That means a lot."

Rueben nudged me with his foot. "Your turn, Karla."

"Me?" I only had one clear image of my future: being skinny. Slender arms, toned legs, flat stomach. Cheek bones taut, my back sinewy. Bailey was right; now wasn't the best time for a crazy diet, but when we reached the farm, my only goal was to reduce my weight down to a point where people would call me willowy instead of buxom.



But that wasn't an appropriate dream to share with the team, so I said instead, "I'd like to sit on a council, I think. I'm a problem solver, and I know I could help to find some order and solutions as we try to find our way forward."

"Politics? Cool." Bailey approved.

"And in my downtime, I'd take up ceramics again. In uni, I used to go and hang out with the arts students, and I got hooked on pottery. You don't need electricity to run a kiln, and there's plenty of clay in Tassie." Back before Day Zero if a plate broke, you just ducked down to Target and bought a new one. This new world required everyone to think more sustainably. "We'll need all the old crafts back again – the sewers, the potters, the smiths."

"Don't forget the brewers," said Simon. "My dream is to build a little cider brewery. You toss me a mug, young lady, and I'll fill it with cider from Tassie's best apples. I'll have a little place of my own, and every night, I'll sit with a flagon of the good stuff and watch the sun go down over the rolling hills."

We were all silent for a moment, struck by Simon's beautiful vision. "That sounds amazing," I said.

"Can I visit?" said Nev.

"You're welcome any time, my girl." Simon smiled at her, and I realised that Simon thought of Nev as his daughter as much as she'd adopted him as her road trip dad.

The topic expired, as conversations always did after a time. Bailey looked over at me, their grey eyes keen in the dim light. "So, Karla. I think it's time."

"Time for what?"

"Your story. The one who hurt you."

"Oh. That."

"Yeah," said Nev, jumping in to support Bailey. "Everyone else has done theirs, it's totally your go!"

Dread began to fill me up, shockingly cold as if someone had stuck a hose in me and turned it on. "But... It's getting late."

"No, it's not," said Simon unhelpfully. He pointed at his watch. "It's barely eight."

"I... I don't have a drink!" I said, suddenly triumphant. I was certain Simon had run his grog stores dry, which explained his low energy and slow riding.

He ruined my plan by pulling a bottle of red from his bag. "Got you covered there. It's the good stuff too. Nothing like a $500 bottle of plonk to get you in the mood for stories."

He poured everyone a cup, and I solemnly accepted mine. Unable to think of another reason to delay or defer my turn, I swallowed a big gulp, barely tasting the silky, expensive grenache. "Okay. But this is really hard."

"We know. We've been there too," said Rueben, shifting his chair closer to mine. "We're all here for you."

I blew out a long breath, then began. "My story is like Simon's. I'm the one who hurt myself. I was nineteen. He was twenty-two." I smiled as it all came back to me: the way I'd felt in those early days. "He called me Kay. I called him Dom. It was my first real relationship, and oh man, it was heady stuff."

I wouldn't detail it for the group, but my memory vaults spilled open with a slew of images: Dom's lean torso as he peeled off his shirt, the sight of our legs tangled up in my white sheets, his face above mine as he pressed into me for the first time. Involuntarily, I shivered. "I lost my virginity to Dom. And I had no regrets, unlike all my friends who'd popped their cherry with randoms, guys they didn't care about.

"I was living in Melbourne at the time, and so was he. He was in a shared apartment, but I had my own place, a tiny studio on Lygon Street, so we stayed at mine mostly. We could spend an entire weekend there and never come up for air, ordering in food, having sex, watching TV..."



"Sounds romantic," sighed Nev.

"Sounds boring," said Bailey. I shot them a look; Bailey knew the ending of the story, but not the details. They'd seen me when I was shattered afterwards, but I needed them to understand there had been good times too.

"It was perfect," I said. "I'd never in a million years thought that someone like Dom would fall for me. He was so handsome, and I was just this blobby kid."

Rueben asked, "What did your family think of him?"

Silently, I cursed the way his questions always cut through to the tricky topics. "Well, we actually didn't tell our families we were dating."

"Why not?"

"Dom felt that family involvement only complicated things." I remembered one of the few times I'd tried to raise it with him. He'd rolled his eyes. Babe, family is messy. And besides, I want you all to myself... He'd placed my hand on his hard-on, and that was the end of the conversation. To the others, I said, "I didn't mind. Really. What we had was so special, I didn't need anything else."

Babe, family is messy. And besides, I want you all to myself... "It sounds isolating," said Rueben.

"It wasn't. I had him, and I was his."

"Oo!" said Nev. "Tell me about all the romantic dates he took you on!"

"Well, we didn't really do stuff like that. I was a broke uni student, and Dom was struggling to find the right job after finishing his bachelor's degree."

"But... you must have gone out to dinner, or had picnics in the park?" Nev was crestfallen.

"No. Dom used to say, 'Why would I want to go out there when we could just stay here and be us.'" I'd thought it was the most romantic notion ever, that we were too in love to share even a moment with the outside world.

Bailey cut through my rose-tinted version. "So, you didn't go anywhere, you didn't do anything, and he didn't introduce you to his family or friends. Sounds like he was ashamed of you."

"I... It wasn't the way you're making it sound, Bailey." My voice rose defensively. "It wasn't about shame. Dom wanted to work in corporate law, and everything was about appearances. He couldn't be seen with someone like me, or it might have hurt his career."

"What do you mean, someone like you?"

"Someone fat." There. I'd said it. A single tear of shame slid down my nose and I wiped it away angrily. "He'd just started at a new firm, and all the other lawyers had super-fit, super-skinny girlfriends. Dom had an image to maintain. He couldn't have a lard-arse like me hanging off him. It would have been embarrassing."

More embarrassing was when Dom had to explain this to me. "Babe, you know that if it was my choice, I'd have you there in a heartbeat," he'd said one night as he straightened his bowtie in the mirror. He had a fancy work dinner that night, his first one since starting at the firm, and he was desperate to make the right impression. "This is good for us, I promise. I'll get established, then we can talk about this again down the track. Besides, this one's on you. If you stuck to your diet, you'd be ten kilos lighter by now. I would have bought you a pretty dress, and you could have come with me."

"I'm sorry," I'd whispered miserably. I'd tried to stay on the diet - god, how I'd tried. But I was tired all the time, and my periods had stopped, and the dizziness was making it hard to concentrate. I'd started eating carbs again during my exam period because I couldn't afford to fail, but instead I'd failed him.

Dom had shaken his head sadly. "Sometimes I think you love food more than you love me. I guess I shouldn't be surprised. I've always known you were lazy and I've tried to overlook it."



Once he'd left, I'd sobbed until my throat was raw. I made myself vomit in the toilet, regurgitating the veggie wrap I'd eaten for lunch, and I didn't eat again for a week, until I started shivering so hard from being cold that when my mum had seen me, she'd rushed me to the doctors.

To the group around the fire, I said, "I tried to lose weight for him, followed the diets and exercise plans he put me on, but it never seemed to work. I wasn't good enough for him, and we both knew it."

A few stray mozzies filled in the gaping silence with their buzzing. Slowly, Simon said, "Let me get this straight. This bloke kept you at home, used you as an easy lay, never let you meet any of his people, and told you that you were too fat to be seen with him in public. And you seriously believe that he loved you?"

I opened my mouth, then closed it again. It hadn't been the way Simon made it sound. Had it?

Rueben said, "Karla, sometimes it's hard to recognise coercive control when we're used to it."

"What's coercive control?" asked Nev.

"It's a form of psychological abuse. Coercive control is an act or a pattern of acts that's used to harm, punish, or frighten someone. Abusers can use assault or threats, but sometimes it's more subtle, like humiliation and isolation." Rueben leaned forward in full shrink mode. "Karla, did you ever turn him down for sex?"

"No," I admitted. Not even when I'd been so dizzy I could barely stand, or my period cramps had crippled me. I took pride in being there for his needs.

"Did you feel as though you had control in your relationship?"

"Yes! He used to say that he didn't know what he'd do if he left me. Once, when I couldn't come over because I was stuck with my study group, Dom called me and said that he was staring at a bottle of sleeping pills, thinking about taking them all because I wasn't by his side." I felt triumphant. My presence meant the difference between his life being worthwhile and suicidal thoughts. If that wasn't power, then I didn't know what was.

But Rueben shook his head. "Threats of suicide and self-harm are actually a major red flag in abusive relationships. They're another form of control. What did you do when he said that to you?"

"What do you think I did? I left the study group and ran to his house as fast as I could!" I was his saviour, and the look on his face when I burst in the door was such a turn-on. He'd tossed me to the sheets, and growled, I don't like to share you. You're mine.

I don't like to share you. You're mine. That was also the first night I'd experienced anal sex – another fact I wouldn't be sharing with the group. I hadn't thought about that night in so long, and even now, I flinched at the memory of the agonising encounter.

But Dom had been so happy afterwards. God, that was good. You loved that, didn't you, dirty girl? he'd said huskily, biting my earlobe. I didn't have the heart to tell him how much pain he'd caused me; I just assumed that once again, I was doing it wrong – just like my orgasms.

God, that was good. You loved that, didn't you, dirty girl? Rueben interrupted my reminiscing. "So, you left your study to be with him. Do you really think you were the one in control?"

No. Not when he put it like that. But I wasn't giving Rueben the satisfaction of my answer, so I rolled on. "Anyway, none of this is what I wanted to talk about. It's what happened at the end of our relationship. We'd been together for about two years, I had just turned twenty-one, and I screwed up."

"How?"

"I got pregnant." My fingers interlaced themselves at my belly, as if they could bring back the tiny life that had once been there. "Dom hated using condoms, and I couldn't take the pill. I tried to be careful, but it didn't work and I fell pregnant."



"Wait," said Nev, "how is that your screw up? Did he know you couldn't take the pill?"

your "Yes..."

"Well, I'm sorry, but not liking condoms isn't a good enough reason to not wear them."

"She's right," said Bailey. "Men share responsibility for contraception."

"I could have done more," I defended. "I could have gotten an IUD, or an implant."

"So why didn't you?"

"There wasn't ever time! I was in exams, or studying for exams, and every free minute I was with Dom!" My weekends were spent like I was an on-call surgeon: Dom would ring to let me know he was on his way over, and if I wasn't at home when he arrived, he'd get upset. It meant that I couldn't do anything that would take me further than twenty minutes from my apartment, and that wasn't long enough for a doctor's appointment.

"So you were pregnant. What happened?" asked Rueben.

This was where it got hard. I tried to tell the tale without falling apart. "Because of all my dieting, my period had been sporadic, so I didn't realise I was pregnant until I was about fourteen weeks along. My exams were finally over, and I'd gone to a clinic on campus. They asked me if I wanted an ultrasound. I did, but it wasn't what convinced me that I wanted to keep the baby. I already knew that I loved them."

I smiled through my tears. "They were a little bean on the screen, and the sonographer said that it was too early to tell for sure but she was pretty sure I was carrying a boy. I know I was young, but I knew, I knew that I wanted that baby. I could put my career on hold for a year, get my mum to help, maybe even Dom's family would finally get to meet me and they'd want to lend a hand too. I was so happy."

knew "Was Dom happy?" asked Simon.

"He was... surprised." That wasn't a lie; Dom had been shocked beyond belief.

After I'd told him, he'd collapsed to the bed, dazed. "Shit. Shit!"

"It's okay," I soothed, rubbing his shoulders. "We'll be fine, babe. I can do this, and it won't impact you, I promise."

"Kay... You're not seriously thinking about keeping it, are you?" His face had scrunched with scorn.

"I am." I felt bold, certain in my choice. "I spent my whole childhood looking after my little cousins – I love kids, and I'm great with babies. I want this."

"What about what I want? What I need?" He started pacing around the room. "I can't be a dad at twenty-four! I'll be a laughing stock at work. Plus a baby means sleepless nights – it'll completely screw my career!"

I'd pulled my knees into my chest, instinctively protecting my belly. "I'll do all the work. It won't impact you."

"Babe, you know that's not true." He towered over me. "This discussion is over. I'm not having a baby."

"No, you're not," I said, in wonder at my own confidence. "I am. And you don't have to be part of this baby's life, but he will be part of mine."

"What are you saying?"

I rose. "That I can do this on my own. My parents will help, and so will my brother. I can support myself. But I've always dreamed about being a mother, and yeah, maybe this is a bit early, but I want this more than anything I've ever wanted."

"Even me?"

He threw it down like a dare, but I wasn't backing down. "I don't want to choose. But I'm having this baby, Dom."



"Then you're throwing us away."

I had to leave before my courage failed me. "I can't throw him away. Goodbye, Dom." I fled.

To Rueben, I said, "Dom wasn't supportive, and I broke up with him."

"And the baby?" whispered Nev.

I smiled in memory. "He grew. We had another month together, and I sang to him every day, took all my prenatal vitamins, read all the books. I hadn't told anyone yet; it was my secret, a sacred bond between me and my child.

"But Dom... He realised what he'd lost pretty quickly, and he was desperately trying to win me back. Love notes, flowers, fifty phone calls a day. He slept on my doorstep a few times."

I'd eventually let him in after my neighbours complained, and Dom had fallen at my feet like a bundle of rags. "Kay... Please. I can't live without you."

"You don't have to," I told him. "But you'll have to accept our baby too."

Without another word, he scooped me up and took me to bed. He worshiped my body that night, touching, tugging, caressing, cajoling. It was one of the few times I actually came at the same time as he did, and afterwards he'd wept in my arms.

With my eyes on the fire, I continued the story. "Dom and I got back together, and I'd thought he'd accepted the baby. I was wrong. He spent weeks convincing me how much he loved me, but that a baby would ruin us. He begged me, pleaded like a broken man."

He was always a gifted debater, I had to give him that. Without pause, Dom listed every reason why a baby was our death knell: our careers, our finances, our sleep, our sex lives.

"I always pictured us buying a house together before we had kids. Don't you want somewhere to call our own when we bring home our first child?"

"You have no idea how much shame this will cause me. My dad, he'll probably disown me for having a baby before I'm married. God, babe, you'd look incredible walking down the aisle towards me, wearing white..."

"What about our holiday plans? You wanted to spend a year in Europe, didn't you? I'll come too! It'll be so romantic. One of the guys in my office, he has a villa in the Greek Islands, and we could lay around all day having sex by the pool. But we can't do any of that with a baby."

"There's so much time to have kids, babe. I want kids with you, of course I do, a whole messy bunch of them, boys who look like me, sweet daughters, just like their mum. Just not yet. Please..."

To my friends around the fire, I said, "I was so in love with him, and he convinced me that we were in it for the long haul. We would have babies some day when the time was right. So I called up and made an appointment. I terminated the pregnancy at fifteen weeks."

Rueben reached for my hand, and I felt his fingers through the fog of my grief. "How did you feel after?"

"Empty. I knew it wasn't murder, but it felt like I'd sacrificed something so dear to me, I couldn't bear it." My tears fell hot and fast now, and I let them fall, each one a drop in the ocean that I'd wept over the years for my lost pregnancy.

"What happened?" asked Nev.

"Dom was cranky because I wasn't able to have sex afterwards which was his main form of stress relief, and he seemed annoyed rather than grateful or relieved. 'Thank god that disaster was averted,' he said when he picked me up afterwards." I didn't mention the blow job he'd demanded when we got home because he knew that intercourse was off the table.

"We limped along for a few more weeks. Then one day he went for a shower and left his phone on my side of the bed. I wasn't prying, I swear, but these messages kept popping up, one after the other..." I closed my eyes, trying to block the memory. "It was a girl from his office. She was sending nudes, and she was skinny and beautiful and everything I wasn't. And it was pretty clear they'd been sleeping together.



"I confronted Dom when he finished in the shower, and he wasn't even that worried. 'What do you expect?' he'd said. 'You're out of action, and she's way hotter than you anyway.'" I'd been eviscerated in that moment, and the scars still hurt today. "He left."

"Was that the end of it?"

"No. Sadly, I have zero shame, and I was sure that if I just tried hard enough, he'd realised that he still loved me, and that we were supposed to live the rest of our lives together." My smile was tragic. "It didn't work. It especially didn't work when I tried to see him at his office. The last thing he said to me was, 'Don't you get it? I can never be with someone who looks like you.'"

I tried to laugh weakly. "So that's my story. I lost my baby and the love of my life because I'm fat and unloveable."

"Is that what you think? Really?" Rueben's agitated voice caused me to jerk in surprise. His anger pulsed off him in waves as he said, "Karla, sorry, but that's bullshit. You were used by an abusive arsehole for sexual gratification and ego boosting, coercively controlled back into a relationship with him just so he could convince you to give up your pregnancy, then when he got what he wanted, he dumped you. This has nothing to do with your weight, and everything to do with the fact you were involved with a damaged man."

"I wouldn't call him a man," sniffed Simon.

"Lady, he's right," said Nev, creeping closer. "You're beautiful, and you're kind and smart and funny and about a million other things, and worth way more than a dude who would treat you that way."

"It wasn't all bad," I whimpered. "He could be sweet."

"When he wanted something?" asked Rueben.

I was about to say no, when I quickly assessed those saccharine moments. Yes, they were almost always followed by sex or a favour. But they'd seemed real at the time. Splitting the difference, I said, "I just know that if I'd been skinny, we would have been happy. It's my fault we're not together."

Bailey walked forward. "Karla, it's not your fault."

"Don't you understand? I need it to be my fault! Because if it isn't my fault we broke up, that means that I threw my baby away for nothing! And the idea that Dom would convince me to abort our child, fully knowing that he planned to break up with me, isn't something I can live with and still believe that there's any good in the world!"

My voice was high as my words left me, bouncing against the trees and echoing away over the lake. Then just as quickly as it had come, my rage collapsed, and I shattered into a thousand pieces. My legs buckled and I huddled in my chair, weeping for everything I'd lost.

Warm arms surrounded me. Bailey, Simon, Nev, Rueben. They held me, as I'd held them, and I sobbed inside the safe circle they created.

When my crying had slowed, Bailey said quietly, "If you need to feel responsible because it makes you feel like you have control, I get that. But I just want to say that you're one of the best people I've ever known, and I'm so freaking lucky to have you as my friend."

"Me too," rumbled Simon.

"Me three," said Nev.

Rueben squeezed my hand, but didn't speak again until he slipped in beside me in bed later. He held me tightly, and whispered, "I'm more than lucky to have you. I'm blessed."

I fell asleep with tears on my face, still broken, but starting to feel as though perhaps my cracks were being mended with the gold of my friendships; shining gilded fault lines, never forgotten but filled by something precious.





My day job is in domestic and family violence education, training people about what abuse looks like - and it's a role I take very seriously.

My day job is in domestic and family violence education, training people about what abuse looks like - and it's a role I take very seriously. My day job is in domestic and family violence education, training people about what abuse looks like - and it's a role I take very seriously. One of the frequent things I've noticed about the topic of family violence is that so many people don't realise all the different forms abuse can take. It's not always as clear cut as a black eye. There's emotional abuse: threats, gas lighting and name calling. Financial abuse: having no access to your own money, or being forced to work or not allowed to work. Spiritual abuse: restricting someone from practicing their faith, or forcing them to follow religious practices. There's so many - it's a pretty dark rabbit hole, ya'll.

One of the frequent things I've noticed about the topic of family violence is that so many people don't realise all the different forms abuse can take. It's not always as clear cut as a black eye. There's emotional abuse: threats, gas lighting and name calling. Financial abuse: having no access to your own money, or being forced to work or not allowed to work. Spiritual abuse: restricting someone from practicing their faith, or forcing them to follow religious practices. There's so many - it's a pretty dark rabbit hole, ya'll. One of the frequent things I've noticed about the topic of family violence is that so many people don't realise all the different forms abuse can take. It's not always as clear cut as a black eye. There's emotional abuse: threats, gas lighting and name calling. Financial abuse: having no access to your own money, or being forced to work or not allowed to work. Spiritual abuse: restricting someone from practicing their faith, or forcing them to follow religious practices. There's so many - it's a pretty dark rabbit hole, ya'll. One key form of abuse that often gets overlooked is reproductive abuse. This can be messing with someone's birth control, removing a condom, forcing someone to get a termination or not allowing them to access a termination.

One key form of abuse that often gets overlooked is reproductive abuse. This can be messing with someone's birth control, removing a condom, forcing someone to get a termination or not allowing them to access a termination. One key form of abuse that often gets overlooked is reproductive abuse. This can be messing with someone's birth control, removing a condom, forcing someone to get a termination or not allowing them to access a termination. I speak frequently with women and men who aren't aware of what a healthy relationship is supposed to look like - so when they get caught in the web of an abuser, they believe that what they're experiencing is normal. It's not.

I speak frequently with women and men who aren't aware of what a healthy relationship is supposed to look like - so when they get caught in the web of an abuser, they believe that what they're experiencing is normal. It's not. I speak frequently with women and men who aren't aware of what a healthy relationship is supposed to look like - so when they get caught in the web of an abuser, they believe that what they're experiencing is normal. It's not. So for the record: if your partner or any member of your family makes you feel fear, if you change how you would normally live to placate another person, if you're not free to make your own choices, if someone makes you feel bad about who you are - please know that isn't a healthy relationship. You have a human right to live free from fear in your own home.

So for the record: if your partner or any member of your family makes you feel fear, if you change how you would normally live to placate another person, if you're not free to make your own choices, if someone makes you feel bad about who you are - please know that isn't a healthy relationship. You have a human right to live free from fear in your own home. So for the record: if your partner or any member of your family makes you feel fear, if you change how you would normally live to placate another person, if you're not free to make your own choices, if someone makes you feel bad about who you are - please know that isn't a healthy relationship. You have a human right to live free from fear in your own home. Okay, sermon over. In Australia, you can access help with family violence by calling 1800RESPECT, and as a side note, my inbox is always open if you need a non-judgmental ear.

Okay, sermon over. In Australia, you can access help with family violence by calling 1800RESPECT, and as a side note, my inbox is always open if you need a non-judgmental ear. Okay, sermon over. In Australia, you can access help with family violence by calling 1800RESPECT, and as a side note, my inbox is always open if you need a non-judgmental ear. This was a VERY long chapter - please swing me a vote before you go :)

This was a VERY long chapter - please swing me a vote before you go :) This was a VERY long chapter - please swing me a vote before you go :) Much love, Kate

Much love, Kate Much love, Kate





Chapter 20


When I woke up the next morning, it was light and Rueben was gone. Logically I knew that he would have to steal back to his own bed at some stage to be there for Mischa, but my emotional state was as precarious as a glass teetering on the edge of a table, and logic didn't help the sting of being left alone.

The day was bright and clear and hopeful, everything I didn't feel. Easing out of bed, I pulled on my clothes and decided to walk barefoot to give my aching boot toes a break. Plus my scant collection of socks was currently hanging in a limp wet row outside the cabin, their tortured shapes flapping pitifully in the cheeky morning breeze as I stepped out into the sun.

Camp was serene and I left everyone to their sleep-ins, needing some quiet time myself. The concrete paths were smooth and warm beneath my soles, and I padded my way down to the lake edge where the path meandered away from camp and followed the pink curve south. I walked for an hour, trying to digest everything from the night before: reliving those days with Dom, Rueben's words about coercive control, everyone's agreement that my relationship had been unhealthy.

It hadn't felt unhealthy though, not at the time. It felt dramatic, sure, but I'd been trained by a generation of rom-coms starring women with cute names like Drew and Cameron and Kate that all relationships were meant to be filled with drama and theatrics. As I walked, I tried something new and took myself and my feelings out of my own history and summarised what I'd had with Dom in logical statements.

He put her down constantly.

He put her down constantly. He made her feel ashamed.

He made her feel ashamed. He wanted her to always be there for him, but never returned the favour.

He wanted her to always be there for him, but never returned the favour. He never let her meet his family and friends.

He never let her meet his family and friends. He left her.

He left her. I hadn't even touched on the pregnancy, but I could already tell that if someone, say Nev, had come to me and told me their relationship looked like this, I would have told her to run a mile. So why was it so much harder to do that for myself?

Because of love. I'd loved Dom, believed I could fix him, believed I could fix myself so he'd want me. And I wasn't wrong, was I? People were capable of change. People deserved second chances.

Because of love. "That's a big frown."

Simon's voice cut through my thoughts, and I glanced up a nearby hill to see the big bearded man sitting on a bench. "I'm working some stuff through," I said, tramping up the side of the small rise and parking myself next to him.

We sat in silence for a while. The lake view was spectacular, with the sun dancing on the pink crystal surface, the rolling mountains in the distance a perfect frame for the pastels. I squinted in the sun and cast my gaze over to Simon, unnerved to see his face greasy and pallid. He'd lost weight in the last week ( lucky. my automatic thought) but not in a good way. His skin hung from his bones in heavy flaps, the hollows of his cheekbones enviable only to skeletons and the heroin chic set.

lucky. It's not the grog, I realised in horror. "Simon, what have you got?"

It's not the grog, He didn't try to pretend not to know what I was asking. Stoically he said, "Liver cancer. Well, it's probably spread a bit by now, but that's what it started as."

"How bad?"

"Bad."

"How long?"

"A couple of months."

"Fuck." We both fell quiet again, the sounds of the bush a background track to this new development, the rustling of the leaves and the calling bird songs filling the space.



"I'm sorry."

"Don't be, mate. You drink the way I do, liver cancer is pretty much expected."

"Is there anything they can do?"

"No. There's a lot of maybes – maybe if they'd caught it earlier, maybe if I had any family who could donate a lobe, maybe if the goddamn world hadn't ended – but nah, the best I can hope for now is to go out without too much pain."

"Thank you for telling me," I said, placing a hand on his shoulder. My tears had started and I let them run, vaguely wondering if one could lose water weight through crying. "Can I do anything?"

"Don't tell Neveah. She won't cope."

"She'll be pissed when she finds out later."

"You can deal with her."

"Okay."

He sighed, but in a contented fashion, not like a man who wasn't likely to see in the new year. "This is nice. This whole road trip, it's the most fun I've had in a long time. It's a grand old adventure to go out on."

"We're not trying to destroy a ring, but I would have watched the movie version. Boars and booze and bogans."

"Chookies and smashed teeth."

"Wild Combi rides and being held at gunpoint."

"We'd give those furry hobbit buggers a run for their money."

"I'm glad you came." I stumbled over a thought as I wracked my brain for positives. "Hey, you know that we can go and visit you kids when we get to Melbourne. I bet they'd want a chance to say goodbye."

"Nah. Best to let all that go, love. They wouldn't forgive me, and finding out that the bottle got me in the end, well, it would be all the more reason for them to hate me and for their mother to have been right all along."

"But it could be resolution for all of you. The right ending, even if its not a happy one."

He shook his head slowly. "No. The most I want from the rest of my days is to drink some homemade cider in the Tassie hills."

The unfairness of it all caught me by the throat. "There has to be more than that, Simon. What can we do? What do you wish for?"

He chuckled. "I'm a bit old for wishes, Karla. Actually... Yeah, nah, don't worry about it."

"What?" Whatever he said, I was ready to make it happen – no matter if we didn't have electricity or money and we were stuck in the middle of nowhere.

"I wanted to do something really heroic before I shuffled off this mortal coil. Save a life or something grand, the kind of act that bards will sing about on their guitars around campfires in years to come when everyone had gotten sick of that Despacito song finally."

Visions filled my head of strategically pushing Nev out of a well-placed tree into his waiting arms. "Well, we're not in Tassie yet. I'll keep my eyes open for hero moments."

We watched a series of cumulous clouds crawl over the sky, casting rotund shadows on the lake's fuchsia surface. "Do you think we can stay another night here?" asked Simon. "I'm not actually feeling that terrific today, and sleeping in a bed last night was as close to heaven as I'll probably ever get."

"Of course."

"Plus it's beautiful here. I reckon that no matter what happens next, I could do worse than to close my eyes for the last time and picture this place."

I rested my head on his shoulder, unable to speak or I would surely sob. The tears in my eyes blurred the pink of the lake and the dusky green of the mountains into the burning blue of the sky, a watercolour of pain and beauty, made just for us.



No one questioned me when I suggested staying another night. Nev and Bailey seemed suspiciously chummy, content to put their fight on pause until they reached Melbourne and choices had to be made. Chookie, Bella and Mish were all enjoying the chance to stretch their legs, and Rueben caught me alone by the showers, saying, "I asked if Nev and Mischa wanted to have a sleepover together tonight. I thought we could have a sleepover too..."

"Yes. Please..." I murmured as he kissed the bare skin of my neck. Between the dredging up of Dom drama, the reveal of Simon's secret, and my own upcoming choice about Dean, I wanted something simple: night in Rueben's arms.

The day was idyllic; we couldn't swim in the pink lake because it was too shallow, but Bailey found a nearby dam on the map. The hours passed pleasantly as we splashed and played in the warm water, pausing for snacks and swigs of beer and wine. I wore a tee shirt over my underwear, feeling okay about my bare legs as long as my wobbly stomach was covered, and for once the sight of Nev's flawless body clad only in a skimpy tank and Brazilian bikini bottoms didn't fill me with rage or anguish.

I floated on my back at one stage, letting the dappled sunshine warm my exposed skin. Mischa swam over. "How do you do that?"

"This?" I grinned. "Here, I'll show you. Lay back – don't worry, I've got you."

With the complete trust that only kids can have in people, a trust that hasn't yet had time to be destroyed by the various assholes we meet on the road of life, Mischa flopped into my arms and I supported her head. "Okay, now take a deep breath – the air helps you float – and you have to think relaxing thoughts, so your body goes all floppy."

"Like what thoughts?"

"Like maybe about something you like doing, or a happy place. Something that makes you feel like everything is going to be okay."

Mischa's small face wrinkled, and I noticed she was developing adorable freckles from all our time in the sun. "I think now is pretty perfect."

I glanced around at my surroundings, feeling the squish of warm mud beneath my feet, seeing Simon resting contentedly in the sun with a beer, Nev and Bailey canoodling in the shallows, and Rueben standing next to a Tarzan rope on the shore, trying to tug the knot free from its hook, his broad shoulders flexing. "I think now is pretty perfect too."

As the sun began to dip behind the hills, Simon, Nev and Micha went hunting for mud crabs, while Rueben cooked a pot of rice. Bailey and I washed the last of the green veggies, and my non-binary bestie looked over at me with keen eyes. "Are you okay?"

"Yes and no," I answered honestly. "I'm processing a lot, but I feel alright, all things considered."

"You and Rueben, what's going on there?"

"I'm not sure yet. I like him, and I think he likes me too." My cheeks burned beneath their sun-warmed surface.

"Does that mean you're not going to take Dean back when you get to Tassie?"

The mention of his name threw me, and I dropped the bunch of spinach I'd been rinsing. "Not necessarily. Rueben and I don't have a future together."

"Neither do you and that asshat waiting at your parents' house."

A flood of frustration and defensiveness coursed along each of my limbs, hot and righteous. "Bailey, I know you don't understand my history properly with Dean-"

"Oh, I understand plenty. You're the one with no idea."

I swallowed heavily and tried to calm myself. "Bailey, can we please just leave this alone? This might be the last pleasant day we have together as a group before we get to Melbourne, and I don't want it ruined."



"You want to leave this alone because you know that I'm right. I'm not going to-"

"Bailes?" Nev's voice rang through the camp, excited and high. "Youse guys, come and look!"

I knew Bailey couldn't resist Nev, and they immediately dropped the conversation and the head of lettuce to dash over to Nev carrying a bucket of water containing a mix of freshwater crustaceans. Just as well. I was at my capacity for dealing with heavy topics; Bailey's assessment of my love life could wait.

The evening unspooled in an unhurried manner. We lit the fire and baked the crabs, eating salad and seafood from plastic plates, a low-carb meal even I couldn't feel guilty about. Simon produced a pack of Uno cards from a bag of scavenged board games, and we taught Mischa how to play while arguing loudly about the finer points of the rules.

Jenga came next; we stacked the oversized wooden blocks on a wobbly picnic table to add to the drama. As the pieces swayed and quivered, we danced around the table like pagans worshipping a shine, squealing and yelling in excitement whenever the stack collapsed. When Nev pulled off the impossible – whipping out a single centre piece without the tower falling – Bailey grabbed her around the waist and twirled her in a wild circle, the two lovers crowing in elations.

I suggested Monopoly next, but Bailey shot me down. "Family should never play Monopoly," they said sagely. "Things always turn ugly, someone always gets upset, and the board always gets flipped. You might as well slap everyone hard in the face and go to bed angry."

"Bailey, relax!" I confidently reached for the top hat. "Besides, we're not a family; we're a clan."

"What's the difference?" asked Nev. "I thought we were friends?"

Rolling two warm rosés deep, I saw the universe with perfect clarity. "Family are the people you're stuck with. Friends, you chose. We're something else. More than friends, thrown together by chance, but what we have is stronger than blood. We're a clan, and I love you guys."

"I love youse guys too!" Nev looped her surprisingly strong arms around Bailey and Simon, dragging them forwards for a group hug, and Rueben let himself be drawn into the circle by Mischa. We held each other, a tangle of arms and bodies, Bella yapping around our ankles, and a warmth that had nothing to do with wine unfurled in my chest.

After Nev and Mish disappeared to their cabin to begin their sleepover, debating which of the multiple bottles of nail polish that Nev was still lugging around they would paint their nails with, we began the epic game of Monopoly, which just as predicted, soon disintegrated into petty behaviour, autocratic land-lording, and a board flip that may or may not have been my doing.

With a final toast, my clan wandered off to their separate cabins, until only Rueben and I were left.

His gaze was keen. "How are you feeling after last night?"

To buy time before I answered, I drained my glass. "I'm okay. I... I'm not sure if I completely agree with how you all see my relationship, but I think I believe now that it wasn't my fault." That alone was a major paradigm shift. For years, I'd hated my belly rolls and bra overflow – in turn hated myself - because they were the root cause of all of the Dom trouble. Now, I felt released, lighter. My body was just my body – it hadn't driven him away. He just wasn't at a place where he could appreciate me.

And it made sense, in a way. Men were conditioned by years of watching nubile and slender porn actresses and teen movie stars – it wasn't their fault they only believed in one kind of beauty. Now, with that world dead and gone, a new beauty would arise, one where women would be prized for their strength, ingenuity and diplomacy. There was hope.

"Shall we?" I asked, bold and filled with need.

He rose from his chair, reaching for me. "I'm ready if you are."

"So ready."

We kissed there beside the bonfire, feeling the radiance of the flames lick against our sun-warmed skin, as a deeper, more urgent heat began to spread between us. My hands immediately reached for Rueben's fly, but he guided my hands back to his chest, subtly slowing me down.

"Take me to bed," I whispered, raking my nails softly down his back, watching him shudder at my touch.

We retreated to the cabin, the night cloaking us as we slipped through the watching trees. Something earthly and primal uncoiled in me, borne of the land beneath us, the awareness of our temporary existence, the sense that this new world demanded us to live as we'd only dared to before.

Inside the cabin, we lit candles, enough to see, not enough to feel exposed. In the dancing light, I was a vixen, delighting in the fullness of my hips, the curve of my breasts, the swell of my stomach. Rueben and I tumbled to the bed, where his kind eyes darkened with desire. "You promised me fifteen minutes," he said in a low voice.

"Give them to me."

Reflecting back, I couldn't have said if he gave me fifteen minutes or fifteen hours. We'd slipped into a timeless space, where clocks were irrelevant and only the sun and the moon kept time. Safe within the sturdy timber walls, I cried out his name, clutched at him, fisted my fingers in his hair as he brought me to the edge, and my new-found freedom sent me spinning over the top.

"My turn," I gasped, still shuddering and shaking, but needing infinitely more.

"No one is keeping score, Karla."

"It's not about keeping score," I replied, meaning what I said for the first time in my sexual history. "It's about what I want."

We spent the rest of the night in happy abandon; skin and scent, touch and tenderness, our energy intertwined as the night turned to day, and the kookaburras joyfully laughed us off to sleep.





Okay - comments! How do you feel about Simon's illness? Are you glad Karla is having revelations? And what do you predict will happen next?

Okay - comments! How do you feel about Simon's illness? Are you glad Karla is having revelations? And what do you predict will happen next? Okay - comments! How do you feel about Simon's illness? Are you glad Karla is having revelations? And what do you predict will happen next? All votes appreciated - this chapter was written on a warm spring afternoon in Melbourne, a Sunday I chose to spend here with you, my darling reader. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did. xx Kate

All votes appreciated - this chapter was written on a warm spring afternoon in Melbourne, a Sunday I chose to spend here with you, my darling reader. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did. xx Kate All votes appreciated - this chapter was written on a warm spring afternoon in Melbourne, a Sunday I chose to spend here with you, my darling reader. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did. xx Kate





Chapter 21


"Yewse guys, I can not believe we'll be in Melbs tomorrow night!" Nev was so excited, she could barely stand still as we packed up and prepared to leave the pink lake. She danced from foot to foot and tugged Simon's sleeve like a much younger girl. "We're nearly there!"

not Simon smiled placidly at her. "It was nice here. If it weren't for you lot, I reckon I would have stayed here forever."

"Boring." Nev rolled her eyes. She threw a long leg over her bike. "At my place, there's real food – my nonna has a wood fire stove in the backyard, and my dad has a shed full of smoked meat. We'll feast and talk and drink and it will be awesome!"

She cast a shy glance at Bailey. "I think yewse will all love my fam."

Bailey gave a small smile, and I saw the doubt and concern in their cool eyes. "Looking forward to it."

"Bye pretty lake!" yelled Mischa, her little voice carrying across the salt flat. "Nevvie! Race you to the gates!"

"You're on!"

The two girls pedalled off. Bailey fiddled with their socks, and I approached them quietly. "How are you doing?"

"Fine."

"Did you and Nev talk about what happens when we get to Melbourne?"

"Not yet."

"Bailey, we'll be there tomorrow. And from the look of Nev, I think she thinks you're going to stay with her."

"Maybe I am."

That stopped me. My grip loosened on my backpack, and the straps slid through my fingers as the bag dropped into the dirt. "What?"

Bailey picked up my bag and handed it to me. "We should get on the road."

"Bailey, are you serious? You'd stay in Melbourne for Nev?"

"What's wrong with that?"

"Do you want me to make a list?" Hotly, I counted on my fingers. "What happens if her family reject you or treat you badly? What happens if you break up? Where will you live? What if living together so soon is a bad idea?"

"Karla..."

"What if you change your mind and we're long gone and you have no way to get to Tasmania? What if-"

"Karla, she said she loves me." The quiet power in Bailey's statement stopped my arguments. "And I love her. If I don't take a chance on this, I'll regret it forever."

They rode away towards the gates, and I watched them forlornly. What about me? I wanted to cry. Nev and Bailey's love was new and shiny, but Bailey and I had been friends for years. How could Bailey leave me without a backward glance?

What about me? Rueben emerged from the bathrooms. "Everyone ready?"

"Just need to load up Chookie," said Simon. "I was letting her stretch her legs one more time."

Rueben and I shared a quick glance, the kind filled with context that only two people who have seen each other recently naked can have. He grinned. "Okay, I'll meet you up by the gates."

"Come on, old man," I said, calling to Simon who was loading Chookie into the carrier like a precious glass goblet.

He straightened up and stared out over the lake again. "This was good."

"Yeah, it was."

We cycled together up the road, following the ridge to the gates, chased by a lazy breeze.

That stage of the ride wasn't memorable; the road past the Shepparton turn-off that led to Melbourne was flat, straight and boring. It made for easy biking, but it was boring as batshit. Large gums flanked the road, casting cool shadows on the smooth bitumen, and ahead of us the road stretched as far as we could see, shimmering in the sun.



In our version of this new normal, we stopped and snacked every few hours, complaining about chafe and the flies and the heat. Nev and Simon bantered, Bella barked, Mischa giggled, Rueben and I kissed when no one was looking, Bailey threw around sass. My little clan, content in the knowledge that the first part of our journey was almost done.

Night seemed to come early, the sun hiding behind the tall trees. Simon said, "Just a bit further. There's a rest stop with a drop bog about two kms further up the road. Not much, but it'll do us for the last night."

"Drop bog?" asked Mischa.

"Dunny with no bottom," said Bailey. "Everything goes down into a vat of chemicals. Don't fall in."

We set up camp at the little rest area, making a fire next to a cluster of picnic tables. Someone started singing American Pie, and Simon produced a guitar he'd repurposed from the lake campsite. Bailey and I got into an argument about the lyrics to a Josh Pyke song we both loved, unable to agree if the final line was, I don't pay enough attention to the good things when I got them , or if the words were I don't pay enough attention to the good times when I got them .

I don't pay enough attention to the good things when I got them I don't pay enough attention to the good times when I got them Then Mischa wanted to hear Castle on the Hill, and despite a mutual disdain from the adults for all things Ed Sheeran, Simon helped Nev played the simple chords as the rest of us sang along loudly. As we belted out the final chorus, we laughed in the firelight, content and hopeful.

"Hello?"

A female voice hailed us from the darkness, and we all immediately bolted upright. Mischa scurried behind Rueben as the rest of us took up defensive positions. I reached for my backpack, and my fingers closed over the item that wasn't the flare gun.

"Who's there?" Bailey called out in a strong voice.

"Hi, sorry, just us." Two figures stepped from the night into the circle of light cast by the fire. "I'm Alyson, and this is my son, Lachie."

She was short and slight, so slender I could see her collarbones casting shadows on her chest. A pang of envy shot through me at the fact that she was so much skinnier than me despite being clearly older than me by two decades.

Her son was about the same age as Nev; he was wiry and twitchy and had a smile that wore a little too wide on his deeply pitted face. "G'day."

Something licked up my spine, a cold flame of distrust. The dentist's words floated back to me, about not trusting people on the road, and inside my bag, my fingers tightened.

Simon nodded at the newcomers. "G'day. What can we do for you?"

Alyson laughed. "We're just so glad to find other people! We're from a little town just up the road, and we're trying to get to Shepparton. We ran out of food and water yesterday, and we haven't covered as much ground as we'd hoped. We haven't seen anyone in two days, and we need somewhere to stay tonight."

A ripple ran through our clan, and there were a few beats of silence as we silently assessed what to do. Send them away, I begged silently. I don't like them.

Send them away, I don't like them. Simon spoke again. "We have space by the fire for anyone who comes in peace."

A laugh erupted from Alyson again, high pitched and grating. "We're not aliens! We're just a mum and a son, doing our best to survive." She noticed Mischa. "Is that your daughter? She's so bloody cute!"

Nev said, "That's Mischa. I'm Nev."

"Well, hi there, Nev," said Lachie, tilting his chin in her direction, his eyes narrow and flirtatious.



Bailey put an arm around Nev's shoulder. "I'm Bailey. That's Simon, Karla and Rueben."

Lachie observed Nev and Bailey, then smiled too widely. "Good to meet you."

"Can we sit?" asked Alyson. "We're bloody well exhausted."

Another beat, then Simon said, "Yeah, alright."

The mother and son edged up to the fire, and we made room for them on the picnic table seating. Everyone sat in silence for a few minutes, then Alyson said brightly, "So, what are we drinking?"

"Nothing," said Rueben. Simon had quietly emptied a bottle of fifty year old Glenfiddich that he had boasted was worth about a thousand dollars for each year it had waited to be drunk, but the rest of us had only sipped water.

"We've got some homebrew," said Alyson, pulling two bottles of dark liquid from her bag. "Can we trade for some water? I'm such a dill – brought the beer, forgot to pack enough of the clear stuff that keeps you alive!"

I spoke for the first time. "You can have some water, but we don't need your grog."

"I'm an honest woman," said Alyson. "We're living in the trade economy again! It's only fair."

She waved the beer in front of Bailey's face, and they reluctantly accepted. "Thanks."

Everyone took a deep swig from the bottle, but while I lifted the neck to my lips, I didn't drink. My bad vibes radar was still pinging, and I wanted to be sober.

Simon wiped his lips. "That's good stuff. How long have you been brewing?"

He and Alyson started a conversation about hops and fermentation. Lachie edged closer to Nev. "So, what's your deal? Were you a model before all this shit went down?"

Nev preened. "Kind of. I was a pretty big deal on Insta."

"Cool. I had nearly 50 thousand followers."

"Wow, that's pretty good. I mean, not as good as me, but not bad."

"How many did you have?"

"Over one hundred k."

"Holy shit!"

Nev giggled. "Anyway, what was your angle?"

They began to chat, and Bailey seethed beside Nev, drinking from the homebrew bottle in agitated sips. Rueben put Mish to bed, and when he came back, Alyson handed him a fresh bottle, saying, "You deserve an extra drink, daddy bear. I know what it's like to raise an ankle-biter as a single parent. Double the work, all the responsibility."

"Thanks." Rueben smiled in his easy way and gratefully accepted the drink. "It's a tough gig."

The night eased back into a relaxed state; everyone drank and chatted. Alyson told us how they'd been scavenging from empty homes in their small town until the water ran out, while Lachie told tales of his former life as a state karate champ. Someone brought out our last bag of Twisties, and we passed them around as the outsiders helped themselves to some leftover rice and beans.

And the entire time, my feeling that something was wrong never left me. I watched both mother and son carefully, analysing what kind of people they were. Country Victorians, slightly simple people who hadn't finished high school and spoke about topics like immigration with veiled contempt. "Look, don't get me wrong, but I'm just saying that if this whole thing means less freeloaders coming into our country and taking up our resources, that's gotta be a good thing, right?"

"You realise we were all immigrants once?" I said, calling Alyson out on her outdated views. "I mean, unless you are literally Aboriginal, your family came from somewhere else too, the same way as everyone trying to move here for a new life."



Her eyes narrowed, and I caught a flash of contempt. "Yeah, but my ancestors spoke English. There's a big difference."

I nodded, as if she actually had a point rather than being a bigoted idiot, and pretended to drink again, just to give myself something to do.

The fire burned low, and Rueben yawned. "I'm turning in."

"Me too," said Nev. She stood and hugged Simon hard.

"What was that for?" he said gruffly.

"I wanted a hug. I love you, you dumb old bugger."

A smile spread under his beard. "I love you too, Neveah." He kissed the top of her head, then said, "I'll call it a night too."

Lachie sprang to his feet. "Nev, any chance we can share a tent tonight? You wouldn't want me to sleep on the dirt, would you?"

Bailey interjected smoothly. "Nev can bunk in with me. You and your mum can share my tent."

"Okay, cool."

Bailey stood, then staggered a few feet. "Woah. That's strong stuff you've brewed there."

"Not for the faint-hearted," grinned Alyson, her gaunt face looking skeletal in the low light. "Come on, Lachie, let's get some sleep, ay?"

Everyone pottered off in different directions, yawning widely. I lingered by the fire, waiting until Lachie and Alyson had zipped themselves into their tent before I tidied up and made sure that all of our important supplies were safely tucked away inside our tents.

Despite the intrusion of the new comers, I still hoped that Rueben might sneak in with me for a while – or at least fifteen minutes. Maybe that's why I slept so lightly, and why the whispering roused me a few hours later.

After so many nights with my clan, I knew the timbre of everyone's voices; Simon was a rumble, Rueben was smooth and deep, staccato was Bailey while Nev was high. The whispers outside my tent were none of these. They were the voices of the strangers, approaching my tent.

Acting on instinct, I dragged my backpack into my sleeping bag with me and then pulled the covers up to hide my face and affected sleep.

The zipper of my tent sounded like an animal growl in the night, and a voice whispered, "Fuck, Mum – zip it louder, why don't you?"

"She's got enough Ketamine in her to knock out a horse, literally," whispered Alyson. All trace of warmth was gone from her voice, and inside my sleeping bag, I struggled to keep from shivering as I heard her enter my tent. "Right, got the first aid kit from here. Can't see her backpack though..."

"Forget it. We've got a fucking huge haul here – Jonesy will trade us enough gear for a month for this lot."

My frightened brain was fluttering inside my skull like a trapped and terrified bird, but I didn't believe that 'gear' meant equipment. We've fallen in with drug addicts. It was weird to think, but just because the world had ended, it didn't mean that people's addictions had too. Simon was proof of that.

We've fallen in with drug addicts. I heard Alyson leave my tent, and their voices faded slightly as they walked over to the far side of the camp where the bikes were parked. For a moment, I considered jumping up and confronting them, but with the rest of the team potentially knocked out on laced homebrew, it was a safer choice to just let them go. We could make it to Melbourne with two of us on foot; it might take an extra day, but that was still a better option if it meant everyone was safe.

I slithered from my sleeping bag and crept to the dangling flap of the tent. Alyson was tossing more of our gear into Simon's bike trailer, then she straightened up, saying, "Right, let's go."



"Actually, you go ahead."

"Why?"

The moonlight was strong, and it was bright enough for me to see Lachie's face draw into another one of his weird, too-big smiles. "I've got one more tent to check in on..."

"The bogan chick?"

"Well, it's not the fat one."

They both laughed, malicious magpies who'd invaded our camp looking for shiny things. Alyson said, "Well, a boy has needs. I'm going to get a head start. You're a faster rider than me anyway. Do what you need to do, then meet me in Shep, okay?"

They hugged, as casual as if they'd been discussing a Bunnings run for sausages, not the drugging and theft of strangers who'd taken them in and trusted them. My brain was still fluttering, but as Alyson rode away, and Lachie walked toward Nev's tent loosening his belt, I finally realised what was about to happen.

No. Not Nev. Adrenaline pumped like battery acid through my veins as I dug frantically in my backpack for the other weapon in my arsenal: a fifteen inch hunting knife with a serrated blade. I had no idea how to actually use it, but if it meant keeping Nev safe, I would do what I had to.

No. Not Nev. On swift bare feet, I crossed the camp. Lachie's head was inside Nev's tent, and suddenly a volley of hysterical yaps rang out. Bella. I saw him kick savagely in the tent, saying, "Piss off, you little wanker." A whimper, then silence again.

Bella. He bent, pulling Nev's sleeping bag along with Nev's sleeping form out of the tent flap. I guess he doesn't want to sexually assault her while her lover lies comatose next to them. How considerate. Keeping low, I crept up, holding the knife the same way I'd seen done in a thousand Hollywood movies.

I guess he doesn't want to sexually assault her while her lover lies comatose next to them. How considerate. Crack. A stick broke beneath my foot, and the sound it made echoed like a gunshot. Lachie spun on his heels, then launched a kick in my direction before I had the chance to strike.

Crack. Thunk. His foot connected solidly with my throat, and I immediately collapsed to the ground, unable to draw a breath. Do it! I didn't have oxygen, but I could still move. I lifted the knife and plunged it as far into his inner thigh as I could.

Thunk. Do it! It jarred to a halt after only a few inches as if it had hit concrete, and Lachie bellowed in pain. "You fat bitch! " He staggered back, clutching at his thigh. "What the fuck?"

bitch! "Get... Away... From... Her..." I managed the words between gasps, my throat as sore as if I'd swallowed a bucket of bindies.

"Fuck you," he snarled. He touched the blade in his leg and hissed, pain blotching his face. "You fucking stabbed me! I was just going to have a bit of fun, and you had to fuck it all up. Now, I've gotta kill you before I can do what I was going to do anyway."

He pulled a hand gun from the pocket of his low hanging jeans. "I told Mum, this is a fucking stupid idea. We should just rob people at gunpoint, just like the bushrangers used to do. But nooo, she reckons it's genius to roofie people, then grab their gear. And I said okay, and yeah, it's worked a few times, and yeah, it gives me a chance to get a no-complaints root here and there, but I fucking told her something like this would happen."

As he levelled the gun at my head, I scampered back, holding my hands up in defence. "Please. Don't kill me."

He started to answer, then yelped in pain and clutched at his leg, the gun falling to the dirt. I threw myself forward and scrabbled for it, but Lachie kneed me in the sternum, and I dropped to the side, grabbing for his shirt and trying to pull him with me.

"Get off me, you fat mole!"

" Oi! "

Oi! We both twisted to see Simon barrelling towards us, my knight in trackpants. With surprising accuracy, he tossed an empty whiskey bottle at Lachie's head. Lachie ducked, giving Simon enough time to snatch up the gun.

Lachie leapt for Simon, grappling with him. "Give me the gun, you old alco!"

"No." They struggled, locked together as if they were cuddling.

Things happened quickly then, and only when I played them back later in my mind could I pull apart the order of events. Lachie ducked, pulling the knife from his thigh. He thrust it upwards. The gun fired. I screamed. The struggling stopped. I ran forwards.

"Please... Please don't be shot," I moaned at Simon.

"I'm not, love." He released Lachie, who sank to the ground, a bullet hole in the middle of his chest. It didn't look as big and dramatic as gunshot wounds in the movies; it was a small round hole, with spreading blood that stained the fabric of his tee. As he gurgled once, then fell silent, his face bore a look of surprise, as if he couldn't believe this was how it had all ended.

Simon spoke again. "I think there's a bit of a problem, though."

I could do problems. Problems were my thing. Confident I could solve anything now the threat had passed, I turned to Simon – and froze.

Extending from Simon's ribs was my knife, embedded up to the handle in the flesh of his chest.





Link to the Josh Pyke song in the chapter banner - it's one of my all time fave songs.

Link to the Josh Pyke song in the chapter banner - it's one of my all time fave songs. Link to the Josh Pyke song in the chapter banner - it's one of my all time fave songs. There are a few 'Australian-isms' in this chapter - let me know if there was anything you didn't understand. (What's a bindie? Who is this Bunnings person anyway? Etc.)

There are a few 'Australian-isms' in this chapter - let me know if there was anything you didn't understand. (What's a bindie? Who is this Bunnings person anyway? Etc.) There are a few 'Australian-isms' in this chapter - let me know if there was anything you didn't understand. (What's a bindie? Who is this Bunnings person anyway? Etc.) At over 60k words, this book is about two thirds complete. My new titles always take time to find their following, so thanks to you, my early reader, for coming on the journey while the tale is still in creation. If you can, please vote for this chapter, and consider adding this tale to your public reading lists. Small acts make a big difference on Watty!

At over 60k words, this book is about two thirds complete. My new titles always take time to find their following, so thanks to you, my early reader, for coming on the journey while the tale is still in creation. If you can, please vote for this chapter, and consider adding this tale to your public reading lists. Small acts make a big difference on Watty! At over 60k words, this book is about two thirds complete. My new titles always take time to find their following, so thanks to you, my early reader, for coming on the journey while the tale is still in creation. If you can, please vote for this chapter, and consider adding this tale to your public reading lists. Small acts make a big difference on Watty! New chap in production - see you soon.

New chap in production - see you soon. New chap in production - see you soon. xx Kate

xx Kate xx Kate





Chapter 22


"No. No, no, no, no." I didn't have words for a moment; all logical thought had abandoned me as I stared in horror at the knife.

"I think I need to sit down," said Simon, his voice far too calm.

"Okay. Okay." I reached for his elbow and led him over to nearest seating, a cushy foldout chair placed at the edge of the clearing. Swiftly, I spun it around to face away from where Lachie's body lay. His body. I'd never seen a dead body before, and now there was one right next to the tents where my friends were sleeping and Nev's legs hung out of the flap in the open air.

His body. One problem at a time. Supporting Simon as best I could, I helped him to sit, watching the knife handle waver dangerously. He groaned deeply as he lowered into the chair and leaned back. "Ah, shit."

"Simon, we have to do something," I said, my brain finally whirring back into life like a rebooted hard drive. If my phone still worked, I would have googled whether to pull the knife out or leave it in – wasn't that what killed Steve Irwin? Yanking out the barb? – but without the input from a higher source of knowledge, I was helpless.

"Do what?" he said mildly.

"I don't know..."

"Well, you can start by bringing me a drink." He indicated with his head where the bottle he'd thrown at Lachie had fallen. "I think there was a shot left in there."

Numbly, I padded across the clearing in my bare feet, retrieving the bottle, refusing to look at Lachie's body.

Simon accepted the bottle gratefully, lifting it to his lips and draining it. "Ah. That's better."

"I'm going to wake up Rueben," I said, starting to shake.

"You can try," said Simon. "But it's not going to make a difference."

"He's a doctor."

"He's a head doctor." Simon pointed at the knife. "I don't think therapy is going to fix this."

"We have to do something. Get you to a hospital."

"How? I can't ride, love, and we are a thousand k's from a hospital, and that's if there's any still functioning without power. Even if we find somewhere, there's nothing they can do except keep me comfortable. I don't want to die of long, painful, sepsis-related death on an abandoned gurney in a backwater clinic. That's no way to go."

I started to cry without realising, my eyes running, tracking dirty trails down my cheeks. "So, what do we do?" No ambulance. No doctors. No surgeries. No options.

Simon reached for my hand. "You can sit here and keep me company."

"I can do that."

So that's what we did. Time had ceased to have any meaning as we held hands and spoke about inconsequential things. How well Chookie was doing on the road. Why mosquitos seemed to target some people and not others. Whether nature would recover itself now that mankind had begun to self-destruct.

The sky began to lighten, so gently, I thought I was imagining it. A deep purple stained the tree line, and I realised that we were seated at the edge of a lookout. In the dark, we hadn't noticed it, but dawn was bringing light over a vast valley that undulated away from us in dusky waves.

"Beautiful," said Simon, awed. He coughed, and the sound was wretched.

"Are you in pain?"

"Not really. I think whatever they dosed me with is helping."

"Ketamine, apparently."

"Ah, that would explain it. I used to micro-dose with that stuff. Probably why I woke up and the others didn't."



"You used to take Ketamine recreationally?"

"Dark years. Before I started working for you."

I nodded. "If you hadn't woken up, I'd probably be dead. And Nev..."

"I know. I'm not upset, love. Don't cry."

"It's not fair."

"I know. But I was on my way out anyway. At least I got to do something brave before the end."

"You were magnificent." I squeezed his hand. "The bards will sing of your deeds for years, and your name will echo around the Tasmanian hills."

"I like the sound of that." He coughed again, his breath growing more ragged.

I wiped my eyes angrily. "I knew we couldn't trust those bastards. We never should have let them in. Never again."

"Nah, love, don't say that. You gotta trust people, even when some of them are out to screw you over. You'll never find the good ones if you block everyone out."

"Simon..."

"I saved your life. I get to demand promises. Promise me you'll give people a chance."

"I promise."

"And Chookie. You have to take care of Chookie."

"I will."

"And Nev..." His brow creased. "Tell her she's a good girl. That I'm glad she wasn't here for this. She'll be upset, blame herself. Make sure she understands that I would have done the same thing a thousand times over if it meant she was safe."

"I'll let her know."

The sky was growing brighter, the golden light catching the tips of a million leaves. "I think I can see the pink lake from here," said Simon, his voice growing fainter.

We were at least a hundred k's from the pink lake; there was no way it was still within visual range. "Yeah, I think I see it too."

The birds grew noisier, singing us an ancient song of birth and death and rebirth, the dawn after every dusk.

"Don't cry, love. I'm okay."

"No, you're not. This is fucked. It's my fault. My knife..."

"Your knife saved the day. If he wasn't stabbed already, I wouldn't have been able to stop him. You can play the what-if game forever, love, but it doesn't change anything. What if I'd never started drinking? What if I never drove that night with my kids in the car? What if the world hadn't ended?"

"If the world hadn't ended, this wouldn't be happening. The world is all fucked up and none of it is right."

"I don't have any regrets. If the world hadn't ended, I would have died a long and shitty death of liver cancer. Instead, I've drunk the liquor of kings, had a wild adventure, seen some of the most beautiful parts of the country. Saved a life. Found my clan. It's more than I deserve. I'm happy."

"It's not fair."

"Nope. But it's right, somehow."

The sun had managed to crest the skyline, brilliant pink and gold light streaming over the valley. Simon said, "Beautiful. I'm a lucky man."

"I love you, Simon."

"I love you too, Karla." He gave my fingers a final squeeze. "I think I'll just close my eyes and rest for a while."

"You do that. I'll be right here."

His eyes drifted shut, a content smile on his face. I stayed with him, holding his hand as the sun rose, as his fingers fell limp and his head nodded forward. I was still there hours later, waiting with him, holding vigil, just in case his spirit needed reassurance that he was loved and he had mattered, as it made its way out over the trees and into the new day.



***

"I'm not leaving until we bury him." Nev hugged Bella in her arms, the little dog panting and squirming from being squeezed. Nev's face was set and her eyes were dry. "He spent his whole life feeling like the world threw him away. I'm not leaving him beside the road like a piece of garbage."

Bailey, Rueben and I looked at each other, trying like hell to decide what was 'right' in a world that didn't have rules anymore. Bailey rubbed their head; I knew they were still feeling the effects of being drugged, and it showed on their face.

The others had woken up about noon, confronted with a world that had been flipped on its arse. Two dead bodies, the theft of half our supplies, and a hundred decisions to make. Layered on top of that was the hangover from being dosed and the grief from losing one of our clan. No one was at their best or brightest.

Mischa seemed to sense something was going on, in that way that sensitive children sometimes intuited. She'd woken up a few hours before the others, but stayed inside the tent with a still-slumbering Rueben. She was still hiding in there now and reading a book, but I'd had enough sense to throw a tarp over Lachie's body and cover Simon with a sheet in case she ventured out.

Now, we needed to choose what to do next, with Nev adamant that Simon needed to be buried. Rueben spoke carefully. "Nev, we'd need a hole deep enough that animals wouldn't find him, and we don't have any equipment. The ground here is hard, and it would take us hours to dig out a grave. If Alyson comes back looking for Lachie, and we're still here-"

"Work it out," she interrupted. "Because I'm not leaving here without laying him to rest properly." Her eyes were hollows, and I could see that she wasn't going to be swayed.

I poked my sluggish brain with a stick, trying to get it to move and be useful. "There's a small shed beside the toilet block. Maybe there's some digging stuff in there."

Bailey nodded. "I'll go for a walk, see if there's some softer ground down the side of the hill."

"Nev, can you please check on Mish for me?" Rueben asked.

"Okay."

She walked away, her shoulders slumped, and Rueben followed me to the shed. He said, "How are you holding up?"

I shook my head. "I can't talk about it yet. There's too much to do."

His hand found my shoulder. "I just want you to know... I saw the wound, the angle of the knife. There's nothing anyone could have done for him. Even if we'd rushed him straight to hospital, it wouldn't have made a difference."

"Good, I guess." I wouldn't be able to forgive myself for not doing more, not immediately, but it helped to hear that I could have been the world's most amazing problem solver with all the best resources available to me, and the outcome still would have been the same.

The shed was locked, but we found a loose panel at the back and pried our way inside. In the dark interior, we found rolls of toilet paper, some basic cleaning supplies, and a collection of poles in the back corner. We sorted through the stack: two brooms, a rusty axe, a mop that had seen some shit (literally), a worn pick and a short spade.

We claimed the pick and shovel, as well as some of the toilet paper rolls, then rejoined the others. Bailey had news. "I found a spot."

Halfway down the slope overlooking the valley, Bailey showed us a fallen tree, its root bed sticking up vertically into the sky, a giant earthy arc. "The dirt is soft because all the roots have been ripped up. It should be pretty easy to dig deep enough here."

"Actually," I said, cautiously testing the tension of the branches, which were still green and springy, "we may not need to dig much at all... I have an idea, but I need the axe."



We took it in turns to shovel and pick, hawing away at the soft soil until we'd created a small void among the roots. It took all four of us to carry Simon down the hill, and we laid him gently in the grave, wrapping him in his sleeping bag.

Bailey laid the empty $50,000 bottle of scotch beside him, and Nev arranged flowers in his hair and beard. Rueben had drawn the knife out of Simon's chest, and I laid it at his heart like a nobleman's sword, closing his hands over the hilt. He looked like a sleeping warrior, the hint of a smile still on his face.

Rueben said, "I think... I think I should get Mish. She's going to want to say goodbye."

"Should we cover him first? This is a lot for an eight year old, Rueben."

"I know, but the world has changed, Karla. Simon probably won't be the only dead body she sees, but she loved him, and she deserves to see him if she wants to. I'll let her decide."

He left, returning with Mischa a few minutes later. She was hugging Bella, and Chookie followed them along like a balloon on a string.

She blinked as she saw Simon lying in the ground. "So, he's dead, like Burger?"

"Yes, honey. Like our old dog."

"And like grandma?"

"Yes."

"I don't want him to be dead," she said quietly, her lips trembling. "But I want to say goodbye."

Her small fingers found mine, and she led both of us to the edge of the grave. "Goodbye, Simon," she said loudly, as if he was just dozing. "You were funny and nice and kind to me and to animals. I will miss you."

She stepped back and looked at the rest of us. "Okay. Your turn."

We blinked. We hadn't discussed saying anything formal. Then Bailey spoke. "Simon, you were a crotchety old bugger who was always contrary just to piss people off – and if I'd grown up with a dad who accepted me the way that you did, who loved me without judging me and defended me and fought for me like you, then I would have been a lucky kid. I love you, mate. Rest easy."

Rueben stepped up. "Simon, you were a good bloke. You were proof that people can have their demons but still fight their way through to the light. Thank you for saving Karla. I can never repay you, but I'll never forget you."

I let my tears fall, tired of wiping them away, wanting to wear them as a sign of grief in lieu of renting my garments or covering mirrors. "Simon. Thank you. I know your life wasn't easy, and you felt like everyone you ever loved left you. But we loved you and we aren't leaving you. Not really. We'll keep you in our hearts and in our stories wherever the road leads. I hope your spirit finds the pink lake, and somewhere there's a comfy chair and a bottle of the good stuff waiting for you."

Nev spoke last. Still stoic, her affect was flat as she stepped up to the tree. "Why, you idiot? Why would you go and die on me? You are one of the only men I ever met who was worth loving. Now you're gone, and I can't even get mad because you saved us."

She cocked her head, as if listening to a reply. "Actually, screw that. I am mad at you. But I miss you too, so I guess it's both." She finally broke down, sobs racking her slender body, and Bailey held her close.

am When the storm of tears had eased but not stopped, Nev lifted her swollen face, and said, "I love you, Simon. Thank you for being in my life."

We gently laid a towel over Simon's face, then covered him with soil as soft as bedding, tucking him in, ready for rest. Then I asked everyone to back off to a safe distance, and I hefted the axe at the thicker branches of the fallen tree. No one asked what I was doing or if they could help: this was something I owed Simon, and I was going to do it myself.

As I hacked a large branch free from the trunk, the tree began to shudder, and I knew my plan would work. Cutting one more bough away, the eucalypt gave a mighty groan, then appeared to defy gravity, lifting off the ground and righting itself, pulled by the weight of the massive root bed and its attached dirt.

The root bed thumped into place, and the tree shed a rainfall of leaves, littering the ground with the green foliage. I walked over to Mish and gave her a hug, explaining, "He'll be safe there under the roots, and as his body breaks down, he'll become part of the tree. We'll always know where he is, and one day if you like, we'll come back and visit him. Okay?"

"Okay." She turned her face up to the branches and called out, "Goodbye for now, Simon. Grow well."

"Grow well," I echoed, and together we stood for a moment beneath the branches of the rescued tree, saying goodbye to our friend.

It was only about four o'clock as we tramped back up the hill to the camp, but it felt like it should have been midnight. In silence, we packed up the camp. One bike gone, half of our supplies stolen, it didn't take long. I scooped up Chookie, placing her inside the crate with care, thankful that at least we'd have an egg a day, even with the rest of our food stores depleted.

Bailey approached. "What do you want to do with Lachie's body?"

Nev piped up. "Roll him off the road and leave him for the crows to eat."

I winced. "He was a bad person, but his mum loved him, and she'll come back for him. Let's put him in the spare tent."

"Simon's tent?"

"He doesn't need it anymore, Nev."

"It's better than that arsehole deserves."

"I know. But we'll do it because we're better people than he was."

Nev shook her head, defiant. "I'm not leaving Simon's tent. It was his, and I want it."

Bailey said, "What about if we roll him inside the tarp and tuck the ends under? He should be fine for a few days, enough for his mum to find him. That's good enough."

So that's what we did, leaving the body beside the road like a forlorn package, waiting for a postal van that wasn't coming. As I turned to leave, I thought, You would have raped Nev. You were going to kill me. You murdered Simon. You were a little boy once, cheeky and innocent. How did it come to this?

You would have raped Nev. You were going to kill me. You murdered Simon. You were a little boy once, cheeky and innocent. How did it come to this? Rueben approached me. "Where did his gun end up?"

"In my bag."

"Do you think that's safe?"

"Safer than leaving it here by the side of the road." I'd thought I'd feel revulsion having a weapon that had very recently killed someone in my backpack, but its weight was weirdly reassuring. I would honour my promise to Simon: I would keep letting people in, but I wasn't going to do it unarmed.

Rueben reached for my hand. "We need to get on the road. We don't want to be here if anyone comes looking for him."

"I know."

We walked over to the bikes, and I noted the sober mood. Gazing over the ridge, I could see the branches of the righted tree peeping up, waving to us gently in a fresh breeze.

"Bye, Simon," I whispered, and with that, we left, riding in a straight line spread across the road, as if by keeping each other close, we could drive away any further darkness that awaited us.





GAH. I cried SO MUCH writing this chapter. I haven't felt this bad about a character's fate since The Curves Ahead. :( But I do want this story to be real, and the truth is that some people are only out for themselves and will hurt others if it means they get what they want. I felt okay about leaving Simon to rest beneath the tree - there's a YouTube vid of a tree springing back up if you want to see what this looks like; it's a real thing that fallen trees will sometimes do, so if you ever see a tree tipped over with its roots sticking up, don't mess with it or you can get trapped.

GAH. I cried SO MUCH writing this chapter. I haven't felt this bad about a character's fate since The Curves Ahead. :( But I do want this story to be real, and the truth is that some people are only out for themselves and will hurt others if it means they get what they want. I felt okay about leaving Simon to rest beneath the tree - there's a YouTube vid of a tree springing back up if you want to see what this looks like; it's a real thing that fallen trees will sometimes do, so if you ever see a tree tipped over with its roots sticking up, don't mess with it or you can get trapped. GAH. I cried SO MUCH writing this chapter. I haven't felt this bad about a character's fate since The Curves Ahead. :( But I do want this story to be real, and the truth is that some people are only out for themselves and will hurt others if it means they get what they want. I felt okay about leaving Simon to rest beneath the tree - there's a YouTube vid of a tree springing back up if you want to see what this looks like; it's a real thing that fallen trees will sometimes do, so if you ever see a tree tipped over with its roots sticking up, don't mess with it or you can get trapped. If you were emotionally impacted by this chapter, please leave me a sad face in the comments so I don't think I'm the only one who feels feels for their imaginary friends. Vote because you like the book, even if you didn't like the chapter, and I'll see you soon. xx

If you were emotionally impacted by this chapter, please leave me a sad face in the comments so I don't think I'm the only one who feels feels for their imaginary friends. Vote because you like the book, even if you didn't like the chapter, and I'll see you soon. xx If you were emotionally impacted by this chapter, please leave me a sad face in the comments so I don't think I'm the only one who feels feels for their imaginary friends. Vote because you like the book, even if you didn't like the chapter, and I'll see you soon. xx





Chapter 23


The cheers and happy shouts were grating after spending so long enveloped by the silence of the road. I squinted and resisted the urge to cover my ears as the cacophony swirled around us. Nev shouted too close to me, something about how great this was, and I calculated how long I could bear the noise and the masses of people.

It was odd because city volume had never bothered me before; I'd lived in cities my whole life, and the sounds and smells and crowds had been nothing but background noise, a mild inconvenience that could be solved with a decent pair of headphones. Somewhere between Sydney and Melbourne, that had changed. I'd changed.

The night before, we'd still been on the road, the blissful, silent road. After leaving the place where we'd laid Simon to rest, we'd pedalled for hours, stopping only when Mischa was almost asleep at the handlebars. The road had been mostly flat and monotonous, the only sounds the bird calls that punctuated the hum of our wheels on the asphalt.

As we rode, I found myself not-unpleasantly numb. Whenever my brain decided it wanted to relive the sight of the knife protruding from Simon's chest, or visualise Lachie standing over me, or imagine how his mother would react when she saw his body, I simply said no . One by one, I pinned the memories down like butterflies on a display board, then shoved everything into a box in my mind. That box went inside of another, bigger box made of steel, and then I dropped the whole thing off a mental cliff into a dark ocean. I could search for it and open it one day, but not today.

no We'd made camp at a curve in the road; we'd dragged the bikes up a verge and behind a thicket of trees, hidden from view, plenty of exit points. No fire; Simon had been in charge of the fire-lighting every night, a duty he'd taken seriously, and doing it with his loss so recent felt like sacrilege.

Without even needing to discuss why, the four remaining adults divided up the night into shifts. After a colourless meal of cold baked beans and tuna, we crawled into our tents and left Bailey to the first shift.

"Do you want the gun?" I asked them quietly.

Bailey shook their head, eyes blank. "No. No more weapons. Never again."

I wanted to argue, to say that weapons were for defence, not attack, that if we'd been better armed before, none of this would have gone so wrong, but my lips refused to move as fatigue rolled through me like a dense soundwave, sucking the energy from my marrow. I collapsed face-first into the tent, and passed the hours in a dreamless state.

"Karla. Karla!"

I bolted awake, my hand on the gun inside my bag before I'd even reached full consciousness. "What?"

Nev crouched at my tent opening. "It's your watch."

In an instant, I'd gone from asleep to wired. I rolled out of the tent, saying to Nev, "Thanks. You can go get some shut-eye."

Moonlight reflected off the low cloud cover, and I could see the shadows on her face as she replied, "Nah. I'm not tired. I just didn't want to sit here on my own anymore."

"Okay."

We sat in silence. I think she cried a few times, but I kept my face to the sky, watching the slow passing of the dark clouds, unable to soothe her pain without stirring up my own. When she fell asleep in her chair, I covered her with a blanket, hoping that Simon could see Nev was looked after.

As dawn lazily lightened the dark grey to light silver, Rueben emerged from his tent, yawning and rubbing his head. "How did you go?"

"Fine."

"How are you feeling?"

"Fine."

"Karla, you don't have to be fine." He pulled me to my feet and cupped my chin softly. "You probably shouldn't be fine after everything you've gone through."



I wanted his kindness, his softness. I wanted to fall into his arms and shatter like an ice sculpture, pieces skittering everywhere. I also knew that if I broke down now, I'd be completely useless for the foreseeable future. "I'm fine," I repeated. "Don't shrink me."

He blinked, then backed off. "I'm here if you want to talk."

"I think I've rehashed enough of my trauma-filled youth for one road trip," I said, ignoring the issue he was actually referring to. Annoyed, I pulled at my tee shirt, which had ridden up on my belly, exposing a fat roll to the cool morning air, and the vulnerability of my ugly parts caused shame and anger to pulse in my chest.

My eyes flipped to Nev, slumbering in her chair, and more misplaced ire flickered inside me like a rattlesnake tail. She was stunning in the monochrome dawn light, as if even nature couldn't help but place a perfect filter on her as she slept. Her long dark hair curled around her face and shoulders, her slender form evident through the shape of the blanket. She looked like art, something worthy of a gallery: Girl in Camping Chair, 2019, oil on canvas.

Girl in Camping Chair, 2019, oil on canvas. What had happened to all the great works of art around the world, now there were no guards or alarms to keep them safe? Were there DaVinci's and Van Gough's hanging in people's living rooms or stashed in basements? In a few generations, without electronic historical documentation, would we forget why they were even important in the first place?

"Karla?" said Rueben.

I'd forgotten he was even there, and I started as he spoke. "I'm fine. Come on. We need to get to the city."

Dread had begun to build steadily in my chest as we packed and started the final ride of this leg of our odyssey. We hadn't even been near a major town and we'd ben brutally attacked. Now, we were riding straight into one of the largest cities in the country; who knew what kind of anarchy awaited us.

Bailey cruised next to me. "What's up?"

So many things. We'd lost a friend, the world was ending, I was still fat, we had so far to go. I focused on the most pressing issue. "We have no idea how screwed up the city will be. We need to be on guard in Melbourne. We'd been blundering around like idiots out here, thinking that everyone was really a nice person once you got past the fear, and we were wrong. The world is changed, and we have to change to survive."

"Karla... I know you're going through something I can't understand, but I've lost Simon too, and I know he wouldn't want-"

"He would want us to be safe," I said, my voice a little too loud.

"Okay. What do you want us to do?"

"Just..." That was the worst part. There wasn't anything we could truly do to fight off a dedicated attack. Four adults, none of us trained in combat, a child, a Pomeranian and a chicken. We might as well stride into Melbourne holding placards that said, Mostly harmless . I sighed. "Just keep your eyes open."

Mostly harmless The city crept up on us with surprising swiftness. One minute, we were surrounded by trees which gave way to open fields and industrial buildings, then pockets of new housing estates appeared, fingers of urbanisation stretched ever northward.

"People," commented Mischa, her big eyes focused on a dozen people in a park ahead of us.

The group were armed with tools, and instinctively my fingers tightened on my handlebars. Wait. Not armed. They were attacking the ground. Half the people were dragging picks and shovels through the neat grass, while others carried seedlings and buckets of water as children played in the shade.

Wait. "They're farming," said Nev in wonder.

Laughter rolled towards us on the wind, and the sound was as foreign as hearing death metal in a nursing home. As we drew closer, some of the children spotted us and waved in delight. Two of them sprinted close to the road, a girl and a boy, and they followed us excitedly. "Hey, you guys! We like your bikes!"



"Thanks!" said Mischa, nearly riding off the road in delight.

The outer suburbs unfurled in a similar fashion; every few hundred metres, we encountered groups working collaboratively to transform grassy spare blocks and park areas into market gardens. Nothing was burning, no one was screaming or fighting. I'd been expecting a scene from a Western with people suspiciously eying off the strangers and reaching for their guns; instead the locals seemed largely uninterested in us as they industriously laboured away.

Bailey couldn't help themself. "I don't see any villagers with pitchforks..."

"Just because this suburb is working nicely, doesn't mean they all are," I retorted.

But apparently, they were. The further we travelled, the more we found human systems whirring like clockwork. In the carpark of a shopping centre, we saw a makeshift market, with people trading food and supplies. A gathering of several hundred people on a footy oval listened intently to a woman who called over the crowd, and a school group were busy making candles in the warm sunshine, using wax heated over a well-maintained fire pit.

The abandoned cars, which had been infrequent on the freeway, were denser the father we rode towards the city centre, but they'd all been pushed off neatly to the sides of the road. Once, we'd had the smooth bitumen to ourselves; now, we had to share it with others. Cluster of people carrying supplies or towing trailers of food by hand, dogs that trotted merrily along with kids and teens, and at one stage we had to swerve to avoid two horses with riders who politely nodded at us before cantering past.

As we powered over a final ridge, the city revealed itself finally in the distance. Melbourne was a dusky silhouette of skyscrapers hugging the edge of a blue bay. This had once been my town, my home, and even now, she still took my breath away. I hoped the historical buildings clustered around the city centre were still standing, built in the age of the gold rush, ornate and glorious. Hope reared its tiny head in my heart, that maybe the rest of Melbourne was coping as well as the north.

When we paused for lunch, it was at a split in the freeway where a large service station stood. The shop shelves were empty, but it didn't look raided; it appeared to have been deliberately emptied. Rueben twisted a tap by the side of the building without much enthusiasm. We'd tried every water source we found on the road, and it was probably an 80/20 chance that the tap would do nothing more exciting than groan, gurgle and emit a puff of dust.

But the tap bubbled happily, pouring clean water onto the ground. Rueben shouted in delight, and the rest of us gathered around to refill bottles and wash our dusty faces.

"If they have water, it explains why it's not total anarchy here," I said to Bailey.

"Or maybe you need to give people more credit," they replied.

"Youse guys," said Nev, flapping a map around. "We're only about, like, this far from my house!" She indicated the distance with her fingers, which after spending so long analysing the Google print outs, I was pretty confident was only a few hours away.

We made good time, slinking down the western flank of city. As we rode, we found ourselves having to give way to more bikes, horses and foot traffic. I even saw a hipster riding a penny-farthing bicycle, seated high above the world, his long beard fluttering in the wind. There were more markets, people chatting and trading, and each home with a yard was being converted into some kind of garden, propagating veggies, fruit, chickens, even a few goats.

We passed a town square in Parkville, where a massive board had been raised. It was covered in signs, and a crowd was gathered around. People spilled onto the road, so we dismounted and edged our way through.



A woman stood in front of the board with a makeshift megaphone at her mouth, a curled-up piece of carboard in a cone-shape. "So, any of youse with plumbing skills, the clinic needs so help with their drains. Jurisdiction A is asking for volunteers to take on people who can't go home because they live in high rises, so if you have an extra room, let us know. Thank you to the runners, you've been doing a bloody brilliant job of getting messages out to the other jurisdictions and getting them back – thanks to you, we're staying connected, even if it might not be as fast as Twitter."

The crowd laughed easily, and I squinted at the speaker. There was something familiar about her voice, a certain way her words twanged. "Hey, do you guys think she sounds like-"

"OMG!" shrieked Nev, loud enough that I flinched. "Liana?"

Her voice carried over the crowd, and the speaker dropped her megaphone, her mouth a perfect o-shape. "Neveah? Is that you?"

"It's me! It's totally me!"

"Omg!" Liana launched herself off the small stage she'd been standing upon and the crowd parted for her as she sprinted towards Nev, her long hair fluttering behind her. "Oh my god!"

The two women clashed together, hugging and crying, and a spontaneous round of applause broke out.

"I can't believe you're here!"

"I can't believe I'm here either! Is Mum okay?"

"She's fine! Nonna's fine, the girls are fine, we're all fine. We never thought we'd see you again!"

The rest of us stood with our bikes, waiting them out, too tired to hurry things along or interrupt. Without trying to attract attention, I wheeled over to where Nev had dropped her bike, guarding it by placing a foot between the struts so it couldn't be lifted or ridden off.

Nev doesn't need her bike anymore. She's home. I ignored the thought, and anchored my foot on the ground more solidly.

Nev doesn't need her bike anymore. She's home. The two women were talking rapid fire; Liana was older by a few years, maybe in her thirties, and her hair was brassy with gold highlights, but the resemblance was unmistakable. She clutched at Nev's hands. "This is crazy."

"So crazy! Why were you up on stage?"

"I'm the jurisdiction Crier," she announced proudly. "Like the old-timey town criers, the ones who used to yell stuff. Once a day, I get to make all the announcements, so people know the plan."

"I always said you were the loudest chick in the family."

"Don't be rude, little sis! I'm super-important, don't you know?" She finally appeared to spot us. "Who're youse?"

"This is my clan," said Nev.

We introduced ourselves. The very-loud Liana said, "I'm Neveah's sister. I bet she talks about me all the time, yeah?"

"Uh, yeah," I said, even though I wasn't entirely sure I'd ever heard Nev mention her. Nev's family were like a singular organism, 'the fam,' with only her Nonna ever really getting a shout out. "Of course."

"So, where are youse staying?" asked Liana, flicking her dyed blonde hair from her shoulders, only a tiny black line of regrowth at her scalp giving away her secret. The world could end, and people would still be vain.

"With us," said Nev.

"Uh, no they aren't. We're full up. You can sleep in with me, Nicco can have the floor, but Jazz has the twins on the couch, and Clementine and Matilda are sharing the spare room. Nonna's 'friend' Joseph is staying in your old room, but god, they've been dating for twenty years, surely it's time for him to just share a bed with her..."



Rueben spoke. "We've got tents. We can set up in your yard."

"No go, bro." Liana shook her head and her large gold hoops wavered dangerously. "The backyard is covered in seedlings. We're growing pumpkins, and they're going gangbusters."

"The garage?" asked Nev, her voice starting to shake. Vicarious mortification thrummed in my head for her. She'd been yammering on for weeks about her family's legendary hospitality, and now she was practically begging for on oily patch of floor space in their carport for us.

Liana shot her down anyway. "We're hosting supplies in there – it's canned peaches and pears to the ceiling.

"It's fine," I interrupted. "I know a place we can go." Actually, I wasn't sure if the place in question would be free, but I was getting pissed listening to Liana list off the reasons that her sister, who'd travelled a thousand kilometres to be here, couldn't even bring home a couple of friends. "It's not far. Let's go."

Liana must have caught the tone in my voice, and she shot me a savage look. She addressed Nev. "Babes, I'm sorry your mates can't stay. It's been crazy here, and we had no idea you were coming with a whole crew of hangers-ons."

For a beat, I was glad Simon wasn't here; I could imagine him bristling, puffing up his chest and delivering a sermon to Liana about the noble art of hosting and generally not being an asshole.

I gave Nev the address. "You go spend some time with your family. Come and find us later."

"Okay," said Nev uncertainly. I felt her nerves; we'd been a unit for so long under such intense circumstances. Sending her off felt like farewelling a limb for an indeterminate period of time.

Bailey said, "Do you... do you want me to go with you?"

"No, no," said Nev, just a touch too fast. "You go and get set up. I'll come find youse later."

She gave each of us a quick hug, grabbed her bike and Bella, then disappeared with her sister, the two of them loud and animated.

"Right," I said with a confidence I didn't feel. "Come on."

In silence, we pushed the bikes along the narrow streets; this neighbourhood was established in more than a hundred years ago, and renovated workers cottages and adorable terrace houses lined the footpath. People were everywhere, washing clothing in vats near kempt fires, carrying food and gear, hauling wood. If it weren't for the abandoned cars and scooters, we could have been transported back to colonial days.

"So, where are we going?" asked Rueben.

This question. I steeled myself. "My ex's house. Dean. He has a townhouse not far from here, and he said I could use it when I spoke to him just before the phones went down."

"Ah." Rueben's voice was tight. "This is the Dean that's waiting for you in Tassie? The one who wants you back?"

"That's right."

"Well, how very generous of him," said Rueben, wheeling ahead slightly faster. "I'm sure this will make a great story to tell your grandkids one day."

I wasn't used to him being petty. "Rueben..." I called out, but didn't have anything to say as a follow up.

Bailey said, "When are you going to tell him?"

I knew what they were asking, but I was too emotionally wrung out to answer properly. "I don't owe Rueben any answers."

"Karla, the dude is clearly into you. He'd about to sail you across the Tasman. I think the least you can do is tell him-"



"Bailey, said with love, but if you don't shut your mouth, you can sleep in the garage in your tent tonight." Burning with something dark and bitter, I mounted my bike. "Come on."

Despite my tough talk, my stomach churned as I led everyone around the oh-so-familiar streets. When I saw Dean's place, I experienced an awful moment when I thought I might actually vomit. Why? I'm going to Dean. I love Dean. There's nothing wrong with being here.

Why? I'm going to Dean. I love Dean. There's nothing wrong with being here. Except there was. I was bringing the man I was sort-of sleeping with and his daughter to my ex's home, an ex I planned to reconcile with in the near future. Obviously I wouldn't share a bed with Rueben here, but it was seedy in a way that made me cringe. It also raised some very pertinent questions about what the dynamic of our group would be like when we finally arrived at my brother's farm.

Not now. I threw those thoughts off the mental cliff as well and pushed open Dean's side gate, pleased to see that the metal still stuck in the same place, that he'd never had it fixed. The townhouse soared above us, a sleek modern abode, all in shades of metallics and slate grey. Beside the imposing front door lay a pair of ancient Converse sneakers. I picked up the right one and opened a flap in the sole, exposing the spare key. "Come on in."

Not now. Memories crowded me as I showed Mish, Ruben and Bailey around. Too brightly, I said, "Bedrooms upstairs, let's pull the bikes into the garage. Chookie can have the courtyard. Is there water? Yes, there's water, good..."

We worked silently, setting up a camp of another kind. In a few minutes, we'd transformed Dean's immaculate bachelor pad into something that resembled a backpackers in Byron during Splendour week. We unpacked bags, washed clothes in sinks, raided his cupboard and sank into his $20k Nick Scali leather lounge, our feet up on the seats, revelling in the simple pleasure of sitting on something that wasn't a folding chair.

As the others unpacked, I silently slipped around the house, removing anything incriminating. Not just for my benefit, but because this wasn't my place and Dean deserved his privacy. I confiscated mail, then nabbed a few awards with his name on them, stuffing everything into the back of a laundry cupboard.

And the whole time, distant memories crowded me. I hadn't spent much time at Dean's place, but the times we'd had here were burned into my brain. The low planter in the courtyard where he'd once bent me over for moonlit sex, the bathtub we'd filled to the brim with bubbles, then slipped around like seals. Even the dining room was a house of memories, how I'd set up the table carefully with dinner for Dean, waiting for him to come home.

"Karla?" Rueben stood under the arched entrance to the dining room, eying me carefully. "I just wanted to check if you were happy with the master bedroom. Mish and I will take the second bedroom and Bailey's happy on the couch."

"Great." Bed sounded genuinely amazing. I was as tired as Atlas, holding up the world for too long, and now this additional burden of being in Dean's home after so long had my knees buckling with exhaustion.

"I'm sorry about before. I didn't mean to be short with you."

"It's fine."

"Can I ask..."

"Can you not?" I said, my words too sharp.

He gave me a beat to hear my tone in the air, then he said, "Karla, I don't have to ask you anything. We might not have a future as a couple, but I thought we were building a friendship together, and I don't want it to slip away."

Sadness engulfed me for a moment. He was so real, so present, this man who'd worshiped my body and laughed at my jokes and been by my side though the largest event in modern human history. The thought that we might dissipate like smoke in the wind was foreign.



He reached for my hand and I let him. "Okay," I murmured.

"I was interested in hearing about another one of your exes. Dom was a coercively controlling partner, and he left you damaged. I wondered about Dean."

"What about him?" I said, drawing my hand back and sidling from the room.

Rueben followed. "Well, was he before or after Dom?"

"Uh... Before."

"But I thought Dom was your first major relationship?"

"He was."

"So Dean wasn't a significant boyfriend?"

"No, he was..." I was getting tangled up. Desperate for an end to the conversation, I said, "I loved Dean in high school, but he was my older brother's best friend and he never took me seriously."

"But now he wants to reconcile? Why? If he never took you seriously?"

"Hello? Youse in there?" Nev's face appeared around the open front door, flushed and happy.

I immediately tore away from Rueben and hugged Nev hard. "Hey, girl! How are your fam? Tell us all about it."

Nev started talking and didn't stop for nearly an hour. I could feel Rueben admonishing me in silence for ditching our conversation but I tuned him out, nodding animatedly at Nev's anecdotes. Bailey made their way into the room and sat quietly, listening without giving away how they were feeling, while Nev nattered on about how important her sister was in this new world, how the city was faring, how her Nonna was.

"...And they realised pretty quick that people want more than just to survive, so they've decided to hold these street parties once a week for each jurisdiction, and District One is tonight which is the biggest one, it's in the city grid, and we have to go!"

It was almost the last thing in the world I felt like, coming a very close second to answering any more questions from Rueben about Dean. "I'm in."

That's how I found myself half an hour later, pushing my way through thick mobs of people in the wide streets of the CBD. Musicians were set up on almost every corner, playing a wild range of tunes like a randomised Spotify playlist. Jazz, acoustic rock, swing, indie; all swirling together in a discordance that caused my teeth to grind of their own accord.

Rueben and Mischa stayed for an hour, then he took the little girl home. I waited another two hours, until dark had fallen and I was sure they'd both me asleep. To kill the time, I danced half-heartedly between Nev and Bailey, who were gyrating so closely, I couldn't be entirely sure that second base wasn't passed at some stage.

Finally, I called it. I smoke-bombed out, slipping away from my two friends, grateful for the absence of phones for the first time because no one could text me demanding to know where I was or what time I'd left.

We'd ridden our bikes in, securing them to a solid metal bike rack outside a corporate building that would never again see a rush of Lycra-clad commuters on their way into the office. I unlocked mine and pedalled through the quieter streets of the city. Night in the city without electricity was beyond bizarre; where once there were street lights and billboards and ever-lit shop fronts, now there was only darkness. The formerly vibrant city felt abandoned, and for the first time, I sensed how much the world had truly changed.

Deep in melancholy, I was pushing my way up the small slope to Dean's house when my bike chain caught, shuddered and emitted an almighty thunk . "God dammit." We'd all slipped chains on the way down south, but they were a relatively simple fix. Leaning my bike against an ivy-covered wall, I peered at the teeth of the gears.

thunk The chain wasn't just off; it was broken, snapped, utterly screwed. Idiotic tears rose in my eyes. I hadn't cried properly about Simon yet, but I sobbed over the carcass of my bike. I'd never named my bike – Simon would have never allowed a gendering of mechanical devices – but I'd thought of it as my steed, the beast who'd borne me faithfully for a thousand kilometres. In a world where nothing was certain, the feel of the hard seat against my bruised butt was like kneeling at an altar. This felt as brutal watching the horse disappear into the bog in the Never-Ending Story, or the demise of the dog in This Is Legend, both cinematic events I'd never fully recovered from.

If Rueben could see me... I pushed my broken the rest of the way, weeping silently in the night. My own personal psychologist would have said my grief was misplaced, a repressed cache of feelings that was bound to burst out somewhere. Maybe he'd have a point.

If Rueben could see me... Back at Dean's, I laid my bike reverently in the garage, promising it a proper burial. Wiping my face, I entered the house.

"Karla."

Rueben sat at the dining table, with a photo frame face down in front of him, his eyes deep and wounded.

"Hey." I squeezed my nose and surreptitiously wiped the contents on my pants. "I thought you'd be in bed."

"I was tucking in Mish, when I spotted this."

He flipped the frame around. Dean's uni degree. Shit. "Rueben, I can explain-"

Shit. "I don't think I want to hear it," he said, standing. "You can have him, Karla. I'm done."

I didn't have the physical energy to open my mouth and stop him, let alone the emotional energy. Instead, I watched him leave.

He paused at the door. "I hope one day you realise what you're worth," he said softly, then left me alone in the darkness.





It's Christmas day here in Australia - 30 degrees outside and sunny and bright in Melbourne, the city where I live that I love so much. So if you're reading this book as it's posted - Merry Christmas! If it's like, I don't know, August, that's okay too :)

It's Christmas day here in Australia - 30 degrees outside and sunny and bright in Melbourne, the city where I live that I love so much. So if you're reading this book as it's posted - Merry Christmas! If it's like, I don't know, August, that's okay too :) It's Christmas day here in Australia - 30 degrees outside and sunny and bright in Melbourne, the city where I live that I love so much. So if you're reading this book as it's posted - Merry Christmas! If it's like, I don't know, August, that's okay too :) So - what did Rueben discover? How do you feel about the chances of a city being able to hold it together after the world ends? Will Nev stay with her fam or go to Tassie? Leave me a comment and a Christmas vote ;) xx Kate

So - what did Rueben discover? How do you feel about the chances of a city being able to hold it together after the world ends? Will Nev stay with her fam or go to Tassie? Leave me a comment and a Christmas vote ;) xx Kate So - what did Rueben discover? How do you feel about the chances of a city being able to hold it together after the world ends? Will Nev stay with her fam or go to Tassie? Leave me a comment and a Christmas vote ;) xx Kate





Chapter 24


"Yewse, I've got such a grouse feeling about this!" Nev was thrumming with excitement, and it caused her bike to waver dangerously from side to side on the wide beach-front path. "Wait – is that house purple?" She stood on her pedals and careened away, leaving Bailey and I to watch her toned butt disappearing around the next curve.

such "This is a bad idea," I murmured, not for the first time since leaving Dean's place earlier that morning.

The day had begun awkwardly; I'd woken up late in Dean's bed, trying to fight the waves of memory as they crashed over me. The sheets smelled of him, and after my argument with Rueben, my night had been haunted by dark dreams I was certain only happened because of the proximity to Dean's private space and Rueben's judgement.

Rueben and Mischa were gone when I finally ventured out into the kitchen, but Nev and Bailey were waiting for me. Nev had a dangerous shine in her eyes. "We're going to find Simon's family!"

"Sorry, what?" I'd slept like hell and my brain was running late to the conversation, stuck on a packed commuter train somewhere in my subconscious, anxiously checking its watch every ten seconds.

"Think about it! Simon told us everything we need to know to find them – his ex-wife's place was on the beach near Luna Park, it's purple and it has gargoyles. Remember?"

My brain texted me from the subway, a vague memory of Simon's 'who hurt me' night when he'd spoken about where his kids probably were right now. But... "Nev, why would we go to see Simon's kids?"

"Because! We can tell them their dad died a hero!" Nev flicked her long rope of hair behind her back, and I noted that someone, probably one of her nieces, had braided it into an intricate twist. "We have to do this – for Simon."

Bailey and I locked eyes, and they gave me a quick head shake. I knew Bailey well enough to hear their thoughts: don't say no. Give her this. Exasperated, I said, "Nev, it sounds lovely, but my bike broke last night – the chain is screwed, and I'm not walking to St Kilda."

don't say no. Give her this. "No problem! I already checked with Rueben and he said you can his bike for the day. He's taking Mish to the docks to check on the yacht, and they decided to walk for a change."

So many thoughts bustled in my head like a bevy of drunk girls in front of a nightclub mirror. Had they walked to take longer so Rueben would avoid seeing me? Would they just take the yacht and go? Did I even want to speak to him again?

Out of excuses, I sullenly dressed and followed Nev and Bailey out the door into a very warm and windy day. We'd started our ride at the Port Melbourne end of the waterfront homes and were leisurely making our way along the bay.

But so far, nada. Sighing, I said loud enough for Bailey to hear, "You know this is nuts, right? Either we don't find them and she'll be gutted, or we do and I can only imagine how well that's going to go down. You can't just keep humouring her, Bailey."

"Maybe I should just lie to her face," replied Bailey without taking their eyes off the road. "That's working out gang-busters for you, dear."

"Jesus. Claws away, please."

"I spoke to Rueben briefly this morning. He's pissed and I can't say I blame him."

"I was going to tell him. He just... worked it out first." My face burned from both sun and shame. "I didn't say anything because I knew he wouldn't understand, same as you have never understood."

"Same as you don't understand Nev. She needs this."

Annoyed that the conversation had swung so easily away from me and back to the pretty girl, I grew petty. "What about you, Bailey? What do you need? You're going to ditch me and stay here for her, for a fantasy."



"You really think what you have with Dean isn't a fantasy?" they shot back. "Glasshouses, Ms Kay."

Summoning my most mature self, I hissed, "Bite me," then pushed after Nev.

The bay water pulsed next to us, a living organism that happily stroked the sand. I noted that the waves were the clearest I'd ever seen them; probably because there were no shipping trawlers and cruise ships stirring up the bay bottom. Surely that was a good sign?

I wanted to feel hopeful, to indulge in Nev's simple way of seeing the world, but I couldn't. I'd read once that the more intelligent a person was, the less likely they were to be happy. It was a thought that had always comforted me in the dark days – I might be miserable, but I'm smarter that you – but now I would have traded every IQ point in my bag for some of her dauntless cheer.

I might be miserable, but I'm smarter that you We hunted along the meandering water-frontage, ogling homes that had been worth millions before millions stopped being worth anything. Stately manors, towering apartments, architecturally-forward showpieces. None of them were purple, but many of them had opened their doors to the community, sharing garden patches and extra bedrooms.

Luna Park loomed around the next bend; I'd expected an abandoned theme park to be as creepy as every Hollywood fright flick had set me up to believe, but in the daylight it was just another community space with people milling around, trading and working. The slats of the wooden roller coaster were being torn up and carefully stowed away in the Haunted House, for winter wood I guessed, and children ran and played among the productive adults.

Huh. My brain had finally arrived at its desk and pointed out something I'd missed; my heart didn't hurt looking at the kids. I saw them - babies in prams, toddlers making a break for it while their grown-ups were distracted, older kids playing tag - and nothing pinched inside me the way it used to. Maybe I was finally over what had happened to me, or maybe I just had more things to grieve these days so my failed pregnancy was slipping down the list of things that caused me emotional pain.

Huh. We pushed on past the eerie laughing clown face gates of the amusement park and around the next bend. "It has to be here," said Nev insistently.

"We'll keep looking," said Bailey.

We rode until St Kilda gave way to Brighton, until it was clear the house wasn't there. "Maybe it was a bit back from the beach, or on a side street," said Nev. "We can try again another day, right, Bailes?"

Bailey nodded. "He'd be happy you tried, Nev."

I barely contained a snort. Simon would be thoroughly pissed to know we'd attempted to contact his children. What was it about death that made people glorify the ones who'd passed and attribute entirely new personalities to them? When I went, I wanted people to be honest: she was a big mouth, a problem solver, she did a ton of self-sabotage, and she loved too hard.

On the ride back, I swatted a fly off my nose and the motion caused me to glance across the road towards a high wall hugging a tight corner. Atop the imposing brick was a snarling stone demon; beyond that, a flash of pale purple.

I nearly didn't say anything; I knew how this would end. But a sadistic side of my personality wanted to watch some drama that wasn't mine, to grab popcorn and see someone else make a mess of things for once. "Hey, Nev? I think I found it..."

We wheeled our bikes over to the soaring steel gates. The house didn't face the beach, which seemed like poor planning for a bayside block, but instead turned its stately front to the south, as if it was too aristocratic to do anything as gauche as gaze out to sea. The paint was more of a light lavender, which accounted for why we missed it the first pass. I was pretty certain we'd all been looking for a Ribena-type purple.



Unlike the neighbours, this home was locked up tight. Nev pulled uselessly on the gates. "Yo! Anyone in there?"

"There," said Bailey, pointing out a young boy who played in the grass beside a hoary oak tree. "Oi, matey! Can you get a grown up for us?"

The child stood and placed his hands on his hips, unimpressed. I gasped, and Nev clapped her hands to her mouth. "Oh my god, you guys, did you see that?"

"Yes," said Bailey in awe. It was exactly the same way Simon would stand when he was annoyed or perplexed, the gesture perfectly recreated in this small human.

"Mum!" the kid yelled. "Someone's trying to get in the gates!"

Two figures emerged from the house; a woman with a severe fringe, and a man with a raised cricket bat that clearly wasn't intended to smack red balls. They were older than us, in their thirties, and their faces were set in masks of defensiveness. "Get inside," the woman said urgently to the boy, and the two adults approached us.

"What do you want?" she asked, her voice hard.

"The scar," murmured Bailey. Sure enough, there was a shining thread of silver that trailed down the woman's face from her brow to her cheek.

She noticed us staring and arranged her hair to fall forward, obscuring the fault line. "I said what do you want? This is private property."

"You're Maisie," I said quickly. To the man beside her, I made an educated guess. "And I think you're Alan. Your mum is Mary, and this house used to be your grandfather's."

"How... how do you know all of that?" said the man, who had to be Alan from the look of awe on his face.

"We've been travelling with your dad," said Nev proudly.

Maisie's face flickered from shock to anger in less than a second. "That drunk loser? Don't tell me he's here. If he's sent you lot to try and butter us up so he can come crawling back into our lives, tell him not to bother. The world might have ended, but that doesn't change the fact that we want nothing to do with him – does it, Alan?"

Her brother's face showed only shock, and he lowered his bat in silence.

Nev's voice rose as she defended her road dad. "He wasn't a loser – he had a disease. And no, he's not here, but you'd be lucky if he was because he was one of the best blokes I've ever met."

"Was?" asked Alan softly.

"He died on the road with us," said Bailey. "He defended us against someone who would have hurt Karla and Nev. You should know your dad was a hero."

Alan's expression gave nothing away, and I wondered if he'd even heard us. Maisie, on the other hand, showed enough emotion for the both of them and then some. She sneered. "Good riddance. He ruined my face and my life. He was a drunk who only ever thought about himself, and I'm glad I never have to see him again."

Nev took a breath, and I knew she was preparing to screech. I laid a hand on her shoulder and took over. "That might have been the man you grew up with, but that's not the man we knew. Our Simon was generous and funny and he defended people who needed it. He still drank, but he worked for me for years and I never had a problem with him. And for what it's worth – he loved you both very much, until the day he died."

"It's worth nothing," said Maisie. Her voice was saturated with sarcasm as she said, "I'm so glad you got the father we wished we'd grown up with, but forgive me if I'm not about to cry my eyes out over a man I haven't seen or wanted to see in years."

so She jutted her chin at us. "You need to leave. Alan, come on." With staccato steps, she stormed back up the cobblestone driveway and into the magnificent home.



Alan hesitated. As he squinted, I could see shades of his dad in his face, in the cant of his eyebrows and the shade of his beard. "Did... Do you think he had changed?" he asked uncertainly.

"As much as a person is capable of change," I said, aiming for honesty, not platitudes. "He had his faults, but he was a good man."

His eyes were growing puffy. "I read the emails he sent us. I didn't reply, but I looked at them all."

It wasn't enough, but it had to be. "It was nice to meet you," said Bailey, leading us away from the gate, leaving Alan to absorb what we'd said.

Once we were out of earshot, Nev exploded. "This is such bull! Simon's kids are arseholes! They didn't even care he was dead! He's their family, and they didn't give a toss!"

bull! "Nev, you place too much weight on family," I said, throwing my leg over Rueben's bike. "Just because you share blood with someone doesn't mean you're close or you care about them or that you owe them anything. Family only means what the people in that family make it mean."

"Well, family should mean something," she retorted. "My fam are the best – you'll see when you come to dinner tonight and meet them."

"Dinner?" I said, wondering if I could fake a cold or an injury or an STD, anything that would excuse me for the night.

Nev eyed me cannily. "Everyone is coming to dinner – that includes you, Karla. This might be our last night together before yewse are off, so yeah, you're coming and don't make me fight you on it."

"Please, Karla," said Bailey quietly as Nev pedalled away furiously. "I need some moral support tonight."

Cornered, I said, "Fine."

Back at Dean's place, I locked myself away in the master bedroom and tidied up as best I could. Nev had loaned me a scarlet maxi-skirt with a stretchy waistband that belonged to her sister which I paired with my fitted black tee, the last clean item of clothing in my backpack.

Looking in the mirror, I analysed my reflection. My belly was definitely smaller, but I hadn't had the drastic Biggest Loser-style transformation I'd been hoping for since starting this journey. Still, I looked okay-ish; my arms were browner and my skin was clear. I would have left the room feeling pretty good if I hadn't realised at the last minute that Liana's skirt was from a maternity collection.

In the kitchen, Bailey was drinking wine while Nev played chess with Mischa; neither of them were following the rules from what I could see, but they were happily dancing Dean's marble knights against the glass board while making horse noises.

The little girl looked up. "Woah. You look so pretty."

"Thanks," I said, blushing furiously.

"You need a flower for your hair. I saw a red one outside!" Mish scampered off out the front as Rueben emerged.

The sight of him made me shiver. I hadn't looked at him properly in days, and weirdly I'd forgotten how attractive he was. He wore the white business shirt from the day we'd met in my offices over a pair of black jeans. The stubble on his face was shifting from rough growth into an impressive beard, and his strong hands smoothed back his hair into something resembling a style. Our eyes connected, and while my libido flared, my emotions shrivelled to see the distance behind his stare.

Nev clapped. "Great! We're all here. Let's go!"

We walked in the mild night air, a sliver of moon casting just enough light to see. Nev and Bailey strolled in front of us, arm in arm. Rueben fell into step with me just as Mish pranced up with a brilliant hibiscus bloom. "There! Watch out, it has some ants in it."



"Thank you, Mish." I gave her a quick hug, then hunted down the stray ants and tucked the flower behind my ear.

"I'm getting one for Nev too!" She bolted off ahead again, leaving me with her dad.

"She likes you," said Rueben.

"I like her."

He let the silence hang between us like a sticky strand of honey. Unable to bear it, I blustered out with, "I was going to tell you. About Dean."

"Hmm." Rueben lifted his hands and gestured as if writing calligraphy in the air.

"Dean Owen Mealy," said Rueben softly, speaking the triple-barrelled name from the uni certificate that had given away my dark secret. "D. O. M. Dean is Dom."

"Yes."

"I had guessed it. I just didn't want to believe that you've been lying to me."

"It wasn't a lie," I defended. "He was only Dom to me when I was with him – it was like he was someone else. And because we didn't want my brother to find out we were dating, it made it easier. I could talk about Dom, and no one realised who I actually meant."

"Was it you that didn't want your brother to find out you were dating his friend, or was it Dean's idea to keep it a secret?"

"Both. My brother has always had this weird thing about me not dating Dean, even when we were in high school."

"Do you think that's because maybe he knew what his friend was like with women and he wanted to protect you from him?"

"No, it's because my brother didn't want the hassle of his baby sister ruining his friendship circle."

"You're still planning on getting back together with Dean, even after how he treated you?"

I felt uncomfortably hot all over. "You make it sound so simple, same as Bailey. Dom- Dean made some mistakes, sure – but if he'll have me, I have to try again."

"That's strong language. Have to – as if you don't have a choice."

Have to "You're twisting my words."

"They're your words."

"Then I'll be clear: I choose to forgive and forget and try again."

choose "Why?"

"Because Dean is my sunset," I burst out, the words escaping from somewhere they should have been locked up tightly.

"Your what?"

Annoyed at Rueben for delving into this private matter, I pledged not to give him the satisfaction of seeing me squirm. Affecting pride, I said, "When I picture myself at eighty in my rocking chair, watching the sunset, it's always been Dean I've pictured beside me." I tried to explain what Bailey had never understood, hoping that Rueben would. "That's why I'm trying again, because people can change and he's ready now. He told me he was wrong about breaking up with me when we spoke on the phone."

"I said I wouldn't shrink you anymore, but let's talk about him for a second. What's Dean's relationship with your brother like? They've been out of high school for a while now."

"They're not as close as they used to be. They had a weird argument over some investment a few years back." I'd felt a savage delight when my brother had told me; listening to the anger in his voice when he spoke about Dean was like lancing a boil, pus pouring out, leaving me sore.

"But he visits your brother on his farm, just as the end of the world is about to happen. He's a smart guy – he knows that the farm is a great deal, and he needs a way to secure his place there. What better way than to become romantically entangled with his mate's sister?"



"It's not like that," I said, feeling a burble of acid in my stomach that seemed to side with Rueben on this one.

"The timing seems very coincidental, Karla. You don't hear from him for years, and suddenly he's indicating that he wants you back. It's a win-win for him – either you never arrive at the farm, in which case he can mourn you with your parents and brother like a bereaved son-in-law, basically making himself part of the family. And if you do make it there, he can pick up his games with you exactly where he left off – putting you down, having you cater to all his whims, serving him sexually."

"You don't know him."

"Actually, I do. These types of abusive men are surprisingly easy to predict. They have similar MOs." Rueben stopped and reached for my hand. "Please. I'm not saying you have to decide anything now, but you're highly intelligent, Karla. Look at this logically as well as through your romantic lens."

I wavered for a second, my heart balanced on a tightrope that was being rocked up and down. Rueben's words rang true, but to believe them meant that I had to fundamentally change views I'd held for as long as I'd been using tampons. "No. Look, judging Dom is one thing – we were young and stupid and mistakes were made - but Dean is different. Dean is my destiny, my perfect person, my everything."

"Dean is your fantasy," Rueben said without judgement. "You've been infatuated with him since you were a teenager, and even when you were together, you never felt as though you deserved him. He's unattainable, and that keeps you desperate for another chance."

"You're doing it again. Psychoanalysing me."

"But I'm not wrong."

"It's not wrong to want things, Rueben. You keep yourself closed off because of how your ex hurt you, but you feel superior to me because you can use your daughter as an excuse to keep people at arms length."

I saw that I'd hit home. He opened his mouth, closed it, tried again. "I have to protect Mish."

"I know that, but if you can't see that telling me that you'd sleep with me but not be with me was intended to sabotage what we could have been, then you need to go back to therapist school."

We fell into silence again, like sliding into a sandy pit with sheer sides. Ahead of us, Mischa gambolled from bush to bush, searching for more flowers to nest in Nev's braid.

"I'm making this easy for you," I said, the words curdling as they exited my throat, leaving me with an acid reflux taste when I swallowed. "We had something fun on the road, and I'm glad we had our fifteen minutes together. But I've got Dean, and you've got Mischa. We're friends who formerly had benefits. Let's not complicate things."

"Okay." His tone was completely neutral, and I hated that he was giving up. But why? Wasn't this the best outcome? Dean was the sunset, not Rueben. I couldn't stop loving a man I'd given my heart to the day I first saw him playing basketball with my brother in our driveway when I was barely past puberty, not even if I wanted to.

And I didn't want to. Not really. Sure, we had some stuff to work through, but all couples did. And we were older now; we weren't those kids fresh out of uni, trying to discover who we were. I closed my eyes briefly as I walked and tried to picture that sunset in my head, but all I could visualise were stormy waters.

"Karla? We're here!" Nev grabbed my arm, and I almost tripped as I saw we had stopped outside a large home with pillars flanking the front door and brocaded curtains sheltering the windows. Putting my despair to the side, I forced myself to smile.

Nev and Mischa burst into the house followed by Rueben, and joyful shouts echoed from within. I turned to Bailey. "Ready to meet your in-laws?

"Ha ha."

I heard the nerves in Bailey's voice and enfolded their hand in mine. "You'll be great."

"Families have never liked me."

" Your family didn't like you, but others will."

Your Nev reappeared at the door, face flushed. "Come on, yewse guys! Get your arses in here!"

I laughed, and we got our arses into the house.





Chapter questions: would you forgive Simon if he was your dad? Can people really change? Will Nev's family like Bailey? Have you ever had a friend get back with an ex and you wish you could just shake them and scream "NOOOOO!!!" in their face? Let me know :)

Chapter questions: would you forgive Simon if he was your dad? Can people really change? Will Nev's family like Bailey? Have you ever had a friend get back with an ex and you wish you could just shake them and scream "NOOOOO!!!" in their face? Let me know :) Chapter questions: would you forgive Simon if he was your dad? Can people really change? Will Nev's family like Bailey? Have you ever had a friend get back with an ex and you wish you could just shake them and scream "NOOOOO!!!" in their face? Let me know :) If you are enjoying this story, please consider adding it to one of your public reading lists, and always, my gorgeous reader, please remember to vote xx

If you are enjoying this story, please consider adding it to one of your public reading lists, and always, my gorgeous reader, please remember to vote xx If you are enjoying this story, please consider adding it to one of your public reading lists, and always, my gorgeous reader, please remember to vote xx





Chapter 25


As I hid behind the backyard mint bush while attempting to discretely swat bugs off my skin without alerting my friends to my presence, I decided this was officially the most awkward dinner party I'd ever been too.





Not the worst dinner party, mind you – Dean, when he was Dom to me, had dragged me along to a conference dinner once as a reward for losing weight. That was absolute hell. The food was fancy and rich, and I was conscious of the calories of every crumb I allowed past my lips as Dom watched me like a hawk. The people were awful, stereotypical douchebag lawyers and their vapid trophy wives, which meant the discussions were either about complex litigation matters I couldn't follow, or concerned the latest Kardashian/West dramas and where to find the best lipliner tattoo artist.

At the end of the night, Dom had critiqued me mercilessly, and I'd fallen asleep in tears – after doggy-style sex where he'd almost yanked my hair clean off my scalp. Funny, the things you forget... Being back in Dom's bed after so long caused all kinds of odd memories to float to the surface at unexpected moments, and I was doing my best to keep them submerged.

Funny, the things you forget... This dinner party had been awks from the start, as Nev would say. Nev had introduced Bailey as we'd walked in, but it was clear she hadn't thought about how to refer to them. "Mum, Nonna,, Jazz, Liana, this is my... This is Bailey. Bailey and I, we're- well, we have been really close on the road, and Bailey is important to me, okay?"

I'd winced, but Bailey's face had been neutral. I'd wondered if they'd retreated into their mind, to the places where they'd hid when their own family had treated them like an oddity. "Hi, I'm Bailey. My pronouns are they/them."

"Your what?" Nev's mother, a slender woman with dyed auburn hair and darkly tanned skin, blinked in confusion.

"Their pronouns, Mum," said Nev. "Like, instead of she and her, or he and him, Bailey uses they and them."

"But... There's only one of you." Mrs Cirillo looked around at her other daughters and her mother, her face seeking a sign that this was madness. " They is for more than one person."

They I paused, waiting for Simon to launch into one of his classic lectures about gender and the limitations of the English language, forgetting for a second that he was dead. Guess it's up to me. "Actually, Mrs Cirillo, because we don't have a non-gendered pronoun, people like Bailey use they and them to refer to just one person. Most languages in the world don't even have grammatical gender – English is a minority that way."

Guess it's up to me. "Yeah," interjected Nev. "And we do use they and them for one person in English too – like saying, 'if someone comes to dinner and they insult the food, they would get a boot to the arse.'"

"Ma, just let them in," said Liana, evidently bored. "Nev, give us a hand in the kitchen."

After only an hour in Nev's familial home, it was evident that gender lines were everywhere, like invisible duct tape stretched across the rooms. The men - Nev's step-dad, her sister's husbands and her nonna's partner - sat in the front lounge smoking in silence, which was where Rueben was immediately relegated to. The women dominated the kitchen; it was hard to tell if they were cheerful because of the large amount of yelling that went on, but they seemed content. The little girls were coddled and doted upon – Mischa happily wallowed in the attention – but the boys were screamed at and insulted constantly.

Bailey lurked in the corridor, not sent in with the men or invited to help with the women. I didn't want to believe they'd been deliberately excluded; it felt more like a case of not knowing what to do with them. I kept Bailey company, pouring us both pinot noir from the bottle I'd claimed from Dean's wine rack, and Nev shot us apologetic looks as she bustled around.



Liana announced dinner with an almighty bellow – not for nothing was she jurisdiction crier – then she proceeded to dominate the conversation at the crowded table filled with woodfire pizzas. "So, the runners take the messages between the jurisdictions, and we've sent teams to Sydney and Adelaide and Canberra as envoys too, check in on what they're doing, see if we can help. Tomorrow, it's a D2D day – that's door-to-door, yeah? We get teams on the street checking in with people, make sure they're okay and if they need- boys, if youse keep being little dickheads, I swear, you'll be eating out of a dog bowl in the kitchen!"

boys, if youse keep being little dickheads, I swear, you'll be eating out of a dog bowl in the kitchen!" My eyes flew across the table to meet Bailey's. I'd meant to smile encouragingly, but I paused when I saw metallic fire burning behind their eyes that had nothing to do with the candle light. "I have a question," Bailey said with barely-concealed anger. "Why do the boys sit alone at their own table?"

It was a fair question. Even dinner had been segregated, with the men at the far end of the main table, the boys sequestered at a separate table altogether. Bailey, I'd noticed, had been placed somewhere in the middle of the men and women, and was being largely ignored.

All through dinner, Nev had sat uncomfortably by Bailey's side, clutching at their fingers under the table between bouts of discussion with her sister and mother that seemed to stream from their mouths like verbal diarrhoea. I felt her nerves; the strain of seeing her family after so long coupled with bringing a new SO home, plus the general end-of-world tensions layered with the uniqueness of her and Bailey's relationship.

None of this was exactly unexpected; Nev had warned us about how her family operated but seeing it in the flesh was different. My chest ached to see Bailey, stoic and silent, enduring yet another family situation that didn't want to acknowledge them.

And now Bailey had asked a question that silenced the table; even the small boys paused their antics to listen to the response. Liana spoke first. "Uh, because they're boys. They're all dirty grubs, and if we let them sit with us, they'll trash the table and act like idiots."

"But being messy and noisy isn't a gendered thing," said Bailey calmly. "That boy over there, who's he?"

Nev supplied the name of the kids sitting quietly at the boys' table. "That's JJ."

"Well, he's the neatest, best behaved kid in this place. And that little miss," Bailey said, indicating the girl with her hands deep in a bowl of salad sitting next to Liana, "she's been way more nuts than any of the boys."

Mrs Cirillo spoke up. "This is how it's done in our home, Bailey."

"But why?" Bailey pressed. "Kids often act the way they're treated too, so the longer that you assume 'boys will be boys' and reinforce to girls that their only worth is in being pretty, the more they'll try to live up to their stereotypes."

"Stereotypes exist for a reason," said Mrs Cirillo. "Now, who wants dessert?"

Bailey opened their mouth to speak again, but Nev squeezed their hand, and I watched Bailey shake their head sadly as they gave up.

Over the dried fruit and cheese platters, Nev's other sister called out. "Hey, Bailey? Like, no offence, but I know we're all wondering... are you, like, actually a chick or a bloke?"

Jesus. I choked on a slice of salami as Bailey answered coolly. "I'm non-binary, Jazz. That means I don't identify as a man or a woman."

Jesus. "Yeah, but..." I watched the woman struggle to phrase her question another way. "Like, what were you born with – a hoo hoo or dangly bits?"

Giggles broke out around the table, from both the children and the adults. The rage bubble that had been slowly growing in my chest finally popped. My voice was verging on a shout as I said, "Hey, Jazz? When you gave birth to the twins, did they give you an episiotomy – like, cut your vaginal opening or did your perineum just tear?"



"What?" she said, her face growing purple.

"Or what about your husband's penis? Is he circumcised?"

Jazz's voice was barely a squeak. "I beg your freaking pardon?"

I leaned forward and lowered my tone to a growl. "It's not pleasant to talk about your genitals with a stranger in a public forum, is it?"

A bark of laughter came from the far end of the table, and I looked up to see Nonna with a grin on her face. The rest of Nev's family goggled at me in horror. Bailey nodded in thanks, and Rueben chuckled proudly. I didn't dare to look at Nev's face.

Mrs Cirillo recovered fastest. "Okay, which one of youse is going to help me boil water for tea and coffee?" She exited the room, followed closely by the other women.

My stomach released a gurgle of acid, stirred up by eating cheese for the first time in a few weeks, and I burped into my hand. "I need water," I said to Nev, excusing myself.

I didn't dare walk into the lioness's lair that was the kitchen, so I slid open the side door to the back veranda. I knew I'd seen a wooden bar with a sink outside overlooking the pumpkin patch seedlings and a well-established herb garden. I filled a glass and drained it, the water cool against my throat, but my burping continued. All this extended stress was doing nothing for my digestion.

I remembered from a Googling session when I was pregnant that peppermint was supposed to help with gastric reflux. Stepping into the dark herb garden, I reached for the small leaves around me, plucking and crushing to identify them by scent. That's basil. You're parsley. Rosemary?

That's basil. You're parsley. Rosemary? I wandered deeper into bushes, finally finding the distinct and soft mint leaves I'd been hunting for. Gratefully, I crammed a few in my mouth just as two people walked out onto the veranda. Bailey and Nev. My mouth opened to alert them to my presence, just as a mint leaf shard lodged itself in my throat. Winded and silent, I doubled over, eyes streaming as I spat green gobs into the dirt.

By the time I straightened up, Nev was already speaking. "Bailey, I'm so sorry. They don't mean it."

"I know."

"They're just... This is new for them."

"I know."

She moved forward to hug Bailey, but they didn't hug her back. Nev whispered, "Please don't be mad."

"I'm not."

"You are!"

I knew I should have said something, but the conversation was in too deep to be interrupted. I hid and tried not to listen with zero success.

Bailey said, "I'm not mad, Nev. I didn't expect anything different. It's always been like this for me. I've never met a family who I liked, or who liked me."

A heavy beat. "You don't like my family?"

"Please don't be like that. You know they didn't like me either. And I'm aware it's new for them to have a non-binary person in their midst, that's not the issue, but the old school gendered garbage that's engrained here does my head in."

"So, what? You're just going to ditch me now, run off to Tassie just because you don't love my family?"

Bailey reached for her hands. "No. I'm not leaving. I'm won't be living here, it's fine, I can stay at Karla's ex's place and you can visit me there. I don't have to love your family, Nev. I love you."

"I love you too." They kissed fiercely, their slender forms intertwined as silhouettes in the reflected lantern lights from inside. Then Nev pulled back. "That's why I can't let you stay here. You have to go with Karla and the others."



"What are you talking about?"

"You're going to live on your own, with no support and no family in a city you've never been in before? You'll be miserable."

"I'll be happy because I'll be with you."

"You have a clan who needs you and wants you. It's not fair for me to make you stay here. I don't want that."

"What do you want, Nev?" Bailey framed her face, their slender fingers holding her cheeks and lovingly wiping away her tears.

"I want... I want the world to be different. I want to come with you."

"Then come."

"It's not that easy. My family are here."

"Do you feel how you get swallowed up by your family? It's like you're a different person here."

"I know. It's always been like this though. Liana's the ball-buster, Jazz is the princess, my mum yells and my Nonna reigns over everything. I just try to fit in and keep up."

"They don't need you, Nev. Not like we need you. Not like I need you."

"I'm sorry. I can't."

They kissed again. Bailey said, "I'm not leaving you, no matter what. If you want to stay, we'll stay."

The sliding door slammed and both Bailey and Nev jumped as a third figure joined them. "Nonna!"

"I want to have a chat with my granddaughter," said Nonna. I realised this was the first time I'd heard her speak all night - she was definitely more of the scary-stare type of matriarch - but her perfect English was lyrical and thick with accent.

"Of course." Bailey kissed Nev's cheek. "I'll see you in there."

When they were alone (except for me, wriggling to keep the mossies from landing on my skin) Nonna said, "Did I ever tell you about coming over here with your grandfather?"

"Not much. Just that one day you decided to move with Pappy, so you got married and packed up and that was it."

Nonna sat heavily on a barstool, turning her wrinkled face to the night sky. "Back in the old country, I had a very big family. Do you think they were pleased to watch me sail off to the other side of the world with a man I'd only just met?"

"No..."

"Your pappy had a job waiting for him in Australia, and he would have given it up to be with me. I decided he shouldn't have to. My mother, she cried, my father, he threatened me. But I was my own woman, and I chose Pappy."

"Did you ever regret it?"

"Of course!" she laughed, the dry barking sound rattling out of her chest. "A thousand times over! Whenever I had an argument with Pappy, or the Australians would make fun of my accent, or I had two children under two and no family to help me. But at the end of each day, I knew that my life with Pappy was worth more than a thousand little moments of regret. I would never change the choice I made."

Nev wiped her streaming eyes. "So, what are you saying, Nonna?"

She placed a shaking hand on Nev's smooth one. "I'm not saying anything, Neveah. You are a strong, beautiful young woman, capable of making choices for yourself. Part of growing up means that the family you were born with becomes less of a priority, and you make a family of your own. One day, I'll be gone, so will your mother, your sisters have their own lives and children. Make sure that wherever you choose to be, you are there for yourself, not for their sakes."

They left the veranda, and I snuck back inside, hoping that no one noticed the grass stains on my long red skirt. Everything was wrapping up by then, people saying their goodbyes and offering thanks, but there was no warmth to the interactions.



Mrs Cirillo approached Bailey. "Well, this certainly was... interesting."

Bailey smiled dryly. "It was."

"I've always said, I don't care who my children love, girl or boy, if they are treated right, they're alright with me." She nodded at Bailey slowly. "You treat my Neveah right, and I have no problem with you."

"Thanks."

Nev followed us to the street, uncharacteristically quiet. "I'll see youse tomorrow, yeah?"

Rueben spoke up, his voice low and soft. "Last day tomorrow. We'll have to get an early night of sleep so we can sail at dawn on Tuesday."

Bailey, Nev and I froze. "Oh." We had a date, a time, a countdown to the splitting of our clan. The impending moment loomed before us as we left Nev and journeyed into the night.

We walked in silence for a few blocks, until Mischa said sleepily, "Daddy, can you carry me?"

"You're getting a bit big for that," Rueben responded, groaning with her weight as he lifted her.

"No, I'm not. I'm your baby."

"Yes, you are."

I smiled, watching him curl Mish to his chest. He said, "You two can go ahead. I might be a bit slow carrying this big baby."

"We won't go far."

Bailey and I walked in front of him. In my most diplomatic voice, I said, "So... Nev's family..."

"They're fine," said Bailey quickly.

"Really?"

"You can't expect people to change overnight, just because something new comes along. It might just take time."

I internally commented that it would take Nev's family several millennia to adjust their ways. "You're still going to stay then?"

"I'm going to stay wherever Nev is."

"Then we better make tomorrow count. We'll do something fun together, okay?"

I glanced at Bailey, alarmed to see tears falling from their grey eyes. They said, "I will miss you."

"I'll miss you too."

We linked arms and walked in silence back to Dean's townhouse. Inside, we all wandered off to bed, barely a murmured goodbye between us.

As I closed the door to Dean's bedroom, fatigue opened another door in my mind, leaving me defenceless as a hundred memories swamped me at once, overlaying the room with the one I'd used to know.

I race into the bedroom, panting, covered in sweat, heart painfully thumping. "Dom? Where are you? Are you okay?"

I race into the bedroom, panting, covered in sweat, heart painfully thumping. "Dom? Where are you? Are you okay?" He lies on the bed, a glass of whiskey in his hand and a grin on his face. "Right here, baby girl."

He lies on the bed, a glass of whiskey in his hand and a grin on his face. "Right here, baby girl." "Did you take the pills? Are you okay? Should I call 000?" I'm frantic with worry from his threat, and I clamber onto the bed, reaching for him.

"Did you take the pills? Are you okay? Should I call 000?" I'm frantic with worry from his threat, and I clamber onto the bed, reaching for him. He grabs me and flips me easily onto my back. "Settle down, you idiot. I didn't take anything. I just wanted you home."

He grabs me and flips me easily onto my back. "Settle down, you idiot. I didn't take anything. I just wanted you home." I should be mad, but his kisses feel good, and more than that – I am wanted. He needs me so much, as much as I need him. I surrender, and he strips off my sweaty jeans, pushing me onto my stomach. For a moment, I writhe in anticipation, then as he penetrates me anally without preamble, agony racks my body and I almost black out. I don't scream in pain; what he's doing to me is horrific, but on some level I know it will be worse if I make him stop.

I should be mad, but his kisses feel good, and more than that – I am wanted. He needs me so much, as much as I need him. I surrender, and he strips off my sweaty jeans, pushing me onto my stomach. For a moment, I writhe in anticipation, then as he penetrates me anally without preamble, agony racks my body and I almost black out. I don't scream in pain; what he's doing to me is horrific, but on some level I know it will be worse if I make him stop. Another night. I'm lying in bed, waiting to hear his snores. There is an agonising burn between my thighs that normally settles down a few minutes after sex. I'm used to not coming when we make love, but tonight I'm so stimulated, I won't be able to sleep until I reach orgasm. Once Dom drops off, I'll make myself quietly come and everything will be fine.

Another night. I'm lying in bed, waiting to hear his snores. There is an agonising burn between my thighs that normally settles down a few minutes after sex. I'm used to not coming when we make love, but tonight I'm so stimulated, I won't be able to sleep until I reach orgasm. Once Dom drops off, I'll make myself quietly come and everything will be fine. But Dom is sleeping lightly tonight, and my subtle movements wake him. "What the fuck are you doing? Are you...?"

But Dom is sleeping lightly tonight, and my subtle movements wake him. "What the fuck are you doing? Are you...?" I am so close, and desperation for release makes me plead. "I just... I needed a bit extra tonight."

I am so close, and desperation for release makes me plead. "I just... I needed a bit extra tonight." "So, what are you saying? I'm not enough for you?"

"So, what are you saying? I'm not enough for you?" "No, you are, Dom, I swear-"

"No, you are, Dom, I swear-" "Are you a nympho or something? If you're going to fap off like a needy bitch, go in the fucking bathroom."

"Are you a nympho or something? If you're going to fap off like a needy bitch, go in the fucking bathroom." I scurry off to his ensuite, tears of humiliation rolling down my face as I bring on an unsatisfying climax, trying to avoid seeing how disgusting I look in the mirror.

I scurry off to his ensuite, tears of humiliation rolling down my face as I bring on an unsatisfying climax, trying to avoid seeing how disgusting I look in the mirror. The light changes; still in the bathroom, another night. I'm on the tiles, surrounded by bloody pads, trying to cry without tears or sound. Dom wanders in. "So... I guess you're not up for it tonight then?"

The light changes; still in the bathroom, another night. I'm on the tiles, surrounded by bloody pads, trying to cry without tears or sound. Dom wanders in. "So... I guess you're not up for it tonight then?" I had an abortion less than twelve hours ago; even if I could manage it physically, I was too distraught to sit up, let alone make love. "Can you give me a day?" I croak.

I had an abortion less than twelve hours ago; even if I could manage it physically, I was too distraught to sit up, let alone make love. "Can you give me a day?" I croak. "What's wrong with your face?" He sneers, leaning in close. "Have you been crying?"

"What's wrong with your face?" He sneers, leaning in close. "Have you been crying?" This is a dangerous question. "No, I'm fine."

This is a dangerous question. "No, I'm fine." "You know... You say you want me, you say you want us to work, but you won't even give me sex, you don't dress up, you won't lose weight, and now you're all weepy. I gotta tell you, Kay, it's a turn-off."

"You know... You say you want me, you say you want us to work, but you won't even give me sex, you don't dress up, you won't lose weight, and now you're all weepy. I gotta tell you, Kay, it's a turn-off." "Dom... I'll try harder, I swear, I just need a few days-"

"Dom... I'll try harder, I swear, I just need a few days-" "All I'm saying is that it might be too late..."

"All I'm saying is that it might be too late..." Back in the present, I lean against the frame of the bathroom door and remember how he was so repulsed by me. How only a day or so later, he started making excuses why I couldn't come over anymore. Then, the text message to say that he'd made a mistake, that I was too big a problem for him to ever be with me.

How did I spin all of this so wrong in my head? I wondered. This wasn't love. It never had been. Sure, there had been good times, the moments that he'd made me feel special, like there was no one else in the world but the two of us, but they were the exception, not the rule. He took who I was and tore me to pieces, then spat me out and left me bleeding. And still, I'd convinced myself that it was me, that I was too messed up and that he deserved better. I'd never let myself reflect on our relationship truthfully; even when I packed up and moved to another city, I still tried to make it my fault. Bailey had seen through it, and so had the rest of my clan. I was mortified it had taken me this long to view it as clearly as they did.

How did I spin all of this so wrong in my head? I couldn't say for sure what would happen with Rueben going forward – he had his own issues, and our time together was simultaneously diluted and enhanced by the world ending around us – but I knew in that moment I would never, ever, be with Dean again. Maybe he had changed, and good for him if he had, but I knew now that there wasn't any going back for me. It would be like trying to take someone seriously after they said they believed in a flat earth; everything that came after that moment would be tarnished. Dom, Dean – I was done with both of them, forever.

Such a momentous, paradigm-shifting decision should have been accompanied by sexy backup dancers, glitter cannons and a fifty-piece orchestra playing a classic break-up jam like 'We Are Never Getting Back Together' or 'Irreplaceable.' Instead, I fell into bed with a smile on my face, and drifted into a contented sleep.





Chapter questions: will Bailey and Nev stay in Melbourne or go to Tassie? Are you glad Karla is finally over Dean/Dom? And has someone ever asked you a deeply inappropriate personal question? I get asked by strangers regularly if I'm pregnant, sigh...

Chapter questions: will Bailey and Nev stay in Melbourne or go to Tassie? Are you glad Karla is finally over Dean/Dom? And has someone ever asked you a deeply inappropriate personal question? I get asked by strangers regularly if I'm pregnant, sigh... Chapter questions: will Bailey and Nev stay in Melbourne or go to Tassie? Are you glad Karla is finally over Dean/Dom? And has someone ever asked you a deeply inappropriate personal question? I get asked by strangers regularly if I'm pregnant, sigh... Toss a vote to your author! (Shout out to my Witcher fans) More soon, Kate xx

Toss a vote to your author! (Shout out to my Witcher fans) More soon, Kate xx Toss a vote to your author! (Shout out to my Witcher fans) More soon, Kate xx





Chapter 26


"Hmm."

"What?"

"It's just... smaller than I expected."

"That's what she said."

"Omg, don't be that person."

"Sorry. This is a pretty standard size. How big were you expecting?"

I squinted. "I'm not sure. I guess as long as it gets the job done."

Rueben laughed. "I promise, smaller is better in this case – it'll get the job done faster."

The yacht bobbed up and down in front of us, gently sloshing. Bailey and Nev were already aboard, scrambling around in excitement with Mischa and Bella along the pale wooden decks. It was clearly a functional vessel; there were no hot tubs or fully stocked bars here. The sails were strapped firmly to the mast which towered over our heads, and ropes stretched everywhere. Twin helms stood proudly at the back of the deck, as big as pirate steering wheels but made of slender metal instead of thick wood. Everything was sleek and minimal. Zero aesthetics, not even a couch – just perching spots, also made of wood and built into the deck.

Noticing my unimpressed expression, Rueben said, "Less clutter on the desk means that better safety during wind and poor weather conditions."

"Okay, good."

"This is a million-dollar yacht, Karla."

"Seriously? For a million bucks, you reckon they would toss in a few deck chairs or couch cushions." I reached for the rail and placed a foot on the gunwale. The high tide meant the deck floated above the jetty, and I struggled to leverage myself aboard. "Can we steer it to Tassie with just the two of us?"

Rueben placed a firm hand at my lower back, anchoring me. "I'll have to show you the ropes, literally, but yes, this layout of the control lines, with the winches within easy reach of the helmsman and the self-tacking jib, allow easy and safe handling of the boat even with limited crew and over long-distance cruising."

I nodded and grunted, pulling myself up and onto the deck, enjoying the feel of Rueben's warm palm against my spine. "Are you geeking out a bit right now?"

With a grin, he said, "Does it show? The guy who owns this beauty, I work with him and he's been boasting about her- sorry, it, for months. I've been dying to take it out."

"He agreed to let you have it?"

"He was in South Africa when D-day happened. He doesn't have family here. I think he was just glad his baby wasn't going to end up being destroyed for firewood or rot away here in the dock. The Great Escape will have at least one more voyage."

From the deck, the yacht seemed slightly larger. I could walk for several meters from port to starboard (I knew one was right and one was left, but I kept forgetting which and at that stage I was too embarrassed to ask again) and it was a longer journey from the front to the back. Still, the square footage wasn't much bigger than four car spaces. That was fine when we were still at the dock, but I could imagine how claustrophobic it would feel once we were out on the sea.

I glanced over at Rueben, and busted him staring back at me. "What?"

"What?"

"What are you looking at?" I started patting my hair and face, trying to work out if I had a booger on my cheek or a bird poop somewhere unnoticed.

"Nothing. Just you." He cleared his throat, then swallowed heavily. "Karla, I need to tell you-"

"Holy crap, youse guys!" Nev's head poked up from the stairwell. "You have to see it down here!"



"Whatever it is, tell me at sea," I said to Rueben, smiling briefly at him before following Nev. I had months ahead with Rueben and his daughter; I had less than twenty-four hours left with Nev and Bailey.

As I picked my way down the stairs into the cabins, I whistled. "Now, this is more like it." The luxurious fittings that were missing from upstairs had clearly been saved up for the living spaces below deck. A shiny kitchen adorned one wall, a cushy couch area against the opposite side. Every surface was either light bamboo panelling or white furnishings, and sunshine poured in the many windows.

"I bags this room!" Mischa was bouncing up and down on one of two twin beds in a bedroom at the back. On the other side was an identical room with a double bed covered in white linen. At the front of the vessel was the master bedroom, with a queen-sized bed on a platform, slender windows and a cathedral-like ceiling. For once, I won't have to share with anyone , I told myself; if I had to be at sea, I needed as many wins as I could get.

For once, I won't have to share with anyone Nev and Bailey were unstacking the supplies we'd brought with us into the cupboards. "Guys, you don't have to do that," I said, sliding into a swivelling stool at the counter. "You lot be land lubbers. Leave that for us sea-faring folk. Arrr."

Bailey smiled at my pirate voice. "Well, since you brought it up..." They looked at Nev, who nodded in encouragement. "We were wondering if you have room for two more?"

"Nevvie? You're coming?" Mischa's face lit up in a massive grin, and she crash tackled Nev. "I'm sooo happy!"

"Bailey, this is amazing!" I hugged my friend fiercely, then opened my arms for Nev.

Something in my stomach plunged. Nev was smiling but her eyes were filled with tears. "Are you okay?" I whispered as I squeezed her gently.

She nodded. "It's just hard leaving behind people you love."

I didn't try to offer her any platitudes about this being the right choice, because I couldn't honestly say that it was. It was the best choice for Bailey, but Nev was leaving behind a lot.

Rueben congratulated Nev and Bailey, then asked us all to sit down. "So, this yacht is pretty, but don't be fooled – what we're about to do is hazardous if we're not smart. I've calculated we'll be at sea for four nights before we reach harbour at Devonport. From there, we hug the coast westward and we'll find your brother's town, Preservation Bay."

Everyone listened in rapt silence. This was a whole new world; bikes were one thing, but the magnitude of navigating a sea was finally settling upon us. We were about to cross the Tasman with no GPS, no back up engine, relying solely on the wind to provide us passage. I wondered if a sacrifice to Poseidon was a viable option.

Rueben continued. "There's no GPS anymore, so we'll have to rely on the same methods of navigation as sailors used for hundreds of years."

"What kind of methods?" asked Bailey.

"There's a few. Ded reckoning is our most valuable tool. It's a method of navigating from a known position to another position, using the information available to you to deduce your approximate location."

"Huh?" said Nev.

"I use a compass and calculate how fast we're moving. This will let me keep track of where we are and where we're going."

Rueben rubbed Mish's hair. "I can't do this alone, so I'll need all hands on deck. If I ask you to do something, please don't ask why – just do it. The weather is our greatest enemy, but we'll also have to be really careful with open flames at night. Lots of shipwrecks were caused by fires back in the day, and modern ships normally don't allow any fire at all on board.



"Anytime you're above deck, you wear a lifejacket – that's not negotiable. Chookie and Bella need to stay below until we disembark because if they go overboard, they're gone. If you hear me yell 'boom coming across' at any time, duck or get out of the way – boom injuries are the second leading cause of death aboard yachts, either because of head injury or because people get swept overboard."

"What's the leading cause?" asked Bailey.

"Drowning. You'll also need to watch out for the winches and cleats. If you aren't careful, you can lose a finger or the skin from your whole palm." Rueben softened his expression, saying, "If we work together like we have the whole way here, we'll be fine."

"Okay," we all murmured, subdued by thoughts of burning and drowning and split skulls and amputated fingers.

Nev hugged Mish. "Don't worry, babes – Bailey will look after you, I promise."

Mischa rolled her eyes - an expression she'd picked up from me, I realised. "I've been on tons of sail boats. Dad says I'm a good sailor."

"Yes, you are," Rueben said, nudging his daughter with a wink. "You'll have to help me teach this lot what to do."

"Okay!"

"We'll head back to the unit now, pack up the rest of the gear and get some sleep."

As everyone headed above deck, Nev hung back, playing with the locks on the bedroom doors. I wandered over and asked, "What are you doing?"

"Nothing. Just seeing what the lock situation is like."

I grinned; it was the first thing I'd checked as well. "They're good, I promise. You'll have plenty of privacy with Bailey. They even lock from the outside too – Rueben said it's so they can be prevented from swinging open during a storm."

"Huh." Nev gave the knob a rattle again, then turned to me and said too brightly, "Let's go."

As we disembarked, I said to Nev, "Do you want company while you say goodbye to your family?"

"No. Thanks." She pulled nervously at her hair, winding it around her wrist like a thick rope. "I'll meet you all back at your place a bit later. Hey, Rueben? Can I have a word please?"

Nev chatted softly with Rueben while we clomped along the jetty and back up to the street. I said to Bailey, "You must be stoked."

The smile on Bailey's face made them seem years younger, as if happiness had undone all the traumas of their past. "I wouldn't have gone without her, but yeah, having her come with me is like winning the lotto. I can't believe she's choosing me over her family."

"Me, either," I said honestly. Despite the conversation I'd overheard with her nonna, I wasn't convinced that Nev was really ready to ditch her fam and follow us across a sea with little hope of return passage in the near future. Just as I'd worried about Bailey becoming resentful if they stayed, I had a real fear that Nev would feel the same way about going. I hoped I was wrong.

It was dusk by the time we made it back to the unit. I wasn't thinking of it as Dean's place anymore; it was just a temporary refuge, a final port before we voyaged off into wild blue. As I pushed open the side gate, I felt every hair on my body rise in premonition. "There's someone inside," I murmured to Rueben and Bailey.

"What?"

"There's candles lit. We didn't leave any burning." Swiftly, I unlocked the door while reaching for the gun from my backpack.

"No weapons!" said Bailey.

I ignored them, pushing through the door and charging for the kitchen. "Whoever you are, get the hell out of here!" I said, deepening my voice.

The tiny woman sitting at the kitchen counter leapt to her feet. "Whoever I am? Who the hell are you people?"

"We have permission to stay here from Dean," I retorted, adding for good measure, "I'm Dean's girlfriend." Well, I was going to be before I'd decided that he wasn't worthy of me, but this chick didn't need to know that.

"No, you're not," said the strange woman, eyes blazing. She was well-spoken and well-dressed, and at five-foot-nothing didn't appear to be a threat, but she clearly had no idea what she was talking about.

"Yes, I am. Dean is with my family in Tasmania, and I'm on my way to join him. We dated for years, and now we're getting back together."

"No, you're not," she said again with scorn.

I couldn't believe after the week I'd had, I was having to argue with a crazy person in my kitchen. I lowered my gun and said, "I'm sorry, who the hell are you to know?"

She drew herself up, folding skinny armsresolutely across her flat chest. "Uh, Ithink I'm qualified to call bullshit – because I'm Dean's girlfriend."



I'm





Cliff hanger! Swing me a vote to welcome me back :) Questions: have you ever met the new girlfriend/boyfriend/significant other of an ex? Even when you don't wish ill on someone you used to date, it's still reallllllly confronting meeting your replacement :(

Cliff hanger! Swing me a vote to welcome me back :) Questions: have you ever met the new girlfriend/boyfriend/significant other of an ex? Even when you don't wish ill on someone you used to date, it's still reallllllly confronting meeting your replacement :( Cliff hanger! Swing me a vote to welcome me back :) Questions: have you ever met the new girlfriend/boyfriend/significant other of an ex? Even when you don't wish ill on someone you used to date, it's still reallllllly confronting meeting your replacement :( Much love, Kate xx

Much love, Kate xx Much love, Kate xx





Chapter 27


"Oh, snap," said Bailey softly as we stared at the woman. In the dusk light, she looked bird-like, all delicate bones and twitchy eyes.

Trying to bring some normalcy to the situation, I said, "Okay, let's talk this out. I'm Karla. What's your name?"

"I'm Mellie." She patted her hair flat, a gesture I remembered from when I used to date Dean, making sure everything was in place and perfect, every minute of every day. She spoke in bursts, as if desperate to unload. "I've been with Dean for a year. I'm a legal secretary at his firm. We're a serious couple, but we're not allowed to tell people at work we're together because, you know, of how it looks. But soon he's going to get promoted, and then I'll move in. I mean, things will be different now, I guess. Better. We can be together properly."

Hot pity washed through me. I used to be this girl. I'd desperately tried to establish my relationship with Dean at every turn, and somehow he'd still slipped through my fingers. I noticed the dark shadows beneath Mellie's eyes and the way her fingers trembled. I wasn't sure if she was nervous that Dean wasn't here, or that he might arrive any second, but I felt for her. I softened my tone. "Mellie, I spoke with Dean on D-day, and he said he had broken up with you."

I used to be this girl. "No!" She shook her head frantically. "I was in Adelaide for work. He was visiting his mate in Tassie to set up a business thing. We weren't broken up. We weren't!"

"Okay." I nudged Bailey. "Can you grab her a drink of water please?"

Bailey walked to the sink, and Rueben spoke, his voice flat. "I'm going to put Mischa in bed."

"No, you're not!" squawked Mellie, rising from her stool on shaky legs. "This is my boyfriend's place! You can't treat it like a hostel!"

"Mellie, I have Dean's permission to be here," I said calmly. "I know where he keeps the spare key, and I was here long before you. And if push comes to shove, there's three of us and only one of you, plus I have a gun. So let this man put his daughter to sleep and let's talk this through."

Defeated, she slumped back in her seat and took the water Bailey offered. Rueben nodded, avoiding eye contact as he said, "Call me if you need me." He carried Mischa through to the spare room and shut the door behind them.

Why is he being so sulky? I wondered. The last thing I needed was more drama in this place. Putting him aside, I turned back to the twitchy Mellie. "So, you've made it back here from Adelaide?"

Why is he being so sulky? She drained the water gratefully. "It took forever. And I had to check in on my parents in Geelong. But I was as quick as I could be, I swear. They wanted me to stay, but I knew I couldn't. I would never make Dean wait."

Bailey and I shared a look. "Mellie, Dean isn't here, and as far as we know he's not coming back," said Bailey carefully. "He's still in Tassie."

"No. No way." She shook her head fast, pale eyes filling with tears. "Dean will come for me. I rode in the back of a horse wagon to get here. I walked for four days barefoot. I made it. He'll make it too."

I wanted to shake her in that moment, to make her wake up. "He probably could, but I don't believe that he is. He's at my brother's farm, where he's got food and water and shelter. I know Dean – there's no way he's leaving that kind of security for anyone."

"He wouldn't abandon me," she said obstinately.

"You can come with us," said Bailey. "We have space on our yacht, and we'll take you to him."

"No!" Her voice was louder this time. "Dean will come for me, and I need to be here. What if you take me away, and then he arrives, and he thinks that I didn't wait for him? He'd..."



She trailed off, but I could fill that gap in on my own. He'd lose his temper, which meant physical, sexual or psychological harm – or perhaps a combo of the three. This girl is terrified. "Okay, Mellie. You stay here. Look, we'll be gone in the morning, so let's agree to share this place for one night, and you can have it to yourself after that."

This girl is terrified. She paused, then dipped her head in agreement. "But you need to admit that you lied about Dean being your boyfriend. That was just mean."

"Seriously?" I considered how to answer, balancing kindness with honesty. "Well, like I said, we used to date, and he's my brother's best friend. We spoke the day the phones went out and he asked me to come to Tassie and get back together with him."

"You're lying," she said, her fingernails scratching the marble surface of the bench.

"I'm not. Perhaps he figured that he would never see you again, I don't know. But he told my family you'd broken up."

She was crying now, tears rolling down her cheeks. "I don't believe you."

"If it's any consolation, I am not getting back together with him. Not ever, no matter what." I reached for her hand, hoping it wasn't too much. "Mellie, when I was with him, Dean isolated me, hurt me, used me and debased me. He forced me to terminate a pregnancy, then dumped me. And the whole time, he called it love. It wasn't. I'm going to take a wild guess, and say that he's the same way with you."

Her silence and her tears answered for her. I said, "You can wait here as long as you need, but I bet your family misses you. Promise that you'll go home to Geelong if he doesn't come back. Don't spend your life waiting for someone who isn't worth your time."

She yanked her hand away. "You don't know me. You don't know anything about my relationship. I've never even heard of you – he's never even said your name to me, so you couldn't have been that important to him."

"I bet he calls you baby girl when he's feeling cocky or he wants something. I bet he makes you feel like it's always your fault. I bet you worry that you'll never be good enough for anyone else and that you're lucky to have any scraps of affection he throws at you."

"Leave me alone," she whispered. I was right, we both knew it, but it was too much for her. "I want to go to sleep now. Dean will need me when he gets home. I have to be rested for him."

In silence, I cleared my things out the master bedroom; I was already packed, so there wasn't much to do. Mellie curled up on the bed, pulling Dean's pillow close to her and giving me her back. As I pulled my bag out the door, I paused and said, "I hope you experienced less trauma in this room than I did. And I hope you'll let yourself enjoy your life once you realise he's not coming back."

"Get out," she whimpered.

I did, shutting the door softly. Bailey was waiting in the kitchen, placidly loading a box with the last of Dean's wine. "Well, she's a delight."

"Holy crap. Was I that delusional?"

"Worse."

"Gee, thanks."

"So, you're not getting back together with Dean in Tasmania?"

"Nope." I opened the linen cupboard and dragged out an extra doona and a pillow. "Can I share the couch with you tonight?"

"Yes. When did this momentous decision take place? Last I heard, you were all about the Dom life."

"I woke up."

"I'm glad."

We hugged. Bailey squeezed me tight, then said, "Are you going to kick his ass off the farm?"



"I don't know yet. I need to get down there first. Ass kicking can wait."

The front screen rattled, and Nev stuck her head around the corner. "Hey! Can I crash here tonight?"

"Hey!" Bailey leapt up and kissed Nev. "Are you okay? Did something happen with your family?"

"No. I just wanted to spend our last night in Melbourne together." She snuggled against Bailey as they sat on the couch opposite me. Her words were logical, but something wasn't ringing true for me.

Before I could put my finger on what was off about Nev, Bailey said, "Karla, is it okay if Nev sleeps here with me tonight?"

"Sure. There's one of those reclining gamer chairs in the office – Dean used to boast it cost $20k. I'll camp out there."

"So, what did I miss?"

"Nothing much," said Bailey. "Just Dean's crazy sort-of ex in the kitchen."

"Oh my god, what happened?" Nev turned to us both, her perfect lips in an O.

"I'll let Bailey fill you in." I scooped up my blanket and pillow, and said, "I'm going to turn in now."

"I'll help you set up." Nev scrambled after me. "Bailes? Will you pour us both a wine? I'll be back in a sec."

"Will do."

Nev and I walked for the narrow office nestled beneath the stairs. The cushy leather chair sat in the centre of the room, facing an impressive gaming set up that would never play a single pixel again.

"What is it, Nev?"

"What's what?" she asked innocently, laying the blanket carefully over the chair.

"Something is going on with you. You can talk to me, you know."

"I know." She smiled, but it was sad. "I know I've always been able to talk to you about everything, and you're like, this amazing problem solver, so anything I need fixing, I can talk it through with you. But you can't fix this."

"Fix what?" I tossed the pillow aside, and reached for Nev's hands.

"Leaving the people I love behind." She hugged me fiercely. "I love you, Karla. You're like my third big sister."

"I love you too, girl." I hugged her back, deeply concerned. "I'm sorry that leaving your fam is so hard. You can talk to me anytime, okay?"

She pulled back, tucking her glossy hair behind her ears. "I know you still don't feel like a hottie, and I don't think I can fix that, but I wanna say that you have a hottie of a soul."

"Thanks."

She giggled. "I'll try to keep it down with Bailes, but no promises."

I expressed mock horror. "Relations before marriage? You do you, lady, but we have to be up before dawn."

"Ugh. I guess I'll have to make every hour count then."

She danced out the door, and I sank into the comfort of the recliner, dozing restlessly, an underlying theme threaded through my dreams that something was about to be very wrong.

No one set an alarm, but we were all up and moving before sunrise, staggering from room to room as we listlessly packed up and prepared to bump out. I briefly considered saying goodbye to Mellie, but I decided that this was her story, and I didn't have a part in it anymore. I left her undisturbed, and closed the front door quietly, haunted by an image of her laying in the bedroom, waiting for Dom until she turned to ash and bones.



We mounted our bikes one last time on mainland soil; I rode Nev's because she'd borrowed one from her sister. The city was quiet, the buildings silhouetted black against the predawn light casting ominous orange bands across the sky. I caught a hint of summer in the air; not just spring warmth, but genuine heat lurking beneath the concrete. We'd be gone before the heat emerged, sailing south for cooler waters and leaving Melbourne to a summer period without the safety of airconditioned malls to flee to. I wished the city well, and hoped that they continued to thrive and survive, come sun, rain, wind, pestilence or famine.

Once the boat was packed, we stood together on the dock, staring back over the skyscrapers of a city we might not see again for a very long time. "So. This is it," I said.

"I'm going to get us ready to launch," said Rueben, all captain. "Mischa? Can you give daddy a hand?"

"Yep!" She scurried away after him, lowering sails and winding winches in tandem.

"Bailes?" said Nev, shifting Bella's carrier from one hand to the other. "Can you come downstairs with me for a min, please?"

"Sure." Bailey flipped their long fringe away from their eyes, following Nev below deck, drawn to her like a cartoon character drifting after a trail of visible pie scent.

Alone, I leaned on a rail at the bow, silently whispering pleas to the sea. Grant us safe passage. Gentle winds, clear skies. Carry us home.

Grant us safe passage. Gentle winds, clear skies. Carry us home. The day was lighter now and blue seeped into the world around me; the sky, the water, the mist on the distant mountains beyond the city. Blue felt like a good omen. Wait. I strained my sleepy brain, counting days, counting them again. Two weeks exactly since D-day. It's Tuesday. Shit. The bad things always happened on a Tuesday. A shudder racked through me, causing my fingers to grip the rail tighter. Maybe this time would be different.

Wait. It's Tuesday. Shit. "Karla?" Nev stood behind me, her long hair wafting in the breeze, wearing sadness like a cloak. "Can you do me a favour?"

"What?"

She thrust Bella's carrier at me. "Hold this for a minute?"

"Sure."

"And this is for you too." She laid a slender envelope on top of the carrier, which I couldn't reach with both hands balancing the weight of the small dog inside. "Thanks."

Nev quickly leapt from the yacht and back onto the jetty, then unlooped the thick rope anchoring the front of the yacht to the mainland. "Do you need a hand?" I asked.

"Nope." She wiped her face, and I realised she was crying.

"Nev? Are you okay?"

Rueben called out from the back of the boat. "Nev, cast us off, please."

She padded to the other rope and unlooped it. "Travel well, tribe."

"What? Wait!" The yacht had begun to drift away from the jetty, the distance between us and Nev growing: an armlength, a body-length, a car-length. "Rueben! Nev isn't onboard!"

Thumping came from down below, someone banging and crashing, the sounds of a caged animal in despair. Bailey? Torn over what to do in this moment of surrealness, I placed Bella's crate down, shoved the envelope in my pocket and dashed to Rueben. "Hey! We have to go back! You left Nev behind!"

Bailey? "No, I didn't." His face was stoic behind his reflective sunglasses.

"I can count, Rueben! We're a person down! Turn around!" We were at the end of the jetty now; Nev had followed us, slowly waving. I gestured at her with wild arms. "It's not too late! Stop the goddamn boat!"

He sniffed. "I promised her I wouldn't."

Mischa hung from the rails at the back of the boat, waving merrily. "Love you, Nevvie! I'll miss you!"

The yelling from below deck had escalated, Bailey crying out in anguish and desperation. I threw myself at the narrow staircase, landing with a thump and a knee-complaint. Bailey and Nev's door vibrated with bangs, and I yelled, "Bailey?"

"Karla! I'm locked in and Nev is still back on shore! I can see her out my window!"

I unlocked the door with trembling fingers, and Bailey burst out like an exploding soda bottle. They hurtled up the stairs, and I followed, praying that we could still fix this.

"Nev!" screamed Bailey across the water towards Nev's rapidly shrinking figure. " Nev! "

Nev! "Bailey! I love you!" her words echoed back, tiny on the wind.

"Rueben, turn around," Bailey commanded.

"No," Rueben repeated.

"What do you mean no?" I yelled. "We don't leave a member of our tribe behind!"

Bailey yanked off their shoes. "I'm going to swim for it."

"Wait," said Rueben. "Just, wait and read the letter first."

"What letter?"

"She gave me a letter," I said, tugging the envelope from my cargos. "Here."

Bailey ripped it open. "This one is for you," they said, handing me a sheet. We both read rapidly, our heads whipping back and forth from the words to where Nev stood waving on the jetty.

Hey Karla,

Hey Karla, I'm SO SO sorry to do it this way, but I don't know what else to do, and I'm pretty sure it was you or someone smart who said that the right thing to do is what's right for the most people, and I think this is it so don't be mad at me pls.

I'm SO SO sorry to do it this way, but I don't know what else to do, and I'm pretty sure it was you or someone smart who said that the right thing to do is what's right for the most people, and I think this is it so don't be mad at me pls. I'm not going to Tassie, but Bailes should. I can't leave my fam, not yet, not for a relationship that's just gotten started. It's too much pressure, and we'll end up falling apart, and that's the last thing I want. And if Bailey stays, they'll be miserable. This is the only way I could think of to make sure they go with their tribe, and I stay with mine for now. I asked Rueben for help – don't be mad at him either – and Mischa knows too.

I'm not going to Tassie, but Bailes should. I can't leave my fam, not yet, not for a relationship that's just gotten started. It's too much pressure, and we'll end up falling apart, and that's the last thing I want. And if Bailey stays, they'll be miserable. This is the only way I could think of to make sure they go with their tribe, and I stay with mine for now. I asked Rueben for help – don't be mad at him either – and Mischa knows too. I want Bella to stay with youse – she'll love being on a farm, and Mischa said she'll look after her. I need a year - that's enough time to wrap up with my family, and then I'll come for Bella - and Bailey too, if they still want me.

I want Bella to stay with youse – she'll love being on a farm, and Mischa said she'll look after her. I need a year - that's enough time to wrap up with my family, and then I'll come for Bella - and Bailey too, if they still want me. Please look after Bailey for me. I wrote them a letter too, but I don't think they'll understand, and I friggen hate causing them pain.

Please look after Bailey for me. I wrote them a letter too, but I don't think they'll understand, and I friggen hate causing them pain. I love youse all,

I love youse all, Nev

Nev Bailey was sobbing in a ball on the deck, wretched sobs heaving from their chest, their own letter crumpled against their streaming eyes. I sat beside them, my arm around their shoulders, and together we watched Nev grow smaller and smaller, waiting for the moment when she finally vanished, and all hope of a happy ending for my favourite couple disappeared too.





So, this probably doesn't make my romantically-inclined readers happy, but every time a couple in a fictional story makes a momentous life decision based on less than a few weeks - or even days - of knowing each other, I want to shriek at the stupidity of it all. I'm not saying you can't fall in love after a short period of time, but uprooting your entire life for someone you've just met is problematic - so much pressure for it to work when the honeymoon period is supposed to be fun.

So, this probably doesn't make my romantically-inclined readers happy, but every time a couple in a fictional story makes a momentous life decision based on less than a few weeks - or even days - of knowing each other, I want to shriek at the stupidity of it all. I'm not saying you can't fall in love after a short period of time, but uprooting your entire life for someone you've just met is problematic - so much pressure for it to work when the honeymoon period is supposed to be fun. So, this probably doesn't make my romantically-inclined readers happy, but every time a couple in a fictional story makes a momentous life decision based on less than a few weeks - or even days - of knowing each other, I want to shriek at the stupidity of it all. I'm not saying you can't fall in love after a short period of time, but uprooting your entire life for someone you've just met is problematic - so much pressure for it to work when the honeymoon period is supposed to be fun. Anyway, off we sail to Tassie. If you've come this far, thank you - I have so much love for the readers who follow my stories while they're still percolating, for the encouragement and for the votes. You are the best xx

Anyway, off we sail to Tassie. If you've come this far, thank you - I have so much love for the readers who follow my stories while they're still percolating, for the encouragement and for the votes. You are the best xx Anyway, off we sail to Tassie. If you've come this far, thank you - I have so much love for the readers who follow my stories while they're still percolating, for the encouragement and for the votes. You are the best xx





Chapter 28


There were five important things I didn't know about yachts before I spend the most physically hellish days of my life crossing the Tasman.

The first fact I found out is that being on a sailing boat meant always being wet. Always. Even if the waves didn't actually break over the deck (which they did at frequent intervals, drenching anyone in the vicinity with icy water), there was the constant spray that whipped off the swell, coating us in a salty patina.

Always. The salt worked its way into the cracks of my skin, particularly my chapped lips and the micro-cuts on my hands from where the ropes had sanded away at the softer flesh, and in those places the brine stung like razor cuts dipped in lemon juice. There was no way to remove the salt; our water supplies were tightly rationed so zero chance of a shower, not even a cold one. Once a day we could afford to dampen the corner of a towel and wipe it over the worst of the grit, but that only seemed to move the problem around. I was surrounded by water and I dreamed of baths, overflowing with scented bubbles, piping hot and vast.

Second, I learned quickly that sailing is hard work. So hard, it made cycling up the side of the Macquarie Pass on our first day out of Sydney seem like a gentle Sunday ride. While ever there was light in the sky, Ruben had us moving forward through the waves, chasing the capricious breeze while he shouted powerful orders and wielded the helm to his will.

And that, of course, would have been just a little sexy, if it wasn't mainly me he was shouting at. Rueben had said the yacht needed two people on deck at all times, and he wasn't kidding. Mischa ran around helping where she could, grabbing us snacks and bottles of water, but otherwise it was Rueben and me, slogging it out for twelve hours at a time.

Sometimes the orders were easy, "Hold this, don't let it move." Sometimes they were frantic, "Wind it! Fast as you can! Faster, Karla!" Sometimes they were completely indecipherable, a combination of words and angles and time periods that all made sense on their own, but as a sentence meant nothing, leaving me to scream back, "WTF does that even mean?" in a tone I usually reserved for dealing with my phone company when they added extra inexplicable charges to my bill.

I ducked and leaned and dashed and pivoted across the slippery deck. Any thought of doing these activities gracefully for Rueben's benefit had long gone overboard, along with thoughts of weight loss, Dean, the world behind or the future ahead of us. There was only survival, dependent on our moment to moment activities; one wrong winch and we'd be sailing towards the Antarctic and our deaths instead of the safety of the Tasmanian shores.

At dusk on the second day, we staggered downstairs on trembling legs, and Rueben said, "You need to check in with Bailey, see if they can lend us a hand tomorrow."

I collapsed to the soft white leather of the padded stool. "I can try," I replied, exhausted by the thought of it. After sobbing themselves dry on the deck the day before, Bailey had disappeared into the room they should have been sharing with Nev and hadn't emerged since.

After cramming a handful of dried fruit into my mouth for enough sugar energy to steel myself, I knocked on Bailey's door. "Hello? Bailey?"

A huddled lump under the 1000 thread count sheets emitted a grunt. I approached warily in the darkness. "Listen, Rueben and I are doing it really tough up there. He thinks we're about halfway now, but we're both exhausted, and another pair of hands would be so helpful. Can you pitch in tomorrow?"

The lump said nothing. I perched on the edge of the bed. "Bailey? I know this is hard for you, and I'm sorry for what you're going through, but we're not going to make it if you don't help us. Please?"

We sat, the silence loaded between us as the waves slapped loudly on the walls outside the room. I was readying another argument, some convincing rhetoric to spur Bailey out of bed with fire in their eyes, when they finally spoke. "You don't get it."



"Get what?"

Bailey's voice was low and unlike anything I'd ever heard from them before, the tone of a person whose soul had been sucked out of their eyeballs. "I don't care if we make it."

"Yes, you do," I said, surprised to feel annoyance flood the places in my heart where seconds before had been only empathy. "Don't say that."

"I don't have any reason left to live."

"Bailey, stop it. You have us, you have a life waiting for you, and you still have Nev, she still loves you, she just needs some time-"

Bailey bolted upright in bed, their hair wild, their eyes pools of ashen fury. " Don't say that she loves me. That's bullshit. There's no way you love someone and do what she did to me."

Don't "She did it for you."

for "She should have talked to me!" Bailey's voice burst out in a bellow of pain and anger. "That's how it's meant to work in a couple! Instead, she treated me like a child, keeping secrets from me for my supposed benefit. She confided in an eight-year-old about our relationship, and not me. That isn't love. I could never trust her again – which means everything we had is gone, over, done!"

They threw themselves back to the bed, dragging the covers to hide themselves and their ocean of pain. "Oh, Bailey," I murmured, "I'm sorry. I didn't understand."

Bailey spoke, low and hollow. "If I go above deck, I'll throw myself overboard. Leave me alone."

I padded out of Bailey's room and into my own, almost unaware of the tears of desperation that poured from my eyes, as if Bailey's desolate mood was contagious and I'd been infected by it. Sleep was a long time coming, and I lay in the dark in despair that even if we made it to the shore, Bailey's spirit had been lost somewhere over the Tasman.

The third thing I discovered about sailing: after three days on board, it was impossible not to loathe absolutely everything around me. I hated the way everything constantly swayed, the moisture in every item of clothing, the cramped quarters - including the tiny toilets that were like a combination of a plane bathroom and a coffin.

Mostly, with a pure and true hate, I loathed the sailing itself. Day three and everything sucked: the constant orders, the wind that whipped at my hair and caused my eyes to bleed tears, the slippery deck, the physical exhaustion. I was starting to feel as though Bailey's idea of tossing themselves overboard had some merit. Surely, swimming to Tassie had to be easier than this nonsense.

Surely, swimming to Tassie had to be easier than this nonsense. Around midday, Rueben yelled at me to "Duck!" for the third time in three minutes. As my aching thighs bitched loudly from performing yet another low squat, my glutes cramped and I fell backwards onto the hard deck. My teeth clanked together biting the sides of my tongue, and pain shot up my spine. I did not act with maturity or composure, needing this indignity pinned on someone that wasn't me. " Ow! Are you freaking kidding me?"

Ow! "What?" said Rueben, squinting to the port side (which I'd finally learned was to the left) and completely ignoring my situation.

"Could you go more than three seconds without needing to throw a boom at me? Or are you doing it for sport?" I clambered to my feet, simultaneously exhausted and energised with frustration.

Rueben said, "This is what sailing is, Karla. If you don't like it, feel free to swim."

His harsh tone, which had been pretty much constant for the last three days, finally grated away the last of my patience. Hotly, I stomped over to him. "Okay, what the hell is your problem?"

"I don't have a problem. I'm the captain and I'm doing what I have to do to keep everyone on this boat alive."

"Bull." I closed the gap between us and snatched off his reflective sunglasses. "You've been a complete arse since... I don't know, at least since the night before we left Melbourne."



"Gee, I wonder why," said Rueben drily.

"I am wondering why!"

"Karla, I hate to be that person, but if you don't know why I'm just a little upset right now, there's no point in telling you."

"Ugh." I stormed back over to the winch I'd been winding, running a search on my memory. So much had happened, it was hard to keep track.

Okay. Rueben and I had kind-of made up walking to Nev's family dinner, after he'd found out about Dom being Dean and I'd called him out of deliberately keeping me at arm's length. Then he'd been openly flirting with me the first time we saw the yacht, and was going to ask me something – which I was pretty sure was going to be about asking me to actually be with him properly, and that was great timing because I'd already decided by then that I was done with Dean. But he hadn't brought anything up since.

Okay. What then? What happened since that significant moment on the yacht and now? Other than Nev's switcheroo, and the drama of finding Mellie in the house-

What then? "Oh crap," I whispered, realising my mistake. I was so absorbed in my revelation, I only barely heard Rueben cry, "Duck. Boom! Karla!"

"What?" Too slow, I turned, watching the massive boom swinging directly towards me. I was standing on an elevated platform, so the beam didn't hit my head but caught me directly in my squishy belly, winding me and throwing me several feet across the deck where I tumbled along the slick wooden surface.

"Karla!" Rueben raced to my side as I slid to a stop in a twisted pile. "Are you okay?"

His warm hands cupped my face and his eyes were stricken with worry. I would have answered him, but I couldn't breathe. My hands clutched at my throat and chest, as if they could reopen whatever had been blocked.

"It'll pass, it'll pass." Rueben squeezed my hands tightly. "Give it a minute. Count something. It helps."

Count. Five fluffy clouds above my head. Four people left in our clan. Three days on board this hell ship. Two men who want me in their own way. One thing I need to say.

Count. My diaphragm finally unlocked, and I drew a heaving gasp. With strong arms, Rueben helped me into a sitting position. "Are you okay?"

A hacking cough racked through me, and I nodded. "Rueben, I know why you're upset."

I wanted him to say something, but he pulled his shrink-trick of staying silent. He sat back on his haunches and waited.

I cleared my throat. "I told Mellie that I was Dean's girlfriend. I was just trying to pull rank on her, but what you don't know, what I decided and told Bailey, is that I'm never going to be with Dean again. It took you guys helping me to see that he used me - abused me - and I can't ever unsee how he treated me."

Rueben helped me to stand, our bodies close. "I'm so glad, Karla."

"I know I'm deserving of more." I hesitated, because I hadn't thought the next part through. "I'm deserving of someone who can love me without reserve. Who sees me."

His hands slid up, one into my hair, one against my cheek, and despite the constant sting of my skin and the burning of my muscles, it felt so freaking good to be back in his arms. Dammit. I sighed and said, "But I think maybe Nev was right. Trauma has a way of making people move too fast, act crazy and make decisions they probably shouldn't. In the real world, we would have got to know each other over multiple dinners and drinks and Sunday sessions; we would have dated for months before you'd even let me meet Mischa. We need to slow down because you're still not ready for something real, I don't know if I'm ready to dive in and become a step-mother right this second, and I don't want us to be together just because of proximity and convenience."

Dammit.

"Karla-"

"Rueben, please don't make this harder." I wiggled out of his arms, telling all my inflamed centres to calm their bits. "You and I, we're not a priority right now. Let's just get to the farm, get settled, and work things out from there."

"Work things out. What does that mean?"

"I don't know. We could maybe... date?" The word sounded flimsy to my own ears, a remanent of a world that didn't exist, where there were still pretty dresses to buy, restaurants to visit, movies to watch. Suddenly saddened by a future that could never be, I gave up. "Never mind. Let's just forget it all, okay?"

I could see he had more to say, but he shut it down, like flipping off a panel of light switches. "Okay. Whatever you want."

My hands were shaking as I picked up his sunglasses from where I'd dropped them and handed them to him. "Sorry about that."

He put them firmly back on his face, hiding the hurt I could sense was lurking there. "No problem. Just so you know, the wind is tricky today – I'm not moving the boom to annoy you."

"Alright."

"Let's pick it up again."

So, we did, sailing on as if the box at the bottom of my mental ocean wasn't straining at the hinges to release all the emotions I actually felt about this situation.

The fourth thing I learned was that a chicken, a dog, a child and a shut-in are kept below deck for four days, everything starts to smell like a combination of various species' faeces.

Day four, I awoke with a bang; I'd been rudely dumped out of bed and onto the floor as the Great Escape pitched over a wave and tilted concerningly to the side. Startled, I staggered to my feet, pulling on my salt-stained day outfit and used my hands to balance myself out into the main cabin.

The odour hit me like a physical wave. "Oh my god," I moaned, holding my shirt collar against my nose.

"It's not that bad," said Mischa. The little girl was merrily filling two dishes with dog food and chicken pellets at the kitchen bench, balancing effortlessly as the ship rolled around us in dizzying swells. Her blonde ringlets were looking a bit ratty, but she'd tucked them under a cap the same way I kept my hair, and she was wearing a My Little Pony backpack over her flannel shirt and cargos. I smiled as she crossed the cabin; our outfits matched, although I wouldn't be wearing my backpack today because my life jacket made that too hard. Plus the only reason I wore the backpack was to have my weapons at hand, and short of pirates boarding us, I didn't need them at the moment.

As Mischa opened the door to the tiny storage cupboard where the pets were being held, a chorus of clucks and barks arose, along with a wall of stanky miasma. "I know, I know," Mischa soothed, laying down the bowls. "One more day, you guys."

Rueben entered the cabin, his face blanching. "Holy moly, Mish, that's revolting."

"I can't clean them out properly in there," she explained as if her dad was dense, her tone too grown up for a kid. "It's too small. If I could let them out in here, then I can-"

"No." Rueben strode to the kitchen, pitching forwards as a wave caught him off guard. "I told you it's too dangerous to have the pets out."

He pulled out two protein bars and tossed me one. It hit me hard in the chest, and the irritation caused me to say, "Hang on, surely they can spend an hour in here? Mish can use the saltwater pump to clean their cages, then everything will smell better." The logic was sound to me, plus challenging the captain's orders felt subversive and satisfying.



Rueben pointed at the windows, where grey foamy water threw itself towards us with malice. "Do you see what's happening out there? It's going to be a wild few hours, and I won't create more risk than is necessary. This kind of storm normally blows over quick, but they can be deadly. I need to be focused to get us through, and I can't do that if I'm worried about my daughter getting mauled by a cranky Papillion or pecked to death by a chicken we should have eaten weeks ago!"

Mischa shrank back against the wall, her expression distressed. Rueben noticed, but he stood firm. "No, Mish. Just having the pets here is dangerous. Letting them out is worse. Don't come upstairs today. Karla, let's go."

He stormed out, leaving Mischa with a trembling lip. I gave her a quick hug, keeping one hand on the wall so we didn't fall over in the rocking. "It's okay, honey. Your dad is just stressed because the weather is bad."

"I promised Nevvie I'd look after Bella. And Simon... We can't eat Chookie."

"Don't listen to your dad, he didn't mean it." There would be not Chookie Pie as long as I had a say. I kissed the top of her head. "You're doing a great job."

She nodded and hugged me hard, then I left to follow Rueben feeling a savage sense of girl power.

Above deck, the world had transformed into the inside of a washing machine, a swirling, wild, frothy mess. I couldn't figure out if the water whipping us fell from the sky or if it was seawater or if it was a combination of the two. Rueben had lashed himself to the base of the helm with a short harness, but I was untethered so I could move around and follow the orders Rueben bellowed against the wind. Every second was dangerous; the ship pitched up and down as it crashed through the increasingly large waves, causing gravity to shift around us every few beats. The swell also rocked us side to side in an attempt to slide us off to port or starboard if we didn't constantly monitor our footing.

Time meant nothing. There was only pain and danger and wind and water. My fingers shook and turned blue from the cold, but I had to force them to grip and keep a tight hold of the rails and ropes. My hair was plastered to my scalp beneath my cap, while my shirt flapped wet and heavy beneath my life jacket. At the top of each swell, my stomach lurched at the weightlessness, then as we landed heavily, my joints crunched in agony. "Not much longer," Rueben yelled every now and then, but I'd already decided that I was in the seventh circle of hell, this experience clearly destined to be an eternal punishment for my every transgression.

Finally, Rueben pointed, "Look! Blue sky!"

I followed his finger, and saw the break line in the clouds where the grey gave way to azure. The waves seemed to be settling too, a bigger gap between this swell and the next. "Oh, thank you, Poseidon," I whispered, daring to let a shaky smile cross my lips.

"Daddy?" We both turned to see Mischa with her head poking through the hatch. "I can see blue! Is it over?"

Before we could answer, a black feathered shadow darted out through the gap and onto the deck. "Chookie!" screamed Mischa, bolting after the bird, skidding on the slick wood in her socks. She wasn't wearing a lifejacket.

"Mischa! No! " yelled Rueben, attempting to run for her but restrained by his tether.

No! A wave hit us sideways, and the vessel canted dangerously to the left. Mischa screamed as she lost purchase and began to slide toward the rails, catching herself with one small hand just before she fell. Chookie flapped for the hatch and the safety of the cabin while Rueben fumbled frantically for his harness buckle, calling Mischa's name in panic as if he could anchor her with his words.

I watched it all unfold, strangely calm. I could see that Rueben wouldn't make it to her in time and neither would I. I tugged a lifebuoy free from its clip just as Mischa's little fingers slipped from the rail and she disappeared over the side, her face a terrified maw. Rueben howled, an inhumane sound of parental pain, finally pulling loose from his tether and sprinting for port. But I was closer by a long way; I made it there first, precious seconds ahead of him, sighting Mischa in the tempestuous waters, knowing that every moment and every choice from here mattered as much as my next breath.

With leg muscles firing on fear and adrenaline and battery acid, I leapt over the side and learned fact number five about being on a yacht: if you fall overboard, it's a very long way down, and you have time to contemplate your entire life and how differently you would have done everything if only you'd gotten the chance.





So shoutout to @Konjo1 for pointing out in the chap 27 comments that what Nev did was traumatising for Bailey, even though she meant it well. I hope Bailey was able to speak to that aspect in this chapter.

So shoutout to @Konjo1 for pointing out in the chap 27 comments that what Nev did was traumatising for Bailey, even though she meant it well. I hope Bailey was able to speak to that aspect in this chapter. So shoutout to @Konjo1 for pointing out in the chap 27 comments that what Nev did was traumatising for Bailey, even though she meant it well. I hope Bailey was able to speak to that aspect in this chapter. When I started writing this story, I wasn't sure who was going to survive until the end - I'm not a fan of doing gratuitous death unless it adds to the narrative the way some writers seem to enjoy (looking at you, GRRM), but I also wanted to be realistic about survival chances in a post-apocalyptic world.

When I started writing this story, I wasn't sure who was going to survive until the end - I'm not a fan of doing gratuitous death unless it adds to the narrative the way some writers seem to enjoy (looking at you, GRRM), but I also wanted to be realistic about survival chances in a post-apocalyptic world. When I started writing this story, I wasn't sure who was going to survive until the end - I'm not a fan of doing gratuitous death unless it adds to the narrative the way some writers seem to enjoy (looking at you, GRRM), but I also wanted to be realistic about survival chances in a post-apocalyptic world. So - who should make it? Leave your thoughts in the comments, vote if you're enjoying the tale, and I'll see you again soon - only a few chapters left!!! xx Kate

So - who should make it? Leave your thoughts in the comments, vote if you're enjoying the tale, and I'll see you again soon - only a few chapters left!!! xx Kate So - who should make it? Leave your thoughts in the comments, vote if you're enjoying the tale, and I'll see you again soon - only a few chapters left!!! xx Kate





Chapter 29


The water was impossibly cold and shockingly silent. I sank like I a stone statute, the life preserver ripped from my arms as though it was a champagne cork blasting off in celebration. Frozen with the horror of the situation, I hung in the water. The thought of seeing anything in the shadows kept my eyes closed against the salt water; I think if I'd seen a shark or a giant squid, my heart would have crapped itself and shuddered to a halt.

Kick, a voice commanded inside me. So, I kicked. I kicked out at the world as it had become, kicked against every self-loathing thought, kicked back at all the awful crap we'd been through just to get to this point. I pushed up through the water and broke the surface, gasping at the reality I'd burst into.

Kick, I was sitting at the bottom of a swell, waves like walls around me on every side. No sign of the boat or Mischa, but the life saver floated miraculously a few feet away. I slashed through the surface, threw my arms around the preserver and squeezed it tight. The rain pelted down on me, running into my eyes as I gripped the slippery plastic of the ring and frantically searched for any sign of anything.

Then, the waves rolled beneath me, lifting me to the top of the swell. I spotted the top of the yacht sails over my left shoulder, already startlingly far from where I floated. "Mischa!" I screamed, twisting to scan in every direction for the sight of her little blonde head.

There. I spotted a flash of red. Mischa's flannel shirt, just over the next rise. With one arm hooked on the life preserver, I powered towards her.

There. Kick. Kick. Splutter. Kick. The rain continued to assault me and the chop found its way into my mouth at frequent intervals. I lost sight of Mischa as I sank to the bottom of another well, but rather than panic, I kept pushing on. She'll be there, I told myself, putting my face into the waves again. Kick. Kick. Kick.

Kick. Kick. Splutter. Kick. She'll be there, Kick. Kick. Kick. The swell lifted me again – was I imagining it, or did it seem lower than the last time? "Mischa?" I yelled. The red shirt was closer now, but to my horror, I could see that the little girl was floating motionless on the surface. "No!" Carving through the chop, I closed the distance between us.

"Mischa? Mischa! " The rain was easing, as if in reverence for the still figure floating before me. Mischa's eyes were closed, her cherubic face beaded with moisture and turned to the sky. "No. Please, no..."

Mischa! Mischa's eyes popped open. "Karla! I did what you taught me! I floated!"

With a relieved sob, I hugged her little body to my chest. "You sure did, sweetheart. You're amazing."

"Did I do okay?"

"You did great - here, jump in this." I helped her wiggle into the floating ring as we crested the next wave, which was definitely smaller than the last one.

As Mischa settled her backside into the hole, her legs dangling over the side, she said, "The rain is stopping. I think it's over."

"I think you're right." It was a double-edged sword; there was less chop and swell, but it also meant less lift, less opportunity to search for the yacht. I could feel the current strongly sucking us along, but I had no idea if we were travelling in the same direction as the boat or if were headed towards another point on the compass entirely.

Rather than give in to panic, I anchored myself to the side of the ring as best I could without flipping it and tried to keep my legs still to save energy. "Look, blue sky," I said, pushing the damp ringlets back from her forehead.

"Pretty." She blinked her blue eyes and stared in wonder at the cracks in the clouds where the light glowed golden. I tried to calculate the distance between the sun and the horizon; I didn't know the time, but I knew it was well after lunch. We had only a few hours of daylight to be found, or we'd be spending the night at sea – and I didn't need Google to tell me that our chances of survival were pretty slim if that happened.



We floated calmly for a while as the rain cleared and the seas stilled. Something occurred to me, a lingering recollection from an old shark week episode. "Mischa, do you need the bathroom?"

"No."

"Okay. Maybe, don't go unless you really have to, okay?"

She crinkled her nose. "Why?"

Because sharks are way more attracted to human urine than blood . "Because, silly – I'm right here next to you. I don't want to be swimming in pee!"

Because sharks are way more attracted to human urine than blood Mischa giggled. "Okay, I won't. Where do you think daddy is?"

"I'm not sure." I'd been scanning for any sign of the white sails, but it was flat and saxe in every direction. Refusing to let the terror in, I squeezed Mischa's hand. "I'm sure they're looking really hard for us though."

After another hour of floating, I realised how cold I was. I hadn't noticed when I was swimming for my life, but now my body was still, I was powerfully reminded that this was the Tasman sea, fed by Antarctic waters. As I began to tremble, I had to wonder if hypothermia might get me before exhaustion or exposure did.

Mischa said, "Your fingers are blue."

"I'm part-Smurf, don't you know?"

"You're funny. Can we play a game?"

"Sure. Anything but I-spy."

We played 'When I went to the supermarket,' which Mischa was exceptionally gifted at – I could barely remember three or four items before my brain started throwing up blanks, more focused on the logistics of our current situation than on fictional shopping lists.

Mischa started her next turn. "When I went to the supermarket, I bought a mango, sushi rice, an ice cream cake, and a... A hair brush!"

I tried to picture each item in a shopping basket, a shopping trip that my former self might have made on a Friday evening, maybe on my way to hang out with Bailey, picking up a new hair brush because it was pretty and I liked the bamboo handle and I deserved a treat. It was a world that didn't exist anymore; no more imported tropical fruit or frozen desserts or superfluous beauty products. Even if Mish and I died in the middle of the ocean, that world was gone for everyone.

Sudden tears clogged my throat and I raised my face to the sky in an attempt to let them absorb back into my eyes. Mischa frowned. "It's your turn, Karla."

"You know what, honey? Let's play I-spy after all."

Time passed, the sun arcing over the sky, my alarm raised with every inch it dropped toward the horizon. No sign of the Great Escape, or land, or a friendly pod of dolphins who might be wooed through song to tow us to shore, which seemed doable if I could actually carry a note instead of sounding like a wailing cat with its tail caught in a-

Bump. Something brushed up against me, something large and rough; it scraped the exposed skin between my sock and my pants, and my leg immediately began to sting. Horror wracked my body as I stifled a scream.

Bump. "Karla? Are you okay?"

"I'm fine." I'm just remembering how sharks' skin is as rough as sandpaper and I'm pretty sure we're being circled right now. I dragged my lips into something resembling a smile. "You didn't pee, did you?"

I'm just remembering how sharks' skin is as rough as sandpaper and I'm pretty sure we're being circled right now. "Nope."

"Good. Hey, do me a favour? Cross your legs so they're out of the water? Then maybe we'll just be real quiet for a while, okay?"

"Okay."

I kept my body as still as possible, trying to control the trembling in my limbs caused my cold and fear. Nothing but driftwood here, sea monsters. Every second, I fully expected my legs to be ripped off by razor sharp teeth. They could have me, I could handle dying in the most horrible way imaginable, but they needed to leave Micha alone. Please. Please...

Nothing but driftwood here, sea monsters. Please. Please...

A minute passed, then another. Ten minutes. Twenty. The sun dipped lower, and the fear of dying by shark was replaced by fear of dying of cold again. "G-god d-dammit." My teeth chattered as I scanned the horizon. The chill had spread to my chest now and was starting to creep into my arms.

A sniff. Mischa wiped her face, tears dripping silently. I berated myself for not staying more optimistic for her sake. Rallying, I said, "Hey, hey – what's wrong? We're okay, you're okay."

"It's my fault." Her lip quivered and she pressed her face hard against my shoulder. "My fault we're here."

"What? No, honey, it's not. It was the storm."

"No, I did it. I let Chookie out."

"Look, yes..." I conceded. "But you weren't trying to make trouble, were you?"

She shook her head, her salty curls sliding around her neck like sea snakes. "No! It's just that you said, 'Don't listen to Daddy,' so I didn't, and I let Chookie and Bella out."

"Ah." Shit. I forgot how literally kids took everything. I'd meant not to listen to her dad about eating the chicken, but that didn't matter now. "You know you don't have to listen to everything I say, right?"

Shit. "I do!" she said earnestly. "You're awesome, Karla."

I laughed, trying to make it gentle for her sake. "I'm really not, honey." I'm a mess, an over-weight underachiever with an abusive ex I was willing to reconcile with just because he asked. This kid was borne from a supermodel's loins; seriously, if I had to choose between idolising the world's most beautiful woman and a chubby Netflix addict, I know which one would have had my vote.

I'm a mess, an over-weight underachiever with an abusive ex I was willing to reconcile with just because he asked. "You are. I told my dad, I want to be just like you."

"I bet that went down well..." I mused. Nothing like hearing your child wanted to emulate your ex. Well, sort-of ex; I wasn't sure if what I'd had with Rueben even counted.

"I've been dressing like you too. Did you see?" She held up her soggy flannel shirt tails, evidence of her wardrobe homage.

Touched, I said, "Thanks, Mish. I think you're awesome too."

"When dad first brought me to meet you guys, I thought you didn't like kids."

"I like this kid very, very much." I gave her an awkward one-armed hug, crying out inside my mind. Neptune, I need a miracle here. This kid was incredibly resilient; she'd lost her mum, Simon and Nev. She shouldn't die at sea. Not like this.

this Neptune, I need a miracle here. Not like this. It was getting distinctly darker now, each wave casting its own shadow as the world turned scarlet with the sunset. Mischa deserved the truth. There was a real possibility that I wouldn't be able to cling to the ring all night; at some stage, I'd become too cold and too fatigued to hold on. My arms were already aching and cramping, my legs numb from the knees down. It was only a matter of time before my body let go.

When that happened, I'd sink and drown, but Mischa would be okay - at least for a while. Two days without water would be the longest she could survive, but just maybe, that would be enough for Rueben to find her.

My tears had started again, scalding against my cheeks as I mentally prepared my goodbye talk. It seemed fitting to be surrounded by salt water, adding to it with my own. "Hey, Mish? I need to say something to you."

Her cherubic face creased in worry. "What?"

"I need to talk to you something really serious..." Dammit! A sob hitched in my chest. This isn't fair. Not on her, not on me. I'd never expected life to be fair – I'd learned that lesson early on, when some of the girls in high school could eat like pillaging Vikings and never gain an ounce, while I ate like a normal person and instantly gained weight.

Dammit! This isn't fair.

But I also didn't expect this level of shit-fuckery. Trying to tell an eight-year-old she'd soon be floating alone on the ocean with a miniscule change of rescue, that her final moments would be racked with thirst, terror and isolation.

As I steadied my breathing, Mischa spoke. "I know what this is about," she said solemnly.

"You do?" God, she was perceptive. I squeezed her hand tightly. "You just need to know that whatever happens, no matter how bad it gets-" What was I going to say? That she'd be okay? That death didn't hurt? That her mum and Simon would be waiting on the other side with a buttload of chooks and endless hugs? I couldn't guarantee anything, not even to comfort her.

While I struggled with how to end my sentence, Mischa said, "This is about the gun, isn't it?"

"What?"

"I only took it because you weren't using it, and I wanted to be able to protect us if there were any pirates or anything."

"Mish, what are you talking about?"

She wiggled in the plastic tube, shrugging the straps of her backpack off. "I took the gun out of your bag when you weren't looking. It's in here."

Her tiny hands shoved the backpack at me, and I froze. I could feel the heft of the weapon in the bag, and I was gripped by thoughts so awful, I couldn't breathe. Inside, were dangerous new options; kill myself and Mish, make it as painless as possible. Leave her with the gun when I inevitably drowned, giving her instructions for if things got too painful to go on.

Wanting to throw up, I smiled weakly and said, "Thank you for telling me, Mish. That was very brave."

"Am I in trouble?" she asked, her voice tremulous as the dying sun caught her blonde hair with ruby highlights.

"No, honey." I mean, sure, in a normal situation, I would have lectured her about the dangers of stealing and deadly weapons, but hell. Chances were, we had less than a few hours to live anyway.

I'd kept the gun in a ziplocked bag inside my backpack, along with the bullets. If the plastic bag was split, I doubted it would fire anyway. I needed to check, then I could either put my morbid thoughts away, or analyse them and make some of the hardest choices of my life.

I opened the bag. "No... Way..." Reverently, I pulled out the gun, trembling with sudden hope. "Mish – this is... It's the..."

"It's the gun you used on the pig," she said shyly. "You saved Bella with it, so it must be lucky, right?"

I raised the gun, safe inside its waterproof home. "Let's hope so, baby girl."

With shaky fingers, I pulled out the gun, never so glad to see an item in my life. Someone could have offered me a cell phone and the world's largest platter of doughnuts and I couldn't have been more excited. "Mish, do you know what this means?"

"What?"

"You might have just saved us."

"How?"

"Mischa, this is a flare gun! It's designed to help find people who are lost!"

flare "Oh! I thought it just was good for getting rid of pigs and bad guys."

"Three flares," I counted, quickly shoving one into the barrel. "Cross everything."

Mischa crossed her arms, legs, fingers and eyes.

"Here we go." I raised the gun and fired at the nectarine sky.

The flare exploded upwards, radiating brilliant sparks. It rose so high, Mischa and I craned our necks to watch it as it curved gently overhead, leaving a bright trail in the sky.



"Now what?"

I was decisive. "We'll wait a bit longer until the sun is almost down, then we'll fire the second one." Hopefully, Rueben had seen the first flare; a second would keep him on track.

We tracked the sun, deciding that two finger-widths from the skyline was close enough. I fired again, then we both peered into the distance, searching for salvation.

"I see something!" Mischa yelled.

"Where?" I squinted, following her finger.

"There!"

"I think that's just the waves, Mish."

"It's not! Daddy says that kids have way better eyesight than old people."

"Hey! I'm not old, thanks."

"Yes, you are. And I'm right! Look!"

My eyes were almost squeezed shut in concentration, but I finally saw it; tiny white sails. "Oh my god," I sobbed. "It's them."

As they drew closer, the triangles of the sails growing larger and larger, I fired the final flare, guiding them to us. The sound carried well over the water, and before long, I could hear voices calling to us. Mish screamed back. "Daddy! We're here!"

The distance closed and I kicked us towards the yacht, letting Mischa do all the shouting; I was weeping too hard by then to make anything but moist whimpers.

The boat expanded like a magic trick, from a tiny blip to a hull that soared above our heads. It drew up beside us just as the sun dipped fully under the horizon, and I reached for the dangling ladder with desperate hands. "Mish, you first."

She scampered up easily, carting the life preserver ring that had saved our lives with her. I hooked my arm over the bottom rung of the ladder, shivering and so relieved she was saved that my body was ready to conk out and let me drift away with the tides.

"Karla, what are you doing?" said an annoyed voice above me. "Give me your hand and get your butt up here."

Tilting my weary head, I saw Bailey with their arm reaching for mine. "Okay," I said softly.

They gripped me tightly and dragged me over the edge, where I collapsed to the deck. Bailey threw themselves on me for a massive hug and said, "You are so freaking extra , you know that? I don't want to come out of my room, and you throw yourself overboard so I have to? What is wrong with you?"

extra I laughed, which quickly morphed into sobs of relief and cold and delayed terror. Beside us, Rueben was weeping too, Mish in his arms as he rocked her. "Dad, I'm fine," she said, wiggling.

"I thought I lost you," he said, his voice broken. He reached for me with his other hand. "I thought I lost you both."

"Dad, I told you – we're fine. Karla can do anything."

His eyes connected with mine. "Thank you for my daughter," he whispered.

"You're welcome," I replied, warmth and gladness flooding through me with the knowledge that even if I never accomplished anything else in my life, I had done this, and that was enough.





So a strange thing happened after I posted my last chapter: a little something called Coronavirus raced around the world with frightening speed.

So a strange thing happened after I posted my last chapter: a little something called Coronavirus raced around the world with frightening speed. So a strange thing happened after I posted my last chapter: a little something called Coronavirus raced around the world with frightening speed. My birthday was at the end of February, and it was a delightful day; I visited an art gallery and shopped with my mum, my husband took me out for dinner and a show, I hung out with my grandmother and blew out candles with my extended family.

My birthday was at the end of February, and it was a delightful day; I visited an art gallery and shopped with my mum, my husband took me out for dinner and a show, I hung out with my grandmother and blew out candles with my extended family. My birthday was at the end of February, and it was a delightful day; I visited an art gallery and shopped with my mum, my husband took me out for dinner and a show, I hung out with my grandmother and blew out candles with my extended family. Only a month and a bit later, and that day seems like part of a distant world. Now, I can't visit my nan or duck into H&M during my lunch break in the city. The galleries are closed, every show in the country is cancelled. My kids are home with me, I'm working from my kitchen table, and every step outside our home feels fraught with danger.

Only a month and a bit later, and that day seems like part of a distant world. Now, I can't visit my nan or duck into H&M during my lunch break in the city. The galleries are closed, every show in the country is cancelled. My kids are home with me, I'm working from my kitchen table, and every step outside our home feels fraught with danger. Only a month and a bit later, and that day seems like part of a distant world. Now, I can't visit my nan or duck into H&M during my lunch break in the city. The galleries are closed, every show in the country is cancelled. My kids are home with me, I'm working from my kitchen table, and every step outside our home feels fraught with danger. And suddenly, writing a novel about the end of the world wasn't an escape the way it used to be. Theoretical musings about how people would act in the case of a global event were a reality - watching Aussies punch up over toilet paper and scream at each other if someone dared to sneeze on public transport changed how I view humanity forever.

And suddenly, writing a novel about the end of the world wasn't an escape the way it used to be. Theoretical musings about how people would act in the case of a global event were a reality - watching Aussies punch up over toilet paper and scream at each other if someone dared to sneeze on public transport changed how I view humanity forever. And suddenly, writing a novel about the end of the world wasn't an escape the way it used to be. Theoretical musings about how people would act in the case of a global event were a reality - watching Aussies punch up over toilet paper and scream at each other if someone dared to sneeze on public transport changed how I view humanity forever. I'm committed to finishing this book - one more chapter and an epilogue - but it's not the joyride it started out as. Well, as much as a book about the end of the world can be a joyride, lol.

I'm committed to finishing this book - one more chapter and an epilogue - but it's not the joyride it started out as. Well, as much as a book about the end of the world can be a joyride, lol. I'm committed to finishing this book - one more chapter and an epilogue - but it's not the joyride it started out as. Well, as much as a book about the end of the world can be a joyride, lol. Please, wherever you are, stay safe. Wash your hands, take this virus seriously, look after the people you love, practice physical distancing, and keep an eye on your mental health.

Please, wherever you are, stay safe. Wash your hands, take this virus seriously, look after the people you love, practice physical distancing, and keep an eye on your mental health. Please, wherever you are, stay safe. Wash your hands, take this virus seriously, look after the people you love, practice physical distancing, and keep an eye on your mental health. All my love, xx Kate

All my love, xx Kate All my love, xx Kate





Chapter 30


Here's how it should have gone:

Tasmania appears before us, a shining emerald against the blue of the sea and sky. We hug and celebrate as we watch the island draw closer, beckoning us towards her.

Tasmania appears before us, a shining emerald against the blue of the sea and sky. We hug and celebrate as we watch the island draw closer, beckoning us towards her. We sail into the blue bay, a light breeze tugging at the sails as we cruise up to the dock. I alight on the jetty, the wind catching my hair, Rueben's arm around my waist. A knowing smile lifts my lips as we straddle the bikes and head off in search of the farm.

We sail into the blue bay, a light breeze tugging at the sails as we cruise up to the dock. I alight on the jetty, the wind catching my hair, Rueben's arm around my waist. A knowing smile lifts my lips as we straddle the bikes and head off in search of the farm. The gates welcome us as we turn up the sunny driveway. My feet are sure on the pedals, my Lycra-clad butt lifted high in the air as I power up towards the main house. My clothing hugs my body in the right way; I am all toned curves and powerful lines.

The gates welcome us as we turn up the sunny driveway. My feet are sure on the pedals, my Lycra-clad butt lifted high in the air as I power up towards the main house. My clothing hugs my body in the right way; I am all toned curves and powerful lines. At the house, my family is sitting on the wide veranda, sipping tea. My mother rises. "My god... Karla? Is that you?"

At the house, my family is sitting on the wide veranda, sipping tea. My mother rises. "My god... Karla? Is that you?" My parents run to me and hold me tightly. My brother is close behind, while his children dance around us in circles.

My parents run to me and hold me tightly. My brother is close behind, while his children dance around us in circles. Finally, Dean approaches. "Oh wow... Baby girl, you look incredible."

Finally, Dean approaches. "Oh wow... Baby girl, you look incredible." "Do I?" I say innocently, placing my hands on my newly slimmed hips.

"Do I?" I say innocently, placing my hands on my newly slimmed hips. "Yeah. God... I never should have let you go."

"Yeah. God... I never should have let you go." And with my family and clan watching, I smile and say, "That's nice. Now, get the fuck out of here."

And with my family and clan watching, I smile and say, "That's nice. Now, get the fuck out of here." His awe turns to shock; he drops to his knees. "Karla, please..."

His awe turns to shock; he drops to his knees. "Karla, please..." I tell my family, "This man abused me for years. I don't ever want to see his face again."

I tell my family, "This man abused me for years. I don't ever want to see his face again." "But where will I go?"

"But where will I go?" "Not my problem." I stand over him as he scurries out of the gates.

"Not my problem." I stand over him as he scurries out of the gates. "Please, baby girl... We can fix this. I still love you!"

"Please, baby girl... We can fix this. I still love you!" My eyes narrow. "Don't you get it?" I say, echoing his final words to me from years before. "I can never be with someone like you."

My eyes narrow. "Don't you get it?" I say, echoing his final words to me from years before. "I can never be with someone like you." Everyone cheers as he scampers away into the wild. I stride up to Rueben and he picks me up effortlessly, spinning me around in pride before kissing me deeply...

Everyone cheers as he scampers away into the wild. I stride up to Rueben and he picks me up effortlessly, spinning me around in pride before kissing me deeply... But just like everything that had happened since that Tuesday when the world fell apart, reality didn't quite match up to my imagination.

For starters, we didn't sail up to Tasmania; we almost sailed into Tasmania.

into After collapsing into bed the previous night, brimming with gratitude for every breath, I'd woken up agitated and exhausted. As I pulled on my Lulu's, the only cleanish garment I owned, they snagged and something ripped. "Are you kidding me?" I whispered weakly to myself. Of course they'd torn, and of course, it was across the seam of my butt cheek.

Thank god for long tee-shirts... I pulled on my stupid 'sheep happens' tee, then donned the knitted men's cardigan Rueben had loaned me the night before. "You saved my daughter," he'd said, pushing it at me as I shrugged out of my sodden flannel shirt. "You have to let me start making it up to you."

Thank god for long tee-shirts... It smelled like him, of salt and sweetness, and as I sniffed at the sleeve, I encountered a vivid flashback of Rueben and me in my tent, his fingers between my thighs, his mouth on my nipple, as I moaned and-

"Woman!" Bailey's face appeared around my bedroom door. "Don't think just because you nearly died a wretched death lost at sea means you get out of sailing duties. Rueben needs us."

We padded through the kitchen. "Where's Mish?" I asked.

"Still in bed."

"It's good to see you out of bed, Bailes."

you

"Don't get too excited," they said dryly, handing me a fruit and nut pack. "I'm only helping out until we get safely to the farm. Then I have firm plans to find a cave in the woods and become a mad hermit."

"Sure, sure, sounds delightful." I wacked their behind as we climbed the stairs, ignoring the hermit comment out of gladness to have my friend back.

The day met us, cold and clammy. A thick mist hung on the water, shrouding the sky and obscuring our view; we could barely see a few feet in every direction. Rueben was on deck, busily winding and winching, and he smiled at me as we approached. "Hey!"

"Hey." I was suddenly shy in the face of his delight. His hands gripped the anchor rope, and I studied his fingers with open desire. Had his hands and arms always been so sexy? Had almost dying given my libido fresh life?

"So, you can see the weather is a bit heavy today," said Rueben, crossing to the wheel. "We'll need to keep our eyes peeled so we don't run into anything."

Bailey snorted. "Run into what? A stray mermaid? Tapdancing octopuses?"

"Rocks," said Rueben. "We're getting closer to the coast now. Now, the rules state that the sassiest crew member gets the worst jobs, so Karla, you can play lookout, and Bailey, I'll need you on the lines."

I expected Bailey to throw a tantrum and storm back to their room, but surprisingly, they just rolled their eyes and said, "Look at you, Mr BDE. Whatever," before striding to the opposite end of the deck and winding a line in.

"What did you do to Bailey?" I asked quietly, seating myself next to Rueben with a grin. "I don't think I've ever seen them back down, especially considering they were suicidal two days ago."

"It wasn't me." Ruben leaned towards me, and I felt my body respond to his nearness. "It was you. When you went overboard, Bailey was like ferocious animal. They charged up here, followed instructions, did everything I asked, worked like hell. They were terrified you were lost because of their laziness."

"Look, firing Bailey up wasn't my intent when I dove overboard, but it's a nice side effect. And I like that you two have bonded."

"I think we're friends now. Bailey reminds me of a mate I had in high school, actually. I thought this guy hated me, but then at our year twelve formal, he got hammered, ended up telling me how much he admired me."

"Ha, that was totally me at my formal. Except I got trashed and ended up telling the most popular girl in our year that we all knew she'd had a nose job."

"Really? Her parents let her do that?"

"Oh yeah, nose jobs were all the rage at my high school. A few boob jobs too."

"See, this is why every school should have a therapist on site. It's not that I don't believe in cosmetic surgery, but young people are being bombarded with beauty standards and are making permanent choices about their lives and appearances before they even know who they are. I pitched a program to a private Sydney boys' college about this..."

Rueben and I chatted easily, drifting through light topics and meandering down odd conversational paths. As he steered us through the fog, I said, "This is nice."

"What is?"

"Chatting about nothing. Like, this feels like the kind of discussion we might have had when we'd first met; if the world hadn't fallen apart, and my company had won your business, and we'd gone out for a few drinks with everyone to celebrate, and you and I ended up sitting on a bench away from the noise for a few minutes, doing the early digging to find out if we liked each other, if we were compatible, if we'd like to spend more time together."



Rueben smiled at me. "We kind of missed that bit, huh?"

"Bypassed in favour of life and death scenarios, deep exposition into our romantic histories and some very awkward chats about my sexual gratification." I turned away from monitoring the foggy water to focus on him. "It feels like we've come full circle."

"So, what would you have decided?"

"About?"

"About me. If this was our first real discussion. Would you have said yes if I'd asked you out?"

I sensed that the answer was extremely important, and I prepared my words with care. "Before all of this? I don't know. I was a different person, still broken over Dean. Even if you'd asked me out, I wouldn't have believed it was real. I probably would have misconstrued your interest, thought that you were kidding or had a weird motive. And to be honest, Rueben, you wouldn't have asked me out anyway. You weren't ready either – you were still invested in not getting hurt again and protecting Mish at all costs."

"And what about now?" He stared into me, his eyes intent. "Now, that we're both different. What would you say if I asked you out?"

"I..." The intensity in his gaze was too much for me, and I turned my face back to the sea. Squinting, I said, "I... think I see something."

"What?"

"Rocks? Rocks! "

Rocks! They were frighteningly close, a grey mass looming over us out of the gloom. "Hold on!" yelled Rueben as he spun the wheel hard to the right. Bailey and I clutched at the rails and the yacht lurched drunkenly on its side. A sound like giants' fingernails shrieked from the port side, a grinding, metallic sound that poured liquid fear through my intestines.

It was over in only seconds. Bailey dashed downstairs to check on Mischa and the animals, while Rueben and I steered a path through the vindictive rocks that emerged like grasping fingers from the water. "Welcome to Tasmania," I muttered as the coastline intermittently appeared through the mist. After all the fuss getting here, the least this damn state could do was greet us pleasantly, but it was apparently too much to ask for.

Bailey stuck their head above deck. "Mish's fine, but it looks like we're taking on water."

"Oh, god." My fingers clenched in terror. "We're sinking? "

sinking? Rueben ducked briefly below and emerged with a plan. "Okay, yes, we've got a leak, but it's slow. We've got a few hours before the water becomes a real problem down there, so we need to find somewhere to dock and get our gear onto dry land ASAP. As long as we find an inlet, we should find a wharf."

"Sure. Okay." Fark. Farkity fark fark.

Fark. Farkity fark fark. We sailed along the coast, Rueben checking the maps and comparing landmarks to work out where we were. Tasmania was small for an Australian state, but landing on the wrong side of the island would cost us days in extra travel time and our clan was exhausted down to the marrow as it was.

Just as the water started to edge past ankle-depth on the lower deck, Bailey called out from the bow. "Is that an inlet?"

"Sure as hell is," said Rueben, with a relief that revealed to me that he'd been way more worried that he'd been letting on. With a smile at Mischa who'd joined us above deck, he steered us into the narrow channel, which felt almost claustrophobic compared to the open ocean. Houses and shops flanked the slender river, and people - the first people we'd seen in almost a week besides each other - walked around on shore.

"Hello!" Mish yelled out to an older woman who strolled along the beach with her dog. "Please, we're sinking a bit! Can you help us?"

She sprang into life, pointing and animated. "Yes! Keep going upstream, and you'll get to the yacht club – tell Bertie that you need a dry dock, he'll look after you."



"Thank you!"

"Please! Can you tell us where we are?" I cried.

"This is Ulverstone, honey, about 20 kilometres from Davenport."

I snatched the map up, scanning desperately. Where are we...? I searched with my finger for Davenport, following the coastline until I found the tiny blue thread representing the inlet and the red dot showing the township of Ulverstone. And just next to it, one more wide bight around the bend, was Preservation Bay. "Oh my god," I sobbed.

Where are we...? "What? How bad is it?" asked Bailey, resigned to the worst.

"Not bad. Good! Amazing!" I clutched at Bailey's jacket. "We're less than an hour's ride!"

"Are you kidding me?"

"No way!"

"We're there! We're there!" The four of us danced in a circle, crying, laughing, hugging. Thanks, Neptune. I owe you one.

Thanks, Neptune. I owe you one. We lurched into Bertie's little yacht club, which was a deceptively fancy name for the half a dozen berths and a single, empty dry dock. After some fast pleading on our part, Bertie allowed us to steer into the slings in exchange for the last bottle of bourbon from Simon's collection. The Great Escape's journey complete, and ours was almost at an end too.

Nothing in my life had felt as glorious as leaping off the yacht and onto dry land. The thrill lasted for all of an hour; as we unpacked our gear, I started to feel nauseous, and I wasn't alone. Bailey was pale too. "Why do I want to vomit?" they asked.

"Reverse seasickness," said Rueben. "It sometimes happens after you've spent extended time at sea."

"Sailing," said Bailey, turning green and rushing for a garbage pail. "The gift that keeps on giving."

"Don't vomit, or I'll vomit," I warned.

"Too late."

While Bailey filled up the pail, I threw up into the sand beside the dry dock, splattering sick everywhere, including on my tee and Rueben's cardigan sleeve. Perfect. I washed off what I could with the briny water of the river, which left me stained and salty and still smelling of vomit.

Perfect. After Bailey and I had settled our stomachs, we loaded up the bikes. My butt complained vociferously at being rammed back on the loathsome saddle again, but I reassured myself. Just one more hour. I could do this.

Just one more hour. The mist turned into a downpour as we pushed off. There was a reason Tassie was known for its rolling green hills, but the verdant colour clearly came at a cost. The rain cloaked us, turning what was supposed to be a one hour ride to the farm into a miserable, chilly, three hour slog.

My brother didn't even have the decency to buy a property in a valley. Instead, we were forced to dismount and trudge up a hill that rivalled the mountain pass we'd tackled the first day out of Sydney. Even Mischa was moaning, and that child had endured far worse without a single complaint.

Finally. The hill levelled out, and a set of thick wooden gates greeted us. A wooden sign with burned letters exclaimed far too enthusiastically, Welcome! You have arrived at Green Haven! Press the buzzer to open the gate.

Finally. Welcome! You have arrived at Green Haven! Press the buzzer to open the gate. Collectively we rolled our eyes at the suggestion of using an electrically powered device. "I guess we need to climb," I said, testing the weight of the wooden struts.

Bailey said, "Actually, maybe this is a one-person job – a family member they're expecting? The last time we tried to break through closed gates, we almost got shot."



"Ah." I'd nearly forgotten the caravan park and Bev's shotgun. "Sure. I'll go up first. Once I've said hi, I'll come back for you guys."

"Don't forget us," said Rueben, a half-smile on his face.

"Never."

While Mischa let Bella out of her carrier and Rueben checked on Chookie, Bailey helped me wheel my bike to the grass beside the gate, saying in a low voice, "You know, you don't have to talk to that dick until we're there to support you."

"I know. But maybe it's better this way. Maybe I need to do this on my own." The final test, to be able to confront Dean as my own woman, a warrior who didn't need a cheer squad to say what needed to be said.

I began to climb the gate, gripping the rough, round wood tightly. My foot slipped, and Rueben rushed to support my legs. "Uh, Karla?"

"Yes, I know. You can see my butt, right?"

"I just wanted to make sure you knew." He paused, then added, "I'm definitely not complaining."

My grin carried me over the top, but then I lost my grip and slid down the other side, coming to rest flat on my stomach in the middle of a mud puddle. "Oh, what. The. Actual."

"That's a spa treatment, don't you know?" said Bailey, covering up a snicker.

"Thanks." I smiled thinly at my clan. "Back soon."

I trudged up the long, soggy driveway, covered in slick dirt and vomit, bedraggled, wearing the world's most idiotic tee, with my ass cheeks hanging out of the back of my tights. Exactly how I'd always pictured confronting Dean...

By the time I'd reached the cluster of cabins at the end of the drive, I was shivering. "Hello?" I called out. No one was sipping tea on the veranda of the main house. No one appeared to be around at all.

As I tried to figure out which cabin belonged to my parents, a figure appeared from behind a large shed, staggering slightly under the weight of a load of wood. His arms bulged as he carried the firewood towards the cabins, and through the rain I squinted to try and identify him. Dean...?

Dean...? Am I ready for this? A showdown alone in the rain with the man who'd almost destroyed me? I squared my shoulders and thought about everything else I'd endured in the last few weeks: riding up a mountain, smashing a tooth, watching a friend die, risking my life multiple times. I could do all of that. I could do this.

Am I ready for this? "Hey!" I called out, forcing my voice to be strong, clear, authoritative.

The man nearly dropped his wood stack. "Who's there?" He swung to face me. "Karla?"

"Brayden?" Not Dean. My stupid brother. The last person I'd thought about seeing. I'd pictured this reunion so many times, and it always involved Dean, my mum and my dad, with Brayden and his family somewhere in the background.

We'd been tight as kids, be we hadn't gotten along in years, not since I found out that he'd warned Dean away from me as teenagers; I'd never truly forgiven him for that. He'd gotten married, had a mess of kids, moved across a literal sea, and we'd drifted even further apart.

But to my great surprise, he dropped the wood and ran over to me, tears bright in his eyes. "Oh my god, you're here! You made it!" His big arms wrapped me up, and he hugged me hard. "Holy hell, little sis, I didn't believe that you'd make it!"

"You doubted me?" I laughed through my own tears, warmth flooding me.

"I was worried for you." He held me at arm's length, his face awash with delight and curiosity. "How did you get here? Are you okay? Did you bring anyone else?"



"Bike and yacht, I'm as okay as I can be, and yes, I've got a few clan members waiting by the gates."

The rain had eased as we'd hugged, and a few weak beams of sun broke through the clouds, a hopeful light dappling the ground where we stood. Brayden said, "You've got people waiting? Let's go let them in!"

"Wait, Brayden." I took a ragged breath. "I think I should speak to Dean first." It had to be now. I was ready.

A dark shadow passed over my brother's face. "Let's go get your people first."

"But I really need to talk to Dean."

Brayden steered me back along the driveway. "We need to talk about Dean."

about "Okay."

As we squelched through the mud, Brayden looped his arm through mine. "I owe you an apology."

"What? Why?" I was slightly horrified. My brother never apologised for anything; unreasonable confidence was his hallmark.

He sniffed. "I should have told you some stuff years ago, and I didn't."

"What stuff?"

"Stuff about Dean." My brother scratched underneath his woollen beanie. "I knew from when we were teenagers that he treated the girls he dated badly. No, not badly – like trash. Like they were disposable, only there to serve him. He used to manipulate them into bed, then toss them away and laugh about it. It... It wasn't right."

I couldn't speak. This was like hearing the other side of a conversation I'd been waiting my whole life to catch up on.

"It's not an excuse," said Brayden, "but he had some seriously messed up stuff in his family. Some of the stories he used to tell about his dad... Anyway, I knew that you liked him, and I should have told you he was abusive to women, but I didn't want you to judge me."

"Why would I do that?"

"Because he was my mate. He was awful to women, but he was a brilliant friend to me. If I really faced the kind of person he was, I wasn't sure what that said about me wanting to spend time with him." Shame crawled across his features. "So, I did the next best thing: I warned him away from you. Said it was because you'd ruin our friendship, because I knew that he'd take it as a challenge otherwise."

"He did anyway," I murmured, remembering how Dean used to gloat about getting one over my brother, that Brayden would want to tear us apart if he found out, that we had to keep 'us' a secret.

"I didn't know at the time. I should have, but I was trying to launch my career, and then Nicola came along, then the kids, and I'd stopped hanging out with Dean by then anyway, and I was busy, and it's not an excuse, but I'm just really, truly sorry, sis."

"I don't blame you, Brayden. Why are telling me this now though?"

"Because Dean being here, it brought some stuff up. I hadn't seen or heard from him in years, then I get an out of the blue call from him asking if he can visit. I thought he wanted to catch up as mates, but turns out, he was actually looking for an investor." My brother made a fortune in his twenties by investing well, developing properties, overhauling businesses - but he wasn't ostentatious about his money. He hated it when people only hung around because they needed cash.

"I was going to send him on his way, but then the power went out, and I thought maybe we could reconnect. After he talked to you on the phone, he kept implying to Mum and Dad that you two were going to be a thing, that we'd all be family. They loved the idea, but..." He sucked his teeth. "I knew he hadn't changed.



"Dean and I had a few drinks one night and he started boasting, telling me all of this stuff about 'his' women. I hadn't been keeping up with him on social media, so I think he just wanted to brag about his conquests – about the girl he left behind in Melbourne, how she was in Adelaide but she was so desperate for him, she'd probably walk all the way back to be with him."

"She did," I said, thinking of Mellie, bloody-soled, broken-hearted and terrified, waiting indefinitely for his return.

"He kept getting drunker, telling me more." Brayden shook his head. "I thought this guy was a womaniser, a bit of a tosser, sure, but – I didn't realise he was so messed up. Some of his stories... Sick stuff about getting drunk girls in bed, then swapping out with a mate so they could 'have a turn' without the girl realising, or ruining the careers of women in his office by circulating intimate photos of them, or two and three-timing his girlfriends, and how they didn't have a clue."

I shuddered. This was the guy I'd loved so desperately? I wanted to pretend this was all news to me, but deep down, with my vision clear, I realised that I'd always known Dean had this capacity for darkness and malice.

My brother was still talking. "Then, he started telling this story about this girl he'd kept on tap as an easy lay for years, went on this big rant about how fat chicks were an untapped resource for no-strings sex, how they'd do anything, accept anything, because they were just so grateful for any attention."

My cheeks began to burn beneath the mud and salt; part humiliation, part fury.

"He said how this 'dumb bitch' got herself pregnant, how she was going to actually have it." Brayden squeezed my arm tighter. "He was still furious talking about it, that he'd have to pay child support for years because of 'her mistake.' He didn't even see the irony that it takes two people to conceive a pregnancy.

"So, he boasts about how he convinced her to get rid of the pregnancy, sold her a bunch of bull about wanting to be with her forever, conned her into the termination. He was so proud of himself, even years later, like he'd won over a jury in an impossible case."

Pride. I'd been broken for years, and all Dean had felt was pride. I knew there would be sorrow and anger to process later, but I needed to hear how this ended.

Pride. My brother stopped and turned to face me with agony in his eyes. "He's halfway through laughing about how brilliant he is, then he remembers. 'Oh shit, bro – this was your sister! I totally forgot! How funny is that?'"

"What did you say?" I asked softly.

"Nothing." My brother gestured around us. "I very calmly walked him to the gates, just like I'm doing with you now, and I told him to get out."

"Seriously?" My brother, the world's biggest push-over, especially when it came to his friends, evicting someone into the wild?

He nodded, eyes flinty. "I told him that if he ever came back, he'd find himself at the unfriendly end of a shotgun."

"Where is he now?"

"No idea. A few people in town saw him heading east, probably looking for a way back to the mainland." Brayden squeezed my hand. "Karla, if you still want to be with him, I'm sorry that this affects you, but Dean was a bad person and I couldn't allow him to stay here."

I gave his fingers a gentle squeeze in return. "I didn't want him back. The only reason I'm sorry he's gone is because I won't get to confront him myself, but you can't always have your druthers."

We hugged, and something slipped from my shoulders, like a backpack filled with weight I'd been carrying for too long. I wouldn't have my chance to say my piece to Dean, but the more important conversation was the one I'd already had with myself. I am worthy. I am worthy of good things. I am worthy of being loved.

I am worthy. I am worthy of good things. I am worthy of being loved. As Brayden and I squelched on towards the gate, my brother asked me, "So, this clan you've brought with you... What are they like?"

Their figures were coming into few as we neared the end of the driveway: Bailey's slender form, arms crossed, Mischa dancing around, Bella at her heels, Chookie perched on a fence post, and Rueben leaning on the rail, searching for me with his kind eyes.

"What are they like?" I murmured, filled with love. "They're the best."





Well my gorgeous reader - this is it! The last official chapter of the story - although, I'm a sucker for a decent wrap-up, so I spent my Mother's Day writing a very satisfying epilogue which I'll post in a few days :)

Well my gorgeous reader - this is it! The last official chapter of the story - although, I'm a sucker for a decent wrap-up, so I spent my Mother's Day writing a very satisfying epilogue which I'll post in a few days :) Well my gorgeous reader - this is it! The last official chapter of the story - although, I'm a sucker for a decent wrap-up, so I spent my Mother's Day writing a very satisfying epilogue which I'll post in a few days :) A special thank you to those who joined when the tale was green and have been so patient in waiting for the end. Another shout-out for those who diligently vote, recommend the story, and add it to their public reading lists - it's thanks to you that others can find my work.

A special thank you to those who joined when the tale was green and have been so patient in waiting for the end. Another shout-out for those who diligently vote, recommend the story, and add it to their public reading lists - it's thanks to you that others can find my work. A special thank you to those who joined when the tale was green and have been so patient in waiting for the end. Another shout-out for those who diligently vote, recommend the story, and add it to their public reading lists - it's thanks to you that others can find my work. When I began this tale in 2019, coronavirus wasn't a thing. Now, the pandemic has affected life across the globe as we know it: hundreds of thousands of lives have been lost, our economies have taken massive blows, people have lost their jobs and livelihoods.

When I began this tale in 2019, coronavirus wasn't a thing. Now, the pandemic has affected life across the globe as we know it: hundreds of thousands of lives have been lost, our economies have taken massive blows, people have lost their jobs and livelihoods. When I began this tale in 2019, coronavirus wasn't a thing. Now, the pandemic has affected life across the globe as we know it: hundreds of thousands of lives have been lost, our economies have taken massive blows, people have lost their jobs and livelihoods. Perhaps worst of all, the social isolation has impacted our ability to be human. Some of us are trapped in our homes, single and alone without physical contact. Others are stuck in horrendous situations, experiencing family violence while trying to balance work and kids and finances. Some of us are just sad, and we can't pin down exactly why as we wade through waves of depression. We are more distrustful of others than ever; racism and othering are becoming more prevalent as we search for someone to blame for our pain.

Perhaps worst of all, the social isolation has impacted our ability to be human. Some of us are trapped in our homes, single and alone without physical contact. Others are stuck in horrendous situations, experiencing family violence while trying to balance work and kids and finances. Some of us are just sad, and we can't pin down exactly why as we wade through waves of depression. We are more distrustful of others than ever; racism and othering are becoming more prevalent as we search for someone to blame for our pain. Perhaps worst of all, the social isolation has impacted our ability to be human. Some of us are trapped in our homes, single and alone without physical contact. Others are stuck in horrendous situations, experiencing family violence while trying to balance work and kids and finances. Some of us are just sad, and we can't pin down exactly why as we wade through waves of depression. We are more distrustful of others than ever; racism and othering are becoming more prevalent as we search for someone to blame for our pain. Whether you're reading this in 2020 or in the aftermath years later, I hope that this tale leaves you with hope. You are resilient - and although life may never be the same, it is going to get better.

Whether you're reading this in 2020 or in the aftermath years later, I hope that this tale leaves you with hope. You are resilient - and although life may never be the same, it is going to get better. Whether you're reading this in 2020 or in the aftermath years later, I hope that this tale leaves you with hope. You are resilient - and although life may never be the same, it is going to get better. With so much love,

With so much love, With so much love, Kate xx

Kate xx Kate xx





One year later


"I can see her!" Mischa shrieked so loudly, Rueben and I both jumped, and his hand squeezed my butt as it rested inside the back pocket of my faded cargos. The three of us were at the main intersection of Ulverstone, the daily market buzzing around us as we waited for our guest.





"I don't think that's her, honey," I said, reaching out to give Mish a quick hug. The person making their way up the hill was clearly a six-foot man, but Mischa was so desperate, she was projecting onto just about anything. On the way into town, she was convinced that a particularly svelte tree was the person we were looking out for. "How about you go and trade some eggs for something fun?"

I handed her a basket of our untraded chook bounty and her eyes lit up. "Oo! Can I get a necklace? Jaime from the Lott's farm has been making them with pretty stones!"

"Sure," said Rueben, smiling.

"Yay!" She scampered away between the stalls, Bella hot on her heels. The little dog had been her shadow for so long, it would almost be weird to see one without the other.

Rueben rubbed the small of my back. "What are you thinking?"

"About how Bella's going to react. How it might break Mish's heart a bit."

He laughed softly. "That dog has more than enough love to go around. What's really worrying you?"

I gave it some thought as the market swirled around us. People from the area gathered most days on the hill at the top of town to trade wares and services, and we were practically fixtures. Between Nichola's hives, the eggs the kids gathered, the fresh meat and milk my brother carefully cultivated and the vegetables my parents tended, we had plenty to barter with.

I wasn't worried; I was wary. Our lives had been calm-ish for almost a full year. Today might change everything again.

Before I could formulate my thoughts, someone called out to Rueben. "Hey, Doc?" Bertie from the yacht club wandered over, rubbing his stubbled chin. "Can you fit me in for a session this week?"

"Of course," said Rueben. "Tuesday? I'll come to you."

"Great. We can take the Great Escape out after, if you like?"

"Done."

The two men shook hands, and my heart was glad that Rueben had rediscovered his calling. Being the only psychologist for about 200 kilometres, he was in high demand for his services. As the world had settled into a new 'normal' post-apocalypse, people had begun to realise that they needed help to process everything that had been lost. Rueben saw clients almost every day, even the ones who couldn't afford to give anything in return. "They need help more than we need the trade," he explained.

The market traffic was beginning to ebb; people mostly arrived early to get their first pick of the offerings, then drifted away as the sun drew higher. Being spring, the locals were coming earlier, enjoying the warmth of the sun after months of brutal Tasmanian winter.

There were a million things I missed about my previous life. Taking toilet paper for granted, instead of a luxury resigned to the past, replaced by rags. Throwing out the wilted leaves from a lettuce or a brown banana without a second thought. The ability to book a flight to anywhere around the world. Twitter and TV.

But those first-world conveniences were offset by the idyllic social setting we'd landed in. We were friends with our neighbours, invested in our township. We were lucky; the people who travelled over the sea to Tassie spoke of how the other states were faring. Melbourne had thrived, but Sydney had fallen; it was apparently nothing more than a Mad-Max-esque wasteland these days. Adelaide had been abandoned with everyone deserting the city for the surrounding farmlands, and Queensland had quickly formed violent, segregated alliances along racial lines. As for Perth, it was too far away for anyone to even have heard rumours about. All in all, our clan had landed in the best possible situation, and I gave silent thanks for our strong, resource-rich community every day.



I smiled and nodded at our friends and neighbours as people began to disperse from the market. Bethany, one of the teachers from the little school, walked over. "Hey, guys! How is Misha doing? She's been so excited for today."

Rueben and I laughed. "That's an understatement," said Rueben, pointing to where Mish was turning cartwheels on the grass overlooking the ocean.

"Oh, Karla? Is it okay if I put an order in for a jug?" Bethany's voice dropped. "I don't have anything big enough for milk at the moment – I always run out after two days, and if I could carry more, it would make life easier."

"Of course! I'll bring one down on Monday to school, if that works?" I was already planning the piece in my head; a streamlined jug with a slender spout and a fat belly, perfect for carting around moo juice.

"Thank you."

"My pleasure." I meant it; every parent contributed to supporting the teachers at the school, either with food or supplies. Their role had been made infinitely harder by the lack of resources, but our teachers were adaptive and ingenious, and their hard work showed in the progress of the kids. There was a focus on practical skills as well as lessons learnt from history, and most importantly, an emphasis on empathy and equity.

Mischa was thriving. I smiled as I watched her play with Bella on the grass and wondered at her resilience after enduring so much heartache. Rueben kissed my head. "You're staring again."

"I know. I just love her so much."

"You could barely look at her when we met."

"A lot has changed since then," I reflected. "I've changed."

Not as much as I'd hoped for, I could admit to myself. I was never going to be the skinny girl I'd pictured in my head when the world had fallen apart. Sure, there were no more drive-through take-aways, no more sugar-laden ice cream tubs or all-you-can-eat buffets, but I wasn't able to follow a calorie-controlled low-carb meal plan either. Most of our meals contained potatoes and high-fat dairy products – and bread, my eternal weakness. The local baker constantly needed new crockery and baking containers, and I was happy to trade loaves for the fruits of my pottery talent.

But I felt healthier, more toned. I ran around with Mischa, cycled to town most days, tended to the vegetable gardens and chased cows and tossed hay. I was strong and I was fierce; I'd survived, and that meant more to me than the size on my pants. Sure, I had curves, but the only person who saw me naked wasn't complaining, so I'd mostly made my peace with the bulge around my belly.

Of course, other things had changed too, I noted as I leaned my head on Rueben's shoulder. "Maybe it won't be today," I said softly. "You know how the seas can be – she might have been held up."

"Okay. We'll head back. If she makes it here, someone will point her in the right direction." He called out. "Hey, Mish?"

"What?" she said, bolting upright from where she'd been rolling around with Bella. "Is she here?"

I opened my mouth to let her down gently, then I caught sight of a familiar figure climbing up the hill. "I think... I think she actually might be!"

The girl who approached us was still as slender and beautiful as ever – and somehow, despite the fact she'd just crossed a sea and there was no such thing as fashion anymore, was still artfully stylish. She wore a chunky knitted sweater that hung off one shoulder, exposing tanned, smooth skin, over a maxi-skirt made of patchwork denim pieces that danced around her booted ankles. Her long hair fluttered in the breeze, a living creature that waved to us long before its owner noticed us.



Mischa gasped. "Nevvie," she whispered, then began to shout. "Nevvie! Nev! Nev, Nev, Nev! "

Nev! The girl's head snapped up, and a smile drew her heart-shaped lips wide. "Oh my god! Mischa! It's youse! Youse are here!"

She began to run, Mischa ran, Rueben and I ran, Bella ran, and the five of us crashed together like a wave, tears and arms and exclamations everywhere. "Nev, you're here!"

"Of course I'm here! I said I would come, didn't I? Oh, Bella! Look at you!"

"I took good care of her, Nevvie!"

"I knew you would, gorgeous girl! You're so big! What happened?"

"I'm growing!"

"Rueben, farm life suits you - you look friggen hot, man! Your beard is super beardy!"

"Uh... thank you? It's good to see you too, Neveah."

"Can we go?" She smoothed her hands over her hair, and I could see nerves in her eyes.

I answered. "We'll go now. Rueben and Mischa are using the bike trailers, so they can take your bag. You and I can ride together – I thought we might take the scenic route." I wanted to show off the majestic coastline rather than the direct route which was boring bush, but mostly I wanted the chance to talk to Nev alone before we reached Green Haven.

We hefted Nev's wheelie suitcase onto the back of Rueben's bike, while Mischa talked a mile a minute at Nev. "We'll take your stuff back and put it in your room – you get a room in the big house, it's really pretty – and then we're having lunch, and it's lamb which we almost never have, and Nanna Kathy and Poppy Shane will be there, and Tyler and Tristan and Immy and Isla and-"

"Mish, slow down," said Rueben. He kissed me and said, "Love you, see you at home."

Mischa hugged Nev, then me. "Bye, Nev! Bye, Mum!"

As they peddled off, Nev clutched at my hand. "Holy shiz! Did she call you mum?"

I nodded, eyes heavy with happy tears. "It's new, but I like it."

We mounted up and followed the curve of the coast road. Nev, flipping her flawless hair like a shampoo commercial, said, "Tell me everything."

"You know everything from my letters."

"It's not the same! Besides, I think some of them didn't make it. Tell me from the start."

As we rode, I filled her in. About how the first night we'd made it to the farm and my brother had told me about Dean. We'd let the others in at the gate and brought them to the main house where a massive fire burned as warmly as the welcome. My mother hugged me for about an hour, my dad was immediately smitten with Mischa, my brother and Rueben instantly connected, and my brother's kids doted on Bella, who was a novelty compared to the farm's working dogs. Bailey was quiet initially, but allowed themselves to be drawn into conversation by my mum and brother before curling up beside the fire, content if not relaxed. Nichola poured me wine and a bath, which was so lovely of her, I promptly burst into tears again, and I eventually fell into bed in the main house, more at peace than I could remember in a long time.

It took a few days to get settled. Rueben and Mischa took up residence in a cabin near the main house, with a loft upstairs as the main bedroom and a smaller room downstairs for Mischa – and Bella, of course. I moved into the room next to my parents in the main house, and Chookie was delighted to discover the massive chicken enclosure that housed about 200 of her new best friends.

Bailey chose the most remote cabin on the property, a tiny wooden shack perched on the hill between a wall of trees and the sea. I tried to convince them to relocate closer, but they said, "I need this."



"You need people," I retorted.

"I know, and I do. But I need to do some healing."

A few days later, I was finally unpacking the dregs and detritus at the bottom of my suitcase, when someone knocked on my bedroom door. "Hello?"

Rueben stood there, wild flowers in his hand and a hopeful smile on his face. "Hi. I, uh... I wanted to pretend for a moment that maybe we'd just met. Like you don't know all about me, and I don't know all about you."

"Okay," I said, rising from the floor and grinning.

"So, I was wondering if you'd like to go out some time?"

I tilted my head, considering it. I thought about all the angst we'd put each other through, every piece of emotional baggage we both carted around, all the reasons that we couldn't possibly work and the fallout if we failed.

Then I released all those worries into the sky like bright yellow balloons. "I'd love to."

For our first date, he organised a picnic at the beach, just the two of us while my dad hung out with Mischa. It was like an actual date; small talk and gentle exploration. We kissed and he walked me home.

I organised the next date, then we alternated, planning our way through the weeks, with nothing more than words and sweet kisses passing between us.

After a month, I asked if Mischa could sleep over with my brother's kids. At sunset, I walked Rueben out to the surprise I'd been working on for a week: a large metal tank filled with heated water, a makeshift hot tub my brother had helped me create by setting up coals below the base of the tank.

Rueben and I immersed ourselves in the silent, steaming water. I'd borrowed a swim suit from my sister-in-law, but it wasn't long before I'd slid the straps off and straddled him boldly.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes."

"Does this feel good?"

"God, yes."

"Do you want more?"

"I want everything."

We made love in the tank, on the blanket beside the tank, on the couch in his cabin, on the bed in his loft. We came up for air in the morning, and just like we would have in the real world, I cleared out before Mischa came home.

After three months, Rueben asked me to have dinner with just him and Mischa in their cabin. Despite the fact I saw them both for hours every day, I was still nervous as I knocked on their door.

Mish answered. I said, "Hello, you must be Mischa."

She rolled her eyes. "You're so weird."

Over dinner, Rueben said, "Mish, I have to tell you something. Karla and I are dating each other."

"Duh," she responded, stabbing a piece of fish with her fork. "You guys are sooo obvious."

"And how do you feel about that?"

She wiggled in her chair like an excited puppy. "It's about time!"

After another three months, I moved into the cabin with them officially; by then I was spending most nights there anyway. We'd become a family, and when Mischa started calling me mum, it was the most natural and amazing thing in the world.

"You know I'm not trying to replace your birth mother," I told her on one of our walks to school.

"I know." She scrunched up her delicate face, and I could catch the image of the supermodel who'd given her life waiting to bloom one day in the striking woman she'd grow into. "But you read me stories and make me meals and play with me. She's my mother, but you're my mum. I can have you both."



Telling Nev all of this, I wept. Nev cried so hard, she almost rode off the cliffs and into the sea. "Oh my god. Youse are gonna have such beautiful babies! Oh, wait – sorry, that was a stupid thing to say."

"Well, not that stupid..."

"Oh my god, are youse pregnant ?"

pregnant "No, no!" I laughed. "But we've talked about what we'll do when we run out of condoms. There's no more pill, and the rhythm method is about as trustworthy as Bella left alone with a steak, so we need to be ready for an 'accident.'"

"And are you ready?"

I thought of my little boy, the one I'd never get to know, thought about the sister he would have loved in Mischa, and realised the truth: he would have wanted his mummy to be happy and go on to love other babies too. "I am."

" Squee! I bags godmother. Youse will be a gorge fam."

Squee! "Speaking of family – how did yours go, saying goodbye?"

"They weren't happy, but I was ready." Her face darkened. "After Nonna passed, things were different. They all have their own lives, and I swear, it felt like sometimes the thing my sisters liked best about me was the free babysitting."

"I know they love you."

"I love them too," she said begrudgingly. "I know they'll be okay – Liana is practically running the city now. It was time for me to fly, you know?"

The road sloped sharply up as we drew closer to the driveway. I needed to ask the awkward questions before we arrived. "Nev... Have you heard back from Bailey at all?"

"No." Her voice was small. "I realised the second youse were gone that I'd done it all wrong. I should have talked to them, but I was so scared. Love is scary! Do you know that?"

"I do," I said, smiling.

"I wrote them sooo many letters. I apologised, like, a quadrillion times. I wrote them a letter most days, then sent them off in big packs."

I was the one who generally received the letter bundles; whenever someone crossed the Tasman, we'd trade for the delivery of the letters to the post office at the port on the mainland, and Nev used the same system to communicate to us.

She eyed me sideways. "Did they ever say if they read my letters?"

I paused, giving myself time to word my answer carefully. Bailey's healing had been a long road, and I wasn't sure how much Nev was ready to hear.

While Rueben and I were in our early dating period, Bailey had reverted to being a colleague instead of my closest friend; someone I saw during working hours around the farm or at the market. They pulled their weight with their duties and they'd join us at the big house for a meal once a week, but otherwise they kept to themselves.

They sourced a typewriter from one of the antique shops near Launceston, and when they weren't working on the farm, they were writing: either on their small veranda overlooking the water when the weather was good, and writing inside by lantern when it wasn't. I visited them every day, making us tea and nattering away, trying to keep them connected with the world.

For a few months, Bailey hibernated, wallowing in solitude. Then Rueben offered to have formal psychology sessions with Bailey to work through some of their family issues (no mention of Nev), and to my surprise, they agreed. Neither Bailey nor Rueben ever told me what was discussed, but Bailey started to make progress. They appeared at family dinners more often, joined a poetry group in town, and even dated the lovely Bethany for a few weeks before they broke things off amicably.



But whenever I'd deliver a bundle of letters, I'd try to speak to Bailey about Nev, and every time Bailey would say, "Karla, no. I just can't." I had no idea if they'd even read the letters, or if they'd met a fiery end before the envelopes were even slit.

As Nev and I wheeled through the gates of Green Haven, I said, "I told you when I wrote to you, I'm not sure what Bailey is thinking. And like I said, there's a good chance they might not even want to see you."

"I know," said Nev, deep sadness in her voice. "But I have to try. I owe them an apology to their face."

"You may have come all this way for nothing, Nev."

She sighed. "Look, I could lie and say that I came here to stretch my wings and have an adventure, and yeah, I guess that's true. But I love Bailey. I can't walk away without knowing for sure that I buggered everything up, or if there's still a chance."

I rode over to Bailey's cabin with her. The afternoon sun was strong, and it fell brightly on the figure that stood on the veranda, staring out to sea. "Oh my god," breathed Nev. "Bailey."

She swung off her bike and let it fall. I probably should have ridden off and given them their privacy, but I wanted to be there for Nev if things went south. Plus, we'd travelled all this way; I felt righteously entitled to see how it ended.

Nev stepped forwards, approaching Bailey's static shape. Nev began to talk: I couldn't hear her, but her animated arms gave her away. She explained, apologised and pleaded, all through fluid movements and tearful expressions.

Bailey didn't move. Their face was shadowed and they gave nothing away.

Nev broke down, offering Bailey her heart with outstretched arms. They faced off for another few beats, and then Nev turned away. I could see she was trying to keep herself together, but her tears began to fall as soon as her face was hidden.

The space between them grew, and I realised that Bailey was about to let her go for good. Some hurts are too deep.

Some hurts are too deep. "Nev." Bailey's voice called across the distance between them. Nev stopped, and Bailey approached. They turned Nev slowly and took her face in their hands. As they kissed, framed by the sea spray that drifted up the cliff behind them, my hands crept to my face to hide my delighted grin. Then their kiss turned decidedly X-rated, and I finally rode away and gave them privacy, beaming wide enough to burst.

A few hours later, I held a large bottle aloft. "People, may I please present... the fabled boar-busting bottle of Sir Simon McCall!"

"Oh my god!" squealed Nev from her place on Bailey's lap. "Youse saved it!"

"We said we would drink it to celebrate our safe arrival here. It didn't seem right to crack it open without you, Nev." I popped the cork, letting it fly high into the night sky, then made the rounds around the firepit, filling a glass for Rueben, Nev and Bailey. Mish stuck her lip out, but I said, "Sorry, love, but you've got sparkling juice instead."

When I'd topped up my own glass, I raised it to the empty chair I'd placed beside the fire. "To Simon."

"To Simon," everyone echoed. We sipped in silence, contemplating the clan member we'd lost who'd given us so much.

Bailey spoke. "Hey, do you remember that time we went to that meeting, and the marketing guy said that he'd never hire a woman because they're too emotional?"

Nev replied, "Yes! And then Simon gave him this massive speech about why he was such a douche, then followed him to the lift and farted in there so they were stuck together for twenty floors!"

Rueben said, "The man could fart, I'll give him that. One night, he cracked one so loudly in his tent, Bella started barking."

Everyone laughed, and we spent time sharing our stories, reminiscing about a guy who definitely wasn't perfect, but who had died a good man. Nev played 'Fire and Rain' on guitar with adapted lyrics by Bailey about Simon and his deeds, about boar fighting, alcohol trading and dying from battle wounds, and the music rolled away over the dark hills and out to sea.

I wasn't a spiritually-inclined person – if you didn't count the times I'd cried out to Poseidon – but as I wiped my eyes, I swore I could sense Simon's bulky frame and gruff smile as a shadow in his chair.

"And now Nev is here," I said, rising from my chair, "I have something else to say." I'd expected to be nervous, but I felt calm as a still lake as I dropped to one knee beside Rueben, staring up at the man I loved so deeply; not as a broken person, but as a whole woman. "Rueben, my love... Will you marry me?"

Before he could answer, Nev squealed in delight. "Youse guys! You have to say yes!"

Rueben laughed through his tears and dropped to a knee himself. "You beat me to it." He pulled out a small square of waxed cloth. Inside was a Russian wedding set, three interconnected bands of silver, gold and copper. He turned to Mischa. "Hey, little girl? What do you say?"

"I already said yes – Mum asked me ages ago." She grinned conspiratorially and winked at me.

"How did I get so lucky to be surrounded by such amazing and intelligent women?" Rueben stood, pulling me to my feet. "Yes. Of course. Yes."

We kissed and my clan cheered. Part of me wanted to rush the kiss, to race ahead into the future, to find my mum and celebrate with her, to drag Nev into a room and design a dress.

My mind continued racing ahead. I wanted to gift Nev the bag of clothes I'd been saving for her so she could rip them apart and make beautiful things, including the skinny jeans I'd never fit into and carried all the way from Sydney and didn't care about anymore. I wanted to hug Bailey and hear them say that they'd finally found peace and left their family behind, to see Bailey and Nev thrive together.

I wanted to walk along a flower aisle towards Rueben on a spring day, the sea behind him, Mischa by our side. I wanted to feel a baby grow inside me again, to complain about being huge, to labour and scream and bring a new life into the world.

I wanted to journey back across the sea with my family, to travel to the tree where we'd placed Simon to rest, to speak to my children about a man who'd meant so much to me.

I wanted to know if the rumours were true, that the murmurings we'd heard about the nanobots dying off in five years were accurate, that the human race could begin to rebuild, but better this time, having learned from this cataclysmic event and ready for a more enlightened future.

But all of that lay in a future I couldn't rush. Instead, I closed my eyes and kissed my fiancé, drinking in the moment as if it was all I had, grateful for a moment of pure abundance after everything we'd endured to arrive at that exact moment in time, and allowed the world to rotate without me, for just a little while.

THE END



