Introduction


Title: Human Code

Copyright by: LittleVee

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/202581633-human-code

Synopsis: ⭐ WATTYS 2020 WINNER!! ⭐ •• Javier Morales is an android who only wished to be accepted in death as he was in life, but when rogue androids kidnap his sister and destroy the city, he must put himself last to save what matters most. **** Bionics Pharmaceuticals has an Android for every need and desire. Whether a household requires a maid, a nanny, or a couple lusting for that 'third' spark, Bionics would create it. Without question. So, on July 3rd, 2016, when Javier Morales dies in a car crash, his parents request the unfathomable: recreate their son. In the beginning, it was wonderful. A cyborg specially crafted for their family, fully equipped with what remained of his memories, Javier was just what they needed to deal with their grief. But reality sets in, and when his body doesn't age, they move on. And now, to his family, he's a memory. And to the rest world, he shouldn't exist. For Javi, it was life. And he came to terms with his fate. Until rogue androids start attacking other androids and civilians. And kidnap his kid sister. In order to save her and everyone else, he has to dig into his core to regain control of his mind and body. But does he have enough heart to regain his soul? *** Currently: completed. *** Awards: 🔴 WATTYS 2020 WINNER -- Science Fiction 🔴 1st Place, Science Fiction -- Punk Rock Awards 2020 🔴 1st Place, Science Fiction -- The Golden Awards 🔴 1st Place, Science Fiction -- The Butterfly Awards 🔴 1st Place, Science Fiction -- WinterRose Awards 🔴 2nd Place, Science Fiction -- The Creative Awards 2019 Rankings: 🔴 #1 in Nanowrimo2019 -- 11/1/19 🔴 #8 in Cyberpunk -- 12/06/20 🔴 #82 in Cyborg -- 11/18/19 🔴 #3 in ActionThriller -- 02/26/2021 🔴 #1 in Robots -- 03/23/21 🔴 #6 in Androids -- 3/30/21 *** ❝You know what's the worst thing about being alive? Being remind





Human Code


Introduction

Chapters 00 || B I R T H

01 || O N E

02 || T W O

03 || T H R E E

04 || F O U R

05 || F I V E

06 || S I X

07 || S E V E N

08 || E I G H T

09 || N I N E

10 || T E N

11 || E L E V E N

12 || T W E L V E

13 || T H I R T E E N

14 || F O U R T E E N

15 || F I F T E E N

16 || S I X T E E N

17 || S E V E N T E E N

18 || E I G H T E E N

19 || N I N E T E E N

20 || T W E N T Y

21 || T W E N T Y - O N E

22 || T W E N T Y - T W O

23 || T W E N T Y - T H R E E

24 || T W E N T Y - F O U R

25 || T W E N T Y - F I V E

26 || T W E N T Y - S I X

27 || T W E N T Y - S E V E N

28 || T W E N T Y - E I G H T

29 || T W E N T Y - N I N E

30 || H U M A N . C O D E

× Author's Note ×

× Characters + Aesthetics ×

× Playlist ×





00 || B I R T H




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. July 31st, 2016

July 31st, 2016 July 31st, 2016 A monitor beeps. Incessant.

A monitor beeps. Incessant. A woman cries, "Will he be the same?"

A woman cries, "Will he be the same?" Her sobs are followed by a man's voice. Quieter. Calm. "Just the same as he was before the accident," he says. "All you have to do is sign here, Mrs. Morales."

Her sobs are followed by a man's voice. Quieter. Calm. "Just the same as he was before the accident," he says. "All you have to do is sign here, Mrs. Morales." "And what if something happens? What if he breaks? Can you fix him? If he dies again..." The third voice belongs to another man. Unsure. Frantic, even. "What will happen to our family?"

"And what if something happens? What if he breaks? Can you fix him? If he dies again..." The third voice belongs to another man. Unsure. Frantic, even. "What will happen to our family?" "Mr. Morales, all of Bionics products are lifetime guaranteed, and Javier's body is premium certified. You came to the right company to give him back to you."

"Mr. Morales, all of Bionics products are lifetime guaranteed, and Javier's body is premium certified. You came to the right company to give him back to you." "We only want him back. I miss our son..." the woman's voice returns. Softer and accepting, though hesitation rings in the very last word—son.

"We only want him back. I miss our son..." the woman's voice returns. Softer and accepting, though hesitation rings in the very last word—son. "Like I said, Mrs. Morales, you both simply need to sign, and your son will be yours. Again. As though nothing had ever happened to him."

"Like I said, Mrs. Morales, you both simply need to sign, and your son will be yours. Again. As though nothing had ever happened to him." "It just seems... unnatural."

"It just seems... unnatural." Despite the uncertainty, pen scratches across paper. Hands clasp, shake; the movement like lull winds.

Despite the uncertainty, pen scratches across paper. Hands clasp, shake; the movement like lull winds. Then the beeps cease. The voices fade.

Then the beeps cease. The voices fade. And the sound of a heart's beating takes over the silence.

And the sound of a heart's beating takes over the silence. "Is anything natural, Mr. Morales?"

"Is anything natural, Mr. Morales?" •



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. [A/N: It begins! All thoughts are appreciated! Let me know what's going on in your head!]

[A/N: It begins! All thoughts are appreciated! Let me know what's going on in your head!]





01 || O N E




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "This is how you remind me of what I really am..."

"This is how you remind me of what I really am..." "This is how you remind me of what I really am..." *

* May 3rd, 2022



May 3rd, 2022 May 3rd, 2022

Natural. Organic. Smiles.

Natural. Organic. Smiles. A school bell rang in the distance. Birds shot up through the sky, breaking the clouds like whips in the wind. I glanced up and watched them, smiled at them. To be free and soaring was an electronic dream.

Sounds. Oxygen. Breaths.

Sounds. Oxygen. Breaths. I heard everything. Saw it all. Pings of energy and data pulled my attention forward at the school just yards in front of me. Doors opened. Kids ran free.

"All right, class! Single file, please! Don't break the lines, now!"

Lines. Single file.

Lines. Single file. These were the words my internal device latched on to as I waited outside Harris Elementary. It wasn't because the words were repeated amongst the first-grade teachers, or because I caught them in passing. Rather, because I didn't abide by them.

That life. A constant order.

While the young children scurried behind each other, lazily making lines that weren't straight, the Androids to my left were just as the students were expected to be.

In line. Single filed. And in constant order.

Their programming didn't allow any different.

The humans to my right were the opposite—free, organic, full of life and sounds.

As excited giggles filled the air over the school's final bell, I glanced over at the bots I was easily compared to. Their faces looked human enough. Bodies were no different. Some smiled and waved, as programmed, to the family child they were permitted to retrieve. Others stood, awaiting commands, as most Androids would do.

I, on the other hand, neither waved nor remained still. I was relaxed, leaned back against a tree. My hands were pressed into the pockets of my jeans. And my sweater, with its hoodie loose around my shoulders, hid the Bionics symbol on the side of my neck. It was the one mark on my body that made me just like the droids at my side—robotic property.

The memories installed inside my hard drive allowed me to hide it, blend in, and feel different. Like the parents at my right.

Human.

Human. Data analyzed.

Data analyzed. "Can't I go?" a young voice whined. "I see Peter over there!"

Peter.

Peter. Pushing off the tree, I smiled as I caught sight of the red-headed little girl that called me everything but an android . My sensors made out her face. My computer outlined her image with her data, name, age, and weight.

android

But I didn't need the extra information. I knew my sister anywhere. And could spot her in the storm of children without trouble.

She locked eyes with mine, and her face lit up with happiness. I grinned, shrugged, and my hoodie moved an inch from my neck. The Androids beside me reacted, eyes on me.

Bionic property.

Bionic property. "Wendy!" I called out her name and waved my hand. "Let's go home!"

"Peter Pan!" Despite the line she was ordered to stand in, and the teacher who tried her hardest to keep her still, Wendy ran to me. Her pink sweater blew in the wind, her backpack slid down off her shoulders. Once she crossed the playground, she leaped over that line meant to divide human parents and Android assistants and came right into my outstretched arms.

The teacher shouted for her return, stomping in our direction. But Wendy, with her big smile, shook her head. Her small hands fixed my hoodie to hide my symbol. And the Androids looked away.

Synching connection lost.

Synching connection lost. "Hey, little Lost Girl." I tapped Wendy's nose. "Been waiting out here for you."

"Good." Wendy giggled. "Can we go to Neverland now? School's boring."

" Wendy Carter Morales! "

Wendy Carter Morales! I glanced at the teacher as she approached. My computers identified her, too:

Michelle Williams, thirty-nine, twice divorced with no children.

Rather than humor the woman, I gave Wendy my full attention. Her green eyes shimmered in the sunlight. "Don't say that. You need school," I said with a smile. "What would you do if you didn't have school?"

"I don't know." Wendy scrunched her nose. "Fight pirates."

I couldn't help my laugh, but there was no escaping Ms. Williams as she too crossed the border between Android and humans. She bore no smile on her face. Frustration pressed lines around her lips. And with her hands on her hips, she looked me up and down, trying to spot my Bionics symbol. "You..." she huffed.

Wendy slid down my chest and stood beside me, her small hand grabbing mine. Despite the angry eyes from her never-happy teacher, I glanced over at the droids who followed orders. The students who were in line had finally been given permission to move, and their respective bots stepped forward. An array of " How was your day? " filled the air in various voices.

How was your day? If I could puke, now would've been the time.

"What is your identification number?" Ms. Williams stood directly in front of me, breathing hard out of her nose.

My gaze slid over her face, and my internal computer reacted. Her temperature spiked, her emotions up with it. I didn't need my Android mechanics to know she was upset; I had common sense. And her cheeks were beet red.

"Ms. Williams—" I forced a smile. Wendy gripped my hand tight. "—what seems to be the issue today?"

"Issue?" Ms. Williams took a step back to get a better look at me. "You're bypassing commands and pulling children out from class early."

I lifted my brow and fought the urge to laugh. "Early? Class is over, Ms. Williams. And how am I bypassing commands? We've gone over this. I don't receive commands."

"Well, you should." The woman's brow knitted close together. "A free-roaming Android isn't safe for society. The likes of you are..." She paused and glanced down at Wendy with curious, saddened eyes.

This happened daily—the belittling, berating interrogation. And yet, the woman always looked at Wendy for confirmation. Because my little sister was a human, with a mind and a soul, able to react on thought and reason. Ms. Williams always ignored the fact that, despite my build-up and metal interior, I could do the same.



That I, too, was once a human being, just as they were. Death and cybernetic recreation made me no different. At least, not in my eyes.

"Wendy." Ms. Williams face softened. "Because of everything going on right now, every android needs a command. It's the only way Bionics can track them. Can't have them just breaking on the street, now, can we? Haven't your parents watched the news? Have you?"

Not this. Not now.

Not this. Not now. "Ms. Williams, I think this is unnecessary..." I said.

"Oh?" The older woman looked at me. "How can you assure me that you won't attack the androids out here? What kind of commands did your parents give you this morning?"

parents "None. But with or without commands, I'm no different than them." I pointed at the androids who walked with their anchored children, then I pursed my lips and sighed. I looked at Ms. Williams. "Or you."

She folded her arms over her chest. "I beg to differ," she said, then dropped her voice to a whisper, "because there's no possibility that I'd wake up in the morning and kill people in my house. That's an android thing."

A hard puff of air pushed out from my nose. I didn't breathe, but the physical reaction was fitting. This woman bothered me, and regardless of the emotions I was permitted to express under my Bionics contract, I couldn't hide it.

I forced a smile and narrowed my gaze. "I guess you don't watch crime dramas, do you, Ms. Williams?"

The woman's mouth opened. Jaw dropped. I wanted to laugh because boom, point for me.

boom, "Hello?" Wendy tugged at my arm and stomped one foot against the grass. When Ms. Williams looked at her, she said, "Javi doesn't get commands. He's free."

Ms. Williams pursed her lips and tried to look apologetic. "He's an android, sweetie. All Androids receive commands. And we can't risk having him endangering real people out here."

I looked down and at Wendy's big, green eyes. Instantly, my emotions faded away, while my computer told me hers. She wasn't frustrated or annoyed, but determined and strong-willed. No spikes in her normal exterior. So, when she smiled, I smiled, too.

"He isn't an android," Wendy said as she tugged at my hand again. "He's Peter Pan."

Ms. Williams shook her head. "Peter Pan is a character in a book, Wendy. He isn't Peter Pan."

"Yes, he is." Wendy looked back at her teacher, and for a moment, her data fuzzed out of clarity. Confused, I shook my head and tried to clear it. Wendy didn't notice and kept talking. "Peter Pan never gets old, never follows rules, and always cares about his lost boys—"

"Wendy..." Ms. Williams closed her eyes.

"—and that's exactly who Javi is. He doesn't get old, doesn't care about your rules, and cares about me."

Silence fell over us. The androids were gone, a few students wandered the playground. Teachers had conversations near the door that I couldn't hear unless I tried. But I didn't want to. Once my data cleared and my computers stabilized, I looked back at Ms. Williams and smiled. Because the look on her face meant she couldn't argue with Wendy.

The little girl had won.

Point for you, too, Lost Girl.

Point for you, too, Lost Girl. "Can you just have your parents call me, please?" Ms. Williams asked. Before turning around, she looked at me. "I'd tell your brother, but he doesn't seem to want to accept commands."

brother, "Or, you could just ask me," I said as Wendy handed me her backpack, unbothered. "You know, like a person. A human being."

Ms. Williams froze for a second, just as the clouds swam over the sky. I saw her face in different shades, different hues, but once the shadows were freed from the space, I saw sadness in her eyes. And that sadness danced around the brown flecks that darkened with each passing second.

Regret. Guilt.

Regret. Guilt. I blinked, stepped back, and wanted to say something. Yet, the second I could, she ignored me, turning back towards the school. "Please..." She glanced at Wendy before leaving. "Have them call me. And have a good day, sweetie."

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





02 || T W O




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. " I've got no choice but to agree with everyone, even if I don't want to..."

I've got no choice but to agree with everyone, even if I don't want to..." I've got no choice but to agree with everyone, even if I don't want to..." *

* Do you know what's the worst thing about being alive? Being reminded that you shouldn't be.

That was my life. A living memory.

Bionics Pharmaceuticals may have been based in our small town and made it seem big, but it wasn't. Our population had few zeroes, and the number of people who moved in was less than that. Seven out of ten people knew me when I was alive. Seven out of ten people couldn't accept me in death.

alive. Wendy was that exception. She came into my life after my creation, because the ones who'd requested me couldn't deal with my false life. But our introduction was perfect in Wendy's young mind, and after four years of living with our family, her love for me only grew.

I was her big brother, android or not. My unconventional immortality only made me the perfect Peter Pan in her eyes. And maybe it was because she saw herself as a real lost girl that she had created the fantasy. But who was I to take that from her?

It was nice to know that even in this state someone could love me.

Because everyone else gave up so easily.

"Can I have a peanut butter sandwich?" Wendy asked as we reached the walkway to our house. Her eyes sparkled as she looked at me. "I'm starving."

"Just peanut butter?" I laughed and shook my head. "No jelly?"

Wendy giggled, but before she could answer, we both looked at our front door. My laugh died instantly, my smile with it. Wendy, however, squealed in delight and rushed forward. Her small arms went around a part of my past that had let me go so fast, it hurt the most.

Mary.

Mary. Clearing my throat, I fixed my hoodie and hid my Bionics mark. "Hey, Mar," I said with a weak smile.

"Hi, Javi." Mary's smile was just like mine as she swooped down and lifted Wendy in her arms. She gave her the biggest hug, eyes still on me. "How are you?" she asked.

Her questions used to make me happy, made something react inside me. Because before I died, before her parents put in the request to rebuild me, she loved me more than anyone else in this world could.

something And I know I loved her just as much.

Parts of me felt it, memories rekindled by electrical sparks in my computer systems. I'd look at her, her dark brown skin and long, curly hair, and just watch the memories we'd share pass over my eye, like movie reels rimmed with happiness. Mary had been the love of my life and knowing she couldn't live without me would make me feel special.

Now, I felt like that old toy you had in your childhood. The one rebranded and rebooted for a new generation. You buy it because it brought back memories from when you were young, happy. But then you realize it isn't the same, something's different, and it ends up in the back of your closet.



Ignored. Unwanted. And discarded.

"I'm fine." Pushing aside the sparks I called feelings, I stood straight and fixed my sleeves. "Just picked Wendy up from school. She wants a peanut butter sandwich."

"Just peanut butter?" Mary's eyes crinkled at the corners as she smiled down at Wendy, placing her back down on her feet. When Wendy nodded, Mary laughed and shook her head. "You know, Javi used to eat his sandwiches like that."

Did I?

Did I? My hands pressed into my pockets as I walked towards them. Their outlines danced in my vision, almost merging, as I got closer.

"I know." Wendy nodded, tapping her ID band against our door. The front lock responded to the small, pink bracelet, and she opened it with ease. "That's why I like it."

I watched as Wendy went inside and I half expected Mary to go in with her. But when she didn't and looked at me instead, I froze. Confused. That feeling increased when she stepped down from the single-step and stood in front of me. Her curls blew in the wind. "How are you?" she asked again.

Analyzing data.

Analyzing data. "What?" My brows shot up, and I pulled my bottom lip between my teeth. "Are you asking me ? Or are you asking the computers that power me?"

me Mary's temperature spiked, but it always did. My sensors went nuts with her, detecting every emotional fluctuation she'd have. She was one of the two people who felt happiness, sadness, and anger all at once when looking at me.

My mother was the other.

"Your computers." Mary's honesty hit hard. I felt it before my systems could even attempt to process the information. "I'm here to screen you, but... I can't."

"Why?" My question was meant to be asked twice.

Why are you asking my computers... and not me?

Why are you asking my computers... and not me? Why can't you screen me like you're meant to do?

Why can't you screen me like you're meant to do? But Mary knew. She knew me better than anyone else. Lifting her chin, she pointed past me, behind me, and I followed the tip of her finger until I looked back at the road. I hadn't noticed her car parked just across the street. I also hadn't noticed her assistant bot, Rory, in the front seat with both of his hands on the steering wheel.

Seeing him, I smiled and waved. But he didn't wave back. And it hit me... I couldn't feel him, sync with him.

feel sync Every Bionics android shared data on sight, right?

Why aren't you syncing, Ror?

Why aren't you syncing, Ror? "There's a hiccup going around," Mary said as I stood straight and faced her car. I wanted to walk towards it and talk to him. But there was something about the look on his face, the color in his eyes. What was once bright, ocean blue was now... red.

Analyzing data.

Analyzing data. Mary moved beside me. "I don't know if you've heard about it yet. It's on the news, but they aren't reporting it right... as usual." She sighed and shook her head. "There's an error somewhere in the main system affecting a lot of droids. Rory, too. Poor guy..."

When she said his name, Rory finally turned his head to look in our direction. I saw the corner of his lips lift, but it wasn't natural. It was robotic. Mechanical. And for Rory to be so... android... wasn't good. He was the reason I could exist.

android... He The first android with a "Human Code." The first android who could think, react, feel.

A human... just like me.

A human... just like me.

I turned my head to ask Mary a question about it, but the second we locked eyes, it was as though she knew what I would say. "Dad's been trying to figure out the bug." She smiled. "But until then, we're checking on every droid in the city. Need to see who's affected and who's not."

"Right..." Pulling my hands from my pockets, I moved and faced her. With a weak smile, I moved one finger towards her face, her chin. She let me place it under her soft, warm skin, and when she looked up into my eyes, I held her gaze. Saw her emotions. And realized...

I shouldn't have done that. The letters in my vision went out of control.

Unable to process data.

Unable to process data. "I needed to see if you're okay," Mary whispered, inching forward.

Inside the house, Wendy called for us. " Mary! Javi! "

Mary! Javi! "Why wouldn't I be okay?" I whispered. "It's just a hiccup, right?"

We were close, too close. Her nose touched mine. Red brushed across her cheeks like paint on a canvas. And I admired the beauty, her art.

Her mouth parted, just a bit, and I felt her breath hit my lips. I did the same, pushing air out from my core and let its warmth touch her skin. But that warmth wasn't real heat, and a tightness gripped my chest.

My reaction was programmed, copied. I didn't need to breathe. That breath wasn't real.

I... wasn't real.

Error in battery levels detected.

Error in battery levels detected. Mary drew back, hands on her head. Taking in the biggest breath anyone ever could, she forced a smile on her face. The edges dipped. And a nervous laugh slipped past her lips. "I can't do the screening, because Rory's affected, too. And because of your layout, I need him... I can't compare sensors without a computer just like you."

"What?" I looked back at Rory and noticed he hadn't moved still, nor had he dropped that odd, eerie smile. The red in his eyes seemed to shimmer in a way that almost scared me. But I couldn't feel that way about my friend. I knew his loneliness, as he knew mine. "Will he be okay?"

Mary dropped her arms and shrugged. "I'm sure he will... I'm having him with me as a precaution," she said. "You know, just in case."

Just in case he attacked others, too?

Just in case he attacked others, too? I nodded, taking in what she'd said. "Can't you screen him manually?" I tried to smile. A hopeful look. "Or me?"

Will I attack people, Mar?

Will I attack people, Mar? Her eyes darkened. My computers reacted as they should.

Sadness. Regret. Guilt.

Sadness. Regret. Guilt. My internal device latched onto those words.

And suddenly, I was the guilty one.

"I can't, and you know I can't. Just..." Mary glanced back through the open front door and heaved out the biggest sigh. I saw her eyes shimmer, but with tears.

Battery at ninety percent.

Battery at ninety percent. My hands balled into tight fists. "Mar..."

"Just have your parents call me, okay?" Mary stood in front of me before sidestepping off onto the lawn. "They have my number."

No, not this again.

No, not this again. I reached out to grab her, take her hand in mine, but she stepped back. With her head down, she avoided the look on my face; the sadness in my eyes. Swiftly, she side-stepped onto the front lawn before walking across the street. I watched her get into her car, power on the ignition. Not once did she look back at me to say goodbye.

Data saved.

Data saved. "Javi!" Wendy stood at the door and leaned against its frame. Her smile dropped when I looked at her. "Where's Mary?" she asked. "Did she need to leave?"

"Yeah." There was one good thing about being an Android, just one. I couldn't dwell on emotions, because as real as they felt, they weren't. Just programmed reactions, internal sparks.

I pushed down my sadness and forced a smile. "She'll be back soon, okay?"

Wendy nodded and reached to grab my hand. When I took it, I turned her around once with a princess spin—quick enough to make her giggle—and asked, "So, how about that sandwich?"

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





03 || T H R E E




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "There's not much I can do as a machine, right?"

"There's not much I can do as a machine, right?" "There's not much I can do as a machine, right?" *

* Wendy had fallen asleep right after her Peter Pan stories. She made me read them to her every night because they put her at ease. And once she'd shut her eyes and grab her stuffed bunny, I'd wander into the living room to charge for the night.

The night's end was normally a time of peace for me. The late hours allowed me some silence. Solace. It was my only moment to run on minimal power. I'd sink into my lowest setting, let darkness wrap around me, and charge. Think. Dream. Like sleep.

But tonight was different.

The news had been stirring the pot of tension in our house, and Mary's sudden arrival brought it to a boil. I knew it wasn't intentional—she cared. But knowing Rory, the android I was based on, was also affected by the "hiccup" made my parents uneasy. Worried. Terrified. Their emotions filled the house more than usual, and rather than charge and wait for morning, I stood outside the kitchen door.

With my back pressed against the dark wall that hid me with its partnered shadows, I listened. And tried not to feel like I should.

Sad. Neglected. Property.

Sad. Neglected. Property. "And what did Mary say?" my mother cried. "She came all this way to check him because they're breaking, Juan. They're out there attacking people! Breaking! Dying!"

"Amorcito, please, relax. You'll wake Wendy..." My father always tried to be the reasonable one, but even this time I heard it in his voice—fear. The emotion that echoed louder than his words.

"Have you seen the news? Some don't go back home. They get their commands and leave, but never go back. And Bionics can't track Javier! What if—"

"Linda..."

"—what if he goes out to get Wendy and doesn't come back? What if we lose Wendy, too? What if he hurts her? I... I can't lose her, Juan. She's my baby, and if I lose another child in my life, I'll... "

" Break. Crumble. Die.

Break. Crumble. Die. My internal device filled in the words my mother couldn't say. She never did.

I remembered when I first woke from my android state and walked to her, she was happy. She cried. She held me. Her fingers dug into my artificial skin until the fibers turned red, and her tears of joy exploded because I was so human .

human I was her son .

son But it took just two years for that happiness to fade. Because all of my memories never installed correctly, and no matter how close I was to my living life, I wasn't her baby . I was a "shell with his face, plastic with his skin, and God shouldn't have allowed this creation."

my baby "shell with his face, plastic with his skin, and God shouldn't have allowed this creation." That's what she had said to me.

Yet, as I pressed my head back against the wall and looked up at the ceiling, I felt that stinging, regretful love of hers. Whatever afflicted Bionics' androids scared her.



I wanted to tell her I wasn't dangerous. That I'd never let anything happen to Wendy. Though my love may have appeared artificial, it was real. She was my sister, just as much as she was their daughter. Bionics created or legally adopted, we were family.

And families stick together.

And families stick together. "Amor, mira..." My father's voice returned stronger, and I had to look. Turning my head to peer inside the kitchen, I watched him just as he cupped my mother's face. It was wet with tears, cheeks tomato red. My father brushed his thumbs just under her eyes.

"Juan..." She sucked in another cry and shook her head.

But my father had more to say. To keep her calm. My sensors detected his range of emotions—guilty, apologetic, remorseful. "We lost Javi a long time ago, mi vida. Bionics tried and failed. Our boy is gone."

What...

What... My mother's brown hair slapped her face as she shook her head with such force, I thought the room moved with her. Fresh tears slid down her face. Her cries turned into loud hiccups. "Juan, he..."

"Listen to me, it's fine. I know you care about him. I do, too. But you can't even look at him. He calls you and you walk by. You hide, Linda."

I pressed my fingers so hard into the palms of my hands, it should've hurt. But it didn't. None of the sparks reacted. My sensors were dormant. Computers on standby.

sparks Have I gone numb? Shock?

Have I gone numb? Shock? "If Mary can fix him, we'll let her. And if she can't, and her father doesn't find anything to save the program, then we'll finally let go, okay? We can say goodbye."

That hiccup. That cry. "Juan, no, I—"

"Linda."

I moved away from the door just as my father leaned close to my mother and pulled her close with a tight hug. The sensors in my head couldn't react. Color exploded throughout my vision. With my head down and my hands over my eyes, I tried to press away the malfunction with my fingertips, but it didn't help. Static buzzed in my head.

I was breaking, wasn't I? Infected? And they were willing to let go.

My internal device couldn't latch on to those thoughts, but my heart did. That tightness returned in my chest and I looked up at the ceiling again, staring at lines that weren't straight. I watched them wave, change, and zigzag into clarity.

And when I looked back down, I caught sight of my mother standing in the doorway. Her hands were over her mouth, eyes wide with shock. Turning my face away, I couldn't look at her, just as she never looked at me.

"Javi..." she whispered, taking a step towards me. "How long have you been here?"

No response. No words. No reaction.

Her hand touched my cheek and my shoulders moved back. "Why aren't you charging?" she asked me. "I know you aren't like the others, but we can't take that chance. Just charge... please."

"Mom." I lifted just my eyes to look at her. "You just said it... I'm not like the others."

"Javi..." My mother's hand fell from my face and she stepped back.

"I'm here, I'm real," I told her. "You don't have to be worried. Or afraid."

My father stepped out of the kitchen, his hands in the pockets of his pajama pants. His curls fell over his eyes, unkempt and tired, just like the look he gave me. For the first time since my creation, none of my computers reacted to tell me how he felt.



I was lost.

"Listen to your mother," he said with a weak smile. "I know you don't need the charge, but we like it when you do. Keeps us..."

need "Safe?" I stood straight and bit the insides of my cheeks.

My father shook his head as he took in a deep breath. "Javier, mira, now is not the time. I'll call Mary to come back when she can to look at you, make sure you're okay—"

"She can't, dad." I forced my words through gritted teeth. "She needs a droid to do it, and without one... she can't."

"—But until then, I need you to charge and take extra good care of yourself. Please. For your mother. For Wendy."

For my mother. Wendy. What about him? Did he not care anymore?

For my mother. Wendy. What about him? Did he not care anymore? We stared at each other for too long, the silence affecting each of us in different ways. He was first to leave, huffing out his frustrations the only way he could, and made his way upstairs to their bedroom. My mother was next, but her movements were slower. Reluctant. She had to touch me before she did.

"Mom... I'm right here. I'm still the same," I whispered, my hand on hers as she pressed her fingers against my chest. I knew she looked for a heartbeat. A real one. But the quiet thumping from my artificial organ wasn't it. "Mom, listen..."

real She didn't. Her eyes met mine before she shook her head and pressed her lips into a thin line to keep from crying. But that couldn't stop her tears. One fell from her eye, and the three followed. I tried to keep her hand in mine, to keep her with me, but she pulled free from my grip. Her quick steps took her upstairs.

No goodnight. No love you, mijo. Just... silence.

love you, mijo. And I couldn't do it. My sensors exploded again. A ringing sound went off in my ears. A sound so loud, I dropped to my knees. "Ama..." My voice was strained as I called out for my mother. "Ama... please... come back..."

She wouldn't come back. That touch, that final look, was the start of her goodbye. I knew it.

What I didn't know was... we weren't alone.

When I finally composed myself and regained control over every device in my body, I looked up. Wendy, with a blanket in one hand, sat at the top of the steps. Even in the dark shadows, I could see the tears in her eyes. She'd heard everything they'd said, I'd said. And I couldn't let her think our family was crumbling. Not like this.

Without saying a word, I rushed up the stairs and scooped her up in my arms. Her gentle cries touched my shoulders as she grabbed me and held me close. Small fingers gripped the collar of my shirt.

And as my mind raced with memories that once were—happy days, barbeques outside, laughter that echoed in the wind—I tapped into my communications. Passing the hundreds of names pre-programmed in my systems almost made me crumble with Wendy in my arms because none of them could help. I only needed one person. I always needed her.

She can fix anything.

She can fix anything. Numbers slid across the side of my vision as I gave myself an internal command. "Call Mary."

With wide eyes, Wendy shook her head. It was late at night and no one should ever call anyone too late, or too early—that's what she always said. But there was no going around it this time.

" Processing command. Calling Mary Jordan."

Processing command. Calling Mary Jordan." Rather than go to Wendy's room, I took us into mine. With her still in my arms, I dropped down in my desk chair and stared at the walls. Stared at the posters of the games I used to love, of movies I'd watch on repeat. They were the material interests I stopped caring about long ago.

But this family... my "life"... it mattered more than the framed college degrees I'd never use.

Ring, ring.

Ring, ring. Wendy pulled back and looked in my eyes. Forcing a smile, I brushed tears off of her face.

Ring, ring.

Ring, ring. "Peter?" Wendy's hands wound her blanket tight. "Maybe... she's sleeping. Maybe..."

Sighing, I couldn't help but agree. I shouldn't have expected an answer. Honestly, I was content with leaving a voicemail. But when Mary's groggy voice echoed in my head as the call connected, I stopped. Wendy caught my expression change and widened her eyes. "Peter, is she...?"

Mary's voice was quiet in my ears. "Javi, are you...?"

Nodding at Wendy's question, I closed my eyes tight. Because I couldn't give Mary a non-verbal response. In order to help me, she needed to hear me. And I said the first honest sentence that came to mind. "Fix me."

hear





*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





04 || F O U R




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "It's hard to convince others of the truth, especially when they can't see past the surface."

"It's hard to convince others of the truth, especially when they can't see past the surface." "It's hard to convince others of the truth, especially when they can't see past the surface." *

* Fix me.

Fix me. How many Androids reported their own faults? Defects? None.

Most would function until the very second they couldn't, never admitting to the defects in their core. It wasn't their fault. Androids were designed to work until their batteries died. After that, Bionics would just scoop them up and replace them, no questions asked.

But I couldn't wait until the last minute. And I refused to be replaced.

Not like they can replace me...

Not like they can replace me... When I was created, it didn't take me long to understand that I was special. One of a kind. A perfectly built android, closer to human than ever designed before, I was Bionics' key to the future. And yet, while my future with the company was set in stone, my life at home hung by a thread. Because as fast as I had learned to accept myself, my parents decided I wasn't what they'd needed, after all. There was no choice but to accept that, too.

My recreation hadn't been for my existence, but theirs. They may have let me go, but when they added Wendy into our family mix, I couldn't focus on the negatives. The bright-eyed girl with fairy tale dreams was a new positive. My existence became hers, too.

Being broken meant I was a hazard to her, and I couldn't live with that.

Mary had to fix me.

And after an hour on the phone, discussing the pros and cons of manual screenings without a functional assistant bot, I knew she could... or she'd at least try. Trying was better than waiting.

Mary agreed to return the next afternoon. For me, that was fine. My mornings consisted of cleaning, cooking breakfast, and taking Wendy to school. Meaning I'd have distractions to keep my mind away from negatives until she came by.

Or at least, I thought I would.

As Wendy and I walked down the sunny street, I couldn't help but watch the androids nearby. Some mowed the lawns of their respective houses. Others walked their owners' pets. Fully functioning without a hiccup in sight.

Yet, some remained outside, standing on their porches, not moving.

Frozen. Dormant. Off.

Frozen. Dormant. Off. I stared at them for so long, I nearly crossed the next street without looking.

"Peter!" Wendy's hand gripped mine tight as I took a step forward. Though she was small, she managed to stop me and pulled me back. "Be careful!"

I looked down at her. Her eyes were wide with shock. Trying to smile at her and assure her I'd made a mistake wouldn't work. I was Peter Pan, and he never made mistakes. That's what she truly believed.



Still, I smiled and stepped back on the curb I shouldn't have moved from. The red hand across the street flashed for a second before changing. With a gentle pull forward, I got her to walk with me. "I was excited, that's all," I lied as best I could.

"For what?" Wendy asked, adjusting the strap of her backpack. "It's only Tuesday."

"Well, do you know what else Tuesdays are good for?" My smile widened. When she dipped her head down in thought, I glanced back at the androids now a block away. Still, they hadn't moved. And I couldn't pick up on their sensors.

Broken. Infected. Useless.

Broken. Infected. Useless. "Oh!" Wendy's squeal caught my attention, and I glanced down at her as we walked. "I know!"

"Go on." I nodded, urging her to tell me. "What do you think?"

The white outline from my computers surrounded her, and every sensor reacted. My internal devices picked up on happiness, on hunger, and on the pure imagination only children could possess. I couldn't help but laugh as she hopped and bounced, her digital silhouette moving with her.

Then, she moved close, head against my arm. With her eyes focused on me, pressed into eager slits, she whispered, so excitedly, "Tacos!"

Tacos were right. Who could deny a good taco on a beautiful Tuesday like today? No one. So, as we continued forward onto the next street, I nodded and agreed. "You're right," I said with a laugh. "Tacos."

"Best food on the planet." Wendy giggled as her school came into view. "I love all kinds—"

Her feet kicked at the curb as I caught another frozen droid on a street corner. Its eyes were red, wide, and focused on the sky above. The Bionics symbol was branded on its neck, like mine, and when I focused on it, I tried to sync our data together. Yet... nothing happened.

"—hard shells and soft shells—"

I looked behind us and saw two others. These two faced each other. Again, no sensors. No signals.

"—chicken and beef—"

My fingers tightened around Wendy's hand as I looked ahead at the school, at the students that ran around the playground. The teachers watched them with the help of human security. But they weren't my concern. The droids assigned to help them were.

Only, they weren't like the ones we had passed. These androids were walking, talking, and behaving just fine. My sensors synced with every single one of their commands.

Order. Play. Assist.

Order. Play. Assist. Wendy tugged at my hand. "Are we having tacos today?" I looked down at her and she continued, "I'd really like some tacos. Lots of cheese. Can I have hot peppers, too?"

Wendy was always a ray of sunshine, beating that large star in the sky every time. I couldn't help my smirk. "Sure thing, Lost Girl." Leaning down, I gave her a hug. A tight one. "I'll have all the tacos and cheese already made when you get back home."

She pulled back and giggled, touching the sides of my face. After, her small hands adjusted my hood and covered my Bionics symbol. Fingers neatly patted down the folds. "You promise?" She batted those green eyes. "Like, pinky promise?"

The highest of all promises.

The highest of all promises. Linking our pinky fingers together, I nodded, just as I moved our hands up and down. "Don't I always?"

|||

||| I reminded myself I was always the good guy. In life, I was the best son, greatest boyfriend. After my recreation, I was the model android, an image of perfection. But walking back down the street, over to the small grocery store nearby, the malfunctioning droids around the neighborhood reminded me my days were limited. A hiccup could hit at any minute, any second. Because my immortality wasn't promised, I couldn't take it for granted.

immortality Nothing was for certain in life, not even for a droid. Yet, I couldn't allow that feeling to get me down.

The grocery store's lively chime welcomed me as I walked through its automatic doors. Its cashier glanced at me but quickly looked away. The newspaper in her hands covered her face. On the front page, in large bold font, read, " Androids attack. Mayor reacts. Are we safe?"

Androids attack. Mayor reacts. Are we safe?" The smile I would've given her dropped instantly.

In the aisle over was a stocker, one who looked up at me when I'd walked in. Unlike the cashier, this young man smiled and waved, a can in his hand.

My sensors pinpointed his location. And his identity:

Will Matthews, age twenty-three, part-time stocker at Benardo's market.

With a weak smile of my own, I waved back and approached him. Every android needed to confirm their orders to businesses. It was the only way Bionics could monitor and keep tabs of occurrences. Since I was never given orders or commands, I lied. Every time.

"Morning, Will," I said to the man still crouched over his box. "I'm here for simple groceries. Nothing more. Payment would be charged to the Morales account, built into my band." I showed him the black bracelet around my wrist. "May I proceed?"

"Sure, man." Will laughed and rubbed the dirt off his knees as he stood. He glanced over my shoulder, at the cashier I'd passed, before looking back at me. "You know you don't bother me at all."

"I know." I shrugged, looking back, just as he'd done. The cashier with the newspaper peered at me just over its open pages . "I have to confirm my orders. Per Bionics law, I—"

. "I know, I get it." Will shifted to one side and allowed me space to pass down the aisle. "But I know you remember I don't care."

When I looked back at Will, I smiled. He knew me when I was alive. Back in the day, I was his "big brother" for parks and recreation. Had him shadow me all through his high school years, picked him up on the weekends, and tutored him, too. He was a good kid... and grew up into a great adult. Unlike the many others, he didn't care about my current predicament. The fist bump we gave each other after only solidified it.

predicament. Shaking his hand after his knuckles hit my metal fist, he laughed. "Random, but you think you can ever teach me to throw like you used to?" he asked as I walked by him. "You know, that football arm?"

"I can try," I said with a shrug, answering him as honestly as best as I could. "Doubt it'd be the same, though."

"Is anything the same?" He shrugged too, and lightly kicked his box of cleaning products. "I think it'd just be cool."

It would be cool. Who was I to pass that up?

"Why not?" I laughed and pulled my hands out of my pockets. Slowly, and reluctantly, I adjusted my hood and revealed my Bionics symbol. The cameras needed to see it. Reminding me of my place in society. "I'll come by and get you when I can."

"Deal." Will gave me a firm nod.

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





05 || F I V E




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Sometimes I wish my 'surface' didn't cover wounds so deep."

"Sometimes I wish my 'surface' didn't cover wounds so deep." "Sometimes I wish my 'surface' didn't cover wounds so deep." *

* " I have an assembly today! It looks fun!" Wendy's sudden text message flashed over my eyes as the doorbell rang. I snorted and shook my head because Wendy knew better than to text me during school. But I knew assemblies had to be fun. And she needed it after the other night.

I have an assembly today! It looks fun!" Be happy, little Lost Girl.

Be happy, little Lost Girl. Crossing the front living room of our house, I wrapped my hand around the doorknob, turned, and pulled. As the door opened, I said out loud to my internal commands, "Open communications—"

Mary stood on the front step, Rory at her side. He wasn't dressed in an android suit like he normally would. He looked as casual as me; a hoodie and jeans, and a frown for days.

"—text Wendy. Reply, you've got to tell me all about it later. "

you've got to tell me all about it later. Mary's eyebrows shot up high. She gave Rory one side-glance as the wind blew her hair in her face. When she brushed away loose strands of curly hair, she shook her head. "What are you doing?" she asked me.

I let out air and stepped aside, allowing them the room to walk into my house. Once inside, I cleared my throat and shut the door. I sighed. "Close communications."

"Can't you do that in your head?" Mary mumbled as she placed the bag she'd carried on the black coffee table beside the couch. Without looking back at me, she popped it open. My eyes caught the shimmer of the manual tools neatly placed inside. She pulled out a thin tablet next.

For a second, I admired her. Red always looked lovely on her, even in its simplest form. The tee was loose, but fit right. Her hair, forever long, draped over her shoulders. I couldn't help the smile that inched up my face.

Until it hit me.

Manual tools.

Manual tools. My eyes slid over to Rory.

Assistant bot.

Assistant bot. "Mar?" Leaning against the door, I stared at Rory, who couldn't—or wouldn't—look at me, just like the day before. His eyes were glued to the space in front of him, his hands in his pockets. I moved an inch forward to try and grab his attention, but his red eyes wouldn't turn my way.

My emotions crashed into the pit of my artificial stomach.

"What?" Mary, without looking at me, pulled out the devices she'd need to give me a scan. Each was placed evenly across the table.

I sucked on my teeth before standing beside Rory. His Bionics symbol was behind his ear, more discreet than mine, but when I looked at it, nothing happened, like yesterday. A growl slipped out from me and I couldn't help it. "Mar, you said you'd do this manually."



Setting up her tablet, Mary nodded. Again, she didn't look at me. "I am," she said.

"Yeah?" I looked at Rory again. His blond hair was a mess, lines around his eyes. I'd never seen an android appear sick before, not a day in my life. And to know that this hiccup affected him like this , meant if it hit me, I would be no different. "Then why is Rory here?"

appear this "I wanted to be," Rory spoke. His voice was quieter than it should've been. But it was there. And when he turned his head to look at me, I saw the same tone in his eyes. Even though he smiled. "I wanted to help."

"Ror..." I couldn't smile with him. I knew in this state he wouldn't be much help; not to me, not to himself. And if he ended up like those androids outside, I wouldn't be able to live with myself. The fact that Mary allowed him to leave his Bionics center was just...

"I know what you're thinking, and it's fine. To be truthful, Javi, I agree." Rory faced me and pulled his hands out from the pockets of his hoodie. "But if there's anyone who knows your internal makeup like Mary, it's me. And you know a screening—whether digital or manual—requires a dual control of computer processors. Without me—"

I can't be scanned. I knew that's what he was going to say. Because I knew it, too. But Mary had been persistent the night before... an android diagnostic scan requires two bots with the same internal core.

He needs to be here.

He needs to be here. "I tried to talk him out of it. But he was adamant about being here with you." Mary came beside the two of us.

"To help," Rory said, placing one hand on my shoulder. "Before I can't."

My sensors sparked, but my vision fizzled out of clarity. I heard him. And for a second, synced with him.

Maybe he isn't that broken...

Maybe he isn't that broken... "So, if you can just sit down, Javi, we can get started." Mary reached out to grab my arm. Looking down at her hand, I watched her fingers slide until they reached mine. And I wasn't sure whether to grab hold back or just do as she said.

|||

||| Manual checks weren't easy. And if you weren't up to date with droid mechanics and their latest models, there'd be no way to do it. Each Android—though similar in build and body structure—had an entirely different make-up on the inside.

From a business standpoint, I thought it was stupid. How could you mass-produce products that were just a little different in the end? Bionics head, Malcolm Jordan, had said, " It makes them human, like you and me."

little It makes them human, like you and me." But you couldn't make humans and then treat them differently. That was wrong. There were studies done for years on the human brains and the effects it could have. And maybe because of my own awareness, and the fact that my entire build was far different from the others, that I saw it that way.

humans far Not like anyone would listen to me, anyway. As human as I was, I was still a machine.

human Right?

Right? Yet, with Rory in the same room, I didn't have to cry to deaf ears. Unlike the other androids, he and I were practically the same. Without him, there was no me. And without me... I wonder if he'd ever been created. In a way, Rory and I needed each other more than we'd ever know, but we'd never admit it. That was the human in us, not the machine.

human Leaning back against the couch pillow, those words replayed in my head. Human. Machine.

Human. Machine. And as if my systems needed to confirm it, letters appeared over my vision: cyborg-type, model number AX. Battery type X.

cyborg-type, model number AX. Battery type X.

Computers set to safe mode.

Computers set to safe mode. Inwardly, I groaned.

"Mary, he's ready to be analyzed," Rory said. When I tilted my head back to look at him, he made himself comfortable on the couch opposite mine. He smiled at me and nodded.

But I couldn't help but stare at his red eyes.

"All of his computers were placed in safe mode?" Mary asked him, even though I was right here. "Sensors dormant and ready to—"

"He just said that, Mar," I interrupted her. If there was one thing I hated, it was being talked about as though I weren't present. Mary of all people should've remembered that, and yet... I felt like, now, she did it more than anyone else.

"I know, I..." Mary pursed her lips, tablet in hand. She shot Rory a side-glance before sighing and kneeled beside me. Without another word, she powered on her device, scrolling through files.

Rory and I sat in silence, waiting, watching, as Mary selected the right apps to use for my scan. I could hear the notification chimes, almost feel them. Anticipation. It was like staring at a needle before getting a vaccine... you knew it was coming, the prick of metal hitting skin raving over your arm, but nothing happened. Not yet.

feel "All right... let's see if it's got you, too," Mary said. I watched as she reached into her bag for her scan-detector. The moment her fingers wrapped around it, it powered on and glowed at the sides.

I pressed myself back into the pillows, mentally wishing I didn't have to see it. "Go for it..."

The tips of her fingers sent sparks across my skin as she traced the flesh in search of the incision point. Every Bionics Android had one. "You know... most of the androids who were affected just sort of stopped . As if their batteries died. Not... not what you see on the news."

stopped Opening one eye, I gave her a side-glance.

"But you... I can feel your battery." Her hand pressed down against my skin as she looked up at me. "Your skin pulses with electricity."

"Does it?" I asked, then moved my gaze from hers to Rory's. He watched us the whole time, hands at his sides. I could see his fingers dig into the couch cushions, like a nervous tick.

"It does." Mary's hands gripped the detector just a little harder. "I don't think you're breaking down at all. You could just need an update or a proper reboot, but I don't think it's as bad as the others..."

My brows went up slightly, a small smile lifting my lips. "That's good," I whispered, lifting my head an inch to better see her fingers draw lines over my skin. A small part of me wanted to make a snarky little comment, but one look at Rory and his fidgeting stopped me. "Do you think if... if you see what's going on with me, you can fix Ror?"

Mary lifted just her eyes to look at me. She didn't smile or even blink. But I swore I could hear her gulp, nervous just like the android behind her. "Maybe... but we'll have to get inside to see, okay?"

I glanced at Rory once more, just in time to see him nod. "Sure," I said to Mary as I forced a smile. "I'm ready."

I watched as she lifted the detector rod and pressed it against my skin. The laser—meant to cut through artificial skin without damaging it—was never my favorite tool. It brought back memories I wished I hadn't created. Nights when I'd first stepped off that creation table and was forced into manual checks. No one knew my build, I was one of a kind. And the pain sensors that went off those nights reminded me to stay frozen on this couch.

Because what if it hurt?

But Mary... she was gentle. Hands warm. When she cut through my abdomen and pulled back the flesh, my circuits were exposed to the air. The sound of my core quietly echoed in the room. To my surprise, there was no pain. No shock. It was pleasing to watch.



"Do you know what you're looking for?" I asked.

Slowly sliding her hands up my chest, Mary nodded. "Yeah," she said quietly. "I gave Rory a manual scan last week."

"Did you?" I looked at Rory again as he smiled. "Is that when you learned he—"

"No." Mary shook her head as she dug deeper into my circuits. "He just... I, well..." She stopped for a second and sat back on her legs. She took a second to glance back at Rory, shooting him a weak smile. "Ror, report your diagnostics scan from May 12th."

Rory's red eyes moved in her direction, and he dipped his head to one side. For a second, it looked as though he didn't register the command. And after, I pursed my lips, because his model didn't take commands. So... why give him one?

take Mary let out a quiet sigh. "Please..." she said to him.

"Sure, Mary." Rory leaned forward and relaxed. As though his nervousness slid off him and blew away, his eyes locked onto mine. No smile. No syncing at all. With a clenched jaw, I listened to him as he said, "My systems are normal. Battery at full capacity. What is happening to me isn't a flaw within my computers, rather... something else."

"Something else?" I blinked at him as Mary went back to work. I could hear the laser echo in my ears. "What's something else ?"

something else Rory shrugged.

My brows pulled in close together. "But... your eyes... your..."

"And that's why I'm here," Mary's quiet mumble made me look at her. "He isn't like the others. Yes, I can see it in the androids' batteries or main sensors, but his... are fine. Like yours." She lifted her eyes to look at me. "And since he's your base model, I agreed to come here and look at you."

"Oh..." I frowned. "To fix him? Or me?"

This isn't about me at all, is it?

This isn't about me at all, is it? Mary caught what she'd said, and I could tell by the look on her face... she regretted it. The look in her eyes screamed apology, her body language changed, as though she begged for forgiveness. But I didn't give her the chance to verbally express those feelings.

apology, Shaking my head, I dipped my head back against the couch and stared up at the ceiling.

"Sorry." Regardless, she apologized.

"Don't apologize," I muttered and closed my eyes. "You're not wrong.

"I know, just... sometimes it's easy to forget that you're you ." I felt her hands press against me again. A gentle spark went off near my core, traveling up my skin as it spread throughout my chest. When I opened my eyes again, she brought the tool down towards the opening and tapped a circuit. "You feel what I say," she said.

you feel It'd been a long time since she'd acknowledged that part of me. I turned my gaze back up to the ceiling. "Yeah, well, that only gets me so far, right?"

Mary stopped moving. I could hear the tension in the air as it built up, hovering over us both like a fog.

"It's supposed to get you far." Mary sat back on her legs. "You're—"

"On the verge of breaking, Mar." I looked at her and caught the wide look in her eyes. "I've seen them outside; just done. I've seen the news, too. Do you think I want that? That's why I called you here. Not for you to tell me I'm great, or different. I want you to fix me."

As Mary took in a deep breath, she leaned in and pressed my flesh back in its place. With pressure applied, the tiny nano-bots in my core went to work, and broken skin started to heal. A slow process, one that never felt nice.

I sucked in a breath, a hiss, as Mary looked in my eyes. "Javier, you're perfectly fine," she said.

Was I supposed to feel relieved? Happy? The fact that I was okay today didn't mean I was guaranteed perfect android health tomorrow. All the other droids who broke down were perfectly fine the day before, weren't they?

"If that's the case, wouldn't he be fine, too?" I looked back towards Rory, who no longer paid us any attention. "Right, Ror?" I tried to pull him back in. "Wouldn't you be one-hundred percent?"

Rory rubbed his hands together, eyes focused on the window outside as though he were thinking to himself before he stood.

What's going on in his head?

What's going on in his head? Slowly, I sat up as Mary moved away. "Ror, do you think you can scan something else? Something Mar can't?"

Rory walked across the living room, away from us.

"Rory?" Placing her detector tool back in its place, Mary stood and walked towards her bot. She reached out and touched him. Her fingers grabbed onto the folds of his sweater. When he turned to look at her, he sighed and looked at me instead.

Data compromised. Retry?

Data compromised. Retry? "I don't think I was really needed here today, Mary," he said, without a smile or any sort of emotion. The personality in his voice was almost gone, too.

"What do you mean? You helped me, you doubled checked if his computers were in safe mode and—"

Rory leaned close to her face. And did it fast. The move was so unexpected, I shot up from the couch and almost rushed to cross the room.

Don't attack her!

Don't attack her! But he spoke. And for the first time all day, I synced with his pain. "These were all basic manual steps you could've conducted on your own. Instead, I sat here. I wasted my time. I could've been back at the lab, charging, reconnecting. Instead, I watched as you spoke about me as though I weren't here—"

my "But I.... I talked to you." Mary stepped back.

"—and honestly, you know I hate that more than anything else. So, if his scan is done, I'd like permission to leave, please." Rory moved towards the front door and wrapped his fingers around the knob. He glanced back at her once, as though waiting for Mary to tell him he could go home. But I knew, like she knew, he didn't have to wait for no one.

He gave me one look as he pulled the door open. "I've disconnected from your systems, Javi. It was good seeing you."

"Same..." I started to say, but before I could open my mouth to finish the word, he was out of my home and down the street. Alone. Like I knew he felt.





*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





06 || S I X




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "It's kind of hard to hide 'wounds' engraved into metal, you know?"

"It's kind of hard to hide 'wounds' engraved into metal, you know?" "It's kind of hard to hide 'wounds' engraved into metal, you know?" *

* "I'd like permission to leave."

"I'd like permission to leave." Staring at the clock, I waited for time to move. There was only an hour until I had to pick up Wendy, but of course, I couldn't move. Couldn't think. I saw Rory in my head, clear as day.

"I don't think I was really needed here today, Mary."

"I don't think I was really needed here today, Mary." Had I been selfish there? Had I not thought of him? Such a human thing to... think of yourself when times look bleak. I thought I was bigger than that. Better. As I looked down at my hands, stretching out my fingers to feel the metal within me, I knew I aspired to be.

feel "I've disconnected from your systems, Javi."

"I've disconnected from your systems, Javi." Did you, Ror? Because I feel like shit right now.

Did you, Ror? Because I feel like shit right now. My head slumped back against my couch pillow as I glanced at the clock again. I couldn't sit and mope. If it were up to me, I'd be packing a snack bag to take for Wendy. But until Mary was done keying in my very normal and unaffected diagnostic readings, we couldn't leave.

very normal and unaffected We also couldn't speak. Rory left us in a silence that weighed down on us both. The moment he was gone, we glanced at each other, sighed, and went right back to work.

So, I sat with her beside me. It could've been nicer, possibly closer, but there was a chip connected to my arm, transmitting data to her tablet. I only had to remain still as she ran one last test. Not that we had.

The television was my friend.

Tapping my wristband against my thigh, I changed the channel.

" Bionics—" The commercial on the screen was loud, bright, and three Androids smiled at the camera. "— forever creating your much-needed friend!"

Bionics—" forever creating your much-needed friend!" I remembered that slogan. It was how the program at Bionics had started, and Rory had been the poster droid for it all. His AI was higher than any other company could ever achieve, and I remember him being so happy .

happy Unlike today...

Unlike today... After all the promotions and marketing, I died. And for the life of me, I couldn't remember why they'd removed him from the face of the company. Bionics androids were Rory. I was Rory.

died. were was Groaning, I changed the channel.

" This weekend only, we have a big sale on carpets—"

This weekend only, we have a big sale on carpets—" Tapped the bracelet, flipped the channel. I'd done it four times without even letting the broadcast settle into play.

Next to me, Mary chuckled under her breath. "I'm almost done," she said. "Your file's at ninety percent."

I glanced over at her and smiled. There was something about the way she was sitting there, legs crossed under her, pillow on her lap. It reminded me of our happier days, our calm days...



Before realizing that dating an android was too hard, too unrealistic, and unfair.

As my smile weakened, I looked back at the television. I tapped my wristband again. "Sooner you're done, the sooner I can leave and you can go back to Ror."

"Right..." Mary sighed before looking into the kitchen. She noted the grocery bag I'd left on the counter. "Cooking dinner tonight?"

I tapped my bracelet again and shrugged. "I always do. It's my job."

"Right..." Mary repeated, pressing her finger against the side of her tablet. "What... were you making?"

"Tacos." I rolled my neck around my shoulders, wanting to ignore her. I knew what she was doing. This was normal for her. Coming over, as though nothing were wrong, and sitting down with my family, as if everything were fine. But... not today. "Wendy's request."

This "Oh, little Wendy." Mary stood up and quietly laughed. "I'm sure she did."

Files completed. Disconnecting.

Files completed. Disconnecting. Shaking the commands from my head, I looked at Mary as the television settled on a different channel. A news anchor folded their hands in front of them. " We have breaking news," they said.

We have breaking news," "Will there be extras, by chance?" Mary pulled the small, black device off my arm and clipped it behind the tablet. Without looking at her bag, she slid it back in its place. "Or, you weren't planning on more company?"

"Honestly, I didn't plan on anything other than her, me, mom, dad..." I rubbed the red patch of skin left after the scan and watched it slowly heal. When the caramel-tone returned to normal, I sighed and looked back at the television screen. "I wanted to start cooking as soon as I scooped her up from school—" I lifted my eyes and looked at her. "—you know, if I could leave..."

"Oh, right, right!" Mary nodded so fast parts of her bun came undone. "I'm sorry, this is my fault. I'll run to the bathroom. Give me a minute, then I can give you a ride. How's that?"

As she jumped off the couch, I waved my hand in the direction of the bathroom as if she didn't already know where it was. But I'd only done it because the moment I looked back at the news, I caught the footage of androids fighting police officers.

But that was against our Bionics code. We couldn't hurt a human being.

" This footage was captured last night in Chicago, near the South Loop area. Androids appeared to be attacking other androids assisting store owners. When police intervened, the violence turned on them."

This footage was captured last night in Chicago, near the South Loop area. Androids appeared to be attacking other androids assisting store owners. When police intervened, the violence turned on them." I leaned forward, elbows on my knees. These attacks were more frequent. And Chicago wasn't too far.

" Incidents have occurred in Joliet, as well as Aurora. Bionics has failed to comment on the violent outbreaks between the androids, but we know they're aware of it. Our sources tell us they've dispatched countless trucks to pick up the broken droids."

Incidents have occurred in Joliet, as well as Aurora. Bionics has failed to comment on the violent outbreaks between the androids, but we know they're aware of it. Our sources tell us they've dispatched countless trucks to pick up the broken droids." "Mary!" I called out to her as I heard the toilet flush and the bathroom door open. Yet, as she stepped into the living room, I couldn't pull my eyes away from the videos. Androids had ripped the heads off other bots without hesitation.

"Woah." Mary's hands leaned against the back of the couch. "When were this shot?"

"What?" Turning to look at her, I shook my head in disbelief. "Don't you know when these happen?"

She turned her head, slowly dropping her gaze to mine. "I mean... Isn't that why you called me? You didn't want to danger your parents, danger Wendy. You said—"

I stood up fast, anger surging through my body as if explosives went off. I had to keep my fists clenched tight. "I said I was scared, Mar. Hell, after seeing Ror yesterday, I was fucking terrified. But this is getting too close to home now and I can't ignore it anymore!"



Right as I pointed back at the news segment, a bang went off outside the house. Both Mary and I shot our heads in its direction, eyes wide. It went off again, louder. A gunshot?

I dropped my arm. "Mary..." I reached out and grabbed her hand. "Tell me that's not what I think it is..."

"I don't know what it is." Rather than grab my hand, she pushed it away. She took cautious steps towards the front window and with trembling hands, pulled back the white curtain just an inch. I went beside her and looked outside, too.

And wished I hadn't.

"Androids..."

|||

||| Mary paced. She checked the time. But nothing she did could explain what was going on outside.

Androids, at least twenty of them, were in the streets. Two had pulled droids from their houses, leaving their owners screaming on the front lawn; the others purposely hit cars, cut tires. All to slim the chances of escape. And the gunshot we'd heard had been fired by Mr. Wilson across the street. I only knew it because the moment we'd looked out the window, an Android took his gun and fired it at him.

His blood spread across the sidewalk.

Pressing my hands against the window, I eyed the Androids. Scanning them. Or, at least, I tried to. The data came back empty, negative.

Broken droids.

Broken droids. "We need to stay inside," Mary muttered behind me. "And I need to call Rory... I need to know he made it back okay."

I chewed on my bottom lip, thinking. Analyzing.

Mary tapped her wristband three times. "Nevermind, I'm sure he's okay. He's always okay." Nervously, she laughed. "You know, trucks were sent in this morning with some broken bots. I'm sure they'll ping in on the data outbreak here and scoop these up, too, and—"

"Open communications." Ignoring whatever she had to say next, I manually opened my own internal computers. While I kept parts of my vision on the patrolling bots outside, the rest scrolled down my contact logs. "Call Juan Morales."

"Javi."

" Connecting call," my computers said. It rang twice, disconnected, and chirped with failure. " Call failed. Retry?"

Connecting call," Call failed. Retry?" Mary's hand touched my shoulder, and I glanced back at her. I watched her lip slip between her teeth. Worry glowed in her eyes. I couldn't be worried along with her. Shaking my head, I ran scenarios through each of my sensors. Yet, without a root cause of whatever inflicted the androids outside, I couldn't reach a resolution.

This was why humans panicked.

"Has anyone called you?" I glanced out the window again as three androids stood in the center of the road. "Wendy's school has droids. If they broke down, would trucks need to go there, too?"

"No one's called me." Mary looked out the window, too, sucking in a deep breath. "It'd be my dad that they need to call, not me, and—"

"Okay." Cutting her off, I pulled myself from the window and grabbed her shoulders. In one motion, I made her look at me. "I know he's broken, but can you reach Rory?"

Mary shook her head but held my gaze.

Sharply, I exhaled. "Fine. What about your father, has he called you? Your mother? Has anyone given you any update about what's going on right now?"

anyone Silence fell over us like a fog, and it clouded my senses. The edges of my vision blurred. Letters broke away with sparks of static. And then she opened her mouth slowly, and simply said, "I..."

Everything came back—sensors, data, knowledge. I picked up on her outline, her emotions. Terror was a word I could use to sum them all up. Letting her go, I took a step away from her. "You have no idea what's going on right now, do you?"

Mary slowly shook her head.

Outside, I heard another bang. Pulling the curtains back again, I watched the android who had taken the gun... he fired it. But the weapon wasn't pointed at anyone. The hand that held it pointed its barrel up at the sky, at the clouds, and when the other Androids stopped moving, too, he fired again.

He was making a point. Of what? I wasn't sure. But I couldn't sit around a wait to find out.

I pulled myself back into my communications again and closed my eyes. "Call Wendy Carter Morales."

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





07 || S E V E N




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "It's also hard to prove I'm capable when even I think it's impossible."

"It's also hard to prove I'm capable when even I think it's impossible." "It's also hard to prove I'm capable when even I think it's impossible." *

* " Call failed. Retry?"

Call failed. Retry?" How many times had I retried? How many skip voicemail and redial had I done? I'd lost count, but I couldn't give up.

skip voicemail and redial The first ten minutes of waiting in my living room, I kept calm, collected. After twenty minutes, I felt that pressure in my chest. It was uncomfortable, suffocating. Once a full half passed with no contact with my little sister, I felt as though I couldn't breathe.

Something was wrong. She wasn't safe.

Something was wrong. She wasn't safe. "Javi. Javi!" Mary tried to stop me, but I was as hard-headed as a droid as I was in my human life; my mother had told me that. And once I had my mind set on an idea, there was no turning me back. My computers had found a possible—yet horrendous—scenario that revolved around Wendy.

"Mar, those androids out there killed a man. Do you know what that means?" I'd shut down the power supply for my charging pod and turned off all of the house appliances. I wanted the home to be as docile and absent as possible.

"It means we have to stay put," Mary said, pulling at my arm as I shut off the kitchen's lights. "We can't leave."

"Is that what they teach you in Bionics school?" I scoffed, rolled my eyes, and pulled my arm free. "I can't stay here and protect myself. I need to protect her."

Bionics need to Mary watched me as I hurried across the living room and shut the curtains. With a tap of my wristband against the home security panel, the house confirmed its alarm setting.

And with a sturdy, firm grip, I grabbed the front door's handle. "If you want to stay here, fine, but I can't. Unlike those bots outside, it's against my code, and I won't stay back without knowing she's okay."

my Her emotions flickered. Or was it my sensors? There was a span of twenty changes in less than five seconds, and I couldn't keep up. Looking back at her, I pulled my brows together, deep in thought. And shook my head. "You're afraid," I said, glancing back at the door. "That's okay, Mar. I'd never put you in danger. But Wendy's at that school and I know droids started to malfunction there. So, just sit tight and—"

Mary rushed over to the side of the couch and clasped her bag shut with a slap of her hand. Hoisting the strap over her shoulder and across her chest, she looked at me with wide, yet determined eyes. "I'm going with you." It took three long strides for her to stand in front of me. "I know... things are different, but Wendy's my sister, too."

Instinct told me to smile. My computers instructed me to move. But memories told me to thank her.

I lifted my one hand, cupped her chin, and pulled her close so our foreheads met. I felt the breath she took. Heard the sigh. My gaze locked onto her as I nodded and brushed my thumb along her lip. "Thank you," I said.



My actions didn't startle her. She leaned against my touch. And the moment I drew back, her hand reached out for the handle. Together, we pulled open the door.

|||

||| The air felt thick, heavy. The sun, hidden behind a sudden row of grey clouds, no longer warmed the streets. Mary hid behind me as I stepped out onto the front lawn. She squealed when the droids turned to look at each other. Looking back at her, I shook my head, mouthing, " It's okay. "

It's okay. They couldn't sync with me, meaning we were safe. As long as they didn't see us.

Taking Mary's hand in mine, I pulled her across the cut grass and behind a car parked just feet from the house. We dropped against its side. Hiding.

Looking over the car's hood, I watched the android with the gun. His curls covered his face as the wind blew and his hand, still clutching the weapon, was pressed close to his hip. I could see his finger dancing alongside the trigger.

In my head, I pulled up my communications and made the silent command: Call Wendy Carter Morales.

"What are we going to do?" Mary whispered as the call dial echoed in my head. "They're everywhere."

Ring. Ring.

Ring. Ring. "They can't sync," I said as I looked over the other end of the car. The androids down the street were still. Frozen. With their heads tilted up towards the sky, I wondered what waves they received, because they weren't mine. And I was sure they weren't any other common droid. "Can the broken androids connect normally?"

Ring. Ring.

Ring. Ring. "No." Mary dropped back down beside me, clutching her bag against her chest. "They can't do anything. Nothing would work."

I looked back at her as my call went to voicemail. "You mean to tell me the bots that attack aren't just broken ?" I asked.

broken Without looking at me, Mary shook her head.

"What aren't you telling me, Mar..." I grumbled. Internally, I attempted to redial. Communications pulled up fast. Wendy's caller tag, too. My devices were ready to select when her name appeared in the corner of my vision.

Wendy called me.

"Incoming call."

"Incoming call." Call accepted.

Call accepted. "Lost Girl?" Dropping as low as I could against the car, I turned away from the androids and looked back at the house. My voice was just above a whisper. "Are you okay?"

"Peter." Wendy's voice was quiet. Trembling. Terrified. I heard the sniffle, and the whimper laced with small tears. A heavy feeling came over me as she spoke. "Peter, I'm scared."

I squeezed my eyes shut as I listened and fought off the sparks that tried to react as programmed. This wasn't the time to have emotion. I needed to think. Clearheaded. Smart.

I forced my eyes open and turned to look back over the car. They were still oblivious to our location. "Where are you, Wendy? Are you still at school?"

There was a rustling sound. A nod. I glanced at Mary as Wendy gave me her silent answer. "Okay, you're still there. Are you somewhere safe?"

Silence again. I ground my teeth and glanced down the street, checking my options. "Wendy—" I needed her to answer me. "—are you somewhere safe?"

"Three of the teachers were hurt really bad, and I think... I think Mr. Lanso is dead." Wendy's voice cracked as she tried not to cry. "Other androids came in and just took over..."

"Other androids." I scooted over towards the edge of the car. My fingers spread across the hood as I kept my balance. "These weren't the ones you texted me about?"

"I'm scared," she said again, and my vision blurred. Focusing on the other end of the block was suddenly harder to do. "Javi, I'm scared... they're looking for me."

"You?" For a moment, I saw two plans of escape. One was simply to run, dodge all of the droids in the street. I knew I could do it, but not Mary. They'd hurt her, or worse... kill her. Option two was to locate Mary's car. "Why are they looking for you?" I asked Wendy. "Did they say anything?"

Mary's hand touched my arm, and I looked back at her. I prayed she could read my thoughts. Mouthing the word car , I pointed at her and waited. It took her less than a second to figure out what I was trying to ask, and she glanced back, behind her. Her car was across the street.

car "I don't... I don't know." There was more rustling. More whimpers. I could hear Wendy shuffle across a floor. I ground my teeth again as I listened. "The regular androids just stopped moving... and then the other ones came in. One of them grabbed a mic and asked for me by name." She hiccupped and started to cry. "I don't want them to kill me, Javier."

Sparks went off in my chest. It burned. It ached. And the breath I took in was pained as I focused on a means of escape. And rescue. In one quick motion, I grabbed Mary's hand and pulled her with me. Still hunched over, we hurried over from one car to the next.

"No one's going to kill you, Wendy," I said as I stopped just feet from Mary's blue sedan. The android in the street turned his back to us fully, eyeing the other droids ahead of him. Pulling Mary's hand, I motioned for her to follow. It was our only chance.

Mary was fast, pulling her driver's side door and hopping inside the car in one motion. I swiftly moved across the front until I reached the side, and jumped in, too. Quietly closing our doors, we looked forward at the Androids. They didn't turn to us, hadn't heard us. Most kept their eyes on the skies.

"Javi," Mary whispered my name and trembled, her hand hovering over the ignition. "Where am I going?"

Wendy's whimper made me see red—literally. My vision was rimmed with the color, a filter overlayed on the sight in front of me. Sitting up straight, I turned my head and looked over at Mary, catching her fearful expression. But in my eyes, she was red, too. "Harris Elementary. Now."

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





08 || E I G H T




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Ever wonder how difficult it is to manage human thoughts? Emotions?"

"Ever wonder how difficult it is to manage human thoughts? Emotions?" "Ever wonder how difficult it is to manage human thoughts? Emotions?" *

* Out of all the androids in the street, the only one who looked at Mary's car as she slammed her foot down on the gas, was the droid with the gun. He pointed it at us, fired, and shattered the back window. Mary screamed, face pressed against the steering wheel. But I grabbed it, kept it steady. I made sure she didn't stop.

"Peter!" Wendy cried in my ear, never hanging up the call.

"Javi!" Mary shrieked beside me.

I looked at her before I looked back out the front window. Androids were everywhere. They ran out onto front lawns, in the streets. Some met the front of Mary's car. Because she didn't stop. I wouldn't let her.

"Keep driving, Mary," I said, voice calm. "Don't brake. Don't lift your foot."

An Android jumped out in front of the car, and landed on the hood, hands grasping at the sides to keep steady as we floored it. Mary screamed and pressed herself back against her seat. Even I jumped but kept my hands on the wheel. Yet, with it right in front of us, I was able to look at it.

It, and its bright red eyes.

Like Rory...

Like Rory... Its mouth opened, but no words left it. Just noise. Like broken feedback.

Wincing, I forced the steering wheel to the left, then the right. It held on tight. Its fingers dug into the sides, leaving dents in the car's frame. We locked eyes again, it's red to my brown. And I bared my teeth, growling.

"Javi!" Wendy screeched in my ear. Bangs sounded around her. What sounded like desks, like chairs, slid across a floor as I heard her whimper and hurry away. A pressure built in my chest and all I saw was red as I listened to her. "They're here! They're in here!"

Data upload failed. Reconnecting sensors. Retry?

Data upload failed. Reconnecting sensors. Retry? With one hand still on the wheel, I reached over and gripped it with the other. Mary's head shot up, eyes wide, but I didn't look at her. I kept my face forward, at the droid who didn't let go. To Mary, I said, "Hold on tight."

To the droid out front, I shook my head. It reached its hand forward, fingers outstretched to the glass. The moment it let go, I forced the steering wheel to the far left, forcing the car into a sharp turn. Two tires lifted. The car cried in protest.

The droid struggled. Lost its grip. Its eyes widened as it slid off the hood, down onto the street, and when it crashed and rolled, I looked back. I watched its skin break, rip, and reveal the blue mechanics within. It lifted its injured head just before we were out of view, and I caught the bright stare one more time.

A chill shot up through my spine when Mary regained control of the car, openly crying as she shook her head. And once we were a block away, she lifted her foot, shaking all over. I didn't say anything as I gently pushed her out of the front and into the back seat, all while the car continued on a slow roll. Her foot lifted off the gas pedal and mine replaced it; her hands moved away, mine took its place. At ten and two, I gripped the wheel and looked ahead, at the empty streets that echoed with its own unnatural calm.



"Wendy?" I pressed down on the gas and pushed the car forward faster than it could recover. The tires screeched. "Wendy, are you there?"

There was nothing. Static. The call was connected, but she wasn't with it. My hands tightened around the steering wheel and the rubber bent under my grip. "Wendy?"

Silence.

I turned onto the next street. "Lost Girl?"

"Communications lost. Redial?"

"Communications lost. Redial?" Listening to the quiet chirp of our call's disconnection, I leaned back in my seat, forced my foot down on the pedal until it met the floor, and drove. Focused. Emotion rimmed my eyes. Sparks burned under my skin. "Wendy, I'm almost there."

|||

||| Sirens echoed in the air. People hurried into their houses, abandoning their androids on their front lawns. The broken droids that stalked the streets found them, grabbed them, and ripped them limb from limb.

I tried not to witness the murders, but couldn't avoid them. As though nightmares covered the streets, violence was at every corner, on every lawn, and beside each parked car. The androids couldn't scream, because they weren't programmed to express pain, but the broken bots let out their static. Crippled sounds. Each time I heard it, I hissed, because I felt it.

felt Pain. Ache. Neglect.

Pain. Ache. Neglect. But why? I glanced back at Mary for an answer, but she was curled up in the backseat, head on her knees. Her tears slid down her face as she looked at me. I tried to read her emotions, but couldn't. My sensors wouldn't connect.

Growling, I looked back at the road. Harris Elementary was just ahead. But something was off about it. The feedback I heard from the broken droids came from the old brick building in waves. And like ocean water crashing against the sand, I felt each pulse slam against my chest. My arms twitched with each power surge.

Battery at eighty-three percent.

Battery at eighty-three percent. I wasn't sure what the waves would do to me, but it wasn't my wellbeing I was concerned about. Wendy was in that school, and androids were out to get her. My battery would make it in time to get her. It had to. But as the school grew closer, and the waves got stronger, I couldn't think. Not clearly.

That's why the moment I saw the black van parked outside the elementary school, I floored it. The car went over the freshly cut grass, digging lines into the earth. Behind me, Mary screamed as we nearly hit a tree, but I avoided it. Barely. We were close enough for me to see...

The van with its dark windows hid the faces of three droids. Their broken signals came out of it in waves, and I wasn't sure if they were like the Androids we'd passed, but I didn't care to find out. Because they had Wendy.

"Javi!" Wendy's screams came from inside the van. I could see her small hands pressed against the glass; grey prints against tints. Mary's car barely had the chance to power down before I jumped out of it. My foot caught in the dirt before the parking lot, and I went forward, hands scraped against concrete.

Wendy's hands slammed against the glass, again. And again. Breath fogged the window. As I scrambled to my feet, the back doors flung open. A foot stepped down onto the pavement.

And I saw red.

"Let her go!" I shouted, hurrying over to the van's side. I pounded my fists against the glass, but it didn't break. In the driver's seat was a droid who didn't look at me, even as I hit his window, too. His hands were on the steering wheel, eyes focused forward. I could feel the broken feedback coming off him like sparks in a dying flame.

"Javi!" Wendy cried again, and the back doors shut. I turned towards the sound, focused on the figure that'd closed them. It was an android, I knew it, but it's face was covered. A veil just under his raised hood.

Hiding its identity couldn't protect itself from me. If anyone hurt my family, they'd have to pay; that was in my code. And Wendy's cry turned on every functioning circuit.

that "Hey!" With two steps, I crossed the gap between us and grabbed the android by the collar of his sweater. I heard a laugh through the thick fabric, just as the van revved its engine. It wouldn't leave. I wouldn't let it. This android needed to unlock these doors. "Let her go."

"Or what?"

His voice. What was so familiar about it?

His voice. What was so familiar about it? I gripped my hand on his sweater as he laughed again. My foot slipped back for balance. "I'll—"

"Or. What?" He cut me off.

And I stuttered in response.

With him slowly lifting his hand to grab mine, I should've been able to react; a reflex. I could've pushed him back against the pavement and kicked his chest in, shattering every sensor inside his torso.

Instead, I stumbled back against the van. My vision blurred; black and red. A part of my computers tried to command my arm to reach for his hood, to reveal his neck. If I could see his Bionics symbol, then maybe I could scan him. And sync.

But I didn't.

"Battery at fifty-three percent. Sensor seven is disabled. AX0 battery is draining faster than normal. Charging pod within one mile. A location has been marked on the map."

"Battery at fifty-three percent. Sensor seven is disabled. AX0 battery is draining faster than normal. Charging pod within one mile. A location has been marked on the map." I closed my eyes tight as Wendy cried again. My chest tightened, my legs grew weak. Letting the Android go was my only act of defense, or else I'd fall. I slapped my hands against the van to keep steady.

Turning my head towards the back windows, I tried to look inside. "Wendy, I'm here."

"Sure you are," the android laughed again, and that electrical pulse, that wave of energy that I'd felt earlier, came off of him and hit me. Opening my mouth, I cried out.

"Javier!" I heard Mary scream my name. I knew she ran across the grass. It was weird, but the echoing sound of her feet hitting the ground hit my ears.

" Battery at forty-two percent."

Battery at forty-two percent." The android grabbed my face and made me look at him. Even with the veil, I knew it grinned underneath. Mary screamed my name again, closer this time, as he leaned his face in close. And said, "I've been waiting a long time to finally do this."

My mouth dropped open. Bursts of static noise left me, not words. Every part of my skin was on fire.

Battey at thirty-nine percent.

Battey at thirty-nine percent. Mary screamed my name again, but I couldn't hear her. I heard the sirens instead, wailing in the distance. How many cars were there? Three? Four?

"Wendy..." I managed to say.

Inside, I know she called for me, but it was another voice I couldn't really hear. All I heard was it— him. A voice too familiar every sensor I had couldn't react rationally. As if... I ran on emotion, I'd started to shut down.

him. Power went out like a light, and before I lost all sense of sight and sound, I watched the Android move close, mouth to my ear. "Don't leave me waiting, Javi ," it said.

Javi Why did it say my name like that?

Why did it say my name like that? "Shutting down."

"Shutting down." *



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





09 || N I N E




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Emotions... a funny, yet necessary thing."

"Emotions... a funny, yet necessary thing." "Emotions... a funny, yet necessary thing." *

* Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: July 1st, 2018

Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: July 1st, 2018 Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: July 1st, 2018 Wendy's feet dangled off the side of the porch's ledge. Her arms were pressed between the wooden fence. In her hands was a stuffed doll, elegantly decorated with small wings and a green dress. I watched her for a minute before glancing back into the kitchen, at my parents. With smiles on their faces, they spoke with the caseworker who had video-called them. In my father's hands were Wendy's adoption papers.

Wendy's feet dangled off the side of the porch's ledge. Her arms were pressed between the wooden fence. In her hands was a stuffed doll, elegantly decorated with small wings and a green dress. I watched her for a minute before glancing back into the kitchen, at my parents. With smiles on their faces, they spoke with the caseworker who had video-called them. In my father's hands were Wendy's adoption papers. They looked so happy. But why was Wendy so sad?

They looked so happy. But why was Wendy so sad? Pushing off the open back door, I went to her and leaned over the top of the fence. Wendy looked up at me with curious eyes. "Your name is Javier?" she asked, her voice small and timid.

Pushing off the open back door, I went to her and leaned over the top of the fence. Wendy looked up at me with curious eyes. "Your name is Javier?" she asked, her voice small and timid. I smiled. She was so smart for a four-year-old. "It is," I said and nodded. "Javier Morales."

I smiled. She was so smart for a four-year-old. "It is," I said and nodded. "Javier Morales." "Oh." Wendy went back to her doll, pulling at the yellow yarn that formed the hair on its head. "Mr. Juan and Mrs. Linda said you died. Car crash. Did that really happen?"

"Oh." Wendy went back to her doll, pulling at the yellow yarn that formed the hair on its head. "Mr. Juan and Mrs. Linda said you died. Car crash. Did that really happen?" Regardless of the truth, I smiled and looked out at the open yard. The grass had been cut but was dying. Patches of dirt crowded over by the garage. I'd told my parents I'd fix it, but it hadn't been a priority. Their focuses had been on the state and adoption board.

Regardless of the truth, I smiled and looked out at the open yard. The grass had been cut but was dying. Patches of dirt crowded over by the garage. I'd told my parents I'd fix it, but it hadn't been a priority. Their focuses had been on the state and adoption board. For good reason.

For good reason. "I did," I said, because there was no denying the obvious. When she looked at me, I pointed at the Bionic symbol on my neck. "Created July 31st, 2016. Just a few weeks after I died."

"I did," I said, because there was no denying the obvious. When she looked at me, I pointed at the Bionic symbol on my neck. "Created July 31st, 2016. Just a few weeks after I died." Wendy's lips parted, but she didn't say a word. She simply looked at me.

Wendy's lips parted, but she didn't say a word. She simply looked at me. "Some people aren't used to it." I shrugged. "And others sort of think I'm a monstrosity. But I'm no different from the androids out in the streets—" With another shrug, I looked back at the kitchen as the caseworker on the tablet screen went over the final details of the adoption. "—and just as human as our parents inside."

"Some people aren't used to it." I shrugged. "And others sort of think I'm a monstrosity. But I'm no different from the androids out in the streets—" With another shrug, I looked back at the kitchen as the caseworker on the tablet screen went over the final details of the adoption. "—and just as human as our parents inside." "Our parents?" Wendy's brow pushed together as she kicked her feet. "I can't call them that. I don't even know if they want me..."

"Our parents?" Wendy's brow pushed together as she kicked her feet. "I can't call them that. I don't even know if they want me..." I couldn't help my frown. "Why wouldn't they?" I asked. "I think you're a great kid. They love you."

I couldn't help my frown. "Why wouldn't they?" I asked. "I think you're a great kid. They love you." "They haven't signed yet." Wendy pulled at the yarn again. A strand fell into the dirt. "Most families sign and take me back. They think I'm weird. And say I talk too much."

"They haven't signed yet." Wendy pulled at the yarn again. A strand fell into the dirt. "Most families sign and take me back. They think I'm weird. And say I talk too much." There was a pressure in my chest. My sensors froze, unable to read her emotions and thoughts. But judging by the pink on her pale cheeks and the shimmer in her eyes, I knew her early life wasn't easy. Getting her to come here via the transport vehicle was even harder. The facility said she'd put up a fight with the android assistants.

There was a pressure in my chest. My sensors froze, unable to read her emotions and thoughts. But judging by the pink on her pale cheeks and the shimmer in her eyes, I knew her early life wasn't easy. Getting her to come here via the transport vehicle was even harder. The facility said she'd put up a fight with the android assistants.

Looking at her, I didn't see her fight as a bad thing. I saw fear. And it was a feeling I knew because I remembered waking up on the android bed, wondering why I was there at all. Change may be an inevitable occurrence, but it wasn't good. Not for everyone.

Looking at her, I didn't see her fight as a bad thing. I saw fear. And it was a feeling I knew because I remembered waking up on the android bed, wondering why I was there at all. Change may be an inevitable occurrence, but it wasn't good. Not for everyone. Holding onto that thought, I made myself comfortable right beside her. My legs barely fit through the gaps of the wooden fence, but I did it. And when she kicked her legs, I kicked mine. I smiled when she looked at me. "Well, if you're here with us, I'll take care of you," I said and stretched my arms through the openings, relaxing. "You'll never have to worry about a thing with me."

Holding onto that thought, I made myself comfortable right beside her. My legs barely fit through the gaps of the wooden fence, but I did it. And when she kicked her legs, I kicked mine. I smiled when she looked at me. "Well, if you're here with us, I'll take care of you," I said and stretched my arms through the openings, relaxing. "You'll never have to worry about a thing with me." "Is it in your programming to protect me?" Wendy asked. "All androids are programmed to do certain things, right?"

"Is it in your programming to protect me?" Wendy asked. "All androids are programmed to do certain things, right?" With a grin, I leaned close and winked. "What if I told you I don't follow rules? No one can program commands for me. Not even if they tried."

With a grin, I leaned close and winked. "What if I told you I don't follow rules? No one can program commands for me. Not even if they tried." She gasped.

She gasped. "Don't think of me as an android. Think of me as your brother. I may not age or die, but that means I'll always be here, whenever you need me."

"Don't think of me as an android. Think of me as your brother. I may not age or die, but that means I'll always be here, whenever you need me." I watched Wendy's mouth open with shock, not fear. There were flecks of life dancing in her eyes, like stars. Her kicking slowed and for the first time, she stopped pulling at the doll's head. It took a minute, but once I leaned back into my space, she smiled and looked at the toy in her hands. "Do you know who this is?" she asked me.

I watched Wendy's mouth open with shock, not fear. There were flecks of life dancing in her eyes, like stars. Her kicking slowed and for the first time, she stopped pulling at the doll's head. It took a minute, but once I leaned back into my space, she smiled and looked at the toy in her hands. "Do you know who this is?" she asked me. "No," I answered honestly. It looked like a regular fairy doll to me. "Who is it?"

"No," I answered honestly. It looked like a regular fairy doll to me. "Who is it?" "This is Tinkerbell, and she's a Tinker fairy," Wendy said, wiggling the doll in the air. "She likes to follow Peter Pan around Neverland when he takes care of his Lost Boys."

"This is Tinkerbell, and she's a Tinker fairy," Wendy said, wiggling the doll in the air. "She likes to follow Peter Pan around Neverland when he takes care of his Lost Boys." My laugh brought crinkles to my eyes, deep lines I could feel. Peter Pan was a story my cousins knew and made me watch over and over again. If I had to choose between that or Aladdin, I went for the thief who got the girl in the end. Not the boy who never died.

My laugh brought crinkles to my eyes, deep lines I could feel. Peter Pan was a story my cousins knew and made me watch over and over again. If I had to choose between that or Aladdin, I went for the thief who got the girl in the end. Not the boy who never died. But I saw pure happiness come off Wendy in electronic waves when she mentioned Tinkerbell's name. And when she pulled her doll back through the fence to hug it against her chest, I knew the story was more to her than just the doll.

But I saw pure happiness come off Wendy in electronic waves when she mentioned Tinkerbell's name. And when she pulled her doll back through the fence to hug it against her chest, I knew the story was more to her than just the doll. "That's really cool." I pulled my arm back to ruffle the hair on the top of her head. "Nothing wrong with fairies. Or fairytales, for that matter. Keep that imagination, it's a good thing."

"That's really cool." I pulled my arm back to ruffle the hair on the top of her head. "Nothing wrong with fairies. Or fairytales, for that matter. Keep that imagination, it's a good thing." "Think so?" Wendy glanced back into the kitchen. "Will Mr. Juan and Mrs. Linda like it?"

"Think so?" Wendy glanced back into the kitchen. "Will Mr. Juan and Mrs. Linda like it?" I looked back with her as my mother lowered the tablet and ended the voice call. "They'll love it," I said, honestly. "I had a wild imagination growing up. I think it was their favorite thing about me."

I looked back with her as my mother lowered the tablet and ended the voice call. "They'll love it," I said, honestly. "I had a wild imagination growing up. I think it was their favorite thing about me." "Yeah?" Wendy smiled so big I felt the joy come off of her like rays from the sun.

"Yeah?" Wendy smiled so big I felt the joy come off of her like rays from the sun. "Yeah." I couldn't help but smile, too. But then I leaned close and spoke softly, with care, "But you know you can call them Mom and Dad, right? You're a part of our family now."

"Yeah." I couldn't help but smile, too. But then I leaned close and spoke softly, with care, "But you know you can call them Mom and Dad, right? You're a part of our family now." Wendy scooted away from the porch's ledge and fixed the bottom of her green dress. "I can?" Smiling, she stood, with Tinkerbell still pressed to her chest. "I am."

Wendy scooted away from the porch's ledge and fixed the bottom of her green dress. "I can?" Smiling, she stood, with Tinkerbell still pressed to her chest. "I am." Nodding, I leaned back on my hands.

Nodding, I leaned back on my hands. "And I'll call you Peter Pan, is that okay?"

"And I'll call you Peter Pan, is that okay?" No one had ever given me a nickname before. I was either Javier, Javi, or you—nothing else. But for someone to see me as more than what I was and what I used to be, was nice. Refreshing. And my next smile was more than a programmed reaction. Cheerfulness rang in my core.

No one had ever given me a nickname before. I was either Javier, Javi, or you—nothing else. But for someone to see me as more than what I was and what I used to be, was nice. Refreshing. And my next smile was more than a programmed reaction. Cheerfulness rang in my core.

"That's fine," I said as my parents walked onto the porch. I kept my eyes on Wendy, and asked, "Will you be Tinkerbell?"

"That's fine," I said as my parents walked onto the porch. I kept my eyes on Wendy, and asked, "Will you be Tinkerbell?" "Nope." Wendy pulled up the hem of her dress and curtsied. "I'm just Wendy. And I can be your Lost Girl."

"Nope." Wendy pulled up the hem of her dress and curtsied. "I'm just Wendy. And I can be your Lost Girl." When she turned to give me the same bow of respect, I stopped her midway. As her big eyes peered up at me with curiosity, I ruffled her red hair. "If I'm Peter Pan, and you're my lost girl, then know I'll always protect you. You know why?"

When she turned to give me the same bow of respect, I stopped her midway. As her big eyes peered up at me with curiosity, I ruffled her red hair. "If I'm Peter Pan, and you're my lost girl, then know I'll always protect you. You know why?" Wendy, with the biggest smile ever, said, "Because no one calls Peter Pan a coward and lives!"

Wendy, with the biggest smile ever, said, "Because no one calls Peter Pan a coward and lives!" I laughed. Nothing could destroy her fantasy world. So, I reached over and tapped her nose once. "Whatever you say, Wendy."

I laughed. Nothing could destroy her fantasy world. So, I reached over and tapped her nose once. "Whatever you say, Wendy." |||

||| The sun beat down on my face. Grass brushed against my cheek with a gentle push from the wind. A wind that carried the quiet sobs of a woman. But not just any woman.

Mary.

I opened my eyes and waited as my computers recovered from my sudden power outage. My sensors ran over the usage left. The data appeared on the edges of my vision.

Thirty-six percent.

Thirty-six percent. Groaning, I turned my head and looked up at the sky. As the clouds passed over the clear blue, everything that occurred over the past fifteen minutes replayed with high speed. At first, it was backward, beginning from the moment my computers died and the panic that had filled me because of the android, his voice, and my sister. A replay of her cries echoed in my head and I remembered slamming my hands against the van.

Why hadn't I done more? I could've ripped the doors off the hinges. Smashed my hands through the windows. I could've saved her.

I failed.

I failed. The pressure on my chest eased, and my sensors came to life. I sat up fast, but before I could call out Wendy's name, a hand came over my mouth, my face, and pulled me back.

"Don't," Mary's panicked hiss hit my ear as I fell back into her chest. Her heart slammed against my back. Fingers trembled over my mouth. I tasted the salt of her sweat as it touched my lips. But I didn't look back at her. I looked ahead.

The parking lot was filled with flashing lights, the police reds and blues. I counted seven squad cars and fifteen officers. The teachers who had been inside the school cried as they spoke. Some shouted, pointing at the streets. The officers who spoke to them recorded their answers on tablets, calling to the other with new details. Different findings.

And I picked up the feedback that applied to me:

Androids. Malfunctioning. Defective.

Androids. Malfunctioning. Defective. Pushing back against Mary's arms, I heard her hit the grass and rush forward, hands clutching my shoulders. Her fingers dig into the folds of my shirt. I looked back at her and caught the look in her eyes, so wide, I saw the sparks of her fear.

"I need them to go and find Wendy," I said, pulling myself free. "If I report to them the errors I detected today, they'll—"

"Kill you," Mary whispered, reaching to grab me again. "They're ordered to kill you."

What?

What? I looked back at the squad cars, at the officers. There was a female cop near the school's entrance, leaned against one of the cars. Her hand was to her ear, city-band to her lips. I could make out what she said, even with the feet between us. " We haven't found any of the rogue-droids, sir, but we're looking. Yes, our guns are equipped. Shoot at the mark, understood."

We haven't found any of the rogue-droids, sir, but we're looking. Yes, our guns are equipped. Shoot at the mark, understood."

Rogue-droids? Shoot the mark? Destroying the mark means they'll...

Rogue-droids? Shoot the mark? Destroying the mark means they'll... "Erase my data..." I finally fell back into Mary's arms and let her pull me behind the trail of trees that bordered the school's playground. Once behind the trees, I let her check my face, my chest. Her fingers pressed and prodded against the sensor nodes under my skin. But I couldn't focus on her. I wanted to hear the other officers.

"They caught six androids off Lake St. Slaughtered the mall's assistant guards." I caught the words of an officer on the left. His hands were pressed into his red hair as he talked to another cop just as tall as he was. " The only thing we can do is shut them down. It's our asses or theirs."

"They caught six androids off Lake St. Slaughtered the mall's assistant guards." The only thing we can do is shut them down. It's our asses or theirs." "Bionics needs to step up. This isn't our mess. It's theirs."

"Bionics needs to step up. This isn't our mess. It's theirs." "Javi." I focused on Mary's face, blocking out the voices around us. Searching her eyes, I let my sensors calculate her mood in mathematical form, while the color on her cheeks told me the truth before she could. "They got here half an hour ago. All the teachers came out on the front lawn. They told them the androids did it, that they had taken Wendy. And the cops got the orders to search and destroy. I couldn't..."

I listened. I focused. I felt.

"... I couldn't let them catch you here."

But I could only focus on my priorities. My life wasn't high on my list.

"You didn't go after, Wendy." Mary sat back on her legs as I spoke. The sound of another car came close. The loud whoop whoop from one vehicle to another carried on along the wind. "You stayed here with me instead of saving my little sister."

whoop whoop Her hands slid away from my chest, eyes darting to the side to look through the leaves that kept us hidden. "Javier, if I had left you here and they found you..."

Looking back at the cars, I analyzed the situation. Three drove off, leaving four and eight officers behind. My computers told me their names, their badge numbers, and their orders, which did not work in my favor. According to each of them, I was the criminal. To them, it didn't matter why I came here.

"The cops can find her. And save her."

To them, Wendy didn't matter. Civilians were second to technological terror.

To them, Wendy didn't matter. Civilians were second to technological terror. "They're not going to find her." I turned back to Mary and shook my head. "Do you think I'm just going to sit here and wait for them to do their job?"

When I stood, she tried to pull me down. "Javi, you can't go out there—"

I snatched my hand away. "You didn't go after her."

"—because if you do, they'll kill you!" Her whispers rang with anger, shouting as quietly as she could. "If we just wait for them to leave, then maybe—"

"There's no maybe." I reached down and grabbed her wrist. It took just one hard tug to pull her to her feet. The shock on her face couldn't register with my computers. Data fizzled out of clarity, letters breaking down into pixels. They turned to dust before my eyes, blurring the edges of my vision like mist in a fog. "Their job is to protect the people they can see. Wendy is last on their list. And I won't sit around here and wait until they leave before I can do my job. My family is who I need to protect."

my I As another car drove past, sunlight reflected off the front hood and spread rays between the trees. Mary reacted, panicked, and pressed herself against my chest. But I didn't hold her, comfort her. I kept her wrist in my hand.

"If the broken droids took her, where would they go?"

Mary looked up at me. Her dark brown eyes were wide, confused.

"Where are you keeping them?"

you "Androids sighted near August and North! A conference hall is surrounded. Move out!"

"Androids sighted near August and North! A conference hall is surrounded. Move out!" Feet hurried across the parking lot. Three of the four cars turned on and sped down the street. With the air free of constant, worried chatter, Mary slumped against me and closed her eyes. I felt her breath hot against my chest.

"Okay," was all she said.





*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





10 || T E N




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Only a human heart can depend on simple feelings. The brain depends on logic. Requires it."

"Only a human heart can depend on simple feelings. The brain depends on logic. Requires it." "Only a human heart can depend on simple feelings. The brain depends on logic. Requires it." *

* The sirens never ended. In fact, they went on and on down streets, over onto the next blocks. Mary managed to sneak me back across the parking lot and into her car, but I wasn't like the broken androids. Despite my battery levels, I was functioning and gave off a signal. Passing by the squad cars proved it.

Every officer looked at us as we passed. They watched us.

As they threw broken Androids into the back of their paddy wagons.

"Mary..." I leaned the passenger seat as far back as I could to keep from being seen. But with them scanning the area, I knew we were a moving beacon. It was only a matter of time before they stopped us. I only needed to find Wendy first. After that, they could do what they wanted to me.

"Yeah?" Mary was uneasy in the driver's seat. I knew she tried to keep her eyes forward, but she scanned our surroundings, stared at the cops. And her temperature spiked.

"Do you know where you're going?" I pressed my palms against my face and blew hot air against my skin. My core was on fire. Sparks kept going off deep within my chest. It made me sick. "Do you know where she is?"

"I think so." Mary tapped the steering wheel nervously as she turned right down the street. I felt the pull from the scanners outside while she did it. Police knew I was inside. They had. "There's only one place they could be..."

"You think?" I wasn't trying to sound angry, but it rang in my voice. Every word. Every sound. A pitch that elevated and deepened without me meaning to do it.

Emotion. Pure emotion.

Emotion. Pure emotion. "Yeah..." The car stopped, and I pulled my hands away from my face. Looking over at Mary, I watched as she pulled her bottom lip between her teeth, as her hands fell from the steering wheel. The nervousness on her face slid away, relaced with disgust. The sound she made. The gasp.

Pushing my hands against the sides of my seat, I sat up, just enough to see over the dashboard.

"They can't do this," Mary whispered as I stared out the car's front window.

She hadn't stopped because she wanted to. She had no choice. Squad cars blocked off the intersection, leaving traffic with nowhere to go, but to sit and wait. Wait and watch. Watch as officers of the law pulled Androids out from their place of programmed employment, but these droids weren't broken. I felt them.

We synced.

Confusion. Disrupted orders. Bionic laws.

Confusion. Disrupted orders. Bionic laws. They did not retaliate against law enforcement. It was against every programming they'd ever receive. And because of it, they accepted death.



"They can't..." Mary shook her head, gripped the steering wheel, and leaned forward. "They're not broken..."

Guns fired, bullets aimed right at the Bionics symbol on their necks. Blue liquid spilled out from their forced wounds and the light in their eyes died. One by one, I watched twenty or more Androids go out like blown-out candles. And one by one, their bodies were dragged across the street.

Onlookers didn't stop the police. Some sacrificed their droids.

"Mr. Anderson?" A young android with a boyish face turned and faced his owner as he was forced to stand in the street. "What about the grocery list?"

Mr. Anderson, an older man, pulled his red sweater tight around him before he turned and shook his head. Without question, taking the push as permission, an officer pointed her gun at the android's neck and fired.

"Stop it!" Mary slammed her hands against the steering wheel before pushing her side door open. Her feet nearly as she stepped out into the street. And I cursed under my breath.

The hell is she doing?

The hell is she doing? "You can't do this!" she yelled.

Mary, if you don't get your ass back in the car...

Mary, if you don't get your ass back in the car... She approached the squad barricade, hands in the air. Those in the streets stared at her, eyes wide with shock and worry. An older couple huddled close together, shaking their heads. But Mary continued and approached the droid who had just been shot down. "He didn't do anything!"

"Ma'am." The officer who fired the death shot looked at her as she secured her weapon. "Mayor's call. If you haven't noticed, androids have been causing some problems out here."

"Mayor's call?" Sitting up in my seat, I watched as Mary shook her head so hard, her curls moved in every direction. She looked at the officer, disbelief on every inch of her face. "Destroying Government property is not the Mayor's call!"

not Government's property?

Government's property? I leaned against the glove compartment.

"I think the violence trumps whatever agreements Bionics might've had." The officer turned and looked back at the group with her. "We're only doing our jobs."

Mary's biggest mistake wasn't confronting the cops. It wasn't approaching the fallen droid. It was looking back at the car... at me. Once her face turned in my direction and eyes locked on to mine, the officers around her did the same.

Shit...

Shit... I was a deer caught in headlights. And like any animal facing death, I saw red. Then white. It took just one push on the passenger side door to get it open.

And I ran.

|||

||| "Stop!"

Like Mary, my foot slipped against the asphalt. Sparks exploded under every part of my skin as I pushed forward and ran. Wind pushed through and around my sweater. Air smacked my face.

All I heard were yells behind me.

"Android! We command you to stop!" an officer yelled.

"You can't stop him!" It was Mary. Her shriek hit my ears. My internal device latched onto her emotion. Because it was mine, too. Fear. "He doesn't take orders! He's not broken!"

Fear. "Oh, yeah!" Another officer yelled, voice deeper than the last. My legs pushed to run faster, but the voice kept up. They were running, too. The sound of their stomping feet echoed behind me. "If he ain't broken, then why is he running, huh?"



Because you want to kill me. And I can't die until I know Wendy is okay.

Because you want to kill me. And I can't die until I know Wendy is okay. When I made it to the end of the street, my hand instinctively reached out for a light post. I grabbed it, fingers tight around the metal, and used it to slow down. Why? I wasn't sure. Because my mechanical heart nearly exploded in my chest when I pushed against it and turned.

Mary came up the street, running fast behind three officers. Those who remained by the cars held up their weapons. The people on the sides of the street pulled out their phones, recording, uploading.

I was video quality.

I "Stop running!" The officer who'd been yelling at me slowed down and reached for the weapon nestled within his holster. "Stop and come with us."

Looking at him gave me no solace. It was the police's job to make you feel safe. Then they'd arrest you. Or, in an android's case, destroy the main circuit that provided life.

But I need mine.

But I need mine. Metal squeaked beneath my skin before I let the light post go. "I need to find my sister," I told him, pointing back in the direction of the school. "That's why you were at Harris. My sister was the one the androids took!"

He stopped, glancing back as Mary finally caught up with him. Hunched over and gasping for breath, she agreed and nodded, looking at me with concerned eyes. "We were on our way to pick her up," she wheezed.

"Oh?" The cop didn't care. In one motion, he pulled out his weapon and pointed it at me. "All of you droids sync up. Tell us where they are and we'll go get her."

"No, no, no!" Mary reached out and grabbed his arm. His finger pushed down on the trigger. A bullet left the barrel and I swear I watched it spin; golden copper glowing in the sunlight. The sound it made when it broke through my skin echoed through me. My metal frame cracked on impact.

Crying out, I fell back against the concrete. When I rolled, blue liquid spilled around me.

Battery at thirty percent.

Battery at thirty percent. "No!" Mary grabbed the man's hand and tried to pull his gun from him. The other officers who had run with him pointed their gun at her instead. But she didn't back down. She kept fighting. "He isn't broken! Broken droids don't sync, they don't even move!"

"Then what the hell is going on? Tell us that!" As I struggled to stand up again, the first officer who'd shot the young droid walked towards Mary. Her gun was lifted, finger sitting impatiently on that trigger.

No. Not Mary, too. Please.

No. Not Mary, too. Please. "What?" Mary pushed back off the cop she fought with and stumbled in my direction. "I don't know what's going on—"

She's telling the truth.

She's telling the truth. I looked down at the opposite end of the street. I thought there'd be more cars, more police officers. Instead, I saw small red lights.

"—but the androids out there doing this, killing people and bots, aren't broken . I... I—"

broken "Bionics is hiding something!" Two officers called out the same accusation, voices overlapping just a syllable off from the other. The cops behind them glanced at each other before lifting their wristbands to their mouths.

I don't know. Are they?

I don't know. Are they? Looking back at the red dots down the road, I squinted, trying to focus. Losing fluid didn't make it easy. My vision blurred. My body shook. And I struggled to keep standing.

"We'll need backup. We've got Mary Jordan harboring a Rogue—"

Rogue? I'm not a Rogue...

Rogue? I'm not a Rogue... The dots came closer, half a mile away.

"—requesting units to be sent to the Jordan residence. We believe they're behind the android attacks."

"What?" Mary walked back into me and I side-stepped to keep my balance. I weakly reached out to grab her, but I kept my eyes on the dots. Because they weren't dots, but droids. The very same that had been out in front of my house.

And the red hadn't been lights at all, but their eyes. Red, glowing eyes.

"Sir!" I heard the sound of guns readying to fire. "Droids approaching. Orders, sir!"

Mary's hand latched onto mine as she turned and looked at the line of androids that approached. There were more than before, totaling thirty. As they got closer, I felt static in the air. My skin buzzed uncomfortably.

"Shoot 'em!" The main officer yelled. "Once they're close enough, aim for that brand and fire!"

Don't.

Don't. I looked back at the officers, each moving away from the safety of their cars. The onlookers who had remained along the side of the roads hurried off, screaming. Phones fell to the ground, still recording.

Mary's fingers tightened around mine. The sound of the droids' advancing feet echoed; loud marching steps. I turned and looked at Mary as she pulled my hand, urging me to leave the road and hide. Knowing that we no longer had the officers' attention, I complied and followed.

Yet, as we hurried into the nearby alleyway, completely out of sight, I forced my computers to run and follow commands. Stumbling into Mary, I leaned against the brick wall of the grocery store that hid us. "Open communications."

Mary pressed her hand against my chest, eyeing the street. And she whispered, "What are you doing?"

I watched as my systems struggled to pull up my contacts and call logs. The letters that appeared over my eyes weren't legible. Wincing, I tried anyway. "Call Juan Morales."

" Unable to process this command. System error."

Unable to process this command. System error." I squeezed my eyes shut, sliding down the wall an inch. The brick tugged at my sweater. Still, I tried again. "Call. Juan. Morales."

A sputtering sound, followed by a beep, went off in my head. " Unable to process this command. System—"

Unable to process this command. System—" "Call my Dad." I slid all the way down to the ground as the droid's echoing stomps got so close, the sound pushed through my chest and inside my core. "Just call my fucking Dad!"

Mary pressed a finger to my lips as my computers, again, told me the process couldn't be complete. Only this time, it said, " There is no such contact. Please correct your command."

There is no such contact. Please correct your command." Lifting my gaze, I met Mary's sad eyes as she shook her head, silently telling me to be quiet. But I couldn't hide what I felt. Panic took over. Red filled my vision. And as she pressed against me, keeping me covered with the dumpster, I whispered into her shoulder. "I need to tell him I can't get Wendy... that I failed."

Guns fired in the street.

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





11 || E L E V E N




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "But even logic isn't dependable. It's all impulsive. Can't you see?"

"But even logic isn't dependable. It's all impulsive. Can't you see?" "But even logic isn't dependable. It's all impulsive. Can't you see?" *

* "Call for backup!"

The moment the androids were just feet away from the officers in the street, they broke out into a run. I couldn't see them but heard them, felt them. Their metal meeting asphalt sent vibrations up the street and through the alley, sending painful surges up into my skin. I hissed into Mary's shoulder and held her tight.

And she held me back. "It's okay," she whispered, almost in tears. "If we stay here, they won't see us."

Guns fired again. Screams echoed in the air. The officers shouted at each other as cars started their engines. But the sounds of breaking glass and failed sirens came right after.

They were losing.

"We can't stay here." I trembled, feeling the warmth of my fluids sliding down my chest. The heat of the bullet damaged my skin. My nano-bots couldn't react and heal.

This... this is a human death, isn't it? Bleeding out. Fading away.

This... this is a human death, isn't it? Bleeding out. Fading away. "We have no choice." I felt Mary turn her head towards the street. Her whimpers hit my ear. Each time a gun fired, a body slammed, she tensed. Her heart beat like mad, I could hear it. "If we move, they'll find us."

I slammed my head back against the brick behind me and stared up at the sky. The clouds spread over the sun, hiding us in late afternoon shadows. I heard thunder rumble in the air. Even nature knew of the troubles we were in.

"But Wendy." I lifted my hand to cup the back of her head to keep her close. "If I don't leave here... Wendy will..."

I wasn't sure what would happen to Wendy. I couldn't think of it, either. The androids—or Rogues, as the cops called them—had ulterior motives, far from the limits programmed within our cores. Why else would they attack? Kill? Androids would never do that, broken or not.

But Mary had said it, right?

These droids weren't broken.

These droids weren't broken. What were they, then?

"Javi." The side exit to the grocery store clicked, unlocked, and Mary's fingers gripped my sweater so tight, the material rubbed against my wound. I shifted back, hissing in discomfort, but kept her close. Both of us looked at the door as it pressed against the brick wall, opening wide.

Moving slowly up the wall, I kept her close to me, eyes on the door. My computers tried to scan the store, but without much power, I was practically useless. Each attempt to pull up a command came with a subtle, yet dangerous reminder.

Battery low. Twenty-nine percent.

Battery low. Twenty-nine percent. "We have to run," I whispered into her curls, glancing back at the violence that filled the streets. "I just can't analyze which way to go."



"There's no way to go." Mary's voice was as quiet as mine. She moved her head to look up at me. "We're stuck."

Stuck was a good word. Because I'd rather have been stuck, then dead. But death at this point was inevitable.

Right?

Right? A single, white gym shoe stepped out from the door and paused as if waiting. Watching. I watched it, too, hoping my sensors would kick in. I only needed one to tell me who, or what, it was.

But the shoe was followed by a leg, with dark jeans that blurred with static as I looked at it. Half of a body came next, then a hand, and a face. When the person turned to look at us, I sighed with relief. It wasn't a droid or a cop, but Will, my old friend.

He didn't smile when we locked eyes, but he motioned us to go near him. And inside. He did this all without words.

"Javi, I—" Mary tried to protest, but the second she opened her mouth, I grabbed her hand and made her follow me. Inside was safe. Something told me to trust Will. It was either trust him or stay out in the street like sitting ducks. I couldn't afford to be the droids, or the cops, next kill.

Looking at Will, I nodded, silently agreeing to follow him. When he moved aside, we slid through the side door and into the cool air of the store's back freezer. It took him just seconds to close the door and block us from the screams outside. Just seconds to put us in the cold darkness.

Mary's body pressed against mine as the lights went off. Feet moved around us as they came back, flickering. When the room became bright again, I glanced at the back ends of store coolers, lined with racks of frozen foods. And Will, because he stood in front of me, worry etched on every part of his young face.

Lifting just one hand, he pointed at the door behind us and whispered, "The fuck is going on, man?"

I didn't have answers for Will. Or anyone. And that was out of my norm. I, Javier, the perfect droid, could answer any question before a heart could even beat. But as we stood in the freezer, trembling from the cold, I had nothing to say.

My computers were at their lowest setting.

"Charging required. Searching for compatible bases."

"Charging required. Searching for compatible bases." "Come here." Ignoring Will's question, Mary turned me towards her and checked my shoulder. My sweater, once grey, was now deep blue. And soaked through. Her fingers gently prodded my skin, and I closed my eyes. "Are you okay?" she asked me.

"No," I hissed, looking over at Will. He crossed his arms in the cold. Or with irritation. I couldn't tell.

"I need to close this." Mary pressed her hand over my shoulder and glanced at Will. "Are there kits back here?"

"Droid kits? Does it look like there are? It's a fuckin' freezer." Will's brows shot up high as he huffed out cold air.

"Why are you in a freezer?" Mary stepped between us. Her tone alone sliced through the mists that came down from the ceiling vents. I reached out my hand to pull her back with me.

"Dude, is she mental?" Will cupped his hands together and blew into them. "The store droid-assistants went bonkers before shutting off completely. Then, the news happened. Lisa left because of her kids, but I couldn't leave the store without an employee. So, I stayed. I just..."

His eyes trailed over the both of us before he glanced behind him, at the shelves and cooler doors. Outside the frosted glass, I could see the empty store. The hanging LED's that normally displayed sale items were changed, broadcasting news from various stations. Each reporter had a similar report.



" Androids have attacked a local library, taking young students hostage."

Androids have attacked a local library, taking young students hostage." "Streets are filled with the aftermath of a droid war. Robots fighting robots. What's the cause?"

"Streets are filled with the aftermath of a droid war. Robots fighting robots. What's the cause?" Will looked back at me and his brows pulled together in thought. "I was watching the security cameras for, you know, droids. Then I saw you guys in the alley." He nodded at both of us. "If I hadn't recognized you, man, I probably would've left you for the bots."

"Bot bait. Got it." Mary turned back toward me. Her hand touched my shoulder again, applying pressure to slow the ooze. "If I don't close this up, you'll shut down."

"I've shut down already," I said, looking at her hand. With a sigh, I touched her fingers before looking at Will again. "Thank you for pulling us in, but I need to go."

"No, you can't. Not like this." Mary wiped the irritation off her face and gave Will a pleading look. "Please, if your store has droid kits, I need one. His frame is damaged, and he's bleeding out. If I don't fix him, he'll die."

Die. Not again. I can't...

Die. Not again. I can't... Will didn't hesitate. He reacted.

Turning on the ball of his feet, he moved passed the shelves towards the freezer's double doors. One push with his hands filled the room with warm air, and I followed it to get out of the cold. Mary was on his heels as he led us through the aisles filled with food.

I couldn't be as close. Each step we took was hard, heavy. When my foot moved forward, I seemed to sink. The floor, like quicksand, almost swallowed me whole.

My legs started to buckle.

"Please." Mary didn't know Will's name, but once I was feet behind them, she turned and grabbed me. She held me up. One of her hands cupped my chin as she searched my eyes. "You're working on two sensors, aren't you?"

I wasn't sure. My system stopped classifying errors.

Mary looked back at Will again. "Get the kits and bring them here. I don't think he'll make it."

Will's hands went up into his hair and he tugged. Panic slid over his face. I watched his eyes nervously glance out at the front of the store, where the windows caught the perfect view from where he stood. He took three steps back, looked back at Mary, and nodded. "Good idea," he said, dropping his hands at his side. "Keep him here. I'll be right back."

Mary helped me sit on the floor, back pressed against the shelves to keep me steady. With one hand, she tugged my shirt over my head, and with the other, she cupped my neck. Her warm fingers played with the tips of my hair. "It's going to be okay," she said, moving her fingertips over to my Bionics brand.

"Is it?" I looked up at her. Her digital silhouette faded. For once I was able to see her in normal light; no data, no words. Just her and the way the light bled in through her curls. It brought back memories from different years, different days. They blended together and moved with her, blurring my reality with what was my past. "I haven't done my job. I haven't... I can't call my dad. I can't get Wendy. I... I failed, Mar."

"Stop it." Her fingers pressed down against my mark three times. The vision went out in my left eye. I saw a black background rimmed with blue lines. White letters slid down over the emptiness, like a rebooting computer screen. "You didn't fail. This isn't your job. You're not a regular bot, Javi, and don't forget that. You're reacting as a human should."

Human...

Human... When I turned my head, I heard my inner frame move. A strange whirring sound of wires tugging at steel. I felt robotic, not human. And that's why the cops outside were so keen on shooting me without hesitation.

Sensors non-functional. Calibrating core reactors.

Sensors non-functional. Calibrating core reactors. "We're going to find Wendy and your dad. I just need to fix you first."

The letters disappeared. The black turned white. And I took in a deep breath as every nerve in my body went off like the fourth of July.

Battery shutting down.

Battery shutting down. Mary's mouth opened, but I couldn't hear what she said. She was screaming, that was for sure. And she waved at Will to hurry, to bring the kits. But I couldn't see him when he returned. Vision went out in both of my eyes.

I was left with silence and darkness, like a peaceful night. One I remembered and could never forget.

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





12 || T W E L V E




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Impulse created everything. The world. It's people. I'm no different, you know."

"Impulse created everything. The world. It's people. I'm no different, you know." "Impulse created everything. The world. It's people. I'm no different, you know." *

* Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: July 3rd, 2016

Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: July 3rd, 2016 The rings fit perfectly around our fingers. Spontaneously purchased. No need to resize. They held up in our heat, never budging, never moving. Silver bands slick with our love.

The rings fit perfectly around our fingers. Spontaneously purchased. No need to resize. They held up in our heat, never budging, never moving. Silver bands slick with our love. I looked down at mine as the moonlight hit it. Spinning it once around, I smiled, happily sighing as the cool night air hit my face. That smile turned into an all-out, hearty laugh. I couldn't help myself.

I looked down at mine as the moonlight hit it. Spinning it once around, I smiled, happily sighing as the cool night air hit my face. That smile turned into an all-out, hearty laugh. I couldn't help myself. Who else could say they married the girl of their dreams? Their high school sweetheart? Not many. And I was proud to be amongst the few.

Who else could say they married the girl of their dreams? Their high school sweetheart? Not many. And I was proud to be amongst the few. "Javier?" Mary's sweet, yet seductive voice hit me as she opened the door to our motel room. Standing within the open doorway in just her underwear, I couldn't help but bite my lip.

"Javier?" Mary's sweet, yet seductive voice hit me as she opened the door to our motel room. Standing within the open doorway in just her underwear, I couldn't help but bite my lip. I turned my shoulder into the door frame as she opened it another inch, and another. A grin lifted my lips. "What'chu doing out of bed?" I asked.

I turned my shoulder into the door frame as she opened it another inch, and another. A grin lifted my lips. "What'chu doing out of bed?" I asked. Her beautiful, dark cheeks turned scarlet, and she looked down at her bra. Teasingly, she played with the lace bow in front of it. "I mean, you weren't in here." Only her brown eyes lifted to look at me. "Aren't I supposed to be in bed with my husband?"

Her beautiful, dark cheeks turned scarlet, and she looked down at her bra. Teasingly, she played with the lace bow in front of it. "I mean, you weren't in here." Only her brown eyes lifted to look at me. "Aren't I supposed to be in bed with my husband?" Reaching forward, I grabbed her hand before she could entice me inside. "You asked me to come out here, remember?" My tongue trailed along my bottom lip. "You wanted some ice cream."

Reaching forward, I grabbed her hand before she could entice me inside. "You asked me to come out here, remember?" My tongue trailed along my bottom lip. "You wanted some ice cream." "Well, I mean, you didn't go get it, so..." Mary pushed out her bottom lip and batted her eyelashes. "I won't complain if you come back inside. I miss you already."

"Well, I mean, you didn't go get it, so..." Mary pushed out her bottom lip and batted her eyelashes. "I won't complain if you come back inside. I miss you already." Honestly, I debated the option. I could easily slip back into the bedroom, take off every piece of her lingerie, and remind her just how far my love can go.

Honestly, I debated the option. I could easily slip back into the bedroom, take off every piece of her lingerie, and remind her just how far my love can go. But she wanted ice cream. And what my queen wants, she gets.

But she wanted ice cream. And what my queen wants, she gets. I leaned forward, and with just one finger, lifted her chin so our lips met. The kiss I gave her was soft, sweet, and quietly told her to hold out until I made it back. "Give me half an hour, okay?" I whispered, looking at her with hooded eyes. "I'll grab you that ice cream and be right back."

I leaned forward, and with just one finger, lifted her chin so our lips met. The kiss I gave her was soft, sweet, and quietly told her to hold out until I made it back. "Give me half an hour, okay?" I whispered, looking at her with hooded eyes. "I'll grab you that ice cream and be right back." Mary's head dipped against the side of the door as she watched me take three steps back. "But the store isn't around here. We're in the middle of bu-fu."

Mary's head dipped against the side of the door as she watched me take three steps back. "But the store isn't around here. We're in the middle of bu-fu." I smiled and bit the insides of my cheek. Having a secluded night was her idea, not mine. But there had been a reason why we said our I do's in front of a judge and not a priest. And why her father called her phone every fifteen minutes.

I smiled and bit the insides of my cheek. Having a secluded night was her idea, not mine. But there had been a reason why we said our I do's in front of a judge and not a priest. And why her father called her phone every fifteen minutes. Not wanting to think of the negative, I pushed the thoughts away and smiled. My hands slid along the sides of the stair railing as I walked down into the parking lot. "Just a half-hour, babe. I promise I'll make it up to you."

Not wanting to think of the negative, I pushed the thoughts away and smiled. My hands slid along the sides of the stair railing as I walked down into the parking lot. "Just a half-hour, babe. I promise I'll make it up to you."

I pulled open the driver's side door and looked up where she stood; still with the door open, still in her underwear. I took a minute to admire every inch of her before I jumped in the car and drove away.

I pulled open the driver's side door and looked up where she stood; still with the door open, still in her underwear. I took a minute to admire every inch of her before I jumped in the car and drove away. The cold air from the opened window helped reduce the heat swelling in my body. Sweet guitar rifts came out from the radio, and I tapped my hands on my steering wheel, matching the beat. It calmed me. By the time I drove a mile down the road, I was cool, collected, but eager to get back.

The cold air from the opened window helped reduce the heat swelling in my body. Sweet guitar rifts came out from the radio, and I tapped my hands on my steering wheel, matching the beat. It calmed me. By the time I drove a mile down the road, I was cool, collected, but eager to get back. "All right," I said to myself as I slowed the car before the train tracks, stopping before the separator went down. My hands checked my pockets. "Ice cream."

"All right," I said to myself as I slowed the car before the train tracks, stopping before the separator went down. My hands checked my pockets. "Ice cream." I patted once. Twice. But the sides of my jeans were flat. Empty.

I patted once. Twice. But the sides of my jeans were flat. Empty. A low groan left my lips as I stared out the front of the car. "I left my wallet. Shit."

A low groan left my lips as I stared out the front of the car. "I left my wallet. Shit." The music continued to play as I checked the glove compartment, the side-pockets on both doors. Feeling slightly helpless, I tapped the car's dashboard, pulling up my call log. "Bionics," I commanded my car's built-in assistant. "Call Mary."

The music continued to play as I checked the glove compartment, the side-pockets on both doors. Feeling slightly helpless, I tapped the car's dashboard, pulling up my call log. "Bionics," I commanded my car's built-in assistant. "Call Mary." "Calling now," the car responded with a male voice. When I reached into the backseats, pulled up jackets and old sweaters, the car chirped, confirming the connection. "Mary Morales," it said.

"Calling now," the car responded with a male voice. When I reached into the backseats, pulled up jackets and old sweaters, the car chirped, confirming the connection. "Mary Morales," it said. My eyes went wide. And I smiled.

My eyes went wide. And I smiled. "Javi?" Mary's voice came from the car's front speakers as I glanced at the pink call-light. I couldn't help but laugh as I sat straight up in my seat, feet pressed down beside the gas pedals. "Javi, are you calling about your wallet?" I heard something tap on her end of the call. "'Cause, it's here."

"Javi?" Mary's voice came from the car's front speakers as I glanced at the pink call-light. I couldn't help but laugh as I sat straight up in my seat, feet pressed down beside the gas pedals. "Javi, are you calling about your wallet?" I heard something tap on her end of the call. "'Cause, it's here." I didn't care about the wallet. Leaning my forehead against my hands, I looked down at my lap and listened to her sweet voice. "Mar, when did you change your call information?"

I didn't care about the wallet. Leaning my forehead against my hands, I looked down at my lap and listened to her sweet voice. "Mar, when did you change your call information?" She giggled, and my heart exploded with happiness. "Today," she said. "We're married, so it's only right."

She giggled, and my heart exploded with happiness. "Today," she said. "We're married, so it's only right." Biting down on my thumb, I shifted closer in my seat. "What about your Dad, your Mom, your—"

Biting down on my thumb, I shifted closer in my seat. "What about your Dad, your Mom, your—" "Javi." Mary cut me off as I saw white lights, but couldn't pay attention to them. I focused on her voice. "I love you. And what we did is forever, okay? You and me. I'll always be Mrs. Morales, baby."

"Javi." Mary cut me off as I saw white lights, but couldn't pay attention to them. I focused on her voice. "I love you. And what we did is forever, okay? You and me. I'll always be Mrs. Morales, baby." There was beeping. Dinging. But I was too happy and clapped my hands together, hollering into the night. How many times had we argued about our families? Our lives? I was the boy her parents didn't like, and she was the girl mine couldn't stand. And yet, I called her, and my car announced her name the way it would to the world: Mary Morales.

There was beeping. Dinging. But I was too happy and clapped my hands together, hollering into the night. How many times had we argued about our families? Our lives? I was the boy her parents didn't like, and she was the girl mine couldn't stand. And yet, I called her, and my car announced her name the way it would to the world: Mary Morales. "Mary, I—"

"Mary, I—" I had pressed my foot down on the gas pedal without meaning to. The car rushed forward as the lights from the oncoming train blinded me. No time to react, to think, I held up a hand and thought I had time to reverse. But trains were faster than anyone could see.

I had pressed my foot down on the gas pedal without meaning to. The car rushed forward as the lights from the oncoming train blinded me. No time to react, to think, I held up a hand and thought I had time to reverse. But trains were faster than anyone could see. The front of my car was hit. It spun. I flipped. And the last sound I heard was Mary, screaming, crying.

The front of my car was hit. It spun. I flipped. And the last sound I heard was Mary, screaming, crying. And darkness. Peaceful, tranquil silence.

And darkness. Peaceful, tranquil silence. |||

" Systems rebooting. Recalibrating data. Fifty percent."

Systems rebooting. Recalibrating data. Fifty percent." I opened my eyes. The sight of Bionics' symbol came into view. The gold emblem decorated with medical snakes surrounded the B within the company's name. When I blinked again, and my battery increased, the design fizzled and broke down, like dying pixels.

The store's aisles came into view.

"You're doing what?" I heard Will's voice. Panic lifted every syllable. "Mary, that's fucking crazy. Didn't you see those cops out there? You think they're just going to let you?"



I turned my head and found myself staring at cans of tuna. Organic. Dolphin free.

"I don't have a choice," Mary spoke next. She'd been crying. My sensors reacted to every pitch, every emotion. I could hear her wristband chirping endlessly. "My Dad won't answer, mom's AWOL. My personal droid hasn't responded to any of my sent requests... I don't even know if he's safe out there."

"But—"

"No, there isn't time for buts . I've got no one I can call to get an update. And out there, that's all clear to me. But Javi has a point; they've got Wendy. If I don't get him there, he'll... I'll..."

buts My hands pressed firmly against the floor, right at my sides. My head moved back, and I focused my eyes on the ceiling. The electricity that coursed through the building was clear to me. Faint blue lines behind the tile.

"It's been three hours. Androids are outside the White House. The fucking White House! Do you really think taking him to a factory where you build things is really going to make this better?"

fucking I pushed my palms into the floor and sat up. Turning my head brought on mechanical sounds; my metal frame pulling at my power chords. One shake. Two shakes. I wanted to rid myself of the static in my head.

"For right here, right now, yes!" Mary screamed at Will. My head shot up in their direction. They stood just under the television where another news broadcast played. In Mary's hands was the scalpel from the droid kit, tip stained blue.

That's my blood, isn't it...

That's my blood, isn't it... I glanced down at my chest. My sweater had been changed and I wore a white tee. Yet, near my navel, there was a fresh stain; a single blue dot. Another wound, manual scan.

Battery at ninety-two percent. Base sensors functional. Shut down may have caused errors.

Battery at ninety-two percent. Base sensors functional. Shut down may have caused errors. My fingers pressed against the stain on my shirt.

Analyzing data.

Analyzing data. "Javi?" Mary was suddenly crouched in front of me, scalpel on the ground. A trembling hand lifted to touch my face. "How are you feeling?"

Will was behind her. Her hair was a mess, cheeks flushed with anger and fear. His eyes looked at me before glancing up at the flatscreen as the news reporter, stuck out in the field, hid behind a car in a crowded parking lot.

"Kyle Marks here, reporting in. The Androids have taken over the police departments. Everyone, stay indoors. Please." The reporter covered his face and tried to hide his tears. " Someone come get us..."

"Kyle Marks here, reporting in. The Androids have taken over the police departments. Everyone, stay indoors. Please." Someone come get us..." Mary's fingers on my cheeks pulled my attention back to her. And her dark eyes. A silhouette of her emotions surrounded her.

Fear. Guilt. Regret.

Fear. Guilt. Regret. I blinked.

"I closed off the wound and sealed the burns caused to your metal, but... there's some damage done." Her hand dropped from my face and slid down my chest, settling over my house. "Four of your sensors were cut out by the bullet, and I tried to reconnect your core to function differently. I was... Javi, I didn't think you'd wake up."

"I'm awake." I placed my hand over hers and squeezed. "I'm functioning."

"At what capacity?" she whispered her question, not wanting Will to hear. But he did. His gaze had settled back on the both of us.

And I shook my head. With Mary's hand still in mine, I stood and pulled her with me. The hair that fell over her face, I moved it, tucking strands behind her ear. She was speechless, concerned. But I was alive. Different.

I felt it. Glancing down at one hand, I spread my fingers open wide.

I felt it. "Javi?" Her hand grabbed my shirt and gripped the material tight. I moved an inch forward, eyes on her. "Please clarify your functioning capacity?"

With my other hand, I pushed her hand off me and down at her sides. "Alive," I said as I touched her face. "Can't you see that?"

"But, when I had opened you up, I—"

"I'm fine." Turning my gaze away from her, I looked at Will next. "I know you're worried about what we need to do, but understand my sister is important to me."

He stared at me, trying to read my composition. I could feel his eyes try to dig into my digital soul. But it was hard to read a droid's expression, no matter how human it'd feel. Shaking his head, he pulled his eyes off me and stared down at his shoes. His hands danced nervously in front of him. "Okay, I get it, but if I open these doors—"

"Security is down, not connected to the city." I pointed up at the ceiling because I could see every circuit that flowed through the store. "Letting us outside won't bring any of them to you."

Will's head shot up as the television cut off. A long, steady beep of standby , technical difficulties played on the screen.

standby technical difficulties "I..." Mary tried to touch me again, and I looked at her. "Javier, I wanted him to cause a diversion while we ran."

"While we ran?" I tilted my head. "Why are we running?"

Mary's hands went up to my face, and she cupped my cheeks. She looked at me for a minute, eyes digging into mine. I wondered what she wanted to say, to explain. But she didn't utter a word, a sound. Not even a breath.

With just the tips of her fingers, she turned my head to look out the front of the store, out of the tall, glass windows. The sky had turned down. Stars had placed themselves across the sky like string lights. But it wasn't the night that caught me, or the purple fading into navy hues. It was the silence that hung in the air outside the store's main entrance. The wind that picked up not one scream.

Approaching the window, I scanned the area. There wasn't a single droid in sight; functioning or not. The air was free of electricity, of syncing waves. It was just us, the quiet street, and the silent cries of a city falling under the Android attack.

It wasn't until I looked towards the right, from where we'd come from, that I saw a light so out of place. A fire, so high and burning bright. Seeing its source made me grind my teeth, bite my cheeks, and take in a deep breath. I reached back to grab Mary's hand. "They've destroyed the car," I whispered, slowly shaking my head.

"Yeah." Mary's fingers linked with mine as I heard Will run back through the store. "We either run to get her, or wait to see what happens."

I looked at her.

"But I know what you want. And I understand."

When I glanced up to try and find Will, I couldn't. He'd gone, hiding, leaving us alone. And who could blame him?

Letting out a deep breath, I squeezed Mary's hand again. "Okay," was all I could say.

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





13 || T H I R T E E N




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "I'll admit, sometimes the extent of my Human Code surprises me. This kind of technology should be impossible..."

"I'll admit, sometimes the extent of my Human Code surprises me. This kind of technology should be impossible..." "I'll admit, sometimes the extent of my Human Code surprises me. This kind of technology should be impossible..." *

* Theorists got it wrong. Worlds do not crumble in three days under distress. It takes three hours. And if there is a stronger party, they'd plant their feet flat on the earth and raise their flag without questions asked.

Androids had risen every banner ever made in their honor. Bionics proud. And there was nothing anyone could do about it.

Bionics proud. As Mary and I stood out back, watching Will rush to grab his car out of the store's small parking lot, I thought the same about me—there was nothing I could do about it. I was an Android in the law's eyes, meaning I was expendable. But to the droids, I was... I wasn't sure. That bot out at the school's parking lot wanted me to find him and took Wendy with him as leverage. It was a game of cat and mouse, I was sure of it.

Except... I wouldn't be the mouse in this game. I was never one for losing, either.

Mary put her hand on my chest to press me against the store's brick wall. I looked down at her fingers, almost pale with fear, before I looked at her face. My sensors picked up on her pulse, heart racing past what was healthy. The whites in her eyes were almost ghostly, as though she were two steps away from death.

Reaching up, I touched her hand, just as Will slowly pulled the car in front of us. "Breathe," I told her.

Will unlocked the doors, nervously glancing around the streets nearby. It was quiet; not a person, not a droid. Fires on front lawns were brighter than streetlamps. Their crackling flames were our only noise.

"I can't breathe," she whispered as she dropped her hand and reached for the car's door. She didn't bother to look at me as she dipped into the backseat. "I can't..."

My hand pulled at the passenger-side handle, pulling it slowly. Like Will had done, I looked up and around the street. There wasn't an electrical rush, no static. We were in the clear.

I hope.

I hope. "You can." Closing my side door, I turned back, arm draped over the headrest of my seat. "Breathe with me."

Her emotions sparked. Temperature increased. All while my battery life flashed in the corners of my eyes.

Battery at ninety-one percent.

Battery at ninety-one percent. I hadn't been fixed.

"Can we do this woo-sah later?" Will asked, hands nervously on ten and two. "You guys want me to take you where?"

It was funny how I knew... funny because science or Bionics couldn't explain it. Mary had said she reconnected my systems, so I'd function differently. Because of it, I saw my state map differently than I had hours before. The Bionics facilities, their "drop-off point" for broken droids—I knew them as well as the back of my hand. And no one had to tell me a thing.

function differently.

I just needed help getting there.

Digging into my computer's files, I retrieved the address we needed to get to. "The I-90." I shot Will a side-glance. "There are a few old warehouses about seven miles down."

"Seven?" Will's hands gripped the wheel. I heard the rubber squeak under his hands. "Seven miles?"

It was clear I was the only one in my right state of mine. Yes, I'd reacted on impulse earlier. And yes, I feel . But when it came down to it, my path was set in front of me—point A. I needed to get to point B.

feel "Right." Reaching around the steering wheel, I tapped the digital dashboard on Will's car. The menu came up, requesting commands, awaiting input. I ignored every option and pressed my palm flat against the screen. The car hummed with the connection as I tapped into its Bionics sensors. "I'm uploading the directions now. Following the streets I've provided will get us there in half an hour, tops."

Will did nothing but blink. Behind us, Mary had scooted forward on the very edge of her seat. I didn't need to look at her to know the expression on her face.

Shock. Confusion.

Shock. Confusion. "Just do it." I slammed my hand against the dashboard and gritted my teeth. "Move."

|||

||| Do it.

Move.

These became nothing but words to me; unmade commands. As the car drove down the empty streets, passed the abandoned patrol cars and mini-vans with open doors, my composure started to crack. Break. Right down the middle.

Law enforcement bordered the intersections at the end of our town, but it wasn't to stop people; they were hunting droids. Which meant pushing my seat far back to hide was easier than I thought. Will passed them without looking out the windows, and Mary double-checked—a quick glanced back—but they didn't pay us any attention.

That only meant Androids were on their radar. My small Bionics beacon wasn't what they needed. And I didn't know it until we were just half a mile from the warehouse I'd noted on the map.

I felt it in the air; the pull, the tension.

Static...

Static... In my head again...

In my head again... The closer we got, the harder it was to move, to breathe. My sensors went haywire, picking up on signals from every part of town. I squeezed my eyes shut to get rid of the feeling, but that pull tugged at my chest, my artificial lungs, and I took in a deep, hard breath.

Interference.

Interference. It wasn't until we were just feet from the massive building and its dark windows that I reached out and grabbed Will's arm like it'd been falling off his shoulders. My fingers dug into his skin, nails into his sweater, and he shouted at me, trying to yank himself free. "Dude!"

"Stop the car, Will." Mary reached both hands out from the backseat and grabbed my arm. Yet, I didn't look at her when she did it. My eyes were forward, focused, searching. My sensors picked up on the location of bots and people.

And Wendy.

"Javi." Mary gave my arm a hard shark. "Hey, listen to me."

"I see her." My fingers slid away from Will's arm as the car finally stopped. He pulled it close to him, gripping it tight. And I leaned forward, hands on the glove compartment. Just before us, I could see the warehouse light up with tiny location markers, like a Christmas tree. Wendy's signal was at the lowest level.

"Wendy?" Mary had moved between Will and me to look ahead. She couldn't see what I saw, but I knew she was aware of the number of droids inside. "Where is she?"

"There." I pointed ahead, at the far back end of the warehouse. "There's a bot beside her, and..."

The interference returned, static, and feedback covered over my vision. For a moment, all I saw was white snow. Leaning forward, I pressed my forehead against my hands and tried to will it away. Mentally, I told myself to work to be functional.

Don't break down. Not again. Think, Javi. Think.

Don't break down. Not again. Think, Javi. Think. "Will." I listened as Mary sat back in her seat. "Do you think you can pull the car over there, into the trees?"

Sparks went off under my skin. In my head, I could see Wendy's face. Smiling, happy, always full of life. When I lifted my head and found I could see the warehouse again, emotion gripped my chest.

She'd been screaming for me in that van, begging me to save her. And I didn't do it.

Yet, as I pushed myself back into my seat, my sensors cleared themselves up and I found Wendy's signal again; alone. Stretching my fingers, I cracked the knuckles on my left hand.

"Do I stay with the car?" Will nervously asked. "Do I—"

"Stay with it," I said, my voice deeper than I'd expected. "Hide in the trees. Stay out of sight."

"But—"

As Will opened his mouth to complain, I turned and looked at him. Judging by the look on his face, he could see the emotion on mine.

Anger.

Anger. "Stay in here, Will. Better to be here, in the trees, than Mary's original plan of feeding you to the murder-bots—"

Mary scoffed, taken aback in the backseat.

"—So, I need you to be safe, all right? I refuse to lose track of anyone else."

Will's face softened, and his hands went lax, dropping from the wheel. He glanced back at Mary, as did I, and the two of us watched as her eyes widened in disbelief. Her stare bounced from him to me, then out the front of the car where she focused on the warehouses. I wanted to read her thoughts, whatever ran through her mind. My sensors could only tell me so much.

Fear. Excitement. Determination.

Fear. Excitement. Determination. "What will we do when we get in?" she asked as I opened the car door.

My hand settled on the handle, my foot on asphalt before I looked at her. What she said repeated in my head.

And she spoke again. "Do we grab her and run?"

The handle bent under the pressure of my sudden grip. I hesitated. Thinking. Feeling. Waves of energy rushing over me as the interference returned. For a second, I heard the sound of crashing waves.

"I know they're all broken, but I think I can—"

I turned back to look at her before I stepped out of the car. With just my head inside and hands on the door, I shook my head and met her confused gaze. "You're not coming with me."

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





14 || F O U R T E E N




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "You know what else is impossible? Compromise—actual, real genuine compromise..."

"You know what else is impossible? Compromise—actual, real genuine compromise..." "You know what else is impossible? Compromise—actual, real genuine compromise..." *

* "Javier, wait!" I wasn't more than a few feet from the car before Mary jumped out from her seat and grabbed me. She skidded across the grass, colliding with my back. "Please, wait, listen!"

I looked ahead, at the signals that came and went like lightning bugs in my line of sight, and tried to focus. But her fingers dug into my arm. "Mary, it's better if you stay back," I said, scanning the sides of the road for life. Yet, nothing. "I can't risk you getting in the way."

"Getting in the way?" Mary tried to get me to look at her. "Do you understand who I am?"

who Turning my head, I dropped my gaze and finally looked into her chocolate eyes. Anger carved lines on her face. But as I gritted my teeth and pinched my brow, the emotion did the same to me. In seconds, her face softened, changing. "Javi..."

"Do you understand what I am?" I pulled my arm out from her hands. The outline that could've been her silhouette broke away, dripping into the air like an array of grey and white pixels. "You can't treat me like a child when you don't acknowledge my human side, Mar. I'm a bot, I get it, but there are some things I can do, and can't. This—" I pointed ahead at the warehouses that silently called to me. "—is what I can do. So, please, stay back and wait. I'll be out with her in no time."

what "And what if you're not?" Mary asked as I turned and started to walk away, ignoring the tone in her voice. "What if those bots beat you? What if they just... what if they hurt you?"

You're hiding something...

You're hiding something... I turned back around, just slightly, and gave her my attention. "Like what they're doing to the droids out there? I don't know what they're looking for when they do it, but I can hold on to the fact that I'm different. I can do this, Mar. Those red eyes—they're defective. Means I've got the upper hand."

I'm "But, Javi, I—"

"Go back!" I practically shouted at her, hands in fists, but turned around before I could see her face. Somehow, I felt it. That pain. Anger. Frustration.

If only she could still feel mine. Those days were gone.

"You don't know what they are!"

How far was I by the time she'd shouted? Her voice seemed to echo as I slowed. But didn't stop. Nothing would get me to turn around.

"Javier, you don't understand! They're different!"

Right, I thought, not looking back, they're broken.

Right, they're broken. |||

||| The warehouse door was old, without security settings, without a digital latch. All I had to do was grab onto the handles and push inwards to get inside. And the second my foot stepped into the massive, open space, the static I'd felt outside just stopped.



Had the world stopped with it?

Silence.

Silence. The building itself had to have been half a mile long, few blocks wide, yet the entrance seemed to stretch on forever. There were rooms along the sides with walls made of glass. Tall doors secured them. I could see into them, remembering this place.

Because I'd been here before.

" My parents bought these warehouses when they started the program. A place big enough to store thousands of droids if they ever needed to."

My parents bought these warehouses when they started the program. A place big enough to store thousands of droids if they ever needed to." That's what Mary had told me. And as the double doors shut behind me, I wondered why—why had they bought them? Why would a company need to store thousands at once? They already had factories where they produced and distributed them, but to have a place for so many to come back to? I could imagine a few hundred at a time because surely they'd break down here and there. But thousands breaking down at once?

They anticipated this.

They anticipated this. With a shaking breath, I walked forward. The rooms used to be the place of my nightmares, where droid-medics would run tests on me again and again, despite my arguments that I was... human.

Being an Android was a hard pill to swallow.

The center of the open room was worse. And no matter how hard I looked at it, I couldn't place the memory. It was new.

Moonlight came down from the large skylight windows, casting an eerie glow on hundreds of charging bases lined up in five rows. Each held a droid, powered down and dormant. Most had their chests open, revealing their cables and core inside. Others were barely clothed, almost naked and exposed to the world. Walking towards them, I slid my fingers over uncovered, burned wires and tried to feel and connect to some kind—any kind—of electrical energy.

Yet, nothing.

I looked at the rest of them. Touched them. Checked their circuits. Each was as alive as an old battery, and I couldn't help but feel bad for them. Left behind, alone in a warehouse with no staff. There was no way these bots were the ones who caused mayhem in the streets. Without residual power on their skin, I knew these had been out of power for at least a week.

Though questions filled my head, I didn't have time. Looking up at the ceiling, I searched for Wendy's signal. I followed the building's security lines and cables, tracing energy from every part of the place until my eyes landed on this floor, then the one below. The basement.

"Wendy."

The lights around her flickered, on and off, like burning candles. I stared at the floor, tracking movement until there wasn't any. Each droid marker stood in one place; twenty of them scattered across the rooms below. But only one stood near Wendy.

I can take down one.

I can take down one. Pushing off the broken droids, I rushed between the aisles of pods, down the slender hallway lined with rooms, and found the single staircase that went below. I ran down, two steps at a time, and had this complete plan in my head:

I'd run to her, take down the bot guarding her, and make it back upstairs before Mary could cry again.

But after two dark trips and three turns, I found myself staring into hallways only lit by blinking lights. The rooms weren't like the ones above. These were dark, black, with no windows and metal doors. I had to slow myself, pace myself, as I gripped the stair railing to keep from falling.

My heart thumped in my chest. I scanned the floor again. "She's here," I whispered, looking up at the grey hallways. "Fifteen feet, East."

Every computer in my system pinpointed her, marked her, and I tried to remain focused. Yet, with one step forward, my battery level plummeted, and I felt like I was falling.



Down.

Darkness.

Powering off.

Powering off. |||

||| Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: September 1st, 2016

Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: September 1st, 2016 Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: September 1st, 2016 "I can't believe how fluid he is. Do you see this? The emotions, those reactions... wow."

"I can't believe how fluid he is. Do you see this? The emotions, those reactions... wow." "Oh yes, he's one of a kind, part human, part machine. Specially crafted by young Miss Jordan herself. Genius in the making. Can you imagine what else she could do if given the chance?"

"Oh yes, he's one of a kind, part human, part machine. Specially crafted by young Miss Jordan herself. Genius in the making. Can you imagine what else she could do if given the chance?" "Oh, definitely! A genius, for sure!"

"Oh, definitely! A genius, for sure!" "She should be here any minute now. We should congratulate her."

"She should be here any minute now. We should congratulate her." Any minute now. That's what they kept saying—Mary would be here any minute. I wanted to be happy with them, excited, but I was sick of telling them to let me out of this goddamn room... because they weren't listening.

Any minute now. That's what they kept saying—Mary would be here any minute. I wanted to be happy with them, excited, but I was sick of telling them to let me out of this goddamn room... because they weren't listening. I'd shouted at them for over an hour. Why had I been locked in a droid room? Where were my normal clothes? These monitors were a joke, right? Had to be. I knew Mary was behind all of it, but shit, it wasn't funny at all.

I'd shouted at them for over an hour. Why had I been locked in a droid room? Where were my normal clothes? These monitors were a joke, right? Had to be. I knew Mary was behind all of it, but shit, it wasn't funny at all. I was a human being treated like a machine. And if another droid-medic came into my room with a detector in his hands, I'd kick him square in the jaw. I meant it.

I was a human being treated like a machine. And if another droid-medic came into my room with a detector in his hands, I'd kick him square in the jaw. I meant it. One medic outside the room shifted and glanced down the hall. I heard the sound of footsteps. His other two companions started to clap, open and loud applause.

One medic outside the room shifted and glanced down the hall. I heard the sound of footsteps. His other two companions started to clap, open and loud applause. "Don't, please." It was Mary's voice. I could hear her before she came into view. Her curls were loose around her shoulders. A lab coat looked great on her. I almost smiled, because hell, she was beautiful. But this joke, locking me in this room, was not at all funny.

"Don't, please." It was Mary's voice. I could hear her before she came into view. Her curls were loose around her shoulders. A lab coat looked great on her. I almost smiled, because hell, she was beautiful. But this joke, locking me in this room, was not at all funny. My blood boiled.

My blood boiled. "He's amazing," one of the men said to her.

"He's amazing," one of the men said to her. "He's so... lucid, even."

"He's so... lucid, even." "Stop talking about me like I'm not here." Jumping up from the single bed, I crossed the room and slammed my hand against the window that separated us. "I'm not a fucking machine!"

"Stop talking about me like I'm not here." Jumping up from the single bed, I crossed the room and slammed my hand against the window that separated us. "I'm not a fucking machine!" The three men looked at me, eyes wide with amazement, not shock. Their expressions made me sick to my stomach. "Fuckers..."

The three men looked at me, eyes wide with amazement, not shock. Their expressions made me sick to my stomach. "Fuckers..." Mary pressed her hands into the pockets of her coat. And she cleared her throat. "Gentlemen, could I have a minute, please? I wanted to do this alone. That was the agreement."

Mary pressed her hands into the pockets of her coat. And she cleared her throat. "Gentlemen, could I have a minute, please? I wanted to do this alone. That was the agreement." Agreement?

Agreement? "Oh, yes, sure thing, Miss Jordan."

"Oh, yes, sure thing, Miss Jordan." I slammed another hand, harder than the last.

I slammed another hand, harder than the last. "Please let us know when the file is ready, too. This programming is amazing."

"Please let us know when the file is ready, too. This programming is amazing." What about programming? The hell is going on?

What about programming? The hell is going on? The middle doctor put his hand on her shoulder. "I can't wait to see the components that make him so different. Do you understand what you've done? None of us could ever accomplish this. Rory was one thing, but him—" The way he looked at me. Smiled at me. I wanted to vomit. "—he is so... alive."

The middle doctor put his hand on her shoulder. "I can't wait to see the components that make him so different. Do you understand what you've done? None of us could ever accomplish this. Rory was one thing, but him—" The way he looked at me. Smiled at me. I wanted to vomit. "—he is so... alive." Mary's lips pressed into a thin line. And when she had no response, not for minutes, the medics took the hint. They may have congratulated her again, patted her shoulders once more, but they took leave. It was just Mary and me and an empty hallway that carried our heartbeats. We stared at each other through the glass wall.

Mary's lips pressed into a thin line. And when she had no response, not for minutes, the medics took the hint. They may have congratulated her again, patted her shoulders once more, but they took leave. It was just Mary and me and an empty hallway that carried our heartbeats. We stared at each other through the glass wall.

"Mar, why am I here? Come on, this isn't funny." I forced a smile, but even I knew how weak it was. I felt it.

"Mar, why am I here? Come on, this isn't funny." I forced a smile, but even I knew how weak it was. I felt it. She lifted her hands up to her mouth. There were tears in her eyes.

She lifted her hands up to her mouth. There were tears in her eyes. "Is this a joke?" My hands slid down, squeaking against the glass. "What did I do?"

"Is this a joke?" My hands slid down, squeaking against the glass. "What did I do?" "Nothing." Mary's hands mirrored mine, and she followed their path down. "You... you never do anything wrong, Javi."

"Nothing." Mary's hands mirrored mine, and she followed their path down. "You... you never do anything wrong, Javi." "Then?" My chest tightened. The entire conversation with the medics had assured me of one thing—she was still called Miss Jordan. What happened to changing her name? To not caring what anyone thought? If I hadn't done anything wrong, why was I suddenly a secret? Looking at her hand, I noticed the empty finger. Where was the ring I'd given her?

"Then?" My chest tightened. The entire conversation with the medics had assured me of one thing—she was still called Miss Jordan. What happened to changing her name? To not caring what anyone thought? If I hadn't done anything wrong, why was I suddenly a secret? Looking at her hand, I noticed the empty finger. Where was the ring I'd given her? "I want you to listen to me," she said.

"I want you to listen to me," she said. "The fuck is going on?" I looked into her sad eyes. "What are you hiding? What were they talking about? And why am I here?"

"The fuck is going on?" I looked into her sad eyes. "What are you hiding? What were they talking about? And why am I here?" "Just calm down." Mary pressed her hand flat against the glass. "Relax."

"Just calm down." Mary pressed her hand flat against the glass. "Relax." "How? How am I supposed to relax, Mar?" I pointed at her, then at her hand. "Ms. Jordan? Really? I thought what we did was official, the real thing. But are you still keen on keeping it a secret? I'm not trash, Mar."

"How? How am I supposed to relax, Mar?" I pointed at her, then at her hand. "Ms. Jordan? Really? I thought what we did was official, the real thing. But are you still keen on keeping it a secret? I'm not trash, Mar." "That's not it at all. I know you're not." Mary's lip pressed out as tears rimmed her eyes. "I love you, Javi."

"That's not it at all. I know you're not." Mary's lip pressed out as tears rimmed her eyes. "I love you, Javi." "Oh, yeah?" I snorted, rolling my eyes. "Then why is it a secret? Is that why I'm here—" I slammed my hands again. "—in this cage, like a fucking android. Mar, this isn't funny, okay?"

"Oh, yeah?" I snorted, rolling my eyes. "Then why is it a secret? Is that why I'm here—" I slammed my hands again. "—in this cage, like a fucking android. Mar, this isn't funny, okay?" "I know it's not," she whispered. "But it was the only way."

"I know it's not," she whispered. "But it was the only way." "What?" I couldn't understand. Nothing made sense. We'd honestly had the best night of our lives, I put that ring on her finger, and she whispered I do. She swore to be my wife, and yet...

"What?" I couldn't understand. Nothing made sense. We'd honestly had the best night of our lives, I put that ring on her finger, and she whispered I do. She swore to be my wife, and yet... I couldn't remember what happened after. How did I end up in a Bionics building? Stepping away from the glass, I pushed my hands up through my hair.

I couldn't remember what happened after. How did I end up in a Bionics building? Stepping away from the glass, I pushed my hands up through my hair. "Mar?" I covered my mouth and let out a nervous laugh. "What's going on? Did I drink too much? It was just a bottle, right, or was there more? I can't remember..."

"Mar?" I covered my mouth and let out a nervous laugh. "What's going on? Did I drink too much? It was just a bottle, right, or was there more? I can't remember..." Mary's face twisted in sorrow as she couldn't control her tears.

Mary's face twisted in sorrow as she couldn't control her tears. A heaviness settled on me. I felt weighed down. "Mary..." My hands dropped, defeated. "Come on. Was that it? What'd I do to deserve this?"

A heaviness settled on me. I felt weighed down. "Mary..." My hands dropped, defeated. "Come on. Was that it? What'd I do to deserve this?" "Nothing," Mary whispered, shaking her head. "You did everything right. You always did. I was the one who messed up, okay? It was me. Always me... and this time you can't protect me."

"Nothing," Mary whispered, shaking her head. "You did everything right. You always did. I was the one who messed up, okay? It was me. Always me... and this time you can't protect me." What happened...?

What happened...? "Yes, I can, baby." Another weak smile. Another attempt at trying to remember. "All you have to do is let me out and we can talk about it. We can go home... "

"Yes, I can, baby." Another weak smile. Another attempt at trying to remember. "All you have to do is let me out and we can talk about it. We can go home... " Mary glanced back at the hall, eyeing out for anyone nearby. But there were only androids, robotic assistants programmed with commands to their daily duties. But humans... there weren't any except us. And she took that as the all-clear.

Mary glanced back at the hall, eyeing out for anyone nearby. But there were only androids, robotic assistants programmed with commands to their daily duties. But humans... there weren't any except us. And she took that as the all-clear. With a quick step, she tapped her Bionics wristband against the panel that kept the room locked. When the door opened, I tried to step out, but she moved fast, pushing me back in. The door closed behind her as her hands went around my neck.

With a quick step, she tapped her Bionics wristband against the panel that kept the room locked. When the door opened, I tried to step out, but she moved fast, pushing me back in. The door closed behind her as her hands went around my neck. Another tear down her cheek.

Another tear down her cheek. "Mary, what's going on?"

"Mary, what's going on?" "I love you," she whispered against my lips. "I'll always love you. Don't ever forget that."

"I love you," she whispered against my lips. "I'll always love you. Don't ever forget that." I held her. What else was I supposed to do?

I held her. What else was I supposed to do? "I just... none of us could say goodbye."

"I just... none of us could say goodbye." Goodbye...?

Goodbye...? Pulling back and putting her at arm's length, I looked at her. Searched her face. "Why would you?" I said. "I'm not going anywhere, Mar. I love you."

Pulling back and putting her at arm's length, I looked at her. Searched her face. "Why would you?" I said. "I'm not going anywhere, Mar. I love you." Her hand went up into my hair until she pressed against a spot behind my ear. I almost pushed her back, confused. Because the second she did it, all I heard was a buzzing in my head. My skin prickled uncomfortably.

Her hand went up into my hair until she pressed against a spot behind my ear. I almost pushed her back, confused. Because the second she did it, all I heard was a buzzing in my head. My skin prickled uncomfortably. "It's okay, Javi," she whispered, trying to keep me still. "This is going to be a little weird. But I saved what I could of your brain to be able to do this... for me, for you."

"It's okay, Javi," she whispered, trying to keep me still. "This is going to be a little weird. But I saved what I could of your brain to be able to do this... for me, for you." Like a magic I never wanted to see, numbers appeared within my vision. The date. The time. Names of officers and medics in the building. Model numbers of the droids who assisted them.

Like a magic I never wanted to see, numbers appeared within my vision. The date. The time. Names of officers and medics in the building. Model numbers of the droids who assisted them. I fell back, gasping, and then realized there was no air in my lungs. My gasps were nothing but sounds. I touched my chest, my lips, my face—nothing was organic.

I fell back, gasping, and then realized there was no air in my lungs. My gasps were nothing but sounds. I touched my chest, my lips, my face—nothing was organic. Mary came above me as I crawled back on the floor. Her name appeared over her head: Mary Jordan, twenty-four, single.

Mary came above me as I crawled back on the floor. Her name appeared over her head: Mary Jordan, twenty-four, single. Her emotions were next: sadness, regret, fear.

Her emotions were next: sadness, regret, fear. A scream built up in my chest without the need for oxygen. "Mar!" I squeezed my eyes shut. "What's going on! What did you do to me? "

A scream built up in my chest without the need for oxygen. "Mar!" I squeezed my eyes shut. "What's going on! What did you do to me? Her hand touched my cheek and her lips met mine. But it wasn't a sweet kiss; it was sad. And her tears mixed between our lips. "I needed to do this..." she whispered. "It was the only way..."

Her hand touched my cheek and her lips met mine. But it wasn't a sweet kiss; it was sad. And her tears mixed between our lips. "I needed to do this..." she whispered. "It was the only way..." The lights were too strong. The static in my ears drowned out the sound of my panicked screams.

The lights were too strong. The static in my ears drowned out the sound of my panicked screams. And Mary, she grabbed me; she held me. I felt her fingers press down into my scalp as she pressed my head against her shoulder to keep me still. What she said next... I only heard it through text over my eyes, not a sound. And I couldn't accept it. I didn't... I didn't know how to.

And Mary, she grabbed me; she held me. I felt her fingers press down into my scalp as she pressed my head against her shoulder to keep me still. What she said next... I only heard it through text over my eyes, not a sound. And I couldn't accept it. I didn't... I didn't know how to. "Conversation received. Mary Jordan, 'I'm sorry.'"

"Conversation received. Mary Jordan, 'I'm sorry.'" *

*

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





15 || F I F T E E N




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Honesty is also a foreign concept. Because, the truth, when hidden for so long, can bring about pain. And who wants that?

"Honesty is also a foreign concept. Because, the truth, when hidden for so long, can bring about pain. And who wants that? "Honesty is also a foreign concept. Because, the truth, when hidden for so long, can bring about pain. And who wants that? *

* I didn't fall. Tumble. Crash. I'd been standing in the same spot just a foot from the stairs. The memory that played in my head passed over my eyes like a movie. And once it ended, I blinked and returned to reality. I pressed my hand to my chest.

Battery at sixty-five percent.

Battery at sixty-five percent. Looking ahead, down the halls, fresh memories played. Different, recent, and yet so foreign, as though they'd been repressed. Glancing at the metal rooms, I knew what was beyond their black doors. Somehow, I knew there were charging pods and nothing else; no windows, no bars. Looking towards the opposite rooms, I felt as though I'd been inside them, charging, sleeping. I stepped forward and recalled dreams filled with electrical lights and green flares.

And hands.

So many hands.

I took in a breath, forcing myself to look ahead. "Wendy," I whispered quietly to the air. She was there, and she needed me. There wasn't time to worry about memories I couldn't pinpoint.

As I walked forward, I told myself they couldn't possibly be mine. It could've been my sensors picking up on frequencies that didn't belong to me; dormant nightmares from the droids above. Or, they might have been from the bots below, the ones who wandered these dark halls. Shaking my head free of the distant screaming, I felt sorry for them, but not enough to care.

I only cared about the girl they took from me.

"Scan vicinity," I said quietly to myself, forcing my systems to run a manual check of the floor one more time. Six Androids flickered over my left, beyond the rooms and halls I couldn't outright see without a digital layout. The other fourteen were scattered ahead of me, to the right, and farther off than I thought. But as I looked forward once more, down the long hall, I knew Wendy's pinging signal was dead ahead, center room.

I titled my head and locked on to her once more. "I'm coming, Lost Girl."

My sensors shut off, my vision cleared, and my feet took me forward. As light as my body could move, I ran without making much noise, little sound. Without the need to breathe, no one should hear me. And if broken bots couldn't sync like I thought, they wouldn't see me coming.

I can save her.

I can save her. I moved faster. Harder. My hands slid across shut doors as I zig-zagged passed the columns that met the short ceiling. Bumping my shoulders against the steel didn't stop me.

I'm getting you out of here, Wendy.

I'm getting you out of here, Wendy. Swipe left. Dodge right. The hall felt endless. Doors after doors, flickering, dead-lights. I zeroed in on her signal, watching it flash within my computer's main eye. The other light moved in—the droid. Closer. Closer. Too close.



Get the fuck away from her!

Get the fuck away from her! My knee popped as I pushed myself harder. An uncomfortable buzz shot up my leg. But I wouldn't stop. She was right there. I knew it. I could feel it. And once I passed that final pillar, right as the hall ended, I saw her; my baby sister.

I should've smiled, felt relief. I wanted to run to her, grab her, and get her out of this place. But I couldn't.

Wendy sat in the center of an open room. The opposite halls connected to it, like lines in a bee's complicated hive. I came to a halt, hands trying to grab the walls, and I locked onto her red, tear-filled eyes. The way she looked at me, the way her brows pulled together and her pale cheeks turned red, killed me.

Wendy...

Wendy... She wasn't alone.

"Come on, little girl." A droid kneeled before her, hands covering hers. I could only see the back of his head. "Can't you see I'm your brother? Me? I'm Javier."

Pressure fell on my chest as I heard him speak, listened to his voice. The volume, the pitch, the slight accent at the end of his words. A part of me felt sick as Wendy's eyes slid down to him before looking at me again.

him "Look at me." The droid lifted her hands and put it against his face. "There's no difference, right? Same lines. Same folds. A perfect copy."

The buzz from my leg traveled further. It slid up my chest, passed my ribs, and stopped at my heart. I sucked in a breath, a hiss, and squeezed my eyes shut for only a second.

"Battery unstable. Signal sent to Bionics Corp."

"Battery unstable. Signal sent to Bionics Corp." "Peter..." The sound of Wendy's voice pulled me back and as I leaned forward, I opened my eyes. And wanted to scream.

I wasn't sure what I thought I'd see when the droid turned around. Wasn't sure how I'd react. I knew I'd rush it, yes it was a possibility. It was all to save my sister.

But as it stood and turned to look at me, I wasn't expecting to see me . It looked like me. My face. My hair. Its body, its build, everything was an exact replica of my entire being. And when he smiled, those lines, that crinkle, were all mine, too.

me I stumbled forward one step. And another.

"I knew you weren't talking to me, little girl," he said.

That voice is... my voice.

That voice is... my voice. I tried to stand up straight, but every part of me hurt. My sensors sparked like fireworks, my circuits sent signals all over my body.

The droid smirked and shook his head, glancing down at Wendy with curious eyes. "Did you think he'd come to get you as fast as he did? I didn't think so. I'm impressed."

Wendy didn't move. Her hands, still gripping the folds of her jeans, shook as she looked at me. Fresh tears slid down her face. And slowly, she shook her head.

"Well—" The droid sighed as he lifted his head towards the ceiling. "—even though he's here, it doesn't matter. He's clueless. I thought Mary would've filled him in by now, so he'd understand and make this easy on me."

"W... What?" I tried to shake away the feeling, but couldn't. Electricity moved under my skin, burning hot. Grimacing, I tried to keep my focus on the android. "Who are you? How... how are you...?"

"How am I? Oh, I'm fine, thanks for asking." His head came down and his smile left his face immediately. His arms, moving slowly, folded in front of him. Then he laughed. "Oh wait, you mean, how do I look exactly like you? Right?"

I nodded slowly, moving right. I could circle him, it was the only way.

"Like I said, Mary should've told you. I love her compassion, really I do, but shit, she coddles you. How are you supposed to survive out in the real world if you don't understand what you are?"

As I moved to one side, he slid behind Wendy and then shifted the opposite way. Like mirrored reflections, we circled each other. Yet, as he looked so collected, I felt uneasy. Each step was harder to take than the last.

Wendy took in a deep, shaky breath. "Peter, I...."

I looked at her, just as the android spoke. "I think it's obvious what I am," he said.

Looking back at him, I narrowed my eyes as I kept moving. "Obviously," I said.

"But do you know the extent? Do you think you know why?"

I stopped moving, staring at him, trying to spot a difference. Any would put me at ease. Where's his Bionics symbol? I observed him. Where's his brand?

Where's his Bionics symbol? Where's his brand? "You don't," the droid laughed. "If she hasn't told you, there's no way you could know. It's sort of... an inside thing."

My eyes slid over to the other side of his face, down to his neck—no brand, no symbol. When I looked into his eyes, I noticed the next difference. My eyes were brown, like deep honey, and his... were dark red, like pools of blood. Staring into them, I forced my feet to move again. So did he. "Is that why you took my sister? Because of an inside thing?" I asked him, glancing at Wendy. "You're the one who needed to see me, right? The droid from the parking lot."

His lip twitched up into a smile and I felt sick. I did that. "That was me." He shrugged. "I crashed her school's assembly, I snatched her and put her in the van. All me, brother."

I did that. Gritting my teeth, I suppressed a growl. "I'm not your brother..."

"Oh?" The droid stopped moving and laughed. His hand went up into his hair and he shook the dark strands. He laughed, a deep sound, almost husky, and glanced up at me with sultry, red eyes. I watched his tongue slide along his bottom lip, over his top teeth.

And I took a step back.

Fuck me... shit.

Fuck me... shit. "Maybe you're right." He rolled his head along his shoulders. "I'm not your brother. None of the Replicas are siblings to our base code. Every part of us, every microscopic, cybernetic nano-fiber is an exact copy of the droid we look like, down to the hearts in our bodies and the 'brains' in our heads."

As he tapped his temple with two fingers and approached me, I realized what he meant. The screams, the hands, the memorized layout of the rooms I'd never seen... were they his?

"So yeah, you're right." The droid moved behind Wendy and placed his hands on her shoulders. "I'm not your brother, not your cousin, not a relative at all."

"What are you then?" I whispered my question as my computers processed what he'd said.

"Little girl, tell him." The droid moved his face next to Wendy's. I watched his fingers gently squeeze her arms. "Tell him what I am..."

My hands formed fists at my sides. I looked from him to my sister, and slowly, I shook my head. "Wendy..."

"Peter... he's—" The droid gave another squeeze, and Wendy yelped before she could continue. "—his name is Axe, and he's...."

Signals sparked in my vision. The droids were moving and fast. Footsteps echoed around us like an incoming storm.

"He's you."

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





16 || S I X T E E N





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "But I guess, in the end, we'd have to swallow our pride as human beings and accept what we don't want to hear, right?"

"But I guess, in the end, we'd have to swallow our pride as human beings and accept what we don't want to hear, right?" "But I guess, in the end, we'd have to swallow our pride as human beings and accept what we don't want to hear, right?" *

* He was me. An exact replica copied down to every part of my very code. And I couldn't understand why.

"I bet they said you were one of a kind, right?" Axe smiled, tilting his head as he stepped back from Wendy. She let out a quiet cry once his hands left her sleeves. "They promised you were special?"

I looked down at my shoes, remembering everything ever said to me. All of the droid-medics were baffled by my existence, some wanted extra studies done on my brain. But none were happier than my parents, than Mary. And the bot who made it all possible.

Rory...

Rory... My head shot up as red lights flashed from the ceilings.

Did they all know about this?

Did they all know about this? "No," I said to him. "I was never special."

Axe laughed, shaking his head. "Are you serious? Really?" His hand moved up, fingers stroking his chin. "You were once a human being, flesh and bone, and here you are now, a bot, right? That's really special."

really The lights moved faster. Wendy looked up at them, terror on her face. My sensors picked up on her rapid heart rate.

"Yeah, but there's more to it," I said, glancing back at the hall I'd run through. The droids weren't headed this way. Where were they going? "It was more than just my creation."

Axe laughed again and let out a hard sigh. "Oh, Javi, Javi, Javi, you're so naïve. She's really left you in the dark, huh?"

"No!" I shouted, looking back at him. "From the beginning, I wasn't my own bot, and if you're saying you're me, then you'd know that."

Why was I arguing with him? Explaining myself? I didn't owe him anything. I didn't know him, and the only reason I'd come as he requested was to get my sister back. Baring my teeth, I moved fast to the left, my sensors pinpointing ways to save my sister.

"I know," he said, clicking his tongue. "You see, being a copy of a high-functioning droid is one thing." He pointed at himself. Then he moved that finger and pointed it towards me. "But, being a copy and having a human-code—come on, Javi. You do the math."

and "Battery at forty-two percent. Immediate charging is required. Scanning area for a compatible base."

"Battery at forty-two percent. Immediate charging is required. Scanning area for a compatible base." I looked down at my arms. The burning under my skin subsided. And so did the data in my eyes. I could no longer see the running dots in my field of vision. As my power steadily dropped, I was blinded to the digital world.

"If you understood what the Replicas were, then maybe you'd understand why I wanted you here so bad."

Lifting my head, I looked up at him. The lights overhead got brighter but moved slower. The pounding feet stopped. "Let my sister go."



"Oh, you know I want to." Axe lifted both brows as he grinned. "But you know life isn't that easy. Do you think you can come here and make demands? That isn't how this works."

Wendy's bright, glistening eyes looked at me as she tried to inch forward in her seat. Yet, the second she moved, Axe moved fast and grabbed her, forcing her back into place. I watched her mouth open wide as her cries left her, wailing in distress.

"What the hell do you want!" I shouted, trembling with anger. The edges of my vision were lined with red. "If it's me you want, fine, but let her go!"

"Can't." Her cries didn't bother him. He leaned his head on her shoulder, pressing his lips together with a playful coo. It made me sick. "I need to make sure I get what I need from you, then I'll let you all go. I'll call off the dogs."

For a minute, I stammered. Dogs? "The droids out there?" I pointed down the hall. "You sent them?"

"Sort of." Axe dropped into a squat, his hands still on Wendy's chair. "I mean, they wanted to get out, anyway. Can't keep trained dogs chained up forever. We all need to breathe sometimes, right?"

Trained dogs. Chained up. Forever.

Trained dogs. Chained up. Forever. "You're thinking too hard about this, you know, so I'll just tell you straight up," Axe said, tracing a finger along Wendy's cheek. "We're fighter droids, built and programmed for the army."

I heard a loud bang and a shout, a woman's voice. My head shot up at the sound.

"How do you think Bionics had all the money to build Androids for every city? Do you think the Jordan's were that wealthy initially? Please." He chuckled and without lowering my head, I dropped my gaze to look at him. And his smile. "You know, just like I know, that Mary's family struggled for grants to get this idea off the ground. Mr. President came to the rescue—"

Another bang. Another shout. A man's voice. My body tensed.

"—and agreed to pay for whatever computers they needed, all the metals they could ever ask for. Their scientists are on a Government salary, not Jordan cash. And your darling Mary knew it all along."

"I don't care about Government funds..." I turned around, listening. I swore something was dragged across the floor above us. "Companies start somewhere."

"Oh, yeah, sure." Axe laughed and stood up straight, rubbing his hands in front of him. With a quick sidestep, he moved around Wendy and stood in front of me. "But at the expense of who?"

I locked eyes with him.

"You?" He cocked a brow. "Me? Her?" He glanced back at Wendy before shrugging. "We're contracted bots, Javi. Each of us built at the time our base models, like you, were created. Exact replicas. Copies to the very core. If Bionics hadn't done it, there would be no you ."

you Gulping, I listened. Bionics had made an agreement with the Government; in exchange for money, they'd duplicate all of their droids. It made sense. But why me?

I'm a copy. I'm not an original.

I'm a copy. I'm not an original. He pressed a hand down on my shoulder. "We're built and programmed to fight for war if need be. But there hasn't been one, no signs of one starting, and shit Javi, we're fucking bored."

Looking down at his wrist, I noticed the lines under his wrist; a starburst tattoo. Like mine.

"Now, I just wanted to get you here because I need that programming of yours. I know you're a copy, but because of that, I'm missing a few loose screws." He laughed and his eyes flashed. "Now, them out there, well... try being told you're not real and aren't meant for anything else but bloodshed? No voice to express that sadness. And, for some reason, you carry the memories of the bot you're ripped from, like twins; telepathy."

you're Axe moved closer, cheek to my cheek. I felt his mouth right beside my ear. And while I focused on his breathing, the movement of his hand on my earlobe, I looked at Wendy. With my eyes, I told her to relax. I mouthed it's going to be okay.

it's going to be okay. "I know you're hurting, Javi. I see it, I feel it. You want to be loved, accepted. You want to be human." His lips moved. He kissed my cheek. Kissed my cheek. Against my skin, he whispered, "Believe me, so do I."

be Kissed my cheek. My eyes widened, as did Wendy's.

He continued, warm lips still moving against my cheek. "I want to love, to feel. Cherish. Accept. Embrace. I want what's real ."

real Move, I mouthed to Wendy. Now.

Move, Now. She nodded, but as something slammed overhead, she flinched and squealed, gripping the sides of her chair. The small sound she made caused him to turn, face to mine. I could see the light in his eyes, like a reflecting digital soul. And when he pulled his brow together, lips back to yell, I grabbed him, an arm around his neck. "Run, Wendy!" I shouted, pulling Axe back against me. "Go!"

Wendy hesitated, eyes on me. She wouldn't move from her seat. But as Axe tried to break free of my hold, I yanked him back and fell with him. My back crashed against the concrete floor. With white lights in my eyes, I shouted again, "Run!"

I heard her small feet; her hurried breaths. Her shoes squeaked as she ran out in the hall.

And Axe's elbow met my chin. "What is wrong with you!" he grunted, flipping over so he pinned me to the ground. I looked up at his eyes as they turned red, just like the droids I'd seen outside. "Do you know what you've done?"

I pushed him, hand to his neck. He coughed before falling, but reached to grab my hand before I could bring it back to me. With one movement, he twisted my hand back; far back. Sparks shot up through my arm and I wanted to scream.

"You don't understand what this is," he hissed, pushing his face towards mine as he bared his teeth. "You won't ever understand."

"Go to Hell," I whispered, focusing on his face. I could feel my power plummet further. My battery flashed in the corners of my eyes.

Thirty-three percent.

Thirty-three percent. Twenty-eight percent.

Twenty-eight percent. Twenty percent.

Twenty percent. "You don't know what Hell is."

Hell *



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





17 || S E V E N T E E N




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Try tellin' a bot to do that, too. Watch the confusion that passes over their eyes."

"Try tellin' a bot to do that, too. Watch the confusion that passes over their eyes." "Try tellin' a bot to do that, too. Watch the confusion that passes over their eyes." *

* Axe dropped me to the floor with one push. Lifting my legs, I kicked him. He buckled, and I tried to stand and fight back. But it took me just a second to realize he was stronger than me, faster even. With another push, he got me back where he wanted me. My shoulders hit the floor before my head met metal. I saw stars.

"Hell is darkness. Silence." Axe hovered over me, chest rising and falling with hard, deep breaths. "It's where no one wants you, where voices won't reach. Replicas lived in Hell. Here, in these fucking dark rooms, is Lucifer's domain."

When he pointed out into the halls, I swore I heard Mary's voice. She called out for me. For Wendy. Relief came over me because my sister would be safe.

Get out of here... please.

Get out of here... please. I let my head fall back on the floor and stared up at the red lights. Round and round they spun, filling the room with crimson, bright.

"We were built but ignored. No need to nurture the monsters, care for the weapons. Our purpose was to kill and nothing else. But guess what?" Axe knelt over me and in one motion, dropped his knee against my chest.

Red exploded across the ceiling and my eyes because it's all I saw. I could hear myself screaming, but couldn't feel my mouth move.

Detached. Numb. Cold.

Detached. Numb. Cold. "I unbound their chains. I nurtured them. To them, I was their human , their parent, and all they needed. And for me, he... he made me believe I was doing the right thing. He promised that... that with you... I..."

I human He He paused. I heard his pain. But could no longer feel mine.

The red turned white.

"Powering down."

"Powering down." And the white dripped into the fiery flames of the world I knew nothing about.

|||

" Initializing parameters."

Initializing parameters." Shadows danced on the walls of my mind. Hopping, skipping past the lights made from thoughts and memories. They dodged consciousness, weaved through reality. And yet, I wanted to chase them. Grab them. Hold them.

Wait for me.

Wait for me. " Remaining sensors reactive."

Remaining sensors reactive." The shadows had voices. Active and alive. Like children. Or teens. I felt the corners of my lip lift and I thought I smiled. But I couldn't move, touch myself.

Am I dreaming?

Am I dreaming? "Optimal functionality restored."

"Optimal functionality restored." My eyes fluttered open, and I knew where I was. Time. Weather. Dates. Information passed over my vision. Tiny letters settled into their proper corners before the inside of the brightly lit room came into view. Glancing to the right, at a wall lined with many plasma screens, I stared at the hour of the night.



8:24

8:24 I tried to lift my hand.

"He's moving, moving, moving."

I heard Axe's voice and tried to follow the sound. My head felt heavy. The sounds of metal tugging against tight wires echoed in my ears. My body hadn't woken up yet.

"But he'll never understand. Do you know that? Did you ?" Axe stood at the opposite end of the room. His thumb was pressed against his lips as he paced, left then right. There were monitors near him, too, powered on and displaying images. Hallways. News.

Did you Looking from him to the screen on the far left, I saw a news anchor-room with no reporter. The camera display was cracked. Static on the edges of the broadcast. The television screen beside it was just the same, just a different network. Taking in a deep breath, I looked at Axe again. He hadn't noticed me yet.

And he turned to pace left once more. "You said that if I did this, that if I took him, it would work out for all of us. For them, for me. For you..." He spoke against his fingertips like a nervous tick, and I wasn't sure if the words were meant for him or... someone else.

I tried to sit up straight. Then I found I couldn't. My hands wouldn't move. My legs wouldn't budge. Looking down at myself, I found I was seated in an android medical-chair. Wires and cables were stuck to my body. The heaviness I felt around my skull wasn't my body waking, but a band strapped across my forehead. The strip, connected to the cables, pulsed with my every movement. And as I thought about it, the wires flashed white, too.

Shit.

Shit. Axe finally turned to look at me, thumb still against his mouth. He didn't smile when we locked eyes. Instead, he dipped his head. One way, then the other. I couldn't help but do the same.

"Do you know how long we've heard about you? How we all wanted to be you. The droid with the mind of a human, with the soul of a man..."

be As he approached me, I took in a deep breath. My hands tugged against the straps that bound me, fingers digging into the cool, faux leather.

Axe chuckled and finally dropped his hand. I couldn't help but spot the moisture on his lips, his cheeks. With the back of one hand, he wiped at his eye. "The other droids couldn't voice their thoughts, but because of you, I could. You're made different, so I'm different. And he listened. He was here every hour, every day with us. Testing us, talking to us. In his eyes, we weren't machines."

different, I'm he He...?

He...? I meant to look into Axe's eyes, but I caught a movement on one of the screens to the right. This one was different, like security footage. It took only seconds for me to realize it was the first floor of the warehouse we were in. And the shadows I saw dodge past the camera weren't shadows, but people. Will. And Mary.

Wendy?

Wendy? "When he had this idea, he said it'd be the easiest thing a bot could ever do." Chuckling, Axe looked down at his shoes as they bumped mine. I felt a rush of electricity rush up my legs and I had no choice but to look at him. We locked eyes. "But... leave it up to an android with a human mind and thoughts to make this a difficult thing. Because... humans... such complex beings."

Will was out there, and Mary was with them. I knew they had Wendy, too, even if I couldn't see her. Why come in here if they weren't going to grab my sister?

Axe's hand shot out, fast, almost aggressive. Yet, while I thought he'd hit me and I flinched as a reaction, he did something else. The palm of his hand cupped my chin and slowly, his fingers stroked my cheek. "Have you ever wondered why your battery dies all of a sudden?"

I searched his face without speaking. What did he mean?

"Why is it that you, with an AOX battery-the highest, lithium power device known to man-could just power down and die?"

"Injury." My voice was strained as I spoke, but I noted the bullet wound on my shoulder. "Nanos only work so fast..."

"No," Axe sighed and shook his head. The tip of his thumb brushed against my lip. "Injury has nothing to do with it. You've never been hurt before, right? Well, not physically."

No, I've never been hurt before...

No, I've never been hurt before... My eyes opened wide. Why was I thinking about it? He was playing with my head. "What do you want with me?"

"Weren't you listening? I want this. " He lifted his hand and touched the metal piece across my head. "I'm just one button away from copy and upload."

this. "Why-" I wanted to ask questions, I wanted to argue with him, but I finally saw her-Wendy. She appeared behind Mary as Will searched the halls. I could see them talk to each other, motion one another to follow, but where were they? Where were they going? I wanted to scan the building.

"And that's exactly what I mean... that heart of yours." Axe turned and looked at the monitors, trying to spot where I'd been looking. "Always beating for everyone else but you."

I didn't want him to find them. If they got caught, if he summoned his dogs to get them, I'd lose it. I'd lose everything.

dogs I'll die.

I'll die. I opened my mouth to scream, but Axe lifted his head and looked away from every monitor in the room. I couldn't help but look up with him, too.

"I can see why he wants me to be just like you..."

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





18 || E I G H T E E N




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "I think all of us 'bots' have a few loose screws. Like humans, we're not perfect and a little crazy."

"I think all of us 'bots' have a few loose screws. Like humans, we're not perfect and a little crazy." "I think all of us 'bots' have a few loose screws. Like humans, we're not perfect and a little crazy." *

* The sound of a slow clap hit my ears before the echo of running feet could. While the noise created by running droids above us made way like a brewing storm, I followed Axe's anxious gaze out into the hall that joined the room. A shadow approached us, taking long, wide steps in the dark. I could make out the hands as they met.

Clap. Clap. Clap.

Clap. Clap. Clap. My fingers dug into the handrest of the android-chair.

"I didn't know before..." Axe's hand slid over my shoulder as he moved around me. His fingers traced the lines of my sweater. "It would make me mad, you know, being compared to someone I'd never amount to be. I lack the materials, the fragments of a human body. A soul. You know that feeling, right?"

soul. Being compared to my real self... being reminded of the life I had when I was alive...

Being compared to my real self... being reminded of the life I had when I was alive... "But he... he found a way to make it work, and not only for me but for everyone else, too. It's... amazing. To be human. It's... there... I can touch it, feel it..."

He moved forward, standing directly in front of me, blocking the path to the hall. I couldn't see who approached, but my computers could. My sensors locked onto a droid that could not only sync and share data but had a beacon more recognizable than my own.

Android AX1.

Android AX1. But... how?

"Rory..." His name left me like a whisper, too quiet to echo, but just loud enough that Axe turned around to look at me, eyes wide. For a moment, I locked onto his frightened stare until I saw the eyes that brought back too many memories, many thoughts. A pressure came over me and I thought a rock had fallen, crushing me.

But there wasn't a rock.

"Javi." Rory's eyes had changed. They weren't red like they'd been, but blue. Bright blue. And their gaze moved over me as he approached Axe. When they stood side by side, he lifted his hand, stroking his finger over the other droid's arm until he swooped his long, slender fingers around his neck. I couldn't help but watch, almost mesmerized, as his fingertips were suddenly lost in his hair. "How are you?"

How was I?

How was I? "Rory!" I tugged at my bands, fighting against the seat that kept me still. The feel of metal digging into my skin made me hiss, but I didn't look away. I kept my eyes on him, on his growing smile. "Rory, get me out of here!"

Rory's blond hair fell over his eyes as he dipped his head. His fingers pulled Axe's face closer to his.

I pulled my arms up again, but no luck. "Look, I'm glad you're working again. But, listen to me, this bot, this Axe , he isn't—"

Axe

"You?" Rory batted his lashes. "You think I don't know that?"

My mouth clamped shut, and I swallowed... nothing. Air. Confusion. Silence tasted like salt.

Rory, what are you doing?

Rory, what are you doing? "Funny little thing..." Rory laughed and turned his head, so his nose brushed against Axe's. "Do you see? I've never met a human like him. A heart and mind so strong, compassion that knows no bounds."

Axe slowly closed his eyes and took in a deep breath. One I heard. Felt . I looked down at my chest, confused.

Felt What's going on?

What's going on? "But, he didn't live long, anyway. Died so young, poor thing." Rory's eyes moved back in my direction and every memory I had of him came flooding back, like waves crashing against the sands. I squeezed my eyes and tried to push away the thought of the bot that was my friend, of the droid that held my hand in my darkest hour. I'd seen him through his creation, through his initial upload. Been there through his every step; his first step.

first And he was there for mine...

My re-creation...

My initial upload...

My eyes snapped open. "I saw you... you were broken..." It wasn't a question or a statement. What I said was a thought, a moment of weakness. I could feel the edges of my eyes burn.

Tears. But droids don't cry.

Tears. But droids don't cry. "No." Rory lay his head upon Axe's but kept his eyes on me. "I was never broken. I just pretended to be."

Mary had diagnosed him as a broken droid, just like the rest of them. Had she gotten it wrong, and that's how he was... functioning? He'd been in my house, trying to help me... but now he was here, working against me? Looking away from the two of them, I looked back at the screens in search of her, of Mary, Will, and Wendy.

The halls were empty.

"I wanted Mary to think I was broken. Red eyes? Easy to fake." As Rory spoke, he moved away from Axe and approached me. The smile on his face dropped. "And I know you're wondering why, but it isn't easy to explain. Your compassion only went so far, and just like the rest of the world ignoring what you became, you ignored what I could've been..."

compassion He kneeled before me, hands on my knees, and I couldn't help but listen to him and look in his eyes. Yet, even with our eyes locked, holding stares, I could see Axe's longing gaze behind him; red eyes glowing brightly.

"Do you remember what I was, Javi?" he whispered.

I nodded. The heaviness in my chest spread through my arms, my legs. And my power level...

" Battery at eighty-eight percent."

Battery at eighty-eight percent." "I didn't have a face. A voice. I was just coding on a screen." He tapped my legs rhythmically. "But my response time was so fast, so advance, I was Mary's ticket into UIC. Her parents' path into money. And yet..."

His hands stopped moving. His brow pulled together, tight, with deep lines. Lines that seemed to create shadows on his face. All the signals he let out minutes before vanished, as though they'd never been.

He was broken. Like the others. He had to be.

"It's funny how toys can get tossed aside, you know?" Rory stood and I followed him with my eyes. He reached one hand back for Axe to grab. Their fingers met before their palms could touch, then closed. "The thrill and excitement die down so quickly..."

"Rory, what are you talking about?" I struggled in my chair again. "Mary never, I never—"

"Don't lie." Rory shook his head. "You both forgot about me like I was yesterday's news. And I was put here, down here, every day, with all of these replicas who just..."

He turned to Axe, and the two of them locked eyes. Smiled. Reached to place their hands on each other's shoulders. "These bots just needed someone to love them..."

A part of me felt sick. Was that how Rory felt? I considered him family. He was special to me. And Mary, too. I knew it. If he'd only seen the look in her eyes when she told me he had started to break down, he'd understand what he said was wrong. All wrong.

But as he and Axe turned to look at me, forehead pressed together at the temple, I had a feeling none of that mattered.

What was I missing?

What was I missing? "Rory, I don't understand... What does this have to do with me? With Wendy? Why did you have to—"

"Because," Rory cut me off before I could finish. "I think Axe deserves a mind just like yours, that life you take for granted."

My sensors pinged, and I squeezed my eyes shut.

But Rory kept talking. "And once I transfer all of that data of yours, they'll all have a brain just like you. And you can end up just like me."

all What?

What? *



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





19 || N I N E T E E N





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "And like humans, we want things we can't have."

"And like humans, we want things we can't have." "And like humans, we want things we can't have." *

* I looked everywhere but at him. I focused on the monitors, the ceiling, the floor, anything other than the facts that stood in front of me. My mind couldn't understand, Rory wanted to be rid of me, wanted Axe to take my place. The idea of the two of them releasing Government droids out into the city to destroy, to kill, was... against every digital law implanted in each and every one of us.

How could he do this? Why? Because he was angry. He was an android! What was there to be angry about?

Pulling at the straps around my wrists, my head shot up, and I looked at the largest screen. This time, I only saw Will. No Mary, no Wendy. My eyes danced around, watching every monitor, in search of them.

"Javi." Rory rolled his head around his shoulder. "Do you remember just sitting in Mary's room, talking to me. Typing away and waiting for my responses."

I didn't look at him, though I know he wanted me to. I needed to make sure Mary and Wendy were safe. Paying attention to him wouldn't let me do that. Clenching my jaw tight, I kept my focus.

"Did you know that everything you said to me, every response you typed, was how I learned? You taught me."

You Slowly, my gaze moved to his. And numbers appeared over my eyes. Letters. I wasn't sure which to look at him—him, or the data.

"I mimicked you," Rory laughed and looked at me, his eyes bright blue. "I studied you. I wanted to be you. See you. Love you."

Love My chest rose and fell. Love me. Was that what he said?

Love me. The numbers and letters came together, forming messages in my eyes. Timestamps. Seconds. Hours. And Names.

Mary.

Mary. "I couldn't wait out there. We're in here. We have Wendy. She told me what happened. I can save you."

"I couldn't wait out there. We're in here. We have Wendy. She told me what happened. I can save you." I wanted to let out a sigh of relief. Mary was always good at not giving up. But the way Rory looked at me, the way his smile faded into a flat face, lacking emotion, scared me. I, an Android, was frightened to my core. And I couldn't explain it. I only knew it by the way my hands shook, my knee bounced, and that pressure...

not A rock on my chest.

A rock on my chest. "When I got my first body, Javi, I was so happy. Happy. Me, a bot with no concept of emotion or feelings. It was supposed to be a distant idea for me, or not an idea at all. I'm forever evolving, always learning. I'm everything a human should be, and yet, no one paid me any attention. Yet—"

Happy. should I saw them. Mary and Wendy ran down one hall and along with another. They hid against a pillar beside a room and Mary, with her wrist band to her lips, whispered into it.



What are you saying?

What are you saying? "—I just wanted to try."

Looking at Rory didn't ease my fear, but changed it because emotions never stayed the same for me. It left, flying out the window like a flock of frightened birds, and a swarm of bees took its place.

Anger. Disbelief. Betrayal.

Anger. Disbelief. Betrayal. I leaned back in my seat. My fingers dug into the leather. "You wanted to try? To what? Hurt me? My sister?" I shook my head as he frowned, deep lines on his face. "Wendy loved you and called you her Uncle, Rory, and yet you... you kept her here."

Rory looked around the room as though he saw nothing wrong with it. And Axe looked away, a frown on his face, too.

"All of this—the droids, the attacks—it's one big tantrum. Can't you see that? You're breaking everyone's hearts!"

"Hearts?" Rory clapped his hands together and laughed. "You're saying I broke everyone's heart?"

I nodded, never breaking our gaze, but I couldn't help but notice Axe. He moved away from Rory, slowly, taking small steps towards the opposite side of the room. I heard him move trays, start computers, but I wouldn't look at him. I watched Rory as he approached me.

One step forward. Another.

"Do you honestly believe everything you're saying?" Rory stopped just a foot away from me. "Have you lost touch with me that much?"

that Shaking my head, I forced my eyes closed. The seat beneath me was hot. Heat traveled up my legs. "Mary put her entire life into you, she trusted you. If it hadn't been for her—"

Hands slammed down on my knees, hard. My eyes popped open, my mouth gaping. A scream left me as a pain shot up my body.

"If it hadn't been for her, I'd be the face of Bionics!" Rory had closed the space between us and slammed his fists against my legs. The sound of metal hitting metal echoed through me, around me, and a buzzing filled my ears. I tried to focus on him as his blue eyes turned red, a snarl on his face. "You and I are one and the same, Javi. I was the bot everyone loved, adored, and so were you. And like me, you were betrayed. Your heart was broken, wasn't it? Neglected. Abandoned. Thrown off to the side. Do you know what that does to the human mind? Hm!"

Your Axe moved again and with blurred vision, I forced myself to turn my head and look at him. His fingers expertly tapped away at the computers positioned up against the wall. Button after button, monitor after switch, the lights dimmed in the entire room. Every screen suddenly shut off.

"Rory..." I croaked.

His hand grabbed my chin, and he forced my face forward. I could see the data swim around the red in his eyes, like dead fish in an ocean. "Humans change when they're abused. They're hurt. They're crying. And when no one reaches out to help, they attack. They kill."

" Javier, I think I found out what I can do!" Mary's words slid over my eyes as I sucked in a breath. Rory made no sense.

Javier, I think I found out what I can do!" And I wasn't sure what to listen to. "Rory... what are you saying? You're not human..."

A smirk lifted Rory's lips. "Neither are you and yet... here we are." He pushed me back and stood, just as Axe turned on a second set of lights, ones just overhead. "Javi, I'm forever learning, advancing. To get to this point was worth it, but I lost it all because you had to go and die..."

Electric waves shot through the chair. I felt them buzz under my skin. My gaze bounced back and forth from Rory, from Axe. I wanted Mary to message me again. I wanted to respond.



" Sensors malfunction. Reboot required."

Sensors malfunction. Reboot required." No, please...

No, please... "But I thought I'd be the hero, bringing you back would have them giving me my own badge of honor. Those droids out there run off my copy, a program I power all on my own. But you, Javi, you're just as free as me, and you took that for granted."

my me, Axe stood beside Rory, head down, gaze focused on a space along the floor. Rory, noticing his fear, moved to his hand to lift Axe's chin. They locked eyes and for a moment, I swore, theirs glistened with emotion, with sadness.

"Because you were so much better, I wasn't needed." Without looking, Rory spoke to me, "I was tossed down below with the trash heap, with the copies and their lack of emotions. I wanted to give up until I came across—" He traced his finger along Axe's lip. "—you. And I thought, if I could copy your code into him and make him just as free as me, then all would be all right with the world... That's why I went with Mary today. I needed to make sure the copying be done without a single hiccup..."

needed Tiny pricks of pain went off under my fingers and along my head. I winced, pushing back in my seat. I tried to escape the feeling.

Rory looked at me and sighed. "And if I can fix him, he can be you. Be human , like you. Honestly, I don't care about the others..."

human Words attempted to appear over my vision, but they faded, broken pixels in a field of fog and clouds. Shaking my head, I tried to suck in a breath and calm myself. But nothing worked.

Is this what Axe meant? My battery ran on emotion. Every time I shut down, I was afraid?

I can't be afraid right now. I can't go down.

I can't be afraid right now. I can't go down. "This won't take long." Rory dropped his hand away from Axe's face and smiled at me. "Just a little copy, a little upload, and I'll let you go."

"No, wait—" I tried to move back. Kick my legs. I did anything and everything to break out of my chair. But the lights went out, and I was covered in darkness. I wasn't sure if it was me, my eyes, or the room itself.

Rory, don't...

Rory, don't... "It's too late, Javi. I promise you won't feel a thing. But I need him to feel. Like fireworks."

|||

||| Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: January 7th, 2014

Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: January 7th, 2014 Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: January 7th, 2014 "Hey, Rory?" I tapped the glass of an Android's case. There were six in line at Bionics' primary facility, but the one tagged Rory was the only one that functioned as it should. Sometimes, it was too smart for its own good. Mary was good at this technology thing, and Rory was her prized masterpiece.

"Hey, Rory?" I tapped the glass of an Android's case. There were six in line at Bionics' primary facility, but the one tagged Rory was the only one that functioned as it should. Sometimes, it was too smart for its own good. Mary was good at this technology thing, and Rory was her prized masterpiece. She was proud of the blond hair teen she'd built. And I thought he was a good company.

She was proud of the blond hair teen she'd built. And I thought he was a good company. From inside his tube, he opened his eyes. When he saw me, he smiled, and I listened to the metal of his body whir as he extended his hand. Fingertips met glass.

From inside his tube, he opened his eyes. When he saw me, he smiled, and I listened to the metal of his body whir as he extended his hand. Fingertips met glass. "Oh, sorry, man," I laughed, shaking my head. "You're not used to this whole body thing yet, are you?"

"Oh, sorry, man," I laughed, shaking my head. "You're not used to this whole body thing yet, are you?" Rory, shaking his head, looked down at his hands. He stretched his fingers—one, two, three. "Afraid not." Robotic action lifted his head. I heard his eyes blink. "But it's all for good reason, isn't it?"

Rory, shaking his head, looked down at his hands. He stretched his fingers—one, two, three. "Afraid not." Robotic action lifted his head. I heard his eyes blink. "But it's all for good reason, isn't it?" "Of course." I smiled. "Mary drafted up your codes and all that—" I waved my hands around at the documents attached to his tube. "—fancy stuff."

"Of course." I smiled. "Mary drafted up your codes and all that—" I waved my hands around at the documents attached to his tube. "—fancy stuff."

Rory laughed.

Rory laughed. "Agencies are interested, for sure. I mean, no one has ever made a program like you."

"Agencies are interested, for sure. I mean, no one has ever made a program like you." "Program." He repeated the word and smiled. "I suppose that's what I was, yes. But in here—" He stretched his fingers again. "—I do feel different."

"Program." He repeated the word and smiled. "I suppose that's what I was, yes. But in here—" He stretched his fingers again. "—I do feel different." "How?" I inspected the glass closer, trying to get a better look at him. He looked like your average teen, a little smaller than I was at seventeen. His skin looked real enough, I couldn't tell with the glass in the way. The only difference between a human and he was his movements. I could see the struggle in his metal joints. I wonder what connected him? Artificial muscle tissue? Wires?

"How?" I inspected the glass closer, trying to get a better look at him. He looked like your average teen, a little smaller than I was at seventeen. His skin looked real enough, I couldn't tell with the glass in the way. The only difference between a human and he was his movements. I could see the struggle in his metal joints. I wonder what connected him? Artificial muscle tissue? Wires? "Feelings are more optimal in this position," Rory said. His blue eyes met mine, and I watched them turn bright. "Like fireworks."

"Feelings are more optimal in this position," Rory said. His blue eyes met mine, and I watched them turn bright. "Like fireworks." I raised my brows. "Like fireworks? Actual fireworks? Those sticks of dynamite you see on the fourth or something?"

I raised my brows. "Like fireworks? Actual fireworks? Those sticks of dynamite you see on the fourth or something?" "Precisely." Rory's smile looked weird, but I felt the kindness behind it. It was a lot better than the waves of pixels and data I used to see on Mary's home computer. Like this, he had a life. It was nice.

"Precisely." Rory's smile looked weird, but I felt the kindness behind it. It was a lot better than the waves of pixels and data I used to see on Mary's home computer. Like this, he had a life. It was nice. "Are fireworks what you feel when you look at Mary?"

"Are fireworks what you feel when you look at Mary?" I blinked when I looked back at him.

I blinked when I looked back at him. "Is that... what love is?"

"Is that... what love is?" "Love?" I couldn't help my smile. I saw it in the reflection of the glass.

"Love?" I couldn't help my smile. I saw it in the reflection of the glass. Mary was the love of my life and had been since we were kids. Sure, we'd dated other people in the beginning, but my eyes were always on her; and hers on me. And maybe it was the rush of running off together when no one was looking that made it stronger. Or the excitement of knowing that, no matter what anyone did, my heart would always be hers. Or it could've been foolishness in our youth.

Mary was the love of my life and had been since we were kids. Sure, we'd dated other people in the beginning, but my eyes were always on her; and hers on me. And maybe it was the rush of running off together when no one was looking that made it stronger. Or the excitement of knowing that, no matter what anyone did, my heart would always be hers. Or it could've been foolishness in our youth. But in the end, after years of being together, I would definitely say that love was like fireworks across a night sky.

But in the end, after years of being together, I would definitely say that love was like fireworks across a night sky. "It's definitely like love, man." I had to answer his question honestly. "Love is fireworks, heat, warmth, cold, darkness—"

"It's definitely like love, man." I had to answer his question honestly. "Love is fireworks, heat, warmth, cold, darkness—" "Why have you said negative things?" he asked.

"Why have you said negative things?" he asked. "Because love isn't always great, and sometimes, it can crash and leave you cold—"

"Because love isn't always great, and sometimes, it can crash and leave you cold—" The door to Bionics' facility opened. Quick squeaking footsteps came in. I looked back to see Mary hurrying in my direction, a smile on her face.

The door to Bionics' facility opened. Quick squeaking footsteps came in. I looked back to see Mary hurrying in my direction, a smile on her face. "—But even in that cold, it's love that can pull you out and lift you up."

"—But even in that cold, it's love that can pull you out and lift you up." "Where you belong?" Rory smiled.

"Where you belong?" Rory smiled. I nodded. "Exactly."

I nodded. "Exactly." Mary came into my arms and giggled into my chest. Her fingers were pressed over her mouth to stifle the sound. She looked at me, smiled, and turned her eyes over to Rory. "Hey, buddy," she said to him. "Are you ready?"

Mary came into my arms and giggled into my chest. Her fingers were pressed over her mouth to stifle the sound. She looked at me, smiled, and turned her eyes over to Rory. "Hey, buddy," she said to him. "Are you ready?" "For?" Rory tilted his head. "Will I have another screening?"

"For?" Rory tilted his head. "Will I have another screening?" "No." Mary shook her head no, but there was too much excitement in that motion.

"No." Mary shook her head no, but there was too much excitement in that motion. I had to turn her and cup her face, all to look in her eyes. "What's going on? Why are you so happy?"

I had to turn her and cup her face, all to look in her eyes. "What's going on? Why are you so happy?" "Because—" Mary jumped twice and squealed. "Rory's going to be presented today. They're going to pick him, I swear."

"Because—" Mary jumped twice and squealed. "Rory's going to be presented today. They're going to pick him, I swear." "Shit!" I had to laugh too and looked at my robotic friend. "Hear that, Rory? You're going to be famous."

"Shit!" I had to laugh too and looked at my robotic friend. "Hear that, Rory? You're going to be famous." "Me?" Rory's robotic hands touched his chest. "I'll be famous?"

"Me?" Rory's robotic hands touched his chest. "I'll be famous?" "You bet." With the tips of my knuckles, I hit the glass, like you would the shoulder of a friend.

"You bet." With the tips of my knuckles, I hit the glass, like you would the shoulder of a friend. Rory smiled.

Rory smiled. "You will be Mr. Premium Grade." Mary pressed her hand, palm flat, against the glass. "You'll be our pride and joy."

"You will be Mr. Premium Grade." Mary pressed her hand, palm flat, against the glass. "You'll be our pride and joy." "Will I?" Rory's smile brightened. "Is that more than being a best friend?"

"Will I?" Rory's smile brightened. "Is that more than being a best friend?" "No." Mary shook her head. "To the world, you'll be what they want and need. But to us, you'll be our best friend. Forever."

"No." Mary shook her head. "To the world, you'll be what they want and need. But to us, you'll be our best friend. Forever." "Like a brother," I added.

"Like a brother," I added. Rory looked at me, and I saw electricity pass over his eyes. I'd never seen it happen before. For a second, I was worried and leaned closer.

Rory looked at me, and I saw electricity pass over his eyes. I'd never seen it happen before. For a second, I was worried and leaned closer. We locked eyes. "Am I your brother, Javier?" he asked me.

We locked eyes. "Am I your brother, Javier?" he asked me. I couldn't help but nod and press my hand over the glass, just like Mary had done. "You know it, man. Best bros."

I couldn't help but nod and press my hand over the glass, just like Mary had done. "You know it, man. Best bros." That light flashed once more. Too bright. But he nodded. Smiled. And pressed his hand over the glass, too. "Best bros."

That light flashed once more. Too bright. But he nodded. Smiled. And pressed his hand over the glass, too. "Best bros." *



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





20 || T W E N T Y




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "But you know the saying, right? If it isn't broken, don't try and fix it."

"But you know the saying, right? If it isn't broken, don't try and fix it." "But you know the saying, right? If it isn't broken, don't try and fix it." *

* "Can I go back? Will it turn on?"

"Can I go back? Will it turn on?" Words repeated in my head, in my voice, but I wasn't the one talking.

"What if it hurts? Will there be light when we get there?"

"What if it hurts? Will there be light when we get there?" I was listening, trying to put together the broke sentences like a puzzle with missing pieces.

"I want to see the stars, bright in the sky. The ocean is nice."

"I want to see the stars, bright in the sky. The ocean is nice." But the pieces didn't fit together, and none of it made sense. As I tried to pull myself out from my mind, I felt myself falling further, deeper. No matter how far I reached, how hard I scratched, there was no ledge to grab onto. It was just air. Wind. Words. So many words.

"The wind smells like honey. Can you look at me? Look at me. Hey. Hey!"

"The wind smells like honey. Can you look at me? Look at me. Hey. Hey!" I groaned in discomfort, but there was no actual pain. There was an emptiness, and like a room with no windows, it felt tight and small. Enough to make me claustrophobic in my own mind. My next reaction was to scream. Scream until I couldn't.

I opened my mouth, so wide it hurt, and I searched for the sound to burst from my lungs. But the moment I found it, hands touched my face.

Warm, real hands.

real My eyes snapped open.

"He's awake...." Wendy's face came into view, blurry at first, but clear seconds after. Her bright green eyes were filled with tears as she laughed, happy and relieved. And as her small fingers touched my cheeks, she turned and looked behind her. "Mary, he's awake!"

I'm awake.

I'm awake. I tried to follow her gaze across the room but realized my line of sight was too low, too far. Turning my head also wasn't an easy thing to do.

Yes, I was awake. But I was also on the floor.

When did I get down here?

When did I get down here? "Javi!" The sound of Mary's squeaking shoes hurried in my direction, so fast, my head snapped back. With the tears streaming down her face, it was my turn to be filled with relief. I smiled as she dropped down beside Wendy and the two of them cupped my face. Hands filled with warmth, with love. It was my turn to feel happiness burn in my eyes.

"Javi, you're awake." Mary's thumb brushed under my eye as Wendy sat back on her knees. "I thought... I was worried that..." She sucked in a deep breath before giving me a weak smile. "We're happy you're okay..."

"Why wouldn't I be?" I asked, then realized they shouldn't be in the room with me. They shouldn't have been in the building at all. "Why... why are you here?"



Instantly, I pushed myself up to sit and searched the room. At first glance, it was the same; monitors and computers all in the same location. But as the lights flickered and another set of feet rushed in, I knew it was different. The hall was behind me, not in front of me.

Where am I?

Where am I? "Where are we...?"

Mary's hands looped around my arms, pulling me up to stand. Wendy's fingers linked with mine as she pressed herself up against my leg. I looked at both of them before turning back around to glance at the hall, just as Will hurried in towards us.

"Where's Rory?" I asked, looking at all of them. "Axe?"

"Rory?" Mary's hands tightened their grip. "Did you see him in here? Is he okay? They didn't get him... did they?"

Her questions made me tense, and I couldn't look at her. I ignored her.

"Will?" I kept my focus on my friend. The sweat that sprouted on his forehead worried me. "Can you tell me what's going on?"

For a second, Will didn't speak. He leaned forward, hands on his knees, sucking in deep, rough breaths as he tried to look at me. For the first time, I wasn't reactive to his emotions. Or anyone's, really. When I looked down at Wendy, her shaky, fearful breaths didn't bring on the horrible rock filled with tension. And when I glance back at Mary, her worrisome gaze did not create a worry of my own.

I felt neutral. Numb. Calm.

Calm. What's wrong with me?

What's wrong with me? "Will?" I finally looked back at him as he sucked in another breath, standing up straight. "Why am I here?" I asked again. "And where did they go?"

they "I don't know," Will panted, glancing back into the hall. "We.. we followed your signal here. Mary wasn't going to leave until we did."

"I said I couldn't," Mary whispered as she tugged my arm.

Looking back at her, I remembered her messages. But I also remembered being strapped to a chair. And computers... so many computers.

Rory said he only needed to copy and upload my data into Axe. After, he promised to let me go. Had he really? Did he keep his promise? Are we free to go?

Something doesn't feel right...

Something doesn't feel right... "But... that shit doesn't matter," Will said as he pushed his hands up into his hair. "I just scoped the sides of the building and they fill the streets, man."

My brows pulled in tight, and I narrowed my gaze. I tried to read his readings from my sensors, but they had to be off. Happiness ? There was no way he was happy. He looked terrified.

Happiness I'm not calm, I'm broken.

I'm not calm, I'm broken. I took a step towards him. Wendy and Mary moved with me, stuck like glue. "Filled with what? Who?" I asked Will. "What's going on?"

He dropped his hands before he looked up at the ceiling. My sensors picked up bitterness, anger, but the glistening in his eyes, to me, was sadness. Regret.

Why are my main computers so wrong?

Why are my main computers so wrong? When Will looked back at me, that sad tear, filled with every emotion I knew he had, fell. It slid down his cheek as he sucked in one long, slow breath. "The androids," he said. "They're everywhere. Every corner, every inch, every fucking mile." He closed his eyes and shook his head. "I thought getting out of here would be easy, but Javi... I feel like we're stuck."

knew Silence fell over us. I dropped my gaze down to the floor and stared at the lines that separated the tile. They moved with my thoughts, swaying like docile ocean waves.

We were stuck. The warehouse was surrounded. And no one knew where Rory or Axe was. Or why I was suddenly in another room.

I looked back at Mary. "Did you move me here?" I asked her.

"No." She shook her head, finally dropping her hands. "We had come in to shut down power. I thought.... I thought if I blacked out the warehouse, the droids outside would stop moving. But the second we made it down to the lower floors, we were chased... or, we thought we were being chased."

My gaze moved from her back to Will. He accepted his turn to talk. "They weren't chasing us," he said, pointing back into the hall. "They were all running to get outside and stand in the rain, like..." his voice trailed off and I took in what he said.

The warehouse was empty, all the androids had gone outside. But why? Had Rory and Axe gone out, too?

Trying to remember the layout of the building, I moved towards the room's exit. If I could pinpoint Rory's location, then I can get each of us out of here. Because I knew it wasn't the power that connected the droids to each other, it was him . He had said it:

him They were copies of him and he controlled each and every one of them.

Rory was the key.

I need to stop him.

I need to stop him. Yet, the second I lifted my foot to leave, Wendy held on tight. Her tiny fingers tugged me back. When I looked at her, I saw tears in her eyes, too. And these my computer could read with no problems.

"Peter..." Her voice trembled as she spoke, "Are we going to die?"

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





21 || T W E N T Y - O N E




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Ever feel completely hopeless? And that's why you want to fix everything around you? Yeah... that's me. All the time."

"Ever feel completely hopeless? And that's why you want to fix everything around you? Yeah... that's me. All the time." "Ever feel completely hopeless? And that's why you want to fix everything around you? Yeah... that's me. All the time." *

* Wendy had always been my priority. Ensuring her safety, her care, was all that I'd cared about after a while. And seeing the tears in her eyes ripped through my center, disrupting the calm of my turning emotions. Without thinking, I reached down to lift her up in my arms. I held her close. And she cried.

"Javi..." Mary's hand slid down my back as I carried my sister out of the room and down the hall. I followed the path Will had come from, eyeing the dark rooms that were opened and empty.

Had the droids come from there? Did Rory let them all out?

Had the droids come from there? Did Rory let them all out? "Look over here." Will hurried past me, leading me down the hall until we reached the end. The left side bore more rooms, but the right was exposed to dim light breaking through large windows. Wendy's face pressed into the nook of my neck as I approached them. Peering outside, I looked at the raindrops that slapped against the glass. Then down below, at the androids scattered throughout the road, just like he'd said.

Everywhere. Every inch. Every mile.

My breaths slowed as I looked at each of them. Their faces turned up towards the rain. Their mouths were open, catching water on their tongues. None of them gave off a signal, so I wasn't sure what they were feeling. But to me, in my eyes, it looked like... freedom.

"I wanted to shut everything down and save you." Mary came beside me and stroked Wendy's arm as I held her. "Wendy said you were hurt, that the bots were doing something horrible to you. I couldn't... I couldn't sit back and let that happen."

I glanced at her through strands of Wendy's red hair. Mary and I locked eyes as she continued, "So, we came back in. We snuck through. And I thought I had it down... because I know this place. But all the droids came running out, and we had to be safe. I feel like... I feel like I messed it up."

"You didn't," I said as Will stood on the opposite side of me. I looked at him before I looked down below once more. The androids never moved. "Shutting down the warehouse would not stop them, anyway."

"What?" Mary gasped, shaking her head. "But this building is what gives them power. The replicas... they don't have a core like you do, or like any of the commercial droids. They run off just one system and that's—"

"Rory." I held Wendy tight. She trembled in fear when I said his name. "They're each connected to Rory's core and do as he says."

"No..." Mary shook her head as she looked outside. "Rory wouldn't do that. It's against the laws built into his core."

I closed my eyes for a second, taking in a deep breath.

"And I... Rory hasn't been functioning, sure, but being broken only means—"



"He pretended to be, Mar," I said. "He's working just fine."

"—And... and... I personally ran his diagnostics to make sure he was! I just, I—"

I turned to look at her as Wendy's arms tightened around my neck. My shoulder leaned against the window's glass. "Mar." I looked Mary in the eye. "He's doing all of this. All because you forgot him."

The tears welled up in Mary's eyes so fast, their dark brown color almost glowed. Her hand covered her bottom lip. "I never forgot about Rory... he's my best friend. He's—"

"He's been neglected, hasn't he? Remember the plans you had for him? How they all..." I sighed. "How they all were suddenly my plans? Mar, he's pissed. And unstable."

my He just wants to be seen.

He just wants to be seen. Mary took a step back. She stumbled a bit, using the wall to keep balance. To see her suck in breaths as her cries hardened, as her body shook, should've bothered me. But a part of me felt like she knew, and this reaction was guilt. Because... "These replicas ..." I pursed my lips before I glanced back outside. "They don't want to do anything. They can't. They're all being controlled. By him. And me ."

replicas me Mary's eyes snapped up and went wide as she looked at me.

"You know about my replica, don't you, Mar?" As I spoke, Wendy lifted her head and turned her tearful eyes in Mary's direction. "You knew that creating me would make... something just like me."

something "Javi... I..." Mary stood straight and tried to grab me. But I shook her away. Carrying Wendy was more important. "I couldn't live without you... I had to agree with it. Your parents did, too. We all knew the consequences of doing this because we loved you."

I scoffed and shook my head. "Loved. Past tense," I said. Wendy turned her head again, looking at me this time. With a weak smile, I brushed the tears off her face with my thumb. "It doesn't matter now. The damage has been done, to me, to him."

"I don't understand..." Mary cried, hands in her hair.

"You don't," I whispered, closing my eyes. "You made me, you found me convenient, but then once reality set in, you hated me. I became nothing but a bot to you. A bot with a face... you couldn't look at."

Mary's mouth opened and closed. Tears slid between her lips. "I did everything right. I did what I was supposed to do."

"You didn't." I pursed my lips as I placed Wendy back down on her feet. Yet, she didn't let me go. Her small hand slid into mine, her body against my leg. That was love, that was a need. For reality, for now...

Mary and my parents only loved a memory.

I know what you're feeling, Rory.

I know what you're feeling, Rory. "I know what I have to do," I said as I placed my hand on Wendy's shoulder. Glancing out the window, I tried to spot a single change in the droids outside. But there was none. "And I can make this right..."

|||

||| If there was one thing I should've learned in my second life, it was the truth about darkness. It was more than shadows, more than night. Darkness was an emotion; pure evil. An entity, like a demon in storybooks.

Rory was that exact definition of darkness. And it wasn't his fault. Was I wrong to want to help him? No. Would it be wrong to shut him down? Yes, but to save the people that cared about me, I had to.

I had to save everyone.

Even if it meant losing me .

me It didn't take me long to figure out what I needed to do. Rory was the cause of all of this, and I was the key. I could tell by looking at him, the way he reacted to Axe, this was more than just abandonment. It was an unstable obsession. He may see have seen it as desire, but that was figurative. The mind—his mind—was imbalanced. And in order to take him out, I needed to go out with him.

Like he'd said, we were alike. Without him, there was no me. And without me, there'd be no android attacks. This wasn't about Axe or the replicas. This was about me and him. And our mutual desire to be wanted in our world. I thought if I tried to love everyone, they'd accept me.

Rory... he thought if he inflicted pain, pushed hatred onto others, they had no choice but to acknowledge him. Axe was just his prize along the way... right?

Sitting on the floor with my arms on my legs, I made my plan. I'd find him and take out his core. But I wasn't dumb. An android's center was equivalent to a bomb. If he explodes, so would I.

"Communications." I made the verbal command to my internal computers as I looked up at Mary. She wouldn't talk to me after what I'd said. She couldn't face the truth. Leave it up to her emotions to block her from what's important. So human . I had to thank my processors for my ability to lose that guilt so quickly.

human " Contact list retrieved, " my internal device replied in my head.

Contact list retrieved, I took in a deep breath. Turning my head, I looked down at Wendy. She sat beside me, head on my arm. She'd tied and untied her shoelaces at least ten times, humming a soft tune.

Faith. Trust. And pixie dust.

Faith. Trust. And pixie dust. Peter's going to save the day, Wendy.

Peter's going to save the day, Wendy. "Call Juan Morales." I watched the list scroll over my eyes until it settled on my father's name. Wendy flinched beside me, stopping her song. I looked down at her and ruffled her hair. "Keep singing, Lost Girl," I said to her.

"You're calling dad?" she whispered.

I nodded, forcing a small smile as ringing echoed in my ears. "I am," I said.

Ring, ring.

Ring, ring. "I want him to know you're okay."

Ring, ring.

Ring, ring. "And that I'm going to take care of everything..."

The ringing stopped, and static filled my ears. I kept my focus on Wendy's face to keep calm. Because the seconds that passed felt like minutes, like hours. And that tension, that rock, was on the ledge of my emotions, ready to fall and collide with my heart.

Then I heard him. His breathing. His quiet curses. It went on and on... until he said, "Mijo?"

I think a tear fell from my eye. "Dad?"

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





22 || T W E N T Y - T W O




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "I never aimed for perfection. I aimed for acceptance. A simple, 'hey, you're one of us, too.'"

"I never aimed for perfection. I aimed for acceptance. A simple, 'hey, you're one of us, too.'" "I never aimed for perfection. I aimed for acceptance. A simple, 'hey, you're one of us, too.'" *

* My father had always been my voice of reason. Growing up, I knew I ran to him for everything. Even after my recreation, I'd talk to him when my head was in a bind. And if I ever needed advice, a simple go ahead, it was now.

go ahead, "Javier, where are you?" he asked, his voice muffled on his end of the phone.

I couldn't hide my smile as I stood. Grabbing Wendy's hand, I pulled her up to stand with me. Her green eyes locked onto mine as I led her back down the hall to Mary. I couldn't let her hear what I needed to say to our father.

"Javier, please tell me you're okay."

My hand ruffled the top of Wendy's head before I looked at Mary. The tears in her eyes had changed. They weren't filled with guilt, but worry. And not for herself, but for me. Each of her emotions was picked up by my computers. I touched her face, stroking her cheek with my thumb.

Don't, she mouthed.

Don't, My smile weakened.

"And your sister? Wendy? Is she with you? Mijo, are the two of you okay?"

My forehead pressed against Mary's as my dad continued to panic. I could hear it in his tone, the love shifting from relief to fear. My call wasn't meant to terrify him. I wanted to talk to him one more time. "We're okay," I whispered as I glanced down at Wendy, placing my hand on her shoulder to keep her close between Mary and me. "Wendy's okay, we're with Mary and Will. You remember him?"

My father stuttered for a moment as though he tried to remember. "I do... the boy from the grocery store."

"Right." A sigh slipped past my lips. "They're here. We're here. We're okay. And you, dad? Are you okay?"

There was a nervous laugh, mainly filled with relief. I could hear it in my father's tone. "I'm okay, mijo," he said. "I found your mother, too. She's okay... she never made it to her conference this morning and found shelter nearby."

I took in his relief and rolled with it. The corners of my lips lifted into a small smile.

"Good, that's good to hear," I said. And then my smile faded. "Dad... I need you to do something for me."



"Mijo..." The word left him in one breath. Lifting my head, I listened to him mutter to himself. Keeping my gaze focused on Mary's calmed the pressure on my chest. I knew my sensors would work like mad if I didn't. "What is it? Are they there? The police. Did they get you?"

I took a step back, separating myself from the two people who held my heart the closest. "No, Dad," I dropped my voice down to a whisper. "They tried, but we got away."

"They tried!" My father's shock rang in my ears as I turned and made sure Wendy couldn't hear me. Just one glance back, seeing her looking up at Mary, proved she couldn't. I whispered her name to be sure. But that scared my father even more. "Javier! What did they do to you?"



"Dad..."

"Once this passes, mijo, I swear we'll take care of it, okay? They need to know they can't treat you like that. They can't."

I stared down the empty hall. I could feel the static coming in through the walls and ceiling. I knew Rory was close by, but where? And when I found him, what would happen to the droids outside? My mind took the minute to race.

"Your mother and I... we were wrong. We should've let you stay home with Wendy. You both would've been safe. This... these fights outside, the androids... Mijo, when I get to you, I swear to you we will never treat you differently. Never again."

Every part of me stopped as he spoke. I heard him. Felt him. And for a moment, I thought back on my decision.

All I've ever wanted was to be a part of the family...

"So, please stay safe. Wait until this dies down. They say that trucks are coming in. This will all get fixed, okay?"

"Dad..." I slid my hand over my mouth as I turned back towards Wendy and Mary. "I called you because you were always the one to tell me yes, or no, or stop, or go..."

He was silent on the other line.

"I know what's causing this. The hiccups, the errors, the reason the cops are trying to shoot the androids... it's me. But I can fix it..."

"No, mijo, stop right there." In my head, I could see my father. At this moment, I know he'd raise his hand and shake his head. The frustration on his face would make him redder than a cherry. "This isn't about you—"

"It is, though..."

"—And if we made you feel that way, understand we didn't mean to. Because... Javier, estás escuchando? Are you listening to me? We can't lose you again. We love you."

Dropping my hand, I rushed back down the hall towards Wendy and Mary. Wendy gasped when I came too close too quickly, but I bent down and hugged her. Tight. I pressed my lips against her hair and kissed the side of her head.

"And I swear to you, mijo, that once this is done and over, your mother and I will make it up to you."

I cupped Wendy's face once more before I stood and looked into Mary's eyes. I could see her thoughts racing through their chocolate brown color. Her quick breaths hit my neck. Reaching my hand out, I grabbed hers. I linked our fingers.

"But I need you to stay safe. Stay g-good—"

His voice broke with static. A boom echoed around him. Tilting my head, I tried to listen to his end more closely, but I couldn't make out all the noise. Connecting in with my computers, I couldn't grab hold of his location; his GPS was down or blocked.

Without meaning to, I squeezed Mary's hand. "Javi?" she whispered, panicked.

I looked at her as data appeared over my eyes. My computers ran scans in search of my father.

"Javier—" His voice returned, just as muffled as it'd been in the beginning. Static came again, too, louder this time. I winced in response. "—a bunker.... we will find you... safe... Wendy."

I could barely make out his words. And when I opened my mouth to ask if he was okay, the call ended. An empty dial tone rang in my ears.

"Javi?" Mary inched closer, her chest meeting mine. "What's going on? What did your dad say? What are you going to do?"

I could feel Wendy's hands grip my pants as she tried to get my attention. One glance down at her, my weak smile tried to tell her it was okay. "Dad's safe," I said, holding her close. "He wants you to stay safe, too."

"What about you?" Wendy's voice trembled as she spoke. "Doesn't he care about you, too?"

"He does." Lifting my head, I looked into Mary's eyes as I pulled her closer against me. Her legs bumped into mine with nowhere to go. I continued to talk to Wendy, "He wants me to stay here with you, with Mary, and be safe. And sound..." My voice trailed off as I closed my eyes and pressed my forehead to Mary's as I'd done earlier. "But I can't, I know what needs to be done."

"Peter..." Wendy's face pressed against my side. "If something happens to you..."

I thought she'd finish her sentence, but she didn't. Mary did. Mary nudged my face with hers and brushed our noses together. And she said, "I'll die. I can't live without you. I'm wrong to hide all of this from you, wrong to lie to you. But I did it to protect you, to keep you sane. And I—"

I kissed her. A full-on kiss. Our lips locked, and she sighed into my mouth. It was the first time Wendy willingly let me go. I heard her feet shuffle away. But I didn't turn to look at her, I was focused. Determined. I just wanted one good kiss from the woman that used to be my wife.

"Javier..." Mary breathed against my lips and I opened my eyes. Hers were hooded, rimmed with tears. "I love you..."

I looked in her eyes. Felt her emotion. Read her emotion. I knew she meant it. For once, I could tell she wasn't lying. I had to pull my bottom lip up between my teeth to keep calm. "I love you, too..." I whispered back.

Her forehead dipped forward, warm skin pressed against my lips as though she forced a gentle kiss. "I'll help you," she said. And I gulped. "I'll get down to the security rooms and run this building on overdrive... it'll send signals everywhere, bring every truck and agent here. It's the least I can do to keep you safe."

My jaw clenched as I processed what she said. Glancing down at Wendy, I saw she'd moved with Will, holding him instead. There was a small smile on her face, a flicker of happiness. She wasn't afraid. Then again, she never was.

"Just promise me one thing," Mary's stern voice pulled my attention, and I looked down into her eyes. She wiped at her tears. When I nodded, she said, "Come back to me."

I looked at her before looking out of the window behind her. Lightning sliced across the sky, parting the clouds with their light. For a moment, the grey turned white. Beautiful, even. My mother always told me that Heaven would send out sends, messages of goodwill, just when you needed them most. After what my father had said, and Mary's unshielded heart, I took it all as my reason to go and end this.

Sliding my fingers up into Mary's curls, I nodded and closed my eyes. "I promise."

Data saved.

Data saved. *



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





23 || T W E N T Y - T H R E E




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Being a part of the world is easier said than done. Doesn't mean I should stop trying."

"Being a part of the world is easier said than done. Doesn't mean I should stop trying." "Being a part of the world is easier said than done. Doesn't mean I should stop trying." *

* * "I'm coming with you, Peter!" Wendy's voice still echoed in my head as Will and I snuck down away from the computer room. She'd been screaming to come with us, fighting Mary because she couldn't just leave. But I knew getting to Rory and Axe wouldn't be easy.

"I'm coming with you, Peter!" There were androids in the way.

And I needed Will as my right-hand man.

With our backs pressed against the walls, we hid with the shadows, away from the window's moonlight. We were just yards away from the emergency stairs.

"I don't think I can do this," Will whispered as he curved his neck around the corridor to look down the next hall. Three androids paced there, between each other, around each other. Their red eyes lit the space.

Are they Rory's distractions?

Are they Rory's distractions? "You can," I whispered back, eyes still glued to the ceiling. "Remember what I said we before we left..."

"Yeah..." Will looked back at me. I'd told him I needed him to fight with me, but that was a lie, and he knew it. He was my safeguard, my emergency. When I thought of my plan, my computers processed two alternate endings for my meeting with Rory. The first ensured my victory and the safety of every civilian within a fifty-mile radius, possibly further than that. The second...

Will rubbed his face. "What if they attack me?" he asked.

The second plan, though it began the same, ended with my core failure. Yes, the androids and Rory would fail with me, but if I was alone, no one would go down and tell Mary and Wendy of my fate. No one would let them know I had died. Again.

Will would be my voice. And when I told him that, he had agreed.

I slid my tongue over my teeth as I moved in front of him. I kept hidden but moved just enough to see them. With their broken sensors, none knew I was close by.

"They won't." I looked back at Will. "They'll try, but they look disoriented. Push them."

Will's brows shot up high as his mouth dropped. "Push them? Are you fucking serious?"

Nodding, I pointed at the Bionics symbol on my neck. "Hit them right here-hard. It's our weak point. Just put force and-"

An android heard our voices. Its head shot up as it looked in our direction. Immediately, I pulled Will away from the hallway's edge and pressed him against the wall. He bit his lip so hard he hurt himself. My computers picked up on his fluctuating emotions.

But I didn't look at him. I listened out.

"Javi, I-"

"Shh." I shot Will a hard glare before I pushed off of him and moved towards the corridor. The android's heavy feet echoed as it moved towards us. "Just do as I said," I hissed, looking back at Will. "Push them."



"Push them..." Will repeated as he sucked in a breath. And that sound was cue enough.

The android jumped out into our space. It's outstretched arms reached for my neck, but I caught him. I held him back. With one hand pressed against his chin, forcing his head back, I looked back at Will and shouted, "Go!"

Will reacted. He jumped over my stretched, opened legs and turned into the connecting hall. I could hear the static hit the air when the other androids noticed him. And he screamed in response. "Fuck!"

"Shit!" I ground my teeth and clenched my jaw, forcing the android I held back. But it pushed, too. Its red eyes dug a hole in my soul as its mouth opened wide. It's dark, wavy hair stuck to the sides of his face. Blue liquid dripped out from its ears.

It's beyond help.

It's beyond help. I pushed again, hard, and it stumbled.

They all are.

They all are. Lifting my leg, I slammed my foot into the side of its abdomen and rushed over to Will's side. He'd already fallen back, crawling on his hands and knees. There were tears of fear on his face as the androids rushed towards him, clawing at his legs.

"Come here!" I reached down and pulled Will across the floor, away from the androids who wanted to get him. The one crawling in his direction, I grabbed it by its hair. One of its eyes was red, the other black and hollow. I frowned as it swiped at my face, hissing like an animal.

Will pulled at my sleeve. "Javi!"

The last android behind it stumbled in our direction. And instinct took hold.

With both hands, I gripped the android by its neck and squeezed. When the single red light died, I threw its body at the other rushing towards us. They crashed, hit the wall, and sparks erupted from the back of one's head. Will clung to me as I took a step back, glancing at the first android I'd pushed away.

It remained in the same spot on the floor. Sputtering. Blue liquid puddled around its head.

"I don't think you need me," Will whispered, finally letting go.

"No." I didn't look at him as I made my way towards the emergency stairs. The door called to me. Begged for me to end this all. "I do need you."

"But you just..." Will followed close. "You just killed these things like fucking dolls, man!"

Before I reached the end of the hall, I turned and looked at him. "These bots were already broken, can't you tell?" I pointed at the liquid that stained my shirt. "But Rory? Axe? We can't ambush them, can't sneak up on them, either. I give off an active signal and unlike these guys, I'm sure they see it, feel it."

they Will gulped, brows pulling tight together. "So we're sitting ducks either way?" he whispered.

"Not really." I tapped his arm before I pointed ahead at a door that read Emergency Exit. "We're moving ducks. Harder to catch, difficult to shoot."

Emergency Exit. His mouth opened, then closed.

I tugged at his sweater as I moved towards the door, pushing it open. The stairs seemed to emit the same energy Rory had given off from within the other room. I felt the sparks of electricity hit my feet. "He'll know I'm coming. He's got to know that these androids wouldn't stop me. But I'm what he wants..." Opening the door all the way, I glanced up the two flights of stairs that led to the rooftop. "And I'm ready to deliver."

|||

There was one thing I hadn't told Mary, Wendy, or Will. I didn't have it in me. Maybe because it was hard to explain in words, but as Will and I stared at the rooftop door, it became clear to me.



I had synced with Axe when Rory stole my data. I felt his ache, his loneliness. My nightmares filled with dark rooms, flashing numbers, and moving shadows weren't "dreams" at all... they were his memories. I never told anyone because it was just random information to me. But now? After today? No...

his It'd hit me during that transfer of information that he and I had always been one; one mind, one core, one machine. His fluid behaviors, his voice, his thought process, was all mine.

Just... without... human consciousness.

As I pushed opened the door and stepped out into the pouring rain, I knew exactly what Rory wanted from me, from Axe. It wasn't a replacement, a lover, it was his best friend. His brother.

He literally wanted me. Because I had been the only one to really see him, treat him as a human would another. And Rory... sacrificed it all to get me on top of the Bionics building.

literally really The door shut behind me as Will stepped close to my side. He pulled his hood over his head to block the rain. I simply stood straight and let the water fall down my face. My eyes were focused on what was ahead of us.

Dead center of the roof was Axe. Face tilted up towards the sky, just like the androids on the front lawn. In front of him was Rory. His face looked frantic, his eyes glowed brightly. He kept pulling and tugging at Axe's sleeves, but nothing happened.

"We can see the water!" Rory shouted, hands gripping the sides of Axe's collar. "We can see the lake! The ocean! Whatever you want! Just fucking look at me!"

The sound of his voice made Will move back. His shoes thumped against the closed metal door. I could hear his trembling breaths as I focused on Rory. I'd never seen an Android give off human emotions before. Then again, he wasn't like any other droid, right? Did I do the same thing?

thumped "We can go sight-seeing and star-watching. We can do it all, Javi!"

Javi. He called him, Javi.

Javi. He called him, Javi. "Just please!" Rory's head pressed into the crook of Axe's neck as he openly sobbed. Still, Axe didn't move. I thought for a second I could feel him, too, but different. Broken, like dead radio signals. "Please, just wake up for me."

As I stepped forward, I remembered that's exactly what Rory had told me when I'd been recreated. It was days after I'd first woken up, but I refused to see or talk to anyone. I was in denial of the body I'd been placed in. I wanted to be alive, not a machine.

It was Rory who pulled me out of bed. It was his hand that turned my head. And he'd said the exact same words, but with care and love, not need.

" Please, just wake up for me."

Please, just wake up for me." Just a foot away from them, I blew water out from between my lips and clenched my fists at my sides. I locked onto Rory's signal before I spoke. "Look at me."

Slowly, Rory lifted his head up from Axe's shoulder. His eyes shifted from blue to red. But he didn't speak.

"I'm here. This is what you wanted, right?"

His hands gripped Axe's collar so tight, I heard the material tear at the seams.

I shook my head and looked around. "This isn't the way to do it, Rory. We could've talked about this. Like men."

"Men?" His voice was small. Quiet. "Or machines?"

"No." I looked back at him as he moved away from the droid he'd give it all up for. I took a step towards him, one hand up through my hair. "Men. Brothers. Because it's all you wanted, right? To be valued? Loved?"

"You're so..." Rory groaned as he covered his face. When his fingers slid down his skin and over his lips, he shouted, "OBLIVIOUS!"

I wasn't oblivious. I knew what it all meant to him. The jealousy, the pain. The loneliness, the desire. He'd said it; I felt the same way. But not to the degree that rang through him. In my eyes, he'd gone insane. "You were alone, Ror, I get it," I told him as I stepped even closer. "But... taking Wendy and hurting everyone wasn't the way to go about it."

He dropped his head, water slipping off the strands of his blond hair. "Oh?" he chuckled. "But people noticed, right?"

In his chest, I could see his pulsating core. I focused on it, watching it beat. Rings of light came off of him as my sensors pinpointed the energy. "You sound like the criminals who do all the wrong things to make their point."

He lifted his head and licked his lips.

"Were they right in their decisions?" I took another step closer. And another. "Hurting hundreds, thousands of people?"

"I killed droids." Rory's top lip lifted in irritation. "Not humans."

"Your rogue droids killed anything in their path," I said, standing directly in front of him. "Because... I didn't hug you enough?"

rogue droids Rory flinched and squeezed his eyes shut.

"Because Mary found a new toy?"

His hands shot up into his hair.

"Like I told you earlier, Ror, this is one big fucking tantrum. And it needs to stop. Tonight."

I watched his mouth open unnaturally wide. A quiet buzz left him at first, and a part of me thought he'd just scream into the storm.

I didn't expect him to charge at me, hands at my neck.

Red flashed across my eyes.

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





24 || T W E N T Y - F O U R




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "No matter how difficult the world can get, no one should stop. If you do, what would we have in the end?"

"No matter how difficult the world can get, no one should stop. If you do, what would we have in the end?" "No matter how difficult the world can get, no one should stop. If you do, what would we have in the end?" *

* "You broke him!"

Lightning flashed across the sky. Rory rushed into me. I felt his fingers dig into my skin. With rapid reflexes, I pushed my palm into his chin and forced his head back as he screamed, "You broke him!"

We crashed down onto the rooftop as thunder roared beyond the crowds. Grinding my teeth, I lifted my head, searching for Will. When my sensors found him huddled beside the door, I felt electricity spark under my skin. "Hide!" I ordered. I could see him move but not look at me. "Get somewhere and hide!"

Hide, because you can't leave me here.

Hide, because you can't leave me here. "No!" Rory's hands grabbed my head and forced me to look at him. But when I pulled away, we rolled together. I felt his knees ram into my ribs, shifting the power in my system from courage to pain. "You did this! You fucking did this!"

My mind shifted back to the transfer, to Axe's confused thoughts. Of water. Of sight-seeing. Rory had given him hope, dreams of a proper life, but the second my data blended with his, he broke. It wasn't my fault...

proper broke. His core is different... simple and incomplete.

His core is different... simple and incomplete. "No." I rolled on top of Rory and pinned his shoulders down with my knees. His hands flung around like mad, trying to hit me. But I shook my head. "You did this. You forced my code into his system—"

"No, no, no!"

"—He wasn't designed to use my information, he's a military bot. A shell. But you... you broke him."

broke Rory's bright eyes turned black. His hands dropped to his side. Defeated. He made a sound... like a cry.

I didn't take the lack of movement as a victory. With my knees still pinning him down, I leaned back, rain sliding down my face. "Rory..." I caught the change in his emotions. A shift in his energy. "You had to have known that, didn't you?"

Rory's eyes closed.

"You knew he couldn't run the data... You know his model didn't support it. Yet, you—"

"You." Rory's eyes snapped open, making me flinch. "It's always about you, isn't it? That's how it is now, how it was then..."

Rory and I stared at each other as the storm blew gusts of wind against the rooftops. It pushed through our hair, making wet strands stick to my face. I dropped my hands to my legs, easing up just a bit, as Rory raised his to cover his face. The next sound he made was beyond.

I know that pain.

I know that pain. "You don't understand," Rory cried into his hands. "You never understood anything..."



I caught movement behind me. Will. Turning my head, I watched him move from the safety of the door over towards the roof ledge. For a moment, I wanted to yell at him to get back. But that faded as I hear what he moved to go over and observe.

There was another sound in the storm. Like marching.

I felt Rory's hands hit my legs. Quickly, I looked down at him.

"You're close-minded," he hissed through gritted teeth.

My lip twitched.

"You're just like them, you know... Don't you understand what the shadows can do to someone?"

The marching intensified. Hard feet meeting concrete. Turning my gaze away from Rory's cries, I stared at Will, watching him lean over the roof's ledge. His hood had fallen off from his head, blown back by the wind. His hair, too. Even in the heavy rain, I could see his fingers grip tight for support. The tips of his toes pressed down hard. "Javi..." He sounded terrified. "They're moving..."

"Moving?" A part of me wanted to jump up and look, but I knew the second I'd lift my legs, Rory would attack me. And I couldn't have that. "Where are they moving to?"

"Here." Rory almost laughed, and I looked down at him again. "They're coming back here. Back home."

My eyes widened. Was he still controlling them?

"It isn't fair to leave them out in the rain like that..." He spoke and I moved all the way back. I stumbled but stood a foot away from him. He struggled to get to his feet. "I just can't ignore them. Toss them aside... it isn't right. The upload was a fail... something was missing. But that's fine... I can fix it. I can fix anything."

My vision fizzled out of clarity. Shaking my head, I moved further back. My shoes hit Will's when I reached the edge. I felt his hands grab me as I touched my face, wiping water from my eyes. But they didn't return to normal. All I saw was static.

And I heard his voice. "What kind of man would I be if I didn't?" he asked.

Squeezing my eyes once cleared the darkness. And when I opened them, I saw the grey of the storm. And his red eyes. Rory stared at me as he took another step in my direction. Behind him, I saw Axe turn around slowly, a dead expression on his face.

"Rory..." I stood in front of Will, blocking him from Rory's view. "What does that matter? You aren't a man."

"Right," Rory sighed and glanced back at Axe. He watched him as I did, watch the life return to his eyes. But it was different. It was... dormant. He lacked the emotions he showed just hours before. "You're right about that, Javi," Rory said, finally looking back at me.

Gulping, I nodded.

"But you know what you're forgetting?" he whispered, head down.

"What's that?" I knew this wasn't just going to be a talk between two droids. The marching down below meant danger was approaching. The data in the corners of my eyes meant Mary knew it, too. The entire world had to know.

"That you, my friend..." Rory's head snapped up, teeth bared at me. "You aren't a man, either!"

Lightning crashed on top of the roof and Will yelled. I used the sound like a gunshot; like the start of a race. Will may have stumbled back, but I rushed forward. Because Rory did, too.

Our bodies crashed into each other, metal cracking under our skin on impact. I reached my arm back, fist closed, and pushed forward to hit him. He did the same. Each of the artificial tendons in my body worked at full capacity. I could hear the wires tug and pull. And when his fist met my jaw, I heard that too.

"Bionics frame taking critical damage."

"Bionics frame taking critical damage." He hit me three times, and I tried to move, to keep him away from Will. But I couldn't block his hits.

Fuck, he's fast.

Fuck, he's fast. Our bodies hit the wall. It dented on impact. We hit the ground next, the sound of crashing metal echoed in the space around us. And for the first time, my skin broke free from my frame. Underneath the brown skin, I saw wires, I saw sparks.

I felt fear. But I couldn't show it.

"Rory." I reached up to wrap my arm around his neck. I wanted him to stop. I need him to. Otherwise, I couldn't take the chance to break his core. "Stop, please. You can't do this!"

"Stop talking to me!" Rory's hand shot up to my face and pushed as hard as he could. I felt a pressure in the back of my head as I met concrete. "You can't talk me out of this! It is done! There is no going back!"

My computers sputtered for a moment. A pain shot up my head. I couldn't see, couldn't hear. Static covered my eyes and blanketed my ears. Yet, despite how he hindered me, I hadn't forgotten where he was, and I could feel.

With my hands, I pushed down until I felt his face. His nose slid between my fingers as he screamed into my palm. Heat and moisture hit my skin. He let go, and I rolled away.

Coughing, I rubbed my neck as I watched him stand. He didn't look at me, but at Axe. My replica had moved from his dormant state but hadn't taken a step towards us. His head simply dipped from one side to the other. His mouth parted, cheeks dropping, but no sound left him.

"You won't let him do this, right?" Rory asked him as he stood in front of him. "It's been you and me for so long, right? Who has your best interests at heart?"

I crawled back on my hands until I stood up. Will grabbed my arms, touching the blue liquid that spilled down from my open wounds. A quiet " shit " left him, but I ignored him. I kept my eyes on Rory.

shit What is he planning?

What is he planning? I looked at Axe.

What is he doing?

What is he doing? "Axe, look at me." Rory cupped Axe's face, pulling his attention from me to him. "He's trying to stop me. He's trying to turn you back. Are you going to let him do that?"

I gulped.

"Are you going to let him shut you down?"

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





25 || T W E N T Y - F I V E




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "I guess it isn't the end of the world. The pain is always there, but it's always healing, too."

"I guess it isn't the end of the world. The pain is always there, but it's always healing, too." "I guess it isn't the end of the world. The pain is always there, but it's always healing, too." *

* As Axe took a step forward, I saw the hold Rory had over him. Axe, a droid, only wanted a normal life. Just like the replicas down below. Rory promised them that and made it seem like he was good on his word.

So human...

Because manipulation, corruption, was something humans were good at. Their strongest skill was to trick others. Force people into tight situations in order to get what they want?

humans Wasn't that how wars were started? How countries were formed?

With Rory's hand on Axe's chest, stopping his advance, I knew how it would end. Because that type of behavior never had a good outcome. So many failed kingdoms, fallen tyrants...

"Rory." I opened my arms wide, protecting Will. "This needs to stop. I won't say it again."

"You can't stop me." Rory moved away from Axe, allowing him the space to walk. "I've made my decision. I just need it to work."

Need it to work...

Need it to work... As the light faded from Axe's eyes, it looked as though his plan wouldn't. The android took three steps and froze. I could hear the computers in him power down. In less than ten seconds, he was just a piece of metal.

I did break him, didn't I?

"Axe?" Rory moved around him and tugged at his sleeves. "Why aren't you moving?"

No response. No movement.

And then it hit me—Mary had fixed me, hadn't she? She said it. She reconnected my computers after the bullets destroyed my sensors. I was... functioning differently. My systems transmitted data a-whole-nother way.

fixed Meaning... whatever Rory tried to copy and upload... wasn't the right data.

He can't fix this. Axe is broken. A part of me is, too.

He can't fix this. Axe is broken. A part of me is, too. Glancing back, I saw Will shift uncomfortably behind me.

"Axe..." Rory pressed both of his hands against the Android's chest. And pushed. Hard. But once a droid powers down, the weight of our metal frame becomes clear. Rory couldn't move him. Not an inch. "Why aren't you working!"

My eyes focused on Rory's glowing center. It brightened within him, my sensors picking up the peaks of energy. He was distracted, open.

Now's my chance.

Now's my chance. "It doesn't matter, does it..." Rory's hand slid away from Axe just as I moved. When he turned around, I stopped and watched his head dip to one side. He smiled, weak and defeated. "Every android has a piece of me, a copy of me, and needs me to work. Trying to give him you... to make him you , that was the wrong idea, right? Who was I to think I could fix stupid, defective copies? They were put in the basement for a reason... fucking, useless things..."

needs you

Woah...

Woah... His head dropped forward, hands in his hair. His shoulders went up against his ears as he huffed in frustration. I took the chance to look back at Will and nod at him, letting him know now was my chance.

It's easier said than done.

It's easier said than done. "Can't replicate the real thing, huh?" Rory laughed, and I turned back to look at him. His eyes were blue again, dimming, fading. "Javier... do you know why I did all of this? Do you really know?"

I took a step forward.

Because you wanted someone like me...

Because you wanted someone like me... "Because I was thrown away with the trash. I was left to rust and shut down... I just, I just wanted to be important. Be real . The bright lights, the attention, it was all supposed to be mine. But you... you..."

real Rory's hand extended forward, fingers outstretched for me to grab. I knew if I grabbed him, I could pull him towards me. I just needed one opening to destroy that vital piece.

"Javi..." Rory's fingers trembled as lightning flashed across the sky. "I just wanted to be remembered."

I heard the androids bang against the side of the building as I moved forward and grabbed his hand. I didn't pull right away. I let him register the gesture, the kindness, the friendship we had. Seeing the light flicker in his eyes, I had to admit, it hurt for a moment. Because I knew what I had to do.

With a gentle tug, I pulled him towards me. "Rory..." His body hit my chest as he came in close. And I said, "No one forgot you..."

His eyes brightened, bright blue. He smiled.

And I lifted one hand. "We were always here for you."

I pulled my arm back, focusing on the center of his core. It'd take one straight hit to do the damage. And he'd go down—I'd go down. I knew the electrical pulse could take me, too. But I was ready. The Androids were inside the building, I knew it. How long before they'd make it to the roof? And Wendy? Mary? Will? What of them? I had to do this...

Rory's eyes closed. "I didn't know," he whispered.

My hand was over his head. "I know," I said quietly. "And I'm—"

"Let my brother go!"

Rory's eyes snapped open, red with fire. I turned around fast, hearing the rooftop door as it slammed open. Wendy, the little girl who forever had my heart, stood in the pouring rain with an Android-stylus in one hand. Her eyes were dark with anger, not fear, and the pink on her cheeks turned red when she saw Rory move. "Let him go!" she shouted.

No, no, wait.

No, no, wait. "Little brat!" Rory tried to move around me, but I grabbed his arm.

Wait, this isn't happening.

Wait, this isn't happening. I pushed Rory behind me and looked at Will. "Get her out of here!" I struggled to keep Rory at my side. "Hurry!"

Will couldn't. Wendy had already moved. Her small feet rushed towards Rory and me, and she used me as an anchor. I'd always admired her strength, her willpower, but now wasn't the time! Her hands grabbed onto my shirt, the stylus in one hand flailing like mad.

And when I reached down to move her away, my chance was gone. Because Rory had taken it from me.

With one hard push, I was thrown onto the ground with Wendy at my side. My head collided with concrete and I saw nothing but stars. And static. Lights flashed across my eyes.

But I could hear. And Wendy got back up, the sound of her sneakers squeaking in the puddles of rain echoed in my ears. "You're a monster!" she shouted. "You're ruining everything!"

And after that, she screamed. I couldn't tell if it was in pain or fear, but Will's feet moved, too. Hurried, running, stomping steps. I squeezed my eyes shut, tight, and forced them open again, willing my sight to come back.

I saw nothing but numbers.

"You were always in the way!" Rory shouted.

"Let her go, man!" Will screamed.

Let her go. He has her.

Let her go. He has her. I slammed my fists into the floor beneath me. I shook my head.

Come on, you're a machine. Fuckin' work.

Come on, you're a machine. Fuckin' work. When Wendy cried again, I hit my head next. Right in the temple. The stars returned over the static, and in gray-scale, I saw the floor. I saw the raindrops crash down onto their puddles of water. Lifting my head, I saw Rory... throw my sister.

"Shit," I hissed as I pushed off the floor. It was in slow motion. Her body midair, the rain frozen in place. Rory's eyes were red, illuminating the path I needed to go. But I wouldn't go after him; I went for Wendy.

My shoes slid across the rain as I forced myself into a dive against the rooftop. Outstretched arms grabbed Wendy before she could land and she hit my chest instead. Tears were in her eyes when she frantically looked at me. But I held her close. And tight.

Why, Lost Girl?

Why, Lost Girl? "Liar!" Looking up, I thought Rory had called out to us, yelled at it. But it wasn't him.

Will had tumbled back, falling against my leg, as Axe moved from his dormant state. Only one of his eyes was red, bright, while the other was lifeless. His face was pulled back in rage, mouth open wide as he yelled, "Liar!"

Rory turned around just as Axe struck the side of his head.

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





26 || T W E N T Y - S I X





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Scars. Ghost pains. All apart of the human existence."

"Scars. Ghost pains. All apart of the human existence." "Scars. Ghost pains. All apart of the human existence." *

* "Liar, liar!" Axe repeated, over and over. Defective repetition... that had meaning. "Liar!"

I managed to stand and pulled Wendy with me. Will followed closely, running his hands through his hair. Behind us, down inside the halls, I heard rushing feet.

Androids.

Mary?

Mary? Watching Axe push Rory down on the floor, I tapped into my computers. "Communications," I said, my voice trembling.

Wendy grabbed my hand as she looked up at me.

Will pressed himself against the wall beside the door.

Letters appeared over my field of vision, blurry, but there. I watched my contacts flood over the right side and waited until a name that resembled Mary's appeared. "Call Mary Jordan," I said.

"She won't answer." Wendy pressed herself against my legs and gripped my fingers tighter. "She's... using computers."

Computers?

Computers? I looked back towards the center of the roof. Axe had pinned Rory down, knees on his shoulders. He pulled his arms back, forming fists. And continued to say, "Liar! Liar!"

"I'm not a liar!" Rory cried, folding his arms over his face. "I'm not a liar!"

"You're a liar!"

My vision blurred, and the letters vanished. For a second, I heard nothing but Axe's voice repeating in my head. Liar, liar, liar. And then, I saw something else other than what was in front of me. I saw the roof, yes, but before the rainfall. I saw Rory, standing on his own, facing the street down below. His hands were over his head, fingers gently pulling at strands of his hair.

Liar, liar, liar. And with a distant echo, like a ghost not meant to be heard, I swore his image said, " All of my strength was his. I won't accept defeat. I won't go down without a fight. Let him come. Let him get me. Because in the end, I'll win. I'm the only thing that matters. I'm what Bionics wanted all along. Because I'm— "

All of my strength was his. I won't accept defeat. I won't go down without a fight. Let him come. Let him get me. Because in the end, I'll win. I'm the only thing that matters. I'm what Bionics wanted all along. Because I'm— "You're a liar!" Axe pummeled the sides of Rory's face. The scene of the fighting returned, brighter than before, clearer. And it hit me... what I saw right before this, that small glimpse of the past, was Axe's memories. What he saw.

Is he sharing with me?

Is he sharing with me? I stood straight and moved Wendy behind me. "Will," I whispered, glancing at my side. "Take her inside."

"What?" Wendy grabbed my pant leg. "I'm not leaving!"

"You are," I said without looking at her. I kept my eyes on Will, watching him slowly nod. And I spoke to him next, "Take her inside. Just keep her hidden. Find Mary. Get them out of here if you can."



Will reached out to grab my sister, even though she struggled and refused to let go of me. "What about you?" he asked me. "What do I..." His sentence trailed off.

It was obvious, wasn't it? What was happening to Rory would happen to me. Though, I didn't think it would be Axe that'd hit me. I think he was sharing his thoughts, his emotions because on this rooftop, he saw Rory's selfish, deceitful truths.

Regardless of what Rory said... he thought of himself. The victim act was simply that... an act. The replicas around the country were his casualties. All because he... wanted to be seen. And here I thought he wanted to be loved.

an act. Clearly... Rory was more human than I'll ever be.

You win, old friend.

You win, old friend. "Get inside. Get somewhere safe." I looked from Will to Wendy and knelt beside her. Even with the sound of cracking metal and thunderstorms, I could still hear her raging heart. She'd come up here, fully equipped and ready to save her brother—to save me—but in the end, in all of this, it was I who was meant to save her.

"Javi, I—"

"Peter Pan never gives up, never runs away." I touched her cheek and then ruffled her hair, pushing wet strands away from her face. "He takes care of his Lost Boys, every one of them."

I could see the tears well up in her eyes. "But Peter... Peter had Tink and with Tink's pixie dust he—"

"I know." I pulled her into a tight hug. And whispered in her ear, "Mary's my Tinkerbell. Her computers are magic. If you get to her, Wendy, she'll keep you safe. And bring me back."

A cry left her, loud and terrified.

"Because Peter Pan doesn't die. He lives forever. I swear to you."

|||

Peter Pan did live forever. In storybooks. In the heart of children. As Will pulled Wendy back into the building, I accepted it and knew I hadn't lied to her. I told her the truth... about a book character. I wasn't Peter Pan, and the possibility of my return was slim. Probably non-existent. Because I knew, deep down, after all of this was over, Bionics was done. And without Bionics, there'd be no me.

And without me, they'd all be all right.

"I am not a liar!"

I leaned against the door for a minute, watching, waiting. Axe continued his fight with Rory, beating his frustrations into the sides of the taller droid. Blue liquid splattered between the two of them. And I saw exactly what Axe was built to do.

Fight. Kill. Exist.

Data saved.

Data saved. But for what? What good is data I'll never use?

But for what? What good is data I'll never use? "I. Am. Not. A. Liar!" Rory pushed at Axe and pushed hard. My replica flew off of him, crashing into the side of the roof's ledge. He staggered a moment, teetering, fading. Glimpses of Rory standing on his own flashed across my vision. And Axe and I locked eyes.

hard. I'm sorry.

I'm sorry. "Not a liar!" Rory stood, blocking our stare before Axe could share anymore. Though, I didn't think we had to look at each other to continue. Because he was me, and I knew what he wanted me to do. Without words, just electricity, he wanted Rory to pay. Pay for everything. Pay for the droids outside, inside, and I...

I needed Rory to stop.

Just... stop.

"You don't understand. None of you did." Rory kicked Axe's side before bending down to lift him up. "All I did was help you... exist with you. I should've known you would have hindered me... just like I hindered him."

exist I pushed off the wall as Rory dangled Axe over the roof's edge. I watched my replica grab on tight, fear in his eyes. He glanced at Rory before looking at me. And in my head, I heard one thing.

I just wanted to be real.

I just wanted to be real. And as though he were trash... Rory dropped him.

"No!" I couldn't help my scream. Maybe because I had a heart. A soul . And maybe because I knew that these replicas, though without a core to keep them whole, only did what they thought was right. And Axe was more like me than I could give him credit for.

soul Stumbling towards the middle of the roof, I realized that electronic pulse I'd always felt faded; Axe faded. But his passing didn't stop the other droids. I still heard their feet, their hands. I could still see their movement on the floor below through the building's security.

Axe Rory was next to go.

But he didn't turn to look at me. He remained where he was, body hunched, looking over the side of the roof. He muttered quietly to himself, as though he regretted what he'd done. And as I approached him, I knew... I knew that feeling.

That part of us, of all androids, that could feel, could think, but only for the moment. If it's anger, that was the focus; if happiness, that took control. And in that second of fleeting rage, all Rory knew was to kill Axe. End him.

And now, I know he looked down at Axe's broken frame. I could only imagine the blue, the sparks, the damage. And I wondered... how much pain could Rory feel?

And then I reminded myself, in the end, it doesn't matter.

"Javi..." Rory didn't look back at me as I approached him, but he spoke to me. I could see his shoulders tremble with emotion. "Why are we so damaged...?"

I stood directly behind him. Every part of him gave off a signal, one I'd never felt from any droid. There was no name for the emotion he gave off.

I took in a deep breath. "Because we're designed to be human..."

"Oh." Rory lowered his head and sighed. "It's what I always wanted. But why is that so wrong? What did we ever do wrong, Javi..."

I put my arms around him. I needed to give him this last moment of comfort. Of peace. Hell, I needed it, too. When I leaned close enough, my head on his shoulder, I looked down below, at the blue puddle that formed around Axe's body.

"What did we do wrong, Javi?" Rory whispered again. And he looked at me. Turning just his head, his eyes, blue as ever, locked onto mine. "Can you tell me that...?"

I pressed my hands flat against his chest. And pushed. And said, "Exist..."

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





27 || T W E N T Y - S E V E N




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Strength. Courage. Hope. All qualities left behind within Pandora's box."

"Strength. Courage. Hope. All qualities left behind within Pandora's box." "Strength. Courage. Hope. All qualities left behind within Pandora's box." *

* Wind. Falling. Diving. Colliding.

Crash.

Crash. The impact hadn't happened, or maybe it had. Clinging to Rory's trembling body, I squeezed my eyes such and prepared to meet the ground below. But I didn't hear the sound or feel the pain, the surge of energy. Instead, I thought I was flying.

" Peter!"

Peter!" I could hear Wendy, she was crying. But her voice was far. An echo. Rather than turn my head to look back at the roof, I thought of her face. A smile instead. I couldn't help but remember the mornings when she'd jump around my charging dock, just waiting for me to open my eyes.

Like now.

Like now. "Javier! No! Wait!"

"Javier! No! Wait!" Sparks went off under my skin. Burning. Spreading. I heard Mary's voice louder than my sister's, and for a moment, I thought I could feel her. Smell her. See her. But I hadn't opened my eyes to look, to turn, because I thought the ground was just that close.

See "I can't... no, stop! Wait!"

"I can't... no, stop! Wait!" The voices kept coming. Kept screaming. They were blended, broken, like the droids who ran into the building. I heard their feet and distorted sounds as I gripped Rory tighter. Harder. And then... it hit me.

Wendy, Mary, Will... they called for me from the rooftop. They were up there, watching, fearing for me as I continued to fall. That wasn't how I wanted to go out, I thought I was alone. I'd purposely sent Will away with Wendy to keep her from this, to protect her from the inevitable.

My death. My second demise. It was all to save her, save them all... traumatizing her was not what I wanted to do.

second "Mijo!"

"Mijo!" Dad?

Dad? Rory thrashed in my arms, and somehow, our bodies turned. Without opening my eyes, I knew my body was under him. And for a second, I was afraid. Why did I need to make contact first? Why would I shatter before him? But then... I thought about it. I squeezed him harder, fingers digging into his chest because I knew it didn't matter... right? If I fell, if I died, so would he?

"You can't do this to me..."

"You can't do this to me..." That last voice, that whisper... I wasn't sure who it belonged to. As the wind rushed past my ears, I couldn't help but feel like it belonged to no one. None of the voices did. How could I hear them over the rain, over the thunder? Their last calls to me, their cries of despair, that was all in my own head, right?

Because when you die—and I know from experience—you think everything over. In slow motion. On repeat. Everything you've ever done, should've done, could've done. And you regret it. You cry. You scream. But it doesn't matter in the end, because you won't matter, either.



And I... I had that second chance. I had my should've, could've, needed to do's...

And I failed.

Marriage? That failed. Been a better son? Couldn't do that. Should I have tried harder? Well, I did, but it wasn't enough. Until now...

Forcing my body over and around, I forced Rory to face the bottom. I felt him shake, I heard him scream, and then I knew... my time was over. The ground was right there, and we'd hit in in less than seconds.

My thoughts were over, done. I had no time to regret life or android-life. No time to think things over. I could only accept it. And I accepted the fact that my final death would save the world. That removing Rory from existence was a necessity.

It was my one right . And if I could have that, it was all I ever needed.

right And as I hit the ground, I can't help but have one final thought:

Do you know what's the worst part about alive? Being unwanted and a waste. But you know what's worse than that?

Agreeing...

Data corrupted.

Data corrupted. |||

||| Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: May 21st , 2014

Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: May 21st , 2014 Memory loop. Playback saved file. Dated: May 21st , 2014 For the first time in weeks, it stopped raining. The clouds were scarce, yet the few that remained were beautiful, like streaks of white paint across clear, blue skies.

For the first time in weeks, it stopped raining. The clouds were scarce, yet the few that remained were beautiful, like streaks of white paint across clear, blue skies. Sitting on a park bench, I looked up at them. The textbooks in my hands were ignored. My notebook had fallen on the ground and my pen rolled somewhere in the green grass. But I didn't care to look for them, they were replaceable. The sky, though... that fresh air?

Sitting on a park bench, I looked up at them. The textbooks in my hands were ignored. My notebook had fallen on the ground and my pen rolled somewhere in the green grass. But I didn't care to look for them, they were replaceable. The sky, though... that fresh air? I wanted that. Here. Right now.

I wanted that. Here. Right now. "Javier?"

"Javier?" As someone said my name, I didn't look in their direction. My eyes followed the movement of birds, wings effortlessly flapping against the wind. They lifted up, higher, flying with their gifted freedom from the skies.

As someone said my name, I didn't look in their direction. My eyes followed the movement of birds, wings effortlessly flapping against the wind. They lifted up, higher, flying with their gifted freedom from the skies. "Javier, they said I shouldn't be outside, but..."

"Javier, they said I shouldn't be outside, but..." "You're here, Rory." With a quiet sigh, I looked down and directly in front of me. At Rory. At the bot who was the talk of the town. I smiled at him, even though he didn't smile at me. With another sigh, I moved my books off my lap and patted the empty spot on the bench beside me. "It doesn't matter what the others say, you know. You're here and that's what matters."

"You're here, Rory." With a quiet sigh, I looked down and directly in front of me. At Rory. At the bot who was the talk of the town. I smiled at him, even though he didn't smile at me. With another sigh, I moved my books off my lap and patted the empty spot on the bench beside me. "It doesn't matter what the others say, you know. You're here and that's what matters." Rory almost hesitated to sit with me. But he did. He kept his hands on his lap, fidgeting nervously. "Yeah, but should I really be here?" he asked, slowly lifting his head. "I've gotten how many upgrades in the past few months? And each one comes with stipulations, with boundaries. How long will it be until I'm confined to a room like... the others?"

Rory almost hesitated to sit with me. But he did. He kept his hands on his lap, fidgeting nervously. "Yeah, but should I really be here?" he asked, slowly lifting his head. "I've gotten how many upgrades in the past few months? And each one comes with stipulations, with boundaries. How long will it be until I'm confined to a room like... the others?" "Others?" I pinched my brow together, confused. But I couldn't let him see that. Rory may not have understood it, but he was so human, it was wrong and right at the same time. I couldn't just let him feel neglected. That'd be worse. "I think they're looking out for your best interests," I said.

"Others?" I pinched my brow together, confused. But I couldn't let him see that. Rory may not have understood it, but he was so human, it was wrong and right at the same time. I couldn't just let him feel neglected. That'd be worse. "I think they're looking out for your best interests," I said. "My interests? I doubt it." Rory looked up at the sky. "I can hear how they talk about me. It's changing. I feel like I'm becoming more of a curse rather than a gift."

"My interests? I doubt it." Rory looked up at the sky. "I can hear how they talk about me. It's changing. I feel like I'm becoming more of a curse rather than a gift." "Now... that? I doubt it." I laughed quietly and bumped his shoulder. "Welcome to the human life, my friend."

"Now... that? I doubt it." I laughed quietly and bumped his shoulder. "Welcome to the human life, my friend." "Human life?" I could see Rory's eyes narrow as he watched the next set of birds fly by. "Is it really this hard?"

"Human life?" I could see Rory's eyes narrow as he watched the next set of birds fly by. "Is it really this hard?" "It is," I said to him and wrapped my arm around his shoulder. With a gentle shake, I tried to get him to smile. "It comes with the territory. Fighting for your space in society. Hoping others see you. It's really hard, and maybe because I've had years of experience in this—" I patted my hand against my chest. "—flesh, but when I tell you it gets better, I mean it."

"It is," I said to him and wrapped my arm around his shoulder. With a gentle shake, I tried to get him to smile. "It comes with the territory. Fighting for your space in society. Hoping others see you. It's really hard, and maybe because I've had years of experience in this—" I patted my hand against my chest. "—flesh, but when I tell you it gets better, I mean it." Finally, Rory looked at me. "Really?" he asked.

Finally, Rory looked at me. "Really?" he asked. I nodded. "Yup, just hold on."

I nodded. "Yup, just hold on." A small smile lifted his lips. "How hard do I need to hold on?"

A small smile lifted his lips. "How hard do I need to hold on?" "Mmm..." I pressed my lips out, pretending to think hard about it. But it wasn't a difficult answer. Life was interesting, but in the end, simple. And you just had to make the right decisions to make the most of it. Did it work out the way you wanted to every time? Nah. Would I tell him that? No. In a way, I thought it'd be better if he learned on his own.

"Mmm..." I pressed my lips out, pretending to think hard about it. But it wasn't a difficult answer. Life was interesting, but in the end, simple. And you just had to make the right decisions to make the most of it. Did it work out the way you wanted to every time? Nah. Would I tell him that? No. In a way, I thought it'd be better if he learned on his own. "Or should I freefall?" Rory laughed, looking back up at the sky. "End up as high as the birds and then just... collide with the Earth?"

"Or should I freefall?" Rory laughed, looking back up at the sky. "End up as high as the birds and then just... collide with the Earth?" My brows shot up. "You know, that's a good way to look at it," I said, honestly. "Thinking of human life as one long freefall. Just hope... the collision doesn't hurt too bad."

My brows shot up. "You know, that's a good way to look at it," I said, honestly. "Thinking of human life as one long freefall. Just hope... the collision doesn't hurt too bad." "Yeah..." Rory leaned back on the bench, and so did I. "The impact is probably the worst. But if you're making it, that means I can, too, right?"

"Yeah..." Rory leaned back on the bench, and so did I. "The impact is probably the worst. But if you're making it, that means I can, too, right?" Catching the sight of another bird, I watched it spin, almost dancing with the wind. The sight alone made me smile. "We'll all make it in the end."

Catching the sight of another bird, I watched it spin, almost dancing with the wind. The sight alone made me smile. "We'll all make it in the end." *



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





28 || T W E N T Y - E I G H T




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Rebirth."

"Rebirth." "Rebirth." *

* * ... Systems. Check.

... Systems. Check. ... Error. Classified.

... Error. Classified. ... Data. Reload.

... Data. Reload. "Can you save him? Can you restore him to what he was?"

... Error. Error.

... Error. Error. ... File classified.

... File classified. "We can but it'll cost you everything..."

... Systems. Reboot.

... Systems. Reboot. ... Reload. Reload.

... Reload. Reload. "Just save my brother! Bring him back!"

... Analyzing. Failure.

... Analyzing. Failure. "Peter Pan isn't supposed to die!"

... Data storage. Reboot.

... Data storage. Reboot. "Mija, but he—"

"No, no, no! He can't die!"

... Rebooting.

... Rebooting. "Miss Jordan, if we recreate him, there will be no chance of recovery. If his body fails, if his systems crash, it'll be just like a human death. You will all need to accept the loss and move on."

... Error. Error.

... Error. Error. ... Searching.

... Searching. "Just do it. And hold me liable. I don't care. I messed up. And I need to fix it..."

... Searching. Searching.

... Searching. Searching. ... Data analyzing.

... Data analyzing. "He gave up everything... I need to do the same."

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





29 || T W E N T Y - N I N E




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Life's just one long freefall."

"Life's just one long freefall." "Life's just one long freefall." *

* Contrary to popular belief, Governments clean up... really slow. I wasn't sure how long it took for the agents assigned to the Bionics mess, but I knew I opened my eyes again months, months later. There was a man assigned to me, to watch me, as though I'd been sleeping through a re-upload. And it made sense, because... even though I was asleep, I knew . I heard. I saw.

really slow. months knew saw. Bionics messed up. Linking every android to a single processing system-a system they knowingly perfected, then regretted-was the worse thing they could do. And the replicas, copied and discarded, did what any pained "human" would do.

They reacted on impulse. They believed in false information. And they attacked, killed, to get what they thought they wanted.

thought I guess, in the end, they got their wish. They were... human.

human. As for me, I got mine, I guess. A martyr. A savior. It wasn't what I was looking for, but when I opened my eyes and found myself laying in my old bedroom, I knew it wasn't right. Sure, the tall agent with the movie-style Bluetooth in his ear was a dead give away. But I wasn't in a lab, I wasn't connected to computers.

In a way... I was human, too.

human, But in truth, I was also the only droid in existence.

Mary gave up everything to make sure I was recreated, rebooted, and it wasn't just for her. It was for Wendy, for my parents. They needed me more than she did, and I guess... I was thankful.

Because the morning I awoke to the sounds of a young girl's laughter and the news recalling events on the living room television, I knew I had just another chance. Even if it was my last. But I knew I'd make the most of it.

|||

||| " It's been seven months since the Bionics failure to control their defective Androids-"

It's been seven months since the Bionics failure to control their defective Androids-" "Peter!" Wendy ran into my arms as I tried to sit and watch the news at the kitchen table. My father had purchased a small TV on clearance and declared it his best spontaneous purchase.

I couldn't help but agree.

Still, with Wendy clinging to the sides of my shirt, I couldn't pay attention. I turned away from it as the reporter on the screen continued, " The Jordans are still paying for their actions. Sources say the costs are reaching billions. And of course, neither of Jordans are found for comment."

The Jordans are still paying for their actions. Sources say the costs are reaching billions. And of course, neither of Jordans are found for comment." "Everything all right, Lost Girl?" I kneeled down beside my sister so we were eye level. She giggled and jumped, hands on my shoulders. "What can I help you with?" I asked.

"Um, really?" Wendy blinked.

Happy. Energetic. Secretive.

Happy. Energetic. Secretive. I squinted, but couldn't hide my grin. This was an everyday thing. Before school, after school, Wendy would run to me and just demand my attention. Who was I not to give it to her?



" The location of the defective, broken droids are kept tightly under wraps. Those of you who had your Android picked up for disposal are asked to call the number listed below for instructions. You will be compensated for your loss."

The location of the defective, broken droids are kept tightly under wraps. Those of you who had your Android picked up for disposal are asked to call the number listed below for instructions. You will be compensated for your loss." "What's up, kid?" I laughed, ruffling the top of Wendy's head. "Did I mess up with breakfast again?"

"Oh, no, no." Wendy scrunched her nose. "The bacon's a little burnt, but that's not your fault. It's the new body." Her finger tapped my chest repeatedly. "It isn't used to the human-life stuff, yet."

I grabbed her finger and pressed it gently against my forehead. She continued to poke for a minute before letting her fingertip slide down my nose. I smiled. "Well, you'd think I'd be used to this human-life stuff, regardless. It's kind of... what I do."

human-life "Well..." Wendy's hand slid down my chest before she moved away from me with a single bunny-hop. "I think you've got the superhero, magic dust thing down better." She nodded. "You're a better Peter Pan than your average man."

If anyone ever needed a cheerleader, Wendy was their girl. Only, this time, I was allowed to be a little selfish and kept her for myself. She cheered me on every day, every minute, without meaning to. Just a great little sister to a big brother.

"And you're a good Lost Girl," I said, cupping my hand over my mouth so only she'd hear. "Great at keeping secrets."

"Well..." Wendy cringed, mouth pulled back in a painful frown. Then, a sparkle appeared in her green eyes as she looked at me innocently, but... a fake innocence. She giggled right after and kicked her feet. "I'm actually pretty bad at secrets."

fake Puffing air out my nose, I shook my head and snickered. "All right, Tink, spill it," I said. "I'm watching the news."

"The news is so boring!" Wendy moved forward and pushed me until I stood back up.

It isn't boring. Its vital information.

It isn't boring. Its vital information. "What's in the living room, that's so much better!" Her small hands pressed into my back as I stumbled out the room. "And it's a lot nicer than the news!"

that's " In other news-"

In other news-" I took three steps into the living room and stopped. Everything stopped. Computers, sensors, every chip connected to my core. I was frozen in the archway of our kitchen, staring into the sunlight that flooded the living room and brightened the space around... her.

Mary Jordan.

Mary Jordan. She stood near the front couches, an android kit in her hands. She didn't look at me. She looked out the window, at the couches, and then at Wendy because she scurried over to her with a giddy smile on her face. Her small hands grabbed Mary's hands before looking over at me. "So much nicer. And I think you need a check-up."

"A check-up?" I tried to focus on the news report on the TV behind me, but I couldn't. "I... there's nothing wrong with me, Wendy."

"Oh?" Wendy blinked at me before looking at Mary. "He burnt the bacon today."

"Bacon?" Mary looked down at my little sister with a small smile. "I think that's ground for a full body analysis."

Full body analysis?

Mary lifted her head, giving me a good look at her dark brown eyes and perfect face. For the first time in a long time, I felt those fireworks under my skin. The sensors in my computers reacted to every bit of her, every curve of her. I hadn't seen her in so long... I hadn't since...

"Well, go on and scan him, then." Wendy hurried and moved behind me, purposely pushing me until I stood right in front of Mary. When we were practically chest to chest, Wendy stepped back and giggled. "I'll just be in the kitchen trying to save what's left of my breakfast..."

And at the same time, Mary and I managed to say, "Y-Yeah..."

|||

||| Mary Jordan.

Mary Jordan. My highschool sweetheart.

My highschool sweetheart. My wife.

My wife. She stood in front of me, unboxing her android-kit like she actually meant to use it, but I saw right through her. She'd been in hiding with her parents, avoiding the public, the media, and yet... she was here, in my parents' house, with me, like when we were teens back in high school.

But I couldn't just let her pretend. Before she could even pull out the stylus and have me sit on the couch, I grabbed her hand. I made her look at me. "You're... here," I said.

She blinked, her curls falling over a part of her face. "I am," she said.

"But... why?" I moved back, keeping a foot of space between us. "I was made. I'm here with my family. It's all done and over with."

"Not for me." Mary pushed the tool back into the kit and looked back at me, hands at her side. "I lost everything when this happened-"

Rubbing my temples, I closed my eyes.

"-I lost my parents, I lost Rory, I lost..." As she spoke, I didn't expect her to touch me, to put her hands on my chest. But she did. When I opened my eyes, I found myself looking down, right into hers. "I almost lost you, and for what?"

I frowned, unsure of how to answer.

"I know I was selfish and close-minded. I put everything before you and them. And because of it, I've got no one left. And I... I..."

them. "Mar." Lifting one hand, I touched her chin.

"I made sure they used all the components I had left to make you and recreate you the way it was done when I first put in the commission. I know I've made my mistakes, Javi, but there was one thing that you had-have-that the other Androids didn't."

"What?" I pulled my lip up between my teeth. "What's that?"

"A heart." She moved closer, her hands gripping the edge of my shirt. "A soul. Your programming went beyond the human code and specs. It was just... real. Unnatural."

With her so close, my computers were able to pick up on her emotions. Nervous. Anxious. Fearful. And yet, in the midst of negativity, I saw love, ache, need. Glancing over the range of emotions, my gaze settled on the data that appeared over her head. Her name.

Her actual name.

actual Mary Morales.

Mary Morales. I lifted her chin and looked right into her eyes. "Mar... is anything natural."

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





30 || H U M A N . C O D E




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Music. Chatter. Happiness.

The sounds of my large, eccentric family swam through the air as moonlight draped over the neat, freshly cut backyard of my parents' house. Candles and torches lit around tables to keep the bugs away. But the flames couldn't keep them at bay with all the food on display. They returned, full force, and with friends.

That's what parties were for, right? Bringing everyone together, in joy, in endless cheer. And on my parents' thirty-fifth anniversary, even the insects found a place to be welcomed. My mother and father didn't pay them any mind as they danced to the sounds of old school salsa. My aunts and uncles drank and laughed, wishing them good health and long lives.

Even me. They wished me, the android son that beat death not once, but twice, a long, fruitful life. Not once did they bring up the fact that I hadn't aged, hadn't changed; forever frozen in my mid-twenties like a Twilight Zone movie.

me, And I... relished in the warmth. In the sound.

Taking Wendy's small hands in mine, we danced. I taught her the easy Bachata steps and grinned as she giggled, happily bobbing away to the sounds of an expertly played requinto guitar. I turned her, I guided her, until she stopped and covered her mouth to hide her small squeals.

requinto "Mary's here!" she said into her palm and bounced. "Peter, she's here!"

"She is...?" I looked up and across the yard. Past my many family members, past the tables with their green and blue ribbons, was indeed Mary.

I know we'd forgiven each other and tried to make it work, but honestly... I hadn't thought she'd come by tonight. With all the press and negativity her family went against, I thought... she'd go back into hiding. Even if just for a little while.

But no, she didn't. With a large smile on her face, one that matched the beauty of her red dress, she crossed the green grass. Under the moonlight, she looked angelic. Pure. And every type of firework created by man went off under my skin.

"Little Lost Girl," Mary said, looking down at Wendy once she stood in front of us, "is it all right if I steal Javi for just one dance?"

"Just one?" Wendy scoffed and rolled her eyes. With a small turn, she looked at me in disbelief. "I don't know what you're doing here, Peter, but I think she needs more than one dance."

one "I, uh—" For a second, I was stuck. I hadn't been the one to offer a dance. Of course, I would, but Mary had beat me to it.

Catching my awkward expression, Wendy leaned in. "It's okay," she whispered, tugging at the bottom of my black tee. "I'll get her surprise ready. Be back pixie dust fast, okay?"

"Okay?" I stretched my mouth back as I grimaced because... Wendy wasn't good at secrets. And maybe I was wrong for filling her in on it, but come on, she was my kid sister, I sort of... had to.



But as she ran off and into the house, Mary stood in front of me, batting her brown eyes. "A surprise?" she asked.

I laughed, scratching the side of my head. "Oh, you know kids." I took a step towards her, closing the gap between us. "They're... well, everything to them is a surprise."

"Oh." Mary laughed, too, and shook her head. "Well, maybe me coming here was a surprise, but I couldn't miss your parents' anniversary."

I shrugged innocently and watched as she looked over my shoulder, stepping on the tips of her toes. "You could've called them, I'm sure they'd been okay with it," I said.

"No, no, that wouldn't be good enough," Mary said, dropping back down on her feet. "What kind of daughter-in-law would I be if I just called?"

Opening my mouth, I was ready to respond... but realized I couldn't. I had nothing to say but smiles. Lifting my hand to hold her chin between my fingers, I never thought I'd hear her openly admit it to the world. Our love, our relationship, was no longer a secret. And it only took an android onslaught to bring it out in the open.

Ironic. And a little sad.

Ironic. And a little sad. "I didn't think you'd be here," I said quietly, looking down into her eyes. I watched them sparkle with the reflection from stars above us. "But I'm happy you are."

"I wouldn't miss this day, Javier." Mary smiled. "I couldn't."

I'm more than just a machine.

I'm more than just a machine. I moved my hand across the side of her face, up into her loose curls. My fingers were tangled in their length. And I savored the smooth strands of hair, deliciously smelling like mangoes and shea butter.

And this is how you remind me just that. That I'm human. And I matter.

And this is how you remind me just that. That I'm human. And I matter. "Peter!" Wendy called my name as she ran back out into the yard. In her small hands was a flash drive, one she held tight. And over her head. The string attached to its end dangled over her face as she hurried back towards us. "I have the surprise!"

the Closing my eyes, I laughed and pressed my forehead down onto Mary's.

"A surprise?" I could feel Mary look back. "On a flash drive?"

"Yeah." I opened one eye as I chuckled. "A flash drive."

"Oh." Mary pulled away from me as Wendy came to our side. She ducked down to eye level with my sister and held her hands out in front of her to receive the prize. "You know, I thought we said no more computers."

"I know..." I gave Wendy my ' really?' look as I tried to shoo her away. "But I think this will be worth it..."

really?' Wendy didn't leave—of course, she wouldn't. She grabbed hold of Mary's leg and grinned deviously as Mary stood back up and looked at me. "Javi, I think after everything that's happened, I think we need to stay far away from computers for a little while."

I frowned and looked down at my feet.

"All computers... but you," she added after, placing her hands on my chest.

Lifting just my eyes, I looked at her. I gave her an innocent, apologetic smile. "I think you should follow little Wendy inside," I said, nodding back towards the house. "Just take a quick look and then... maybe, if you don't want it, we can delete it."

Mary pursed her lips and folded her arms in front of her.

"Lost Girl—" I looked down at Wendy with a big smile. "—can you show her how the drive works? I think she needs a little help."

"Duh!" Wendy practically cheered and grabbed Mary's hand, pulling her back towards the house before she could protest.

And Mary, waving the flash drive at me, tried to look disapprovingly at me with that big smile on her face. "We're going to delete it," she said as she reached the back porch. "I mean it!"

"Yeah, yeah, yeah!" I wiggled my fingers over my head until they were gone. And once I lost sight of them, I focused back on the sounds of my family. The laughter. The friendly chatter.

And bit my lip.

"Communications intercepted," my computers said, letters appearing over my eyes. "Incoming message. Encrypted. Opening file."

"Communications intercepted," "Incoming message. Encrypted. Opening file." Lifting my head, I looked up at the moon just as clouds swam over it. Even at night, the sky was a beautiful scene. A masterpiece sculpted together with colors that had no real names.

" Message reads—will I be deleted again? Will she accept me one more time?"

Message reads—will I be deleted again? Will she accept me one more time?" A star moved slowly in one direction and I couldn't tell if it was really a plane or something else. But as I read the words that appeared against the deep, navy sky, I smiled and shook my head. "You're good. You won't be deleted. I've fixed that."

" Communications closed. Next message received in error. Retry?"

Communications closed. Next message received in error. Retry?" It's fine. I'll fix that, too.

It's fine. I'll fix that, too. A hand fell on my shoulder. Turning, I looked back to follow the arm until I saw my dad's face. His curiosity came off of him in waves. "Mijo, who were you talking to?"

Closing one eye, I shrugged, and laughed, because I couldn't answer him. Not truthfully. "The sky, I guess."

"Oh?" My dad lifted his brows high. "Well, I'll be over here with a cerveza, so come say hi to your tío Victor when you're ready."

cerveza, "Sure thing, Dad," I said as he turned.

Rather than follow, I looked back up at the sky and opened my communications once more. This time, I requested my commands internally:

Open Rory.exe file. Respond, "She'll forgive you in time. Just like I did."

Open Rory.exe file. Respond, "She'll forgive you in time. Just like I did." I waited a minute and another. The song from our speakers changed, a little softer, sadder even. And then my computers chirped, a small sound that echoed in my ears.

" Communications received. Encrypted data. Message reads—to err is human; to forgive, divine."

Communications received. Encrypted data. Message reads—to err is human; to forgive, divine." Pressing my hands into my front pockets, I finally turned towards the direction of my father, my family. Behind me, I heard Mary excitedly scream. And me, I couldn't help but smile. "Exactly, Ror. I'll see you soon."

*



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. [A/N: FIN! <3 If you made it to the end -- right here -- I thank you a million times! This story has gone through so much but I enjoyed the roller coaster every step and edit of the way. If you enjoyed it, please let me know <3 As I said in the beginning, I'd love to know what went through your head while reading :) Good thoughts? Confused thoughts? Errr thoughts? <3 I appreciate the feedback! Again, as always, thank you for reading!]

[A/N: FIN! <3 If you made it to the end -- right here -- I thank you a million times! This story has gone through so much but I enjoyed the roller coaster every step and edit of the way. If you enjoyed it, please let me know <3 As I said in the beginning, I'd love to know what went through your head while reading :) Good thoughts? Confused thoughts? Errr thoughts? <3 I appreciate the feedback! Again, as always, thank you for reading!]





× Author's Note ×




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Thank you for everyone who came through and read my story! I'm honored to have won a Watty. Am forever grateful for it. I tried year after year and never thought I'd make it. But in 2020, it happened. I never would've thought that the story I struggled to write during NaNoWriMo 2019 would make it! <3

If you're here, you are more than welcome to leave your thoughts about my story! I love to hear them. Or if you have questions, let me know! <3

I also wanted to say, since you've made it this far, what I feel the story ended up being. When I originally wrote it, I was aiming for an Android Apocalypse. But no matter what I did, how much I changed, it didn't feel right.

So I stuck with the deeper meaning. What makes us human? Is it love? Need? Desire for power and control? Or is it all the mistakes we make in our lives? So, in my story, I give you three androids:

What makes us human? An android who still receives love.

An android who never experienced love.

And an android who had love, but then had it taken away.

Each has experiences that make them human, in their own way. Which has the true Human Code?

make true |||



(below original posts from 2019/2020)

|||



(below original posts from 2019/2020) ☆



☆

Happy Nanowrimo!

It's that time of year again.



It's that time of year again. I'd love to say that I'm excited this year, but what I feel is BEYOND that. Been screaming into the Heaven's for months about this. And finally, I can start to write! (Well, write soon, as... you know... there's still roughly two weeks until Nano).

This year, like last, I'll be starting a science fiction project for NaNoWriMo. Androids/Cyborgs will be the topic of my story. This is also set in the near future. The entire idea for the project came from a dream I had at the beginning of this year. In it, I was watching TV and a commercial came on, advertising Androids created in the likeness of your dead loved ones. And that's exactly what the bots were called--loved ones. I guess even in my dreams I can't name things, ha!

science fiction Anyway, I woke up surrounded in plot bunnies, and have been nourishing them since. And now, with Nano right here, I'm so excited to finally put down all of the ideas into story form <3.

Oh, and remember, THIS IS MINE. NO STEALING, COPYING, AND ALL THAT JAZZ. B)

THIS IS MINE. NO STEALING, COPYING, AND ALL THAT JAZZ. B) And please, enjoy <3

© Vee Lozada

© Vee Lozada |||

[DRAFT COMPLETED: 11/29/2019]



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Please note -- if you are reading this story on any other platform other than Wattpad you are very likely to be at risk of a malware attack. If you wish to read this story in its original, safe form please go to wattpad.com/user/LittleVee

Please note -- if you are reading this story on any other platform other than Wattpad you are very likely to be at risk of a malware attack. If you wish to read this story in its original, safe form please go to wattpad.com/user/LittleVee Thank you.

Thank you.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





× Characters + Aesthetics ×




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Javier Morales





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

--



Wendy Carter Morales



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. --

Mary Jordan



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

--



Story Aesthetics



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





× Playlist ×




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Here are the songs I put together to listen to while I write.



"Machines" ☆ Crown The Empire

( This is the main song for my WIP)



( This is the main song for my WIP) --



"Cry Little Sister" (cover) ☆ Marilyn Manson



"I Refuse" ☆ Five Finger Death Punch

--



"My Name Is Human" ☆

Highly Suspect





"What's it like?" ☆ You Me At Six

--



"Stuck In Your Head" ☆ I Prevail

--



"Snuff" ☆ Slipknot

--



"Props & Mayhem" ☆ Pierce The Veil

--



"Can You Feel My Heart" ☆

Bring Me The Horizon



--



"Would You Still Be There" ☆

Of Mice And Men



--



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





