Introduction


Title: Inspector Rames

Copyright by: MorganMollyHunter

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/209889496-inspector-rames

Synopsis: Four murder mysteries. One epic romance. England, 2185. Detective Inspector Amber Rames is investigating murders in the futuristic city of Socrico. She loves her job, has a cat for company, and if in doubt can always turn to chocolate. The only thing she's missing is a kick-ass partner. When a marriage of step-siblings ends in slaughter, Amber is given the investigation -- and a new sergeant. Tall, dark, and a technological saviour, Alex O'Sullivan stirs feelings in her that she should ignore. Having a relationship with a subordinate is illegal. If she falls in love, she'll be sentenced for life. But as they work closely over several cases, boundaries start to blur... COMPLETE | ☆ WATTY AWARD WINNER 2020 ☆ (MYSTERY/THRILLER)





Inspector Rames


Introduction

Chapters Foreword

PART I

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

PART II

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Chapter 24

Chapter 25

Chapter 26

Chapter 27

Chapter 28

Chapter 29

Chapter 30

Chapter 31

Chapter 32

Chapter 33

PART III

Chapter 34

Chapter 35

Chapter 36

Chapter 37

Chapter 38

Chapter 39

Chapter 40

Chapter 41

Chapter 42

Chapter 43

Chapter 44

Chapter 45

Chapter 46

Chapter 47

Chapter 48

Chapter 49

Chapter 50

Chapter 51

PART IV

Chapter 52

Chapter 53

Chapter 54

Chapter 55

Chapter 56

Chapter 57

Chapter 58

Chapter 59

Chapter 60

Chapter 61

Chapter 62

Chapter 63

Chapter 64

Chapter 65

Chapter 66

Epilogue

Afterword (What Next?)





Foreword




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Dear reader,

Dear reader, Thank you for picking up Inspector Rames.

Thank you for picking up Inspector Rames. If you read on, you'll experience four murder investigations in the 22nd century, but I wanted to say hello first. If you prefer to be a silent reader, you don't need to say hello back.

If you read on, you'll experience four murder investigations in the 22nd century, but I wanted to say hello first. If you prefer to be a silent reader, you don't need to say hello back. If you like being chatty, please feel free to comment throughout the story. I love talking with my readers, so whether you want to tell me what you like, suggest what you think I could improve, or just say 'LOL!' then go ahead.

If you like being chatty, please feel free to comment throughout the story. I love talking with my readers, so whether you want to tell me what you like, suggest what you think I could improve, or just say 'LOL!' then go ahead. This story is complete. Happy reading!

This story is complete. complete. Happy reading! (Finally, thank you for all your support so far -- I'm chuffed that Inspector Rames has won in the Mystery/Thriller category of the Watty Awards 2020!)

(Finally, thank you for all your support so far -- I'm chuffed that Inspector Rames has won in the Mystery/Thriller category of the Watty Awards 2020!) (What's "chuffed "? It's a British word that means very pleased. You'll find lots of words like that throughout the story.)

(What's "chuffed "? It's a British word that means very pleased. You'll find lots of words like that throughout the story.) Love,

Love, Morgan xxx

Morgan xxx ***

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual places, incidents, or persons (living or dead) is coincidental.

Text copyright © Morgan Hunter 2020

Text copyright © Morgan Hunter 2020 No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without the permission of the author.

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without the permission of the author. Due to their fictional and futuristic nature, the stories within this book are not always representative of real British policing. In addition, the contents of this book do not necessarily promote the author's own opinions.

Thank you for respecting the author's work.





PART I


26 December 2185

26 December 2185 26 December 2185 He'd betrayed her.

He'd betrayed her. Zoe Ackerman ran from the glass skyscrapers, tears blurring her vision. Behind her, no lights shone in the grand duplex, but the privacy glass meant that they never did. Despite appearances, she knew everyone was still in there, merry on the aftertaste of Christmas.

A tram stopped at the end of the road, sleek steel glistening in the darkness. She reached the doors just before they closed and entered a cluster of commuters rich and poor, young and old, strong and weak. Trams were the only intercity transport for them all, and she hated it.

And how Ryker had laughed at her for that; mocked her wish for twenty-first century sports cars and segregation. What are you doing with a man like me, then?

What are you doing with a man like me, then? I don't know , she'd always said.

I don't know But she'd always known.

The tram took her away from the neighbourhoods that were home, passing instead through the city centre of thumping music and gaudy neon shop lights, where party girls wore morphing tattoos and grinders sought out illegal cybernetics. She'd never liked the heart of the city either, but strangely, she liked downtown.

Ryker's part of downtown, anyway.

Eyebrows rose when she got off at the shadowed stop on Terra Road. Her face had already been recognised. She told herself that she didn't care what the journalists said, and yet she stood still until the tram had gone.

Tears came again as she crossed the rails towards the workshop. She shouldn't have come, but she knew Ryker would understand. He'd always understood.

Perhaps they could go back in time. Here, she would be in rags, not riches, and she'd forget to mind. If Ryker was working late now as he had done then, they would drink whisky and smoke real cigarettes. Afterwards, they would come out to the shadows and take a turn through the darkness like it was a garden.

She didn't see the next tram until its headlights were almost blinding her. Screaming, she threw herself off the rails, tripping into the alley by the workshop. Her palms landed on damp concrete, almost hitting an old hypodermic needle.

The tram raced past, stirring up a flutter of rubbish and then leaving her alone again. She stood on shaking legs, her heart thundering in her chest. But when the tram had faded into the shadows completely, her breathing eased.

Brushing away her tears, she extended her stride towards the workshop --

-- and was pulled back. A hand knotted in her hair. Her head tilted up, and she felt a tingle across her neck. Then something warm and wet gushed down it.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 1


27 December 2185



27 December 2185 27 December 2185

Murder.

It's the reason I know the people I do. It's the reason I work. My life revolves around murder.

Murder was what had me on a train at five o'clock in the morning a few days after Christmas, straining to see the faces of the other passengers. No seatbelts were allowed off until the train had finished accelerating to four hundred miles per hour, and we were currently standing dead still at the station.

"Can you see him yet?" Sebastian asked.

"No." I turned my face away from the aisle, checking my hair was covering the earpiece. "I can't see anyone from here."

"Stand up, then."

"Do you want me to die?"

The train's engine finally rumbled to life, and the doors slid shut. The safety announcements began. I stared out the window, and darkness stared back at me.

"He might be armed," Sebastian warned.

"I know. You shouldn't have sent me."

The train lurched forward.

Trains tended to crawl for a few seconds, lulling their passengers into a false sense of security, before suddenly taking off at the maximum level of acceleration possible without killing everyone. They also climbed upwards at the same time. Someone's child started screaming.

Once the train had levelled off and was passing over the city at a steady four hundred miles per hour, the seatbelts unclipped. I stood up and stared down the carriage. All the seats were turned away from me.

I strolled down the aisle in the direction of the bathroom, glancing behind me as I stepped inside. When the automatic door had slid shut, I murmured, "Found him again."

It wasn't luck that I was in the same carriage as the suspect. I'd identified him on the platform using my ilenz, and when the train had pulled in before I could make the arrest, I'd followed him on board. If he thought he'd managed to get away from Socrico safely, he was wrong.

I flushed the toilet, ran the tap, and pressed the button to open the sliding door again. Sticking my hands in my pockets, I left the bathroom and sat down beside the man I was going to arrest.

He looked up from his tabphone, wondering where I'd come from and why I'd taken up the seat. Five o'clock in the morning two days after Christmas was not a popular time to be travelling, and half the carriage was empty.

I watched him from the corner of my eye until he'd returned his attention to his tabphone. Then I said, "Nick Jones, you're under arrest on suspicion of murder."

Trains are not the easiest places to detain someone.

His tabphone came at me so fast that I didn't understand what was happening until it hit me in the face. The force of his punch knocked me out my seat, and he stepped over me while I was still seeing stars.

I hooked my foot around his ankle just as he cleared me, tripping him. The carriage shook as he crashed down, and heads turned in our direction. Rolling to my feet, I tackled him as he tried to get up, then struggled to restrain him as he thrashed, kicked, and spat in the aisle.

Three minutes later, I'd finally got the handcuffs on, and the carriage was empty. Thank you so much for your help, chivalrous gentlemen of the general public.

Thank you so much for your help, chivalrous gentlemen of the general public. "Bloody hell," I said into my earpiece.

"That sounded like fun."

"It wasn't. Why didn't you just send a couple of PRBs with metal fucking faces?"



"You're all right, aren't you?" A hint of seriousness crept into Sebastian's jovial tone.

"I am now . I would have appreciated a partner, though."

now "He's a serial runner, and he knows my face. He doesn't know yours."

"The two of us don't make up the entire police force."

"Everyone else was busy. Besides, I couldn't let you sit around on your backside during the final hours of your holiday." There was a grin in his voice. "Merry Christmas, Amber."

***

I had to strap myself and my resisting suspect back into our seats when we approached the next station, then march him off the train and onto a different one that would take us to Socrico again. Half an hour later, we finally arrived back where we'd started.

Detective Inspector Sebastian Flynn was waiting on the platform for us, accompanied by two PRBs -- police robots. They stood on either side of him, black bulletproof exteriors gleaming beneath the station lights and metal fingers clenched around rifles. They had been designed harshly, all sharp edges and cold features, and they watched us with bright blue eyes like possessed creatures from hell.

Sebastian was an angel in comparison: tall, blond, blue-eyed, and wearing a winning smile that made his female conquests go weak at the knees. But there was enough kindness in his expression to cancel out any arrogance. I hadn't really been on that train alone. He'd been listening, monitoring, waiting -- and ready to do anything if I'd got into real trouble.

"Merry fucking Christmas," I said as I handed Nick Jones over.

"Thank you," Sebastian drawled. "A murderer. It's what I've always wanted."

"I'm glad I was able to grant your wish."

"Thank you," he said again, seriously this time. His gaze trailed over my red cheek. "I owe you one. Go home and get some sleep before you have to be back at the station."

The PRBs led Nick Jones away, and we followed them, branching apart when we hit the street. It had started to rain, and I hesitated under the glass overhang of the train station, wishing I had an umbrella. Or a hood.

Bracing myself, I stepped out and turned in the direction of my flat. The rain beat a rhythm against glass roofs and gurgled in the gutters. Someone clattered over the metal walkways above me, and above them, another train whooshed over the city.

whooshed Skyscrapers lined the road ahead, intimidating silhouettes in the dark. I glanced back at the train station. A shallow flight of steps led to the entrance, and a handful of travellers -- each alone -- were spilling down them. One was young and slim, blonde curls shining under the neon signs. She looked like the girl whose murder inquiry Sebastian was trying to close.

I'd seen the pictures of the body, and although there always had been pictures and there always would be pictures, my stomach tightened. I turned back.

And slammed into something.

Stumbling, I lost my balance and landed arse-first in a puddle. Grimy rainwater seeped through my jeans as I looked up at the person I'd collided with. The shadows hid their features, but they were tall, dressed in black from head to foot, and leaning closer.

"Put one hand on me," I said, "and I'll rearrange your face."

Except I could see his face now, and there was no violent intent in his eyes. Dark hair glinted in the lamplight, and stubble graced his strong jaw. He was holding duffle bags in his hands, and he paused in the act of passing one to the other. Amusement flickered in his gaze. "I was going to help you up."

see

"Oh. Thank you."

He extended his free hand, and I took it. Wet flesh met cold flesh, a miserable winter introduction. He pulled me up easily, but his expression hardened. "Are you all right?"

I realised he was looking at my cheek, and I gingerly touched the throbbing skin. "Work mishap. It wasn't you." I dropped my hand and added, "But I should have looked where I was going."

"And I probably shouldn't have been standing in the way." His gaze didn't move from my face. "I don't suppose you know where Church Street is?"

"Which one?" I asked wryly.

"Whichever's the nearest. I would look it up, but my tabphone won't work in this rain."

My tabphone often malfunctioned when it was dry , but I kept that peculiarity to myself. "Turn left at the end of this road, left again, then immediately right, then climb the second staircase to the walkways and take the third right, then go left when you reach..." I watched his expression slowly turn blank. "You're not going to remember that, are you?"

dry "It's my first time in Socrico," he offered by way of explanation.

Hell. My day was steadily sliding down the drain. "Okay, I'll just walk you there. Come on."

I set off without waiting for a reply, splashing out of the puddle. He fell into step with me a second later. At his height, I imagined it would be difficult for anyone to leave him behind.

"Where on Church Street are you going?" I asked.

"A flat in Block Seven."

"So you're moving here?" I glanced at his bags. Bulky as they were, he only had two of them. "Is it a temporary thing?"

"Permanent. I suppose you could say I'm a minimalist."

We passed under a streetlamp, and it threw a washed-out shine on his chiselled face. His eyebrows drew together as he got a better look at mine. "Why were you walking around in the dark?"

"Because the lights haven't turned on yet."

"You could stay at home and go to sleep. Socrico has the second-highest crime rate after New London."

I almost smiled. "I'm aware."

But I'd be damned if I was afraid of my city. I dared it to defy me.

We turned off the station road onto a quieter lane, passing beneath another metal walkway. There was a shout from above us, then the smash of a beer bottle as someone threw it over the railings. We stepped around the glass and carried on, following the shadows.

Socrico was always shady, even when the lights were turned on. Darkness could never be eradicated so far underground. A dozen other cities like this had been built during the New Cold War, and our ancestors had fled here a hundred years ago when the nuclear bombs had fallen. Now we were all that remained of Britain -- and maybe even the world.

Church Street was a two-minute walk away: a decent road of brownstone skyscrapers. I led the man to Block Seven, striding through the automatic doors into a muted lobby. "Here we are. What flat number?"

"Eleven."

Unquestionably the ground floor. It didn't take us long to find it, and my companion rang the bell. A round screen emerged from the door. We appeared on it, both of us dark-haired, dark-clothed figures like drowned rats.

"May I come in?" the man asked the door.

The camera scanned us, then slipped back into the wood as the door clicked open. A synthesised voice spoke. "Welcome, new tenant Alex O'Sullivan."

He stepped over the threshold and glanced back at me. "Thank you..."

"Amber," I said. "Amber Rames."

He stilled, his eyes narrowing. " Detective Inspector Amber Rames?"

Detective Inspector "Yes." I scrutinised him in the same manner. "How do you know that?"

My earpiece buzzed before he could reply. I turned away and answered the call, Alex's gaze heavy on my back. "Rames speaking."

"Amber, this is Dixon. The PRBs couldn't get through to you again. I'm sorry to start your day like this, but we've got a body."

Ky Dixon was my governor, the detective chief superintendent of the Criminal Investigation Department. He was probably not sorry that he was sending me into the cold to look at a dead body first thing in the morning. But at least he was kind enough to pretend.

"Where, sir?"

"The alley on Terra Road. I'll ask the PRBs to contact your new sergeant. Did you get a chance to read his file over Christmas?"

"No, sir. It wouldn't open on my tabphone."

Dixon sighed. "What is it with you and technology? His name's Alex O'Sullivan. I suppose you can ask him the rest later."

I looked back at the tall, dark, and handsome man watching me from the doorway. He raised an eyebrow, his gaze clear. He knew exactly what I was being told.

"Amber?"

"You don't need to contact the PRBs, sir." I swallowed. "I'm looking at Sergeant O'Sullivan right now."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 2


"You're my new sergeant?" I repeated for the third time as we left Block Seven again.

"You're "Yes." Alex's lips quirked. "Am I not what you were expecting?"

I supposed I should have realised he was my sergeant sooner. The moment I'd crashed headlong into him, it had just been written in Sod's Law.

"I'm not sure what I was expecting," I said, "other than to meet you at the police station later this morning."

"You're not what I was expecting. You're young. And..." His gaze darted to my hands, balled into fists at my sides. "Feisty. Although you don't look it now."

Drenched in rain and sweat, and with my heartrate back to normal, I was shivering. I shrugged and stuffed my fists in my pockets. "I'm sure I'll warm up once I've added a forensic suit to my layers."

Although it had stopped raining, the city was still dark: the weather simulator was mimicking the short days and long nights that had characterised winters on the surface. We took a shortcut down the road I lived on, sticking to the shadows at the fringes.

The flats in my neighbourhood still had their Christmas holograms turned on, showing Santa in his top-of-the-range turbo sleigh flying across the brownstone walls. A beggar was huddled against the bricks of the next block after mine, directly beneath a reindeer. He'd found a second-hand currency machine that looked older than me. I stopped and stared into the eye-scanner, giving him the money I'd been intending to spend on coffee before work.

It took us two minutes to reach Terra Road, which was now secured behind a reel of electro-tape. Decrepit flats rose towards the concrete sky. Houses were a long-lost concept in Britain's cramped cities.

A narrow alleyway cut into the middle of the road, and more blue-and-white tape had been strung around plastic cones in front of it. PRBs were working on the other side, searching the crime scene with the microscopic cameras in their eyes.

The tape stopped short of the doorways to two buildings on either side of alley. One was unmarked, presumably a block of flats. A cluster of neon signs climbed up the other. Implants4U, Flash Café, Ryker's Repairs ...

Implants4U, Flash Café, Ryker's Repairs In the middle of the buildings, the electro-tape, and the PRBs, a woman was sprawled on the ground. I could only see the shape of her in the shadows, and I imagined that when the night had been at its darkest, she wouldn't have been visible at all.

Alex went to get an overview of the situation from the PRBs, while I zipped myself into a forensic suit and entered the crime scene.

Once my eyes had adjusted to the dim light of the alley, I realised it wasn't just PRBs with the victim. The body was being examined by a human woman. A different robot was standing at her side: sleek and white, with APT (anatomical pathology technician) stamped on its forehead. Both turned around as they heard our approach, and the woman's full lips curved into a smile. "Good morning, Amber."

APT "Cassia," I grunted. Good morning was a stretch with no caffeine. Alex was approaching, so I introduced him. "This is Detective Sergeant Alex O'Sullivan. Sergeant, this is Doctor Cassia Grant."

Good morning My older, married sister shook hands with Alex. It occurred to me that all I knew about the man I was introducing was his city of origin, Rosek, which was where my old sergeant had buggered off to with a promotion as a detective inspector. But I could tell from his powerful stance and the clear look in his eyes that he was no rookie to a gruesome crime scene -- which was just as well.

The victim might have once been beautiful: her skin was olive-coloured, her hair was curly and dark, and she had a smooth youthfulness about her face. But her throat had been slit, and she was lying in a stagnant pool of blood. Flaps of skin hung down her neck.



I positioned my ilenz over my right pupil and attached the electrodes to my temple. The device scanned the face of the victim immediately, and within seconds it was displaying her national profile -- visible only to the police and the government -- on my lens.

"Zoe Ackerman," I said.

The first page of her profile held basic data. Twenty-five. Worked at Castle Robotics, one of the biggest artificial intelligence companies in Britain. Married to Maxx Ackerman. There were plenty of news articles attached, and I followed one of the links just by thinking about it.

"I recognise that name," Cassia said. "There was a scandal recently. Didn't she marry her step-brother?"

I scanned the information in front of me. "That's right, last winter. I don't remember hearing about it."

"You live in a little world of work."

"She has a lot of family who need to be informed." I navigated back to the first page. "And she's left behind a daughter. Five weeks old."

"I'll go through this quickly, then." Cassia's voice quietened. "Time of death was between eight and ten last night. You can see the cause for yourself. Both carotid arteries are cut."

"Nasty." I turned my gaze away, deepening my range of vision back to the opposite side of the electro-tape. A small crowd of onlookers were starting to gather at the top of the road. One civilian at the front had been taken aside by a uniformed officer.

Alex followed my gaze. "That's Ryker James. He found Zoe and called it in."

I brightened. "Okay. Let's have a quick chat with him, and then we'll find Zoe Ackerman's family before this news hits Xplora."

***

We ditched the crime scene and our forensic suits and approached Ryker James. He was a muscular man, dressed in just a t-shirt and jeans despite the season, but I supposed it was a sensible uniform for a day of hard labour -- I'd now twigged that he must be the owner of Ryker's Repairs. It gave me a good look at the silver cybernetic implant that was his right arm. He tensed and flexed his metal hand in a habitual manner, as if he'd never quite got used to it.

Impatience took control of my mouth when we reached them, and my only greeting to the constable was a nod. My gaze fixed on the civilian. "Ryker James?"

"Yes." He spared an incredulous glance at my outfit. My idea of dressing smart was to balance out my leather jacket and jeans with a v-neck jumper and collared light-up blouse. "You're a police officer?"

my "I'm Inspector Rames; this is Sergeant O'Sullivan. The constable should have noted your address and Xplora account number so that we can arrange for an official statement to be taken later, but I'd like to ask a few questions now. You called this in?"

"Yes. I saw her when I turned onto the street."

"What time was that?"

"About six, I think. I like to start working early."

"Do you know who she is?"

Ryker turned his head away and started tensing and flexing his metal hand again. He rubbed the back of his neck with the other. "Zoe Ackerman."

I frowned. "You knew her personally?"

"She's my ex-fiancée. I was supposed to marry her last summer."

The breath rushed out of my lungs. Oh .

Oh "Where were you last night?" Alex asked. "Between eight and ten."

Ryker smiled humourlessly. "I thought you'd ask. I was at home."

"Can anyone confirm that?"

"No. I live alone."

"No robots?"

"Not at home, but one in the workshop. It can confirm what time I left."

"Good," I said, although I doubted that would be very helpful. "What was your current relationship with Zoe Ackerman?"

"We didn't have one. We were civilised if we happened to meet, but that wasn't often. This isn't the kind of neighbourhood a Castle-Ackerman would usually be seen in."

Castle-Ackerman. Now that I had the full family name, I did remember some of the news articles that had been circulating last winter. The family were headed by the owners of Castle Robotics and Ackerman Electronics, the biggest technology firms in Britain. Once major rivals, the two companies had become partners when then-heirs Daniel Castle and Elena Ackerman had married. Zoe Castle and Maxx Ackerman were children from their previous relationships. Then they'd had two more.

Castle-Ackerman. did "When did you last see Zoe?" I asked.

Ryker shook his head. "I don't know. Months ago, maybe, and it was always just in passing."

"So you wouldn't have noticed if there was anything different about her behaviour?"

"No. But she always seemed all right to look at."

"Did she have any enemies?"

"Not that I'm aware of."

Alex was watching him carefully. "What was her relationship like with her husband?"

"I have no idea." Ryker's tone turned sour.

"You were jealous?" I asked.

"No. She jilted me at the altar because she'd loved Maxx all along. To pine after her would be hopeless."

In my peripheral vision, the crowd at the end of the road was growing. Before me, Ryker's face was shutting down like a robot. To go any further would be to really grill him, and I didn't have time for that. Rumours about a murder on Terra Road would already be circulating.

I stepped back. "Thank you, sir. If the constable has your details, you're free to carry on."

Ryker walked away.

I turned to Alex. "Get a PRB to speak with Ryker's robot, then send some officers to break the news in the main Castle-Ackerman household. I want to find Zoe's husband."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 3


Alex and I left Terra road and went in search of the nearest tram stop. The city was beginning to get brighter, but rain was falling again from the concrete sky. I would never understand why we bothered with the seasons, or why we had a weather simulator. The government insisted that it was important to remember what life had been like above ground, but at school I'd learned about thunder and lightning, ice and snow, hail and hurricanes... Our simulator only did rain or no rain.

Alex snapped his fingers, and the hood on his trench coat drew itself up. I raised my eyebrows.

He smiled. "What? Not a fan of tech-coats?"

"Having your hood up is a bit casual, don't you think? For a sergeant on duty."

"Going by your example, I assumed casual was okay on Socrico's police force."

"This is smart."

"If you say so."

We turned the corner. I stuck to the edge of the road again, and Alex stuck with me.

I cleared my throat. "So, I have to confess, I don't know anything about you. Dixon sent me a file before Christmas, but I couldn't make it open on my tabphone."

Alex's smile grew. "Ah, he warned me about your relationship with electronics. He said I might have to work everything for you."

"I'm not that bad!" I chewed my lip. "But can you work things?"

My old sergeant, Nina Howell, had been able to work my electronics for me when I'd struggled -- although she hadn't managed to solve the recent problem regarding my earpiece's refusal to communicate with the PRBs.

"Yes," Alex said. "I can probably make that file open for you."

"I won't have time to read it now that we're leading a high-profile murder inquiry. Give me the basics while we walk."

"I spent ten years working on Rosek's force before I came here."

"Why did you move?"

He took his time choosing his words. "I wanted to try working in a different city."

Obviously not the full answer, but never mind. He didn't know me from Adam yet.

"How old are you?" I asked instead.

"Twenty-nine. And you?"

"Thirty."

His gaze fastened on my face, taking in the details again. I wasn't very interesting. My eyes were a muddy blue, my hair thick and dark, my face pale and plain. I wondered what age he'd initially pegged me for, then decided I didn't want to know.

Around us, dark buildings spiked into the sky. We joined a road carved with tramlines, dodging around a handful of pedestrians. Their chatter was muted, but the smells of the city assaulted us: pastry, soldering smoke, and beer.

And coffee, I thought bitterly as we paused beside a tram stop.

***

"It's a strange coincidence that Zoe Ackerman was murdered right outside her ex-fiancé's shop," Alex said on the tram.

I curled my lip. "I don't like coincidences."

"And a strange coincidence -- or not-coincidence -- that Ryker James was the first one on the scene."

"I wonder what Zoe was even doing down there," I mused. "That isn't the kind of neighbourhood you wander around in just to clear your head. Especially not with a husband and five-week-old baby waiting at home."



The tram stopped on Maxx Ackerman's street, and we emerged in another world. Cylindrical skyscrapers glistened in the artificial dawn. They were made of glass and marble, the white stone curving in elegant twists around clear walls and windows. The glass stayed blank, hiding its occupants from us with ultra-technology while offering them any view they could imagine. No matter how rich you were, the underground housing problem would not change -- but the privileged would always be privileged, because the artificial reality within their walls would give them anything they desired.

them Businessmen and women were already leaving for work, the kind who wore tailored suits and six hundred-quid shoes. I assumed they were off to run their billion-pound empires...or whatever they did.

Maxx lived in the building at the end of the road, and I led the way in a little self-consciously. The lobby was white, white, white; irregular curved walls guiding people around the perimeter like a circular tunnel, with strip lights glowing down the pillars. An enormous desk stood in the centre, manned by five quirky one-eyed robots. I ignored them resolutely and found the nearest lift.

five On the highest floor, we rang Maxx's doorbell. A circular screen emerged from the glass panel and displayed us.

"May we come in?" I asked.

The camera scanned us to check that we weren't blocked from requesting access.

"Let me ask Maxx," the doorbell said eventually.

There was no hiding from visitors with these systems. They knew when you were in and when you were out, and they wouldn't lie for you.

The next voice that spoke was like rich velvet. "Who is it?"

"Inspector Rames," I said, "and Sergeant O'Sullivan. Socrico Police."

We held our warrant cards up to the camera, and a long silence followed. Everyone knew something bad had happened when the police came for a visit at dawn.

"Come in."

The door opened. We crossed the threshold into a minimalist hallway of cutting edge design. Glass walls gave the illusion of it being open-plan, exposing a living room being cleaned by a white-shelled robot, a kitchen of chrome counters, and a dining room with a hover-table that I knew would be capable of laying itself. Further down the hallway, the glass changed to opaque walls that concealed private rooms. The wail of a baby drifted from the back of the flat.

Maxx Ackerman emerged from a nearer doorway. He looked more like a model than a businessman, with black hair that curled over his forehead, blue eyes, and bronzed skin. His cheekbones were high and his jawline chiselled, and his dark suit clung to him in a way that suggested the rest of his body had been sculptured with equal finesse. But dark circles ringed his eyes, and when he saw us, the colour washed out of his face.

"Is it Zoe?" he asked. "She hasn't come home."

That morning, I'd looked at a young mother with a slit throat. I'd stared at violent death more times than I could count, risked my life to confront criminals or act as bait, and even risked -- and broken -- relationships in my line of duty.

But this was the worst part of my job by miles.

"I'm sorry, sir," I said. "Zoe died last night."

***

Maxx refused to call anyone to stay with him. He reasoned that his family were all at work, and anyway, the babysitter was elsewhere in the house with his daughter. And he had the robot.

The robot was bringing a tray of coffee into the living room, unasked. It set the mugs down on the glass table before us, and my mouth watered. I tried not to reach for one with too much enthusiasm, but I still managed to clash hands with Alex, who was obviously just as desperate. I snatched mine back.



He picked up a mug and handed it to me, one corner of his mouth curving up in a glimmer of a smile. It fell again as he took his own mug and turned towards Maxx Ackerman, who was sitting on the sofa opposite us.

I asked my first question before I allowed myself the luxury of caffeine. "You said Zoe hadn't come home. When did you last see her?"

"Last night." Maxx's voice was dull, but he met my eyes. "We were having Boxing Day dinner at the family flat. Zoe left before me, perhaps at eight."

"You and your wife were intending to travel home separately?"

His gaze slid away. "We'd had an argument. She stormed out. I came home afterwards with Harley, our daughter."

"And Zoe wasn't here?"

"That's correct."

"She didn't come home all night."

His jaw clenched. "I went to bed early, thinking that she would come in while I was asleep. I only realised something was wrong when I woke up half an hour ago and she wasn't here." He sighed and rubbed his forehead. "I shouldn't have let her leave alone."

"What time did you come home last night?"

"I left straight after Zoe -- we'd had an audience, so the atmosphere was uncomfortable. I got in, settled Harley, and went to bed myself."

"Can anyone testify to that?" I glanced at the one-eyed servant that was now standing at the back of the room. "Your robot?"

"It was being serviced at Ackerman Electronics, and it didn't come back until this morning."

"So you were alone?"

"Yes." His gaze sharpened as he understood what I was getting at. "I was."

"Zoe was murdered in an alleyway on Terra Road," Alex said. "Have you ever been there?"

"No."

"Do you know why she would have been there?"

Maxx frowned. "Her ex-fiancé owns a gadget repair workshop on that road. Although I can't imagine he would have been in at that time."

I polished off my coffee. "She jilted Ryker James just months before she married you. Surely they weren't friends?"

"No. As far as I was aware, she'd never been back to that shop after our marriage." Maxx glowered at the untouched mug in front of him. "And you should know that she never loved him during the short course of their relationship. She was just trying to convince herself that she didn't love me."

"I assume she was attracted to him, though. Did she ever cheat on you during your marriage?"

Maxx turned puce. "No! We've loved each other for as long as I can remember."

"But you argued. It was a serious argument -- one that you couldn't save for later when you were in private. She was upset enough to leave her baby daughter with you and venture out alone to find Ryker." I leaned forward. "What did you argue about?"

He jumped up as if he'd been electrocuted. "That's a private matter which bears no relevance. I want to deal with my loss alone. You can find the door yourselves."

***

Practically propelled outside by Maxx's anger, we left the flat and journeyed to our home base. Socrico Police Station was located near the high street, where neon shop lights flashed and people wearing electrode earphones wandered. Body-hackers -- known colloquially as grinders -- compared their cybernetic implants. Students clutched paper coffee cups with animated designs, most of them branded by Coffee Glitch.



Coffee Glitch was based on the ground floor of a skyscraper next to the police station's turn-off. It was furnished in a retro style, with booths by the windows, and manned by human baristas. The line was spilling out the door. I wished I could join it, but we had work to do.

human The police station stood at the end of the next turning: a squat, black box sheltered by the skyscrapers. PRBs guarded the entrance with rifles, and more were perched on the roof like sci-fi gargoyles. We stopped in front of the steel door, where we were observed by two full facial-recognition scanners.

The screens flashed green, and the door rose upwards. I didn't wait for it to stop, just for it to be high enough to duck under. Alex had to stay still until it finished moving.

We entered a long, wide hall filled with bullet-proof glass cubes that served as offices, separated from us by a touchglass floor-to-ceiling divider. Members of the public could use the touchglass to raise a concern, lodge a complaint, or make a request to speak with a police officer. A few people were standing before it now, having been assessed and allowed inside by the PRBs on guard. A push-pull door and another scanner stood in the middle of the partition.

Detective Chief Superintendent Ky Dixon would be itching for an update on the investigation, so we scanned ourselves into the main section of the building and found his office. Through the glass walls, I could see him sitting at a curved desk near the back of his cube, typing on a tablet. Two others hovered in the air beside it.

I reached the door and knocked. Dixon looked up and glanced between us. He was black, harsh-faced but intelligent-eyed, big and burly but not out of place behind a desk. He commanded it, holding himself in such a way that told you he was in control and you could trust him. Everyone did trust him, me especially. No one else had been my governor since I'd become a detective inspector.

He beckoned. We strode inside and stopped before him. I tucked my hands into the pockets of my jacket. "Morning, sir."

"Morning," he said gruffly. "The PRBs have been keeping me in the loop -- the victim was Zoe Ackerman of the Castle-Ackerman billionaires?"

"Yes, sir. Her throat was slit between about eight and ten last night, right next to her ex-fiancé's repairs shop."

"Who's the ex-fiancé?"

"Ryker James. We've spoken to him and Maxx Ackerman."

"Do you have alibis?"

"Nothing solid, sir," Alex said. "We're still waiting for Ryker's robot to testify what time he left the shop, but if it was before ten then it means nothing."

Dixon frowned. "Do we know what Zoe was doing by his shop?"

"Not yet, sir," I said. "We're working on it. But Maxx told us that he didn't think Ryker and Zoe had interacted since she'd jilted him."

Dixon read my face. "You don't believe him?"

"I don't know, sir. Something doesn't smell right. Maxx was more angry than upset."

Dixon watched me a moment longer, then nodded. "All right. Keep digging."

"Yes, sir." I turned to go.

"One more thing. I thought you agreed to dress smarter for your sergeant's first day? You're supposed to be setting an example."

Alex grinned at me.

I scowled, tugging the collar of my light-up blouse. "This is new. I thought tech-clothes were very smart these days?"

Dixon shook his head. "That's not quite what I meant. But I'll let Alex go now. I have something else to discuss with you."

Alex glanced at me curiously as he left the office. I hoped he could find where our cube was.

Dixon sat back in his chair. "What do you think of him?"

"He's not Nina, but he seems to know what he's doing." I shrugged. "I don't think I'll find him wanting as a sergeant."

"Good. As soon as I met him, I thought you'd work well together."

"Are you trying to employ friends for me, sir?"

Dixon smiled. "Possibly."

"Why?"

"Nina was the only person you ever opened up to." His smile vanished. "After what happened before Christmas, I'm worried about you."

My mouth dried. "I have other friends. I go out for drinks with Sebastian and Otto."

"You don't see them enough. And this thing with Clyde Edwards -- "

"It's all under control, sir." I backed away. "And the longer I spend standing around here, the colder my case is getting."

With that point made, I turned and fled to my office.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 4


I stalked back through the city of cubes until I reached my office. It was a large glass container divided into two: Alex and I would be working in the smaller section while the rest of our team would work in the bigger one. The whole space was uncomfortably cool, and most officers next door kept their coats on.

Through the walls, I could see that Alex was sitting at Nina's old desk. It had been cleared of all her things now, and he obviously wasn't going to personalise it himself when he'd brought so little luggage.

I entered and crossed to my own space: the bigger desk that faced the rest of my team and had a tablet hovering in the air over it -- which I hadn't switched on for months. A couple of old paper coffee cups were sitting beneath it, daring it to fall and send them flying. I sat down and rested my elbows on the glass. "Found anything yet?"

"Ryker's robot alibi checks out. He left before the murder."

"Which means he doesn't really have an alibi. He could have returned later and killed Zoe in the alley."

"Yes." Alex scrutinised me in the same manner he'd scrutinised our suspects. "What did the chief super want to talk to you about?"

"Nothing to do with the investigation."

He took the hint and looked back at his tabphone, hovering at eye-level over his desk. "I'll check Zoe's Xplora page for anything useful."

Xplora was a social network. In fact, it was the social network. Run by the government, it was the only one in existence and the only way we could make phone calls or send messages. It was also where news stories were published, books were read, films were watched, and music was played. It was everything.

the "Good idea," I said. "I'll start looking at Maxx's profiles."

His national profile turned up the basics. Maxx Ackerman. Twenty-four. Worked at Ackerman Electronics. Married to Zoe Ackerman. Daughter was Harley Ackerman. Mother was Elena Ackerman. His biological father had been a man named Philip Ackerman, but he'd died two decades ago.

I scanned through pages and pages of information, then spent a while looking for anything of interest on his Xplora page. There was nothing.

Alex broke the silence. "I've just pulled up Ryker James' national profile. He was charged with ABH in 2180 for a fight outside Victory Casino. His opponent shot him in the arm for his trouble."

ABH stood for actual bodily harm, the lowest statutory offence of assault. Perhaps that was how Ryker had come to have his cybernetic implant. "So, he has violent tendencies. Who was the arresting officer?"

"DI Flynn."

I was a little surprised, but that was something, at least. "Sebastian Flynn's a friend, so I'll ask if he can remember anything about Ryker when I next see him. And add looking through the report of the incident to my to-do list."

There was a knock on the door, and a plain-clothes officer pushed it open: Detective Constable Emily Laney. She was carrying a small box which she brought straight to me. "Zoe Ackerman's possessions, ma'am, from the hospital."

"Thank you."

She left, and I tore the box open to examine the items Zoe had been carrying when she'd died. Compact mirror, electrode earphones, mints, tabphone. I pounced on the electronic device.

It was locked. I groaned.

"I can crack that." Alex appeared at my side and took the tabphone off me. I watched him without much hope, but a minute later it was back on my desk. He smiled at my bemused expression.



"Even Nina couldn't do that!" I said. "I thought I'd have to brave talking to the PRBs. How did you do it?"

He went back to his desk, a spark of mischief in his eyes. "It's an old skill. When I was at school, I thought it was funny to crack people's passwords and mess around with their tabphones."

I hoped that wasn't still a habit!

Zoe's tabphone had recorded ten missed calls, ranging from 7:15 a.m. to 8:47 a.m that morning. No messages had been left. All the calls had been made by Maxx Ackerman.

Why hadn't he rung as soon as he'd got home the previous night? Why hadn't he rung to apologise, or ask where she was?

And why did it look like she'd been intending to run straight into Ryker's arms when she'd died?

I met Alex's eyes across the office. Eyes that had already been fastened on me, and jostled my heartbeat with their intensity.

I gulped and shoved my chair back, surprised and unnerved. "Let's see what the rest of the Castle-Ackermans know."

***

If the newly-wed Ackermans had lived in another world, the Castle-Ackermans lived on another planet. They were based in the sort of skyscraper that had probably been featured on the news; the sort to have been made by someone who would now be very rich, but who was so unusual in their work and in themselves that their name would never be heard of again except for in the smallest, most eccentric circles.

I couldn't decide if it looked more like a squid, a worm, or an alien. Chunks of frosted glass and spindly metal twisted around the core -- if there was a core beneath it all -- sticking sharply up towards the sky at varying angles. In fact, the whole building seemed to constantly twist, bending and flexing and stretching, and it was hard to believe that any of the materials managed to support themselves. Or to imagine where on the writhing creature the entrance might be found.

Once we'd eventually got inside the squid-worm, it was deathly quiet. The ceiling towered hundreds of feet above us, and corridors for different levels crawled around the walls, supported by glass pillars like circular balconies. It was bright, much brighter than the outside world, and oddly, the lobby was filled with winter flowers and trimmed bushes to create an enormous indoor park. Grey mosaic walkways carved straight paths through the vegetation to lifts set into the walls. We followed one and tried not to gawp.

Again, our destination was the top floor, where the Castle-Ackermans owned a duplex. A large duplex, I realised when we stepped out of the lift and saw only one door to choose from. A PRB was standing on guard there. The door had been left open a crack, so we flashed our warrant cards at the robot and strode straight in.

large The grey entrance hall stretched in three directions like a maze, but I could hear soft talking ahead where the walls fell back to create a wide, open room. We walked in that direction, the floor toasty beneath our shoes. Someone had cranked the heating up as high as they could get it.

We entered a combined living space: to the left was a kitchen the size of my flat, made up of slanting counters that defied gravity and a dark marble extractor fan. It was an asymmetric block that came down so low from the ceiling, it looked like a sinister chute that might abduct anyone unfortunate enough to be standing beneath it it. The living room was less nightmarish, containing a string of white leather sofas, a glass TV, and a fake modern fireplace. The view on the windows was of a distant, frosted village from the surface.

A boy and a girl barely out of their teens were sitting in front of the TV, at opposite ends of the sofa. They had to be the younger siblings listed on Zoe's national profile: Jason and Lynn Castle-Ackerman.



Jason was another dark-haired handsome devil like his brother, although he had an oval face without such a prominent bone structure. Both he and Lynn also had a trace of Korean ancestors in their features, as Zoe had, but Lynn had spoiled her delicate beauty by dip-dying her hair a hideous shade of green. With the exception of her red-rimmed eyes, the rest of her was green, too -- baggy green jumper, green jogging bottoms, green socks -- so that it was like someone had spilled mushy peas on the sofa.

Only she was looking at us. I cleared my throat and waited until I had the attention of them both. Then I held up my warrant card. "Inspector Rames and Sergeant O'Sullivan. We're very sorry for your loss."

At my final word, Lynn's breathing hitched. She lifted a tissue to dab her eyes.

"God," Jason groaned. "She's been crying all evening and all morning, and then you come and she cries more. The next thing you're going to say is that you want to ask us some questions, and then she'll cry again. Well, you can bugger off, because I've just had the worst news of my life and I want to be alone."

He left the room.

Lynn snivelled and sat up straighter, fixing her brown eyes on us. "S-sorry."

"It's okay," I said. "He got it right. We would like to ask you some questions, if you can handle it now."

"I'd like to get it over with."

"Okay, then." I sat down beside her. "Just for the record, you're Lynn Castle-Ackerman, Zoe's half-sister? And you live here?"

Fresh tears flowed. "Yes. I go to Socrico University, but I'm a home student."

Socrico University was the educational institution of highest prestige outside New London. Those who didn't pass everything with flying colours didn't make the cut.

"Where are your parents?"

"On their way back."

"Okay. When did you last see Zoe?"

"She was here last night. We all had dinner together."

"I understand that she argued with Maxx and left alone soon afterwards?"

Lynn worried her lip. "Yes."

"Do you know what they argued about?"

"No. I was in my room by then, getting ready to go out. I just heard the shouting. But the scandal has always been hard on them, so it often raises tensions."

"Because they're step-siblings?" I clarified.

"Yes. Maxx is my half-brother."

Alex, still standing, cut in. "You said you were getting ready to go out. Where were you going?"

"Oh..." She pressed the tissue against her eyes. "I was supposed to be meeting my boyfriend at The Silver Star. But he messaged me while I was riding the tram there to break up."

"I'm sorry," I said. It was odd to offer my condolences for anything other than death. "So you came back?"

"Yes...I stayed on the tram until it came back."

"Did you go anywhere near Terra Road?"

"No. Why -- oh, God." She stared at us. "Is that where...?"

"Yes. Zoe was murdered near Ryker James' workshop. Do you know why she might have been there?"

Lynn furrowed her brow. "She once said to me that when they were together, they'd walk around in the dark as if they were in a garden. She found it calming."



"They walked around the backstreets and the alleyways?" Alex sounded incredulous.

"Yes. She was safe with Ryker."

"Did she spend much time with him after she married Maxx?" I asked.

"I don't know. I don't think so. She never really spoke about him."

"How did she seem in the past few days? Was she her usual self?"

Lynn nodded, sniffling.

"Did she have any enemies? Anyone who might have wanted to hurt her?"

"No. I can't believe someone would do this..."

Dress shoes tapped down the hallway, and a man vaguely resembling Zoe appeared in the entrance to the living space. He took one look at us and frowned.

I stood up. "Daniel Castle?"

"Yes." His voice was a monotone, like he thought he might be dreaming. "Are you the police?"

"Yes, sir. We're here to ask you some questions about Zoe."

His eyes turned glassy. "Zoe... I suppose you'd better come to my office."

The office was upstairs, and we rode a lift up the extremely short distance from the ground floor of the duplex to the first. Daniel showed us into a room that seemed as if it was exactly what the enigmatic squid-worm skyscraper had been made for. The whole space was like a robotic convention, filled with so many parts and machines that the glare of the lights shining off everything at once momentarily blinded me. I squinted at robots with wings, wheeled legs, and two heads through watering eyes. What the...?

What the...? They were all deactivated, some of them frozen in odd positions, and scattered throughout the room. A couple had their backs open as if someone had recently been in the middle of adjusting something within them, and workbenches made from sheets of glass so thin that they were almost invisible stood near the back of the space. A desk and a couple of sofas were clustered near it, and that was where Elena Ackerman was waiting for us.

The CEO of Ackerman Electronics was middle-aged but wearing it well: she had a heart-shaped face framed by blonde hair; small, pink lips; and fair, smooth skin that was dusted with freckles like stars. But any softness this might have suggested was stolen by her eyes, which were steel blue and just as hard as the metal.

I introduced myself and Alex, and then we all sat down.

"I'm very sorry for your loss," I said. "Formal statements will be taken soon, but I was hoping to ask a few quick questions to help the investigation into Zoe's death."

Elena shrugged. Daniel slumped in his chair.

"Zoe was here with Maxx yesterday evening, wasn't she?"

"Yes, and Harley," Elena said. "They came for a family meal. That was the last time we saw her."

"She and Maxx fought."

"Couples fight."

"Do you know what they were arguing about?"

"We'd disbanded," Daniel said thickly. "They were still in the dining room. I only heard raised voices." He glanced at his wife.

"Yes, it was white noise," she said.

"What happened after that?" Alex asked.

Elena shrugged one delicate shoulder. "Zoe left. Maxx left with Harley a few minutes later. Lynn and Jason went out."

"What did you do?"

"I went out soon after, just down to the botanical garden for a walk. I probably stayed there for an hour, unwinding. Then I came back up to our office."

I looked at Daniel.

"I remained in the office while Elena was gone."

"Did you see anyone in the garden while you were down there, Mrs Ackerman?" I asked.

"It was empty. No one takes advantage of it like I do in the winter."

I thought she'd be right at home among the frosted vegetation. "So you were both alone between half eight and half nine?"

"Yes."

I exchanged a glance with Alex.

"What was your relationship like with Zoe?" he asked.

Both Castle-Ackermans hesitated. Zoe had been Daniel's biological child with a woman who'd died not long after her birth, but Elena hadn't been related to her at all.

"I love her," Daniel said eventually, his voice hoarse. "We are...we were...very close. She was my pride and joy."

"But she didn't like me," his wife added coldly. "And I didn't like her. We never wasted our time fighting: we were civil, and we stayed out of each other's way. Whether she lived or died was of no concern to me."

"Elena!" Daniel's face darkened.

"They have to understand. I didn't hate her -- I just disliked her. I could always tell she loved Maxx as more than a step-brother. Now look at the ruin she's brought on us. You know our sales have been falling since they married! Our name has become a dirty word."

I cleared my throat. "Did Zoe have any real enemies, then?"

"No." Daniel's voice trembled. "Everyone loved her."

"What about Ryker James?"

"They should have married instead," Elena muttered. "They almost did."

"After she jilted Ryker, what were her relations like with him?"

Elena's lips thinned. "We heard no more of him."

"Yes," Daniel said. "In fact, he hasn't been mentioned in this household since."

I looked at Alex again. He looked back at me. We'd hit a dead end.

"Thank you for your time." I stood up. "That's everything for now. If you think of anything else that could help the investigation, you can contact us through our Xplora page."

Like the oldest son, they left us to find our own way out. We said nothing as we took the lift back to their ground floor, and nothing until we were out the front door and had shut it properly. Then Alex addressed what I'd been thinking. "No one has a solid alibi."

"No." I dragged a hand through my hair. "Damn it. We'll go back to the station -- "

The lift doors flew open at the other end of the hallway. A girl roughly the same age as Lynn and Jason stepped out, baby-faced but heavily made up, her curly hair dyed rose-gold.

She ignored the PRB standing guard and rang the doorbell of the Castle-Ackerman flat. Before I could ask what she was doing, the camera recognised her and granted automatic access. She went inside and slammed the door, locking us out for good.

I stared. "Who the fuck was that?"



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 5


Alex and I travelled back to the station under a cloud of confusion. As soon as we'd reached our chilled office, I produced my tabphone. "Alex, look at the Xplora pages for the Castle-Ackermans. See if any of them are friends with that girl. I'll take the rest of the national profiles."

Jason Castle-Ackerman was their youngest child, so I started with him as I sat down. Eighteen. A student at Socrico University and a part-time employee at Ackerman Electronics.

Then there was Lynn Castle-Ackerman. Twenty. An employee at Castle Robotics.

I looked again. Yes, that was everything in the status category.

Putting my tabphone down, I glanced across the office at Alex. "Didn't Lynn tell us she's a student at Socrico University?"

"Yeah. She isn't?"

"Not as far as I can see. But Jason is."

"Maybe such a famous family likes to pretend Lynn was clever enough, too. I've identified that girl: Bryony Gold. I'll send you the Xplora link."

His message appeared on my screen a second later, and I followed the link he'd provided. The Xplora page definitely belonged to the girl who'd barged into the Castle-Ackerman residence. Bryony Gold glowered at the camera in her profile picture, her rosy curls tumbling around her face. I glanced over the basic information she'd provided. Eighteen. Worked at Ryker's Repairs.

"She's Jason Castle-Ackerman's girlfriend," Alex said as I read it.

"That explains why she has automatic access to the flat, then."

But little else. If she worked at Ryker's Repairs, had she been there last night?

We spent hours looking through every detail on the national profiles and Xplora pages. Next door, tabphones buzzed, officers murmured, and PRBs squawked. A growing need for caffeine kicked in, but I couldn't bring myself to stop urgently scouring reams of information for something useful. Something to clarify what had happened to Zoe Ackerman last night.

As the afternoon slipped away, another message arrived on my tabphone. It was from Cassia, containing the preliminary post-mortem report. She'd obviously put everything else on hold for me, but even so, she'd worked fast.

It was long, and I skim-read, voicing just a handful of parts so that Alex was aware of them. "Cassia's still standing by the cause of death and rough timing she gave us earlier."

"Dixon told me she's your older sister," he said.

"Yes -- we look nothing alike, do we?" I carried on reading. "Her stomach contents match up with having a meal at the Castle-Ackerman flat not long before she died... Oh, she'd had a recent caesarean section."

"When she had Harley."

"Yes." I looked up, the cogs in my mind spinning. "That could have had an impact on her relationship with Maxx, because you're not supposed to have sex for at least six weeks afterwards. Plus, during the third trimester, it would have been difficult. So their lives might have been lacking in that department for quite a while."

least Alex didn't ask how I was so well-informed on the matter -- not with a doctor (of sorts) for a sister. He only raised his eyebrows. "That might have raised tensions. Or even been a topic for their argument?"

I put my tabphone down. "It could well have been. I'd like to have a proper talk with Ryker and see if he changes his mind about not seeing Zoe. She might have gone to him for support, at least, if times were tough with Maxx."

"I'll track him."

All members of the police force had tabphone-tracking software on their devices, and we were within our rights to use it on whoever we liked. It didn't take long for Alex to discover Ryker's location.



"Victory Casino," he said. "That's where he was arrested for ABH in 2180. But it's only half three -- he's closed his shop early."

"He's attracted to that place. Now I'm starting to see how this plays out. What sort of man spends so much time at a casino, Sergeant?"

"A gambling addict."

"Yes." I pursed my lips. "I wonder if he really just went home yesterday?"

We wouldn't be able to find out now.

***

The rest of the day was filled with gathering witness statements from people who thought they'd seen Zoe on the streets, on a tram, in a window, in a nightclub, in a fight...all over the city. Most of it was rubbish, and what did seem to be the truth only matched up with what we already had without providing any new explanations.

At five o'clock, Alex left. I hung around for an extra half hour, trying to do some more electronic paperwork for the other cases I had on my plate, but I threw the towel in when I saw Dixon nearby. I didn't want to talk about Clyde with him again. That conversation only ever went in circles.

The road up to the high street was empty and shadowed, and I walked along it with big strides, scanning the darkness. Ever since Christmas, I'd always felt nervous down here at night, and my hand strayed towards my SIG Sauer P229S. Only specialised British police officers had carried guns in the past, but since the war, it had become routine for all officers to be armed.

The shadows moved.

I stopped, raising the pistol. A crisp packet emerged from the darkness and skittered across the concrete.

Unwanted adrenaline smashed through my veins, and I rolled my shoulders with a deep sigh. Fucking hell .

Fucking hell Shoving my pistol back in its holster, I stalked on. When I reached the high street, I merged into the crowd and balled my shaking hands into fists. Heavy music boomed from tabphones as teens walked home. I tried to let my mind settle into the sound, but it wasn't enough to soothe me.

There was only one thing that would.

I detoured to my local general store, Ace's. It took its name from the owner, so I was surprised when I went inside and saw a robot standing behind the counter instead.

"Can I help you?" it asked.

The last time I'd come in had been on Christmas Eve, and the shop had been filled with aisles of goods for customers to pick up and take to the counter. Now everything was sealed behind touchglass cabinets.

"Yes," I snapped. "How the hell am I supposed to get my shopping when everything's locked away?"

"Use the touch screens and your items will be handed to you. Each cabinet has instructions."

"Yeah, that's helpful. Technological shelves. They're not going to do what I want. This is never going to work."

A faint laugh drifted down the aisles, then was quickly covered up with a cough.

So that whoever else was in the shop wouldn't think I was a complete fool, I added, "Where's Ace? He was running this the other day."

"This shop belongs to Blade Corporations," the robot said.

I'd just have to assume Ace had been offered a tidy sum of money for his little shop.

It looked like the whole store had been rearranged, but by some small miracle, the chocolate was in the first aisle I tried: a whole cabinet full of everything the big companies had to offer. I found the bar I wanted and stared at it for a long moment, imagining how it would taste.



The bars were hovering in rows with numbers next to them like a twenty-first century vending machine. Near the bottom of the cabinet, the touchglass was displaying a number keypad. I typed in the number I wanted.

Nothing happened.

I balled my hand into a fist and pressed it against the glass, staring mournfully at my chocolate. "What the -- "

A tall shadow fell over the cabinet. "Did you read the instructions?"

"Alex." I sighed. Sod's Law again. "What are you doing here?"

"Getting dinner. What do you want?"

I stepped aside with reluctance so that he could access the keypad. As he moved into my line of sight, I studied him properly for the first time since that morning. He was still the epitome of tall, dark, and handsome, although good looks were usually something I registered blankly among my colleagues. That was not the case when he sent me an expectant glance, his green eyes more than a little gravitational.

A larger dose of therapy was needed. "A jumbo pack of Hacker milk chocolate."

That was ten bars, not one, but it would get me through the rest of the week.

Alex raised an eyebrow as he operated the keypad. "It's just you at home, isn't it?"

"Yes, thank you, Mr Judgemental. It is just me who's going to eat those."

is He typed something else, then looked over with a slow smile. "I've never worked with a chocoholic before. Do you always buy this much, or am I that bad?"

Yes, this is your fault. And now I wish I'd asked for two jumbo packs instead of one.

Yes, this is your fault. And now I wish I'd asked for two jumbo packs instead of one. My mouth behaved and said, "I'm stocking up for the rest of the week. Murder investigations require lots of chocolate."

Alex's face suddenly appeared in the glass, and a hidden eye-scanner took the payment from him. The cabinet spat a jumbo pack of chocolate out the bottom.

"You should have let it scan me," I said, although how I would have moved faster than the scanner, I didn't know.

"It's not much off my back." He handed the chocolate over. "You type in the number next to what you want, and then you type in the number of the row it's on. Then you pay. It's to prevent shoplifting. Isn't it like this in all the big stores in Socrico?"

I scowled. "I do most of my shopping online."

"Well, now you know how to do it in real life." Alex stepped back and raised his pizza in farewell. "See you tomorrow."

Then, just like that, my technological saviour was gone.

I waited for a minute, not wanting to run into him again, before trailing onto the street. As soon as I was on my original route, my tabphone buzzed.

I pulled it out of my pocket and glanced at the screen. It was a message from Clyde.

Where are you now?

Where are you now? My tabphone buzzed again.

I'd love to add some details to my article on Zoe Ackerman. I hope you've seen it. Meet me and we can talk. Some of it would be off the record, of course...like we used to.

I'd love to add some details to my article on Zoe Ackerman. I hope you've seen it. Meet me and we can talk. Some of it would be off the record, of course...like we used to. Volcanic heat simmered beneath my skin, and I ripped open my chocolate bar. It was gone in sixty seconds.

At home, I fed my only household companion, Mitzy the cat, and had a shower. When I emerged, I swapped my contact lenses for glasses, then entered the living room and curled up on the sofa.

It was the biggest room in the house, and I'd found the space to make it work partly like an office. A rickety wooden desk and a filing cabinet with every drawer kicked in (not by me, surprisingly) stood against the window, perfect for late-night brooding. Two dark sofas quietly divided the rest of the space into something more relaxing, facing a small glass TV on the wall, a coffee table scattered with old mugs and cat hair, and a cheap, fluffy rug that matched the grey throw I'd tugged over myself.

I put the TV on as background noise and found the messages on my tabphone. Fuck you , I wrote in reply to Clyde, for all the good that did me. Then I began another sweep of everyone's Xplora profiles in case it would inspire a theory.

Fuck you Had Maxx followed Zoe and struck out in rage after their argument? Had Ryker James found her and exacted revenge for her betrayal?

"Good evening, welcome to Socrico News," a voice on the TV said. "I'm Felicia Tamsyn, and these are the headlines."

I looked up. A female news anchor was standing in front of the screen with a plastic smile.

"Britain is reeling over the murder of Zoe Ackerman, who was found dead in Socrico this morning. Police believe she was murdered last night after dinner with the Castle-Ackerman family. She leaves behind her five-week-old daughter, and her husband and former step-brother, Maxx Ackerman, who she married last year amongst much outcry."

"Tell me something I don't know," I muttered.

"More breaking news today is the conclusion of the most recent Jacqueline Trial in New London. Accountant Robbia Wells and her boss, Stellan Atkinson, undertook Trial testing to bypass the law that prevents them from conducting a legal relationship. Unfortunately, they're deemed to have failed, and under the Corporate Affairs Act 2130 will now be charged for the crime of conducting a sexual relationship with their subordinate or superior. A court date is yet to be announced, but it's expected that they will be found guilty, which will almost certainly lead to a life sentence.

"Meanwhile in Rosek, the mayor has -- "

I used my tabphone to change the channel. Nina was in Rosek, and I didn't want to think about that too much. She was my best friend, not just my old sergeant.

What I got on the next channel was Maxx Ackerman's face plastered across the TV screen, tiny microphones shoved under his chin. His shoulders were slumped, and his eyes were empty. He was standing outside his glass block of flats.

"Mr Ackerman," a disembodied voice was saying, "how will the loss of your wife affect the running of Ackerman Electronics and Castle Robotics over the next few days?"

"Our businesses will be running as usual," Maxx replied quietly, "but the CEOs will not have contact with the public for the foreseeable future. This tragedy has shaken us all."

Not Elena Ackerman, I mused.

The interviewer seemed to agree. "It's been rumoured that tensions were high between Zoe and some other members of the family since your marriage. Did they disapprove of you? Did they blame you for the companies' drop in value on the stock market?"

Maxx's jaw tightened. "No matter what anyone thought of us, we were in love. Our family has come to understand that. Relationships should not be ridiculed or controlled, and I will never regret the short time we had together. Zoe was the best wife anyone could have asked for."

But he clearly hadn't thought that last night. Whatever they'd argued about, it hadn't been an ordinary lover's tiff. Something had been different -- different enough to send Zoe running back towards her past.

And directly or not, that had killed her.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 6


"Good afternoon," my coffee machine said the next morning. "What would you like me to do today?"

"Make coffee."

"I can set a reminder for you," it said. "Let me check: I should set a reminder to 'Make coffee.' Is that correct?"

"No. Make me a coffee now."

"The reminder has been set."

"No!" I slammed my fist into the kitchen counter. "I need coffee. You're the worst Christmas present I've ever been given!"

need The machine was a sleek, black and silver half-moon, like a little creature from outer space that was curling up in self-defence. And no wonder, when it lived with me!





"Let me check," it replied. "I should set a reminder to 'Buy Christmas present.' When would you like this reminder to be set?"

I growled and hit the switch. Whoever had decided that the machines should do more than just make coffee was an idiot.

just make coffee My kitchen didn't usually have anything high-tech in it -- or anything much at all. It was a narrow room like a galley, lined with counters and glass cupboards. Although there was just enough space at the far end for a small table, I'd clogged it up with a punch bag instead.

A glance at my tabphone told me that I still had time to visit Coffee Glitch and caffeinate my annoyance, so I grabbed my jacket and entered another bout of rain.

My trip put me behind Alex, who was already in our office when I arrived at the police station. He was wearing a dark suit, his appearance polished except for the five o'clock shadow still shading his jaw.

"Good morning." His gaze darted to my drink. "That coffee looks much too nice to have come from here."

I supposed it was the moving snowflakes on the cup that gave it away. "So you've already discovered the terrors of the station's coffee machine? It's from a proper shop."

Putting the cup on my desk, I fished a half-eaten chocolate bar out my pocket. As I shoved the rest in my mouth, Alex grinned. "How many of those do you have left now?"

"Never you mind," I said when I'd finished chewing, because I didn't want him to know that I'd already eaten three. I hadn't been able to help myself. "And you can stop sitting there looking so smug. We're going straight back out in the rain to Ryker's Repairs."

That wiped the grin off his face.

***

We went to Terra Road on foot, Alex snug beneath his hood and me freezing as my wet hair stuck to the back of my neck.

Ryker's workshop was open again, so we ascended to the lowest metal walkway and strolled straight in without preamble. It was so dark that we immediately had to stop and wait for our eyes to adjust.

Green holograms were the only things I could see at first. They floated abstractly around the room, shaped like new tabphone models or small kitchen appliances. Then steel tables slowly emerged from the gloom. I spotted wires crawling across the floor, then finally the location of all four walls in close proximity to each other.

Faint synthrock music drifted from the back of the room, where Ryker James was wearing a welding mask as he fiddled with a small drone. Bryony Gold was standing beside him in a smeared apron, observing and chewing gum. A robot was pottering about nearby with a bottle of oil.

Alex rapped his knuckles on the nearest table, and the sound echoed around the room. Ryker flinched and looked up, turning the welder off. He lifted his mask onto his head and stared at us. Bryony retreated through a door in the back. The robot dropped the bottle.



Ryker glared at it. "Indium!"

I tucked my hands in my pockets. "Got five minutes?"

"Not really," Ryker said, but he came over anyway, stripping his gloves off. "Is this about Zoe?"

"Yes, sir. We wanted to ask you some more questions yesterday afternoon, but you'd closed up."

"I went home early. After what happened to Zoe, I found it hard to work."

"You didn't go home," Alex said. "You went to Victory Casino."

Ryker stilled, staring at him. "How do you know that?"

"We tracked you," I said. "And we know you were arrested there a few years ago. It seems to be the place you haunt. Did you really go home on Monday night, or were you there?"

He lowered his gaze. "I was there."

"Why didn't you tell us?" Alex asked. "It left you without an alibi."

"Because I wish to God I hadn't been there! I wish I didn't spend every penny I earn in that place." He took his welding mask off properly and glared at it. "I work to gamble."

"You were embarrassed."

"If you want to put it bluntly." Ryker transferred his glare to Alex. "And lying didn't leave me any worse off, because no one from Victory Casino will alibi me. They don't like the police."

Indium the robot finished mopping up the spilt oil and walked into a table. A pile of screws fell off.

Ryker sighed. "Bryony! Can you come out here and help, please?"

Bryony emerged from the back room, refusing to make eye contact with us.

"Did you lie about Zoe, too?" I asked. "Had you been seeing each other?"

"No," Ryker said. "I don't know what her intentions were when she tried to find me -- but she probably did believe I was in here. I didn't go to the casino on Monday nights when we were together. I stayed here late, trying to get extra work done."

"You're sure she wasn't angling to get back with you?"

Ryker's jaw tightened. "No. She and Maxx were in love, for God's sake."

"They weren't," Bryony said.

All eyes went to her.

She straightened up from the floor and dumped a handful of screws on the table. Her gaze was hard as it locked with mine. "Maxx didn't love Zoe. He loved me."

You could have heard a screw drop.

"He was having an affair with you?" I said eventually.

Bryony raised her chin. "Yes. I treated him better than Zoe. No nagging, no complications, no ruining his reputation..."

"What about Jason?" Alex frowned at her. "According to Xplora, you're his girlfriend."

She shrugged one shoulder. "And?"

Ryker's face had morphed into a scowl. "I had no idea..."

"Does that make you angry for her?" I asked. Despite my wet hair, sweat trickled down the back of my neck. "Are you angry she was cheated on? Or did you know already?"

"No," he growled. "Whatever you're trying to imply, I would never have taken Zoe back. Once shocked, twice shy. Are you done now?"

"Yes. But I'd like to borrow your employee."

***

Alex tracked Maxx Ackerman to see if he was home and pinpointed his location at the main Castle-Ackerman duplex instead. Getting there took longer this time around, because there was no room on the first tram we tried to catch, and the next one was so full that it was standing room only. Alex, Bryony, and I squashed in between students with spinning tattoos and late commuters until we eventually reached the swanky neighbourhood of squid-worm buildings.



We entered the Castle-Ackermans' skyscraper and rode a lift to the top floor, where Bryony let us into the duplex. She still had an arrogant tilt to her chin.

"What was your relationship with Zoe?" I asked as we entered the hallway.

"There wasn't one." Bryony chewed her gum viciously. "She didn't approve of me. I'm too common for this family."

"Oh, Bryony," someone said sweetly, "that's not true."

Jason emerged from the nearest doorway, wearing a winning smile.

Bryony scowled at him. "It is."

He reached us and slid an arm around her waist. Then he looked at me, and the smile dimmed. "Inspector...what was it?"

"Rames."

"Inspector Rames, perhaps you could leave my girlfriend alone? She has nothing to do with this."

Bryony's scowl only deepened, and she chomped so hard on her gum that I thought she might dislocate her jaw.

"Okay," I said. "I'll question you . Where were you on Monday night between eight and ten?"

you "I went to the gym."

"Your university's gym?"

"Yep." He smiled as if he was making a joke I didn't understand.

"Thanks. I'll check what time you scanned in and out."

"I don't scan. I just go in when someone opens the door."

Alex frowned. "Surely you can afford a membership."

"Yeah, but why bother when it's so easy to walk in?"

I rolled my eyes. Why is it that some people with all the money in the world try to get everything for free? "Did anyone see you there?"

"There was that guy I followed in, but I don't know who he was. He went off on his own, and I did my thing alone. Hardly anyone uses that gym. It's shit. But it's the closest."

"So you have no alibi." I turned to Bryony. "And you?"

"I was studying in my dorm."

The lift doors squeaked open at the end of the corridor to our right, and I turned. Daniel Castle stepped out and frowned at the doors as if he was deeply concerned for their health.

"I'll have to fix that," he said, presumably to himself. Then he looked up at us, his eyes shadowed. "I heard Bryony letting you in."

"Yes, sir. We'd like to speak with Maxx. Where is he?"

"The living room. I'll take you through."

Leaving Bryony and Jason behind, we followed Daniel to the open-plan living room. The fake fireplace had been turned on, and hologram photographs of the family had appeared across the mantlepiece. I glanced over them, searching for clues to hidden unhappiness between Maxx and Zoe. There was nothing. The pictures were old and had been chosen carefully so that they never appeared in a snap together. It seemed that the rest of the Castle-Ackerman family didn't want to acknowledge what their relationship had turned into.

Maxx was sitting beside his mother, talking quietly. Lynn was reading a hoverbook with a sensual cover on the opposite sofa. They all looked up, and Maxx scowled. "What are you doing here?"

Elena was marginally more tactful. "Inspector Rames, Sergeant O'Sullivan, we weren't expecting you back so soon."

"Some new information has come to light," I said, "which we'd like to talk about with Maxx. It might be better if we discussed it in private."



Elena's cold eyes turned colder. "No. You upset him last time, prying into matters that don't have any relevance. Whatever you want to say, you can say it in front of me. Perhaps you won't harass him with an audience."

"Right." I sat down.

"Inspector Rames was just talking to Bryony," Daniel said, his voice like honey as he tried to smooth things over.

"Bryony Gold-Digger?" Elena said frostily, arching an eyebrow.

An awkward silence fell over the room.

Daniel cleared his throat. "I'll call for tea."

He didn't say anything else, but a white-shelled robot brought a tray through half a minute later, laden with six mugs. It had obviously responded to an implant in Daniel's brain. A gigantic glass coffee table stood between our sofas, and it laid the tray down there, at the opposite end to Alex and me.

Maxx was in the best position to hand mugs to us, so he gave one to my sergeant and picked up mine. "What is it you want to bug me about this time?"

"Your affair with Bryony," I said.

His hand spasmed. The teacup dipped, and its contents spilled onto my jumper. I flinched and grabbed the china, tilting it the right way up. Thank God for the robot, which had given it to us at a drinkable temperature.

"I'm sorry." Maxx reeled back with wide eyes. "I never normally -- I mean, I -- "

"Was caught by surprise." I dumped the empty cup on the table. "You didn't think we'd find out."

"You twat!" Lynn leapt to her feet with the abruptness of a jack-in-a-box. "How could you have done that to Zoe?"

Maxx straightened his collar with shaking hands. "Bryony doesn't mean anything to me. She knows that. It's just that Zoe hadn't been up to anything for ages, and Bryony looks so much like -- "

Lynn squeezed past the table and stormed out.

Daniel got to his feet as well and started pacing, his jaw tight. "How long?"

"Five weeks." Maxx hung his head.

Daniel nodded, taking himself to the window and staring at the artificial garden scene. It struck me that he'd now been placed in an even stranger situation than when Maxx and Zoe had married -- because his precious daughter had been betrayed by a man who he was supposed to think of as his son.

Elena frowned at Maxx. "You know what I think of Bryony. And your behaviour. I thought your playboy ways were in the past."

"I'm sorry, Mother."

She scoffed bitterly.

"Did you see Bryony last night?" I asked.

"What?" He looked up. "After Zoe was murdered? Of course not! What kind of heartless bastard do you think I am? I loved Zoe!"

"You haven't been making a good case for that so far."

"I'm moving in here because I can't stand being in the flat without her. Mother said it would be for the best."

"Is Bryony what you and Zoe were arguing about on Monday night?" Alex asked.

"Yes." Maxx scrubbed a hand over his face. "She caught us kissing before we all sat down to eat. It wasn't my fault -- Bryony just threw herself at me, thinking we were alone and that I'd been missing her!"

"What a lovable man you are," I said dryly.

He glared. "How do you know about it, anyway?"

"Bryony told us. She thinks you're infatuated with her."

"I swear, she doesn't mean anything to me!"

"But someone does," Alex said. "You like having fun with Bryony because she looks like someone else. You almost said her name. Not Zoe -- they're polar opposites. So who does Bryony look like?"

does Maxx closed his eyes. "Just a girl behind a bar. I don't even know her surname. I can't explain it, but every time I look at her, I feel something...something I've never felt before. But she won't give me the time of day."

"Good on her," I said. "So, if you were lusting after a bartender, I don't suppose you were ever jealous of Ryker?"

"Ryker? No. Well, maybe before we got married. Zoe and I had been in love since we were children." He looked at his mother uncertainly. "But she dated Ryker to convince herself otherwise. It didn't work. On the day of the wedding, she knew she couldn't go through with it. She came to me."

"Stupid girl," Elena said. "She led you astray."

Daniel turned sharply from the window. "Maxx is capable of making his own decisions."

Elena glared at him. He glared back.

I exchanged a look with Alex and stood up. "I think that's everything."

No one so much as glanced at us as we escaped the brewing domestic.

In the hallway, different shouting drifted from above, and sobbing bounced off the walls. Partway down, a door had been left open, and I looked in to see Lynn Castle-Ackerman. Strangely, the room was another reception space, only smaller. It was dark, and she was curled up on a sofa near the door. She was typing furiously on her tabphone.

My presence didn't attract her attention, but when Alex stopped behind me and blocked all light from the hallway, she looked up. She lowered her tabphone and gulped loudly.

"I'm sorry, Lynn." I leaned against the doorway in the knowledge that Alex would be able to see her over my head.

"I can't believe he betrayed Zoe." Her voice wavered. "She was my only sister and my best friend. Brothers aren't the same. They only give tough love. Or hurt!"

I wasn't going to defend Maxx, so we stood in silence for a moment.

"I told Jason," she added. "He's having it out with Bryony now."

That explained the racket. But the mention of her younger brother reminded me of something else. "You know, we looked at your national profile yesterday. You don't attend Socrico University. Why did you lie to us?"

She lowered her gaze. "I tell everyone that because I really wanted to go, but I was too stupid. Everyone expected me to get in. Mom and Dad were students there, and Maxx, and now Jason." Her lips wobbled. "And Zoe..."

"You were very close to her."

She nodded, her eyes filling again.

We left her to grieve.

The lift took us back down to the botanical lobby on the ground floor. The plants were sprinkled with frost like dust, and the mosaic walkways were tinted white. As we neared the end of the room, I shivered.

Alex frowned. "You have a talent for getting drenched. Maxx managed to tip the whole teacup over you."

I smiled wryly. "I just have a talent for attracting trouble."

Handsome sergeants drifting around outside train stations included.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 7


We were both soaked through the minute we entered the downpour. As we set off in the direction of the tram stop, Alex glanced at me. "Do you want my coat?"

both "No, thank you. I'll break it."

He looked bemused.

"It's got electronics in it! As soon as it touches me, it will stop working."

"Are you really that bad?"

"You saw me at Ace's yesterday. And I have a coffee machine that does nothing except set me reminders, and a faulty earpiece to attest to that."

and He smiled. "I can't work out if it's a good thing or a bad thing that you can't contact the PRBs."

"A little bit of both."

"I could take your earpiece home with me sometime and fix it, if you want."

"Really? I should just give it to the workshop PRBs to fix, but I'm not sure..."

"...if that's a good idea when you're involved?" Amusement danced in his eyes. "Leave it to me."

"Thank you."

We rode a tram to the high street and disembarked among shoppers who stank of minty chewing gum and stale winter sweat. Splashing through puddles, we walked down to the police station.

When we turned onto the driveway, my chest tightened. I glanced over my shoulder, quick but casual, and saw a flash of blond hair and an electric blue scarf.

It didn't make Clyde very incognito.

Alex was watching me when I turned back. As I lengthened my stride, so did he. "Everything all right?"

"I'm just eager to get inside -- it's freezing."

I strode up to the facial-recognition scanners, my heart pounding in my throat. As the automatic doors rose, I glanced over my shoulder again. Clyde carried on past the driveway without looking down.

We entered the station and went straight to our office. I passed the door back to Alex with a shaking hand, and he mistook it for more shivers. "I bet you're wishing you'd worn my coat now."

"If I'd worn your coat, I'd be wishing I hadn't, because I'd have broken it."

" I'm wishing you'd worn my coat."

I'm "That's a shame. Look, why don't you go and get us some lunch from the cafeteria? Grab us sandwiches and poison -- I mean, coffee."

Alex went out again, and I settled behind my desk to video-call Victory Casino.

A bald man with beady eyes answered. "Yes?"

"Victory Casino?"

"Yes." He looked at me as if I was stupid. "You called from our Xplora page."

"I'm Detective Inspector Rames from Socrico Police." I held up my warrant card. "I need to know if a man called Ryker James was in your establishment on Monday night."

"No."

"Are you sure? He has a buzz cut. He owns a repairs shop on -- "

"I don't know no Ryker James." The man's thumb appeared on screen, about to disconnect the call.

"You're the owner," I said.

"Yes." He hesitated over the disconnect button.

"How long have you owned Victory Casino?"

"Since it opened."

"Ryker James was arrested outside your building for ABH in 2180. You must know him."



"Lady, people get arrested near my casino every day. I don't know no Ryker James."

He ended the call.

I snatched my tabphone out the air. "Well, fuck you, then!"

Alex strode in with two cups of coffee, two packets of sandwiches, and two chocolate bars. He deposited one of each on my desk. "No luck?"

I mellowed at the sight of the chocolate. "No. The owner of Victory Casino says he doesn't know anybody called Ryker James."

"So Ryker wasn't there on Monday."

"But we do know for sure that he was there last night. The owner's lying."

"He won't know all of his customers by name."

"I described him."

"Or face."

"He's a regular!" I attacked my chocolate bar. "He has a bloody gambling addiction!"

Alex shrugged and went to his desk, although he didn't sit down. "Whatever's going on, the fact is that Ryker still has no alibi. And Zoe was killed right outside his workshop."

"You should always look to the partner of a victim first."

"Or someone else they were previously involved with."

"Well, my bets are on Maxx," I huffed.

"I didn't know this was a betting shop," someone else said from the doorway.

I looked up. Sebastian Flynn was standing there, wearing an easy smile.

"This must be your new sergeant?" he continued.

"Oh, yes." I tried not to glare at Alex. Self-assured arrogance suited his face very well, and it was very irritating. "Sebastian Flynn, meet Alex O'Sullivan."

"Hello," my sergeant said.

"It's good to meet you." Sebastian leaned against the doorway. "Now, what's all this about bets?"

"We were discussing the Ackerman inquiry," I said. "I was actually hoping to pick your brains over it."

"Go ahead."

"One of our suspects was arrested by you outside Victory Casino in 2180. You charged him with ABH. Ryker James."

Sebastian frowned. "I remember some guy who was shot in the arm. The wound got infected, and he had to have it amputated."

"Ryker was certainly shot, and he has a cybernetic arm now."

"Then I know who you mean. You want me to tell you how the arrest went down?"

"Yes, please. And what you thought of him."

"It was the other man who started the fight -- and ended it when he pulled his gun. Ryker was acting in self-defence, but he took it too far. It just wound up being one big, messy brawl."

"What were they fighting about?"

"Ryker owed the guy some money but couldn't pay up. He'd gambled himself into serious debt. I think he declared bankruptcy not long after the incident." Sebastian shrugged. "I guess you want me to tell you if he's the kind of man who'd slit a woman's throat, but I don't know, sorry. I'm not a psychologist."

"He obviously has violent tendencies," Alex put in.

Sebastian grinned. "Ah, so you're betting on Ryker. I don't think I want to be around when one of you turns out to be wrong!" He opened the door again, then glanced back over his shoulder. "Oh, Amber -- Otto and I are going to The Silver Star after work. Do you two want to join us?"



Otto was Sebastian's sergeant, and The Silver Star was the pub we drank at sometimes. Nina had used to come with us.

I looked at Alex. He nodded.

"We'll be there," I said.

***

When the end of our working day arrived, Alex and I packed up and walked to the pub.

"We usually have a meal as well as drinks," I said when we hit the high street. "It'll be on me tonight. Sebastian helped me out a lot when Nina left, so I really owe him one." Although he owed me for my stunt the previous morning.

he "Drinks is a good way to start."

"Yes. And the meal, if you're staying for that...?"

Not that I couldn't stay without him, but it would feel awkward in the knowledge that I had a new sergeant to fill Nina's chair.

Alex's mouth curved into a dashing smile. "Of course."

"Great! Turn left here."

We'd come to the end of the high street, and now we turned onto another busy road. Shops and offices occupied the higher levels of the skyscrapers, while the lower floors were hogged by cafés, restaurants, and pubs. The Silver Star wasn't too far along, announced by a gigantic neon sign with a flashing star.

I glanced at Alex as we approached. "You'll like it inside."

Two glass doors rose into the air as we neared them, and we strode into a glowing blue room. The pub was long, stretching back almost a hundred feet and spilling up a floor via a glass spiral staircase. On both levels, the space was minimalist and airy, littered with elegant touchglass tables. Customers could use the screens to place their orders, but most went to the bar for the full experience.

The bar was in the middle of the ground floor, a doughnut-shaped counter worked by two humans and two robots. A fat pillar stood in the centre with a door, where the electronic chef was operated. Patrons flocked back and forth from all sides, leaning on frosted glass that glowed electric blue and paying on the eye-scanners mounted to it. They were mostly people who'd just finished work, dressed in suits and techno shirts or the lightweight armour of security officers. They shouted to each other over pounding synthwave music.

I spotted Sebastian first, sitting at our usual table near the bar. His sergeant, Otto Gibbs, was beside him. Otto was a quiet man, short and tanned, and sporting an impeccable dress sense. Today, he was wearing a three-piece suit and looking far too posh for the bright pub.

Sebastian was dividing his attention between talking to Otto and watching a blonde on the far side of the room. He never made any enormous efforts to attract female attention, just looked and smiled, and yet he seemed to take a different woman to bed each week.

I rolled my eyes as we approached. "Get your head over here, please."

He dragged his gaze to me and grinned. "I had to do something to entertain myself. I almost thought you weren't coming."

something "Sorry."

"Is this your new sergeant?" Otto asked.

"Yes, Alex O'Sullivan."

Alex smiled. "Hi."

Otto said how pleased he was to meet him. I threw my bag down, sweeping my gaze over the multicoloured glasses spread across the table. "I see you two have already got your drinks, but the meal's on me. Are you having your usual?"

Both men agreed that they'd like their usual orders.

Alex took his coat off and hung it on the back of his chair, then leaned over the table and woke the touchglass up so that he could view the menu. Hit by an impulse, I tapped his shoulder. "No, come with me. There's someone I want you to meet -- and she'll tell you what you're ordering."



He raised a sceptical eyebrow, but he straightened up and followed me to the bar. When we'd found a space at the glowing counter, a robot came forward to serve us. I waved it away. "Gem!"

One of the human bartenders had been standing to the east of us, stacking neon bottles on shelves. Her hair was neon too: dyed pink and tied up in two short pigtails that bounced as she raised her head. She was in her early twenties, but her delicate features and freckled skin made her look like she was a teenager. "Amber!"

"Hi, Gem," I said. "How are you?"

"Okay, thanks. Still stuck working here." Her big smile didn't change as she came over.

"Cassia tells me it's not so bad for you now. You're getting more responsibility and more money."

"True. But how are you? And who's this?" She shot Alex an approving look.

"Sergeant Alex O'Sullivan," he said pleasantly.

"Well, aren't you tall, dark, and handsome? I wish you kept coming in here instead of my new stalker."

"Stalker?" I repeated.

"He's a bloody millionaire," the other bartender said as she passed by. "Stop complaining."

Gem shook her head. "He also was married, and he doesn't understand why I'm freaked out!"

was My blood ran cold. "Maxx Ackerman?"

"Yeah, that's him. He comes in all the time. He wanted me to be his bit on the side -- 'girlfriend' he actually said, but how can you have a girlfriend if you have a wife?" Her blue eyes brightened. "Wait, how do you know?"

"I'm running Zoe Ackerman's murder inquiry, and he...mentioned a bartender he likes." I frowned. "Have you made it clear to him that you're not interested?"

"Obviously, but it doesn't put him off. He's not a real problem, though, just a nuisance. You'd better order, because we're starting to get the evils from everyone else."

I hesitated, glancing at my sergeant. He shrugged.

I dropped the matter. "I was hoping you'd do me a favour. Could you look at Alex and decide what he'd like most? I want him to experience the best way to eat in The Silver Star."

"Sure. I'll get him a lime crusher and a steak. You look like you want a steak." She turned away from his expression of surprise. "Are the rest of you having your usual?"

"Yes, please."

"Okay! I'll be back in a moment." She entered the pillar in the middle of the bar.

Alex looked at me. "What is your usual?"

"You'll see. Did you fancy a steak?"

"Yes. That was odd. Is letting the bartender order for you a tradition here?"

"No, just a Rames tradition. The first time I came was with Cassia. Gem served us, and she insisted that she could choose what we'd like just by looking at our faces. We let her. Her choices were spot on -- and we've tried everything to be sure. We've been friends with her ever since."

"And your best friend is in Rosek. Nina Howell."

"That's right."

"I met her just before I came over."

I felt my back straighten like a rod. "Really? How was she? I haven't heard much."

Alex frowned. "I think she's settling in, but she was quiet. I guessed working with a new set of people must have been overwhelming."



"She's very shy." I sighed. "It took her ages to come out of her shell and warm up to me when we first started working together. I just hope it happens a bit quicker in Rosek now that she's an inspector."

I almost asked Alex why he'd come here and taken up Nina's job again, but at the last moment, I stopped myself. We'd known each other for forty-eight hours. He still wasn't going to tell me.

Gem came back and poured our drinks. "Whoops, I should have done this bit first." She giggled as she set a lime crusher cocktail, a glass of water, and two beers on the counter. Then she gestured to the eye-scanner grandly.

"This is all on me," I said.

From the corner of my eye while I was being scanned, I saw Alex glance at my water. "Not a drinker?"

"No." I stepped back and grabbed my glass. "Thanks, Gem."

"I'll be over in a moment with your food," she said.

We took our drinks back to the table and sat down. Sebastian was ogling the blonde again. Otto sighed dramatically, and we exchanged despairing looks. Alex sipped his lime crusher.

Gem came over a few minutes later, carrying a tray of plates. "Here you are. Alex, do you like your drink?"

He looked at the lime crusher as if it had betrayed him. "Yes. How do you do it?"

"Do what?" Sebastian asked, finally coming back to us.

"She chose Alex's drink," I said. "And he can try all the other drinks he wants, but he won't find anything he loves as much as a lime crusher in The Silver Star."

Gem finished setting our meals down. "I'm just going to say goodbye now, Amber, because I know you'll forget. Tell Cassia I said hello."

"Tell her yourself. I'm sure she'd appreciate a message from you."

"I always message her. I just thought something verbal would be nice. She's so busy." Gem shrugged and left us.

Sebastian looked at me. "How is Cassia, anyway?"

"Good. Up to her eyeballs in dead bodies, as per usual."

Our conversation moved naturally from corpses to murder cases as we ate. Sebastian encouraged Alex to talk about what he'd done in Rosek, and my sergeant obliged. He spoke of the man who'd killed all his wife's friends because he'd deliriously thought they were poisoning him, and the case of the bodies that were always left in lifts. He also regaled the knife fight he'd been subjected to on a tram to arrest a suspect, and the time he'd almost been shot in the leg by a murdering journalist.

I noticed that he didn't mention any recent investigations. Maybe he'd left quite a few of them open when he'd moved. Or maybe it was something else.

The conversation slowly expanded to look at Rosek in general. Alex talked about some of his favourite haunts, and I wondered if Nina would go to the places he had. Would she find the same restaurant he'd visited with his co-workers each Christmas? Would she find a place like Coffee Glitch for her daily caffeine hit?

I told Alex about Coffee Glitch, and he smiled. "Is that where you got your coffee from this morning?"

"Yes. You should try it sometime if you're a caffeine addict."

"Oh, I am. Maybe I'll go tomorrow."

Then he asked Sebastian about his investigations, and my friend told quick and sparse stories. He liked listening to us speak, but he always held back when telling his own tales. I'd pried into that before, and he'd admitted that he buried himself so deeply within his work that he always found it difficult to step back and story-tell.



When we'd finished eating, he checked the time on his tabphone. "I should go. I have someone coming around tonight."

"You mean a woman," I said. "What's this one called?"

"Faye." Sebastian pulled his coat on, a vape clinking in his pocket. "Doesn't she sound gorgeous by name alone?"

Otto rolled his eyes and stood up. "I need to get on as well. It was good to meet you, Alex."

"You, too." Alex glanced at me to see what I was doing. He'd been savouring his lime crusher, and his glass was still a quarter full. I could have sworn that it had turned his eyes greener, and my stomach fluttered.

I swallowed hard. Attraction was bad. Inappropriate. And potentially illegal.

"I'll wait," the devil in me said. Then, in the interest of remaining professional, I added, "We can discuss the investigation again."

As Sebastian and Otto walked way, I desperately fastened my attention on our glasses. Then I had an idea.

"Let's try looking at this using a fresh method." I tapped the three empty drinks. "Zoe Ackerman, Maxx Ackerman, Ryker James."

Alex looked at them dubiously.

I separated Zoe's glass from the herd. "Our victim. Found in the alley on Terra Road, just a few feet away from Ryker's Repairs. Cause of death: slit throat. Both carotid arteries were cut."

I slid a different glass across the table until it clinked against Zoe's. "Now let's ask the why question. Why would Ryker James want to kill Zoe Ackerman?"

why "He was betrayed by her." Alex sipped his drink. "She jilted him at the altar and left him for her step-brother."

"Okay. Why now?"

That drew Alex up short. He blinked at me. "What?"

"Zoe and Maxx have been married for almost a year. Zoe jilted Ryker a year and a half ago. He would have been at his angriest then, but he didn't kill her. Why kill her now?"

Alex thought on that for a while, his brow furrowed. Eventually, he slid his own glass across to Zoe and Ryker. "The birth of Harley gave him a fresh wound. First Zoe married Maxx, and then she became a parent. Ryker's anger bubbled over. He went overboard defending himself outside Victory Casino -- we know he has the hot temper and violent streak we're looking for."

I worried my lip. "He went overboard when he was attacked . Zoe wasn't posing a threat to anyone."

attacked "From his point of view, she'd already hurt him." Alex drained his glass.

"But..."

The hairs on the back of my neck stood up. I twisted around to look over my shoulder, but I missed the person who I feared was coming towards us. From the corner of my eye, I saw them moving around the other side of our table.

I turned back. It was Clyde.

No one could deny that he was a handsome man, although it was in a brutal sort of way. His blonde hair was cropped extremely short, not quite an army cut but something close, and although his face was well-sculpted and his eyes a mesmerising shade of blue, his jaw was too sharp, and his nose large and wide -- and slightly crooked from a break in his youth. He was wrapped up in a dark coat and the electric blue scarf again, and seeing it made me feel queasy.

Alex set his empty glass down and looked at our intruder. Then he clocked my expression.

"Well, fancy meeting you here," Clyde said. "I was looking for you earlier, but when I stop looking, here you are. Things always turn up when you least expect them to."



"I'm not a lost object." I leaned forward and glared. "Don't think I didn't notice you following me this morning. This has got to stop. Harassment is a crime."

Clyde's gaze drifted to Alex, and he frowned. "Who's this? A new boyfriend?"

"I think I should be asking who you are," Alex said, "and whether it's necessary for me to take you down to the station."

you Clyde laughed. "You're dating a policeman!"

"This is my new sergeant," I said coldly. "He's Nina's replacement and my work partner. So be warned, Clyde. You won't catch me alone anymore."

He gave Alex a look that could have killed.

"What's it to be?" my sergeant asked. "Should I arrest you for harassment, or were you just leaving?"

Clyde placed his hands on the table and leaned forward so that he was mirroring me. We glared at each other for a long moment, a battle of wills. My stomach tightened.

He was the first to straighten up and turn away. "I'm not finished with you, Amber."

We watched him leave in silence. When the pub's doors slid shut behind him, my shoulders slumped.

"My ex-boyfriend," I explained. "Clyde Edwards, the journalist. Thank you for making him sod off."

"Does he want you back?" Alex asked.

I lowered my gaze to the table. "I don't know. He doesn't seem to know. He's nice one minute and looks like he might want to murder me the next. The only thing he keeps consistent is his harassment. When he's not messaging me, he's following me. I don't scare easily, but..."

"You should tell Dixon."

"He knows. Just before Christmas, I was leaving the station very late, alone. Clyde appeared and grabbed me. He said he wanted to talk about something, but it didn't feel right. Dixon left the station behind me and scared him off."

"Jesus." Alex blew out a long breath. "How under earth did you meet this guy?"

"He was normal when we were together, I swear. Anyway, I was about to punch him. That would have made him bugger off. It was all under control."

Alex raised an eyebrow. "Really?"

"Dixon keeps pestering me about it. I don't need you on my case, too."

"Why haven't you arrested him yet?"

"There's no point. I haven't got the time to be pressing harassment charges he'll just shake off."

And I didn't want anyone to pry into the reason why we'd broken up. It was a miracle that Clyde hadn't made it public knowledge yet, but surely he would if I did something to really piss him off -- like arrest him.

"Anyway," I said, "this was a great night before Clyde came along. But it's getting late now, and I need to go home and feed my cat."

"Let me walk you back. Just in case he's somewhere out there, waiting."

I hesitated.

"You don't live far away, do you? It's no problem. And you just told Clyde he'd never find you alone."

That was true.

"All right," I said. "Thank you."

We put our coats on and left The Silver Star together. The temperature had dropped outside, and I shivered and burrowed my hands in my pockets. "Does it get this cold in Rosek?"

Alex grinned. "We're the next city over, you know, not on the other side of Britain."

Rosek sometimes felt like the other side of Britain. I'd been so busy that I'd done nothing other than exchange a few messages with Nina about how she was getting on. Neither of us ever seemed to be available at the same time to make a phone call. I sighed.

felt Alex moved closer, bumping his bicep against my shoulder. "Rosek's a nice place. I'm sure Nina's fine."

My heart jumped. "I hope so."

We walked down the road, listening to the pulsing beats from nearby clubs mixing together in the darkness. Two teenagers were leaning against the wall of a boarded-up shop, kissing. People were shouting at each other on the platforms above us, and a can flew off and landed on the road. I curled my hands into fists, scanning the darkness for Clyde.

When we reached my street, Alex cleared his throat. "So, what are you going to do once you've fed the cat? Eat a load of chocolate?"

"Very funny. I'll probably just think about the investigation a little more and then go to bed."

That was a lie. I knew exactly what I was going to do, but it didn't make for great conversation.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 8


I was woken up by three things at five o'clock the next morning. The first was my earpiece buzzing on the bedside table. The second was my tabphone buzzing beside it. The third was Mitzy yowling along, standing on my feet like they were craggy rocks and she was howling to the moon.

"Shut up!" I groaned.

Flexing bruised knuckles, I stretched out a hand to grab my earpiece. When I'd put it on, the racket stopped. "Rames speaking. Who the fuck is this?"

"Alex." His tone was grave. "I'm sorry this is late, but the PRBs couldn't contact you again. We've been called out to a murder on Kings Road."

My stomach sank. "I'm on my way."

I threw on some clothes, fed Mitzy, and bolted out the door.

Kings Road was a backstreet just a minute's walk from Terra Road, lined by more grubby fire escapes than neon signs. Only street lamps pierced the darkness. At least it wasn't raining.

The crime scene was halfway down the street, marked by electro-tape. Alex and Cassia were already with the body. Cassia was issuing orders to her robot assistant, her examination finished. Alex was looking the other way, in the direction of the PRBs who were walking the scene.

I didn't need any gadgets to identify the victim. She was sprawled on her back against the wet concrete, rosy curls fanned around her face. Bryony Gold.

"Good morning," Cassia said. "It's nice of you to join us."

"Morning." I ignored her sarcasm and glanced at Alex. He was still miles away, so I cleared my throat.

His gaze swung to mine, his eyes haunted. I felt as if I was staring into something private, and we both looked away.

Bryony's throat had been slit, and the concrete glistened with her blood. Two PRBs approached with a trolley. Cassia's robot helped them put the girl in a body bag.

Cassia turned to me. "Both carotid arteries were cut again. I can tell you it was less than an hour ago, but I'm sure you'll get a better idea when you look at the time it was called in."

"Any clues about what she was doing down here?" I asked.

"I found a packet of crimson in her pockets."

That was a Class A drug. I sighed. "So she could have been buying it here. A drug deal gone wrong, maybe?"

"I thought you hated coincidences."

"Yes." I looked at Alex, realising that should probably be his line. He was still staring down the road. "Sergeant."

His gaze swung back to mine. "I asked Laney to call Jason Castle-Ackerman and break the news, but he's not picking up. Bryony's parents have been woken and informed."

"Good. Check in with Laney again in case she's had any luck now. I'll follow Cassia to the mortuary. We're not going to get a lot else done until the city wakes up."

Alex took himself off.

Cassia followed him with her gaze. "It's harder to look at a murder victim when they're so young. Bryony's, what, eighteen? Her life hadn't even started going anywhere."

Alex ducked under the electro-tape at the edge of the crime scene, and I released a long breath. "Yeah. Maybe that's what the matter is."

***

A few hours later, it was still dark, and I was standing in the mortuary with Cassia. While my sister had been performing the post-mortem, I'd discovered the exact time of the 999 Xplora call. Bryony had died a few minutes before half four. It gave me a much narrower timeframe for the alibis I'd need to gather.



Cassia had gone through everything with me, which wasn't much. No broken bones. No extra injuries at all, in fact, defensive or otherwise. No crimson in her system, but it was evident that she'd taken it plenty of times before.

My sister crossed the post-mortem room and washed her hands in an industrial sink. Her forensic suit had been replaced with scrubs. "Have you got in touch with the Castle-Ackerman boy?"

"Alex hasn't reported in." Which was worrying me. "I guess Jason's still asleep."

"Well, good luck." She dried her hands and drifted across the room towards the door. "I'll write this report up while I've got the chance. I'll have plenty more patients later this morning."

I shivered. "I've never understood how you can take bodies apart all the time. Or spend your day in here. It's cold. And gloomy."

"Gloomy?" She looked at the white walls and raised a sceptical eyebrow. "I think it's brighter than the station."

"I don't. The station's full of life -- I can see people through the glass. Live people."

"Your office isn't full of life. It's hardly got a thing in it, not even a picture."

office "Who would I have a picture of? Mitzy?" I spread my hands. "At least you have a husband's picture to hang up somewhere and look -- what?"

She'd winced. Now she lowered her gaze. "Maybe next time you come in here, I'll have bought some big, fluffy pillows for the dead to rest their heads on. I could nick the fuchsia ones Mom's got. That would brighten things up."

I treated her to my inspector's stare. Cassia was a beautiful woman, and her full lips and deep-set eyes gave her a naturally brazen look. She'd had no shortage of willing suitors during her life, but only one had caught her interest. She'd married him ten years ago at the age of twenty-three.

"How is Miles, anyway?" I asked.

"Great." Her voice was flat. "Your sergeant's behind you."

I whirled on my heel. Alex was pushing through the doors on the other side of the room. He stopped and frowned. "Am I interrupting something?"

I glanced over my shoulder. Cassia had gone.

"No." I raked a hand through my hair and turned back. "Please tell me you've got something after treating me to hours of radio silence."

"I've got you some one ," Alex said mildly. "Jason Castle-Ackerman. He's just settling into our custody suite. Some officers caught him buying crimson half an hour ago."

one ***

Dixon greeted us at the entrance to the custody suite, looking as if he'd been awake all night. "Jason Castle-Ackerman has been moved to Interview Room 1 and is refusing legal representation. He doesn't know about his girlfriend yet. Laney tells me he was arrested for possession of a Class A drug."

"Yes, sir," I said. "What about the dealer?"

"The drugs squad are still looking for him, but they don't know who he is. See if you can get a name out of Jason." Dixon stepped aside to let us past.

"Yes, sir." I was already trotting down the stairs.

Alex caught up with me in one second flat. "Are you going to tell him about Clyde?"

"Let's focus on the investigation for now. I'll ask the questions, you keep yourself pulled together."

He didn't say anything to that.

The interview rooms were glass cubes just like our offices, but you could only see in, not out. In Interview Room 1, Jason was sitting at a plastic table and sulking.



I pushed the door open and went in. "Hi, Jason."

He glowered.

We sat down, our movements watched by four discreet video cameras hidden in the room. For them and for Jason, I said, "This interview is being video-recorded and may be given in evidence if your case is brought to trial. We are in an interview room at Socrico Police Station on 29th December 2185. The time is 08:30. I'm Detective Inspector Amber Rames. The other police officer present is Detective Sergeant Alex O'Sullivan. Please state your full name and date of birth."

"Jason Castle-Ackerman," he grunted. "2nd April 2167."

"Jason, I will remind you that you have a right to legal representation."

"I don't want a solicitor."

"I will also remind you that you do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence." I sat back. "Where were you between four and four-thirty this morning?"

"Underworld Eclipse, waiting for Bryony. We were supposed to be meeting. She never showed."

Silence settled over us. I exchanged a glance with Alex. He looked away.

"I'm sorry, Jason," I said quietly. "Bryony Gold is dead. She was murdered on Kings Road this morning."

He gaped at me.

"Yesterday," I continued, "you discovered that she'd been cheating on you with your older half-brother, Maxx. I imagine you were very angry."

He blinked slowly. "Yeah. But she told me that it didn't mean anything. We sort of...smoothed things over. She's really...she's dead?"

"Yes. I'm sorry." I watched him for a moment. "Why were you planning to meet her at Underworld Eclipse in the early hours of a Thursday morning?"

He scrubbed a hand over his face. "We were supposed to go to our dealer together. We always did. Bryony took crimson too, you know?"

"We found a packet on her."

"That was...old." He glanced away. "I was still kind of mad at her, but we agreed to meet as usual to go. She's fun when she's on crimson. I thought we'd take it one more time together, and then I'd let her go for good."

"She didn't show up at Underworld Eclipse. Eventually, you gave up and left alone."

"Yeah."

"You met your dealer."

"Yeah."

"Is he just your dealer? Or does he have another connection to Bryony?"

Jason blanched. "No comment."

"It would be in your best interest to answer my questions. Crimson is a Class A drug. Maximum time in prison for possession is ten years. You certainly won't be receiving the minimum if you don't cooperate."

"Okay, okay!" Jason held his hands up. "She owes him money. She was always like that -- she was just with me because I'm rich, and she pick-pocketed the dealer for extra crimson a few weeks ago. They almost came to blows. I said I'd pay for it, but he wanted her money and hers alone."

Money: a motive for murder. Alex and I looked at each other again.

"What's the dealer's name?" I asked.

Jason shook his head. "He'll kill me if I give him up. Seriously. He's a violent man."

"Our drugs squad are on his tail. We'll get him sooner or later. But if you speed the process up, it might work in your favour. Remember those ten years, Jason." I shrugged, as if I didn't care either way. "When we get him, we'll tell him that you wouldn't so much as squeak. But it's your call."

He thought about it for a moment. Then he hung his head and sighed. "Novick. His name is Kaden Novick."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 9


We tracked Kaden Novick on my tabphone, and Alex relayed his location to everyone who was out looking. Eager to talk to him about murder, I decided we'd join the chase.

"He's on the move," I said to Alex and my earpiece as we left the station, entering the artificial winter sunlight. "Coming south, towards us."

Alex drew ahead, saying the same thing to the PRBs he was in contact with. A handful of them were taking off from the station roof behind us, flying beneath the concrete sky.

"Stay on the line," I said into my earpiece. Then, to Alex, "There are some officers on patrol near the area. They're closer than anyone from the drugs squad, so they're joining the search. Let's go."

We burst onto the high street, sprinting towards a tram that had just stopped. A group of people were huddled in front of the doors, waiting to get on. Alex pushed through them with his warrant card held up and climbed aboard. "Police!"

I jumped on behind him. "This is a matter of urgency! Go!"

The doors slammed shut, and the tram screamed away. I caught a glimpse of the people who'd been waiting, all looking pissed off. This wouldn't have been a first for them: in times of emergency, police transport was the trams. Only paramedics and fire fighters got independent vehicles. The streets were too narrow for anything more, and the risk of hitting people too great.

I paced in the limited space near the doors, listening to the patrolling officers on my earpiece. It sounded like they'd spotted Kaden Novick but were struggling to keep up.

"Don't let him out of your sight!" I barked. "Alex, they're near Nova Drive, still heading south. I want us to come down the other way and block him in, so we need -- "

" -- the next stop," Alex finished, thankfully familiar with the city now.

A minute later, the tram stopped. We jumped off, and I led the way down a narrow street hemmed in by scruffy blocks of flats. My earpiece came to life again as we pounded the tarmac. "...lost...turned the corner..."

"No!" I said. "Damn it! Alex, get onto the PRBs again."

We turned the corner and almost slammed into two teenagers coming the other way.

"Give them our location," I gasped. "Have them come in from the east and west. We'll trap the bastard in this area one way or another."

Alex tapped his earpiece and gave his commands. I scanned the area around us, trying to look with the precision of a robot. My sight was clearer with adrenaline pumping through me: I saw the cracks in the brick walls and shapes in the shadows between the buildings. But no suspect.

"Caught up!" my earpiece squawked. "Turned... Diamond Lane..."

We flew around the corner.

Kaden Novick was tearing towards us, his hood pulled down over his face. Two uniformed police officers were running a long way behind him.

A metal staircase leading to the walkways stood between us. Kaden glanced at it.

"Police!" I yelled, drawing ahead of my sergeant.

Kaden slowed, his eyes widening. I launched myself at him in a tackle.

His boot flew up. I twisted away, and it hit my shin. He sidestepped. I landed on the road alone.

As I rolled over, I heard the smack of a fist meeting skin and a yell. There was a flash of black in the corner of my eye, and Kaden shot past, up the metal stairs that would take him to the higher walkways.

Alex staggered backwards and caught the railing. His jaw was bloodied, the skin split. He pushed himself away and strode towards me.

"All right?" I asked.



He gripped my arms, pulling me to my feet. "Yeah. You?"

"Yeah." I took off again.

Alex followed me up the stairs. The two patrol officers were closer now, and the steps rattled as they climbed behind us. The walkway went up and up, staggered by long landings with twists and turns that would lead us back towards the high street.

Alex drew alongside me, and I had to take the stairs two at a time to keep up. "We need to get -- "

But he was already on it, telling the PRBs our current location.

We reached the first landing and shot past a mother and toddler sitting on a bench tucked into the corner. They gawped as the walkway shook. More steps rose ahead, and we sprinted up them.

The second landing branched off in different directions, towards the doors of the businesses that were level with us or twisting away to create more paths. I could see Kaden up ahead in his hoodie, forking to the right down a narrower section I knew well. He turned a corner and vanished.

"Dead end!" I drew my weapon.

Alex shouted at the PRBs in his earpiece, and we barrelled around the corner.

Kaden was coming back the other way, having seen his mistake. He slowed when he saw us, lifting his fists.

I raised my pistol. "Don't move!"

Kaden ignored me, turning around to see if the stone wall behind him had been a figment of his imagination. Four PRBs landed on the other side of the walkway to block him in.

He sighed loudly and raised his hands in the air.

I holstered my gun and strode towards his back. "Kaden Novick, I am arresting you for drug dealing, drug possession, and assaulting police officers." I took his wrists and cuffed them together. "You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."

Two PRBs came forward and gripped Kaden by the biceps. I turned around to lead our way back to the station, my breaths finally starting to slow. My shin was throbbing.

Alex was leaning against the railings, holding his jaw. He straightened up as I approached and offered me a pained smile.

I fell into step with him. "Not bad, Sergeant."

***

Once Kaden had been put in an interview room with a PRB on guard, we waited for a solicitor to arrive at the station. Alex searched for an ice pack, and I studied Kaden's criminal record. He'd been arrested on drug charges before, but always possession, never dealing. He'd either been lucky or the dealing was a recent thing.

"But what's your connection to Zoe?" I murmured.

Zoe didn't come up anywhere on his national profile, and she wasn't linked to his Xplora account in any way. There was also no indication in her post-mortem report that she'd ever taken crimson.

At least Bryony's finances matched up with Jason's story.

I was just shutting everything down when Alex returned, holding an ice pack. He opened the office door and leaned against it. "Solicitor's turned up."

"That was fast." I stood. "I'll question Kaden alone. I don't want his ego to get any bigger, and you walking in there with a bruise the size of a melon is just going to make him smug. Look at Bryony Gold's tabphone, and check Zoe's again too. Make sure she wasn't in the habit of talking to Kaden Novick."



"Zoe?" Alex looked down at me as I stopped in front of the door. "She wasn't a user. Her post-mortem testifies to it."

"I know, but check anyway. I don't want to leave any stones unturned."

Alex sighed and squeezed past me. His arm brushed against mine, and my heart jumped. Something crackled in the air between us.

I bolted from the office.

***

After a discussion with the solicitor, I sat down in the same interview room I'd not long spoken to Jason Castle-Ackerman in. Kaden Novick and the solicitor were opposite me. Kaden was sulking with even more ferocity than Jason had, staring down at his bloodied hands.

I went through my standard legal explanation, and then I dived into my questioning. "Where were you on the evening of Monday 26th December, between eight and ten?"

Kaden looked at his solicitor. The man nodded. I'd talked him through my suspicions about Kaden's involvement with the murders, and I'd let him know that Kaden's threats towards Bryony did not look good. His first defence was against a looming murder charge.

"The train station," Kaden said.

"Doing what?"

"Waiting for my supplier from Rosek."

"Has this supplier got a name?"

"Rex. I don't know his last name."

"Okay. We'll check the CCTV for the Rosek platform."

"You'll see me there, promise. After that, I was dealing."

I'd leave questions revolving around that to the drugs squad. "Where were you this morning between four and half-past? That's a little while before you went to see Jason."

"Meeting Rex again."

"At Socrico Train Station?"

"Yeah. He gave me some more supply."

"Didn't he do that on Monday?"

"Business around here is good."

"I assume there weren't any eyewitnesses to your exchange who can alibi you?"

Kaden shrugged. "Rex."

The testimony of a fellow drug-dealer was hardly going to stand up in court. I leaned back in my chair and scrutinised Kaden. "Did you know Zoe Ackerman?"

"Everyone knows her. She was in the news. She married her step-brother."

"But did you know her personally?"

Kaden shook his head. "The only person I deal with from that family is Jason."

"You also used to deal with Bryony Gold, his girlfriend. We know she was supposed to be meeting you, and we've looked at her financial accounts. She was saving like crazy. She owed you something, didn't she?"

"The bitch stole crimson off me." Kaden's lip curled. "I told her she'd have to pay up."

"What would you have done to her if she hadn't?"

"I wouldn't have killed her."

"What would you have done?"

would He looked away. "Don't know."

"Did Rex come with you to deal?"

"No. He went to the train station."

"Are you sure? He wasn't waiting in the wings to help you attack Bryony?"



"No!" Kaden raised his head, his hands curling into fists. "Try chasing him like a pack of hounds and ask him."

him ***

Back in our office, I found Alex glaring at two hovering tabphones and holding the ice pack against his jaw. He looked up without moving his head. "There are no messages from Kaden or anyone who could be him on either tabphone."

"Can you..." I stopped in front of his desk and hesitated. "Are you all right?"

He moved the ice pack and allowed me to see the bloodied bruise. I winced. It wasn't pretty.

"I've got a few things to ask the PRBs," I said. "Or try asking, anyway. Why don't you stretch your legs and go to Coffee Glitch? Get a medicoffee. Kaden really went at you -- I hope he didn't break your jaw."

Alex managed a smile. "I think I'd know if he had. But coffee would be nice."

"If Dixon catches you, they were my orders."

Alex left the office, taking the ice pack with him. I followed so that I could attempt to issue some orders to the PRBs.

Once I'd managed to get them looking for men named Rex in Rosek with drug convictions, I checked Kaden's national profile again. There was no link to anyone called Rex. No link on his Xplora page, either.

When I tried to close the pages, my tabphone froze.

I glared at it. "I don't have time for this!"

It responded by suddenly shutting down.

"What?" I held the power button, hoping it would turn back on. It didn't. "What are you doing? Fucking hell -- "

The office door clicked open. Alex entered, balancing the ice pack and two coffees in his hands. He'd obviously drunk some of his medicoffee on the way, because amusement had cleared his pained expression. There was no doubt he'd just heard me.

"That was quick." I straightened up and tried to adopt a calm demeanour.

He handed me a paper cup. "It was quiet in there for a few minutes. What's wrong with your tabphone?"

"I don't know. It froze and shut down. Stupid thing."

"I'll have a look. And I still need to look at your earpiece, remember."

"Oh, yeah." I touched it automatically. "Thanks. I'm going to see how the PRBs are getting on. We're trying to identify Kaden's supplier, just in case that has anything to do with anything." Although I wasn't hopeful.

The PRBs informed me that they'd got a name. Eventually, I managed to make them tell me what the name was. Rex Lukens. Lived in Rosek. Previous drug convictions.

I trotted back to the office in the hope that I could borrow Alex's tabphone to make a call, but my own was sitting on my desk again.

He looked up. "All fixed."

"Really? You're faster than the PRBs! What did you -- actually, don't answer that." I removed my earpiece and threw it across to him. "Work your magic on this."

Alex caught it. "Did you get the name of the supplier?"

"Yeah, Rex Lukens." I sat down behind my desk. "I'll video-call Nina and see if she can catch the bastard."

Although we rarely had the chance to talk in our own time, Nina picked up after just a few rings. She looked the same as ever: soft, brown eyes; smart office clothes; brunette hair plaited cutely and pulled over one shoulder, a school style that her girlfriend was always teasing her about. She smiled, showing off bronzed dimples. "Hi, Ambie."

"Hi." I smiled back, filled with warmth at the sight of her. It really had been too long. "How are you?"

"I'm good. I'm sorry we haven't had the chance to talk much." She stood up and closed her office door. Just like at our station, she was working in a small glass cube. "I suppose this is something work-related?"

"I was hoping you could do me a favour."

"Anything for you."

"We've got a Kaden Novick here, arrested for drug dealing. He could be linked with an investigation I'm leading. His supplier is Rex Lukens and he lives in Rosek. I was wondering if you could get hold of him."

"I'll do my best."

"Thanks. How are your cases going, by the way?"

"Probably better than yours. I haven't found any high-profile stiffs yet."

"You've seen it all over Xplora, then?"

"Yes, courtesy of Clyde." She pulled a face. "I might have time to call you tonight, so..."

"I'll tell you about it then," I promised.

"Okay. Well, I'd better sort this out for you." She bit her lip. "But I don't really want to end the call so soon. How's your new sergeant? Better or worse than me?"

"I can't say too much." I looked up and realised that Alex was watching me. "He's in the room right now."

"Can I meet him?"

Alex stood up and came around the back of my desk. He braced his hands on the surface and bent over so that Nina would be able to see him. "Hello."

"Wow. Hello."

I wasn't sure whether she was wowing at his good looks or his shiner, so I decided to go with the assumption that would bring about a safer conversation. "We're also charging Kaden for assaulting police officers."

"I'll be careful with his mate, then." Nina looked over her shoulder. "Oh, my governor's coming. Got to go. I'll call you when Lukens is in cuffs." She winked at me, and the screen turned black.

I stared at my tabphone for a long moment.

"She's nice," Alex said.

"Yeah." I sighed. "How's the earpiece?"

"Not fixable here." He held it out. "Remember to give it to me again before we leave today. I'll take it home and fix it there."

"You have tools at home? Colour me impressed. I can stop calling expensive repairmen every time something in my flat breaks." Grinning, I glanced at the time. Nine o'clock. A decent hour at last. "Finish your coffee. We need to check these alibis."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 10


Underworld Eclipse was the hottest club in Socrico. It was also closed for the morning, and the automatic doors at the front were locked. We found a fire escape around the side, guarded by a robot. It opened the door when we flashed our warrant cards, but I paused. "Do you know if Jason Castle-Ackerman was here this morning?"

It stared at me with eerie, bright blue eyes.

Alex translated. "Tell us if Jason Castle-Ackerman was here at oh four hundred hours today."

"I do not record our guests."

"Brilliant," I muttered. "Robots are fucking useless."

Alex ducked under its arm with a smile. I followed him.

The main lights in the club were still turned down, and strobe lighting was pulsing and flashing as if the party was still going on. Robots were sweeping rubbish on the dance floor or mopping up spilt drinks. One was behind the bar at the back, cleaning glasses. We approached it, the floor sticky beneath our shoes. When we reached the bar, I looked at Alex hopefully.

"Do you keep a record of the customers you serve?" he asked.

"I keep a file of all transactions made at the bar," the robot said.

"Tell us if Jason Castle-Ackerman was here at oh four hundred hours today."

The robot stood still, thinking -- or whatever they did. "Jason-Castle Ackerman purchased a Jägerbomb at 4:01 a.m. and 4:34 a.m."

That was him alibied, then.

***

Socrico Train Station was our next stop, to alibi Kaden Novick. Dark tracks looped around to the ground near the building, shining under the artificial lights high above us.

"I hate this station," Alex said. "It seems to have been designed so that no one should know where they're going."

I glanced at him. "Did you get lost in there when you came to us?"

He shrugged as we strode through the automatic doors. Men don't like to admit they're lost. Perhaps doing it once on the night we'd met had caused a big enough dent to his pride.

Still, it was easy to understand why he'd been turned around. The station was a mess of sleek pathways that lifted and curved and turned through the air, climbing over one another as they led people towards dozens of platforms, shops, restaurants, and meeting areas. They glistened white, constructed from a material like marble but as light as carbon.

I stared at the hologram boards near the ceiling, trying to hear myself think over the shouts of commuters and the screech of decelerating trains. Cities and platforms flashed on and off. Eventually, I caught sight of the day's designated area for Rosek. "Got it! Platform 10."

But where the hell was Platform 10?

"Can I help you?"

We turned around. A young man in uniform was standing behind us, dark-skinned and sporting a mop of curly, brown hair.

He smiled. "Niko Fowler. I work here."

"Inspector Rames." I showed him my warrant card. "This is Sergeant O'Sullivan. We'd like to see your CCTV footage from Platform 10 in connection with a murder inquiry."

"Oh! Of course." Niko trotted past us. "This way."

We followed him up one of the sloping, twisting paths. At the top, it flattened out to become a small mezzanine level housing shops, an information office, and a ticket kiosk. Ahead of us were a set of glass doors that led out to the platform, where a silver train was waiting like a double-headed bullet. Blacked-out windows stretched from floor to ceiling, giving the passengers a private, awe-inspiring view.



Niko took us behind the information desk and through a door at the back. We entered a large and cluttered office, and he sat down at the nearest desk. A dozen live videos were projected against the rear wall, but he tapped a tablet and they all vanished. "Platform 10. What date and time?"

"Monday 26th, between eight and ten at night. Sorry."

"Will you see what you're looking for if I double the speed?"

"Yeah, go ahead."

He played the relevant footage on fast-forward, and we watched clusters of passengers flash by. The trains moved so fast that I couldn't see them leave -- they'd be in the frame one moment and gone the next. I kept my eyes peeled for anyone who could have been Kaden.

When a man of roughly the same height and stature entered the frame at 8:36 p.m., wearing a hoodie, I clicked my fingers. "That's him."

Niko reduced the video to its ordinary speed. The man skulked at the edge of the frame with his hands in his pockets. He glanced around a few times, showing his face to the camera. He was definitely Kaden Novick.

At 8:45 p.m., another train came into the station. Kaden straightened. When the doors opened, he started to cross the platform. He had a brief chat with another hoodied man, and I almost missed them swapping items. Then the other man got back on the train. A minute later, it whizzed off, looping back around to Rosek. Kaden Novick left the frame. It was 8:49 p.m.

"Brazen," Niko commented.

"Try this morning," I said, "between four and half past."

Niko did. We watched a similar exchange happen at 4:09 a.m.

"That's not much of an alibi," I said. "After that, he was supposedly dealing, but we only have his word for it. And we're waiting on Rex Lukens."

"So what's our next move?" Alex asked.

"We'll hope the Castle-Ackermans are home again today -- and that they have something useful to add."

***

We were let into the Castle-Ackerman duplex by an unfamiliar girl holding a baby bottle. She looked the same age as Bryony, but she was wearing no make-up, and her mousy brown hair was pulled back in a mess that just about constituted as a ponytail. I guessed she was the babysitter even before she told us over the sound of ear-splitting wailing. She took us into the living room with a harried expression.

Maxx was holding the bawling baby while his mother paced at the other end of the room, shouting into her tabphone. Lynn was curled up at our end, her back to them, reading a romantic hoverbook. Or trying to, anyway: I didn't know how she'd be able to focus over all the noise.

"What do you mean, he doesn't want a solicitor?" Elena snapped. "We have the best solicitor in Socrico. He knows that."

The babysitter crossed the room and took Harley off Maxx. She plugged her mouth up with the bottle of milk, and the crying ceased. As she carried the baby out of the living room, an old memory stirred in my mind.

"First comes love," I murmured. "Then comes marriage. Then comes the baby in the baby carriage."

Then comes murder?

Then comes murder? Alex gave me a funny look. Hearing my mumbling, Maxx and Lynn glanced up. Elena stopped pacing. "What do you mean, he has a right to -- oh, forget it. Two of your officers are here now." She disconnected the call.

I raised my eyebrows. "Good morning. Sorry to bother you again."

"No, you're not." Elena sat down beside Maxx. "I assume you're here about Jason."



"No, actually. The investigation into his drug offence isn't ours. The investigation into Bryony Gold's murder, however, is."

Lynn put her book down.

Maxx paled. "Bryony's dead?"

"I don't see what that has to do with us," Elena said.

I really shouldn't have been surprised by her cold response, and yet I spoke through gritted teeth. "Everything. She was Jason's girlfriend and Maxx's playgirl. She was killed on her way to meet Jason at Underworld Eclipse."

"How?" Lynn asked quietly. Her eyes were wide.

"Her throat was slit on Kings Road between four and four-thirty this morning. I'd like to know where you all were."

"At four on a Thursday morning?" Elena frowned. "Asleep!"

"Given the nature of your son's activities, that answer is not as obvious as you seem to think."

Her gaze hardened into a glare, and it slipped past me to Alex. She looked at his bruise. "What were you doing at that time this morning?"

you "Waking up," Alex said, "because there'd been a murder. Your alibi, please, Mrs Ackerman."

"I was asleep!"

"With your husband?" I asked.

"Yes."

"Where is he?"

"Stretching his legs in the botanical garden. He'll be back soon enough for you to interrogate."

I looked at Lynn and Maxx. They said that they, also, had been asleep. Their expressions remained open and honest.

The problem was that if the whole family had been asleep, one of them could have risen and departed, unnoticed, at any time. Like Maxx.

I focused my attention on him. "When was the last time you saw Bryony?"

"She came here last night." He rubbed the back of his neck. "I broke it off with her."

"Because you'd been found out?"

"Because I didn't want to betray Zoe any longer!" His hands closed into fists. "I wanted to make amends."

"It's a bit late for that," Elena said cattily.

"How did Bryony take the break-up?" Alex asked.

"She...wasn't happy." Maxx pressed his lips together.

"She didn't want to let go?"

"She refused to let go."

refused Elena glared at him, and he shut his mouth.

Lynn glared at them both. "Don't complain. You deserved each other. I wish Zoe had married Ryker and never bothered with you!"

I cleared my throat. "What do you mean by Bryony refusing to let go, Maxx?"

refusing I could see it all playing out before me now: Maxx cutting the ties that were holding him back from gaining Gem's affection. Perhaps it was first comes murder, then comes marriage...

first comes murder, then comes marriage... "She took the break-up hard and swore she'd carry on seeing me," he said. "She thought I'd come to my senses."

"But you weren't going to come to your senses, because you still fancy Gem."

Maxx's head jerked back. "How do you know her name?"

"I happen to be friends with Gem Robinson." I had to work hard not to curl my hands into fists. "She complained to me that she was being harassed. If you go near her again -- "

The front door slammed. Dress shoes clicked down the hallway. "Elena?"

"In here," she said.

I turned around just as Daniel Castle arrived on the threshold, unbuttoning his long coat. He stopped short at the sight of me, then recovered his smile. "Good morning, Inspector. Are you here about Jason?"

"Bryony," I corrected, none too gently. None of the Castle-Ackermans seemed to have been attached to any part of the girl other than her sex organs. "We're here about Bryony Gold. She's been murdered."

"Oh," Daniel said. He unwound his scarf and draped it over the sofa.

"Where were you this morning between four and four-thirty?"

"In bed, asleep." His gaze drifted past me and landed on Alex's bruise. "Ouch."

"He got that arresting the man your son was dealing with," I said. "Kaden Novick. Does that name ring any bells?"

Everyone in the room shook their heads.

"What about Rex Lukens?"

One by one, everyone in the room shook their heads again.

***

"There's no connection," Alex said as we left.

I shoved my hands in my pockets. "We don't know that until we talk to Rex Lukens. And we have another lead: Maxx tried to dump Bryony, but he couldn't shake her off. She was baggage, and she was basically threatening to stalk him. There was only one way to cut the ties and continue pursuing Gem. First comes murder, then comes love, then comes marriage."

Alex frowned at me. "What under earth are you talking about?"

"The Kissing Song! Did you grow up under a rock?"

"I think you grew up on the surface. What's the Kissing Song?"

"Well, it starts off with a tree, and then -- "

"Aren't you going to sing it?"

I stopped and stared at him. Then I scowled. "You bloody well know what the Kissing Song is! You're just winding me up."

He grinned. "I thought I might get to hear you sing. A man can dream."

"A man can have nightmares -- my voice sounds like a dying robot. It's best not to go there." I smiled sweetly. "Although if you insist..."

He winced. "I think I've changed my mind now."

"Good. Let's get serious, then. Our next person of interest is your favourite suspect and Bryony's employer. Maybe he'll play nice and let us have a look around without a warrant."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 11


We entered the world of darkness and green holograms that was Ryker's Repairs without knocking. When my eyes had adjusted to the gloom, I saw Ryker James sitting at the back, watching us with a dismantled tabphone in his hands. He was silent.

"You know," I said eventually.

"I saw an article on Xplora." His voice was gruff. "You've come to talk to me about her."

"Yes," Alex said. "And we'd like to look around the workshop in case there's something belonging to her that could help."

Smooth.

"She had a little workspace, but she spent more time observing than helping." Ryker stood up and came to us, rapping the nearest table. "Here. I don't know if she put anything in the drawers."

Alex snapped on a pair of black nitrile gloves and opened a drawer. At a glance, I saw lipstick, a hair bobble, and a safety pin. Not very helpful.

Something crashed in the back of the workshop. Ryker sighed. "Indium!"

"When did you last see Bryony?" I asked.

"Yesterday, when you took her away."

"Did she seem nervous before that? Afraid?"

"No. She was absolutely fine."

"Did you know that she was taking crimson?"

He looked away, flexing his metal fingers. "I suspected it. But she never kept any here as far as I'm aware."

"For your sake, I hope she didn't. Do the names Kaden Novick or Rex Lukens mean anything to you?"

"No."

"Kaden Novick was her dealer. She was walking to meet Jason Castle-Ackerman so that they could visit him when she was murdered on Kings Road. I have to ask where you were between four and four-thirty this morning."

"At home, asleep." He treated me to a long, hard stare. "And no, no one can testify to that. Like I've said, I live alone."

Alex slammed the second desk drawer shut. "Nothing of interest in there. We'll have to search the whole premises to be sure she hasn't left anything lying around that could help us."

"No." Ryker folded his arms across his chest. "I know how this works. You'll tear the whole place apart and leave me to clear up the mess."

"This is important, sir," I said. "Your employee has just died."

"If it matters to you that much, get a warrant." He turned away. "But you'll be wasting your time. You should be looking at Maxx."

"Your ex-fiancée was murdered mere feet away from your shop," Alex said. "Bryony was your employee."

Ryker glared at my sergeant, hot fury rolling across his face. "You're trying to goad a confession out of me, but it won't work, because I didn't do it. Get out of here."

***

Applying for a warrant to search Ryker's Repairs was the first thing we did when we got back to the station. We applied for one to search his flat too, just to cover all bases. Alex was pleased.

I was pleased when my tabphone rang. Nina was requesting a video-call.

I "Got him!" were the first words she said when I answered.

Alex pulled his chair over to my desk so that we were sitting side by side, both watching her.

"Rex Lukens?" I confirmed.

"Yeah. He's in an interview room, ready for me to take the tabphone through and get you to chat. That is, if you're okay with me being present, too? It's just that my governor would rather I was, seeing as he's our criminal."



"You know I don't mind," I said. "Take us to him."

Nina stood up and left her office, identical to ours. She carried her tabphone through a glass police station. None of us said anything for a good few minutes until she arrived in the interview room.

She introduced herself to Rex, the camera still facing her, and went through the usual spiel of explanations. Then she finally released her tabphone and turned it in the air so that Rex could see us and we could see Rex.

He was a man about our age, with dark hair and a dark scowl. I talked, while Alex brooded with a similar expression. I imagined that his jaw was killing him again by now, but he'd abandoned the ice pack.

"You dealt with Kaden Novick this morning at 4:09 a.m.," I began. "Near Underworld Eclipse?"

"Yes," Rex spat.

"And you dealt with him on Monday, 8:45 p.m., at Socrico Train Station."

"Yes."

I was surprised that he was playing along. "Do you know Bryony Gold or Zoe Ackerman?"

He sat up straighter, morbid interest lighting his eyes. "I've seen the news about them on Xplora. They've been murdered, right?"

"Please answer my question, Mr Lukens."

"Nah, I didn't know either of them."

I pushed him more, dragging out the specifics about his movements in the hours of the murders and his dealings with Kaden Novick. But he had nothing helpful to say. On top of our non-existent physical evidence, he seemed to be a dead end.

I cleared my throat. "Nina?"

"Who are you getting your supply from?" she asked.

your Rex squirmed. Nina said nothing. An uncomfortable minute passed.

"Well, in that case..." Nina pushed her chair back. "Looks like it's just you who'll get the punishment for this. Everyone else will get off scot-free. Lucky them."

She snatched her tabphone out of the air and turned us away.

"Charlie!" Rex said.

Nina turned back. "Full name?"

Once she'd bled enough information from him to put another drug dealer in prison, she finally ended the interview.

"What do you think?" she asked us as she carried her tabphone back to the office.

"You make a great inspector," I said. "Although we haven't seen hide nor hair of your sergeant. Where is he?"

"Doing something else for me." Nina smiled. "Don't worry, I keep him busy. Anyway, you know what I meant. What do you think?"

I exchanged a look with Alex. He shook his head. "I don't think Lukens has anything to do with the murders."

"Neither do I," Nina said, pushing her office door open.

"Neither do I," I added. "So we're just waiting on the warrants for Ryker."

***

We passed the afternoon catching up on our electronic paperwork and conducting a useless video-interview with Bryony Gold's parents. Ryker's search warrants finally came through as the day was starting to dim. We sent a team of PRBs to his flat and accompanied another team to his workshop.

When we arrived, he was still sitting at the back of the room. He looked up as we entered and clocked the PRBs with a frown. "So you really do mean to turn my workshop upside down."

I presented him with the warrant. One of the PRBs escorted him outside and stayed there to supervise him. The other two got to work.

We put gloves on and did the same. I started off by going through the drawers of the nearest table that hadn't been Bryony's. Alex followed me and shuffled through what was on the surface.

"First comes murder," he muttered. "Then comes love, then comes marriage...I'm not sure that fits Ryker."

"It fits Maxx." I rummaged through batteries, diagrams, and random nuts and bolts that would probably mean something to Alex but all looked the same to me.

"Yes, so you keep pointing out," he said. "But for Ryker, it's first comes love, then marriage -- well, it was supposed to be marriage. Harley would have been his baby, too. So the rhyme finishes with murder."

"Maybe." I shut the drawers and moved on to the next workspace. Here I found more diagrams and a collection of spanners in dozens of different sizes. Alex looked through diamond drill tips and the tabphone we'd seen Ryker working on earlier. Bored and disappointed, we left the rest of the desks to the PRBs and entered the back room.

It was hardly bigger than a cupboard, but it was lit up crudely with fluorescent bulbs like the dark workshop should have been. The contrast was so extreme that I had to squint. Between my eyelashes, I saw another metal table standing against the back wall, bearing an old kettle, plain ceramic mugs, and a tabphone charging pad. Boxes were stacked around the rest of the space, labelled with pictures of spare gadget parts. Indium the robot was rummaging through one, quite unaware that it was not business as usual in the workshop.

I shuffled further inside and switched half the lights off so that I could see. This action drew the attention of Indium, and it turned around and assessed me with eerie, blue eyes. "Who are you?"

"Detective Inspector Rames, Socrico Police. I've been in a few times."

"Indium," Alex said, "find Ryker."

It glanced around the storeroom as if it hadn't realised he wasn't right there. Then it walked out.

"That might occupy it for a while," I mused. "Do you think it'll realise Ryker's outside?"

Alex grinned. "Probably not. We'd better get on with this before it has a breakdown."

I went to the box Indium had been looking through, filled with tiny coils resting on strips of tissue paper as packaging protection. I plunged my hands in and extracted the coils in one fist. Then I rummaged around in the paper, feeling if there was anything hidden underneath.

Nothing.

"Amber," Alex said.

I turned around.

He'd pulled open the table drawers, and now he was holding up a knife.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 12


"Ryker, I will remind you of your right to legal representation," I said. "I will also remind you that you are not under arrest and may leave at any time."

He nodded, his expression dark.

"Why have we just discovered a boot knife at your workshop?"

We were sitting in an interview room at the police station. Dixon had video-called Cassia, and they were currently comparing the blade to the wounds that had been inflicted on both victims. If it matched the length and design of the murder weapon -- and I already knew it was close -- it would be sent away to be analysed for blood, DNA, fibres...anything that could link Ryker to the crimes.

He shrugged. "You know they also call it a gambler's dagger? I got it after the fight outside Victory Casino. But in the end, I decided not to cause any more trouble with the law. I've never carried it on me."

Carrying fixed-blade knives was illegal.

"Where were you on Monday 26th December between eight and ten at night?" I asked.

He sighed. "We've already been through this. Victory Casino."

"The man who owns it says you weren't there. He doesn't know you."

"That's exactly what I told you he'd say. Look, if Felix was open with the police, you'd be storming the place all the time. Fights break out, knives are pulled, drugs are dealt, people are sexually harassed. But if it happens on the premises, it doesn't get reported. That's the rule. He probably thought admitting I was there would get him into trouble for something."

"You're lying," Alex said. "You weren't there. We know Zoe Ackerman jilted you...and your criminal record testifies to your violent streak."

"This again." Ryker sighed. "I was acting in self-defence."

"That's not the way the court saw it. You were sentenced for ABH."

"The guy came at me with a knife. I didn't just want him to go down -- I wanted him to stay down. For my safety."

"Then he shot you," I murmured.

Alex glanced at me. I looked away and sipped the water I'd brought in. Ryker's past was too closely linked to my own, and it made me uncomfortable.

Ryker flexed his metal hand. "Yeah. Another punishment on top of everything else."

"Then when Harley Ackerman was born, it was the final straw," Alex said.

Ryker looked up. "What?"

"Jealous and angry, you took the chance to kill Zoe Ackerman when you saw her approaching your shop. Then Bryony found the knife. Maybe she threatened to turn you in. You silenced her."

There was something I didn't like about the knife. We'd asked Ryker for permission to search his premises hours ago. He'd been given plenty of time to hide the blade while we'd been waiting for the warrant, but he hadn't worried about it. He possibly hadn't even thought about it.

It hadn't been significant to him.

He was glaring at Alex now, but his mouth was slack. "Why do you think that? I was never jealous of Zoe and Maxx -- or their damn baby! I was only..."

"Betrayed," Alex finished. "So, let's go back to Bryony. What was your relationship with her outside of work?"

"There wasn't one." Ryker's gaze drifted to me, and he added without malice, "Inspector, you're quiet."

Alex looked at me again.

I was about to take back control of my interview when someone knocked on the door. It opened, and Dixon stuck his head in. "Can I have a word?"



"This interview is suspended," I said to Ryker and the cameras.

Alex and I joined Dixon in the corridor. His expression was grim. "I don't have the news you were hoping for."

"The knife isn't a match, sir?" I asked.

"No. And the PRBs have just returned from Ryker's flat empty-handed." Dixon spread his own. "You don't have the evidence to charge him. You'll have to let him go."

***

Ryker left the station. We left not long after him. I wished we were going straight home, but we still had a problem on our hands. Where had Ryker been on Monday night?

Victory Casino was a ten-minute walk from his workshop, but a longer jaunt from the station. We rode a tram to a quieter, dingier neighbourhood, then covered the last bit on foot. Alex brooded the whole way, his eyes dark.

The casino was marked by a neon green sign on the ground floor of a grubby skyscraper, considerably meek compared to the bigger lights around it. An automatic door rattled open slowly as we approached.

We entered a dark room with a low ceiling and stood still on a rotting carpet. Gambling machines glowed in the dark, and men bustled around card tables. They smoked, dealt, or rolled the dice. A few security guards in t-shirts watched over the activity while waiters ferried drinks and strippers danced. Slot machines span and bleeped. Stools screeched. Tinny music seemed to seep from the walls.

I side-stepped to avoid a woman who was wearing so much floral perfume that it foreshadowed her movements, and I bumped into another man who was coming in behind us. Before I knew it, he'd spun me around and was putting his hands on my breasts. "Well, aren't you a sweetheart?"

His breath stank of beer, and my muscles locked in place. Sweat trickled down my neck.

Alex shoved the man back. I reckoned that if my assailant had been smaller, he would have hit the wall and bounced off it like a pendulum. Alex practically snarled. "We're the police."

I recovered my wits and peered around him. "We don't want any trouble, but if you're wise, you'll point us to the man in charge. Felix, right?"

My assailant was turning purple, his gaze fixed on Alex. It wasn't until I'd flashed my warrant card that I finally got his attention.

"Police," I repeated. "Tell us where the bloody hell Felix is, or I'll charge you for sexually assaulting an officer."

The man wisely got his ass into gear.

Felix was in an office at the back of the hall, which was basically a cubbyhole filled with takeaway rubbish. As we entered, he lifted his feet off the desk and sat up, startled. He looked just as beady-eyed as I remembered from our video-call. "What the fuck are you doing here?"

"We're done playing games." I put my tabphone on the desk, a photo of Ryker on screen. "This man is a regular. Do you know him?"

The idiot who'd felt me up came closer. "That's Ryker James! What's 'e done?"

"Get out, Bill!" Felix glared at him, then us. "This is a respectable establishment. I don't want the police poking around."

"Tough shit," I said. "We're here. Tell us whether Ryker was here on Monday night between eight and ten, and we'll walk out again."

Ryker Felix threw his hands up. "Yes, he was here. He came as soon as he finished work, and he didn't leave until...probably after midnight. I have CCTV to prove it. Does that make us done here?"

"Yes." I picked up my tabphone. "Although I expect you to send that footage to the Socrico Police Xplora account immediately. Goodbye."

We showed ourselves back out the office and crossed the casino floor to the exit. Bill was sitting at a nearby card table now, and he leered at me as we passed. Alex glared daggers at him.



"My hero," I joked when we were outside. "You can take off your shining armour now. We're done for the day."

He surveyed me, his eyes still dark. Then he held out his hand. "Your earpiece."

"Oh, yes." I passed it to him. "Thanks. You know Ryker's not a suspect anymore?"

"You say that like my pride is going to take a beating."

"Isn't it?"

A flicker of a smile passed over his face. "I'll ignore that. Goodnight."

"Goodnight."

We parted ways. I stopped at Ace's on my way home and did some proper shopping, remembering to read the instructions on the glass containers. When I managed to get everything I wanted, I felt proud.

Once I was home, I put it all away and fed Mitzy. Then I showered, swapped my contact lenses for glasses, and padded through to the living room. I'd left my leather jacket in there, and my tabphone was buzzing. I fished it out and saw a message from Clyde. Are you really dating your sergeant?

Are you really dating your sergeant? I blushed and decided to ignore it. Considering that such a thing would be illegal, it was quite a rude accusation. And that, I decided, was the reason why it made my heart flutter.

Another message arrived before I'd locked my tabphone. This one was from Nina. Free to talk?

Free to talk? My response was to call her.

She popped up on my screen with a big smile, and seeing it made me smile too. She'd released her dark hair from its plait so that it tumbled around her shoulders in bouncy waves, and she was sitting in what must have been her new bedroom. "Hi! First of all, can we talk about how fit your sergeant is? Like, wow! He's seriously hot. If I wasn't all the way over here with Erin..."

My heart fluttered again, but I laughed. "I wanted to ask you about your sergeant, actually."

"He's very serious, but he's good at what he does. I think he's been a sergeant longer than I've been in the police!"

"That's good. I miss you, though."

"I miss you, too." Nina's smile grew. "But surely you can't complain about the artwork you get to admire every day now I've gone."

"Hmm." I liked it much more than I should have done. "I'm glad you're getting on okay. Remember how stilted our partnership was at first?"

"I was a bit awkward, wasn't I?"

was "It's strange how much energy was lurking beneath that shy exterior," I teased.

She rolled her eyes. "Tell me about your investigation."

Fuck forgetting everything.

Fuck forgetting everything. I told her all that I could, although I was careful to leave out the actual names of my suspects. She listened intently, her eyes bright and her lips sealed. It took me a good twenty minutes.

When I'd finally finished talking, she said, "Interesting. It sounds like you have all the bases covered. You've just got to keep on digging. You'll get deep enough in the -- "

The buzz of the doorbell interrupted her.

"Alex O'Sullivan is here," it announced. "May he come in?"

My mouth turned dry. "Alex? What's he doing here?"

I used my tabphone to access the camera in my door. Sure enough, Alex was standing there, the bruise on his jaw almost as dark as his trench coat. He was holding my earpiece.



When I returned to my calls, Nina had ended our conversation. I could imagine her grin as she'd disconnected.

"Come in," I said through the intercom. Then I threw my tabphone down and went into the hallway to see my sergeant.

He was still outside my open door, waiting for me. He smiled when I emerged. "I thought I might as well give you this back now. It's working again."

"Thank you." I took the earpiece. "That was quick! I didn't realise you were such a tech whiz until today."

"And here I am with you as my governor." His smile widened.

I smiled back, my knees turning weak. I suddenly wished there was some reason for me to invite him in -- that it was raining, or it was cold out there. But he was standing in a warm corridor.

Our smiles faded. An awkward silence fell over us.

I supposed I could offer him a cup of tea, but it seemed a bit late in the day. So before I knew what I was doing, I said, "Why don't you come in and stay for dinner?"

He frowned, and I braced myself for a refusal. I shouldn't have asked. Dinner was intimate and inappropriate.

But then his gaze caught mine, and something in his eyes sent a shiver across my skin.

"I'd like that," he said.

My heart thumped. "Great. It will be nice to have company. Come in and shut the door behind you." It would lock automatically. "And chuck your coat in the living room."

I led the way to the kitchen. Mitzy had taken herself off, and everything was tidied away. But I became acutely conscious of the fact that I didn't have a table.

I really should have thought of that before I invited him in.

I really should have thought of that before I invited him in. He entered behind me, sweeping his gaze across the room. He registered the punch bag, but that wasn't what he commented on. "I didn't realise you wore glasses."

"My eyes are yet another thing that don't cooperate with me." I smiled wryly. "Is carbonara okay for dinner?"

"Chocoholic and pastaholic?"

"I do eat other things, you know! I can cook something else...?"

"No, pasta's good." He glanced around. "Have all your chocolate bars gone now?"

"They're just hidden away. I'm not that bad!" I started taking the ingredients out my cupboards.

"Is there anything I can do to help?"

"Work out how I'm supposed to use my coffee machine," I said on a whim, pointing at the alien device that was shoved into the corner. "That will be a challenge for you."

He looked bemused, but he squeezed past me and went to it. "I remember you mentioning this."

"It hates me."

Alex switched the coffee machine on and was immediately treated to a demonstration of what I meant.

"Good morning," it said. "You have missed a reminder to 'Make coffee' and 'Buy Christmas present'. What would you like me to do today?"

"Adjust your clock, for starters," Alex said.

"Let me check: I should set a reminder to 'Adjust clock'. When would you like this reminder to be set?"

"Never."

"Oh," said the coffee machine.

By the time Alex had made it bend to his will, I was dishing up the carbonara.



"It's not just you." He put two mugs of coffee on the counter. "It's been programmed terribly. I'm surprised you bought it, given your track record."

"It was a Christmas present from my father. I think I'll stick to visiting Coffee Glitch each morning."

"You have missed a reminder to 'Buy Christmas present'," the coffee machine chirped.

Alex switched it off. "I don't blame you. Do you want me to set the table?"

I realised that he thought my poky flat must contain a dining room. "I guess you can set the coffee table. That's the only table I have. Sorry."

"It's fine."

He took some cutlery and our mugs into the living room while I finished dishing up. When I carried our plates through and joined him, he was sitting on the furthest sofa. Mitzy had put in a sudden appearance and was trying to climb into his lap. He fended her off with an expression that suggested he was trying to keep a hellhound at bay.

I crossed the room, swapping dinner for the sadistic hairball. "Not a fan of cats?"

"She surprised me," he said lamely.

His expression relaxed once I'd shut Mitzy outside, and I settled on the other sofa with a grin. "Your fear of cats isn't why you left Rosek, is it?"

"I'm not afraid. I'm just not keen on them."

"Whatever you say."

"I left Rosek because there was a case that hit close to home. Once it was over, I decided it was time to get away." He paused to shovel some pasta into his mouth. "This is really good."

I hoped that wasn't just a topic-changer. "Thanks. Do you cook?"

"Sometimes. When I'm not working late on my investigations."

I smiled. "A fellow workaholic. No sports?"

"I go for a walk sometimes -- but not in the pitch black and rain." His eyes narrowed. "You never told me why you were walking around the city before dawn the other day."

"I'd just come off a short operation. Sebastian asked me to arrest someone for him." I touched my own bruise, so much smaller and paler than Alex's; hardly there at all. "Sebastian's charged him now for raping and shooting a young girl."

I shrugged the topic of conversation off again, but I saw in Alex's face that he understood. Even as a seasoned homicide detective, some days were hard. Death would never stop meaning something.

We both thought on that for a moment. Then Alex said, "You didn't talk much last night. Tell me about the good investigations you worked with Nina."

I pressed my lips together, trying to recall even one that wouldn't be a repeat of anything he'd done before. "I'm not sure where to start...but if Nina was here, she'd pick a favourite out of all the others easily. She met her girlfriend while we were investigating a murder."

"Really?"

"Erin's a private investigator, and she'd been hired by the victim a week before to track down her missing husband. Only, it eventually turned out that her client -- our victim -- had actually killed him a few months before and was just taking great pains to look innocent."

"So who killed her ?"

her "The son, after he found his father's body in the loft of their duplex."

I regaled him with the proper details of the investigation, skipping over how many times I'd had to nag Nina because she'd been so distracted by beautiful Erin. Alex chipped in here and there, interested in all the evidence we'd gathered.

We talked long after we'd finished eating, our conversation drifting to the British police in general. Eventually, Alex's tabphone buzzed. He glanced at it, and his eyebrows shot upwards. "I didn't realise it was so late."

I looked, too. It was almost nine. "Oh, God. I'm sorry I've kept you for so long."

"No, no, it's fine."

I scrambled off the sofa, and we took our washing-up into the kitchen. I dumped my stuff in the dishwasher and turned to take Alex's plate from him, but he was already leaning over the appliance to do it himself. Our hands bumped. I flinched back, afraid of what I would feel.

"Sorry." He straightened up and added his mug to the higher rack, which put his face closer again. Then he caught my gaze and stilled like a deer.

I drank in the detail of him, my gaze flitting across stubble and tanned skin, cuts and bruises, until it rooted to his lips. My heart bashed out a furious tattoo in my ears.

His breathing hitched. He could feel the same thing.

And then he turned away. "I should go now."

Disappointment and relief warred in me. "Yes. Good idea."

We hastened into the hallway. He stopped to retrieve his coat from the living room, and as he put it on, he looked at me again. It was just a glance, but his eyes still had a devastating effect.

I closed mine. We were inspector and sergeant, superior and subordinate. Just kissing him would be illegal.

Don't ever kiss him.

Don't ever kiss him.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 13


I tossed and turned that night, thinking of Alex, then the investigation, then Alex again. In the morning, I bought two double espressos at Coffee Glitch instead of one, despite my vow to keep him off my mind. And I was ridiculously pleased when I reached our office and saw that he'd also been thinking of me.

"That's a lot of cookies." I put a coffee cup on his desk and eyed the packet of chocolate chip cookies in front of him. My heart somersaulted.

Because of the chocolate, obviously.

"Yes," he said. "I thought you might want a chocolate fix."

"I can have some? Thanks." I scooped up a large handful and carried them over to my desk, where I felt relatively safer. Slinging my bag off, I crammed one in my mouth. "Delicious."

He watched with an eyebrow raised. "I'm glad you think so."

I swallowed and picked up my coffee. "I have a plan of action for this morning. We have two remaining explanations for the murders."

"Two?"

"Yes." Deciding it my was magic number, I picked up two more cookies and paused between my sentences to eat them. "The first explanation is the one I favour: Maxx is the murderer. He killed the two women who were holding him back from having a chance with Gem."

Alex still didn't look convinced. "And the second explanation?"

"An avenue we haven't really gone down. Elena Ackerman hated Zoe, and she hated Bryony. Now they're both dead. Elena was in the room when we confronted Maxx about his affair with Bryony -- then Bryony was killed less than twenty-four hours later. Could it be that she's trying to salvage the family image? First she got rid of the wife who was his step-sister. Then she got rid of the eighteen-year-old he'd been sleeping with."

"She was alone when Zoe was murdered," Alex said thoughtfully. "Supposedly in the botanical garden, but she could have been anywhere."

"And she could have slipped out while Daniel was sleeping to kill Bryony." I dusted crumbs off my hands. "I want to talk to her again."

***

"This is harassment," Elena Ackerman said as we sat down, alone, in the home office. The workstations didn't seem to have been touched, and all the bizarre robots were frozen in the same positions, backs open, wings spread, strange assortment of eyes watching us. I suppressed a shiver.

"We could escort you down to the station, if you prefer," I replied. "But we won't take up very much of your time if we just talk here."

"Collectively, you're taking up a lot!"

"Mrs Ackerman, you've confessed your distaste for Zoe and Bryony. Both are now dead. Do you still stand by your alibis?"

Her face hardened. "Of course I do. As I've said, Zoe and I simply didn't give each other the time of day. There was nothing proactive in our uneasy relationship."

"What about Bryony Gold- Digger ?"

Digger "I let her know that we were all aware she was with Jason for his money and that no one liked her. I did not go out of my way to make her feel welcome in the household. That's all."

"She was given automatic access to your home."

"That was Jason's doing. Not mine." Elena smiled. "He's here, by the way. He's been released on bail, and our solicitor is confident that he'll destroy your drug accusations in court."

"They're not my accusations," I said. "I'm here to talk about murder. How did Bryony and Jason meet?"

"They both studied English Literature at Socrico University. I imagine they met at their lectures."



"Jason didn't tell you?"

"Of course not. He's an eighteen-year-old boy. Why would he tell me anything?"

I shrugged. "He brought Bryony to meet the family."

"Yes." Elena frowned. "They'd only been seeing each other for a week when she first came. She looked at everything like she was imagining how much she could sell it for. Her intentions were written all over her face."

"I suppose that's when you Christened her Bryony Gold-Digger."

"Yes," Elena said crisply.

Alex only appeared to be half-listening, and there was distant look in his eyes. I thought again of his vague reason for leaving Rosek. A case that had hit close to home...

I hoped he wasn't going to bugger off after this one.

"What about Zoe?" I asked Elena. "Why didn't you get along with her?"

She shrugged. "Our personalities clashed, I suppose. You know she wasn't my child?"

"She was from Daniel's previous relationship."

"Yes, and she made a point of keeping that at the forefront of her mind. She acted as if she was leagues above the Ackerman family until sometime between the birth of Lynn, and Maxx reaching puberty. She didn't like my partnership with Daniel until then. She thought her father was too good for me."

"Partnership?" Alex repeated, startling me.

"Our marriage. It was arranged by our parents so that Ackerman Electronics and Castle Robotics, both each other's greatest rivals, could come together like sister companies instead of destroying each other."

"That's very old-fashioned," I said.

"Yes, like a Medieval lord marrying his daughter off to prevent a war. That touch of history is as romantic as my relationship with Daniel has ever been."

"You told us that you sleep in the same bed when you alibied each other."

"Sex isn't romance, Inspector, although marrying Daniel is a beneficial arrangement beyond a business partnership. Aside from our personal benefits, my parents also wished for me to create a larger family than Maxx -- more heirs. Daniel was lonely after his divorce, so that also suited him. He enjoys being a family man."

"You don't," Alex said.

"Daniel was better with them when they were small and supposedly cute. I enjoy having them around now that they're older."

"You mean that you enjoy having useful heirs," Alex corrected. "Maxx and Jason work at Ackerman Electronics."

Elena smiled without any warmth. "Yes, they are useful. I will be the first to admit that I am not a loving mother, but it's hardly a crime."

"What you choose to do as an unloving mother might be." I drew myself up straighter. "What would you say is at the centre of your universe, Mrs Ackerman? The businesses?"

do "The business."

"Singular?"

"I think of Ackerman Electronics and Castle Robotics as one. Last year, Daniel and I discussed finally merging them under the name Castle & Ackerman. But then Zoe Castle became Zoe Ackerman, much to the disgust of the nation, and we knew that to unify our companies would be to destroy the last shreds of our reputation."

"How did you react when you heard she was marrying Maxx?"

Elena pursed her lips. "I asked Zoe to move out immediately."



"Daniel let that happen?"

"He was at work. By the time he came home, she'd gone."

"I bet he was really happy to discover that you'd kicked his daughter out onto the streets."

"Onto the streets?" Her eyebrows rose. "Not as a Castle! The Ackermans and the Castles were millionaires in their own rights before we joined. She'd rented a flat by the time the lights had turned off. Maxx moved in with her the next day."

"And the threat of your reputation being destroyed was carried out," Alex said.

Elena pursed her lips. "Yes. They'd grown up as family. When Daniel and I married, they entered the public eye as some of the richest siblings in Britain. How could anyone accept what they became?"

"You resented Zoe for what happened," I commented. "But you don't seem to blame Maxx."

"Maxx lacks foresight. Zoe did not. She knew that marrying him would destroy our business, but she did it anyway."

"And what would happen if Britain discovered that Maxx was having an affair with an eighteen-year-old?"

Elena turned scarlet. "It would be the final nail in the coffin."

Was that enough to have made her kill the girl? After all, Bryony had apparently been adamant that she wasn't going to let Maxx walk away...

I looked at Alex. First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes the baby in the baby carriage. Then comes murder?

First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes the baby in the baby carriage. Then comes murder? I wished some part of the rhyme said then comes evidence.

then comes evidence. "Thank you, Mrs Ackerman." I stood up. "I believe that's everything we need to discuss."

She showed us to the door in silence. When she opened it, we found ourselves face to face with Daniel Castle, his hands tucked into his trouser pockets.

"My apologies," he said. "I was just about to come in."

"Did you enjoy your walk?" Elena asked crisply.

"Yes, I went around the neighbourhood today to get some fresh air." He moved aside to let us past, looking enviously immaculate for someone who'd been exercising. "Good day."

"Good day," I repeated on automatic, then felt too posh for words.

We rode the lift down to the ground floor of the duplex, then got another to the base of the building. When we finally emerged outside, my earpiece buzzed. I tapped it to answer and walked straight through a puddle.

I ground my teeth. "Rames speaking."

"Amber, this is Dixon. I've got bad news."

"Sir?"

"I've just dispatched a team of officers to The Silver Star. Gem Robinson has been assaulted."

***

The Silver Star was no less neon in the daytime, but it was quieter. Gem was standing at the back of the pub, talking to police constables and PRBs. We strode over to her.

She was pale, but she smiled when she saw us. "Amber!"

My gaze landed on the livid bruise around her throat, and heat seared through me. "What happened?"

"It was Maxx Ackerman." She shivered. "He came in to proposition me again. He said he was a free man and he'd fallen desperately in love with me. He wanted to get married. I think he was drunk. I laughed him off -- and then he put his hands around my throat..."



I closed mine into fists. "I warned him to stay away from you."

"He started choking me." Gem touched her neck. "Then one of the robots pulled him off, and he bolted."

"When I get hold of him, he'll regret it." I turned to Alex. "I'd say Maxx has violent tendencies."

Alex frowned. "We should track him."

"The PRBs are trying to do that now, sir," a constable said. "But he's blocked his tracking transmission."

That was illegal.

"Bastard!" I exclaimed. "He knows this makes him look guilty. He did it. He killed Zoe and Bryony because he thought Gem would fall into his arms if he didn't have any baggage."

Gem was turning paler. "Wait, what?"

"I might be able to crack that tracking block." Alex got his tabphone out. "When they're coded in a hurry, they're usually weak."

It took him three minutes to crack the block while I paced. Then he grabbed my elbow and pulled me out the pub.

"Where are we going?" I asked.

He steered me to the left, so that we were moving further away from the high street. Rain was still falling, but he didn't stop to draw his fancy hood up. "Maxx is near Socrico University."

"I know a short-cut." Shaking him off, I swung around to the nearest set of metal stairs.

We ran up them, the wet steel slippery beneath our feet. I bolted across the first landing, breathing hard, then took us back down a narrower set at the other end, almost invisible in the shadows of the buildings.

As I started my descent, my foot slipped on the steps. I shot forward, towards the ground a long way below.

Alex grabbed me by the waist, and we fell back against the railings. He kept hold of me until I'd found my feet again. "That was close. Are you all right?"

My skin tingled where his hands were pressed against my jumper. I nodded, pulling away, and almost tripped again in my haste to bolt.

We trotted down the stairs and plunged into an alley, and the rain stopped falling on us. Alex checked his tabphone. "He's still moving; still in the area."

The alley was narrow. When we turned the corner, it became narrower still. Someone had blocked our way with an empty, yellow skip.

"Leg-up," I gasped.

I cocked my leg back, and Alex boosted me up. I tumbled into the skip and almost landed on my head. When he got in, we scrambled up the other side and jumped together. The impact jarred my bones.

We burst out the alley, and Alex checked his tabphone again. "He's stopped at Betty's Caf -- "

A tram screamed towards us.

"Look out!" I pulled him back by the arm. "Jesus Christ."

"Sorry." Alex was still looking at his tabphone.

I rolled my eyes.

We ran across the street, past quaint stores and Friday shoppers. It was still drizzling, but sweat slid down my spine, and my lungs burned.

Around the corner, there was a neon sign for Betty's Café. I slowed my stride at last and drew my pistol. When we reached the doors, I shielded it behind my thigh and stormed in.

The café was quiet, and all three customers turned to look at us. I swept my gaze over them, searching for Maxx. He wasn't there.

Maybe he was hiding in the toilets.



I turned around, preparing to send my sergeant, but he was looking at the closest empty table. A tabphone was sitting in the centre, skewed as if it had been thrown down.

Alex woke it up, and his shoulders slumped. "It's Maxx Ackerman's. He's dumped us."

"What?" I gaped at him, then bunched my free hand in my hair. "No! Now how are we going to find him?"

The doors flew open behind me, and Lynn and Jason Castle-Ackerman entered Betty's Café. They stopped short at the sight of us. Jason's gaze fell on the tabphone in Alex's hand.

"What are you two doing here?" I snapped.

"We're trying to find Maxx," Lynn stammered. She wet her lips nervously. "A police officer called and asked if he was at home. Dad sent us to look for him."

I glanced around at the pink gingham tablecloths and elderly customers. "Does he come here often, then?"

"No," Jason said. "We tracked his..."

Lynn shot him an alarmed look.

Alex frowned. "Only the police are legally allowed to track tabphones. How did you even get the software?"

Jason shrugged, swallowing hard. I supposed that when you were the son of the CEOs of Britain's largest technology companies, everything was accessible.

Everyone in the café was still watching, and now the waitress was glaring. I sighed and lowered my voice. "Have lunch with us, and we won't arrest you again. We can talk about Maxx."

Lynn and Jason exchanged a look. Jason nodded. "Okay."

We sat down at the pink table nearest the door. I handed a pitifully small menu to Alex, caught a whiff of burning from the kitchen, and hoped that I hadn't just made a bad choice. "What did the police officer say?"

Lynn bit her lip. "That you needed to speak to Maxx urgently. Why?"

"He assaulted Gem Robinson at The Silver Star half an hour ago." Just saying the words made me angry. "He attempted to strangle her."

"No." Lynn shook her head slowly.

"Yes. If a member of staff hadn't intervened, he might have killed her."

"You don't think..." Jason frowned. "I mean, Maxx isn't my favourite person right now, but he's my brother. He's not a killer."

"We'll be arresting him for ABH, not murder," I said. Yet.

Yet. "But the longer he evades us," Alex added, "the more trouble he'll be in. Can you think of anywhere he might go to hide?"

Jason frowned. "I -- "

"Are you ready to order?" The glaring waitress appeared by our table.

I looked at Jason, his mouth shut now, and resisted the urge to throttle her. "No."

Alex handed me the menu. "Just pick something and get it over with."

We ordered sandwiches and fizzy drinks at random, and the waitress buggered off. I turned to Jason. "You were about to say something."

"I was going to say that I don't know."

I closed my eyes and counted to ten.

"He might go to his flat," Lynn said.

"The PRBs will have looked there."

"Oh." She pressed her lips together as she thought. "Mom said that the police officer called Ackerman Electronics as well, but his PA says he's not there."



I raised an eyebrow. "Are the family all at your flat again today?"

"Yeah," Jason said. "Mom and Dad are working from their home office, Lynn's been skiving off to sulk over her books ever since her break-up -- "

"I'm mourning Zoe," Lynn muttered.

" -- and I'm suspended from uni until my trial."

"You're lucky that you're not having two," I reminded him, because illegally tracking tabphones could, in extreme circumstances, offer a prison sentence. "Is there really nowhere else Maxx might have gone? Nowhere he likes visiting in his free time?"

"He's too busy to have free time," Jason replied. "He'll inherit Ackerman Electronics when Mom stands down one day."

He wasn't busy enough if he had time to assault bartenders!

Alex must have seen the anger rolling onto my face, because he intercepted me. "We could just wait it out. Surely he'll have to go back to the duplex to look after Harley."

"Oh," Lynn said, "the babysitter's been doing extra hours. She's basically living with us now."

"And Maxx won't miss Harley," Jason added. "He hardly knows what to do with her. He's not a natural parent."

Clearly, that ran in the blood.

The waitress brought our drinks out, and we lapsed into silence as she plonked them down. Orange juice and cola splashed onto the pink tablecloth. When she'd gone, I picked up my sticky glass with a wince.

"I always knew it would end badly," Jason said suddenly.

I looked at him. "Knew what would end badly?"

"His marriage. Zoe threatened to divorce him on Monday."

Now we were all staring at him. Alex frowned. "You never mentioned that."

"No one asked me."

I put my drink down. "You heard the whole argument at the duplex?"

"Well, no -- just bits and pieces. I went into the living room after we'd eaten to play a video game. The dining room's next door. I heard Zoe threaten to divorce Maxx, and she sounded like she meant it." He looked at me. "She'd found out about Bryony, hadn't she? They were arguing about Bryony."

"Yes." I mulled the divorce threat over in my mind. If Zoe had meant it, that would have got her off the scene without using violence...so why kill her?

"If you didn't know about the affair," Alex said, "why did you think their relationship was going to end badly?"

"Because they should never have been together." Jason's jaw tightened. "It's wrong. They were still siblings, even if they weren't related by blood. We all grew up as a family -- I thought we all looked at each other as family. Then my brother married my sister..." His face twisted.

We were attracting attention again. I cleared my throat. "Did anyone approve of the marriage?"

anyone Jason looked at Lynn.

"Dad did," she said. "And I was shocked, but I thought they were happy."

"Mom and I are pissed with him." Jason gripped his drink, his knuckles turning white. "He shagged my girlfriend, he married his sister..."

"And he ruined the family reputation," I finished.

But Elena had blamed Zoe and Bryony -- not Maxx. She was protective of him, in a cold sort of way.

The glaring waitress brought our sandwiches over. At least, I thought they were sandwiches. I took one look at them and decided that I didn't want to know for sure.

"I'm going to make a call." I stood up. "Excuse me."

I made my way outside. Once I was standing in the rain, I placed a call on my earpiece to DC Emily Laney.

She picked up right away. "Laney speaking."

"Laney, it's Rames."

"Oh, ma'am, I was just about to call you."

"Great minds think alike. I heard that someone spoke to Maxx Ackerman's PA at Ackerman Electronics?"

"Mrs Ackerman got in touch with the PA and relayed the message to me that Maxx wasn't there."

"Interesting that you didn't get to speak with the PA directly. Elena may be shielding Maxx. Put surveillance on their headquarters, Laney."

"Yes, ma'am. Um, we also have a situation here."

My scalp prickled. "What situation?"

"A message from Maxx Ackerman was left on our Xplora page twenty minutes ago...Dixon thinks it's for you, ma'am."

"Then spit it out."

The line crackled as she took a deep breath. " 'The last girl dies tonight.' "

'The last girl dies tonight.'

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 14


"It's Gem." I stabbed the video-call button for the tenth time as I paced our office. "It has to be Gem."

"Yes," Alex said calmly. He was perched on the edge of his desk, his own tabphone in hand. "It's Gem. But Dixon's dispatched PRBs to her flat. She'll be fine."

"Then why isn't she picking up?" My voice rose, and I took a deep breath, trying to level it out again. I had to remind myself that I was a detective inspector and not a shrieking parrot. "Have you tracked where the message came from?"

"A tablet in Socrico Library."

My call to Gem rang out.

"Oh, for fuck's sake, pick up!" I slammed my fist into the glass desk, and there was a satisfying crack.

Alex flinched. "Amber -- "

My tabphone buzzed. I extracted my bleeding knuckles from the glass cobweb and answered the incoming call. "Gem! Finally."

She beamed on my screen, hot pink hair let loose from its pigtails and arranged so that it hid most of the bruising around her neck. "Hi, Amber. I only just got in. The policeman said he could take my statement at the scene, but then I had to persuade my boss to let me come home early. He was surprised when I asked -- the cheek! And -- "

"Gem, listen very carefully," I said. "Your life is in danger."

Her smile fell. "What?"

"Your robot saved you this morning, but Maxx Ackerman isn't giving up. He killed Zoe, he killed Bryony, and now he's coming after you. PRBs are on their way to your flat right now, and I'll come to guard you personally as soon as I'm done here."

"I'll come, too," Alex said softly.

"He shouldn't try anything until tonight," I continued, "but don't leave home, just in case. You can't let yourself be caught alone."

"But my boss wants me to go back to The Silver Star later -- "

"Call in sick. Do not leave your flat. If you leave your flat, you'll leave our protection. Am I clear?"

She gulped. "Yes, ma'am."

"Good. Now, sit tight and try not to worry. You'll be safe inside."

***

By the time the lights had turned off and we'd finished work, we still hadn't located Maxx. Alex and I walked to Gem's flat, situated near The Silver Star, in silence. A handful of PRBs were standing outside the building, and we found two more when we reached the entrance to her home.

I rang the doorbell, and the camera gave me automatic access. But Gem must have been standing right on the other side, because she opened it herself. "Amber!"

"Hello." I tried to smile and failed miserably. "You can relax now. You officially have six robots and two humans guarding you."

Her shoulders sagged. "I'm honoured. Come in."

She stepped aside, and we squeezed past her into the narrow hallway. Another PRB was lingering there.

Once Gem had shut the door, I said, "Don't answer it yourself again."

"Okay." She looked between us uncertainly. "But...why is this happening?"

I exchanged a tired glance with Alex.

Five minutes later, we were nestled in Gem's living room with three mugs of tea. Mine, shaped like a hippo, was resting on the wobbly coffee table. Hundreds of fairy lights were strung back and forth across the midnight ceiling. The walls were pink, the carpet was jade green, and the sofas were covered with ruby red blankets. Bubble-gum scented tea lights burned on the windowsill. Lace curtains were drawn across the glass, hanging perilously close to the flames.



Alex sat next to me. Gem was on the other side of the coffee table, hugging a mug that looked like a panda. She was biting her lip, but she had more colour back in her cheeks now that she was drinking sugar. I'd watched her put five teaspoons in.

"Right," I said. "Here's the short version. On Monday night, Maxx killed Zoe on Terra Road. He wanted her out of the way so that he could woo you. They'd just argued about an affair -- which had proved how much her presence limited his desires. Then in the early hours of Thursday morning, Maxx killed Bryony on Kings Road. He'd been having the affair with her, but on Wednesday night, he'd tried to break it off. She'd refused to leave him. He got rid of her.

"This morning, Maxx propositioned you again. When you rejected him, he tried to strangle you. Then he posted a message to the Socrico Police Xplora page warning us of a final murder."

All the colour had left Gem's cheeks again. "B-but if he likes me, why...?"

"Lots of murderers claim to love their victims," I said. "The problem is that their love is obsessive -- and possessive. When you rejected Maxx, he decided that if he couldn't have you, no one else could. So he tried to kill you." My hands tightened around the hippo.

"I thought he just lost his temper," Gem said. "He didn't look like he was really thinking. I mean, that seems a bit logical, even if the logic is twisted."

Alex put his mug down. "He was thinking logically enough to taunt us this afternoon."

The doorbell buzzed. "Gem, Cassia is here. May she come in?"

I stared at Gem.

"Oh, I invited her," she explained. "Yes, come -- "

"No, let me do it." I stood up. "Just in case Maxx is nearby."

I drew my pistol and went into the hallway, careful to plant each foot on the floorboards quietly. When I was behind the door, I raised my weapon. "Come in."

The door swung open.

My older sister was standing on the other side, wearing a blue skater dress and open duffel coat. She cocked an eyebrow at my gun and raised her hands in surrender. "Hello to you, too. If you're that concerned about Gem, you should have told me she's in danger."

I scoured the corridor behind her, then slowly lowered my weapon. "Who did tell you?"

did "Gem. She sent me a frantic message about murderers and police guards. I picked it up after work. What the hell is going on?"

I sighed. "Come in, and I guess we'll explain everything again."

***

Cassia sat next to Gem like a fairy tale princess in her blue dress while Alex and I talked about the investigation. Once we'd finished, she remained still for a long moment, processing. Then she stood up, pulling her platinum hair over one shoulder. "I think this calls for more tea."

She tossed me a stern look, which I unfortunately knew well. We need to fucking talk.

We need to fucking talk. I followed her into the kitchen. It was short and square, with a peeling blue pine table in the centre. Gem's worktops were littered with an assortment of liquorice, wet apples, a whisk, and a light bulb. What she'd been up to when she'd left it like this, I had no idea.

"Why didn't you tell me?" Cassia went straight to the cupboard containing mugs and withdraw one shaped like a fox, slamming the door.

"Because a few hours ago, I was back at the station only just realising it for myself!" I said. "My priority was to try finding Maxx, then to get over here when that failed. Then I had to explain what the fuck is actually going on to Gem, and then you showed up!"

then

Cassia looked down at my hands, and I realised that I'd balled them into fists. She turned away and put the kettle on. "All right. Sorry."

We listened to the kettle boil. She chucked a tea bag in her mug before pouring the water in.

"What are you dressed up for, anyway?" I softened my voice. "Wanted to see the murderer in your finest?"

"I was going out for dinner with Miles. Then he cancelled on me to work late, and I finally read Gem's message and came here."

I frowned. "You told me a few months ago that Miles hasn't taken you out for ages. He shouldn't have ditched you."

"I would have cancelled on him anyway to be with Gem."

"That's not the point."

"Ambie, he couldn't help it." She looked at me sharply. "You don't usually give him a hard time."

"No...but I feel like you're worried about something -- "

"Amber," Alex said.

I turned around. He was standing in the doorway, his face grave. Gem was crossing the kitchen towards me. She held up her tabphone with wide eyes.

There was a message from Maxx Ackerman.

I'm coming for you.

I'm coming for you. ***

"It was sent from Socrico Library again," Alex said five minutes later. We were back in the living room, waiting for him to trace the messages.

I frowned. "We told the staff to let us know if they saw him."

"They must have missed him."

We lapsed into frustrated silence. PRBs clanked up and down the hallway outside. Gem bit her thumbnail, pale again.

I drew my pistol and put it on the coffee table. Sensing my hint, Alex did the same.

"Okay, we're ready." I gestured at the weapons before us. "So...why don't we think about something else while we're waiting?"

Another awkward silence filled the air.

"Maybe I could put the TV on quietly?" Gem suggested.

"Sure," I said.

She used her tabphone like a remote control and brought the glass screen on the wall to life. None of us really looked at it. Cassia coaxed her into a conversation about her pretty mug set. I just waited, keeping an eye on the time. Alex did the same.

An hour crawled by. Gem tucked her legs up and dragged a red blanket across herself and Cassia. They were talking about a mutual acquaintance now, but my sister was not as relaxed as she'd encouraged Gem to be. She was gripping her tabphone tightly enough that her knuckles had turned white.

Gem suddenly looked at us. "Hey, we haven't talked about the New Year's Eve party! Cassia, Amber, you are coming again, aren't you?"

"Of course," I said. "All of the police force will be there."

Alex leaned forward. "What am I missing?"

"Nothing," Gem said. "Because you'll be going, too."

"It's tradition for everyone to go to The Silver Star on New Year's Eve," I explained. "There's always a party, and it's very popular."

"There's no better place to be!" Gem said. "Promise you'll come."

Alex smiled. "I promise."

The volume suddenly seemed to rise on the TV, an eruption of noise, and I looked up. A crowd was filling the screen, jostling each other around the entrance to New London Crown Court. Two people were being led out by uniformed police officers -- Stellan Atkinson and Robbia Wells, the manager and accountant who'd been charged with the crime of conducting a sexual relationship with their subordinate or superior. A news crawl scrolled across the bottom of the screen. ATKINSON AND WELLS SENTENCED FOR LIFE .

ATKINSON AND WELLS SENTENCED FOR LIFE

The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, and my stomach tightened. It took me a second to realise that it was not a reaction to the news.

I picked up my weapon.

"Amber?" Alex said. "What is it?"

A window shattered in the flat. Cassia flinched. Gem screamed. Alex and I shot to our feet.

"Stay with Gem!" I yelled, and tore into the hallway.

A PRB was walking towards the bathroom, hefting its rifle. The door flew open, and a black blur shot out. A knife glinted.

"Freeze!" the PRB said.

Maxx shoved it back and came towards me. Everything happened so fast. I raised my gun, but I was too close, too slow, and the knife was already against my chest. Every part of me froze but my forefinger as it settled against the trigger. All I saw was the blade.

Then he was past me.

Turning, I tracked him down the hall with my pistol, but the PRB beat me to it. A rifle gunshot cracked the air. Maxx ducked down, almost stumbling, and bolted out the door.

Cassia appeared in the living room entrance. She hesitated for a split second, then ran after him.

"Cassia!" I yelled. "No!"

Counting on the PRBs for assistance now would be hopeless. Their orders were to protect Gem, and so they would stay.

It was just Cassia and me.

She reached the door just before it clicked into place and flung it open again. We ran through, her in front, me two steps behind.

The corridor was empty. The lobby was empty. Cassia had a good sprint on her, and she drew further ahead. Automatic doors slid open. She plunged into the darkness.

My heart kicked into a gallop. She would catch up with Maxx and try to tackle him so that he could be safely detained. But she wouldn't manage it. She wasn't trained for it. She'd get stabbed.

"Cassia!" I shot out the block, frantically scanning the darkness for her.

She was already on the road. Maxx had melted into the shadows.

And then she went down.

Something shiny winked in the lamplight as she skidded across the concrete on her knees. I ran towards her. "Cassia! Are you okay?"

She rocked back on her haunches, gingerly examining her hands. I stumbled to a halt beside her. Grazes ran over her palms, and her knees were bloodied and gritty.

"I'm okay," she said between deep breaths, standing up again.

My gaze was still on the floor. The shiny thing she'd tripped on winked at me.

A tabphone.

I fumbled in my pockets and found a clean tissue to pick it up with. When it was in my hands, I gave her my best glare. "What did you chase him for? He could have turned around and stabbed you!"

"I was the closest." Cassia shivered and pull her coat tight. "I wanted to help. And I wanted to protect Gem."

"But he was armed... " I sighed and shook my head, watching the stubborn expression I was familiar with settle across her features. "Ugh, never mind. I don't have time for a lecture. Come back inside."

armed... We trooped back in, Cassia limping slowly. I slammed the front door behind us. "He got away!"

Alex appeared in the living room doorway. "Are you both okay?"



"Mostly." I herded my sister past him. "Cassia, sit. Alex, I want you to call this in."

"Right."

Gem was on the sofa, her legs uncurled and her hands tight over her knees. She was so pale that I thought she might faint.

"You're safe now," I said softly. "We freaked Maxx out. He won't come back. Cassia, don't leave her until I tell you to. I'll fetch a glass of water."

I went into the kitchen, clenching my hands until my nails cut into my palms. Gem was safe...but Maxx had escaped from us. Again.

was Alex entered the kitchen behind me. He found a glass and filled it, so I rummaged through the cupboards until I found a chocolate bar. I thought Gem could do with more sugar.

My sergeant turned the tap off as I shut the cupboard. The sleeve of his jacket brushed against mine, but it might as well have been his naked skin, because a bolt of chemistry passed between us like static. I pulled away and met his eyes. Something simmered in the air between us.

He looked down and cleared his throat. "Well? What exactly happened?"

I turned around, fiddling with the chocolate bar. "Cassia and I chased after him, but she was faster than me. She'd almost caught up with him when she slipped on a tabphone."

Alex dredged out a pair of nitrile gloves from his pockets, and I handed the tabphone over to him. He tried to unlock it, but it didn't respond.

"There's a charging pad on the far counter," I said.

He took the tabphone over. "By the way, Dixon's coming, and he's bringing Inspector Flynn as backup. But I think we're more likely to get a lecture than we are to see Maxx again. Dixon sounded pissed that the guy we've been hunting all day showed his face and we didn't manage to arrest him."

***

Ky Dixon and Sebastian Flynn were accompanied by a handful of officers and several more PRBs, who passed us by in the hallway and got to work examining the bathroom, which had become a crime scene. Dixon herded us into the kitchen and shut the door.

Alex and I stood at the end of the room, as far away from him as possible. Sebastian leaned against the counters and shot us a sympathetic look.

Dixon folded his arms. "Are you both all right?"

"Yes, sir," I said.

"Good." His eyes narrowed. "In that case, you can explain how Maxx Ackerman managed to escape when you were in this flat with him."

"It was my fault, sir," I said. "I made Alex stay here with Gem instead of letting him come with me. He would have been fast enough to stop Maxx."

"Didn't you trust the PRBs to guard her?"

"No, sir! Six of them were patrolling the flat inside and out, yet Maxx still broke in."

Sebastian looked at Dixon. "With all due respect, sir, she makes a fair point."

Dixon glared at him.

There was a knock on the kitchen door, and Cassia entered the room. Sebastian straightened up, looking at her knees. "What have you done to yourself?"

"I tripped over." She turned to Dixon. "I just wanted to say that this is all my fault. I got in Amber's way."

His eyebrows rose. "You chased Maxx?"

She nodded.

"You're a pathologist, Cassia. You're supposed to look at dead bodies, not become one."

She hung her head, but I could see her fighting a smile. "Sorry."

"I give up with you lot." Dixon sighed and turned away. "I'm going to reorganise those PRBs. Make sure someone takes Gem's statement." He left, shutting the door behind him.

"Cassia, I told you to stay with Gem," I said. "First you try to capture a murderer for me, and now you're fighting my battles."

"That's what sisters are for. Anyway, there's an officer with her right now, so I came to fetch myself a drink."

"Forget that," Sebastian said. "Sit down and clean those grazes. You've got gravel in them."

Cassia hesitated.

He moved away from the counter and patted the surface. "Come on. You're a doctor. You should know better than this."

"All the patients I see are dead," she pointed out, but she pulled herself onto the counter anyway.

I filled a glass for her, and Sebastian grabbed a tea towel and ran it under the tap. While he cleaned her up, I turned to Alex. "How's the tabphone doing?"

He lifted it off the charging pad and tried turning it on. I went to him, and we watched the screen slowly flicker to life. The Castle Robotics logo unfurled across the dark space.

We waited.

Finally, the lock screen appeared. The owner's name was displayed in the top right-hand corner.

Daniel Castle.

Daniel Castle.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 15


I scrambled to call Elena Ackerman. She picked up on the first ring, wearing a scowl. "Oh, for God's sake. Not you again. I know what you're going to ask me. No, I haven't seen -- "

"Daniel." I suspended my tabphone in the air. "We'd like to know the whereabouts of your husband, ma'am."

Her frown deepened. " Daniel? He's right here."

Daniel? She turned around in the home office, taking the camera with her. Desks span and merged into white sofas in the background. When she stopped moving, Daniel was behind her on an office chair. "There he is."

He came over, his expression relaxed. "Inspector."

"Sir, you appear to have misplaced your tabphone." I held my hand out, and Alex passed it to me in the tissue. I raised the device for Daniel to see.

"Oh, yes, I've been missing that all evening. Where was it?"

"At the scene of an attempted murder."

They both stared at me.

At last, Daniel said shakily, "I don't know anything about that."

"We're putting your flat on lockdown. Alex, tell Laney to take some PRBs over."

"Now, hold on a minute," Elena said. "Just what do you think -- "

"This is non-negotiable, Mrs Ackerman. Don't go anywhere." I ended the call.

Dixon strode back in with Gem behind him. She was a little unsteady on her feet, and she plopped down at the kitchen table. Dixon stood behind her. Cassia and Sebastian stayed together at the side of the kitchen. Alex finished his call to Laney beside me.

I addressed Dixon. "Sir, we've found Daniel Castle's tabphone here at the crime scene. We're putting the Castle-Ackerman duplex on lockdown. I want to go over there and ask Daniel how his device arrived at the scene of an attempted murder -- and to look for any subtle signs of Maxx Ackerman."

"But is the murderer Maxx?" Sebastian said, looking at the tabphone.

is Alex set about cracking Daniel's password, and I watched him absently. Daniel had certainly been eavesdropping on us earlier when we'd interviewed Elena: a man could not claim he'd been about to open a door and enter the room when his hands were still in his pockets. And he hadn't been wet, even though it had been raining outside. He probably hadn't gone for a walk at all.

But lots of people would eavesdrop if the police came to talk with their partner. Maybe he'd been feeling nosy. Maybe he'd been feeling protective. After all, although he and Elena were not conventionally head-over-heels in love, they were something . A business partnership, a partnership in bed, a family.

something "I don't see any motives for Daniel," I said. "I think Maxx went back to the Castle-Ackermans sometime this afternoon or this evening. Tonight, he left again to kill Gem, and as he no longer has his own tabphone, he brought his step-father's with him."

"Why?" Cassia asked. "What would he need it for?"

"To read romance novels on the tram journey," Alex said.

"What?" I turned to him.

"Only one application is running in the background. Daniel is clearly tidy when he uses his tabphone -- he shuts all his apps down properly. But whoever brought this with them tonight isn't so tidy. They've left Xplora Books running, and when you load it, you see this..."

I leaned over his shoulder as he opened Xplora Books. A saucy romance cover flashed onto the screen before fading into text.

"Um, I can't really picture Maxx reading romance novels," Gem said.



Alex looked at me. My stomach sank. "I know someone who I can picture reading them. In fact, I've seen her reading them before."

can "Who?" Dixon asked.

"Lynn Castle-Ackerman. But I don't understand -- she doesn't fit into this."

Dixon frowned. "Where was she during the murders?"

"On Thursday morning," Alex said, "she was at home, asleep. And she told us that on Monday night, she rode a tram around the city and back home again."

Sebastian leaned against the counter. "She wasn't riding the tram aimlessly, was she?"

"Sort of," I replied. "She told us that she was supposed to be meeting her boyfriend, but he broke up with her before she could reach him. So she stayed on the tram and eventually rode it home."

Gem perked up. "Oh, who was the boyfriend? That's some gossip I've never heard about the Castle-Ackermans before!"

"I have no idea. She never did meet him that night, so it didn't seem important."

Dixon's eyebrows rose.

"I'll look at her Xplora page," Alex said.

He scrolled down Lynn's page, and I leaned closer to watch him. There were no photos of her with another male. No mentions that she'd entered or left a relationship.

I frowned. "Damn, she's probably deleted everything."

"I can check," Alex said.

I wasn't even going to question how. While he worked, I strolled over to the opposite cupboard in search of another chocolate bar. The others shifted restlessly.

"No," Alex said a minute later.

I turned around, chocolate in hand. "No?"

"She hasn't deleted anything. Ever. There's nothing to see." Alex tapped the tabphone screen. "It's like he never even existed."

The magnitude of his words took a moment to sink in.

Dixon was the first to address the obvious. "Could she have made the boyfriend up?"

Uncertainty balled in my stomach. "She has told us small lies before. She claimed that she was a student at Socrico University when we first met her, then later admitted she wasn't."

has Dixon looked unimpressed. "She's a known liar, but you didn't check whether her boyfriend was real?"

"The existence of her boyfriend doesn't matter, sir! He isn't part of her alibi."

Cassia pushed herself off the kitchen counter. "Only because she said they'd broken up. Why would she end the fantasy?"

"If she hadn't said that to us, he would have been part of the alibi." I dragged a hand through my hair. "We would have asked for a name and an Xplora page number so that we could contact him, and she would have been forced to admit the truth."

would "But she must have told her family that she'd broken up with him the night Zoe was murdered, not the morning afterwards," Alex said. "When we first met Jason, he told us she'd been crying all evening and all morning. She'd been pretending to be devastated as soon as she got home -- but she didn't know that she'd need to give us an alibi then."

evening Unless, of course, she had.

"Does anyone know what tonight's intruder looked like?" Dixon looked between me and my sister.

Cassia shook her head. "No. They were out of the flat too quickly."

And all I'd registered was the ski mask, the knife, and my gun.



"So you can't even confirm they were male?" Dixon asked.

"No, sir," I said. "It's possible they were a man; it's possible they were a woman."

Gem sat up straighter. "Wait -- why would Lynn want to kill Zoe, Bryony, and me? You said we were all linked to Maxx, not Lynn."

I strode towards the door. "I suppose we'd better go and ask her."

***

Three PRBs were stationed outside the Castle-Ackerman duplex when we arrived. DC Laney was standing with them. "The flat's on lockdown, ma'am. I've seen Elena, Daniel, Lynn, Jason, the baby, and the babysitter to be sure."

"Good work, Laney," I said.

She'd entered herself into the doorbell system, so she was able to scan us in. As we stepped inside and I shut the door behind us, I realised how silent the duplex was. Dead silent.

I glanced at Alex. He shook his head and led the way down the hall, careful to tread quietly. I followed, drawing my pistol and holding it behind my thigh. There was something about the air that was making the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.

Alex pushed open the living room door, both hands empty. He stepped over the threshold -- and stopped in his tracks.

I peered around him. Elena, Daniel, and Jason were sitting on the sofa. None of them looked up at us. They were watching Lynn.

Maxx Ackerman was on his knees in front of her, facing his family. Lynn was holding a knife to his throat.

She turned her head as we entered, her eyes cold. "Stay exactly where you are! Don't move, don't shout...or I'll slit his throat."

***

We stood in shocked silence for a moment.

"Lynn," I said, "don't do this."

Maxx whimpered like an animal, his eyes closed. Lynn stroked the knife across his throat.

"You're not surprised." Her voice was calm. "You realised it was me. How did you realise it was me?"

"You left your father's tabphone at the crime scene," Alex said.

I glanced at Daniel. He, Elena, and Jason were still motionless with shock.

"Yes: a decoy," Lynn replied. "I'd lost the round, and I wanted to confuse you."

"Xplora Books was still running in the background. Your choice of reading material gave you away."

Her face twisted into a scowl. "Damn it! Nothing has gone my way tonight. Well...until now." She glanced down at Maxx. "This is just where I want him to be."

"You killed Zoe and Bryony," I said, trying to direct her attention away from the knife. Beads of sweat were forming on Maxx's forehead.

"Obviously. At first, it was only going to be Zoe. I waited a long, long time to get her off the scene. When I realised she was arguing with Maxx on Boxing Day, I knew the time had come. There was something so satisfying about following her and running this blade across her throat...such a release at last. I experienced the same feeling with Bryony Gold." She smiled. "You handed that murder to yourself on a platter, by the way. I didn't know Maxx was having an affair until you announced it in front of me."

My throat tightened. I swallowed forcefully.

"I tracked Bryony's tabphone," Lynn said, "followed her, slit her throat. I thought it was all over. But when you came here yesterday, you dropped another name: Gem Robinson!

another

"There's a thrill about killing, you know, and I've found that I have a knack for it. But so far, no one had seen me perform. So I invited an audience; sent you a clue from Maxx's Xplora account. I wanted you to see me kill your friend...but never mind. Now I have Maxx instead."

She smiled and stilled the knife, pressing the sharp edge steady against his throat again. He squeezed his eyes shut.

"Please don't hurt him," Elena whispered. " Please. "

Please. Lynn laughed. "Mommy's little boy. You'll join Daddy's little princess soon..."

"By the way," I said, "I assume Maxx was hiding here all along."

"The more you try to distract me, Inspector, the quicker his death will come."

Alex glanced at me. My pistol was still drawn and hidden, held tight in my sweaty palm. But if I raised it, Maxx would lose his life. And no matter what he'd done to Gem, protecting him was my duty.

Voices rose outside. Lynn stiffened.

"What do you mean, I can't go in?" Ryker James bellowed. "I just want to drop something off. I'm not doing it another bloody day -- I'm fed up of it kicking around the place."

"This duplex is on lockdown!" DC Laney said. "If I have to repeat that one more time, I'm sending you to the station in handcuffs."

Lynn's shoulders slumped. "Oh, it's just another member of the audience. He can come in, can't he, Inspector?" A sliver of blood ran down Maxx's neck. "Tell the police officer that Ryker can come in."

Maxx still had his eyes closed. Jason had closed his too, but their parents were looking at me. Pleading.

I raised my voice. "You can let him in, Laney!"

Hopefully, I hadn't just shortened Ryker's lifespan.

He entered the room a minute later, clenching and flexing his metal fist. It was becoming such a familiar gesture that it felt gravely out of place in this room of white faces and running blood.

His hand froze, along with the rest of him, when he saw what he'd walked into.

"Stay exactly where you are," Lynn said. "Don't move, don't shout...or I'll slit his throat."

I was starting to wonder how many times she'd rehearsed that line.

"What are you doing here, Ryker?" I asked.

"Delivering a diary," he said slowly, his gaze going back and forth between Lynn and the rest of us. "It's Zoe's. I found it when I was putting my flat back together after you ransacked it. I thought it belonged here, in her family home."

"I'm surprised you didn't sell it to a journalist."

Elena glared at me.

"I'm not that cruel." Ryker ran his gaze over the scene again. "Although, now that you mention it, I'd much rather be standing in a news office."

" I'm glad you're here," Lynn said. "My audience of three was quite small. Six is much better."

I'm Six was not much better when it got us no closer to disarming her. I ran my thumb across the handle of my pistol, desperate to raise it.

not "Why are you doing this?" Alex asked her.

"I'm in love with Maxx," she said simply.

Shock sucked the warmth out of my core. Silence fell over us like a poisonous cloud. Alex and Ryker stared. The others looked blank.

I cleared my throat. "Maxx is your half-brother."

"Oh, dear, how naughty I am. There would have been such a scandal -- oh, but we had one of those already." Lynn smiled. "Inspector, my older sister fell in love with Maxx. Are you really surprised that I've done the same thing?"



Nausea turned my stomach. "Zoe wasn't related to him."

"Not by blood. But they were brought up together as family, just like me. Blood doesn't dictate who you look to as your kin. It's socialisation. You are taught who your family is. So when I watched my half-brother marry my half-sister and all of that came undone, I wondered why it was so wrong.

taught "Maxx is all I've ever looked for in a man: older and mature, confident, friendly. Jason's a twat. Mom's disappointed in me. Dad always doted on Zoe. But Maxx is different. I couldn't let him ride off into the sunset with anyone else. I won't ."

won't "Harley was your tipping point," Alex said. "Maxx was starting to create a big, happy family."

"Yes."

"And your obsession with romance," I added, "well, that clue was everywhere. Why are you so desperate for a happy-ever-after, Lynn?"

She sighed wistfully, turning her gaze away. "I've always loved romance novels, even when I was young. They were my escape. I don't have many friends, and I'm not clever enough for my family. I'm not good enough for anyone. But in the stories, even if the heroine isn't clever and even if she has no friends, there's always one person who loves her more than the world: the hero. After she meets him, she's never alone.

good enough "The more I fell in love with those stories, the more I wanted them in my life. But everywhere I looked, love was lacking. Mom and Dad married for the business. Maxx and Zoe argued all the time. Bryony and Jason obviously weren't interested in each other. The more impossible love seemed to become, the more I felt its loss. I wanted it so badly. But Maxx...oh, Maxx." She looked down at him, almost sadly. "He says he doesn't love me back."

Maxx was trembling all over now, and he looked a little green. He'd transformed into a very different man to the one who'd inflicted the same fear on Gem this morning. Very different to the man who'd taken her neck between his hands...

her But did he deserve it? That was never my job to decide.

"Don't kill him," I said. "If you kill him, you'll kill your fantasy. How can you imagine your hero if he's dead?"

"You're underestimating the power of imagination," Lynn replied. But she sucked her cheek in and bit it.

"All you'll remember is his mutilated body. Don't do it, Lynn. Let the hero live. You love him."

The knife shook in her hands. She looked down at Maxx, her eyes distant. Watching her fairy tale.

She lowered the blade.

Alex threw himself across the room, tackling her. They crashed into the floorboards. I raised my pistol, but I couldn't get a clear shot. They were struggling, the knife flashing in the light.

The blade slashed across Alex's arm, and he grunted, raising a hand automatically to staunch the blood flow. It was easy for Lynn to scramble from his grip. She got to her feet and turned around, swinging at me.

I ducked, barrelling into her stomach. We flew backwards and crashed on the sofa. My gun slipped out of my fingers, and she swung the knife at my head.

An elbow hit me in the chest. I tumbled onto the floor, and the knife screeched horribly against steel.

Ryker had used his cybernetic arm to take the blow.

Lynn punched him in the jaw, knocking him back. I stood up, my gun trained on her. "Drop the knife."

She froze mid-action, the weapon pointed at Ryker's chest.

Alex grabbed her arms from behind. "Drop the knife!"

The blade tumbled out of her fingers. He clicked handcuffs around her wrists.

I lowered my weapon. "Lynn Castle-Ackerman, I am arresting you for the murders of Zoe Ackerman and Bryony Gold. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 16


"So, that's it?" Gem asked the following night as she poured my drink at The Silver Star. "Lynn's gone now?"

"She's gone." I tapped my fingers against the bar in time with the music. "She'll be locked away until her trial, and there's no question about her being found guilty and hanged. First comes murder, then comes marriage, then comes the baby in the baby carriage ...that's about the only thing I got right, by the way. The order of the rhyme."

First comes murder, then comes marriage, then comes the baby in the baby carriage Around us, the New Year's Eve party was in full swing. Some tables at the edge of the room remained, but most had been removed to create a wide space to act as a dancefloor. The guests were wearing light-up neon clothes, and they flitted about like fireflies as they networked.

Cassia was waiting for me among them. I'd already caught a glimpse of DC Emily Laney and DS Otto Gibbs, and I knew that Gem had invited Ryker James after she'd heard the arrest story. He was one of very few suspects who wasn't in trouble: alongside Lynn's murder charges, Jason was still going to court for possession of a Class A drug, and I'd arrested Maxx for ABH.

Gem slid my water across the bar. "This is on the house. You saved my life."

"I was convinced Maxx Ackerman was the killer."

"You got the right one in the end. You're a good detective."

"Thank God you think so." I picked up my water with a smile. "I don't have any other talents to my name."

She snorted. "Really?"

"What?"

"You have plenty of talents. Firstly, making people feel welcome. I remember how good you were at settling Nina in when she became a sergeant. And Alex is settled now, too." Her gaze drifted over my shoulder.

I turned around. Alex was weaving through the crowd, wearing a work suit without the tie. I wondered if he ever dressed casually.

"Hi," I said when he stopped next to me. Gem had gone to serve another customer. "How was the wait?"

He gave me an impish smile. "Long. I wasn't dying, so they didn't seem to be in a rush to treat me."

"You should have got stitches yesterday like I told you to, instead of letting fresh air work its 'magic.'" Honestly, men and their pride!

"Well, it's done now." He glanced at my hands, still resting on the bar. "How are your knuckles?"

I examined them guilty. "Fine."

"My governor is an angry chocoholic, it seems. That poor desk. I'm glad it wasn't mine."

angry I grinned. He held my gaze. A bolt of chemistry passed between us.

A glass was plunked down on the bar next to us, and we both jumped and looked away. Gem had returned with a lime crusher. "Is this what you wanted?"

"You read my mind," Alex said roughly, moving towards the eye-scanner.

"No, it's on the house for you, too," Gem said. "Thank you again. Now find Cassia and have some fun."

We pushed through the throng of dancing people and found Cassia exactly where I'd left her, standing out in a glowing two-piece body-con dress that showed the scrapes on her knees. She would have looked beautiful regardless, except Miles had arrived while I'd been gone, and her smile wasn't as bright as before.

"Hi, Alex," she said when we reached them. "Did you finally get stitched up?"

"Yes, thank you." His gaze swept over Miles. My sister's husband was of average height, which made him look short beside my sergeant, and he was handsome in a respectable way, rather than hot and rugged: a respectable haircut, a respectable suit, a respectable tie, a respectable stance. Everything about him screamed I am a respectable lawyer , which was appropriate given his profession as a Crown Prosecution Service barrister.

I am a respectable lawyer

"This is my husband," Cassia explained. "Miles, this is Alex, Amber's new sergeant. Alex, this is Miles."

The two men shook hands. I watched Miles. I'd always been distant with my sister's husband -- not in an unfriendly way, but we'd never really clicked. Now I wondered if I should have made an effort to get closer. What was going on between them? Would I have known if I'd tried harder?

"Sebastian's dancing somewhere nearby with a blonde," Cassia said. "I saw Dixon and his wife not too long ago. And Ryker James found me while you were getting your drink and asked me to pass his thanks on."

We'd both thanked each other several times, even though he'd saved me . I thought he was just grateful that Lynn hadn't killed us all. I smiled. "All right."

he'd me "Heads up," Miles said. "Isn't that your ex-boyfriend?"

I glanced over my shoulder. Clyde was coming our way.

Alex took my arm. "It was good to meet you, Miles, but we should go." He pulled me back into the crowd, leaning down so that his lips were brushing my ear. "We need to talk."

Nerves and excitement tied a knot in my stomach. I swallowed hard as he released me. "Let's go to the bar."

We went back to the bar, and I called for Gem. When she came to us, I gave her the wrong truth. "Clyde's here, and I'm trying to avoid him. I know I shouldn't ask, but I thought we'd be safe on the little balcony. Do you have the key?"

Gem pulled a small key from her pocket and handed it over. "Of course. If he comes this way, I'll send him on a wild goose chase."

"Thank you."

We crossed the room and ascended the glass staircase to the first floor, where all the tables still remained. There was a large, metal door at the back, marked NO ENTRY -- STAFF ONLY . I unlocked it.

NO ENTRY -- STAFF ONLY We emerged on a short, narrow piece of metal that hung over a silent alley. I shut the door behind us, and we took one step forward to the railing. Because we were on the first floor, we could only see the sky if we tilted our heads right back. When the fireworks started, everyone would get a better view of them on-screen.

Alex braced one hand on either side of me so that I was enclosed in his arms. I took a deep breath; smelled musk and lemongrass. For a moment, there was nothing to say.

"Is this what you wanted to talk about?" I murmured eventually.

Inside, a muffled countdown began. Ten...

Ten... "Yes," he said softly. "I can't ignore it anymore."

Nine...

Nine... Eight...

Eight... "You can feel this between us?" I turned around in his arms. All the looks we'd shared over the past few days, all that had passed through the air between us when we'd been alone...I knew he could feel it. But I needed to hear it.

Seven...

Seven... Six...

Six... "Yes." His hands dropped to my waist, and warmth spread across my hips. "But it's against the law."

Five...

Five... Four...

Four... This close, I could see the different flecks of green in his eyes. I liked the way he was holding me: not gingerly, not tight. He held me with confidence, because it felt right. And I threw everything to the wind. "Do you want me?"

Three...

Three... Two...

Two... "Yes."

One...

One... Fireworks screamed into the concrete sky, and I rose on my tiptoes and kissed him.

He softened beneath me instantly, his lips locking with mine. Our own fireworks exploded with a boom that rocked my world and made me feel weak at the knees.

I tried to hook my legs around him, but it seemed to bring him back below earth. He drew his mouth away, his eyes shadowed.

"Amber." His voice was quiet beneath the explosions. "We could lose our jobs. Our freedom."

We were still touching. Awareness simmered between us, conducted by our skin and heightened by the kiss. I knew he was right. I knew what we were doing was crazy; stupid.

The attraction had to go.

"Just kiss me one more time," I said. "One last time. Then we'll stop thinking about it. No one will ever know."

He hesitated.

"Please." I reached up and wrapped my arms around him. "I need you, Alex."

"And I need you." He lowered his head. "God help me, I need you."

END OF PART I

END OF PART I

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





PART II


11 February 2186

11 February 2186 11 February 2186 Night shifts are the worst, Kristina thought.

Night shifts are the worst, They were even worse when the guests didn't bother to show up. A new duvet had been spread over the bed, the pillows had been fluffed, and chocolates had been left on them. The bedroom had been cleaned and the bathroom had fresh towels. The soap and shampoo dispensers had been filled with something she couldn't afford. And she'd been standing there, waiting. Waiting and watching the time on The Diamond Hotel's tablet.

It was technically morning now. Five o'clock. In a few hours, the lights would turn on. She was planning on being asleep well before then.

This was his fault. God knew he'd made ten times the amount he'd paid her, and the knowledge was agony at the end of a long shift. It made her feet hurt more, and the headache that had been building behind her eyes spread.

his She turned to the robots that were standing with her. "Cancel the Taylors' booking."

Fuck everyone. Nobody was going to check in at five, and none of the existing guests would want anything. She was going home.

"Request accepted," one of the robots said.

That was Alpha, she thought. Despite her background in robotics, she often found it impossible to tell the robots apart. It was only when they started doing their jobs that she understood which was which. Alpha acted as a computer and her assistant. Beta and Gamma were tasked with helping the guests to carry their luggage, offering them room service, and cleaning up after them.

When the guests showed up, that was.

"Booking cancelled," Alpha continued.

"Clock me out." Kristina leaned forward so that the robot could scan her face.

Alpha mimicked her, its bright eyes staring through her soul. Her heart beat faster. Most people found robots intimidating, but to her they symbolised everything she dreamed of. Once, she'd stared into eyes like these all day long.

Alpha suddenly shuddered as if it was experiencing a mechanical spasm. It froze.

She frowned. "Clock me out ."

out Alpha's extraordinary blue eyes flared even brighter. Kristina gasped and turned away, automatically scrunching her own shut.

"Kristina." Alpha drew the name out. Its voice sounded funny; less robotic than usual. " Kristina ."

Kristina She turned back.

Alpha was holding the old-fashioned weighing scales that usually stood on the desk. Large metal plates hung from either side of the heavy frame.

Kristina shied back, but Alpha caught her bicep and held her tight. She wanted to scream, yet her lips were frozen shut in terror. She recognised that voice now.

It wasn't Alpha's.

"Oh, Kristina." Alpha raised the scales. "You have been a very bad girl."

very

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 17


11 February 2186

11 February 2186 11 February 2186 The train rushed towards the platform, still moving at one hundred miles per hour even though it was supposed to be stopping. It whipped up a windstorm around me, stealing jackets away from bodies and sweeping hair across faces. I dragged dark strands out of my eyes with a scowl and cross-checked the time on my tabphone with the messages I'd received. Yes, it was definitely the ungodly hour of five o'clock in the morning. Yes, that was the time Alex had said his train was coming in.

It finally screeched to a halt, so dramatically that anyone not wearing their seatbelt would have been fatally flung across the carriage. I stayed by the walls of the station, waiting among just a handful of others for the doors to open. When they did, even fewer people emerged.

Alex was one of the last, clad in his dark trench coat with a duffel bag slung over his shoulder. When his eyes met mine, my lips lifted at the corners automatically.

He stopped in front of me, and there was an awkward second when I wondered what we were going to do. Our illicit kiss on New Year's Eve had changed nothing between us, and although we had not spoken about it since, we were both aware of it. This was the first time we'd met each other off duty since that night.

"Hello," I settled on.

Alex smiled. "Hello. I didn't expect you to meet me."

There was something about sharing a smile that clicked everything back into place between us. It was like time had frozen over the weekend while he'd been away, and now it was simply picking up where it had left off.

"I missed having you around to help me," I said. "Your aunt's okay now?"

"Yes." A frown touched his features. His eyes were underlined with shadows. "She's at home and on the mend."

"Good. You have a bit of a welcome party back at the station. Dixon, Sebastian, and Cassia are waiting to say hello."

"We're going to the station now?"

"You have a briefing scheduled -- the last few days have been manic. All the crooks crawled out the shadows as soon as you'd gone."

He smiled wryly. "Have you been managing?"

"Your welcome party have been filling in your role between them, and I've had the PRBs at my disposal. Well...at my disposal as much as any PRB can be."

"Maybe you won't need me today, then." Alex slung his duffle bag into his hands and glanced at it longingly.

"Sorry, you'll just have to bring that with you and pretend you've had a good night's rest." I was going to have to pretend, too. "Maybe we can sneak out to Coffee Glitch when they open later."

"That would be nice." He looked up and smiled again.

My heart jumped.

Even though he'd hardly been gone, it was good to have my sergeant back in Socrico.

***

Detective Chief Superintendent Ky Dixon was sitting behind his desk when we arrived in his office, and my sister and DI Sebastian Flynn were arranged in front of him. Why they were about to sit through the briefing, I had no idea. Cassia had simply been my sounding board over the weekend, and while Sebastian had helped me do some legwork, it was nothing Dixon and I couldn't explain between us. If I were them, I'd have still been in bed.

Perhaps Cassia hadn't wanted to be at home. I still hadn't managed to get to the bottom of what was going on between her and Miles.

She turned and smiled at the man looming behind me. "Hello, Alex."



I cleared my throat and sat down beside her. "And hello , Amber ."

hello Amber "Good morning," Dixon said. "Alex, welcome back. Is everything okay now?"

My sergeant sat down next to me. "Yes, sir. Morning, Sebastian."

Sebastian smiled. "Morning."

Dixon tapped one of the three tablets that were hovering over his desk. "All right, let's settle down. We have a lot to get --"

My earpiece buzzed. I shot my governor an apologetic glance and tapped it twice to answer the call. "Rames speaking."

"Ma'am, this is Laney. We've got a body in The Diamond Hotel. Suspected murder."

***

Alex, Cassia, and I abandoned the briefing and rode a tram to Diamond Lane. It was still very early in the morning, and still very dark. The streets were almost empty, and only a few lamps guided our way when we disembarked.

The Diamond Hotel was an upper-class establishment which had grown in the middle of a run-down neighbourhood, and it rose over

the dingy flats and struggling shops grandly -- and oddly. Once a mediocre establishment, it now attracted the middle class from all over Britain, creating a wealthy world within its four walls that was alien to the rest of its surroundings. Every floor belonged to the hotel's owner, Jasper Jaydes, who I'd briefly met once before.



We approached the golden-framed doors beneath the hotel sign. They slid open automatically, parting like a curtain over the crime scene.

The lobby was enormous in every direction: high-ceilinged, deep, and wide. There was not one, but two crystal chandeliers; four vintage lifts stationed at the back; three strange bronze figures of naked women among the regal, claw-footed furniture of the snug; and a large oriental rug spread between the sofas and the mahogany front desk. It was as if time had been suspended.

I couldn't see the victim, but half a dozen PRBs were standing behind the reception desk, drawn there like big, black flies. More were walking the grid of the scene. The floor they passed over shone with bloodstains, and some had splashed onto the wall behind the desk. Brain matter was mixed in with it.

"Well," Alex said wryly. "It's good to be back."

***

The crime scene was, in my professional opinion, a mess.

The victim was sprawled behind the desk, her face beaten into a bloody pulp that not even my ilenz could recognise as human. Her hair was thick with it. Her skull was cracked open like a boiled egg. Her brain was everywhere.

Cassia sat back on her heels, her expression grim. "I needn't go over the cause of death. Or hazard a guess at the murder weapon." She nodded at the bloodied weighing scales that were sitting by Alex's elbow. "Given the state she's in, I'd say the murderer continued to attack her after life had expired."

I glanced over my shoulder at the murderer -- a red robot, now powered down and stationary. Jasper Jaydes was standing next to it and insisting that it needed to be arrested. Detective Constable Emily Laney was trying to explain that we could only seize it as evidence because there were no laws against robots. It was the tenth time, and she looked pissed-off.

I turned back and crouched beside the victim. "May I?"

Cassia nodded.

The woman was wearing a black-and-red floral dress with a cherry blazer over the top. I put my hands in her blazer pockets. When I felt the familiar, smooth surface of a tabphone, I pulled it out and looked at the name on the lock screen. "Kristina Nixon."



"I'll look up her next of kin," Alex said.

"Thanks." I risked another glance at Kristina's head. "Why such violence?"

Cassia stood up beside my sergeant and pulled her gloves off. "Maybe the robot didn't know when to stop. Do you think it's some kind of fault?"

Even though I hated them, I shook my head. "When robots are faulty, they stop working. They don't kill people."

"Maybe they do now."

"You've been watching too many films." I straightened up. "We should look at the CCTV for ourselves."

Alex was already tucking his tabphone away. "Kristina only has an ex-husband for us to talk to, and we can send Laney ahead of us to break the news."

"CCTV it is, then."

***

Five minutes later, we'd divested ourselves of our forensic suits and were standing in Jasper Jaydes' office. It was situated on the top floor of the hotel, which he'd taken for himself as a penthouse -- or maybe a time capsule. He was sitting behind an oak desk that was apparently from the surface, and the walls were panelled with more wood from the same tree. Worn leather sofas stood opposite us. I wondered how old they were.

they Jasper himself was not old. Without looking at his national profile, I guessed he was my age or perhaps a few years my senior. He was slightly on the large side, with a chubby, friendly face, but not so large that he didn't look neat in his blue suit. His tie was straight and pinned to his shirt, and his brown hair was parted perfectly in the middle. He was a tidy and unremarkable upper-class white man living at odds with a city driven by crime, body-hackers, and wild fashion trends.

There was one other person in the room with us, who Jasper had introduced as Brady Haywood, head housekeeper and therefore in charge of the robots who did most of the housekeeping. He was reclining on a leather sofa, looking both at ease and out of place: he was more like a pirate than a housekeeper in a posh hotel. Black hair fell to his shoulders, and a scar ran up his cheek. He watched us closely with golden eyes, and I couldn't tell if they were contact lenses or permanent implants. What I did know was that I hadn't met him when I'd visited the hotel a few years before. Only Jasper had spoken to me then.

"So, you're an inspector now," Jasper said. His voice had a slightly pompous quality. "I'm sure you were just a sergeant when you came here about that thief."

I was surprised he'd recognised me. Perhaps my work clothes had made me stick out in his mind. Today, my idea of dressing smart was to wear a green polo-neck jumper with black jeans and my leather jacket. I stuck out in my surroundings even more than Brady the pirate.

Alex raised his eyebrows at the word just . I grinned. "Yes, I was."

just Golden-eyed Brady pulled one leg over the other and lit a cigarette. "You never caught the bastard, did you?"

"No." But no other staff had complained about their personal effects going missing once Jasper had involved us. Sometimes, people just needed a scare.

"I've forgotten the name of your governor," he said now, tapping away on his tablet.

"DI Wilson. He retired a while ago."

"Lucky him. Ah! Here we go."

CCTV footage appeared on his tablet screen from five o'clock that morning. He pressed play, and Alex and I leaned closer.

The footage was HD and included sound. The camera was positioned on the ceiling just above the desk, with a clear view of the entrance. Kristina was behind the desk, glancing between the doors and a tablet. The weighing scales were sitting next to the device. Three red robots stood nearby, like gigantic ladybirds without spots.



Kristina suddenly looked up and turned to the robots. "Cancel the Taylors' booking."

"Cancel the Taylors' booking." "The Taylors?" I murmured.

"Husband and wife who were supposed to arrive here this morning," Jasper explained. "They never turned up."

"Why?"

"I don't know."

On screen, one of the robots spoke. "Request accepted. Booking cancelled."

"Request accepted. Booking cancelled." "That's Alpha," Jasper said.

"Clock me out," Kristina instructed, leaning towards the robot. It mimicked her, so that they were both staring at each other.

"Clock me out," "What's it doing?" I asked.

Jasper sighed. "It's supposed to be scanning her face."

The robot shuddered and froze in position.

"Clock me out," Kristina said again.

"Clock me out," The robot's eyes flared. Kristina gasped and turned away from the dazzling light. I leaned forward, frowning.

While Kristina's back was turned, the robot picked up the weighing scales. Its voice was no longer synthesised, but human instead, although unrecognisable now that it was playing on a recording. "Kristina... Kristina."

"Kristina... Kristina." She turned back.

The robot caught her by the arm. "Oh, Kristina. You have been a very bad girl."

"Oh, Kristina. You have been a very bad girl." She didn't scream as it raised the scales. She looked paralysed with fear.

But when the scales hit her head and blood sprayed, she did scream. She screamed as she fell backwards, and she screamed when the robot clubbed her again. And again. The scales hit her face, her scalp.

Kristina fell silent.

There was a horrible crack as her skull broke open. The robot swung again, and again, and again.

Finally, it dropped the weighing scales, and its eyes flared. I counted the time. Five whole seconds of unusually bright light.

Then it shuddered, and its eyes died. It had shut down.

Jasper paused the video.

"Carry on," I said.

"Go back." Alex spoke over me. "Play the part we've just seen again."

I shot him an inquisitive look. "We haven't even watched her being discovered."

"I want a freeze-frame of the flare. It's important."

Jasper sighed. "Must I play it again? It's horrific." But he took the video back to the moment when the robot's eyes had first flared.

Alex stared at the screen. "Yes. A hacker's taken control."

Jasper twisted around in his chair, his eyes wide. "A hacker? "

hacker? "We had trouble with a gang hacking robots in Rosek," Alex said to me. "They'd use them to hold up shops and avoid being arrested. But when you looked inside the robot, the hacker's Xplora identity could be traced."

"Looked inside?" I repeated.

"Yes. It would only take me five minutes to examine Alpha."

Of course it would.

I glanced at Jasper, and he nodded. "Take Brady. He knows where the tools are. Brady, escort the sergeant to the storage room. Use the backstairs. I don't think you'll want to see the lobby again yet."

"See what you can find out about the Taylors, Alex," I added. "We'll watch the rest of this."

Alex and Brady left the office, and I turned back to the tablet as Jasper played the footage again. "When did Kristina start working for you?"

"Ah, let me see... Surely she's been with us for about four or five years now."

A dark-haired man walked on screen. I pointed at him. "That's Brady?"

"Yes," Jasper said. "He heard the screams from his office, where he was working."

Brady stood still for a long moment. Then he strode back out the frame.

"Where were you?" I asked.

"All the way up here, asleep. I didn't wake up until Brady came."

"Right." I examined the lone, butchered body on screen again. "Could you send me a copy of this footage, please?"

***

Once Jasper had sent the video to my tabphone, I rode a lift back down to the ground floor of The Diamond. Alex was standing by the front desk, his expression dark. He came over when he saw me, and we met in the middle of the lobby, far away from any listening ears.

"Should I take it that didn't go well?" I asked.

"No." Alex rubbed his jaw. "The Taylors are out of the city. They cancelled their trip because they're unwell, and I can't find any link between them and Kristina. As for the robot, whoever hacked it knew how to erase all trace of themselves. The PRBs are going to take it back to the station, but it's a dead end."

I blew out a long breath. "Okay. So..."

An awkward silence settled over us. Suddenly, we were teetering on the edge again, as uncertain as we had been at the train station.

"Look, about New Year's Eve..." Alex's hand moved to the back of his neck. "Nothing's changed, has it? And here we are again, with a murder inquiry..."

"Yes, here we are again," I repeated flatly. "But we can't let this get in the way. So...we'd better get on with it."

He rubbed his neck for a moment longer, then suddenly dropped his hand and straightened up. "Come to my flat tonight. I'll cook."

"What?" I stared at him, wondering if I'd misheard.

"Surely we can share a meal as friends. Perhaps if we can prove that to ourselves -- if we can get used to it..."

"Oh." I blinked. "Yes, right. I get it. If we manage to spend lots of time together not kissing each other, we'll never kiss each other, because it's just not something we'll be in the habit of doing." It did not sound very convincing to my ears, but I didn't have a better plan. Rallying myself, I added, "Dinner had better be nice, then."

"I won't get away with chocolate bars?" A hint of mischief crept into his voice.

Oh, Alex. I desperately tried to fight my smile. "Don't you dare even try, Sergeant."

Oh, Alex.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 18


Ronan Lewis had divorced Kristina Nixon five years ago. According to his national profile, he was an architect, and he'd taken his degree at Bright Light University. Kristina had graduated the same year as him, and so I assumed they'd met there.

Bright Light wasn't the only city university, or even the most prestigious -- that title went to the institute that took the city's name. But Socrico University only offered academic subjects, and it was geared towards the cleverest people in the country. Bright Light, among a few others, provided education for everyone who didn't make the cut.

Architecture was a struggling profession when no city had enough space carved out of the earth to expand, and the struggle showed in Ronan's choice of neighbourhood. At seven o'clock, Alex and I waded through a sea of rubbish to reach his building, where we were forced to climb the stairs to the fourth floor because the lift was out of service. Alex took them two at a time, as if that was easier for his long legs. I straggled after him, panting.

We emerged in a narrow corridor where rude drawings had been scribbled beneath peeling patches of wallpaper. Alex rang Ronan's doorbell. The camera in the wood took a long time to unveil itself.

"May we come in?" I asked.

Nothing happened for a good ten seconds. Eventually, a crackled voice moaned, "Let me ask Ronan."

"That needs replacing," Alex muttered as we readied our warrant cards. "It wouldn't even cost much."

I smiled.

"What?" His mouth quirked upwards at one corner.

"Sometimes I wonder how you put up with me, Mr Technology."

He smiled properly. "You do, at least, keep your gadgets up to date."

A distorted voice suddenly emerged from the camera. "Who is it?"

"Inspector Rames and Sergeant O'Sullivan," I said. "Socrico Police."

We held our warrant cards up so that Ronan could look at them -- or try to. The camera wasn't capturing us very well. Unless Ronan was getting a better version inside, he wouldn't be able to see the details on our cards at all. I couldn't.

"Come in," he said.

The door opened with a long creak. Alex glared at it.

We walked straight into an open plan kitchen and living room, although both were so tiny that it seems better to say we entered a cramped living room with two rows of counters tacked on the end. A couple of blue sofas had been squashed against the opposite walls, and a coffee table stood between them, littered with papers. We took one step over the linoleum floor to Ronan Lewis. Laney and a family liaison officer drew away from him.

"Thank you," I said as they squeezed past us.

Kristina's death had clearly hit Ronan hard, despite their divorce. He was sitting on one of the tattered sofas, bent over and pale-faced.

I stopped in front of him. "We're sorry for your loss."

Ronan looked up, running a hand over the back of his short, dark hair. He was dressed in a cheap suit and checked shirt, rumpled as if he'd slept in them. Although I knew he was thirty-one, he looked at least a decade older. His face was heavily lined, especially around his bloodshot eyes.

We sat down on the other sofa. If it hadn't been for the lack of a breeze, the flat would have been just as cold as the outside world. I buried my hands in my pockets. "First of all, a routine question. Where were you at five o'clock this morning?"

Ronan cast his eyes over the barren room as if he was registering its contents for the first time in a while. His gaze rested on the papers covering the coffee table. "Here. I was working on a project into the early hours. I passed out on the sofa."



"Can anyone else confirm that?"

"No." His face crumpled. "Since...Kristina...it's just been me."

"You lived here together?" Alex asked.

"No, no. We were renting somewhere else. We both moved afterwards. I didn't have much money left after the divorce, so..." He looked around again. "Here I am."

I looked around again, too. The room held no personal effects aside from his papers, so I picked one up and looked at it.

Alex stayed still. "Do you mind me asking why you divorced?"

"It was just one of those things -- the marriage slowly starts turning bitter, and then, one day, you realise you're not in love anymore. Seems pointless to stay together after that. We felt we were holding each other back."

I flattened the paper out. It was an architectural drawing. "You can afford real paper. Most architects make their plans on tablets."

"It's the only luxury I stretch my money for. I prefer doing it all by hand."

I stared at the drawings. I knew nothing about architecture, so I quickly discovered that I had no idea whether Ronan was talented or not. I folded the paper up again. "Can you think of anyone who might have wanted to harm Kristina?"

He lowered his head. "No. God, I can't believe she was murdered ."

murdered "Did she know anyone with enough talent to hack into a robot without leaving a trace?"

He lifted one shoulder in a shrug. " Kristina could hack things. She had a degree in robotic science, and she dreamed of working for a company like Ackerman Electronics. But it's a competitive field."

Kristina "Did you keep in touch after your divorce?" Alex asked. "Or at least hear if she had any boyfriends?"

Ronan slowly raised his head, his expression darkening. "No, I never heard anything. But she always carried a torch for her university boyfriend, Zed Croft. So maybe she went back to him."

***

The lights were finally starting to turn on when we left Ronan's flat. We stopped in the main lobby, and Alex loaded Zed Croft's national profile on his tabphone. I leaned closer to look at it.

Zed Croft, in his picture at least, was a slim and good-looking man with slicked blond hair, a naughty smile, and what I would bet was a designer suit and solid gold watch. Something of a party boy attitude showed in his eyes.

He was thirty-one, and he was the owner of the very successful Duty Bank, which he'd opened six years ago. He'd taken a robotic science degree at Bright Light University.

We tracked him and discovered that despite the dark hour, he was already at work, and so we went in search of the nearest tram. When we'd caught one, we sat down behind a grinder with silver elf ears, and I blew on my hands to warm up. The city trundled past us, shadows clinging to the edges of the roads. Metal walkways climbed around the skyscrapers. Neon signs glimmered between them, advertising electrode earphones and fake flowers for Valentine's Day.

When the robotic driver announced that we'd reached Platinum Lane, we got off. The cold morning air hit us again, and I shoved my hands into my pockets with a scowl. "I need coffee. And chocolate."

In my peripheral vision, Alex smiled.

Duty Bank occupied the first two floors of a cutting-edge glass skyscraper near the mouth of the road. I stood in front of the automatic doors and waited for them to open. Nothing happened.



"Amber." Alex sounded amused. "Read the sign."

I looked to the left of the doors and realised that in my impatience, I hadn't clocked the words written on the tinted glass window. Please use scanner to gain entry. " You have to be a client to get in?"

Please use scanner to gain entry. " Alex glanced at a discrete facial recognition scanner next to the sign. "I guess so. But flashing our warrant cards should do it."

I shuffled over so that we were both standing in front of the camera. "If anyone's listening...Inspector Rames and Sergeant O'Sullivan, Socrico Police. We'd like to speak with Zed Croft."

"Come in," a clear, female voice said immediately. "Wait in the lobby, and I'll take you to him."

The doors opened, and we entered a gleaming white hall. A string of glass doors ran down both long sides, and a transparent lift like a sparkling crystal stood proud at the end of the room. A handful of steps in the middle of the space led to a small island bearing a robot-operated desk, and a few other silver robots with rifles were standing by the walls. It was silent.

A door suddenly flew open on the other side of the room, and a young woman with soft waves of toffee-coloured hair came out. She walked towards us as fast as she looked like she could go in her high heels -- or as fast as her tight pencil skirt would let her. Her cheeks were pink.

She extended her hand as she drew closer. "Hello! I'm Mary Daniels, Mr Croft's personal assistant."

I was so taken aback by her enthusiasm that it was Alex she ended up shaking hands with first.

Once we'd got that bit out of the way, she led us to the end of the hall. I thought we were heading for the lift, but she stopped next to the door beside it and knocked on the glass. All I could see inside was empty space.

"Mr Croft?" she called. "I've got some police officers. Inspector Rames and -- "

"Come in."

She pushed the door open and held it for us.

We entered the office. Zed Croft was sitting behind a glass desk at the far end, operating five tablets. Nothing else was in there aside from a potted house plant and a bowl of mints at Zed's elbow. I could smell them from where I was standing.

I held up my warrant card again. "Inspector Rames. This is Sergeant O'Sullivan."

Zed waved us over.

There was nowhere for us to sit, so we stood in front of him. It felt a bit like reporting to Dixon.

Mary followed us and hovered at my side. "Would you like me to take your coats? Or fetch you a drink? We have -- "

"Just stay," Zed snapped. "And be silent. I'm sure this won't take long."

"We need to talk to you about Kristina Nixon," I said. "Ronan Lewis told us you were her boyfriend while you were studying at Bright Light University."

"That's right." Zed sat back in his chair. "What a looker she was then. And what fun, too. God! She turned into a plodder when she got with Ronan." He laughed.

"Kristina Nixon is dead , Mr Croft," Alex said.

dead The smirk dropped off his face. "What?"

"She was murdered just after five o'clock this morning at The Diamond Hotel. Where were you?"

"Working in here, as Mary will tell you." He forced some joviality back into his voice. "I do like to start my day bright and early! What happened to her?"

"Someone hacked into one of The Diamond's robots," I said, "and it clubbed her to death."

"Oh." He paled. "That's horrific. Poor Kristina."

"Have you been involved with her since your university days?"

"No. But I bet good old Ronan's told you that I have been, hasn't he? He always had a bee in his bonnet about Kristina and me. You see, she never got over me after we broke up, and it was rather plain for him to see."

"But she married Ronan."

"She just settled for him when I'd made it clear that I was no longer interested. He'd always liked her at university."

"Right." If one thing was plain to see, it was the size of Zed's ego. "I don't suppose you can think of anyone who might have wanted to cause her harm?"

was He steepled his fingers under his chin. "Nope, sorry. We didn't really keep in touch. I have no idea what she was doing with her life -- or who she was making enemies of."

***

Mary let us out of the office when we were finished, apologising for Zed's attitude until she was breathless.

As we walked back through the lobby, I said, " Was Zed in there at the time of Kristina's death?"

Was "Oh, yes. He was working on his tablets. I was using one of them to send a few emails for him."

I exchanged a look with Alex.

"Did you see what he was doing?" my sergeant asked.

"He was working on the finances."

"But did you see that?"

She stopped by the automatic doors. "Well...no. But that's what he was doing." She gestured towards the exit, her expression sharpening. "I hope this visit was helpful. Have a good day."

She stayed there, watching us until we'd walked out.

"What a strange arrangement," I said as we stopped beside the building. "Neither the boss nor the personal assistant seem to like each other -- although Mary still falls over herself to please him. But you'd think someone with as much money as Zed would find it easy to sack her and hire someone more to his taste."

"Maybe he doesn't get along with anyone," Alex replied. "I think there's only room for one ego in his office."

"Hmm." I cracked a smile, but it fell quickly. "Then there are these alibis. You can hack into a robot from anywhere as long as you have a tablet or a tabphone, right?"

"Yes. But Ronan divorced Kristina five years ago, and Zed broke up with her five years before that."

"So why would they kill her now?" I finished, dragging a hand through my hair. "Argh... Let's go and puzzle this over at the station. Maybe then we'll get some better ideas."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 19


Now that Alex was back, going to our office felt like going home. The main body of the police station was made up of glass cubes that served as offices, designed so that everything could be seen by everyone: no secrets, no misconduct. No loneliness either, yet it had still felt empty over the weekend without him. I was a little ashamed that I'd missed him so much.

He shrugged his coat off with a bemused smile. "What?"

I realised that I was grinning at him. "It's just good to see you at your desk again. I need to start writing a report, so why don't you dig into Kristina's tabphone and check her Xplora messages? Then have a look at the national profiles of our people of interest."

His smile vanished. "That's a tall order."

"Better get on with it, then."

"It's early. I think you mentioned a need for coffee."

"Are you trying to worm your way out of this?" I raised an eyebrow, but I couldn't resist. "Fine, you can go and get some -- from the staff cafeteria, not Coffee Glitch. I really need you at your desk."

Alex retrieved what the coffee machine thought passed as a drink that was safe for consumption, and we knuckled down. Time crawled while I slaved over my report of the murder inquiry.

I almost jumped out of my skin when Alex said my name.

He was still rooted to his tabphone. "Kristina hadn't exchanged Xplora messages with any of the suspects recently, but I've just finished looking at everyone's national profiles. Guess what Jasper Jaydes and Mary Daniels both have in common with her?"

I crossed to his desk. "Bright Light University?"

"Yes. Jasper studied English. Mary studied robotic science. Everyone graduated in the same year as Kristina."

I frowned. "That's a big coincidence. I don't like coincidences."

"I know."

"It's a shame none of them have been very forthcoming." I grabbed my jacket. "Let's go to Kristina's flat and see if we can find something there."

***

Kristina Nixon had lived alone in a flat much cleaner and tidier than her ex-husband's. In the living room, a burgundy sofa faced a tiny glass TV, and a new armchair was snuggled next to it. Both were laden with plump Home Sweet Home cushions. Cream lamps and floral coasters stood on end tables beside them, and a pinewood dining table was squashed into the end of the room.

Home Sweet Home Alex shook the cushions on the sofa to see if anything useful fell out. I crossed to the far wall. A couple of hologram photos were projected alongside the TV, all showing a much younger Kristina. She stood with Zed Croft outside Bright Light University. She kissed Zed in a club. And...who was that?

I leaned closer to the final photo. Kristina was standing with a ginger-haired girl who was wearing a wide smile. I didn't recognise her, so I put my ilenz on, attaching the electrodes to my temples.

It scanned both faces automatically. The first national profile to pop up was Kristina's, but I shut that down and examined the profile of the other woman. Her name was Ripley Lewis. She'd attended Bright Light University ten years ago, at the same time as Kristina. I scrolled through the profile for a minute.

"Got something?" Alex was so close that his breath tickled my neck.

I swallowed hard. "Kristina's pictured with a girl called Ripley Lewis here. They attended Bright Light University together, and if this photo's anything to go by, they were good friends. Her national profile says she's Ronan's twin sister and Jasper Jaydes' cousin."



"We should try contacting her."

I turned around, pulling my ilenz off. "She's dead. According to the news reports, she committed suicide in her final year by jumping off the Music Block."

"Jesus."

"Yeah." I slipped past him. "Let's see if she's anywhere else in here."

We moved next door to the kitchen and rooted among pink tins and heart-patterned oven gloves. Nothing turned up there, but in Kristina's bedroom we found another photograph of her and Ripley. It was a real one, held in a wooden frame on her bedside table.

Alex picked it up. "Kristina must have missed her, and Zed, too. She doesn't have photos of anyone else."

"But Ripley's dead, and Zed wasn't in touch with her. So who the hell can we talk to now?" I stopped still, brightening. "Oh, I know. The staff at Bright Light University."

Alex frowned. "They probably haven't seen Kristina since she graduated."

"Whether they have or not, the university is what links everyone together. We have to go."

My sergeant sighed.

I looked at the dark circles under his eyes. "Cheer up. We can stop at Coffee Glitch along the way and get powered up again."

***

Alex spent our whole journey to Bright Light University on his tabphone, looking through ancient Xplora posts for a mention of who'd taught Kristina Nixon and Ripley Lewis. He diverted his attention long enough to order a double espresso at Coffee Glitch, and then he carried on scrolling.

I steered him down the high street as if he was blindfolded. It was nine o'clock, and the lights had finished turning on. Commuters scuttled beneath dark skyscrapers lit up with hologram hearts. Real flowers, an expensive luxury, were being hawked like tea towels by shouty young men on the metal platforms above us. Their scent mixed with the smell of rain-soaked stones from the buildings and burnt rubber from the trams.

The campus of Bright Light University was set back from the road, closed off by gates of bulletproof glass. Behind them, triangular buildings stretched a few hundred feet into the underground sky.

An eye-scanner was mounted beside the gates for the students, and two human guards in body armour were stationed nearby. We showed them our warrant cards and stated our business, and they let us inside.

The black skyscrapers made up a jungle, at least thirty of them arranged in a disorderly fashion around dark, twisting pathways that were regularly broken up by abstract statues made of glass and bright plastics, or the wackiest robots I'd ever seen, deactivated and being used as decoration. Bright Light was renowned for its robotic science course, and I suddenly wondered what they did with the rest of the bizarre projects their students made -- at least half of which were surely riddled with mistakes and didn't work. There wasn't much room for landfill down here...

rest We followed the winding paths, weaving around fashion gurus talking on their tabphones and serious grinders discussing their body-hacking in large groups. At every building, we paused to read the letters carved into the ground-floor windows. They were never the Music Block.

As we stopped yet again, a familiar voice piped up behind us. "Hey. Need some help?"

I whirled on my heel. "Gem!"

The Silver Star's bartender was standing with her hands on her hips. She'd recently dyed her hair lavender, and the soft colour suited her delicate features. She grinned. "Hi, Amber. Hi, Alex."



"Hi," I said. "What are you doing here?"

"I've started helping out in the Art Block on my days off." She tilted her head towards the heart of the campus. "I was just on my way to fetch a paint delivery, but I can take you somewhere if you want."

"If you're sure," I said. "I don't want to get you into trouble."

"I'll say you asked me. I can't refuse the police, can I?" She winked. "Is this about The Diamond murder?"

Alex frowned. "How do you know about that?"

"It was all over Xplora this morning. So, where do you need to go?"

"The Music Block," I said. "Alex, did you find the name of the professor?"

He glanced at his tabphone again. "Lars Stephenson."

"I have no idea who that is," Gem said cheerfully. "But I can find the Music Block. Follow me."

She led us deeper into the campus until we reached a crossroad courtyard, and she stopped outside the first skyscraper on the left. "Here we are!"

I tipped my head back and stared. I couldn't even see the top. "All of this is the Music Block?"

"Yep!"

Bloody hell. That would have been a long way for Ripley to fall.

I turned back to Gem. "Thank you."

"Any time! I hope you'll come to the pub again soon. I didn't see you with the others last night." She turned around and went back the other way.

Alex raised an eyebrow. "You didn't go out with Sebastian and Otto? I thought you'd already agreed."

"Drinks at The Silver Star is an inspector-sergeant gathering. It would have been lonely without you there." To wind him up, I added, "I've just spent my free time wandering the city in the dark instead. Sometimes the rain."

He frowned, and I grinned.

The ground floor of the Music Block was a triangular lobby surrounded by lifts and stairwells. Students hurried up the steps or emerged from lift cars. A circular desk stood in the centre of the room, manned by a robot. I looked at Alex when we reached it.

One corner of his mouth quirked upwards. "Where is Professor Stephenson?"

"Room 34, on the fifth floor," the robot said.

We looked around us. Electric signs hung over every staircase and lift. Alex started towards the stairs that would take us directly to the fifth floor.

"No," I moaned. "I can't keep up with you. We're getting the bloody lift."

***

When we reached the fifth floor, I was thankful to find that the doors had name plaques. The one labelled Professor Stephenson was wide open, and its occupant was sitting at his desk. He was a lean, middle-aged man who looked up over the rims of his wireless glasses as we approached the doorway, offering us an automatic smile.

I stopped with my toes over the threshold. "Professor Stephenson?"

"That's me," he said. "Do come in."

We entered properly and flashed our warrant cards.

"Inspector Rames and Sergeant O'Sullivan," I said. "Socrico Police. We're here to ask some questions about Ripley Lewis. She died here in 2176. We believe you taught her."

Professor Stephenson furrowed his brow. "Yes. She jumped off this building in her final year. It was very tragic -- and a long time ago."

"It's cropped up in a recent murder inquiry. Her best friend was killed this morning. Kristina Nixon."



Stephenson sat back. "I just read about that on Xplora. But I didn't know Kristina."

"Then tell us about Ripley," Alex said.

"It was a shock." Stephenson gazed across the room, his eyes turning distant. "It still is. Apparently she'd been depressed, but we never knew because she wasn't diagnosed. The police found a diary afterwards, filled with suicidal thoughts and methods on...well, you know. How to do it."

Bloody hell. That was as chilling as it was tragic. "Did she never seem unhappy in your lectures?"

His mouth turned down as he thought. "I suppose she was a little stressed from time to time, but all my students are. It was her final year. She had a lot of things to get done in order to take home the degree she'd slaved over. That's why it was such a shock."

"You mentioned that you didn't know Kristina," Alex said. "Did you never even see her? Did she ever wait outside the classroom for Ripley?"

"No, but that boy sometimes did." Professor Stephenson ran a hand through his thinning hair. "Er...Zed somebody?"

"Zed Croft? Kristina's boyfriend at the time?"

"That's the one." The professor sat back. "I believe they were all good friends."

***

"I wonder who else was friends with those three," I said as we walked across campus. "Ripley's relatives, Ronan and Jasper? Whatever the case, their links here are strong. Kristina was best friends with Ripley, married Ripley's brother, and worked for Ripley's cousin. She dated Zed while they were here, and she and Zed took robotic science with Mary Daniels."

Alex frowned, scanning our surroundings. He stopped beside another dark building. "This is the Robotic Science Block."

We discovered that Kristina's old professor, Minerva West, was teaching on the sixth floor. As we rode the lift up there, Alex pushed his hands into his coat pockets and glared at the opposite wall.

"What?" I asked.

He glanced at me. "I was just wondering who'd have Ripley's diary now. Us? Or do you think it was given to her parents afterwards?"

"You want to look at it?"

"She might have mentioned Kristina."

The lift doors slid open, and we stepped out. I hummed thoughtfully. "Maybe. I'll see what I can do when we get back to the station."

Professor West's room was a workshop filled to the brim with exactly what I hated most -- electronics. Wires were gathered on the ceiling and hanging low over the students' heads. Robots were sprawled across work surfaces, their chests or backs open. Tablets hovered in the air and cluttered up desks. A crowd of students flocked around it all, constantly moving.

Minerva West, an elderly woman wearing dungarees, was standing next to an eight-foot robot at the front of the room and talking to one of her charges. He had his back to us, so all I could see of him was his tall frame, blond hair, and strange jacket. BITCH was sewn across the denim.

BITCH "I don't know what else to say, Evan," Professor West murmured. "If you keep on handing them in late, you just won't get your -- " She caught sight of us. "Oh."

The boy took his chance to escape into the crowd.

Professor West strode across the room to us. I went through our introductions and asked if we could speak with her about some former students. She came out and shut the door behind her with a liver-spotted hand.

"Kristina Nixon was an old student of mine," she said immediately. "Is that who you wanted to talk about? I saw an article on Xplora by that big journalist, Clyde Edwards, saying she was murdered."

I gritted my teeth. Bloody Clyde .

Bloody Clyde "Can you tell us anything about her?" Alex asked.

"Oh, she was very passionate about this subject. She was desperate to work for a company like Ackerman Electronics or Castle Robotics, but she didn't have the same spark that some of my other students did."

"Like Zed Croft or Mary Daniels?"

West shook her head vehemently. "No, not Zed! He was too lazy. I have no idea if he was talented or not -- he never turned in a scrap of work. Mary, though, was my star pupil. She hardly had anything to learn in the beginning, yet her talent somehow grew even greater. She could have hacked a bank without leaving a trace."

"Right..." That was something to consider. "Going back to Kristina -- she and Zed were in a relationship, weren't they?"

"Yes. Lord knows what Kristina saw in him, when she was so passionate and he was so lazy. They broke up near the end of their final year. I think it was because of Ripley, you know. Witnessing that sort of tragedy must have torn the relationship apart."

"Ripley Lewis?" Alex repeated. "They witnessed her suicide?"

witnessed "Yes!" Professor West's eyes brightened. "I'm surprised you didn't know. There were all sorts of rumours flying around afterwards! It was just Kristina, Zed, and Ripley -- no one knows where the others were. The story goes that the three of them got roaring drunk and went up to the top of the music tower. It was Ripley's idea. She told them how much she hated her life and just jumped right off. But people whispered -- "

I frowned. "Hang on, you said 'others.' Were they were all friends? Kristina Nixon, Zed Croft, Ripley and Ronan Lewis, and Jasper Jaydes?"

"Yes. Thick as thieves, the five of them were, or so they say. Not so thick afterwards."

"What about Mary?"

"My Mary Daniels? Never." Her speech quickened with excitement. "Anyway, people said afterwards that it was really Kristina's idea to go up to the roof. It was common knowledge that Zed had been unfaithful to her during their time here, and lots of people thought he was sweet on Ripley. You know what students are like. Young and wild, changing their relationships at the drop of a hat. And you just have to wonder whether it was true, and Kristina decided she'd had enough."

Kristina's ***

Our final destination was back where we'd started -- the Music Block. The roof was easy enough to get to. There was no locked door to keep students away from the danger, or even a chain across the steps to warn them off. We strolled across a wide sheet of thick, slippery glass and stopped a little way from the edge. The people below us looked like ants.

I tried to imagine Kristina, Zed, and Ripley standing up here. I tried to imagine Kristina pushing Ripley. I tried to imagine Ripley jumping off.

"It's so easy," I said. "Easy for someone to have pushed her; easy for her to have jumped. But rumours are rumours. Evidence confirms it was a suicide. No one can argue that she wasn't planning to kill herself."

Alex stared across the sky at the other glassy rooftops. "I want the diary. I still think it would help us."

"Okay, fine. But before we try looking for it, I want another word with Kristina's boss and her old boyfriend. We'll see if we can get them to talk about their university days." I turned away from the edge.

"Right. One more thing..." Alex's voice lightened. "Where did you go to university?"

you "I didn't. I joined the police through an apprenticeship." I threw a grin over my shoulder as I descended the stairs. "Why, did you think I was a wild student, Alex?"

I

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 20


The Diamond Hotel was closer to the university than Duty Bank, so it was Jasper we visited first. By the time we arrived, it was mid-morning, and the electro-tape had been moved so it was circling the front desk only. A PRB was standing guard there, and a different receptionist was hovering nervously next to it. Ironically, an outdated poster advertising a part-time position was pinned to the wall behind her.

She told us that Jasper was in his penthouse, so we rode the lift up to the top floor. Brady the housekeeper was standing outside the penthouse door in much the same manner as the PRB downstairs. He examined us disapprovingly with his golden eyes. "Jasper's having a meeting. He'll be out in a minute."

I leaned against the door, listening. I could make out one muffled voice.

"Who's he with?" Alex asked.

"The other staff. It's about..." He lowered his voice. "Kristina."

The voice stopped. Others filled its place. Then someone thumped towards the door.

I stepped back just in time to avoid being run over. A group of smartly-dressed staff hurried past us and entered the lift. Jasper appeared in the doorway behind them.

"Just raising morale," he said. "Do come in. Thank you, Brady."

We followed Jasper into the penthouse, and Brady followed us. He sat on a leather sofa and lit a cigarette. It seemed openly defiant, surely a breach of the hotel rules -- and surely a major risk to Jasper, too, when every wall of his office was hidden behind dark bookcases. They held real, old-fashioned books, not flimsy hover-backs, most of them hardback editions without their dustjackets. The block colours of their covers were faded, and the tops of their pages were yellow. No one needed to tell me that they were from the surface, or that they were worth a fortune.

The whole room was like a library: dim, muted, cosy. Jasper retreated behind his desk and turned on a lamp, even though it was still early in the day. He clasped his hands together on the solid oak and sat back.

room "You were expecting us," I said cautiously.

"Oh, yes." Jasper picked up his tablet and tapped it. "See?"

We stood behind him and looked at the Xplora article on screen. Updates on The Diamond Murder (Clyde Edwards) .

Updates on The Diamond Murder (Clyde Edwards) Alex and I were pictured at the top of the page, showing our warrant cards to the guards outside the gates of Bright Light University. The caption read: A dark past? Leading investigators on The Diamond murder inquiry enter Bright Light University, where Kristina Nixon graduated in 2176. The photo was credited as Clyde's own. I glared at it, wondering how I'd managed not to notice him lurking.

A dark past? Leading investigators on The Diamond murder inquiry enter Bright Light University, where Kristina Nixon graduated in 2176. Jasper closed the article and put his tablet into sleep mode. He turned his chair to face us. "That journalist's already been here to nose around. When I saw the picture, I realised you were looking into Kristina's university days and that you'd want to speak with me again. However, I must say that I don't see how it links to her murder."

"Everything about Kristina is important to the inquiry," I said. "So, am I right in thinking that you were friends with her while you were at university?"

"That's correct. Friends from the first year."

"And the other members of your friendship group," Alex said. "They were her boyfriend, Zed Croft; her future husband and your cousin, Ronan Lewis; and her best friend, Ripley Lewis. Ripley was also your cousin."

Jasper winced. "Ah, yes...Ripley. I'm sure you found out what happened to her."

"Were you aware that she was suicidal before she died?" I asked.



"No," he replied hoarsely.

"Were you aware of the diary she kept? The research she conducted into various methods?"

"Not at the time, no."

"Kristina and Zed were both with her when she died," Alex said. "Some people speculated that Kristina pushed her off the roof."

I looked at him, surprised he'd mentioned it. Brady took a deep drag of his cigarette and glanced at Jasper with some concern.

"Oh, Zed played the field." Jasper sat back in his chair, returning our gazes levelly. "And Kristina knew it."

"Do you believe she killed your cousin?"

"No!" Jasper's face changed like a thunderclap, grief and anger twisting his features. " No . Why would I have employed her if I believed that? We were all devastated afterwards, and we drifted apart. But when Kristina applied for a job here, I thought I ought to take her under my wing."

No all "She must have come here straight after her divorce."

"Yes. In her last weeks with Ronan, she left her old job under some twisted notion that she was going to come into some money and live comfortably."

I tucked my hands in my pockets. "Sounds like she wasn't expecting the divorce."

"I suppose." Jasper slid his ashtray towards Brady, sensing that the housekeeper was about to use it. "She never really spoke of the split."

He glanced at Brady for confirmation, and they shared a deep look. Brady shrugged in agreement.

I looked at Alex and shrugged, too.

***

"Kristina's divorce with Ronan is looking a bit strange," I said as we left The Diamond. "She thought she was going to come into some money, but then the opposite thing -- "

My earpiece buzzed. I stopped in my tracks and tapped it twice. "Rames speaking."

"Amber, this is Dixon. There's been a shooting at Duty Bank."

I blinked. "What?"

"PRBs have been dispatched, but if you're nearby..."

"Of course...we'll go." I ended the call and grabbed Alex's hand without thinking. "Quickly!"

There was a tram stop at the end of the road, and we reached it just as one skidded to a halt. I spent a minute relaying Dixon's words to Alex on board, and then we were off again and running for someone else's life.

When we reached the bank, we stumbled to a stop in front of the facial recognition scanner. I drew my pistol and rapped on the screen. "Police! Let us in."

The doors flew open, and Mary's voice came over the intercom. "Inspector, I need help!"

"We're coming!" I said.

We stared into the lobby, our guns raised. The centre of the gleaming room was deserted. Even the robot behind the desk had gone.

"You check the right," I whispered to Alex. "I'll check the left."

I crouched down so that my head and chest wouldn't be level with the barrel of any gun that was waiting for us. Then I peered around the doors into the left-hand side of the lobby.

Nothing.

I pulled back. "Alex?"

"Clear."

We stood up and entered the lobby. I raised my gun again and turned around on the spot, checking above us. Still nothing. There was not a scream, not a whisper, not a drop of blood.

I raised my voice. "Mary?"

The door opposite us flew open. Mary was standing there, tears running down her cheeks. "In here!"

Alex strode across the lobby. "The shooter -- "

"Gone."

We lowered our pistols and entered her office. Zed was lying in front of the desk, holding a cloth to his chest. Blood dribbled over his fingers. He coughed, and more frothed at the corner of his mouth. "I-Inspector..."

I dropped to my knees beside him. "Mary, he doesn't have the strength to apply pressure. Hold it on yourself."

She did as I'd instructed. I pulled my jumper off and slid it under her hands, aiding the blood-soaked cloth.

Now what?

Most gunshot wounds to the chest are sucking chest wounds , Cassia had once told me. Air is entering the wound but not leaving it, which will eventually cause a lung to collapse.

Most gunshot wounds to the chest are sucking chest wounds Air is entering the wound but not leaving it, which will eventually cause a lung to collapse. The most obvious symptom was what the condition had been named after. I leaned closer to him and listened.

The wound was making a sucking noise.

"Mary, get his shirt open," I said. "Alex, we need tape and something plastic. Zed, can you, uh, feel an exit wound?"

His eyelids fluttered. He didn't reply.

I gingerly lifted one shoulder to look at his back, praying he didn't have a spinal cord injury. There was no wound on the other side.

"Okay, good," I said. "One wound."

Alex crouched beside me with some duct tape he'd swiped from the desk. Mary ripped Zed's shirt open and applied pressure to his chest again with my jumper.

I took the tape from Alex. "Plastic?"

He handed me an empty bio-plastic food bag.

"Mary, stop the pressure," I said.

She lifted the jumper up. I slapped the plastic bag over the wound and taped it down on three sides, leaving the bottom open. The idea was that with each exhale, the air already in his chest would be pushed out through the wound, and with each inhale the plastic would -- hopefully -- flatten against his skin and stop air from coming in again.

"Alex, check his pulse," I said. "Mary, apply pressure again."

"No pulse." Alex's fingers were on Zed's wrist. He bent over and listened carefully. "No breathing."

"Fuck! Mary, reduce pressure so his chest can move."

Mary loosened her hold on the jumper. We all stared at Zed, waiting to see the rise and fall of his chest. It stayed still.

"Keep monitoring his pulse." I started doing chest compressions.

Noise erupted outside. Boots thumped into the lobby.

"In here!" Mary yelled.

"Still no pulse," Alex said. "Amber, I think he's -- "

The door flew open, and a crowd of people tumbled in. Paramedics swarmed around us. Mary was the first to get out of their way, and then Alex and I were pushed back.

They examined Zed. They took over the CPR. They tried to intubate him.

Ten minutes later, they declared him dead.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 21


"You were good in there," Alex said softly. "Really good."

I kept my eyes fixed on the door to Mary's office.

"Amber, no bystander could have done better than that. You knew exactly what you were doing. It was amazing."

I glanced at him, standing there calmly, not a speck on his suit. My jumper was unwearable, so I was left with my tank top and leather jacket. I was going to freeze once we were outside, and I kept thinking about that. Absently.

The door to the office flew open, and Cassia emerged. Strands of platinum hair had come loose from her ponytail and were falling into her eyes. Behind her, someone caught the door before it could shut again. I saw PRBs putting Zed in a body bag.

"Well?" I asked as my sister stopped in front of us.

"There's not a lot I can tell you right now that you don't already know. He was shot in the chest with a pistol and it killed him."

"Did I miss anything? Was I too slow?"

"You did everything right, Ambie." She squeezed my shoulder. "I think he was a goner the moment he was hit. I'll try to call you after the post-mortem."

The PRBs wheeled the body bag out of the office on a trolley. Cassia followed it.

I took a deep breath and turned away to survey the rest of the scene. Mary was sitting on the steps in front of the desk, crying while a paramedic checked her over. A blanket was around her shoulders, and DC Laney was consoling her.

"Interview time," I said. "I want to know what the hell we just walked into."

We crossed the lobby to the steps. A stern glance at Laney and the paramedic sent them away, and I sat down on one side of Mary. Alex sat down on the other. She pulled the blanket tight and shivered, watching the doors close behind the body bag.

"Mary," I said gently. "We need to know what happened."

She sat still for a long moment. Then she whispered, "It was them."

"Who?" Alex asked.

"The same person who killed Kristina. The robot shot him."

"What robot? One of yours?"

"Yes, but it's gone now. Mr Croft..." She swallowed hard and closed her eyes. "He'd come into my office, and it saw him through the glass... It came in and shot him. It kept saying his name. And then it said that h-he'd been bad?"

Alex and I exchanged a grim look.

"What was Zed doing in your office?" I asked.

"He came to check I'd sent those emails I told you I was doing earlier. At least, that's as far as he got. I don't know if he came in for anything else..." Her eyes filled as she opened them.

"What did you think of him?"

She stared at me. "Think of him?"

"Did you think he was a nice man?" I watched her closely. "Or maybe the kind to make enemies?"

"Oh," she whispered. "I don't -- I didn't like him much, but I would never h-have wished t-that..." She covered her face and sobbed.

didn't Alex dug around in his pockets and offered her a packet of tissues. We stayed on the steps for a few minutes, silent, until she'd calmed down again. Then I stood up. "We'll catch this bastard, Mary. I promise."

We crossed to the desk, where the robot receptionist was on duty again. I didn't even have to ask Alex to do the talking for me.

"Show us your CCTV footage," he said.



"I must ask permission from Zed," the robot replied stiffly. Then, after a moment: "There is a connection failure."

"Zed isn't here. He's dead."

"I must ask permission from Zed," the robot repeated.

Alex glanced across the room. "Ask Mary."

The robot followed his gaze and stared at the personal assistant with its bright, eerie eyes. It left the desk and went over.

While we waited, Alex turned to me. "Both witnesses to Ripley's fall have been killed. You don't like coincidences."

"No," I sighed. "At least we know we were right in front of Jasper when it happened, and all the tablets in the office were switched off."

"We need to talk with Ronan."

The robot came back. "You have permission to look at the security footage. It is streamed to Zed's office."

We were shown to Zed's office. The robot unlocked his tablet for us and found the CCTV footage. Alex rewound it to the right place, then pressed play.

On screen, the armed robots were all standing still against the walls like they had been on our first visit. Thirty seconds must have passed before one of them spasmed without warning, and its eyes flared brighter, like Alpha at The Diamond Hotel. Hefting its rifle, it walked across the lobby to Mary's office.

It flung the door open, and a gunshot cracked over the microphone. A woman screamed.

"Is that me?" Mary asked meekly.

I glanced up at her, but I didn't reply until we'd watched the robot turn around and walk right out of the bank. Alex stopped the video.

"I assume so," I said. "Could you answer a few more questions for us, please?"

She crept across the threshold. "I feel sick -- I want to go home..."

"I just want to ask you a few questions about your time at university."

Mary stopped. "My...what does Bright Light have to do with this?"

"A lot." Alex turned his chair around to join mine. "You took the same degree as Kristina and Zed. Jasper Jaydes, Ripley Lewis, and Ronan Lewis were also students at the same time as you."

She nodded. "They were all there. But I wasn't friends with them."

"So how did you end up working for Zed?" I asked.

"He had a position open last year, and I applied. I was desperate, which is why I stayed even though he was...well, Zed."

"Is there anything he might have done while he was at university to make enemies? Any scandals you heard of?"

She bit her lip. "Er...no. But there was a scandal afterwards, of course."

My eyebrows rose. " Of course? "

Of course? "You didn't know? The idea for this bank was dreamed up by Kristina Nixon and her ex-husband years ago. Mr Croft told me. Ronan was the architect, and it was Kristina's idea to have so much done by the robots. She designed every one, too. Most of them are behind the scenes, of course. Mr Croft and I are the only humans working here, and that makes it the securest bank in Socrico. Robots don't care if someone walks in and holds them at gunpoint." Her voice cracked, and she swallowed hard.

But it seems robots do shoot people .

But it seems robots do shoot people "He said that Kristina heard he was setting up a bank, and she made the executive decision to sell the plans to him. Ronan was furious. The idea had been his baby." She looked down and fiddled with the hem of her skirt. "I always thought that must have been why they divorced."



"Bloody hell," I said. "Yes, it probably would be."

***

Alex copied the CCTV footage to our tabphones, and then we took off to Ronan's flat. His doorbell informed us that he wasn't in.

We couldn't get through to him by making an Xplora call, either. We even tried tracking him, but his battery must have been drained, because there was no transmission, blocked or otherwise. Tabphones can be tracked even when they're switched off, but not if the battery is dead.

In the end, we went back to the station.

"You know what strikes me as strange?" I said in our office. "We asked Mary if she'd heard of any scandals involving Zed while she was at university, and she said no. She didn't breathe a word about him witnessing Ripley's suicide. What about all the rumours afterwards?"

"They were about Kristina," Alex said. "Not Zed."

"I still think it should have come to mind." I sat down behind my desk. "Review the CCTV footage and see if there's an identification number on that robot. Once you've tracked it, get out of here and seize it."

"All right."

I had a few of my own tasks on my hands now, the first of which involved trying to contact Zed's estranged family. They lived in New London, like a large percentage of the population, and had already been informed of their son's death by the local police. They weren't particularly interested in talking to me, and they didn't have anything useful to say either.

I was writing about this unhelpfulness in my report when Alex suddenly stood up. "Got the robot. It's idling a few blocks away. I'll fetch it."

He left. I gave up on my work a few minutes later and went to find Dixon. He wasn't in his office, so I wandered around the station, glancing into the glass cubes.

When I reached Sebastian's office, I saw the homicide inspector and his sergeant, Otto Gibbs, at their desks. Sebastian was twirling his vape between his fingers, probably wishing he could use it. Dixon was standing a few paces inside with his back to the door.

I pulled it open and stuck my head in. "Am I missing a party?"

"I wish," Sebastian said.

Dixon turned around. "Do you need something, Amber?"

"Yes, sir. I want to know if the station still has the evidence that was gathered for the inquest of Ripley Lewis -- she committed suicide in 2176. I'm specifically looking for a diary."

Dixon frowned. "Two people have been murdered today, and you want to examine a suicide from ten years ago?"

"Yes, sir."

Sebastian grinned. "I'm sure she has a reason."

"I should hope so. Wait in your office, and I'll see what I can do for you. But I expect to see you working on the current murders when I come in."

current murders I went back to my office. The rear wall of our little cube was made of touchglass -- interactive glass like the material used for the public divider at the front of the station. It essentially turned the whole office into a giant tablet, and it was the one piece of technology I enjoyed working with. There was no better way to organise information than creating a huge mind map of case notes on the wall.

I woke the touchglass up and gathered the national profile pictures of our victims and all the people who were linked with them. Then I put together the bare bones of a diagram with crossing lines and brief notes. In the space of twenty-four hours, two people had been brutally murdered -- and too many people for comfort were linked with them both.



Kristina Nixon: deceased. Zed Croft: deceased.

Kristina Nixon: deceased. Zed Croft: deceased. Ripley Lewis. Old university friend of Kristina. Old university friend of Zed. Both witnessed her suicide in 2176. Sister of Ronan Lewis. Cousin of Jasper Jaydes.

Ripley Lewis. Old university friend of Kristina. Old university friend of Zed. Both witnessed her suicide in 2176. Sister of Ronan Lewis. Cousin of Jasper Jaydes. Ronan Lewis. Kristina's ex-husband and old university friend. Divorced because she sold bank plans to Zed? Old university friend of Zed. Brother of Ripley Lewis. Cousin of Jasper Jaydes.



Ronan Lewis. Kristina's ex-husband and old university friend. Divorced because she sold bank plans to Zed? Old university friend of Zed. Brother of Ripley Lewis. Cousin of Jasper Jaydes.



Jasper Jaydes. Kristina's boss. Old university friend of Kristina. Old university friend of Zed. Cousin of Ripley Lewis and Ronan Lewis.

Jasper Jaydes. Kristina's boss. Old university friend of Kristina. Old university friend of Zed. Cousin of Ripley Lewis and Ronan Lewis. Mary Daniels. Took same degree (robotic science) as Kristina and Zed. Zed's personal assistant.

Mary Daniels. Took same degree (robotic science) as Kristina and Zed. Zed's personal assistant. Professors spoken to: Lars Stephenson, Minerva West.

Professors spoken to: Lars Stephenson, Minerva West. The office door swung open behind me. Dixon came in and put a zip-lock bag containing an old tablet on my desk. "This belonged to Ripley Lewis. According to the case report, it's where she kept the diary you want."

"Thank you, sir." I sat down and slid it out of the bag. "I haven't seen a model like this in forever."

"Where's Alex?"

"Detaining and examining the robot that shot Zed this afternoon."

"So you are working on today's murders."

are "Yes, sir."

He strode over to the touchglass wall and frowned at my notes. A minute passed while he read them. "This Ronan Lewis looks like he has a strong motive."

"Yes, sir, but we can't track him. His battery's dead."

"Keep trying."

I sighed. "Yes, sir."

***

Alex came back a while later with the result I'd been expecting -- he'd found the robot and examined it, but the hacker had left no trace of their online identity.

Unexpectedly, the rifle it had shot Zed with had gone missing. This seemed to set the tone for the rest of the afternoon, as we made no further progress.

When five o'clock came, Alex plucked Ripley's tablet off my charging pad and tucked it under his arm. I looked between him and it. "I am still coming over tonight, aren't I?" Despite everything, a wedge of disappointment lodged itself in my stomach at the thought that he might have forgotten.

He smiled, his features softening. "Yes. But perhaps we should go our separate ways for now."

"How about I go home and get changed, and I'll come around in an hour?"

"Great." His smile grew. "I'll see you there."

Feeling guilty about our arrangement, I let him leave first. Relationships between superiors and subordinates had a prison sentence attached, and I'd broken the law on New Year's Eve by kissing him. What I was about to do now was not a lot better.

But it's to stop it from happening again.

But it's to stop it from happening again. I left the station five minutes later. It was already dark, and I strode quickly up the lane before turning onto the high street. A tram shot past, splashing through a puddle from the previous day's rain. The rails meant there was less room for pedestrians, and I was jostled and bashed as I weaved between them. I fought through the crowd until I reached the turning for a quieter road with no tram rails running down it. There, I stuck to the shadows, thinking of Alex.

When I reached my block of flats, my thoughts drifted to his stay in Rosek. And Rosek in general. My old sergeant, Nina Howell, was still working there with her new title as a detective inspector. I still missed her.

I rode the lift up to my floor. Maybe I'd have time to call her once I'd showered and changed. We'd finally settled into the routine of having a catch-up every week since the New Year, and we were due another.

The lift stopped, and the doors opened. I stepped out. Yes, calling Nina would be nice. I could talk to her about this investigation and --

I froze.

Clyde was standing outside my flat, his back to me. His fist was resting against the doorbell.

"I'm sorry, Amber isn't at home right now," the doorbell said. "Would you like to leave a message?"

I turned around and jammed the buttons on the lift. I may have been a cop, and I may have had a gun, but I sure as hell didn't want to be alone with Clyde.

The lift doors creaked open. I winced and glanced over my shoulder.

Clyde turned around. His dark eyes glinted. "Hello, Amber. You weren't going somewhere, were you?"



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 22


I reluctantly moved away from the lift. "What do you want, Clyde?"

"To see you, of course." Clyde gave me a charming smile; a glimpse of the man I'd been with. "I miss you."

"Bullshit."

His grin turned malicious. "Not so. But I also came to give you some news. Something's come up with your uncle. I thought you'd like to know."

I stilled. "What do you mean?"

"Well..." Clyde jerked his head towards my front door. "Why don't you let me in, and we'll talk? You wouldn't want anyone else to hear."

I glanced over my shoulder. The corridor was empty. "I think here's just fine."

He laughed. "You usually try to find strength in numbers when you see me! Now look at you. I'll say it again: let me inside."

"I'll say my line again. Here. Is. Just. Fine."

my "Let's see, then." He dragged his words out. "A little birdie tells me Eric's been arrested."

A lump rose in my throat. "The same charge?"

"I don't know for sure. But wouldn't it be terrible if it was? Then your father's name would get dragged into things...and then your name might join it..."

Cold sweat spread across my palms. "It would be by your hands, of course. You'd write the article."

"And the rest of the journalists would follow. We're wolves, I'm afraid. That's what you called us once, isn't it?" His voice softened. "I want to help you. I want to keep your name out of this. But the thing is, I'll need something in return."

want "Of course you will."

"I need you to get back with me. I need you on my arm again. We looked good together."

"You mean you miss having a cop as a girlfriend -- you miss getting the inside scoop." I shook my head. "Do what you like, Clyde, but I am never getting involved with you again."

"We'll see. I've terrified you, and we both know it." He put his hand on my shoulder.

"Get off me."

He looked into my eyes and squeezed.

I reached for my gun.

He let go and strolled away. A few seconds later, the lift doors creaked shut. It rumbled down to the ground floor.

I stumbled into my flat, hot all over. The first thing I did was throw the living room window open. I hung out of it for a while, staring at the shadows in the street and trying to remember how to breathe.

The second thing I did was go into the kitchen.

My punch bag was still hanging at the end of the room, and I saw nothing else as I walked towards it. My leather jacket slipped from my shoulders. I dumped it on the counter and struck out.

I swung again and again, descending into a mad flurry of blows. My heart rate rocketed. Sweat seeped down my back.

I hit the punch bag like I wanted to kill it. It was the only way out for my anger. But the bag remained sturdy; unbreakable.

Spinning around, I struck blindly. My fist collided with the coffee machine. Plastic cracked and caved in around my knuckles.

I yanked it so hard that the plug flew out, sharp pins flinging upwards and stinging my cheek. I threw it across the kitchen with a war cry. It crashed into the opposite wall, metal components falling apart and spilling across the floor. Something shattered, and a small surge of satisfaction rushed through my veins.



When I lifted the remains over my head and brought them down again, everything fell apart. I stamped on the pieces, and they crunched beneath my boots. Finally, when it was nothing, I stopped and caught my breath.

My palms stung. The plastic shards I was holding onto were covered in blood, and I dropped them, turning around to the sink. Everything else in the kitchen was tidy and undisturbed. Not even my punch bag swayed.

I washed the blood off my hands, then grabbed my jacket. I dug out my tabphone and sent my father an Xplora message on my way to the bathroom.

Taking a shower didn't wash my anger away , but it weighed my limbs down until I was too heavy to hold the energy. By the time I was dry and I'd swapped my contact lenses for glasses, I felt calmer.

away I dragged myself into my bedroom and slowly turned my attention to what on earth I was going to wear for Alex. This wasn't a date. It was anything but a date. And yet I agonised over my choices, for once unable to bring myself to just turn up in jeans.

but Eventually, I settled on a wine-coloured jumper dress, dark tights, and over the knee boots. The dress was a decent length, the tights were a respectable shade, and the boots hid most of my legs. I shrugged my leather jacket back on, tidied up my short hair, and strode into the hallway.

I stopped with my hand on the doorknob. I was forgetting something.

The window and Mitzy. That was it.

Striding back into my kitchen, I retrieved a sachet of wet cat food and waited for Mitzy to arrive. She always knew when I opened the cupboard.

But she didn't come.

"Mitzy!" I called. Maybe she was asleep. "Dinner time!"

No quiet feet thudded through the flat.

"Mitzy?"

I checked the hallway. I checked my bedroom. I checked the bathroom. Nothing.

I looked in the living room. The curtains were flapping in the chilly breeze, and I went to the open window. My flat was facing a courtyard of bins at the back of the building, and a tall, spindly tree stood between the rubbish. Mitzy must have gone through the window and climbed down, trying to keep out of my way while I'd been breaking things.

What now? I couldn't go out and leave the window open, but if I shut it, she wouldn't be able to get back in. And she was very much a house cat.

"Oh, fuck it." I shut the window. "Mitzy, you'll have to go feral for a couple of hours."

***

Alex lived a five-minute walk away, in the same block of flats I'd escorted him to on his first day. When I reached number eleven, I rang the doorbell, and the camera surfaced instantly.

"May I come in?" I asked.

"Let me ask Alex."

I stared at myself while I waited, wondering if I should have put mascara on.

The camera suddenly vanished, and the door opened smoothly. Alex was standing right behind it, his jacket and tie off and his shirt sleeves rolled away from his forearms. "Hello. I was just about to call and ask if you wanted me to fetch you."

I raised an eyebrow. "Fetch me?"

"In case things like Clyde were lurking in the dark." His gaze drifted to my bloodied knuckles.

"Oh, Clyde's already been. He was outside my flat when I got there."

Alex met my eyes. "Are you all right?"



"It was fine. He was nothing more than a twat."

"Then why do you look like you've had a round with your kitchen wall?"

"I missed the punch bag."

He frowned and took my hands, looking at my cuts under the harsh light of the corridor. He held them so gently that my insides quivered.

When he'd accepted the damage, he let them go and stepped back. "Come in."

I went inside, and he shut the front door behind me. He hesitated, his hands hovering to take my jacket, and then he dropped them again. I shrugged it off and hung it up myself, next to his dark trench coat. My mouth had already turned dry.

He put some distance between us again. "I'm cooking pizza. Is that all right?"

"That's great," I said absently. "Hell, this place is really nice."

The hallway was wide and bright, and hologram photographs were speckled between the doorways. They pictured Alex and older people I presumed were his family, Alex graduating university, and a teenage Alex with a younger girl who bore the same features as him.

"You almost sound disappointed," he teased.

"I feel ashamed." I turned away from his photos. "I made you eat in such a dump when you had dinner with me."

"Your flat is great."

"Alex, I don't even have a dining table! I made you eat off your lap!"

He smiled. "Well, I do have a dining table. But before you see it, take your boots off."

I started to tug off one boot. Then I stopped. "You wear your shoes inside."

your "That's not what I meant. You're wearing a dress." His eyes trailed down my body. "I've never seen you wearing a dress before."

His gaze left heat in its wake, and I blushed furiously. Plenty of men had looked at me like that before -- and yet, somehow, no one had looked at me like Alex did.

He turned away suddenly, his eyes dark, and strode into the kitchen. I hesitated, one boot on and one boot off, then took both off and followed him.

The kitchen was short and wide, and a glass dining table stood in the middle, surrounded by glossy counters. His oven was an enormous thing stretching partway up the wall with two doors. Both were glowing.

two "Two ovens?" I arched an eyebrow. "I didn't know you cooked so much."

Alex smiled. "I do when the occasion is worth it."

We dithered for a moment, suddenly on the brink of being awkward, and then I sat down at his table and made myself at home. He sat down slowly opposite me.

"We should talk about work," I said. "That might remind us why we're here."

I finally filled him in on what we were supposed to have covered in the briefing: robbery, court trials, assaults...he listened to it all without interruption. Eventually, the timer on the oven went off, and I shut up so that he could finish preparing dinner.

He didn't say anything until it was dished up, his expression thoughtful.

"I'm glad everything's under control," he said as he handed me a plate of pizza and sat down. "But I'm still sorry I wasn't here."

"It's okay. It was only for a few days." I picked up a pizza slice. "So, your aunt's out of hospital now?"

She'd fallen down a flight of stairs the previous week, and her situation had been unclear at first when Alex had been told. He'd taken off to Rosek not knowing what to expect, then called me the next morning with the relatively good news that she'd broken her arm in two places and undergone minor surgery.



"Yes. She'll take a while to heal, but she's recovering. I know she had my parents with her, but I still wanted to stay -- "

"You don't need to explain yourself." Although there were other things I did want explaining. His struggle to behave himself tonight when practising our good behaviour had been his idea, for instance. Or the photos in the hall of people he'd never spoken about before.

did "Was it just your parents?" I asked. "What about your other family?"

"My uncle was there. And they did have a daughter -- my cousin -- but..."

I thought back to the picture in the hallway. "She's not around anymore?"

"She was killed. Murdered, actually." He looked away.

Cold seeped into my core. There was an moment of silence before his words fully sank in. I was used to offering my condolences to other people, but now I didn't know what to say. "Alex...I'm sorry."

"Let's talk about something else. I'm ruining the mood."

"No, you're not."

He turned his head and met my gaze, his eyes shadowed. It was a look I'd seen so many times before. A look I didn't like on him.

"I was eighteen," he said slowly. "Lola went to a party. I was supposed to walk her home when she was ready, but she sent a message saying she was going to walk alone. I don't know why. Independence?" He sighed. "I went to get her anyway, but she'd already gone. She never made it home."

I took his hand across the table.

"They found her two days later. In a skip."

"I'm sorry," I murmured again.

"If you're wondering whether that's why I joined the police, it is."

"So you could help bring other murderers to justice."

"And maybe save a few people from being murdered." He looked away. "Sometimes."

Sometimes. My thoughts drifted back to Zed. We were silent for a while, frozen in the past.

Sometimes. Eventually, Alex roused himself. "Tell me about your family."

your "Mine?" My thoughts drifted further back, to fists cracking against bone; blood running over skin; a body that looked nothing more than broken. "There's not a lot to say. Obviously, you know Cassia. And my parents live on the other side of Socrico. This tastes really good."

"Thank you." He wasn't deterred. "Are you close with them?"

"Yes, but I don't see them as often as I'd like."

"What do they do for a living?"

"Mom runs a veterinary surgery. Dad's, er, retired. Has been for quite a while." I reached for another pizza slice to stuff in my mouth, but the plate was empty. I shoved my chair back instead, but Alex grabbed my hand.

"What?" he asked. "What is it?"

"Nothing. I just..." I shook my head. Family business was family business. It always had been since that day. "Nothing."

His gaze searched mine. Eventually, he let me go. "You have a reason, too."

I shrugged and carried my plate to the dishwasher. "Maybe. How does this open?"

He was quiet for a moment, still watching me, and then he came over. "Press the silver button and then the -- no, the silver button."

silver I poked the buttons on the dishwasher. "This is the silver button!"

He leaned over my shoulder, his hard chest pressing against my back. " This one."

This It fell open with a crash, and I almost dropped my plate in surprise.

"Damn, it didn't do that when I left. I'll have to fix it." Alex took my plate and shoved it in, and it settled awkwardly on top of the prongs. I reached forward to rearrange it, but then his plate fell in, and his arms snaked around my waist before I overbalanced and joined it. "Steady on. What are you doing?"

The dishes blurred before my eyes. I got my feet back under me and turned around, and we looked at each other. Closely. His eyes were always a different shade of green when I was so near, and I didn't know if that was natural or if it had something to do with me. My heart was pounding in my ears. His arms were still around me.

I stepped back, fumbling with my words. "This...we've got to stop doing this. What the hell is it with dishwashers?"

"Dishwashers?"

"The first time we almost kissed, we were at my dishwasher. We need to stop -- "

His mouth clamped down on mine, smooth and hot. Desire bolted through me with no warning, and my lips parted instantly, words dissolving on my tongue. I stumbled back against the counter and hung onto his neck.

His hands fell to my hips; tightened over the curves of them; and then one slipped to my thigh. With just a stroke down the inside, he ignited heat deep within me. I wriggled against him, trying to catch his fingers, and he pulled away.

We stared at each other, catching our breath.

"This isn't working," I said.

Alex turned away, dragging both hands through his hair and down the back of his neck. I watched every movement from behind: the way his muscles tensed and flexed. Then I turned away too, closing my eyes.

"This was a terrible plan." Alex's voice was rough. "I'm sorry."

He'd made something of an understatement. The desire he'd ignited had not cooled off. In fact, it was worse than it ever had been before. How could I walk away now with the resolve not to get involved again?

It was simple. I couldn't.

"Maybe we're doing this wrong," I said. "Maybe the kiss wasn't enough. Maybe we just need to...work each other out of our systems."

When he turned around and looked at me, I could feel his gaze, and it strengthened my belief that I was right. How could we ever hope to ignore what was between us when there was so much of it?

much We couldn't suppress the chemistry. We had to burn it instead.

I looked at him again. He said nothing, but it was written all over his face. He was fighting, even now, not to come to me.

"Let's get it over with," I said. "Just one night."

He thought about it for a moment longer. And then he came, crossing the kitchen in a single stride, and took me in his arms.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 23


"Inspector Rames," Alex said huskily, "that was very illegal."

very He'd propped himself up on one elbow, the sheets tangled around his waist. My gaze trailed down his bare chest. "Mm. Should we do it again?"

The mischief left Alex's eyes. "Amber, we need to talk."

My heart sank. I groaned and rolled away from him, allowing the inevitable truth to creep back into my consciousness. "That didn't work either, did it?"

"No."

"And it was very illegal."

was "Yes."

I stared into the darkness for a while. Even like this, when we were no longer touching, I still felt high -- so high that I didn't know if I'd ever come down again.

"Is lust really this strong?" I murmured. Why did we keep risking everything to do this? And why did I still not want to stop even when I reminded myself that it could ruin my life?

"Maybe," Alex said. "Maybe not. I've tried to stay away from you since New Year's Eve, but we only have to be in the same room for me to forget why."

I rolled over and looked at him. "I want you all the time. Not only like this. Even just to hold your hand sometimes..."

We lay in silence for a minute again, watching each other.

"It can't be that hard to keep it a secret," I said. "It's not like we're monitored after dark."

Alex frowned. "Amber...I didn't mean it would be a good idea for us to carry on."

"Why not, if we're normal at work? Why would anyone find out about us?" I sat up so that I was level with him. "You can't tell me you don't think this is going to happen again anyway, one way or another."

He looked away. Eventually, he said, "I wish it didn't have to be like this."

"There's no other option." Short of doing the Trials, at least, but that was out of the question.

The Trials were a way around being charged for the crime of conducting a sexual relationship with your subordinate or superior -- a chance to be honest before you were caught. They'd been introduced by millionaire Carlos Jacqueline fifty years ago, after he'd fallen in love with his personal assistant. Instead of her resigning so that she would not be his subordinate, he'd wanted a chance to prove that their relationship would not affect their work. Eventually, the government had agreed to let him fund a new programme.

A unique task was given to every couple based on their occupation, and they had to prove that they could work perfectly as a team despite their relationship. If they passed, they received a government blessing and were quickly married, legally bound together for life. If they failed, they were sent to prison. But in their fifty years of operation, only five couples had ever dared attempt the Trials -- and only Jacqueline and his assistant had passed.

perfectly Giving up our jobs was not on the table. Work was too important to us both. But doing the Trials was not on the table either.

Neither was giving up on each other.

"We can't have it all, Alex," I said softly.

"No." He looked at me again. Slowly, he cupped my face in his hands and lowered his head. "So I suppose I choose you."

***

When I returned to my flat much later that night, Mitzy wasn't there. I didn't worry. I was caught up in a cloud of afterglow, my skin tingling everywhere Alex had touched me. It wouldn't be the first night my cat had spent outside -- although she would hate it -- and I tumbled into bed without a second's thought.



But when I'd woken up the next morning and taken a cold shower, worry set in again. I dressed and skipped breakfast, hurrying into the hallway with the intention of looking outside.

Something had been posted underneath my front door so that it was lying face-down on the mat. I approached slowly and turned it over.

What I saw made my heart stop beating.

***

I was the first to arrive in our office, a chocolate bar in my right hand and a paper mug from Coffee Glitch gripped in my left. This one was pink with little hearts bouncing on it, heralding the approach of Valentine's Day. I stared at the animation absently as I paced the room.

Mitzy still hadn't come home. The hand-delivered photograph was in my bag. And my father had just sent me an Xplora message confirming the rumour Clyde had heard.

I was living proof that aggression could run in the blood, and Clyde knew it. How would he caption the photograph he'd given me? Eric Rames, a second-time GBH offender, is pictured here standing with his niece -- Socrico's homicide investigator Detective Inspector Amber Rames. Is this what's destined for her?

Eric Rames, a second-time GBH offender, is pictured here standing with his niece -- Socrico's homicide investigator Detective Inspector Amber Rames. Is this what's destined for her? I paced and drank coffee, paced some more, and eventually paused long enough to wake up the rear interactive wall and review my sparse notes.

The office door opened while I was reading them, and I turned around to see Alex coming in. My worries fell away for a moment, and I smiled on automatic. "Morning."

He smiled back, but the shadows under his eyes were even darker. Ripley's tablet was in his hands. "Good morning."

"I got you a coffee. It looks like you need it. Did you actually sleep last night?"

"A little." He collected the coffee and held out Ripley's tablet. "I was reading the diary on this."

I took the device. If it had been locked by a password before, it wasn't now, and I stared at a background picture of Ripley and Kristina outside Bright Light University. They looked about eighteen. "Did you find anything interesting?"

"It's exactly as we expected. But..." He hesitated. "It's more like a textbook than a diary. She researched and recorded dozens of methods in detail, taking her time to weigh them up and decide which would be the best. And jumping off a high structure is not in there. "

is not in there. I frowned. "The senior investigating officer still thought the diary was enough for it to be ruled a suicide."

"But it doesn't make sense. And you don't like coincidences."

"Yes, you keep throwing that one at me. Whatever happened, Kristina and Zed were there, which is the strongest link we have between them."

Whatever "Ronan might think they had something to do with it. He might be avenging his sister."

"Or he might be thinking of something else." I tapped his picture. "According to Mary, the first victim sold Ronan's architectural plans for a very successful bank to the second victim. Either way, we need to bring him in. He's avoided us long enough."

Alex lifted a hand to his earpiece. "I'll tell the PRBs."

***

Ronan's tracking transmission was finally working. The PRBs found him quite a distance from his flat, talking to some developers who wanted to somehow squeeze something else into Socrico. They brought him back, and we went down to the custody suite.

He was sitting in the first interview room, wearing the same suit we'd met him in. Alex opened the door for me, and I went straight to the table. "Good morning. I hope you don't mind answering a few questions for us."



Ronan glowered. "You can't keep me here! This is harassment!"

I sat down. "You're free to go at any time. When our PRBs found you, they should have told you that coming to the station was voluntary."

"They did," he said. "But they have rifles -- it doesn't look voluntary! I was having a meeting with some potential clients, and I'm really struggling at the moment, so -- "

"If you'd like to go, you can. But we'll have to come and bother you again with our questions a different time. If you answer them now, you'll get them over with."

He sat back in his chair with a sigh. "Fine. Whatever."

I ran through the formalities for the cameras, then said, "I'd like to talk about your ex-wife's university days. The two of you were part of a tight-knit friendship group with Zed Croft, Jasper Jaydes, and Ripley Lewis. Your sister."

Ronan looked between us quickly. "Yes. How do you know?"

"It doesn't matter. Can you think of anything Kristina might have done back then to make enemies? Or Zed, perhaps?"

He paled. "You're talking about Ripley's suicide, aren't you?"

We said nothing.

He dropped his head in his hands. "I told her she needed to get help, but she wouldn't, and I didn't want to pressure her. I know it sounds stupid now, but it's true. Maybe I just never realised how serious she was until... Jesus."

"You believe it was suicide?" Alex asked.

"It was ruled as suicide."

ruled "Rumours suggested otherwise."

"Rumours are rumours." Ronan looked up with a glare. "Do you really think I would have married Kristina if I'd believed she killed my sister? We fixed each other after Ripley died."

fixed "So there's no reason why you'd want her dead?" I asked.

"No. None at all. We parted on good terms."

I rested my forearms on the table. "That's funny, when we've heard that the architectural plans for Duty Bank were yours. You and Kristina dreamed up the idea while you were married, but Kristina sold the plans to Zed Croft. You had a row over it -- and then you divorced."

Ronan's mouth tightened. "Where did you hear that?"

" I'm asking the questions. Is the story true?"

I'm "Yes." He rubbed the back of his head, his jaw clenching.

"So where were you yesterday afternoon when Zed Croft was killed and we were trying to get hold of you?"

His head shot up. "You don't think I -- I wouldn't! I may not have liked Zed, but I never would have done that! And I still loved Kristina."

"I want to know every movement from ten until five."

" Ten until five? "

Ten until five? "We looked for you," Alex said. "And we couldn't find you."

"I was with the same developers. We spent ages talking over their plans and looking around the sites they're hoping to cram flats into. State of the art design that everyone can afford, they said. Could make my career. So I gave them my undivided attention. I was there from nine until...six-ish."

"That's a long day to work just hours after you were informed of your ex-wife's death," I said.

Ronan's nostrils flared. "Well, of course I was upset! But I was just trying to keep moving, you know? And I couldn't let that opportunity slide down the drain. I need the money."

I linked my hands together. "Were you using your tabphone while you were with the developers?"

"No. I'd done a bunch of drawings on paper. You saw all the plans on paper at my flat! I told you that I do them on paper. God, do you ever listen?"

"Always," I said. "And we're very observant. So if we find even the smallest thing linking you to the murders of Kristina Nixon and Zed Croft, we'll be sure to come and get you. Involuntarily." I pushed my chair back to stand.

Ronan's lip curled. "You want to know about Kristina and Zed during their university days? Talk to Mary Daniels. She should be jumping for joy now that they're both dead."

Alex frowned. "Why?"

"Kristina and Zed bullied her. I heard she could hardly hold a job down after we graduated. They left her with severe depression. If she's that affected, why would she go and work for Zed?" Ronan looked at me. " Maybe she was getting ready to exact her revenge."

Maybe

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 24


We traipsed back to our office, and Alex contacted the health authority in charge of withholding medical information from national profiles. He and a health records guardian had a thirty-minute argument about confidentiality while I watched silently.

I was already familiar with the long-term impact bullying could have.

Eventually, the woman provided us with an access code. Alex keyed it into his tabphone, and we looked over Mary's medical record together.

It was massive: filled with notes from dozens of different doctors and therapists, although the summary at the top said that her depression was in remission. Still, she'd been fired from a staggering amount of jobs as an indirect consequence in earlier years. One doctor had recorded that in 2180, she'd turned up to work for less than half of the calender year.

Her depression had not been diagnosed before she'd left Bright Light University. Back then, her medical record had been sparse.

"Bloody hell," I murmured. "They did a serious number on her. That's a motive, all right. And she was a very gifted student when she studied robotic science, according to Professor West."

very Alex shut down the medical record. "Mary started working for Zed last year. Why? And why to kill him wait until now?"

I wiped my sweaty palms over my jeans. "Maybe she was working up her courage."

"Should we talk to her?"

"Not yet. Until we have solid evidence to scare her with, we'll gain nothing from it."

I woke up the touchglass wall instead. Staring at Mary's picture made me think of the photo in my bag. The big, red cross over my face. And... him .

him Alex joined me, and I pulled myself together. "Okay. We've discussed motive a lot, so let's have a look at our suspects in terms of means. Who has the skills necessary to hack two robots without leaving a trace?"

Alex frowned. "Only Mary."

I circled her.

"But what if there's more than one person involved in this?" Alex asked. "Anyone could have hired someone to hack the robots for them."

"That's true." I looked at him narrowly. "You'd like to believe Ronan Lewis hired someone, wouldn't you? We're back to Ripley again."

"It just doesn't sit right." He returned my gaze. "You have to read the diary, Amber. You have to see how much thought she put into -- "

My earpiece buzzed. I shot him an apologetic glance as I tapped it. "Rames speaking."

"Ma'am, this is Laney. A gun's been found on Bright Light University's campus."

***

I kept my head down as we approached Bright Light's gates, remembering the photo Clyde had snapped of us last time. When we were in, we were met by a member of staff who took us to the particular triangular tower that was the crime scene. It was a block of student flats, and renovations were taking place across the entire ground floor. The rifle was in one of the empty dorm rooms.

The dorm was long and narrow like a deep prison cell, and all of the furniture had been stripped out of it. Bits of sawdust and old nails were littered across the floor. PRBs had already secured the scene with electro-tape and were dusting the rifle for prints. It was just like what the robots at Duty Bank used.

I turned to the woman who'd shown us in. "How did you find it?"

"The workmen found it when they came to start today's renovations," she said. "They told me it was lying in the middle of the room. It was your robots who moved it."



"That's all right. Was the door shut before the workmen came in?"

"Yes, but it wasn't locked. I made sure they were all unlocked yesterday morning when they started their work here."

I pursed my lips. That was undoubtedly how the murderer had dumped it -- but how had they got through the university's gates?

Alex turned to the woman. "We need a list of every student who's used this dorm since the university opened."

"And everyone who isn't a student who has access to campus," I added.

isn't The woman's eyes widened. "I don't think I'd be allowed to give you that information. It's private -- "

"And we're conducting a murder inquiry," I said. "So, two lists, please."

The woman hesitated, but after taking another look at my face, she scuttled off. Five minutes later, two gigantic lists were delivered to our tabphones. We read them immediately, still standing beside the crime scene.

"No one of interest can get on campus now," I said eventually. "What the fuck?"

Alex lowered his tabphone. "This dorm was Zed Croft's in his first year."

"So this is all just a big slap in the face from the murderer. No clues. I bet there are no fingerprints on the gun, either."

The PRBs confirmed that I was right.

***

The rifle was sent off to be analysed by a ballistics expert, but I was confident that it was the murder weapon. Now we had the robot and the gun, but no murderer. And I still couldn't wrap my head around how they'd managed to enter Bright Light University.

When we eventually returned to our office, lunchtime had long since passed. Cassia was standing in the middle of our workspace, and two packaged sandwiches were on our desks.

"Thanks," I said as I pushed the door open.

She smiled wanly. Instead of scrubs, she was wearing a grey duffel coat and jeans, and her blonde hair fell in soft waves around her shoulders. She was holding her work tablet, but she'd put more make-up on than she usually did to go to the mortuary.

Alex made a beeline for the sandwich on his desk. I raised an eyebrow at my sister. "Going somewhere nice, Cassia?"

"No. But I was only working a half-day at the mortuary." She held the tablet out. "I've been trying to send you the preliminary post-mortem reports, but it's not working. You'll just have to read them on there."

I ignored her offering. "You were going somewhere nice."

were "Just The Silver Star for lunch."

"With Miles?"

She glared at the tablet. "Are you going to take this off me or not?"

I took it without looking, examining the hint of redness around her eyes. "He blew you off again . He's busy again. "

again again. "He's just found out he can't take his half-day holiday after all. It's fine. We don't have to go out all the time."

"But he's never at home with you lately, either."

Her face contorted, and she turned away. "I don't need this. He's just a workaholic, Amber. Like you."

"Yeah, but, Cassia -- "

She left, slamming the door behind her.

I turned and threw the tablet on my desk, raking my hands through my hair. "Oh, shit. That's not what I was supposed to say, was it? I just want to help. I'm worried."



"Give her some space," Alex said. "I'll see if I can fix the tablet's messaging problem."

I reluctantly sat down behind my desk. God, I had too many problems to solve. Cassia's marriage, Clyde's threats, finding Mitzy, and solving this damn murder.

Alex dragged his chair over and faffed around with the tablet for a few minutes. He managed to send the post-mortem reports to our tabphones as copies, but we chose to read it on the big screen while we had it.

The only finding that helped us was the bullet in Zed's chest -- it was the same type of bullet the rifle fired. That, too, had gone to be analysed by a ballistics expert.

"But we're still not getting anywhere," I murmured.

***

The end of the day arrived far too quickly. As Alex and I shrugged our coats on, I watched him from the corner of my eye. He still looked exhausted.

"Don't do any more bedtime reading," I said. "You need to catch up on some sleep."

He glanced at me. "Are you going to read Ripley's diary?"

"Yeah. You take the evening off."

"Do you want me to walk you home? I'm worried about Clyde."

My heart leapt as I picked up my bag. "That would be nice."

We left our office and almost ran straight into Dixon. He raised his eyebrows and gave me an odd smile as he walked past.

"What's he thinking?" Alex muttered, glancing at me sharply. "He isn't -- ?"

"He's amazed I've accepted your manly protection, that's all," I replied, but my mouth was dry. "He worries about Clyde hanging around, too."

We said nothing else until we'd reached the front of the station. I ducked under the main door as soon as it was at half my height, while Alex waited patiently for it to rise above six foot.

"So," he said once he'd caught up with me outside. "If I'm supposed to be sleeping, what are you doing?"

"I'm going to read this diary and go on a neighbourhood hunt for Mitzy."

"She's missing?"

"She went out yesterday evening and hasn't come back. She's missed dinner and breakfast." I bit my lip. "I'm worried."

"I'll help you look for her."

"You're scared of cats."

He looked away. "Cats are fine."

"You're fooling no one. Anyway, thanks, but no thanks. I can cat hunt on my own."

"What about Clyde?"

"I'll punch him in the face. Or set Mitzy on him if I find her."

Alex sighed. "Amber, be serious. You need to do something about him. This can't go on."

"It's fine. He'll get bored of chasing me soon enough."

Alex stared at the road ahead of us, his brow furrowed.

When we eventually reached my block, we stepped off the street and into the alcove of the brownstone building. As the automatic doors opened, I saw something huddled in the shadows before them. "Mitzy! Thank God."

Light spilled out the lobby, suddenly illuminating her. Blood and pus seeped out of a deep tear in her ear. Another wound stretched across her side, and she moved nothing but her sad eyes to look up at me.

"Shit," I said. "Mitzy, what have you done? I need to take her to the vets. It looks like she's been in a fight and I'm not quite on top of this year's boosters -- "



Alex shrugged his coat off and moved past me, scooping Mitzy up. She snuggled inside while he turned around. "Where's the vets?"

I gaped at him. "You don't have to -- "

"But I am. So, which way are we going?"

I led him numbly in the general direction of the train station. "Fuck, I feel like such a terrible owner. I should have looked for her last night, but I thought she'd be fine. She always is."

"She will be fine," Alex said. "They'll just clean her up or something."

will "You almost sound like you know what you're saying. Do you want me to carry her? You don't -- "

"It's fine. She's comfortable and warm here."

"But -- "

He clenched his jaw. "I am not scared of cats, Amber."

not Unconvinced, I shrugged at him.

A few minutes later, we reached a skyscraper with neon paw prints stuck to the ground floor windows. I pushed the door open. "Welcome to Iron Paws Vets. I have to warn you that it's small and not very techy."

We entered a cramped waiting room filled with old classroom chairs and the strong smell of antiseptic. A wonky table stood near the back, cluttered with headsets, tablets, and someone's tabphone, which was connected to a pop radio station. The room was empty, but there was a mop and bucket present which suggested the last patients had not long dramatically vacated their seats.

Alex glanced around. "Is someone supposed to be on duty behind that desk?"

"Yes," I said, "but there isn't an actual receptionist. The vet nurses take it in turns because the surgery's so small. They've probably gone to help with other things while it's quiet."

There was a buzzer on the desk, so I pressed it. The noise resonated through the ground floor.

Two seconds later, someone clattered down the hallway at the opposite end of the room. We turned around to see my mother pushing through the double doors, dressed in green scrubs. Her long, blonde hair was pulled away from her flushed face. "Amber! Hello. Is that Mitzy?"

Alex shifted my cat so that her head was visible above his coat.

"Yes." I almost smiled as she crossed the distance between us to inspect her patient. It was unusual to see someone barely give Alex a glance. "Mom, this is my sergeant, Alex O'Sullivan. Alex, this is Elizabeth, also known as Dr Rames."

My mother turned on her heel and pushed back through the double doors. "Call me Liz, and come this way."

We followed her into the last room, where a blue-haired vet nurse was tidying up an examination table. She smiled at me. "Hi, Amber."

"Hi, Carla. How are you?"

"Better than Mitzy, by the looks of it. What's happened?"

"I think she must have been fighting. She left the flat last night and didn't come home until this evening."

Alex put Mitzy on the examination table and took his bloodied coat back, folding it over one arm. Mother washed her hands and joined us. "I haven't seen you for a while, Mitz. Have you been getting yourself into trouble?"

She and Carla cleaned Mitzy up quickly and gave her some antibiotics, before taking blood to test for the viruses that could be transmitted through cat bites.

"If the blood tests come back okay, we'll do her boosters," Mother said. "We'll keep her in overnight while we wait for the results."

So we settled Mitzy in a large cage in a room that contained a few other sorry-looking occupants. I blew her a kiss as we followed my mother back into the waiting room, feeling guilty.

"I'll pay," I said, as always.

"I'm not having my daughter pay me." She went behind the desk and made a record of our visit on the tablet there. Only when she was finished did she look up and examine Alex properly. Her acknowledgement of his handsomeness was one raised eyebrow. "It's nice to meet you, Sergeant O'Sullivan. How's the murder inquiry going?"

"It's all right," he said evasively.

"I've seen Clyde's article on Xplora." She frowned at me. "He hasn't been bothering you lately, has he?"

"No," I lied. "How's Dad?"

"He's all right. I'll get him to call you later so you can talk properly." A tactic equally as evasive as Alex's. "Will you be okay walking home in the dark?"

I sighed. "I'm always okay."

"I'm walking back with her," Alex said.

"Oh, good." She gave him a properly appreciative glance this time. "Look after her."

I cleared my throat. "Mom, I'm a police officer and I'm armed -- "

"I will," Alex said. "It was nice to meet you, Liz."

"You too, Sergeant O'Sullivan. Amber, come and have dinner with us when you get the time, okay?"

"Okay," I said as we pushed through the door, wondering when the hell that time would ever come. "Thanks, Mom. Bye!"

We stepped into the cold night air and followed the shadows back to my flat. When we reached the building, I let Alex follow me all the way up to the fourth floor. At my door, I stopped and turned around. "Thank you for walking me back. And thank you for helping with Mitzy. I'm sorry about your coat."

"It's fine."

I pressed the doorbell and let the camera scan my face. "I'd invite you in, but..."

"You really want me to get some sleep." His mouth quirked upwards. "I know." He hesitated, then pressed a gentle kiss against my forehead. "Goodnight."

A zing of electricity passed over my skin. I caught his hand before he could pull away. "Wait -- I was hoping for a bit more than that."

I stood on my tiptoes and kissed his lips.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 25


My father called much later that evening, after Alex had gone. I was curled up on my sofa, reading Ripley's diary and drowning my sorrows in chocolate. It was just an audio-call -- he was even worse with technology than me.

I answered it immediately. "Hi, Dad."

"Hi, Amber." His voice was gruff, but pleasantly so, an unusual tone that had made passengers truly listen when he'd read out safety warnings. But his career as a train driver was now long behind him. Twenty years had passed since robots had phased out all human drivers.

And fifteen years had passed since he'd become paralysed from the waist down.

"Are you going to tell me the details?" I asked quietly. "About Eric?"

There was a long pause. "I thought we could start the conversation off like normal. How was your day?"

"It was fine. So, the details?"

Father sighed. "He attacked someone a few nights ago. Had a drunken row with a bloke at a pub, then broke his arm and stabbed him."

I pressed my knuckles against my mouth, feeling the blood drain away from my head.

"Amber?"

"Where?"

"New London. He's being held there now."

"No, where did he stab the guy?"

"The shoulder." His voice softened. "He's been in surgery, but they think he'll be all right. Eventually."

It took me a long time to find words. Eventually, I croaked, "I'm surprised the news isn't on Xplora already."

"Journalists are busy writing about your robot killings and a celebrity divorce in Rosek. A small stabbing and some broken bones doesn't interest people among this week's murder and mayhem."

My whole life was murder and mayhem, and it was going to be filled with even more mayhem soon. Clyde was very interested in making Eric Rames the big news, and therefore trampling all over my career with his intimate knowledge about our history.

life Knowledge I'd never know how he'd obtained.

"I'm not sure when he'll be in court," Father said. "He's at the city prison right now. He's allowed visitors, but I don't suppose..."

I swallowed thickly. "No. I don't -- I don't really think about him anymore. Not since...that day."

An awkward silence hung between us.

"Does Cassia know?" I asked finally.

"I'm just about to tell her."

"Right. Well. I'll let you get on with that."

"Wait, Amber. Come around for dinner this week. You haven't been since Christmas, and your mother's worried about how you're going to cope with this." He added, in a lighter tone, "Well, you know she always finds something to worry about. No husband, your ex-boyfriend, your murder investigations..."

"I'll try."

We said our goodbyes and hung up. I stared at the electronic pages of Ripley's diary and watched the text blur before my eyes.

I couldn't do this again. Not the late nights spent recalling every moment with my uncle, wondering where it had all gone wrong and if I should have spotted it. Not the days spent wondering if I should have questioned his philosophy for using his fists. Or if I should have even loved him.

I scrubbed my eyes and tucked my legs underneath me. No, I wasn't going to do that again.

I was going to spend my night inside the mind of a suicidal teenager instead.



***

Sleep came with difficulty, and when I slipped into it, my dreams were haunted by girls jumping off tall buildings and bodies that had been pummelled into bags of blood and bones. In the end, I only got a few hours of rest before it was time to get up again. Feeling like a zombie, I showered, dressed, stuck contact lenses in, and dragged myself to Coffee Glitch.

Hologram hearts were bouncing over the walls and ceiling, and someone had put fluffy cushions on the booths. The latest love songs were blaring out the radio behind the counter, where two baristas were working: a middle-aged woman and a teenage boy. The boy, dressed in a dark hoodie and denim jacket, looked oddly familiar.

So did the man waiting to order in front of me, who was watching the pretty young woman at the head of the queue with mild appreciation.

"You're up early," I said.

Sebastian turned around with an instant, dashing smile. "Am I usually late?"

"Only when it's clear you've just rolled out of some woman's bed." I fell into step beside him. "No companion last night?"

"No, I was too busy. Unfortunately." His gaze tracked the young woman leaving with her coffee. She must have felt it, because she turned around as the door opened, then smiled at Sebastian in a way that told me he'd already made her weak at the knees.

"Busy?" I teased when the distraction had gone.

"I know how to work and play. Unlike you." He transferred his attention back to me. "Why didn't you come out with us the other night?"

and "Oh, you know. I was busy." And missing my sergeant.

"Got any leads in The Diamond inquiry yet?"

"I suppose you could call them leads. The trouble is that they lead us to the middle of bloody nowhere."

suppose He cracked a smile. "I know the feeling."

The queue moved up, and we reached the counter. I dropped back again, gesturing for Sebastian to go ahead with his order. He could be a real gentleman when it suited, but because he didn't see me as much of a lady, he obliged.

He asked the woman for an espresso and moved to the end of the counter to pay. The boy with the denim jacket began making the order. I asked the woman for two double espressos, as had become my routine, and stood next to Sebastian again.

He was leaning lazily against the counter. "I saw the pictures of you and Alex at Bright Light. Clyde's still stalking you."

I gritted my teeth. "He's only stalking the story."

The boy handed Sebastian his coffee, and we lapsed into silence while we waited for mine. Sebastian watched, not a care in the world. I checked my tabphone for important messages and only looked up when my coffees were plunked down. "Thank you."

I put my tabphone away and lifted a cup to my mouth.

Sebastian covered it with his hand. "Don't drink that."

I stared at him. "What?"

The side of the counter suddenly flew up in my face, and the boy ducked under it, almost knocking us both off our feet. He yanked his hood up and bolted towards the door. BITCH was stitched across the back of his denim jacket.

BITCH "Wait!" the other barista yelled. "Evan! What the..."

That was who he was! The boy Professor West had been telling off at Bright Light University. I pushed through the other customers, following him. "Hey!"

That He burst out the door. I hit the street and broke into a run, vaguely aware that Sebastian was following me. Evan was already far ahead, weaving in and out of commuters.

"Police!" I yelled. "Stop!"

He swerved behind a large group of teenagers in school uniform. I pushed myself into a sprint. There was a flash of black, flying around the corner and down a narrow side street hemmed in between the skyscrapers.

I reached the mouth of the road. No one was there.

Breathing deeply, I slowed to a walk. "Fuck! I've lost him."

Sebastian halted at my side, hardly panting. "I'm sure I saw him slip something into the drinks."

I lifted the paper lid from one coffee cup and sniffed gingerly.

It smelled like bitter almonds.

My stomach knotted. "Shit. I think you're right."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 26


"Is one of those for me?"

I stopped in the middle of the mortuary's examination room and put my coffee cups on an empty table. "Both are. They're poisoned."

Cassia, in scrubs and a ponytail again, raised an eyebrow. "Thanks."

I smiled faintly. "They're not for you to drink , idiot. I want you to tell me whether they contain cyanide."

drink "And here I was, thinking my sister had bought me a coffee for the first time in my career." She frowned, and her jovial tone faded. "Are you all right? You haven't drunk any, have you?"

"I'm fine. So, can you test them?"

She rolled her eyes. "I'll have to send a sample to the lab for a proper confirmation, but I can take an unofficial look now. Why do you think they've been poisoned?" She picked one up and looked at it curiously.

"I bumped into Sebastian at Coffee Glitch. He stopped me from drinking mine because he thought he'd seen the barista slip something in it. Both smell like bitter almonds."

"Jesus." She put the cup down and closed her eyes. "And you nearly drank it. Is it The Diamond murderer?"

"I don't know. I called the incident in, so Dixon wants to see me now. And I need to find the barista."

"Of course. Go."

I got as far as the doors before I turned around again. "I'm sorry for what I said yesterday. I didn't mean to push you."

Cassia shrugged. "It's fine. I'm sorry for storming out. If you want the truth, Miles and I are going through a rocky patch. But that's all. We'll pull through."

Her words settled on my shoulders like a weight . A rocky patch?

. A rocky patch? I thought about pushing it again. In the end, all I did was tug her tablet out of my bag. "Alex fixed this for you, by the way."

"I was wondering when you were going to give that back. Thank him for me."

"Will do. See you later."

***

I called my mother on my way to the police station and checked Mitzy was all right. She confirmed that she was, but the blood test results hadn't come through yet. Then she made me promise again that I would have dinner with the family soon. I pretended that I hadn't just brushed shoulders with death and hung up.

When I entered the station, I went straight to Dixon's office. Alex was already in there, standing behind the chief superintendent's desk. Dixon was frowning at the screen of a tablet and saying something I couldn't hear through the glass walls.

I knocked on the door and opened it. Both men looked up with grey faces, and I held out my hands. "I'm fine, I'm fine."

Alex came towards me, his jaw tight. "You didn't drink any?"

"No."

"Where is it now?" Dixon asked.

"I took both cups straight to Cassia, sir. She's going to test them for cyanide, but there's really no question about it. They smelled of bitter almonds."

Not everyone has the ability to detect the smell of cyanide. I hadn't known that I did until I'd taken the lid off my cup.

"That's only half the story," Dixon said. "Someone's left a threat for you. I was just showing Alex."

I went behind his desk. The touchglass divider at the front of the station could be used by the public for all sorts of things, including filing complaints. On Dixon's screen was a complaint addressed to me, its details typed in red.



DIE.

DIE. "My knees are shaking," I said. "Someone with half a brain has written a mortal word in a terrifying colour."

Dixon shot me a sour look. "A little less attitude, please. Someone just tried to kill you, for God's sake."

"Yes, and this is a bloody late warning!"

"It's time-stamped about twenty minutes before you called the incident in," Alex said.

"I've downloaded the CCTV footage from the front of the station," Dixon added. "Watch it and see if you recognise anyone."

The lobby with its touchglass divider filled the tablet screen. It was empty. Dixon hit the fast-forward button until someone started to walk into the frame, then played it at normal speed.

"This is close to the time when the complaint was made," Alex said.

The new person was hard to see because he had his hood up. But what I could see was the word sewn across the back of his denim jacket. BITCH .

BITCH "That's him," I said. "That's the barista."

Alex frowned. "Didn't we see him at Bright Light University?"

"Yes. His name is Evan."

"How does he fit into this? How could he be..." Alex shook his head. "Everyone linked to this inquiry graduated that university the same year as Kristina and Zed."

" How isn't our question yet," Dixon said. "Right now, we just need who ."

How who On screen, Evan finished typing and turned around. The camera caught a glimmer of his face.

Dixon paused the video and enlarged the picture. He tapped the screen, and the face was scanned. A national profile popped up.

"Evan Archer," Dixon read. "Get out of here and arrest him."

***

Back in our office, I looked up Evan's profile on my tabphone and tracked him. Alex paced while we waited for it to find his location.

I tapped out an impatient rhythm on my desk. "Did you get a good night's sleep?"

"Yes." Alex reached the door, then spun on his heel and stalked back down the room. "I won't be getting one tonight. I nearly lost you."

"But you didn't. Sebastian saved me."

"What if he hadn't been there?"

I would have drunk the coffee.

I would have drunk the coffee. My tabphone buzzed, saving me from having to reply. I glanced at the screen. "He's retreated to Bright Light University. Let's go."

Alex drew his pistol and shoved his way out of the office. I followed, tabphone in hand. My sergeant was taking such long strides that I had to jog to catch up with him.

"He tried to poison me," I said. "Not shoot me."

"Doesn't mean he won't try a different method when we find him."

"You can't walk down the street carrying that. People will panic!"

"The PRBs have their rifles on display."

"The PRBs have a unique design that lets people know they're police robots. You're just a man in a long coat with a really scary look on his face."

Alex shot me an irritated glance. "My face is scary?"

"Right now, yes. And I know why. But you've got to do this as my sergeant, not my...anything else."

We reached the station door and scanned out. I ducked under it as soon as possible and straightened up on the other side. And froze.

"Alex," I said. "He's here."

Alex ducked under the door and looked at the mouth of the road. In the next second, I'd wrenched my gun out of its holster to join his.

"Police! Don't move!" I yelled.

Evan Archer turned and ran.

We took off after him, turning onto the high street. Evan was already halfway up the road. He'd obviously left his tabphone behind in his dorm room to throw us off, and the deceptive calculation made me even angrier.

When we took the next bend, I nearly fell over a cardboard box someone had chucked outside. My jeans were sticking to me, and I was breathing so hard that my throat ached.

Evan took another turning. Trains whooshed overhead.

"He's going to the train station!" I shouted. "He's trying to escape!"

Alex pushed on. I wasn't sure if I could go faster, but I tried anyway.

The train tracks spiralled high in the air and then looped lower, bringing the trains they carried down to the ground. Several metal carriages flew across them and disappeared behind the sprawling glass building. Evan charged towards it, glancing over his shoulder with wide eyes.

"We'll lose him in there!" Alex said.

"Not on my bloody watch."

Evan entered the train station. The automatic doors closed after him. We reached them a moment too late, and they spent a precious second sensing our presence.

"Come on!" I growled.

They flew open. We charged into the station and skittered to a halt.

Sleek, white pathways as light as carbon weaved around each other on the ground and twisted in the air, circling towards the outside world. A dozen hologram boards floated above them, displaying city names and platform numbers in bright lights.

"Take the right half of the station," I said. "I'll take the left."

I holstered my gun and pushed through the crowd, craning my head and looking all around. I had no idea which pathway to go up first, but I needed to choose quickly and pray that it was the right one.

A flash of black caught my eye. A bob of a drawn-up hood ascending a slope. I sprinted after it.

Evan reached the top and charged straight past the ticket office, bursting onto the platform. A train was speeding towards us, too fast to be stopping. No one else was out there.

He crossed the yellow line and turned his head, looking down the line. I reached out to grab his collar.

Something hit him from behind.

He flew forwards. My fingers closed around thin air.

The train passed in front of us.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 27


PRBs were crawling over the train tracks like shiny ants, looking for evidence to carry to their nest. I doubted they would find much. The train had been travelling so fast that Evan Archer had disintegrated.

Cassia was supposed to be examining the blood and body matter, but she was standing with me instead. Dixon was also with me, dishing out orders to Sebastian on his earpiece, who was in charge of the crime scene. He should have been giving orders to Alex too, but my sergeant was at my side, draping his coat around me.

Dixon watched Alex until the coat was balanced on my shoulders. Then his gaze slid back to me. "You didn't see who pushed Evan?"

I inhaled a lungful of bloody air. There had been so much of it: all over my clothes, all over my face. I'd had to take my jumper off and bag it, and I'd scrubbed and scrubbed my skin in the toilets, but I could still feel it everywhere.

Another breath was needed before I could speak. "No, sir."

"Are you sure whoever pushed him didn't mean to get you?"

"I'm sure. I was supposed to be dead already."

"But it was Evan who tried to poison you," Alex said. "Not whoever pushed him."

Evan Dixon turned to our pathologist. "What did you make of the coffee, Cassia?"

"Both contained potassium cyanide -- enough to kill the consumers in minutes," she replied. "So, Evan's killer assumed he'd done his job and...poisoned Amber. I guess their next task was to remove some of the evidence by killing Evan."

Sebastian appeared on Dixon's other side. "You know, she's clever. She should be a detective."

Cassia blushed. Sebastian smiled at her.

Dixon cleared his throat. "Are all the witness statements from the passengers being taken?"

"Yes, sir. I just came to check on Amber."

"I'm okay," I said, but my hands found the edges of Alex's coat and pulled it tighter around my shoulders.

Alex frowned at me. "Going back to the cyanide -- why fill two cups?"

"I guess Evan didn't know which one I would drink," I murmured. "Neither would have ever reached you, that's for certain."

"We need to get a move on," Dixon said. "Alex, go with Sebastian and find someone who can show you the CCTV footage. Cassia, stay here with Amber and keep an eye on her. I'll tell Laney to inform Evan's family."

"No!" I protested. "This is my investigation. I'm going with Alex."

Dixon pinched the bridge of his nose. "You're in shock. Don't argue with me about this."

"I think she should come with me, sir," Alex said.

"Don't you argue with me, either."

you "She's just going to keep thinking about it if she stands around here."

"And taking her to look at the footage is going to help?"

"I'd like to see," I said quietly. "I need to see."

I wanted to remember it through the eyes of an outsider. Not mine.

"Fine," Dixon sighed.

"Thank you, sir." My shoulders slumped, and the coat slid down my back.

Alex caught it. "Keep that. Let's go."

***

"Here we are." Niko Fowler, the conductor from the fatal train, led us into the office behind the platform's information desk. "I'll load the footage for you."



This was the same office we'd viewed CCTV footage in during the Ackerman inquiry. Niko was the same man who'd shown it to us. The small, dim room was filled with half a dozen desks drowning under tablets and headsets, and he sat down at the nearest one, waking a screen up with shaking hands. He hadn't seen Evan's death, but being on board would have still been terrible.

seen The rear wall of the office was filled with hologram projections from dozens of cameras, showing what was happening on all the platforms. Most were operating as usual. One was cluttered with a stationary train and a flurry of robots.

While Niko operated the tablet, Alex and I squeezed past the desk to stand by the wall. Alex rubbed my arms, trying to stop my shivers. I leaned into his touch, my body betraying me.

"Got it," Niko said behind us. "Do I have to watch?"

"No. Look away." I glanced at Alex. "I don't even want you to watch this."

you "Tough luck. Play it, Niko."

The smaller videos on the wall were replaced with a much bigger one. We watched the empty platform from a high vantage point. Something whooshed in the distance.

A boy in a dark hoodie entered the frame. His face wasn't clear, but I knew it was Evan. He ran towards the edge of the platform, and I followed him. The sound of the approaching train grew louder and louder.

A chill raced down my spine. Death was coming.

Evan stopped on the edge of the platform. As I slowed behind him, someone entered from the left with their back to the camera. Dressed in black from head to toe, there was little I could make out.

The train entered the screen.

I stopped behind Evan and reached for him, my back turned towards the murderer. Before I could grab hold of him, the man's hand connected with his shoulder. Evan flew over the edge of the platform.

The train hit him at four hundred miles per hour. His body exploded on impact.

Alex caught his breath. I looked away, turning hot all over.

The sounds on the video froze, and I glanced up. Niko had stopped it. All of the train had left the screen. I was standing still, staring across the tracks in shock. The man who'd pushed Evan had turned around so that he was facing the camera.

He was wearing a ski mask. Great.

Great. I moved away from the wall and stumbled. Alex caught my arm. "All right?"

The room swayed.

"Amber?"

"Thank you, Niko," I murmured. "We need to go back to the platform now."

Alex seemed to pick up on the underlying meaning. He put his hand on the small of my back and guided me towards the door.

"Wait," Niko said.

We stopped by his desk.

"I recognise the guy who was hit," he continued. "Someone tried to start a fight with him on that platform a few days ago -- the train had just come in from Rosek. I have the footage. Hang on."

We reluctantly turned back to the rear wall. Niko bent over his tablet, typing furiously.

The freeze-frame of Evan's murder was replaced with a much busier scene. There was a silver train stationary at the platform, and people were stepping on and off. Niko zoomed in on one of the doors, and seconds later, Evan appeared there. As he touched down on the platform, someone pushed past him.

He stumbled and cursed loud enough for the microphone to catch it. "Fuck! Hey, man, that was rude!"

Niko zoomed the footage out so that we could see who he was talking to. The pusher had his back angled towards the camera, but his hair was blond, and he was wearing an electric blue scarf.

No. My legs started to shake.

No. Alex swore. On screen, Clyde did the same, coming back across the platform. He shoved Evan to the floor, then stalked away, his face thunderous.

Two more people of interest came through the crowd from two different directions. One was Niko. The other was golden-eyed Brady Haywood, who'd just stepped off the train from a different doorway.

They reached Evan at the same time and helped him stand. Once he was up, the teenager pointed in Clyde's direction and said something too quiet for the microphone. Niko listened intently while Brady stood back. Then Niko said something.

"I was asking if he wanted to lodge a complaint," Niko explained.

Evan shook his head on the video. Brady said something short and walked away from them. A minute later, Niko and Evan also disbanded. Niko stopped the video.

"What did the other man say?" Alex asked.

"He was just checking the boy was okay and excusing himself." Niko spun his chair around. "That guy who knocked him down -- wasn't that the journalist? Somebody Edwards?"

Blue fuzz filled my vision. The world slanted sideways again.

Clyde was caught up in this.

I felt Alex put his arm around my shoulders and steer me away. "Yes, that's him. Thanks, Niko. We'll be in touch if we think of anything else."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 28


Alex steered me to the nearest station café, where he pushed me into a seat and went to buy some water.

It was a small establishment, tucked away behind walls of its own so that the noise from the rest of the building was muted. Not many people were inside with us: two mothers and toddlers in one corner, a sulking teenager with a hot chocolate almost as big as her head in the other, and an elderly man with a cybernetic leg reading something on his tablet near the door. Deciding no one would pay me any attention, I laid my aching head down on the table.

Alex came back a minute later with two cold bottles of water. When I looked up, he reached into the pockets of his coat and produced a packet of painkillers. I took one tablet.

He sat down and stretched his long legs out, brushing against mine. "You know we're going to have to talk to Clyde?"

I nodded.

"We have three murders on our hands," he continued carefully, "and one attempted murder of a police officer. Clyde has displayed aggression towards Evan Archer and you. We'll have to treat him as a suspect."

Again, I nodded.

"That means his stalking and harassment may have to become part of this investigation. Including whatever he said to you when you found him outside your flat on Saturday."

Finally, I found my voice. "It has nothing to do with the investigation."

"It does now. Did he threaten you?"

I looked away.

In my peripheral vision, Alex's jaw tightened. "And you didn't tell me."

"It wasn't like that. It wasn't relevant."

"It's relevant to me."

I looked back, and guilt twisted in my gut when I saw his dark expression. Hell .

Hell I reached under the table for my bag and found the photograph. A ten-year-old version of myself smiled at the camera alongside a dark-haired man. My face was crossed out in red pen.

Alex stared at it. "Clyde sent you this?"

"I think so. It's a long story." My voice sounded as weary as I felt.

"Is that your dad in the picture?"

"It's my uncle, Eric. Fifteen years ago, he was handed a prison sentence for GBH with intent."

Alex looked up. GBH stood for grievous bodily harm, the most severe kind of non-fatal assault.

"He had an argument with my dad." Even those simple words made me feel sick, and it took me a moment to go on. "My uncle was a drunk, and naturally hot-tempered. And he was both drunk and in a temper that day. He asked my dad for money, and my dad said no. He always asked for money and we never had any -- my parents had rent to pay and two children to feed. But this time, it was different. He was seriously wound up. I think he was afraid. He beat my dad and then stabbed him in the legs with a kitchen knife. I found him when I came home from school."

The trauma had never taken the memory from me. The eerie silence of the flat. All the blood...so much blood. The numb confusion I'd felt when I'd stepped into the kitchen and switched on the light.

And then the slow, harrowing understanding.

"Your dad...?" Alex asked softly.

"Paralysed from the waist down."

He took my hand under the table. I'd clenched it into a fist.

"My uncle should have been locked up for life, but he only got ten years. More fool the judge, because he's just been charged with the same thing in New London. Clyde's threatening to write an article about it that shines a big, ugly spotlight on my family relationships. We broke up over my uncle, by the way. Clyde found out who he was and how close I'd been with him. He was disgusted."



Alex frowned. "Eric's family. Why wouldn't you have been close?"

"No. There's more." I closed my eyes. "I was bullied at school, and I didn't tell anyone except him for a long time. He said it had been the same for him when he'd been younger...and he encouraged me to respond with violence."

Don't fight words with words, kiddo. When someone hurts you, you get a different weapon. You get a mother-fucking scarier weapon, and you defeat them.

Don't fight words with words, kiddo. When someone hurts you, you get a different weapon. You get a mother-fucking scarier weapon, and you defeat them. I opened my eyes. "So he taught me how to fight. That's the part that will really break me. The GBH offender told me, an officer of the law, to punch people...and I did."

Alex was holding the photo now, staring at it.

"Just for the record," I said uncertainly, "I've never laid a finger on anyone since I was fifteen. And I regret those school fights now."

"I know."

"What?"

Alex dropped the photo and met my gaze. "If you hadn't changed, then I know for a fact that Clyde's face would be very crooked."

Slowly, I smiled.

He stroked the back of my hand with his thumb. "I do have one more question."

"Go on."

"Is this why you don't drink?"

I nodded.

The café door swung open, and Cassia and Dixon entered. They came over to our table, faces grim.

"Evan's family have been informed now," Dixon said.

"Thank you, sir."

Cassia's eyes fell on the photo. "What's that? "

that? I looked at Alex. He nodded this encouragement.

Neither my sister nor Dixon needed an explanation about my uncle, so I just told them about Clyde's visit to me and what he'd said.

Dixon was glowering before I'd even finished. "Why didn't you tell me sooner?"

"There's more, sir," Alex said. "We have CCTV footage from a few days ago showing Clyde and Evan almost coming to blows on the platform."

"Talk to him." Dixon's voice tightened with anger. "I'll send Sebastian with you, Alex. If anything seems off, if he even seems the slightest bit shifty, arrest him."

"Yes, sir."

"I'll go," I said.

Dixon held up his hands. "Amber, no. I let you watch that CCTV footage, but I am not caving in this time -- "

"You're just trying to protect me, sir. But this is my job, and I'm going with Alex." I looked to my sergeant for support.

He was frowning. "Amber, I don't think this is a good idea."

"Oh, let her go," Cassia said. "It will make things easier for her in the long run. If Sebastian and Alex turn up to question Clyde and she's nowhere in sight, he'll think she's scared. He'll think he's winning."

"Exactly," I said.

Dixon released a long-suffering sigh. "Fine. But don't you dare stop Alex from arresting him if it's necessary, or I'll arrest you ."

you ***

We left the station in an awkward silence, Clyde now a heavy weight on our shoulders. When the train station had vanished in the distance behind us, I could bear it no longer.



"Evan was taking a robotic science degree," I said. "The person who killed him was almost certainly a man. The only suspect who would not have needed Evan's skills to help her is a female."

"I think you're trying to tell me that I'm right." Alex sounded amused. "In a roundabout way."

think "I'm saying that the hacker was probably hired like an assassin, yes. And Evan was probably the hacker. Mary wouldn't have needed to hire him -- that puts her at the bottom of the suspect list. Ronan is at the top. He hired Evan to get his revenge on Kristina and Zed for one reason or another, tried to make Evan kill me to derail the investigation, and then covered his back by killing Evan."

So this has nothing to do with Clyde... I hoped.

So this has nothing to do with Clyde... My ex lived in a much nicer part of the city than me, on the top floor of a small, plain, but luxurious glass building. We rode a fast lift up to his flat and rang the doorbell. I couldn't find my voice to ask it anything, but there was no need. The camera would recognise me.

The door swung open. Clyde called gleefully from further inside. "Come in, darling!"

I knew my way around the flat too well, so I led Alex straight to the room at the back: Clyde's office. It was where he spent most of his day.

He was lounging at the desk in the middle of the room, pouring a glass of whisky. His tablet was hovering in front of him, displaying a half-written article. Shelving units stood against the rear wall, holding folders and boxes all labelled meticulously and filled with evidence for big, sordid reports. I'd never seen a box marked Amber , but I supposed there must be one somewhere.

Amber Clyde looked up with a smouldering grin. "Darling, have you decided to... What the fuck is he doing here?" His eyes narrowed as they settled on Alex.

he "This is just a business call, Clyde," I said. "You've become a suspect in our murder investigation."

" A suspect? " He turned purple.

A suspect? "Not to mention," Alex added, "that we have evidence piling up against you for harassment and blackmail of a police officer."

Clyde sneered. "Not enough to stand up in court. You're bluffing."

"Oh, I don't know about that."

"You'll have bigger things to worry about if you murdered Evan Archer," I said.

Clyde's head swivelled back to me. "Who the fuck is Evan Archer?"

"Don't play silly buggers with me. You publish articles about murders before we're halfway to the deceased's house to inform their family. You must have heard about Evan. Tell me, what are you doing on your tablet?"

He turned the screen off and flung it down on his desk. "All right, I know Evan Archer was pushed in front of a train. So what?"

"We have CCTV footage placing you at the train station on 9th February. You pushed past Evan Archer as you got off the train. He called you out. You proceeded to turn around and shove him to the floor."

"The last time I checked, that isn't murder."

"Did you know who he was?" Alex asked.

"No. Just some kid who was taking too long to get off the train."

"So you had no reason to kill him?"

"None at all."

I stuffed my fists in my pockets. "Then you won't mind telling us where you were at quarter to ten this morning."

"I was sitting right here, thinking."

"I assume no one can confirm that."

"No. I'm all by myself. Of course, you're welcome to come back any time..."

"Oh yes, about that offer of yours." I took the glass out of his hands. "I've been thinking, and I have a different answer for you."

He sat up straighter. "Yes? You want to come back to me?"

"You've got two options. Option A: Dixon and Alex are dying to arrest you for harassment and blackmail. I'll let them. We've got that lovely photo you've sent me, and I can testify to all the times I've seen you following me. Dixon can testify about the incident before Christmas when you tried to strong-arm me away from the station. Alex can testify that you harassed me in The Silver Star after Christmas, where you also admitted that you'd followed me earlier in the day."

Clyde swallowed, some alarm entering his eyes. "I'm a respected journalist and a good, upstanding citizen of Socrico. I'm not harassing you or blackmailing you. I've just been letting you know that I'd like you back."

I spoke over him. "What cop will admit to being stalked and proceed to press charges unless it's true and very problematic? We have pride, you know. And other people know that, too."

He paled.

"Regardless of the outcome, your reputation would be dented," I continued. "The arrest wouldn't look good for you, would it?"

Or me, actually, if the contents of that photograph had to be discussed in court. But I kept my expression cool.

"Option B: you keep your mouth sealed about Eric Rames. You don't ever write or speak a word about him, you leave me alone, and we don't arrest you. What do you think?"

Clyde glared at me. "You can't do this."

"I can."

He stared at his tablet. I wondered if he was imaging the way the scandalous article about my uncle would look.

"I think I'll choose Option B," he said eventually.

"Great." I put his glass down. "If you go back on your word, Option A will be evoked automatically."

"With pleasure," Alex added from his position by the doorway.

Clyde glowered. "Is that all?"

"Unless we find more evidence linking you to Evan Archer," I said. "We'll see ourselves out."

We left. Alex looked at me as he shut the front door behind us. "I wasn't expecting you to be so harsh."

"You should know by now that I can fight my own battles."

"I do. But..." His eyes met mine, the expression there a mixture of concern and relief. "It's not just Evan's death that's shaken you. It's him, too. He makes you afraid."

But it was Evan who I saw when I blinked. The horror of the fall. The train cutting through his torso. The blood all over me, all over everything.

So much blood...again.

So much blood...again. I closed that door in my mind and raised my chin.

"This fire never dies," I said softly. "It just flickers sometimes."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 29


After we'd dealt with Clyde, I sent Laney and some PRBs to find Ronan Lewis. I was desperate to talk to him myself, but I wanted to get a few things in place first. So Alex and I went to the penthouse above The Diamond Hotel.

Brady Haywood was at the other end of the corridor when we stepped out the lift, his shirt half unbuttoned. He pinned us with his unnerving golden-eyed stare, then opened the only other door and ducked through it.

Jasper let us into the penthouse himself.

"Evan Archer was murdered this morning," I said without preamble as we entered the study. "He was a student from Bright Light University. I don't suppose you recognise the name?"

"Clyde Edwards published an Xplora article about him five minutes ago." Jasper sat down behind his desk. "It said a train hit him? Poor boy."

I ground my jaw. Fuck you, Clyde.

Fuck you, Clyde. "Where were you between half nine and ten this morning?"

Jasper looked affronted. "Up here, working."

"With Brady?" I nodded towards the door. "He looked a little undressed when we saw him."

Jasper flushed crimson.

"I'm only asking so that we can alibi you," I said. "What you choose to do with your staff is no concern of mine."

"Yes, Brady was in here." He looked away.

"Brady knew Evan Archer. They met at the train station a few days ago. They both got off a train returning from Rosek."

Alex rounded the desk and showed Jasper two freeze frames from the security footage: a clear picture of Evan on the floor, and a shot of Brady and Niko helping him to stand up.

"What was Brady doing in Rosek?" Alex asked.

"He was meeting potential business partners for The Diamond on my behalf," Jasper said. "Another hotel called The Rose and Thorn -- you can find them on Xplora. We were considering promoting each other and offering shared deals: something I've discussed many times with other places. Brady often weeds people out, shall we say, before I meet them myself."

"How acquainted are you with Clyde Edwards?" I asked.

"We're not acquainted at all. I just know he writes these articles about the murder in my hotel." Jasper frowned at his tablet, hovering on his desk. "A lot of guests have left early or cancelled their rooms because of the frenzy he's creating."

"But you're very well-acquainted with everyone else who's of interest to us," I said. "You were all friends at university. Tell me, really, why don't you blame Kristina for Ripley's death?"

Jasper arched an eyebrow. "Am I supposed to blame Kristina?"

"You tell me."

"Rumours are rumours, Inspector. Ripley was not murdered."

He turned his chair away, his face pained.

***

We knocked on Brady's door, but there was no answer, and it was locked when we tried turning the handle. I confirmed both alibis with the receptionist on duty instead, who was standing awkwardly behind the desk in the lobby, her back against the old job advertisement poster. She told us that neither Jasper nor Brady had left the building near the time of the murder. I checked the CCTV to be certain. She was right.

Afterwards, we stepped outside and were hit with a cold February wind. I tugged my jacket tight around me, missing the bloody layers I'd shed. "We're going to the university now. I'd like to know just how skilled Evan was -- and there's an easy way for us to check."



We caught a tram to Bright Light University and managed to find the Robotic Science Block again. Professor Minerva West was in her classroom, tidying up for the lessons after lunch. She wasn't doing a very good job of it. Robot parts were still scattered across the tables and stacked precariously on top of each other. A half-eaten pot of cold pasta was sitting on her desk at the front of the room.

The professor straightened up as my boots clattered over the threshold. "Ah. Good afternoon..."

"Inspector Rames and Sergeant O'Sullivan," I reminded her.

"Of course. Are you here about Evan?"

"Yes, ma'am. I gather you've heard about his death?"

"Oh, yes. It's all over Xplora." She tucked grey hair behind her ears. "It's very sad. Evan was a lazy student, but it was only his first year. I felt sure that I was getting through to him. By the summer, I thought he might have turned over a new leaf and become my star pupil." She shook her head. "But now the talent that could have grown has gone to waste."

I might have pointed out that it wasn't entirely his fault, but after he'd almost killed me, I couldn't quite bring myself to defend him. " How talented was he, Professor?"

How "Very! He had more talent than all of my other students put together."

"As talented as you mentioned Mary Daniels was?" Alex asked.

Her eyes lit up. "Oh, yes! I've never taught anyone as good as Mary since she graduated. Evan was the closest, and yet he was in danger of turning into a Zed Croft. He once hacked a university robot, you know -- one from the administration office. He made it come right up to our workshop. The whole class stopped and stared at it for a good twenty minutes while I tried to get hold of the chief administrator."

"Zed Croft did that?" Alex asked.

"No! Evan, of course."

My ears pricked up. "How did you know it was him? He left a trace?"

"Well, it's funny you should mention that. He didn't. But he boasted about it as soon as the robot had gone again. It landed him in a lot of trouble, yet he was as pleased as -- "

I was already striding back out the door. "Thank you so much, Professor. That's all we needed to know."

Alex looked amused as he fell into step at my side. "Now what?"

"Now we have proper evidence suggesting Evan was the hacker, so we can turn our attention to Ronan. I'd like to look around his flat."

***

A couple of hours later, we had a search warrant. Laney had got back to us with Ronan's alibi: he'd claimed to be in his flat, alone, between half nine and ten, and that had been the icing on the cake in securing it.

Ronan was currently at one of the sites his new clients wanted to build on. Because it was clear that the murderer would kill police officers to keep their freedom, Laney was playing undercover and keeping an eye on him while we nosed around. We also took two officers to his flat with us and stationed them by the door on lookout.

Alex picked the lock, his movements easy.

"Done this much before?" I teased.

"It was a hobby when I was younger. I thought it would come in handy when I joined the police." He turned the lock picks like a key, and the door clicked open. "As it turns out, it has been."

The camera in the door suddenly emerged, finally sensing that someone was trying to get in. It started to squawk about calling the police, but Alex opened a metal box just inside the entrance and flicked a switch. It shut up.



"Right." I took a pair of nitrile gloves out my pockets. "Let's get to work."

We were standing in the small living room and kitchen area. Alex crossed to the units that made up the kitchen, and I looked through the papers on Ronan's knackered coffee table. Architectural plans after architectural plans. There was nothing hidden in them, so I moved on to the tattered sofas.

I felt around under the cushions. My gloves brushed over crumbs and a smashed-up earphone. I grimaced and pulled back, lifting the sofa cushion so that I could see properly. The only other thing there was a mouldy biscuit.

"Amber."

I straightened up and turned around. Alex was standing at the nearest kitchen counters, his head bowed to look at the contents of a drawer.

I went to him. The rear counters were cluttered with stacks of dirty plates and bowls. An old kettle was tucked up the corner with three cracked ceramic jars next to it, labelled as Tea , Coffee , and Sugar . I stood beside Alex and peered in the drawer.

Tea Coffee Sugar It contained a leather case, which Alex had flipped open. There were two velvet spaces for small duelling pistol remakes. One was occupied.

Guns were illegal for any human or robot to possess unless it was an authorised part of their profession. Architects certainly didn't have permission. I frowned and snapped a few photos on my tabphone. "Interesting. Okay, you can move it now."

Alex lifted the pistol up. I snapped another picture, wondering how Ronan had even been able to get hold of it. Perhaps it had been a black market purchase when his pockets had been deeper.

Alex checked the chambers. "It's loaded. Nothing's been spent."

He tugged an evidence bag out of his pocket and emptied the bullets in. He put the revolver in a different one.

"At least we have something to arrest Ronan for," I said. "But it's obviously not the gun that was used to shoot Zed."

Alex looked troubled. "No... Amber, these are supposed to come in pairs."

I glanced back at the case and the two empty spaces inside it. Trepidation settled into my gut. "Yeah, they are. Let's see if we can find the other one."

We went back into the living room and entered a tight hallway. I was in front, and I pushed the door on the left open. "His bedroom. We'll do this one together."

The bedroom was hardly bigger than a shoebox. A single bed was pushed against the damp walls, and a wardrobe stood next to it. There were only two feet of space between them.

I sat on the bed while I checked the pillows. Alex crouched down in the floor space I'd vacated and looked underneath the frame.

I found nothing beneath the first pillow. Nothing beneath the second. Then I looked in the pillowcases, but there was still no gun.

Alex rocked back on his heels with a battered cardboard box. He lifted the lid.

"Got anything?" I prompted.

"No. This is just full of photograph paper." He furrowed his brow.

My stomach sank. "Check the wardrobe. I'll call Dixon."

I called my governor while Alex went to the wardrobe. He yanked open the doors, and a pile of clothes tumbled out like an avalanche.

"Dixon speaking," my governor's voice said in my ear.

"Sir, this is Rames. We've got trouble. Ronan owns a set of duelling pistols, but we've only found one here. I think he's armed with the other."

There was a long pause. "Laney's calling my tabphone. Hang on."



Another pause. I chewed my lip.

"Yes, you are in trouble," Dixon said. "Ronan's on his way."

"Thank you, sir. I'll call Laney."

"No, I'll keep in touch with her. You stay on the line. When I tell you Ronan's in the building, get ready to arrest him at gunpoint. Am I clear?"

"Yes, sir."

Alex rammed what had fallen out of the wardrobe back in. He turned to me, shaking his head. Definitely no gun.

I relayed the information we'd been given by Dixon.

"We just have the bathroom left," he said when I'd finished. "That should be quick."

We went into the bathroom. A tiny shower was squashed into the corner, and I peered around the curtain to check there was nothing lying around for us to look at there.

Alex opened the cupboard under the sink. "Wash bags, mouthwash, soap, shampoo, conditioner, shaving cream... Wait."

He lifted out a dark pill bottle with something white inside. He turned it around and held it up to the light.

They were pills, all right. And now I could see a big commercial label slapped across them, stating what they were. Ibuprofen .

Ibuprofen I sighed. "Damn. Not cyanide."

"Ronan's close, Amber," Dixon said in my ear.

I took the bottle off Alex and sniffed it in desperation, but it really wasn't cyanide. My heart sank. We'd have to get out in a minute, and we'd found nothing to link Ronan to the murders.

Then I had an idea. "Alex, the kitchen -- there's a jar of sugar, right? Next to ones with tea and coffee?"

"Yes."

"Did you look in it? Smell it?"

He thought about it, his gaze connecting with mine for a heartbeat and lightening with understanding. Then we were both bolting out the bathroom door.

"Ronan's approaching the building," Dixon said in my ear. "Get into your positions."

We burst into the kitchen. Alex reached the pot of sugar first and wrenched the lid off. I could smell bitter almonds from where I was standing, and he was quick to put the pot back down.

"Ronan is in the building," Dixon said. "Get into your positions, for God's sake!"

I drew my pistol. "Go!"

We bolted towards the front door and flung it open. The officers stationed outside flinched, their hands flying to their weapons. When they saw us, they relaxed.

I explained our orders, and their hands went to their weapons again. We moved down the corridor so that we were closer to the stairs, our pistols raised.

"We're in position, sir," I said to Dixon.

We waited, muscles tensed and still. Counting seconds. Counting the heartbeats banging in our ears.

Someone clomped up the stairs.

Ronan bobbed into view, his head down as he looked at where he was putting his feet.

I adjusted my aim. "Police! Don't move!"

He stopped on the last stair and looked up. "What the -- "

"Don't move! Put your hands where I can see them!"

Ronan slowly raised his hands in the air.

I inched towards him. "On your knees."

He sank down.

"Ronan Lewis," I said, "I am arresting you for the attempted murder of a police officer. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 30


We took Ronan down to the police station while a couple of PRBs made a more thorough examination of his flat. Just ten minutes after we'd settled Ronan in an interview room, Dixon received a report from the robots to say that they'd found a little more evidence and were bringing it down to us.

"After you've interviewed Ronan," Dixon said to me, "I want you to go home. You've had a shock, and it's going to catch up with you."

I straightened my back. "But, sir -- "

"No more arguing. I've let you do what you like today, but now that we have the murderer in custody, you'll follow my orders again. Alex can take you home."

I twisted my fingers together in my lap. "Yes, sir."

"Talk to Cassia. See if she can leave the mortuary early and keep an eye on you."

"I don't need keeping an eye on, sir."

"Do you want to be taken off this investigation?"

"No!"

"Then I suggest you do as I say." His gaze moved over my shoulder before I could argue again. "Yes?"

I twisted around in my seat. Laney was standing in the doorway. "Ronan Lewis' solicitor is here, sir."

"Thank you," Dixon said. "Tell them my officers will be another few minutes."

***

"This interview is being video-recorded and may be given in evidence if your case is brought to trial. We are in an interview room at Socrico Police Station on 13th February 2186. The time is 16:00. I am Detective Inspector Amber Rames. The other police officer present is Detective Sergeant Alex O'Sullivan. Please state your full name and date of birth."

"Ronan Lewis. 2nd July 2155."

"Also present is Ronan's solicitor. Ronan, I will remind you that you do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."

I laid a hand-written receipt for cyanide on the table, found by the PRBs at the bottom of the sugar jar. Alex added the duelling pistol we'd discovered in the kitchen and the one we'd taken off Ronan's person, plus a paper printout displaying several shots of Evan's ski-masked killer pushing him in front of the train. Ronan's solicitor leaned forward and inspected the evidence, even though we'd been obliged to explain it to him beforehand.

I tapped the receipt. "We found cyanide in your kitchen, Ronan."

He shook his head. "Okay, I shouldn't have that. But no one's been killed with cyanide. I don't get -- "

My temper flared. " I was almost killed with cyanide this morning. You gave it to Evan Archer with the instruction to put it in whatever drink I ordered at Coffee Glitch. You wanted me off the scene to shake up the investigation. This receipt confirms that it was you who made the illegal transaction for potassium cyanide yesterday afternoon. You were panicking as we started to close in."

I Ronan sat back, his eyes wide. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"We spoke to you about Duty Bank yesterday. Is that what you killed Kristina and Zed for?"

"I would never kill Kristina!" Ronan's voice rose. "Never! I was angry, but I never stopped loving her! Now that she's gone, I wanted some photos of her around the flat. Real photos I could treasure. I thought it would be cheaper if I printed them myself. I bought the cyanide to act as a fixer to stabilise the images. You have to believe me."



I remembered the photo paper Alex had found at his flat. But I shook my head. "Cyanide is an unusual option for a fixer. And I thought you were a struggling architect. Photo paper is very expensive."

He looked away. "I bought that illegally, too."

"When did you buy it?"

"At the same time as the cyanide," he muttered feebly.

"Very convenient." I tapped the CCTV images. "So, is that you in the ski mask? Did you push Evan Archer?"

"No! I don't even know who he is!"

"Fine. Let's move onto our last piece of evidence. Why do you own two duelling pistols? You know that's illegal."

"I think it's bullshit. A man should be allowed to protect himself. You've seen the dump I live in. It's not safe there."

"And that's all?"

"Yes." He turned his face away. "I refuse to answer any more stupid questions."

***

Alex walked me home after the interview. Frustration made my blood run hot and my limbs restless, and I did a better job of keeping up with his natural pace than usual.

I wanted evidence to charge Ronan with the murders of Kristina and Zed, and I wanted it now -- because now, more than anything, I wanted the investigation to be over. I'd watched Zed Croft die despite my best efforts, I'd almost been poisoned, and I'd witnessed Evan Archer being hit by a train. The energy I felt was a strange, weary one: a last surge of determination before I burned out altogether.

When we reached my front door, I looked up at Alex. "Do you want to come in for a few minutes before you go back to the station?"

His mouth curved into a gorgeous smile. "I'd like that."

The door scanned my face and opened. I led him in and kicked it shut behind us, my gaze never moving from his mouth.

I must have stepped towards him, or him towards me, because suddenly we were kissing. His arms curved around my waist, and I was glad of his support because it felt like the world had fallen away beneath me. I was finally somewhere else; something else. Just need.

something My hands found his tie and tugged it. He stepped back with an air of reluctance, shackling my fingers. "Amber, no. I'll never get back to the station if you do that, and Dixon would ask where I'd been."

I lowered my hands and turned my face away. "And we don't want to be arrested. I think."

Squeezing past him, I retreated into the kitchen. Arriving to find the room empty suddenly reminded me that the day wasn't over. "Oh, no! Mitzy! I'll have to go and get her."

"Ah." Alex followed me and leaned against the counter. "I think Cassia must have called your mother earlier. Then your mother called me and said Mitzy's blood tests came back negative, so she's releasing her from the surgery and taking her home for the night."

me I stared at him, dumbfounded. "Mom called you?"

"She said calling you was pointless because you'd argue with her about it. You don't need an injured cat on your hands after the day you've had, so she'll be bringing Mitzy back to you tomorrow instead."

"That's not fair on her -- "

"I got the impression that she loves your cat and she's excited to have her." Alex raised an eyebrow. "So you can forget going over there and trying to argue about it in person, too."

I dragged a hand through my hair. "Okay, fine."

But now that I had no cat and no work, shock was setting in again. I wondered how long it was going to be before I ever got a good night's sleep. I knew that when I closed my eyes tonight, the train would be there.



"I'm sorry about today," Alex said softly. He pulled me against his chest. "I'm sorry about everything."

"It's okay." I laid my head down, strangely at peace in his arms even though his touch still electrified me. "It's better when I'm with you."

"But now I have to go."

"So I'll ring Gem. We'll have a girl's night in."

"All right." Alex sighed deeply. "Tomorrow night, we're going to spend time together without any murders intruding. Come to my place for Valentine's dinner."

My spirits lifted a little, and I raised my head. "That sounds great. I love your flat -- and I'm especially fond of your bedroom."

His lips quirked. "Funnily enough, I feel the same way when you're in it."

***

"What the hell is this?" Cassia's voice was laced with disapproval as she shrugged her coat off in my living room an hour later.

"A major incident room." I stopped in the middle and spun to face her and Gem. " My major incident room."

My I'd found a marker pen (not permanent) and written notes all over the far wall. The coffee table was covered in old scraps of paper I'd reused to represent the evidence, with things like potassium cyanide and duelling pistols written on them. I'd also gone to the costly pains of printing out the front pages of some national profiles, alongside the CCTV images of the train station Alex had shown Ronan earlier, more CCTV images from the murder of Kristina and Zed, and Ripley's tablet.

potassium cyanide duelling pistols Balanced on and around these things were the only acknowledgements that I had guests: three cups of tea and a large slab of chocolate.

"Amber," Cassia said slowly. "I thought we were having a girl's night in. You need a break. This -- "

" -- is my job," I cut in. "I have to bring the murderer to justice."

"But, Ambie -- "

Gem surveyed the room with a cheeky glint in her eyes. Her hair was bright red today and plaited neatly. "This looks like fun, and you know we'll never be able to persuade her to rest until she's finished it."

" And you enjoy helping me." I picked up two more pens from the coffee table and threw them at my sister and my friend. "You secretly love playing detective, Cassia."

And She caught her pen with one eyebrow raised. Gem's flew into the hallway.

"Okay," I said when she'd retrieved it. "Let me talk you through the investigation from start to finish. One rule -- this is sensitive information. What I tell you in this room stays in this room."

"Right!" Gem slammed the door shut for emphasis.

I turned to the far wall and pointed at a timeline I'd drawn. "We'll start with the bare bones of the investigation. Just after 05:00 on the eleventh of February, Kristina Nixon was clubbed to death with a set of antique weighing scales at The Diamond Hotel. This was done by a hacked hotel robot named Alpha. No trace of the hacker's online identity was discovered.

"On the same day, Zed Croft was shot at Duty Bank by his own robot. He died shortly afterwards. Mary Daniels was a witness to the incident and claims the robot told Zed he had been a very bad boy -- just as Kristina had been told, that morning, that she had been a very bad girl. We located the robot a while later, but again, there was no trace of the hacker.

"No murders on 12th February, but the gun that was used to kill Zed Croft was found in his old dorm room at Bright Light University. Evan Archer, a current student, must have planted it there. If we skip forward to the 13th February -- today -- I can explain who he is. This morning, Evan attempted to murder me by spiking the drinks I ordered at Coffee Glitch with potassium cyanide. He then fled and eventually entered Socrico Train Station, where he was pushed in front of an oncoming train by a man in a ski mask.



"Later in the day, we searched the flat of Ronan Lewis. We discovered potassium cyanide there, purchased illegally. He was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and is currently being detained in the custody suite." I let my hands fall to my sides. "Any questions so far?"

Cassia was frowning at a CCTV shot of The Diamond Hotel. "If you've charged someone, what are we doing this for?"

"We only have physical evidence linking Ronan to my cyanide incident. There's nothing solid yet that will prove he murdered Evan in court, and nothing connecting him to the murders of Kristina and Zed at all. So I want to think like he thinks and understand where to find the evidence."

Gem picked up a mug of tea. A scrap of paper was stuck to the bottom, and she pulled it off. " Coffee poisoned with potassium cyanide x2. What's this?"

Coffee poisoned with potassium cyanide x2. "Our pretend evidence," I said. "I couldn't bring it all home with me."

"But she would have if it had been possible." Cassia shook her head with a wry smile. "Have you even eaten yet, Ambie?"

"Eating properly comes later, but you can help yourself to some chocolate." I walked to the opposite side of the coffee table. "Let's tack the evidence on the wall. First: the CCTV images of Kristina's murder, the weighing scales, and Alpha the robot all need to be put on the timeline at 05:00, 11th February. Zed's evidence is the bank robot, the rifle used to shoot him, and the CCTV images from the shooting. The attempted poisoning needs the coffee sticking up next to it, and the murder of Evan needs the train station's CCTV images and the cyanide coffee scraps to remind us of the link. Then put the cyanide paper with the arrest of Ronan and add duelling pistols ."

duelling pistols Cassia and Gem stuck the paper evidence on the timeline for me, and then we had a minute's pause while we surveyed our work. I sipped my tea and ate a chunk of chocolate.

"Now," I said, "let's have Ronan Lewis' national profile."

"But there are loads of people here," Cassia said. "Don't you want them, too?"

"No. Just Ronan."

She handed me Ronan's profile, and I stuck it above the timeline.

"What's his motive?" Gem asked.

"A long story. In 2173, he began studying at Bright Light University. He shared a student flat with Zed Croft. They met with his sister, Ripley Lewis; his cousin, Jasper Jaydes; and his future wife and Zed's classmate, Kristina Nixon. The infamous five were formed."

Gem pointed at a different national profile. "Where does Mary Daniels fit in?"

"She was a classmate of Kristina and Zed, and she was bullied by them." I swallowed. "Kristina and Zed entered a relationship. But near the end of their final year, Ripley committed suicide by jumping from the roof of the Music Block, and they witnessed it. You can find her tablet on the table, documenting the suicidal thoughts that led up to the moment when this friendship group became potential enemies.

"Kristina broke up with Zed and married Ronan. Five years later, Ronan divorced Kristina after she sold plans for a bank they'd dreamed up together to Zed: Duty Bank. But, left with less money than she'd expected, Kristina was forced to work as a receptionist for Jasper at The Diamond Hotel. Meanwhile, Mary Daniels had been struggling to hold down a job because she was psychologically scarred by her torment at university. Working for Zed, her bully, appeared to become her only option."

Gem frowned. "I wouldn't do that even if I was desperate."

"What about Clyde?" Cassia asked.

"He's a dead end. Can you pass me Evan Archer's profile? He's the hacker."



She did, and I tacked it up next to Ronan's.

"While Evan might have failed to kill me," I said, "he excelled at hacking the robots. He studied robotic science at Bright Light, and according to Professor West, he'd hacked robots without leaving a trace before. Seems conclusive that he's our hacker here." I stepped back and picked up my cup of tea. "Okay, I've laid it all out for you now. Time to think about where we might find more evidence."

"What about the train station?" Gem asked. "Ronan could have dumped the ski mask in a bin there."

"The PRBs have searched every inch of it."

Cassia came alongside me and studied my notes. "What's all this about him being at a building site? Have you looked there?"

I perked up. "No. I'll call Alex."

I placed an audio-call to him so that he wouldn't be able to see what I was doing. He answered on the first ring. "Amber, are you all right?"

"Yeah. I don't suppose you're still at the station?"

"I am. We sent some PRBs to search Evan's dorm at Bright Light, and I was just waiting for them to get back. They didn't find anything to help us."

"Have you checked the building site Ronan's been spending so much time at?"

"Yes. There's nothing there, either. Evan's bank account also hasn't turned up any results: whoever contracted him hadn't paid yet. I'm calling it a day." His voice softened. "Why are you asking? I thought you were taking a having a girls' night in with Cassia and Gem."

"I am," I said quickly. "It just popped into my head. That's all. Goodbye."

***

Cassia, Gem, and I gorged on pizza and watched some films, but I couldn't stop thinking about the investigation. After they'd gone home, I called my old sergeant, Nina Howell, in the hope that she could cast a fresh eye over the facts. But she'd been keeping up with the news on Xplora -- and my governor.

"No, I'm not helping you." Nina looked vibrant on my tabphone screen, cosied up in a plum jumper with dark hair hanging over her shoulders in two French braids. But she was without her usual dimpled smile. "You're supposed to be resting. Dixon called me to make sure you didn't call me to talk about work."

you I tucked my legs underneath me with a sigh, disappointed that I'd been betrayed. "But what am I supposed to do?"

"Go to bed early. Or read. Or eat chocolate."

"I always eat chocolate." I raised the plate of leftover chocolate so that she could see. "And I don't want to go to bed. I want to talk with you."

"Then let's talk about something else."

"Okay." I racked my brain, but I couldn't think of anything else to talk about. Eventually, I realised it was very quiet on Nina's end of the line. If her girlfriend was in the flat, she wasn't making any noise. "How's Erin?"

"Good. She's in New London with a client, but she's due back tomorrow."

"Great. How's Rosek?"

"Still good. I still miss you, but I feel settled now."

"Is your sergeant still pulling his weight?"

Nina shrugged. "Yes, but we'll never be friends."

"You should come back and visit the rest of us, then. See my ugly mug in real life."

Finally, she released her wide smile. "I think I'll have to wait a while. I don't expect the chief super would be pleased if I asked for a holiday so soon. However, I'd love to meet the man who's taken my place. I remember him being tall, dark, and handsome when I saw him on video during the Ackerman inquiry."

I blushed. "Um, yes, he is. How are your investigations? Got anything interesting?"

"Come on, let's have a conversation that isn't about work. How's Mitzy?"

isn't "Mom's got her. She had to stay overnight at the clinic yesterday."

Nina's eyes widened. "What happened?"

I explained about Mitzy going missing up to the point where Alex had carried her to the clinic with me.

"Alex?" Nina repeated. "What was Alex doing with you?"

"Walking me home. He gets as worried as Dixon about Clyde hanging around."

"Oh, how sweet! Or maybe even romantic...?" She grinned.

"Nina!" I felt my face turn hot again.

"I know, I know, I shouldn't joke about a police officer indulging in an illegal activity like that. But if I were you, I would be very tempted." She winked. "Especially when it's Valentine's Day tomorrow."

very

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 31


Alex managed to beat me to the station the next morning, even though I didn't have a cat to feed and I didn't stop at Coffee Glitch. He was sitting behind his desk, frowning at his tabphone. A tall flask and two mugs stood beside him.

He looked up when I pushed the door open, but he waited until I'd shut it behind me before he spoke. "Happy Valentine's Day."

"Happy Valentine's Day." I smiled. "I never thought I'd hear myself say that."

He raised a dark eyebrow. "Have you never said it to anyone else?"

"No. It's kind of soppy, isn't it? But I'm looking forward to our celebrations."

"So am I."

Something sparked in the air between us. Because a glass-walled office was not the best place to be indulging in anything intimate, I moved my gaze to the flask. "Is some of that for me?"

"Yes, I didn't think you'd go to Coffee Glitch. Help yourself."

I crossed the room and poured coffee into the mug that was empty.

"By the way," he added, "what were you doing last night?"

I shrugged. "Relaxing."

"Pull the other one."

"Okay, I thought about work a bit. But we weren't at it for any longer than an hour. Then we gave up and watched a film . "

. " We? Cassia and Gem were supposed to be keeping you out of trouble."

We? "They did. Largely. We just had a small brainstorming session first. I'll show you."

I'd taken a picture of the work we'd done on my wall, and now I loaded it on my tabphone. Alex leaned over my shoulder. "Yes, that looks like a very small brainstorming session. You've got more notes there than we've made here together."

"Only because I turned all our evidence into paper so that I could stick up. Did you think of anywhere else we could look?"

"No." His gaze drifted across the office, and he frowned into space.

"Then why the face?"

"What face?"

"Your deep-thinking-face."

A rueful smile tugged his lips. "It's Ripley. Do you still have her tablet?"

"In my bag." I backed away to retrieve it. Then I changed my mind and stopped. "Alex, what are you not telling me?"

His smile fell. "What do you mean?"

"You're like a dog with a bone over Ripley, convinced there's a mystery to solve. Why?"

He rubbed the back of his neck and turned away. "Lola. I didn't think her murderer would ever be caught. It was as cold a case as you can get them."

"But it was closed eventually?"

"After ten years."

I did the maths, and the puzzle pieces clicked into place. "By you. That was one of the last investigations you worked before you came here."

He leaned against his desk and met my eyes. "Yes. He surfaced again out of the blue...strangling teenage girls and dumping them. Just like Lola. I knew it had to be the same person. When we caught him, I thought it would close the door on that part of my life forever. But it went the other way -- meeting Lola's killer tore me up. I knew I couldn't stay on Rosek's force for long afterwards."

"So once it had been through court and you'd testified, you transferred here," I said. "Now you want justice for Ripley?"

"I have to be sure it was suicide. If Kristina did kill her, there's no justice to be had -- we can't lock her away. But at least her family would get the truth. I know how hard it is when the truth's missing."

sure

The sad look in his eyes was too much to hold out against. "Fine, I'll fetch that tablet. But don't pull yourself apart over this, okay? The truth could just be what everyone believes."

"I know."

"Good." I went back to my desk.

There was a knock on the door, and Dixon pushed it open. "Morning, you two. Are you planning on interviewing Ronan again today?"

I straightened up. "Yes, sir. We were just going over our notes."

"I have a feeling you'll be postponing that when I tell you the news I've just received." He crossed his arms over his chest. "But before I give it to you, I want to make this clear: our murderer is in the custody suite."

Now he'd piqued my curiosity. "Have you received evidence against someone else?"

"It's hardly evidence. Early this morning, a man was cautioned for running towards an oncoming tram near Bright Light University. He's a member of staff there, and you might have even spoken with him: Professor Lars Stephenson."

That was Ripley's old music teacher. I exchanged a confused look with Alex. "Yes, sir. But what has that got to do with -- "

Dixon held up his hand. "Let me finish. While he was explaining himself to the officers -- and missing his tram -- he said that he was in a rush to get to hospital because his daughter had been taken in with pneumonia. His daughter is Mary Daniels."

Shocked silence settled over the office.

"But it doesn't say that on her national profile," I said. "Her father is -- well, a Daniels."

her "It seems her mother recorded the man she married as Mary's father. Professor Stephenson left her before the birth."

married "That's interesting." I pressed my lips together. "Fathers can feel protective over their biological children even if they've previously had little to do with them. He wanted to see her in hospital. What if he wanted to punish Kristina and Zed for what they put her through at university?" I grabbed my jacket. "We need to find him."

Dixon stood aside with a sigh, and we hurried out the office. When we reached the station doors, Alex stopped. "Pneumonia? That's a bit sudden."

"Yes," I said. "But we haven't seen her since Zed was shot a few days ago." Deciding the door was high enough, I ducked under it. "That's time enough, and her depression has probably weakened her immune system, which makes her more susceptible."

The door slammed to a stop in the air behind me, and Alex's shoes clicked over the concrete as he caught up. "Did you learn that from Cassia?"

"I am capable of acquiring my own knowledge."

"But did you?"

I scowled. "Fine, yes. I did."

We reached the top of the road and turned onto the high street, towards the nearest tram stop. The flower boys were out in force again, trying to sell bouquets of roses. Some were even giving free blooms to passing women. One appeared in my hands.

Alex shot it an offended look. " I've got you flowers. They're waiting for you in my flat."

I've I had to jog to keep up with him. "You've -- got me flowers?"

We reached the tram stop just as the last person was getting on board, so Alex spent his breath leaping after them. I scrambled on, and the doors slammed behind me. The tram moved off.

It was commuter o'clock and standing room only. A girl in primary school uniform sitting in front of us looked at my rose with longing. I put it down on her metal windowsill while I caught my breath. By the time I looked back, it was gone.



"Thank you," I said to Alex. "A bouquet is a lot of money with the permanent plant shortage -- "

He smiled, although his gaze was serious. "You can thank me later."

***

Socrico Hospital was a wide, metal skyscraper, each floor layered like a traditional Japanese building from the surface. It was marked by nothing but a neon red cross, and the barren architecture made it seem as if it had been plucked straight from the nuclear war. Green paramedic vans, one of the few vehicles that were allowed to drive down our streets, were parked haphazardly across the long drive.

The lobby was like the pictures I'd seen in school of old airports, sprawling as far as I could see. A clutter of pipes and wires clung naked to the walls. Medical robots, patients, and visitors clanked across the floor. Someone was coughing nearby.

A desk stood in the centre, manned by more robots. I let Alex do the talking when we reached it.

"Socrico Police." He showed his warrant card to the nearest robot. "We need to speak to a patient. Mary Daniels."

"Just one moment." The robot's eyes rolled to the back of its head, leaving two dark sockets. "Patient two-six-eight-six Mary Daniels is in the seventeenth room on the general ward."

Alex strode off. I followed him down the lobby. "That eye-rolling thing is fucking creepy. Those robots are like Halloween attractions."

He glanced at me. "You've never seen them do that?"

"I've never spoken to one before. I went to the A&E department when I was six because I'd sprained my ankle, but my parents did the talking. I've never been a patient since, and you know how hard I try to avoid all robots as a police officer."

We found a lift at the end of the lobby and rode it up to the second floor. We walked straight past the receptionist and followed a circular corridor until we found Mary's room.

I knocked on the door and pushed it open. "Police."

The patients' rooms were the only places where the raw, industrial look of the building faded. Wires were hidden behind curving walls. A circular bed stood in the centre, with neat tubes leading away from it to bags of fluids. Mary was lying there, wearing a cannula, and Professor Lars Stephenson was sitting beside her. They both looked up as we entered.

"Inspector Rames!" Mary cried, her voice hoarse.

"Good morning, Mary," I said coolly. "Hello, Professor Stephenson. It seems that you forgot to mention your daughter when we spoke to you at Bright Light University."

He rose, his expression darkening. "I don't think it's any of your business."

"It very much is. You know Kristina Nixon and Zed Croft used to bully Mary at Bright Light. You must do. Even if you weren't her father, you are a professor there."

Mary struggled to sit up, her eyes widening. "You can't be saying...?"

"Perhaps we should have this talk in private, Professor," Alex said.

Stephenson clenched his jaw. "No. I have limited visiting time. Whatever you want to say, you can say it here."

"Then I'd like to ask where you were yesterday morning."

"Stop it!" Mary said. "I know what you're doing. He isn't the murderer. But I can tell you why Kristina and Zed were killed."

I I exchanged a curious look with Alex. He moved closer to her bedside. "Go on."

She swallowed hard and knitted her fingers together. "It's Ripley Lewis. There's something about her death that only Kristina, Zed, and I knew. Or, at least, something I thought only the three of us knew."

thought

I sat down beside her. "Yes?"

"I was there the night Ripley died. I went up to the roof to think -- the Music Block was right beside my flat. That was where I always went. Maybe I liked heights. Maybe I sometimes, fleetingly, thought about life the same way Ripley did."

Stephenson took her hand and squeezed it. She turned her head away from him. "They were all there. I saw it happen. And they saw me. They said they'd never hurt me again if I kept the secret, if I pretended I'd never even witnessed it. I agreed to keep my lips sealed, and they never spoke to me again.

"But the guilt was worse than anything they'd put me through before. I was diagnosed with depression. I couldn't hold down a job. Zed took me on as his personal assistant when he heard how it was affecting me. Not to help, I don't think, but to make sure I didn't feel the urge to talk."

Alex and I exchanged an uneasy glance. He sat down beside me. "What happened that night, Mary?"

If it was possible, her pale face grew paler still. "The three of them were drunk. That was what made it happen. They were walking around campus, messing about, I think, until they got to the Music Block. Kristina wanted to go up to the top and see the view, but Ripley was afraid of heights. Kristina found that amusing. It wasn't just me she liked to taunt, you know. It was everyone.

Kristina "She said she never touched Ripley, she just wanted her to stand on the edge of the roof for a laugh. Ripley did. I know how that feels -- doing anything just to make them stop picking on you. But she was very drunk, and she misjudged her step." Mary closed her eyes. "I saw her fall. She just...overbalanced and...fell."

I sucked in a sharp breath. "So it was an accident."

"And the three of you painted it as suicide," Alex said quietly.

She looked like she was going to object and shift the blame, but at the last moment, she sighed. "Yes. I wanted to protect myself from them."

Professor Stephenson came closer, until he was in danger of stepping on my toes. "I think that's enough, now, Inspector. Mary has told you all she can. My visiting time is almost up, and I think you have more than outstayed your welcome."

your We got up. I cast one last glance at Mary. "Thank you for telling us."

But with three bodies on our hands, I felt that it was a little too late.

We left the room. As I shut the door behind us, my earpiece buzzed. I tapped it. "Rames speaking."

"Amber, this is Dixon. You need to get out of the hospital now . Walk while I talk to you."

now We walked towards the lift. Alex pulled ahead on his long legs, and I hurried to catch up. "Walking and listening, sir."

"Brady Haywood from The Diamond Hotel just called the station. He wanted to come in and give a statement about Evan Archer's murder."

"And?"

"There was a violent commotion and the call cut off."

My blood ran cold.

"I'm sending PRBs over there now, and I want you to go with them," Dixon said. "I'm not so sure we have the murderer in custody after all. Find Brady...try to find him alive. And get him out of there."

"Yes, sir."

"But be careful, Amber." His voice hardened. "You know someone wants you dead."

***

We left the hospital at a run. A tram came to a stop just ahead of us, and a group of people climbed on.

"Quick!" I gasped. "We need to catch that!"



We sprinted across the driveway and reached the tram just before the doors shut. Seats were available, but we remained standing as it squealed off. It felt to me that there was no time to sit.

When the tram stopped on Diamond Lane, we hit the ground running. The road was deserted, and nothing but the pounding of our shoes and the harsh rasps of our breath breached the silence as we sprinted to the hotel. It was an eerie silence; one that is cold and heavy and always hangs before a horror.

The PRBs were already inside, gathering guests and staff together in front of the desk and giving them a pat-down. "Where is Brady Haywood?" they kept asking.

The civilians stared at the robots' rifles with wide eyes. No one responded.

We ran straight past them to the lifts. I punched all the buttons, looking to see which set of doors would open first. Alex drew his pistol and checked it was loaded.

All the lift doors slid open, and I pulled my sergeant into a car. "Go, go!"

We shot up to the top floor.

The door to the penthouse suite was standing ajar. At the other end of the hallway, the tiny door to Brady's room was closed.

I looked at Alex and pointed down the hall with my pistol, then crept up to the penthouse entrance alone. "Brady? Jasper?"

No reply. The gap between the door was dark.

Nudging it open with my foot, I sighted into the shadows. When nothing moved, I slid one hand along the inside wall, searching for a light switch. The paint remained smooth beneath my fingers.

I swore softly and dug into my pocket for my tabphone. When I'd switched its torch on, I held it close to the barrel of my pistol and slowly swung the beam around the entrance hall. A chandelier hung low from the ceiling, casting patterned shadows. There was no light switch.

"Turn the lights on," I said, but if there was a voice-operated system, it didn't obey me.

I moved slowly down the hallway, swinging the torch and gun from left to right, right to left again. The lights were off in every room, and although I checked them all for bodies, I didn't call Brady or Jasper's names again.

Jasper's office was the last room I looked in. The torch flashed across the leather sofa and under the desk, scouring all the shadows where a man could be lying in wait. I half expected to suddenly illuminate the golden eyes of Brady or find that Jasper was sitting in his chair, watching me, but there was nothing. A chill raced down my spine.

Something banged in the corridor. My heart hit my ribcage, and I scuttled out the penthouse.

Alex was attempting to kick Brady's door down. I joined in. Our shoes thudded against the wood in synchronisation, rattling the hinges.

"Brady!" I yelled. "Let us in!"

The door suddenly flew back, bouncing off the wall. Alex shouldered his way in, and I followed him with my pistol raised.

There were no shadows in the housekeeper's room. A plain, neatly made bed stood to the side, and clean end tables and a chest of drawers were arranged around it. They were all positioned well away from the gap in the wall that led to the backstairs, like electro-tape framing a crime scene.

In front of the stairs, lying on his back, was Brady Haywood.

"No." My pistol fell to my side, and I pushed past Alex. Brady's golden eyes were wide open, and a bullet hole was burrowed between them.

Anger unfurled with hot claws. I turned and slammed my fist into an end table.

We'd failed.

Alex tensed, pointing his pistol at the stairs. "Amber!"

A hand locked onto my collar from behind, smashing my head into the table. Pain flashed across my skull. The cold muzzle of a gun touched my temple.

"Sergeant O'Sullivan," Jasper Jaydes said, "I think you'd better stand down."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 32


A long second ticked past. Sweat pooled at the back of my neck.

Jasper hauled me upright, pushing the pistol into my temple. "Lower your gun, Sergeant."

Alex let it fall to his side, raising his free hand in surrender. His jaw was clenched tight.

"Put it on the floor," Jasper said, "and kick it over here."

Alex crouched and put his pistol on the ground. He kicked it in our direction. It slid across the carpet, stopping beside Brady's lifeless hand.

"Don't do this, Jasper," Alex said.

"Forgiveness is needed for all the people caught up in this. But forgiveness can only be found in death."

I licked my dry lips. "You know the truth about Ripley."

"It's taken you a long time to realise that...but then, so many other playing pieces have given you their motives. Clyde Edwards, Mary Daniels, Lars Stephenson, even my cousin Ronan...I knew about it all."

"You made a mistake when you killed Evan," Alex said. "You drew us onto the right tracks."

"Did I? You arrested Ronan , not me!" Jasper's grip tightened on my collar. "You would never have realised it was me. Not if I hadn't been betrayed by Brady."

Ronan "You used these backstairs," I said. "I guess there's a fire escape at the bottom. So, Brady saw you leave yesterday. But did he know at the time where you'd gone? Or did he only realise this morning?"

"Questions, questions, questions. I'm aware you like knowing all the answers, Inspector. I saw it in you when you came here as a sergeant all those years ago. Your curiosity has been both a blessing and a curse."

From the corner of my eye, I watched his finger slide down the trigger.

"I'll humour you," he said. "Let's start from the beginning. You know Kristina was my friend as well as my employee. It was she who told me the truth about Ripley's death. It had been weighing on her. At first, I didn't know what to feel. I was fond of Kristina, but I'd loved Ripley -- deeply, like a sister. She was my blood. She had to be avenged.

"I knew exactly how to avenge her when Evan applied for our part-time position. When I learned that he was taking a robotic science degree at Bright Light, everything fell into place. Kristina would suffer at the hands of the robots she loved -- and Zed, too. Better still, it was the perfect way to hide myself behind the crime."

"So you bribed Evan to kill them," Alex said. His gaze was locked with mine. The more Jasper talked, the more time we'd have, but that time was going to run out fast. And neither of us knew how to get the gun away from my head.

"Yes," Jasper replied. "He went to visit his family in Rosek the next day, and I sent Brady to follow him. Brady didn't know exactly why, and he wasn't very good at it -- he would have failed to deliver the note I'd given him without Clyde Edwards. It was pure luck that Evan was pushed to the floor and Brady was close by to lend him a hand. He put the note in Evan's pocket then."

exactly "The note told Evan a date and time?" I guessed.

"Yes. And he came. At first he thought it was about the job, but I asked if it was possible for him to hack a robot without leaving a trace. He said yes; he'd done it once before. So I struck him a deal. He would kill Kristina and Zed using robots. I would pay him more money than he could ever expect to earn in his lifetime. He accepted.

"The punishment of Kristina and Zed went to plan, and it was easy for Evan to leave the gun in Zed's old room. I enjoyed the article Clyde wrote about you finding it very much, by the way. I enjoyed watching you run in circles. But the problem was that you were not as confused as I was hoping. Instead of dismissing Ripley's death, which to the authorities had always been unquestionably a suicide, you examined it thoroughly. The moment you came back here to talk about it, I knew that something needed to be done."

unquestionably

"So you told Evan to kill Amber." Alex stepped forward, his eyes dark.

Jasper jerked me back to the top of the stairs. "Stay there!"

Alex froze.

"That is exactly why I wanted to kill her," Jasper snarled. "You love her. No, don't argue about your relationship -- I can see it in your eyes. I wanted her eliminated; I wanted you distracted; and I wanted someone else leading the investigation. Someone who would take it in the wrong direction. Someone who would dismiss your hang-ups on Ripley."

"You also wanted to dispose of Evan," I said.

"When he saw you in his lecture after he'd killed Kristina, he panicked. He thought you were on to him. That paranoia wore him down. He threatened to come to you. He thought his arrest was inevitable, and that turning himself in and being honest would land him in less trouble. I applied my own threats in relation to his family and persuaded him to poison you instead. I told him that would solve the problem.

"Then I prepared to paint a suicide, as Kristina and Zed painted one all those years ago. A little push, away from the cameras...it would not have been difficult. His co-workers at the coffee shop would have identified him as the man who served your lethal drink, and everything would have fallen into place. This clever but deranged hacker had gone on a murdering spree, then thrown himself in front of a train in madness or despair.

"The problem was that Evan failed to kill you and panicked. He did not turn up at the train station when he was supposed to, and when he eventually did , who should I see but you behind him! There was no time to do anything except get rid of him. The plan had backfired: you were alive, and you did not believe him to be the true killer." He lowered the gun; pushed it into my neck. "But I finally have the opportunity to kill you now."

did "No!" Alex took another step towards us. "Put the gun down, Jasper. You don't have to do this."

"I want to. She's been such a pain." The pressure against my neck suddenly slackened. "But I want to make her watch you die first."

He moved so fast that everything was over in a heartbeat. Releasing my collar, he raised the gun and fired at my sergeant.

The last thing I saw before Alex fell was his surprise.

" No! " I screamed.

No! Jasper turned towards me. Instinct overrode everything else, and I dropped to the floor. I rolled as I fell, trying to get away, but my feet flew backwards over the steps and suddenly I was in the stairwell.

I flew until gravity took hold. The first step I hit jabbed into my shoulder like a knife, and my forefinger cracked as it caught beneath my body. The sound was replaced by an explosion.

A bullet passed over my scalp, leaving burning fire in its wake. Pain came from the stairs again as I hit another, carving between my ribs. My head crashed into something solid. I didn't know what it was, because I didn't know which way was up. The whole world spun around me. The only thing I understood was the falling.

My foot caught beneath me near the bottom, then slipped through the railings at the side. It twisted between the wood and snapped. Pain flared in my ankle, and my head smashed against the floor.

Something went missing after that.

I was revived by the clanking of PRBs above me. I pushed myself upright, staring at what I thought was the top of the stairs. No one was there.

" Alex! Oh, God, no..."

Alex! "Jasper Jaydes, I am arresting you for the murders of Kristina Nixon, Zed Croft, Evan Archer, and Brady Haywood. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."

My heart stopped. "Alex? Alex! "

Alex! He appeared at the top of the stairs. "Amber?"

"You're alive." I stared at him, confused and relieved. "Jasper shot you."

"The gun hang-fired. You got my bullet."

It took me a moment to understand the implication. Alex had been acting on instinct like me -- dropping to get out of the way. The bullet hadn't left the barrel until Jasper had swung the pistol around.

"Oh, God." My stomach heaved. "You almost -- "

" Shh. " He jogged down the steps and crouched beside me. "I'm okay. But I need to stop the bleeding while the PRBs call for paramedics. Where were you shot?"

Shh. I looked at him blankly. "Shot? I wasn't shot. It just grazed me. But I hit my head, and I've broken my ankle."

He looked down at my feet; took a punt and unlaced my right boot. "Anything else?"

"I'll check." Everything was aching, but I supposed if it moved, it was just bruised. I already knew my back worked. I wriggled my left foot. My left leg. Both arms. My fingers --

Pain and nausea coursed through my system. "And my left forefinger. Shit."

Alex pulled the tongue of my boot down gently. "Your ankle's swelling up already. It looks like I'll be carrying you out of here to meet the paramedic van."

I closed my eyes. "I'm too heavy."

"Don't be stupid." I felt him tug my boot off. Then his shoes tapped down the last steps to the floor, and the air moved as he sat next to me. "Two broken bones and a bump on the head. You'll mend. Thank God."

"I must have jinxed myself when I was at the hospital earlier. I'm going to be having a good, long look at the rooms in there now."

"Yeah." His fingers brushed against my hair. "Amber, open your eyes. You're worrying me."

I opened them. "Sorry. I feel sick. I don't know if it's my head or my bones."

He looked at me with concern. "Do you know what day it is?"

"Valentine's Day. I'm coming to your flat later." I glanced at my ankle. "Well, I was. And before you ask, I'm not seeing double. Although I'd say that's a shame when you're in front of me."

A touch of amusement shaped his lips. "I think you're on the mend already. Let's get out of here."

"Where's Jasper? Don't you need to take him to the station?"

"The PRBs have him. They should be escorting him out of the hotel as we speak." Alex stood up and lifted me into his arms. "Now it's your turn."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 33


I stopped in the entrance to the hospital waiting room. "Oh. That's quite an audience."

Dixon, Cassia, and Sebastian were huddled on plastic chairs, all of them oblivious to my presence. Dixon was making two calls at once, alternating between his tabphone and his earpiece. Cassia was talking to Sebastian, wearing a brighter smile than I'd have expected considering her sister had just fallen down a flight of stairs.

Alex was leaning against the wall by the entrance. He took me in with one sweep of the eyes. "And that's quite an outfit."

My right foot was clad in a large plaster cast, and my left forefinger was in a plastic splint. I also had stitches along my scalp and a massive headache to go with them. Despite it all, I smiled. "You know I've never been conventional with my work clothes."

Cassia looked up. "Amber!"

She abandoned Sebastian and came across the waiting room, giving me a fierce hug. I wobbled.

Alex caught me by the shoulders. "Easy, Cassia. Don't break her any more than she is already."

"Sorry." She drew back. "I'm just so glad you're okay, Ambie. We all rushed over when we heard you'd been hurt."

"So I can see," I said wryly. "You must have been waiting for ages. The station..."

"Is not going to burn down in our absence," Sebastian drawled, coming to a stop beside Cassia.

Dixon joined him. "We've dropped the murder charges against Ronan. It looks like he was telling the truth about the purpose of his cyanide. The PRBs are still examining the hotel, but they've already discovered the ski mask -- and the real cyanide. And Jasper has confessed to everything on video at the station." He looked at me, a hint of relief in his gaze. "Speaking of the station, I only let Sebastian come so he could see with his own eyes that you're all right. He can go back now. I think the mortuary would like Cassia again, too."

Cassia frowned. "But if Amber's been diagnosed with concussion, someone needs to go home with her. She has to be supervised for forty-eight hours."

"I haven't got concussion -- " I began.

got "I'm sending Alex home early," Dixon said. "He can keep an eye on her until you've finished work. Now, you two skedaddle. I just need to talk with Amber about the time off she'll be having."

They left reluctantly.

I turned to my governor. "Sir, I don't need time off."

"For the love of God, Amber, surely even you can't argue that you're capable of arresting people like that."

"I can sit at my desk, sir."

He raised an eyebrow. "I'm not sure I'd trust you to stay there. But I'll think about it." His tabphone started ringing. "Sorry. Excuse me a minute."

He turned and left the waiting room, lifting his tabphone to his ear. I caught a snatch of barked instructions before the door swung shut behind him.

We were alone.

Alex took my right hand, intertwining his fingers with mine over the crutch. "I'm so glad you're okay, Amber. I wanted to kill Jasper myself when I thought you were dead."

My breath caught as I remembered my own worries for Alex. For a few minutes, I'd truly believed he'd been killed. Suddenly finding that I couldn't balance even with the help of crutches, I leaned back against the wall.

He followed me, bracing his hands on either side of my head. It was as if, now that we'd come so close to losing each other, we were like magnets: unable to stay apart. "If you do persuade Dixon not to give you time off, as only you would, will you really promise to stay behind your desk?"



I swallowed. With his breath fanning across my face, and his green eyes locked on mine, I would have agreed to anything.

"Even I can't argue that I'm capable of running around like this," I admitted. "So I promise. For you."

"Thank you." His smiled, his gaze filled with genuine relief. And then his eyes fell to my lips.

I didn't think twice. It had been a burning desperation since we'd reunited at the bottom of the stairs. I tilted my head up, and our mouths connected.

Sweet relief swept through me, and my knees almost gave out. God, Alex... I didn't want to imagine what life would have been like if the bullet had found its target and I'd never been able to touch him again.

God, Alex... Someone cleared their throat.

Alex jerked away. I stared at our intruder with horror.

Dixon had come back.

"Just a short phone call," he said coolly. "I didn't want to keep you waiting, but I see that wasn't a problem."

Silence fell over us, as thick and palpable as fog. We'd been caught, and by no less than our governor.

Alex stepped back completely, as if putting distance between us would help now, and turned away. I wasn't sure if he was angry with me or himself.

At last, Dixon said, "People usually defend themselves when I catch them like this. Or at least say something."

" Usually? " Alex repeated.

Usually? "You think you're the first officers to do this? We may uphold the law, but that doesn't mean we're any less likely to break it." He looked at me. "In fact, it often means we get cocky."

"We weren't getting cocky, sir," I said. "Our judgement was clouded by relief. But I won't apologise for it."

Alex glanced at me with surprise.

I met his gaze. "Well, except maybe to you for ruining your life and sending you to prison."

"Touching as that is," Dixon said with a note of bemusement, "I'm not arresting you."

I stared at him. "What?"

"If we all arrested every officer we caught in this position, England would only have half her force left. Most of us bend the rules. I tend to reassign the officers in question to different cities, at opposite ends of the country. The incidents never come to light again."

I swallowed and looked at Alex. I'd been expecting to see relief in his eyes, but all I saw was uncertainty.

"However," Dixon continued, "I'm going to give you a choice I've never offered anyone. As fond as I am of you both, I can't let this carry on in my station illegally. That's not an option. So you can break up, and I'll send Alex to New London. Or you can enter the Trials."

not I gulped. Entering the Trials would give us an ultimatum similar to the one I thought we'd just escaped from. Win and spend our lives together, or lose and spend our lives behind bars.

thought "You'll be observed during a murder inquiry," Dixon said. "And you already know that when it comes to your cases, you make a good team. So think about it. Come to the station and tell me your choice tomorrow morning."

***

Alex walked me home in silence.

When we reached my flat, he left me with the promise that he'd return. I stood in my kitchen alone, my stomach knotting.



The empty space on the counter where my coffee machine had perched looked strange. The first time I'd used it had been the day after I'd met Alex. A few nights later, we'd hit it off so well that he'd stayed at my flat for dinner, and we'd laughed over how useless the stupid thing had been.

There was no point in ever buying another, because I knew I'd feel a pang of loss every time I used it.

No one in their right mind would agree to do the Trials. Not Alex, and not me. Our only option was to split and be reassigned.

When he came back, I didn't bother going to the door. I just waited for him to find me.

This was it. Our last moment together.

He appeared on the kitchen threshold with a bouquet of roses, a shopping bag, and a yowling cat basket.

"I made a detour to get Mitzy," he said. "Your mother would have been happy to keep her for several weeks now you've broken your ankle, but I had a feeling that this time, you wouldn't back down. So I saved you the trouble of fetching her."

He put the cat basket on the floor and opened it. A black ball of fur shot out and made an immediate U-turn, bolting between his legs and vanishing down the hallway. I had no doubt that she was going to reacquaint herself with her favourite sofa.

Alex stepped over the basket and offered me the bouquet. "Happy Valentine's Day."

The knot in my stomach slowly unwound, and I took it from him with a faint smile. "Thank you."

"As you're not so mobile," he continued, lifting the shopping bag, "and your sister will be here this evening, we might as well have dinner together now."

I blinked. He still wanted to have dinner? "Um...all right. But before we start that, could you put the roses in a vase? I don't think I can manage it like this."

"Of course." He raised an eyebrow. "And the vase would be...?"

"Oh, shit. I don't have one." I thought for a moment. "But I do have a jug in the cupboard furthest from the door."

Alex retrieved the jug and filled it with water, then plunked the flowers in. "Where do you want them?"

"Right next to me."

He put them on the counter. "You should really be sitting down."

"I know, but I can't. We need to talk."

"Yes." His expression hardened, and he finally stopped moving. "We do."

We stared at each other. The heating hummed to life, steady and soothing. My heartbeat slowed with it, a barrier of acceptance closing over me. It came with dull pain, but I was used to it: used to closing down when I looked at bodies; used to closing down back at school when people had taunted me; used to closing down after my father had lost working legs and I'd lost my uncle.

I would take the pain of losing Alex and simply bury it, because I couldn't cope with it any other way.

"You told me we can't have it all," he said slowly.

I nodded. "So this is it."

"I don't know. I nearly lost you again today, Amber. And now I don't want to let you go."

again "But if we do the Trials, we're certain to fail. Everyone fails."

"One couple passed. You don't know whether the rest of them were good at their jobs or not. We are."

I blew out a sigh. "No, I don't know. I don't know anything. We were risking prison from the start -- but maybe I was cocky. I was confident we'd get away with it. Now..."

was "Now we can find a way to make this relationship legal." Alex spread his hands. "Amber, I know I haven't been in Socrico very long, but we'd already agreed that what we have was enough to risk getting caught. Some people believe in love at first sight. Maybe I do, too. What I know for certain is that I've never experienced anything with anyone that feels the way it does when I'm with you." He held my gaze. "I choose you, Amber. I choose the Trials."

I stared at him.

He wanted this. He wanted to risk it all again for me.

He leaned against the opposite counter. "It's your call now."

I closed my eyes, my heart suddenly hammering back into action. God, what was I supposed to do?

Jasper's gunshot was still ringing in my ears with the roar of my blood, and I could still see Alex's face as he fell. The surprise, the defiance, the hint of fear. And I couldn't shake my own terror.

"Alex!"

"Alex!" Flying down the steps, bones snapping; panic crashing over me as I looked back up at the top of the staircase. No one was there.

Flying down the steps, bones snapping; panic crashing over me as I looked back up at the top of the staircase. No one was there. "Alex! Oh, God, no..."

"Alex! Oh, God, no..." "Amber."

I opened my eyes.

He'd come back to me, his head bent close. Not wanting to pressure me with his words, but asking with his touch as he ran his hands through my hair. His fingertips were light against my scalp, soothing.

Relief rushing through me when I saw him, alive.

Relief rushing through me when I saw him, alive. "Yes," I said.

He pulled back. "Yes?"

"I was the one to start this. I needed you on New Year's Eve, and I still need you now." I balanced on one crutch and took his hand. "Alex, I know it's soon...but I think I love you."

"I think I love you, too." He cupped my cheek. "I believe in us. The Trials will be a challenge, but we can face them."

I released a shaky breath. "We can?"

"We can." He brought his lips down on mine. "We can do anything together."

He kissed me hard. I melted under his touch, my good hand pulling free of his so that it could rest on his neck. He tasted like Alex , familiar and right, and yet still so exciting.

Alex Gratitude filled me with warmth. We were both alive, and we'd chosen to stay together. I knew now that this wasn't a temporary connection. It was striking us to the core; holding us together with a grip of iron. It was love.

was Eventually, Alex pulled away, his hands on my waist. "Before we go any further: I'm still happy to have our Valentine's meal now instead of later. But if we're doing the Trials, we might as well follow our original plan and spend the night together."

I smiled. "I'll have to tell Cassia not to come and let her in on the secret, but I know she'll keep it until we apply. However, there's still one problem."

"What?"

I glanced at my ankle. "I don't think our original plan is going to extend to our night-time activities."

Alex lowered his mouth to mine again. "Really? I thought your cast was just another challenge..."

END OF PART II

END OF PART II

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





PART III


21 August 2184

21 August 2184 21 August 2184 Cool metal between his fingers. Warm vapour wrapping up his lungs.

Paris Abel removed the vape from his lips and exhaled slowly, a white cloud unfurling in the darkness. He flexed his bloodied knuckles and glanced at the man on the other side of the street.

He'd been standing under the lamp for five minutes now, his arrival an announcement and a warning. He kept his head lowered, but Paris could see that he was tall. Broad-shouldered. Had a few decades on him. He'd pack a punch, if that was what he was looking for.

Paris dragged on his vape again as anger threatened to flare. Had she snitched? She'd always sworn she'd never.

Boots clattered over the metal platforms far above them, and cans popped as under-aged boys opened beers. A tram screeched to a stop a few streets away.

The darkness around them remained smoky and empty.

Paris turned off his vape and moved away from the wall. "What d'you want?"

The man raised his head. He bore no cowboy scars or chilling grin, but Paris' muscles froze all the same. Him!

Him! The man rolled up his sleeves.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 34


2 June 2186

2 June 2186 2 June 2186 "Can you tell me your name, please?"

"Jude Bray."

"Your Xplora profile number?"

The tram's last passenger scratched the back of his neck. "I don't remember, sorry. And I can't check. My tabphone's in my dorm room."

He was a student, then. I'd thought so as soon as he'd stepped off the tram wreck. He looked about eighteen or nineteen, although he channelled mature sophistication in a cashmere jumper and tailored trousers, plus oodles of natural charm.

"Which university are you at?" I asked.

Some of the charm was spoiled by the smug smile that crossed his face. "Socrico University."

The most prestigious in the city. "Will you be going home for the weekend?"

"No, I stay on campus."

"Then I'll let you off. Some officers will find you there on Saturday and take your statement, but if you send your profile number to us when you get back, we can arrange a different time to suit you."

"I'll send it," he said. "But this weekend's fine. Can I go now?"

"Yes."

He strolled across the crime scene towards the rest of the world on the other side of the electro-tape. Over there, with their backs to the city's dark skyscrapers, journalists and the morbidly curious raised their tabphones to film the aftermath of the tram hijacking.

On our side of the electro-tape, a paramedic van was parked at an awkward angle with both doors thrown open and the lights flashing. Paramedics in green scrubs tended to the passengers we'd just removed, treating minor scrapes. There was only one covered body being loaded up, and it belonged to the man who'd caused this.

our The tram itself was tilting precariously to one side in front of me. Spindly cracks stretched across the windscreen like a spider's web, and smoke hung in the air from harsh braking.

Alex approached from further down the wreckage, having just finished gathering more witness details. At this time of year, he was without his dark coat, so he tucked his tabphone into his suit jacket as he stopped beside me. "I wasn't expecting my day to start like that."

I watched him carefully. No major injuries had resulted from the tram hijacking or the crash, but a lot of university students had been on board. I knew that when it came to young lives, even the what ifs sometimes troubled him. But he met my gaze evenly.

what ifs With all of England caught up in a frenzy over the news that another couple was entering the Trials, our relationship had been public knowledge for almost five months. It meant he'd come to my flat the previous night without sneaking around, and I'd been looking forward to repeating our activities this morning. Unfortunately, the madman who'd taken control of the tram and then killed himself had scuppered our plans.

My earpiece buzzed. I tapped it twice with a scowl, dragging my eyes away from Alex. Our chief superintendent, Ky Dixon, was somewhere in this chaotic crime scene, which meant that my caller was probably a PRB. My communication skills with them were not improving, despite my sergeant's recent coaching. "Rames speaking."

"Hi, Ambie. This is Cassia."

I breathed a sigh of relief. Cassia was my older sister -- and, most importantly right now, a fellow human.

"I'm standing next to a stabbing victim in Socrico University," she continued. "Are you almost done with the tram hijacking?"

I mentally waved goodbye to the possibility of ever having coffee or breakfast. "Yeah. Sebastian's leading the inquiry."



"Okay, great. I suppose you'll have to go to the station first to speak with Sten, but when you get here, you'll find us in the research labs at the rear of the campus."

"Right." I lifted my hand to end the call. A second before I tapped my earpiece, her words finally registered. "Oh, shit, you're right!"

Not long after Alex and I had decided to enter the Trials, we'd met Doctor Sten Grey, the man who oversaw them. He'd explained to us that as our speciality was homicide, our Trial would take place during a murder inquiry. Ordinarily, it would have been the next murder inquiry, but I'd been recovering from a broken ankle.

next "You're going to be fine," Cassia said. "This is just like every other investigation you've led."

"Except I'll be observed by someone who holds my future in his hands."

"Everyone's always observing you. Clyde tracks your movements like a hound when you're working, and the rest of Socrico's journalists are never too far behind him."

I smiled faintly, but my stomach was knotting again. "True."

"Stop thinking about it. Just go and get ready so that you'll arrive before the victim decomposes on his office floor." She ended the call.

"Thanks a lot," I muttered.

"Murder?" Alex asked.

"Yes. We need to --" I turned on my heel and almost walked into the person behind us. "Oh! Sorry, sir."

Detective Chief Superintendent Ky Dixon folded his burly arms across his chest. "Are you two planning on standing around all morning?"

I blinked. "Sir --"

"I heard about the murder. Doctor Grey is on his way to the station, so I think we'd better go and meet him."

***

The three of us were escorted from the crime scene by PRBs. Their sleek black bodies and the rifles slung across their torsos created an unmistakably authoritative image, and the journalists parted before us. By the time they realised Amber Rames and Alex O'Sullivan were among the escort, we were out of the crowd.

Life on the streets further away from the tram crash was business as usual. Shops were starting to open their doors and switch on their buzzing neon signs. Students were walking to school and university, and high heels clacked against the road as shoppers steered clear of the tram tracks. Commuters were queueing all around for caffeine, and there was a hint of fresh coffee in the air whichever way we turned. The most notorious shop for a morning hit, Coffee Glitch, already had a line spilling out of the doors when we reached the high street. I looked away. Ever since I'd almost been poisoned there, I'd stopped visiting.

We turned down the road that housed our police station, the black building shining like a fat beetle under the lights in the concrete sky. Dixon used the facial recognition scanner, and the electric door lifted into the air. I curbed my usual desire to duck under it before it was stationary.

Once it had stopped moving, we followed Dixon through the touchglass partition and the city of cubes to his office. Long before we arrived at the door, I saw who was waiting inside for us. Sten.

Doctor Sten Grey was in his late fifties, his hair silver and his face wrinkled. Bushy brows sat above laughing, brown eyes that clashed with lips kept straight and stern. He was wearing a white lab coat, and it made me break out in a cold sweat.

He stood up as we entered the office, his mouth moulding into a controlled smile. "Good morning."

Two national profiles were displayed on the glass behind him, and my throat closed up. On the first, a younger version of myself stared into the camera with hard eyes, my hair cut to my jawline. On the second, Alex looked equally as grim but devastatingly sexy.

My knees turned weak. This was far, far too real.

"Have a seat," Sten said. "I'll run through the rules for you one last time and explain how your new equipment works. I'm aware you have a crime scene waiting for you, so I'll try to be quick."

Two chairs had been pulled up to our side of the desk. I lowered myself into one. Alex settled next to me, stretching out his long legs so that his knee brushed against mine, steady and reassuring. Dixon stood off to the side, watching.

Sten sat down in my governor's chair and waved his hand over the equipment littered in front of him: two metal bracelets, two small tins, two boxes of contact lenses, and two lavalier microphones. "Welcome to the Trials, your opportunity to escape punishment for your superior-subordinate relationship and secure a future together. Due to the nature of your professions, you will be judged on the success of your next murder inquiry. Your efficiency in the investigation, your reactions to the situations you face, and your interactions with each other will all contribute to your outcome. Just solving the case alone is not enough; but equally, if it turns cold, you will automatically fail the process.

"The success rate is twenty percent. If you pass, you will receive a government blessing and your relationship will become legal. You will then have to marry within a year. But if you fail, you will be charged and sentenced for the crime of conducting a sexual or romantic relationship with your subordinate or superior. Do you understand?"

I locked eyes with Alex and found my voice. "Yes."

"Excellent," Sten said. "I'm going to give you four things in order to monitor you during your inquiry. You must wear them at all times during your working day and return them whenever you are no longer pursuing the investigation." He picked up a metal bracelet. "These devices will monitor your heart rates and your blood pressure, and these tins contain electrodes to monitor your brain activity. This is in the interest of gaining objective indicators of your feelings towards each other and your situation. You will also need to wear microphones under your clothing, and video-recording contact lenses in your eyes. Inspector Rames, do you have your glasses?"

He'd explained these devices in lesser detail when we'd first met him, and I'd taken to carrying my glasses around ever since in preparation. "Yes. They're in my bag."

"Excellent. Once you're equipped, you'll be free to begin your investigation."

"Good luck," Dixon added gruffly.

Sten handed me a bracelet, and I looked at it reproachfully. All my life, electronics and I had rubbed the wrong way.

Now my fate was dependent on it.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 35


We arrived at Socrico University a while later in our new gear. Knowing that everything we said, heard, and observed would go straight to Sten was unnerving, and we entered the open grounds in silence.

Passing under the arch of the decorative gatehouse, we entered a gravel courtyard the size of a surface football pitch. Old, regal sandstone buildings clustered around it, narrow archways leading to the rest of the campus behind this impressive front. The buildings towered over us in a sweeping U-shape like a palace, complete with spires and mini battlement-style finishes against the grey-tiled roofs. Real flowers had been potted carefully in baskets, and they swung gently in a brief but welcome breeze.

The campus was quiet, those who were awake already in their lectures. I led Alex through an archway and down a random path, praying I would soon see something that was obviously a research laboratory.

"There's a PRB over there," he said when we were almost at the end of the gravel.

I pushed my glasses further up my nose and looked to the side. A black robot with a rifle was standing at the entrance to a fork in the path. "Oh, good. You can do the talking."

We approached the PRB. Alex flashed his warrant card. "Police. Take us to the crime scene."

If I'd asked it the same question, it probably would have taken me to the moon.

The PRB led us down the path. For a while, it seemed to be taking us away from the rest of the campus towards nothing at all, until the ugliest building I'd ever seen came into view.

It looked like something that had landed in an ashtray. We didn't have many concrete structures in the city, but this was one of them, and its discolouration over time had only made its appearance worse. It had the same ungainly structure as a twenty-first century block of scraggly offices, only much squatter. The enormous sign hanging over its doorway marked it clearly as our destination. Socrico University Research.

Socrico University Research. Alex looked at me as we approached the automatic doors. "Ready?"

For the investigation of my lifetime? Not at all.

***

When we were wearing our forensic suits, we passed through a huddle of scientists standing outside a room marked as Lab S. Inside, only one civilian remained among the rows of white tables. She was standing at the far end, beside an office closed off with electro-tape. Young and pale, she alternated between chewing her thumbnail and glancing inside the crime scene.

We left the PRB and strolled across the room towards her. I dug out my warrant card. "Excuse me, ma'am. Would you like to --"

Her eyebrows, drawn on so that they were as thick as slugs at one end and thin as a pinprick at the other, shot upwards. "Oh, they said -- they said you'd want to talk to me and I should, like, wait here? Those robots?"

I exchanged a glance with Alex. "You found the victim?"

"Lonn," she amended. "I was the first one here. I just -- I knocked on the door to his office, just to say good morning, like, he's usually here before everyone else, and I always say good morning, so --"

"We'll need to have a look around first," I said firmly. "Then we'll come back out and talk to you."

She nodded fervently, golden earrings swinging. "Okay. Can I wait just here?"

"Sure." I ducked under the electro-tape.

The office was small and full to bursting. A desk stood in the middle of the room, covered in notebooks, scraps of paper, and chemical stains. A shelf of old-fashioned lever arch folders stood up the far corner, but the rest of the wall space was filled with cluttered lab tables. One had been upturned, tipping glass beakers and hundreds of papers onto the floor.



Lonn was lying at the far end of the room, sprawled in a pool of blood. I approached him.

He was middle-aged but wearing it well, in a way some women might have found attractive. His body was slim, his skin tanned, and his face handsome -- although a little twisted in death. His hair had already turned silver, but he'd kept it short at the sides and slightly longer on top in what probably had been a nice, slicked-back style before he'd fought for his life. He'd been stabbed several times in the chest.

Cassia was standing next to him with her robot assistant, the top half of her forensic suit undone and tied around her waist. Her platinum blonde hair was scraped away from her face, drawing attention to the dark circles that viciously underlined her brazen, blue eyes.

"Good morning," she said, straight-lipped. "You're late. But not as late as the victim."

I sighed. "It's far too early for morbid jokes."

She turned to the body. "The girl outside told me this is Lonn Temple, head researcher of this lab. He's been dead for roughly thirteen to fourteen hours, so that puts the time of death between seven and nine yesterday evening. He's been stabbed six times in the chest. Looks like the blade hit the descending aorta, which is probably the wound that killed him."

"Okay," I said. "Anything else?"

"Even if you ignore the mess in here, it's fairly obvious that there was a struggle because he has defence wounds across his palms. And I can't think of anything else important...except your murder weapon is sitting on that table." She broke into a grin and pointed at a lab table on the other side of the room. "One bloody scalpel. We've bagged it for DNA testing, but I thought you'd want to see it."

"You're a star." I smiled back at her. "If we can get the results quickly, we might actually have been given a stroke of luck. If we have prints..."

Alex crossed the room in a few long strides and looked at the weapon Cassia had pointed to. "The odds of us getting a whole fingerprint is low. Even for a scalpel, this thing is small."

"Spoilsport." I felt myself starting to relax. "Can I have a look?"

Before he could pick the murder weapon up, voices rose next door. A PRB moaned a monotone warning, and the girl who'd found Lonn exclaimed, "No, Nora!" just as another woman appeared in the doorway.

She stared across the electro-tape at the crime scene. Her eyes settled on the body of Lonn Temple...then rolled to the back of her head as she fainted.

***

We took Nora to a sofa in the ground floor lobby. There she lay, pale and listless, while Alex fetched a glass of water from the staff cafeteria.

She had a delicate face that made me think of a pixie: small mouth and nose, high cheekbones, and almost-pointed ears behind which her short hair was tucked. There was something fragile about her, although she looked as if she was at least a decade older than the woman who'd found Lonn.

That woman had followed us out of the lab and was now standing beside me, refusing to go back upstairs. I'd managed to drag a name out of her -- Riannon Sotello -- but she was much more interested in explaining who Nora was. It made me glad that I hadn't handed Nora off to a constable, because she seemed to hold some importance. She and Riannon had acted as assistants to Lonn, and she in particular had been a close friend of his.

That She woke up a minute after Riannon had finished talking. As soon as her eyes were open, Riannon shot her a malicious look. I opted for a more neutral gaze. "Are you all right?"

She struggled to push herself upright on the sofa, her eyes cloudy. "What happened?"

"You fainted," I said gently. "In the lab."



Dress shoes clicked down the lobby, and I looked over my shoulder to see Alex arriving with a glass of water. He passed the glass to our patient. Her hands trembled as she took it, and the water sloshed over the rim. "Thank you."

I gave her a moment to sip the water and regain some composure. When Alex had taken the glass back, I said, "You're Nora Fitzroy?"

"Yes." Her eyes were clearer now, and she looked at me keenly. "I recognise you."

That made me determined to skip my own introduction. "You were a close friend of Lonn's?"

Her face crumpled. "A family friend. I sometimes have dinner with him, and Janet and Frankie..." Her voice cracked, and she pressed a hand against her forehead. "I can't believe it. Someone will have to tell them..."

Something clattered down the staircase behind us, and I turned around. Detective Constable Emily Laney reached the bottom, passing a handful of scientists toing and froing from the canteen before stopping in front of us. "Do you want me to keep an eye on her, ma'am?"

"Yes, please." I turned back to Nora. "You should stay sitting down for a while until you feel better. I'll be in touch to ask more questions later."

"Thank you." Nora frowned. "You're Amber Rames, aren't you? The one in the news."

I smiled wryly and turned away. "For my sins."

Alex fell into step with me as I crossed to the staircase, raising a teasing eyebrow. "Am I that bad?"

"No. It's the Trials. We have a lot riding on this."

Riannon appeared on my other side a moment later, her earrings swinging madly. "You didn't forget about me? I thought you wanted to, like, talk to me."

She sprang up the stairs. Alex extended his stride, leaving me to lag behind. I felt like I was in a race.

"Do you know if there's CCTV in this building?" I asked.

"I think there's some outside, but not in the labs."

Great. "Are there any other security measures?"

Great. "The labs are usually locked if no one's here, but once someone is, the doors remain open."

"So anyone could have entered Lonn's office after he did?"

"Yes."

"What time did you come in this morning?" Alex asked.

"Half eight."

We reached the top of the stairs. I finally fell into step with them. "Was anyone around when you found Lonn?"

"What, like, someone with murderer stamped on their forehead?" She laughed breathlessly, but the sound was forced.

murderer "Anyone."

"No. It was just like I told you. I came in and swiped my card to clock in, and then I went to Lonn's office to say hello. I knocked and there was no answer, so I opened the door because I thought maybe he was just concentrating so hard he hadn't heard me, and he was lying there with blood everywhere. I started screaming, how awful is that? I wasn't the one who should have been..." She caught her breath, her eyes suddenly filling.

I "I went in a bit further and looked at him to check he wasn't alive, and then I called nine nine nine. I didn't actually check his pulse -- I feel really bad -- but there was so much blood that I instinctively thought he was dead, and it never even crossed my mind to check because, like, how could he have been alive when he looked like that? It was so awful, like I'd walked into a serial killer horror film."



"I'm sorry you had to see it," I said. "We'll be taking formal statements from everyone who works in Lab S, but do you have any idea of what time everyone left last night?"

She shrugged. "I was the first to go, sorry. Lonn didn't seem like he needed anything. Sometimes he stays late, but he wasn't supposed to be staying late yesterday."

"What time did you leave?"

"Five on the dot."

"You were in a hurry?" Alex said.

Her voice hardened. "Who isn't when the hour hand gets to five?"

We stopped by the entrance to the lab, and I glanced at the cluster of people inside. "Riannon, Lonn was killed between seven and nine last night. If he'd given you the impression he wasn't staying late, why do you think he was still here?"

"Oh, it wasn't just an impression. Every Thursday, he went home on time to have dinner with his wife, and his niece, Frankie. She's a student here at the university. Her mother died last summer and left her as an orphan, but Lonn and Janet have been looking after her when she's not living on campus." Riannon's voice faltered. "I suppose it will just be Janet now. That's so sad. It's not, like, really sinking in. I keep thinking it can't have been Lonn, it must have been someone else I saw..."

"I understand this is difficult for you," I said. "There's just one more thing I have to ask -- to follow protocol. Where were you last night?"

"At home," Riannon said.

"All night?" Alex asked.

"Yes. Yes, I was watching something on Xplora Films. Underground Angel ."

Underground Angel "Okay." I moved towards the doorway. "Thank you. Has someone taken your Xplora details?"

She nodded fiercely, her earrings swinging. "Yeah."

"Good. You can stay out here now."

Riannon stood aside. We passed through the lab again and ducked under the electro-tape.

"Sorry about that, Cassia," I said as I straightened up.

The body was gone now, but she was amusing herself at the desk in the centre of the room. She looked up with bright eyes. "It's okay. The victim's work was very interesting."

While Alex went to the lab tables, I joined my sister and squinted at the papers she was holding. "That looks like an alien language."

"Also known as chemical equations," she said. "I think Lab S was researching a cure for fatal familial insomnia."

I racked my brain. "That's the genetically inherited version of the rare prion disease that causes terminal insomnia."

Alex looked over his shoulder. "Did Cassia teach you that?"

I scowled. "Why is that your assumption whenever I say something clever?"

He raised his eyebrows.

"Fine, she did," I said. "Pass me the scalpel. Have you found anything useful over there?"

Alex picked up the bagged murder weapon, but he stayed where he was. "Yes. Come and look at this."

Squashing down my annoyance, I trooped across the small room to the shelves he was staring at. He passed me the scalpel without looking, keeping his gaze on the folders. "One of these is missing."

I blocked him out, examining the thick layer of blood over the blade instead. "Do we know for definite that this came from in here?"

"Yes," Cassia said. "There's one scalpel missing from the drawer to your left."

Alex was still patiently staring at the folders, so I finally put the scalpel down and followed his gaze. They were arranged in rainbow order, tucked up against each another tightly and leaving one folder-sized gap in the middle of the formation. Three red, three yellow, three green, two blue, three purple, three black.

"The last one might be in the main lab," I said. "Tell the PRBs to search for it. In the meantime, I'll find Janet Temple's address."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 36


"We're very sorry, Mrs Temple," I said a while later as we sat down in the living room of a flat on Flicker Street. A fluffy blue rug lay beneath my boots, and heavily-scented yellow flowers were arranged on the windowsill behind Janet Temple. Artificial light was streaming through the pane, casting a visual sense of cheer over the tangible gloom that had descended.

Janet had offered us tea, but she'd clearly not wanted to make it and so we'd both declined. Now I was thankful, because I didn't know where under earth we would have put our mugs down. The centrepiece on the coffee table was a sewing box, and around it lay swathes of fabric, lengths of ribbon, odd buttons, and paper patterns. It looked like several sewing projects were taking place at once, clamouring for Janet's attention.

Right now, her attention was on us. She was a housewife, and dressed luxuriously for it, in a designer dress with a heavy diamond around her neck. She'd twisted her fiery locks into a bun, leaving a large nose and red-rimmed eyes unobscured. The news had been broken to her before Alex and I had arrived, but the shock wave was a long way from dissipating.

Her lips trembled as she spoke. "You...you said you wanted to ask some questions?"

"Yes, just a few. When did you last see your husband?"

She clasped her hands over her kneecaps and swallowed. "Yesterday evening. He came in straight after work. Frankie, his niece, was already here. They talked about their day while I cooked dinner. We sat down and ate not long after that. It was just like every other Thursday evening."

"What did you do after you'd eaten?"

"We all sat in here for a while, talking." She bit her lip. "Then he went to meet some drinking pals at The Black Horse. That was at seven."

"Did he go to The Black Horse often?" Alex asked.

"No, no, just every once in a while. And I never went with him. I don't even know who he met there."

I leaned forward. "Did you have any idea that he was planning to go back to his lab at the university?"

"No. Sometimes he stays late at work, but he always comes home on time every Thursday to see Frankie. And he never goes back once he's come home. I don't know what he was thinking."

"Did you hear anything from him after he left the flat last night?"

"No."

"Did you try to contact him?"

"No." Her eyes filled. "I didn't even know he was missing until I woke up this morning. I went to bed very early last night. I had a terrible headache."

"What time was that?"

"Oh...something like eight o'clock."

Alex crossed one leg over the other and looked at her carefully. "Did Lonn ever bring his work home, Mrs Temple?"

She frowned. "No, I don't think so. Why?"

"We're trying to locate a missing folder from his office."

The doorbell buzzed and cut across our questioning in a robotic monotone. "Janet, Frankie is at the door. May she come in?"

"Yes," Janet said softly. "Oh, Frankie..."

Half a minute later, a dark-haired teenager burst into the room. She flew straight to her aunt. "Janet? Is it true?"

Janet's face crumpled. "I was going to call you. How did you find out?"

"It's all over Xplora."

I sighed. I would bet my cat that the first person to write about it had been Clyde Edwards.



Janet turned back towards us. "This is Inspector Rames and Sergeant O'Sullivan. They were just asking me a few questions." Her voice thickened, and she paused to regain control. "This is Frankie Jarsdel, Lonn's niece. She's taking a biochemistry degree at Socrico University. It's her first year."

"I'm sorry for your loss, Frankie," I said. "Do you mind if we ask you a couple of questions? Then we'll get out of your way."

She dropped onto the sofa beside her aunt and examined us from under fake eyelashes, her gaze hard. Eventually, she knotted her hands in her lap. "Okay."

"Did you eat dinner here with your aunt and uncle last night?"

"Yes." Her voice was clear and careful. "I always come for dinner on a Thursday. Then I go back to campus."

"How did your uncle seem to you?"

She shrugged. "Fine. Normal."

"Did he leave before you?"

"Yes. I followed about five minutes later and went back to my dorm to study."

"I don't suppose you happened to see where he went?"

"No. I didn't see him again after he left." She glanced at her aunt. "But he was...they said he was found in the research building."

"Yes," I said. "We're trying to work out if he'd been anywhere else before he went to his office -- and why he was there. Can you think of any reason why he would have gone back?"

"No. He never talked about work to me."

I looked between her and Janet. "Can either of you think of anyone who might have wanted to hurt him?"

Both shook their heads without even exchanging a glance.

Disappointment settled on my shoulders, and the microphone fastened under my clothes felt heavy. "Okay, thank you. That's everything for now. If you think of anything else, you can contact us on Xplora."

"I'll show you out," Janet said.

We followed her out of the living room, leaving Frankie behind. The hallway was cluttered with bags stuffed full of children's clothes, and I nearly fell over one as we reached the front door.

"I'm sorry about the mess," Janet said. "Making clothes is a hobby of mine. I've been meaning to take this stuff down to the charity shops."

"You make them just to be donated?" I glanced at a red silk top sticking out a bag. Janet was talented: it looked as good as anything you could buy in a high street store.

"Yes." She smiled faintly. "I used to work as a primary school teaching assistant before I met Lonn, but I gave it up when we married. He was bringing in enough money for the two of us, and I was expecting to be a full-time mother. It never happened...but I still managed to get into the hobby of making little clothes." Her smile turned tight. "So I give them to charity."

"That's very thoughtful." I followed Alex outside and turned to face her. "Remember to contact us if you think of anything."

"I will. Goodbye." She shut the door.

We strolled down the hallway towards the lift. Alex glanced at me. "It seems like we should be making enquiries at The Black Horse."

"Yeah. We'll go there next." We reached the lift, and I called it. "I feel sorry for Frankie. She lost her mother last summer, and now her uncle..."

Another look at Alex and I realised that he'd already thought about it. His gaze momentarily shuttered, and he glanced away.

I reached for him, but my earpiece buzzed. I ended up tapping that instead. " Fuck's sake... Rames speaking."

Fuck's sake...

"Ma'am, this is Laney. The PRBs can't find the missing folder in Lab S...but Riannon Sotello told me it was definitely in the victim's office yesterday."

definitely ***

The Black Horse lay halfway between Janet's flat and Socrico University, on the ground floor of a small-business skyscraper. We walked there quietly, thinking about the missing folder that had undoubtedly been taken by the murderer.

Alex opened the pub's door for me, and I lead the way inside. It was a dark establishment fitted with brown leather booths and a sticky, thin carpet in the same shade. The tables spread out around us were almost empty, and the barman was drying glasses.

We approached him, and I held up my warrant card. "Inspector Rames and Sergeant O'Sullivan, Socrico Police. We're making enquiries into the murder of Lonn Temple."

The bartender paled and set down his glass. "Lonn's dead?"

"Yes, sir, I'm afraid so." I tucked my warrant card back in my jeans pocket.

"How?"

"He was stabbed in the research building at Socrico University last night. We've been told he sometimes came to drink here."

"Sometimes? He used to come every bloody night until recently! One of my regulars, Lonn was."

"What happened?"

The bartender shrugged. "He started skipping some nights about a year back; only came in three times a week. I thought the missus was getting stricter with him. But in the past few months, he's hardly been here at all. It was strange. Lonn couldn't get through the day without a stiff drink."

I exchanged a puzzled look with Alex. That was hardly the impression Janet had given us.

"He told his wife he was coming here last night," Alex said. "He left their flat at seven. Were you working then?"

"I was. He didn't come in."

"What time did you finish?"

"Midnight."

Lonn had been dead by then.

"When did you last see him, then?" I asked.

The bartender paused to think. "He came in for a quickie on Monday night, early evening. Left just ten minutes later. That was unusual for him, but I can't tell you more than that. He wasn't much for conversation when he was drinking. All I really know about him is that he was a researcher at the grand university."

I glanced around the pub. "What about his drinking pals? Do you know the names of any?"

The bartender gave me an odd look. "You really don't know much about Lonn, do you?"

I took a deep breath and counted to five in my head. Ten was too high for my impatience. "No, sir. That's what we're here to find out."

"Lonn didn't have drinking pals. He'd come in and get pissed on his own. He'd stand at the bar right here." The bartender rapped the counter between us with his knuckles. "He'd get drunk as a skunk until I had to kick him out at closing time."

"Did he ever get into trouble?"

"You mean with the blokes around him?" The bartender looked thoughtful. "Nah, I don't think he ever did. Never set an eye on anyone else's missus or anything. Just stood here drinking and watching the footie." He turned around and pointed to the TV mounted on the wall behind him, which was displaying old clips of a football match in a dark stadium.

"And he was always on his own?" I said. "He never brought a woman with him?"

always The bartender shrugged. "No, never. I knew he had a wife, but I always assumed they didn't get on. When a bloke spends that many nights a week in the pub, things clearly ain't right at home."



I nodded slowly, turning that over in my mind. "Thanks. If you think of anything else, you can contact us on Xplora."

We left the pub. The day was brighter now, and the streets were quieter. I stepped wide around a crisp packet fluttering in the road. "Now we have more questions than answers. Why did Lonn stop going to the pub every night? Did he have to stay late at work more? And why did he tell Janet he was going to the pub last night and then never show up? We need to look at his tabphone. Perhaps something happened after he left the flat to draw him to the lab instead..."

Suddenly realising that I was talking as much as Riannon Sotello, I drew a breath and looked at my sergeant. He was staring ahead.

"You're quiet," I said. "Are you okay?"

He flinched like I'd startled him. "Sorry. Headache."

"Want to make a detour to Ace's? We can get some painkillers."

"Okay." He smiled faintly. "You do remember that you still owe me a lot of them?"

lot I blushed. When I'd first broken my ankle, I'd always taken painkillers in the morning but forgotten to carry any with me for the afternoon. Alex had soon learned to bring boxes of them to work. I'd probably cost him a small fortune.

***

"What the fuck?" I exclaimed fifteen minutes later, tapping the touchglass cabinet inside Ace's. "I just told it --"

told Beside me, Alex laughed. "I taught you how to do this on the day we met."

I went through the process again. Then I stared hopefully at the little box of painkillers floating in the middle of the glass container. They were labelled as number eight. So when I typed eight, why weren't they moving?

"Read the instructions," Alex suggested. "Type in the number by the box, then the number of the row."

" I am! " I dragged my hands through my hair. "Watch me. I am."

I am! I tried for the third time. He grinned immediately. "No, you're doing it the wrong way around. Let me."

He nudged me out of the way and performed the procedure himself. An eye-scanner appeared in the glass and took the payment from him. The container spat out a packet of painkillers.

I sighed. "I didn't manage to pay you back."

"You can pay me back a different way. Cook for me tonight."

"I do that so much already, but..." I smiled. "Deal."

We left Ace's and walked in the direction of the police station. The day was warming up, and the little road was busier than usual as commuters on work breaks nipped out to buy a snack. An eager man bumped shoulders with me as he hurried towards Ace's entrance.

"Inspector Rames!" someone called.

I looked over my shoulder.

A woman was walking up the road towards us with her tabphone raised. "Inspector, does the murder at Socrico University mean you've started the Trials?"

I turned away and extended my stride. Alex kept up with me.

"Sergeant O'Sullivan, do you regret having a fling with your superior?"

I risked another glance over my shoulder. The woman was attracting attention -- she'd been joined by a young man who was also holding up his tabphone.

"Walk faster." Alex grabbed my hand.

I awkwardly half ran, half walked at his side. "I can't walk this fast."

"You're going to have to." He looked over his shoulder for himself. "She's drawing a crowd."

More voices joined the first. "How do you feel about attempting the Trials?"

"Can you confirm that the name of the deceased is Lonn Temple?"

"Are you confident that you'll be able to close this case?"

Alex tightened his grip on me. "This is going to get out of hand."

We passed the bottom of a metal staircase leading to the higher walkways. I spun around and pulled him up it. "Then let's throw them off."

Alex's response was to burst into a run, taking them two at a time.

I stumbled after him. "Hey, wait!"

He didn't. I upped my pace to a sprint as we reached the top of the steps. We dashed across a metal landing, past the back door of a shop where a woman with a shaved head was smoking a vape. She gawped at us, and then we were gone.

We neared the next set of stairs, and Alex veered towards them. "You said we had to throw the journalists off."

"You're just making fun of me! I can't run this fast."

We reached the top of the stairs, almost colliding with a huddle of young mothers and pushchairs. My ankle, still weak, throbbed in a gentle protest as Alex drew me in the rough direction of the police station. But when we ran between a teenage couple who'd been about to kiss, I couldn't help laughing.

"Now you're just being rude, Alex. You -- ah!" Sharper pain flared in my ankle. "I have to stop."

He slowed to a walk. When I drew alongside him, he was frowning. "Sorry. Are you okay?"

"Yeah," I said between deep breaths. "It was just a warning pain."

We neared a gap between two skyscrapers that looked like an alleyway on a diet. A thin strip of metal ran down it, and Alex pulled me into the shadows. "Let's rest here for a minute."

"There isn't a mob charging after us now. I don't think we need to be quite so discreet."

He stopped and leaned against the wall, tugging me towards him. "I do."

I looked into eyes as dark as the shadows thrown across his skin, and a flicker of desire ran through me. It fought with the gentle throbbing in my ankle. I shifted my weight, trying to balance on the good one, but I misjudged it and fell into his chest.

His hands fastened around my biceps, steadying me. My heart tripped over its beats. I rose on my tiptoes --

And my glasses bumped against his face.

My feet smacked down on the steel, and I felt my cheeks burn. "Our video-recording contacts..."

Alex pushed my glasses onto my head and covered my eyes. His free hand dropped to the small of my back, holding me tight against him. Then his lips met mine, and my embarrassment faded. I eased one leg between his so that our thighs were touching, my heart skittering as if it was the very first time we'd touched. Alex moaned softly.

It was a quiet sound, but it made me think of the microphones taped to our skin. He pulled back and uncovered my eyes.

We stayed still and silent for a long moment. It was when I noticed how pale he was that I found my voice. "Let's go."

I took his hand, and we emerged from the alley. As we stepped out, the hairs on the back of my neck rose. I glanced to the side.

Clyde was a way down the other end of the landing, weaving around two grinders coming out of a tattoo parlour.

Alex followed my gaze, and his eyes darkened. "We'd better up the pace again."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 37


We arrived at the police station unscathed and immediately parted ways. Alex went to the cafeteria to fetch a drink so that he could take his painkillers, and I went to Dixon's office.

He saw me coming through the glass and nodded at me, so I didn't bother knocking before I pushed the door open. Thankfully, Sten was no longer in there.

"Amber," Dixon said as I closed the door. "Update me on your progress. The deceased is Lonn Temple, head researcher of Lab S at Socrico University Research?"

"Yes, sir. We've spoken with his wife, Janet Temple, and his niece, Frankie Jarsdel. Both have confirmed that he went home to have dinner with them. Then he left again at seven. That was the last time he was seen alive." I sighed. "We're still working on finding out why he went back to the lab. We're also trying to locate some work that was stolen from his office."

"What work?"

"I don't know, sir." And spelling it out made my spirits sink. My future was riding on a whole lot of nothing.

He nodded, his eyes narrowing. "You're very flushed, Amber."

"We had to run back here. The journalists are like hounds." That was totally the reason. None of my colouring whatsoever was because I'd snogged my sergeant down a dark alleyway. "I actually came to talk about organising a press conference."

"That's already underway." Dixon sat back in his chair. "I'm pulling out all the stops to hold it tonight in the hope that it will make them back off tomorrow."

"What time, sir?"

He shook his head. "You don't need to know, because I don't want you and Alex to be there. I'll handle the media frenzy. You focus on the investigation."

I hesitated. Then I smiled. "Thank you, sir."

Leaving his office, I followed the maze of glass cubes back to my own. I had to pass Sebastian's on my way, and I saw him sitting in there alone. He caught my eye through the glass. I waved. He stood up and came to the door, so I turned around and waited for him.

Before Alex had arrived, Sebastian had been (and probably still was to many) the best-looking man on Socrico's police force. If Alex was tall, dark, and handsome, then Sebastian was tall, fair, and charming. He pulled his door open and lounged on the threshold with a smile. "Amber. I heard you've got a new investigation."

"That's right. Murder at Socrico University."

"So now you've started the Trials." His gaze drifted to the metal bracelet peeking out from the cuff of my button-up blouse. "Sten's fitted you with spyware already?"

"Yes." I smiled faintly. "That's monitoring my heart rate or something. I've also got electrodes picking up my brain signals, a microphone under my shirt, and video-recording contact lenses in my eyes."

Sebastian grinned. "Big Brother is watching us. I'd better go and hide the empty bottles in my office."

I laughed. "You do that. I have to get on with solving this case."

"Good luck."

"Thanks. See you later."

When I finally reached my office, Alex was at his desk with a cup of coffee, a packaged sandwich, and his tabphone. He dragged his eyes away from the screen as I entered. "What did Dixon say?"

"He's holding a press conference about the investigation and our Trial tonight. We can stay well away, which means I can keep my promise to you and cook dinner." I sank into my chair and realised I also had coffee and a sandwich in front of me. "Oh. Thank you."



"You're welcome. The PRBs have already looked at Lonn's tabphone, by the way. There was nothing of interest in his Xplora messages, and the last one he'd replied to was yesterday morning before he went to work. So that's a dead end."

I stared at him. "You mean there was nothing telling him that he needed to go back to the lab?"

nothing "No."

I ripped open my sandwich. "And now you're looking at...?"

"Clocking in and out records for the fatal familial insomnia lab." He looked back at his screen. "One person failed to clock out of Lab S last night."

I dragged my chair to his desk, taking the coffee and sandwich with me. "Who?"

"The older assistant. Nora Fitzroy."

"Call her."

He found Nora's Xplora profile and put a call through while I sipped my coffee and tapped my foot.

The call rang out.

I huffed. "Maybe she's not on her lunch break yet. We'll try again later. It looks bad, but the last thing the murderer would do is remain clocked in -- not when the PRBs found no fingerprints at the scene. They were careful. Let's examine everyone else's profiles while we --"

The office door swung open, and I looked up. Cassia entered with a smile.

"Hi." I smiled carefully back. "What are you doing here?"

"I've finished the post-mortem," she said, "so I've put off writing the report and come over here to sum it up for you. I thought you could do with having answers as fast as possible, considering the Trials."

"Oh, good. I'm all ears."

"Cause of death was as I expected, the stab wound in his descending aorta. But he gave his liver a real bashing, and from what I could smell, I suspect his blood tox will tell us he was drunk when he died."

I looked at Alex. "That tallies with what the bartender said at The Black Horse."

Alex frowned. "To a certain degree. But then he stopped going. And he certainly didn't go last night."

"Maybe he took his custom elsewhere or he started getting smashed at home."

"By the way," Cassia said, "Laney told me there are no prints on the scalpel. It's gone for more testing, but I don't think you'll get any results."

I sighed. "We need something to go on. Do you have any bright ideas about why he went back to work?"

something Cassia smiled and shrugged. "That's for you to work out. Enjoy your lunch."

She left.

"Oh yes, the shit that makes no sense is my job." I picked up my tabphone. "I should have become a pathologist."

my In my peripheral vision, Alex smiled.

I returned my attention to the suspects' profiles. While Alex browsed through Nora Fitzroy's Xplora page, I had a look at the national profile of Lonn's other assistant: Riannon Sotello. She was twenty-six. She'd studied at Socrico University. She lived alone. I yawned and followed the link to her Xplora profile.

And sat up straight.

The most recent post had been at 8:34 p.m. the previous night. It was a photo of a hot pink cocktail sitting on a circular bar. It had no caption or location tag, but I would have known the snatch of background anywhere.

A few more clicks took me to Xplora Films. Hit with sudden inspiration, I typed Underground Angel in.

Underground Angel Sorry! We were unable to find what you're looking for. Please check your search query for spelling errors, or click here to go back to the home page.

Sorry! We were unable to find what you're looking for. Please check your search query for spelling errors, or click here click here to go back to the home page.

Putting the same title into Xplora Search Engine brought up a wave of news articles that told me Underground Angel had recently been removed from Xplora Films.

Underground Angel I spun my chair to the side so that I was facing Alex. He swallowed the last mouthful of his sandwich and raised an eyebrow at me.

"Let's swap." I snatched his tabphone out of the air and pressed mine into his hands. "Get Xplora to tell you where that cocktail picture was taken. I'm going to call Riannon."

Alex absorbed the contents of the screen and its implications in the time it took me to load Riannon's Xplora page on his tabphone. I pressed the video-call button and waited for it to start ringing.

Alex put my tabphone down. "It was taken in The Silver Star."

How the fuck had he done it so quickly?

"Thank you," I muttered.

He laughed, then turned it into a cough when I glared at him. Avoiding my gaze, he lifted his device from my hands so that it was floating freely in front of us. We stared at the screen and waited.

At the last moment, Riannon picked up. It looked like she was in a busy staff cafeteria.

"Hi." She tilted her head to the side, her long earrings swinging. "I only have, like, a few minutes of my lunch break left --"

"Why did you lie to us, Riannon?" I asked.

Her mouth fell upon. "Um -- w-what?"

"You told us that you stayed in last night, watching a film called Underground Angel on Xplora. But that film is no longer available, and at half eight you posted a photo to your profile that was taken in The Silver Star."

Underground Angel She swallowed a few times. "I can explain."

"That would be good. How do you feel about explaining it to us at the police station after work? Of course, coming down here is voluntary, but it would help you clear up this misunderstanding."

Behind her, a large group of people started leaving the cafeteria. Someone in the distance called to her.

"Yes," she said quickly, glancing to the side with panic in her eyes. "I'll come."

***

We spent the rest of the afternoon filling out electronic paperwork (and casting work for other cases aside), studying the national profiles of the staff who worked in Lab S, and trying to ring Nora Fitzroy. She never picked up.

By the time DC Laney knocked on the door and informed us that Riannon Sotello had arrived, Alex and I had consumed six cups of coffee between us. My sergeant drank the last of his with two more painkillers before he followed me to the custody suite.

Riannon looked up when we entered her interview room, long earrings swinging. She was sitting at the table in the middle of the small space, her shoulders slumped and her hands linked together in her lap.

"Thanks for coming, Riannon." I sat down opposite her. "I just have a few formalities to run through, and then we can have a quick chat."

"Okay."

I went through what was necessary for her and the cameras, and then Alex put two printouts on the table: a screen-shot of the apology page from Xplora Films, and another of Riannon's latest Xplora post.

I gave her a moment to look at them. Then I cleared my throat. "We're inviting you to rectify your initial explanation of your whereabouts between seven and nine yesterday evening."



She bit her lip. "This will just stay, like, between us?"

"It depends on what you have to say."

"Okay." She released a long breath. "I didn't go anywhere near Socrico University after I left work yesterday, I swear. I went back home, had dinner, and got ready for my date. I met him at The Silver Star at half eight."

"Who?" Alex asked.

She looked away. "Do I have to tell you?"

"If he can confirm your alibi, we won't need to bother you about it again."

"Petr Fitzroy," she blurted. A blush coloured her cheeks.

I thought back to the national profiles we'd studied. "Nora's husband?"

Riannon nodded.

"So before you met Petr," I said, "and after you left work: you were at home?"

She nodded again.

"Can anyone confirm that?"

"No. I was on my own."

"What time did you and Petr leave The Silver Star last night?"

"Er...it was late. Maybe just after eleven."

"You understand that we'll have to contact Petr to confirm this?"

"Yes." Her eyes widened. "But please don't tell Nora."

"Where is Nora?" I leaned forward, curious. "We've been trying to contact her all day. Was she okay after she fainted this morning?"

is "Oh, she went home after that." Riannon smirked. "If you're looking for a motive, Nora will take Lonn's position as our head researcher starting from Monday."

I exchanged a look with Alex. He was the first to turn back to our interviewee. "What we're actually looking for is Lonn's missing folder. You told DC Laney that it was in his office yesterday."

"Yeah. It's weird, isn't it?" Riannon sat up straighter and flicked her dark hair over one shoulder. "I thought to myself after they'd asked me about it: why would someone kill Lonn...and then, like, run off with a folder? So I hope you don't mind, but I went into his office when the robots weren't looking, and I checked all the folders that were in there. And I realised the missing one is his secret project folder!"

Fucking useless robots . "Lonn's office is a crime scene, Riannon. You're not allowed to go in."

Fucking useless robots "I don't see why it matters. Won't Nora be moving into it on Monday?"

"Not necessarily. She might have to stay in the main lab until we've finished with it."

"What's all this about a secret project folder?" Alex asked.

Riannon grinned. "I knew you'd find it useful! After you'd gone, I thought more about why Lonn might have stayed late. Well, like I said, he wasn't supposed to stay late last night, but sometimes he would stay late to work on this big project of his. None of us knew what it was, but we speculated that maybe it was, like, some breakthrough he was nearing that was going to help us all find the cure we're researching."

would "But you've looked in the folder," I said. "You must know what it was."

know She frowned. "What? I've never looked in the folder."

"Then how did you know it was this secret project folder that's missing?"

"Oh!" She smiled. "That's easy. I recognised the stuff that was in all of the other folders, because I'd fetched it for Lonn or I'd had to sign it. So the one that's missing has to be his project!"



***

Alex and I strolled back to our office after the interview, deep in thought. The glass cubes around us were largely empty -- most officers on day shifts had gone home, and the night shift was arriving in dribs and drabs.

"The plot thickens," I said. "Was Lonn murdered for his project?"

Alex shrugged. "If the murderer knew how important the folder was, they could have taken it as a bluff."

"True. But in both scenarios, the murderer knew what was in the folder . The first thing I want to do tomorrow is try catching Nora at her flat." I tapped my bracelet as we reached our office. "Right now, we need to take this stuff off."

the murderer knew what was in the folder Alex started to turn away. "I'll see you back here in ten minutes?"

"Yeah. But, wait --" I grabbed his hand. "Are you okay?"

He paused, his face in profile to me. "I'll be fine when we get back to yours."

***

We removed our microphones and contact lenses in the staff toilets and took all the gear back to Sten separately. He was waiting in Dixon's office again, his face unreadable and his lips sealed.

When we were ready, we met up in our own office again and walked to my flat.

As we went inside, I glanced over my shoulder. "Alex, why don't you sit down for five minutes while I feed Mitzy and --"

He swayed. I spun like lightning and clamped my fingers around his biceps. "Whoa! You said you'd be fine when we got here. You're not fine. You're about to pass out on my floor."

"We've only just walked in." He smiled faintly, but he was pale again. "I need five minutes to unwind, that's all."

I worried my bottom lip. "Maybe it's a migraine. Have you ever had one before?"

"No."

"Okay, well, there's a first time for everything." I rose on my tiptoes and pressed my forehead against his. No temperature, but I couldn't rule out the alternative option that he was coming down with something. It would be just our luck when we were doing the Trials. "Let's make that half an hour to unwind. Take a nap in my room."

He looped his arm around the small of my back. "Will you be joining me?"

I swallowed hard. "I... After I've fed Mitzy. But I'll be working."

I escaped into the kitchen before my defences could break. Mitzy was sitting on top of the furthest counter, and she stood up on my arrival and started purring. As I bent over to fetch the cat food from the glass cupboard beneath her, she rubbed around my head.

"You're only being fussy because it's dinnertime," I grumbled.

She continued purring until I'd set her food on the floor. Then she jumped off the counter to eat, and I entered my room to keep an eye on Alex.

He'd shrugged his jacket off and loosened his tie, and now he was lying on top of my covers with his eyes closed. He hadn't even bothered removing his shoes, as if he needed to be ready to spring into action at a moment's notice.

I toed my boots off and propped myself up on the pillows beside him, tangling our legs together. He didn't stir, and my heart squeezed. This wasn't the first time he'd crashed fully-clothed when we'd been doing more work than play, and watching him filled me with sad recognition. The rumpled shirt against the bedclothes, the tie draping across the edge of the pillow, and the dark circles under his eyes painted a picture of the workaholic natures we both lived by.

both It made me feel slightly guilty as I placed a call to Gem Robinson, hoping she could confirm what time Riannon and Petr Fitzroy had left The Silver Star. But the call rang out.

I punched the back button, guessing she'd started her shift, but my understanding ran out when Petr didn't pick up either. Wasn't anyone going to answer their damn tabphones today?

As if someone had read my thoughts, a message appeared at the top of my screen. Of course, it was from the person I least wanted to talk with.

I heard you've started the Trials, darling. Want to talk about it?

I heard you've started the Trials, darling. Want to talk about it? Fuck you, Clyde, I responded.

Fuck you, Clyde, Abandoning Xplora, I went over everyone's national profiles again. Lonn Temple, Nora Fitzroy, and Riannon Sotello had all been or were fully-qualified for their jobs, so there was nothing shady going on there. Janet Temple had, indeed, been a teaching assistant. Frankie Jarsdel was studying biochemistry at Socrico University, just as her aunt had said. And Petr Fitzroy was not only Nora's husband and Riannon's secret boyfriend but also a pharmacist.

Everyone was tied together, and yet I couldn't pin the murder on anyone. Yet.

Twenty minutes of scrolling later, Alex tensed and opened his eyes beside me. I put my tabphone away and slid down the bed so that I was level with him. "Hello."

His mouth curved into a slow smile. "Hello."

"Feeling any better?"

He propped himself up so that he was looking down into my eyes. "You won't believe me, but I really am. One hundred percent."

I searched his face. "Just like that?"

"It must be the power of sleeping. I should listen to you more often."

I smiled. "I'm not going to argue with that."

He leaned closer so that our noses were touching, then tilted his head and pressed his mouth to mine. Chemistry zinged between us, shocking my tired brain. I melted beneath him and twined my hands around the back of his head.

One second later, he pulled away. "Ah, wait. You owe me dinner."

"You tease." My smile widened into a grin. "But I've decided I'm not cooking. We're going to The Silver Star."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 38


"I might have forgotten," I said as we stood in the doorway of Socrico's hottest pub, "that it's a Friday night."

The Silver Star was packed with people talking, laughing, shouting at each other. Everything was lit up in electric blue -- including the glass bar in the centre. It was a sprawling three-hundred-and-sixty-degree masterpiece so large that there was a robotic chef inside the pillar in the middle. Two human and two robot bartenders were working around it, but customers could also order using the touchglass surfaces on their own tables. Some of them were doing neither, and instead just dancing to the electric music in the limited walking space.

"I don't think there's a free table," Alex said.

"There probably is upstairs," I replied. "Have a look while I order. Do you want your usual?"

"Yes, please."

Alex moved through the crowd towards the glass staircase at the back of the room, and I fought my way to the bar. Gem Robinson, her hair dyed peach today, was one of the humans working behind it. She served a cocktail jug to a group of young grinders and glanced over her shoulder as they paid. Her eyes landed on me and lit up.

The grinders took their jug, and she hurried over with a grin. "Amber! You haven't been in for ages!"

Gazes turned our way at the sound of my name. I dipped my head, letting my dark hair fall across my face like a curtain. "When I'm not on duty, I've been trying to keep a low profile."

"Oh! Sorry." Her excited smile stayed. "Are you here with the others?"

"Just Alex."

"Ooh! Is it a date? But you're still dressed for work!" She picked up two glasses from beneath the counter and started preparing our usual drinks. A lime crusher for Alex. Just water for me.

"It's a date and a work enquiry. I know this place is usually packed, but you pay a lot of attention to your customers. I was wondering if you could confirm what time someone left last night? She's called Ri--"

and "Janet Temple? The wife of the guy who died at Socrico University? Yeah, it's all over Xplora. You're finally doing the Trials with Alex!" Gem pushed our drinks across the counter. "You're eating as well, right?"

Shock almost paralysed me. "Janet was here? When, exactly?"

"Uh, kind of early in the evening. I noticed her just after seven, and she'd left before nine. She was with some other guy, but I don't think he was her husband. He looked a bit younger than the picture in the news article, and I think his hair was different. Brown? Plus, he wasn't nearly as good-looking as Lonn Temple."

Hell. I tried not to dwell on the fact that the man Gem found attractive was thirty years older than her. And dead. "Janet was definitely out of here before nine?"

Hell. before "Yeah." Gem closed her eyes. "Maybe even half eight."

"What about a woman called Riannon Sotello? Do you know her?"

Still with her eyes shut as she consulted her memories, Gem shook her head. "I don't recognise the name."

I found Riannon's Xplora profile on my tabphone. "What about her face?"

Gem leaned over the counter and had a good, long look at my screen. "Oh! Yeah, she was in here last night. Also with a man. He looked older than her."

"Can you remember roughly what time they came and went?"

"They might have come just before Janet had left, or not long after she'd gone. They left much later. Maybe eleven?"

They At least that matched up. I pocketed my tabphone. "Thank you."



"No problem. I'll go and put your order through. Where are you sitting?"

"Somewhere upstairs, hopefully, if Alex has found a table."

"I'm sure he has -- it's a bit quieter up there. Go to him, woman!"

I paid using the eye-scanner, and then I heeded her words. Or tried to. Walking across the room was difficult when legs were stretched out from tables and handbags had been left miles away from their owners.

Just as I reached the glass staircase, a heavy hand landed on my shoulder. "Hey, sweetheart!"

I turned my head. My assailant was an overweight, middle-aged man with crude features and a balding head. The breath that carried his words stank of beer.

My stomach clenched. I'd had to grin and bear dealing with drunks a lot as a police officer and a patron of The Silver Star, but it always made me break out in a cold sweat.

I took a deep breath and stepped forward.

He moved to block me. "Don't be shy. I just wanted to tell you how pretty you are."

He reached out as if he was going to touch my cheek. I sidled around him, my knuckles white on the drinks.

"Don't be a spoilsport." He followed me as I set foot on the stairs. "What, you with someone?"

"Yes," Alex said coldly. "She's with me."

I looked up. He was almost at the bottom of the staircase, his jacket absent and his sleeves rolled up. He stopped on the step above me and clamped his hand around my arm.

"Okay, mate, okay," the man slurred. "I didn't know, did I? Hey, wait a minute! Aren't you that couple from the news?"

Alex took his lime crusher from me, then moved his painful grip to my free hand. "Come on."

My legs moved only using muscle memory. I glanced over my shoulder as we ascended, my heart pounding, but the man had melted back into the crowd.

We reached the top of the stairs and surfaced in a room as bright and noisy as the ground floor. Two women in their twenties gyrated on a table at the end of the room. A group of men were roaring with laughter.

Alex squeezed my hand and stopped us next to a glass table at the fringes of the room, reserved by the jacket he'd thrown across the surface. Right behind it was the door leading to the balcony where Alex and I had shared our first kiss.

I smiled and released a long breath, feeling my spirits rise again. "This is perfect."

Alex pulled my chair out for me. Butterflies stirred inside as I sat down. We rarely had dates away from our flats because we could never stay in one place for long without being disturbed. But all the journalists of Socrico who were interested in us would be at Dixon's press conference tonight.

We also rarely had dates that didn't include the topic of work, but today's exceptions ended there. As Alex sat down and swept his jacket off the table, I leaned forward and raised my voice. "According to Gem, Riannon's new alibi is sound. But Janet's isn't."

Alex picked up his lime crusher. "Gem saw her?"

"She said she noticed Janet not long after seven, and she left at around half eight or just after. And she was with a man who was not Lonn."

not "Is every person of interest having an affair?"

I scoffed. "It's starting to look that way. We'll have to pay Janet a visit tomorrow after we've tracked down Nora Fitzroy."

Alex rubbed the stubble across his jaw. "You know, if Janet left a little before nine..."

"She might have had the time to kill Lonn? Yeah. And, I know, as his wife she's the most likely. But she's not a researcher, so I don't see how the missing folder would fit in."

"Maybe Janet knew more about Lonn's work than she was letting on today."

A plate of pasta was suddenly slammed down in front of me. "Are you two seriously talking about the investigation on your date?" Gem rounded the table and served Alex his steak, fixing us both with a stern expression.

My sergeant looked to me for guidance on our defence.

"Gem," I said, "a lot is riding on this --"

"I know." She put her hands on her hips. "That's why you need some downtime!"

We exchanged a guilty look and made an effort to follow her advice as we started eating. Alex talked about how his family were in Rosek. I talked about my mother's work at the veterinary practice she ran and how my father was getting on. When we'd covered that polite ground, we were quiet again for a while, unsure of what else in the world there was to discuss. But slowly, carefully, and then naturally, we managed to just talk.

Time flew by, and when I looked at my empty plate, I realised how few of our conversations weren't about work.

weren't We eventually stood up and went back downstairs. The ground floor was even busier than it had been when we'd arrived, and it took us five minutes to walk from one end of the room to the other. In the street, the air pulsed with dozens of muffled nightclub songs, and the light was starting to fade.

I shivered as we joined a crowd of Friday night party-goers, and Alex draped his jacket over my shoulders. I put my arms through the sleeves, breathing in the scent of coffee and lemongrass. He took my hand and linked our fingers together, and we walked to my flat like any other couple.

When we reached my front door, I felt his gaze on my face. I knew he wanted to spend the night with me, but that he still never presumed he could.

I opened the front door and stepped in, turning to look at him over my shoulder. All I had to do was smile.

He followed me inside.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 39


We walked to the police station together the next morning, bearing coffee from our new caffeine haunt, plus a packet of chocolate chip cookies. When we were in the office, we did an exchange: one coffee for Alex and a handful of cookies, one coffee for me and the rest of the packet.

Alex dropped a kiss on my forehead. "By the way, have you seen the article about us on Xplora?"

"No." I held a biscuit between my teeth, dumped the rest on my desk, and threw my bag underneath it. "Is it about the press conference?"

"There are loads of articles about the press conference. But someone noticed our visit to The Silver Star last night."

I looked up. He let go of his tabphone so that it was hovering in front of me, and I glanced over the article on the screen.

It was an anonymous and illiterate piece without many likes, revealing little other than the basic fact that we'd been out for a date. It was accompanied by a HD shot -- photography was clearly more their forte -- of Alex and I leaning towards each other across the table. Alex was smiling. I was laughing at what he'd said to me.

Warmth flowed from my heart to my toes. "It's okay."

His gaze searched my face. "Really?"

"They didn't bother us while we were there -- we had a good time. And it wasn't written by Clyde, which means he wasn't stalking me. So it's fine."

Alex tucked his tabphone inside his jacket. "I wasn't expecting that."

"Maybe it's because you fed me chocolate before you broke the news." I smiled and tilted my head towards the door. "Now, we need to get kitted out and find Nora Fitzroy."

***

Sten was straight-lipped when he gave us our equipment, which put me on edge. I tried to focus my mind on other things during the tram journey to Nora Fitzroy's flat -- like finding the illiterate article and saving the accompanying picture to my tabphone without Alex noticing. I didn't want him to think I was sappy...but I didn't have a single photograph of us together.

Nora lived on Flicker Street just like her boss had. In fact, she lived in the same building, but on the next floor down. We found the right door and rang the bell. A round camera emerged from the wood.

"May we come in?" I asked.

The camera subtly scanned us to check that we weren't blocked from requesting access by the Fitzroys. Then the doorbell said, "Let me ask Petr and Nora."

A few seconds later, a man's voice came over the intercom. "Who is it?"

I held my warrant card up to the camera. "Inspector Rames and Sergeant O'Sullivan, Socrico Police."

"Come in."

The door swung open. We entered a plain hallway identical in design to Janet's but without the clutter. A man emerged from the other end, dressed casually in a navy jumper and jeans. He had thick, dark brown hair and a thin beard clinging to the edges of his chin. His equally dark eyes and the set of his face reminded me of a grizzly bear.

He shook hands first with me, then with Alex. "Petr Fitzroy. I'm assuming it's Nora you want to speak with?"

"Yes, sir," I said. "But I'd appreciate it if you were present as well."

"Of course." He stepped back into the room he'd emerged from. "Make yourselves comfortable."

We followed him into a kitchen that looked like a hurricane had blown through. The fat island counter in the middle was littered with blank paper, lined paper, graph paper, pens, tablets, and reading glasses. Two lines of counters stood on either side of it, and washing up was overflowing from the sink in the corner: wine glasses, plates, a greasy butter knife, a glass beaker, a tower of colourful mugs, and a mixing bowl. A full-length window straight ahead gave us an immersing view of a brick wall.



Nora was standing next to the sink, pouring hot water into two pastel-coloured mugs on the counter. She glanced over her shoulder as we entered and tucked her rumpled hair behind her ears. "Good morning. Tea?"

"No, thank you," I said.

Petr sat down at the island, and we took our places opposite him. Nora removed the teabags and added milk, then passed him one mug and settled down with the other. She held it level with her chest like a shield. Grief had given her visible wounds in the form of red, gritty eyes.

"Nora, we were hoping to ask you a few more questions," I said. "We tried calling you yesterday after you'd been sent home from work."

She glanced down. "Sorry, I only picked up my missed calls this morning. I had an appointment at the hospital. I needed a PET scan."

"Oh, right. I...hope it wasn't for anything too serious."

"It was a reassessment of my breast cancer."

"Oh." I was used to handling murder, but I found any other touchy topic just as awkward as the next Englander. "I'm sorry to hear that."

She lowered her mug so that it was resting on the island. "Don't be. I don't need chemo anymore. So, what was it you wanted to talk to me about?"

Ah, the much more comfortable topic of murder. "What time did you leave the lab on Thursday?"

"Not long after five." She looked between us quizzically.

"You didn't clock out," Alex explained. "So we couldn't check the clocking machine records."

She blushed. "Oh, I'm afraid I do that all the time. The chemo's made me a bit forgetful."

"Can anyone confirm the time you left?" I asked.

"No. I was the last to go."

"But I can confirm what time she came home," Petr said. "About twenty past, maybe half-past five."

I turned to him. "You work at a pharmacy, don't you? What time did you finish?"

"Five. But it's only down the road. I always get home before Nora."

"Okay. Where were you both between seven and nine?"

"I was...with some friends at The Silver Star." Petr looked at Nora. "And you said you'd been watching a film, didn't you, love?"

"Yes." She smiled tightly. "I ordered a takeaway and watched a film. On my own."

"What film?" I asked.

Alex's lips twitched.

" The Immortal Star ," Nora said.

The Immortal Star I knew for a fact that film was available on Xplora. "We heard you'll be taking over Lonn's role now. I hope you understand that we might not have released the crime scene for you by Monday."

was "Of...course." She frowned. "But how did you know about that?"

"Riannon told us."

"I see." Nora's face cleared. "I expect she's jealous?"

I decided to play into her hands and see where it got me. "Oh, yes. Very. Was she hoping for the role someday?"

"I don't know. She won't be surprised that it's been given to me -- she was always aware that I was her senior. But I think that awareness is her problem. It always felt like we were battling to see who could be the better assistant to Lonn."

"Why did Lonn need two assistants?" Alex asked.

two "After my diagnosis, he thought I wouldn't be able to handle everything, so he decided Riannon should help me. If anything, her involvement exhausted me more. But he meant well..."



"And are you pleased that you'll be the head researcher of Lab S?"

Her eyes widened. "God, no! Not in these circumstances. Poor Lonn. I would never have wished this on him."

Petr glowered at us. "What kind of question is that?"

"But you were aspiring to be the head researcher one day?" I pressed.

were "Yes," Nora admitted. "Petr's brother-in-law suffered from fatal familial insomnia, the disease we're researching. We lost him a few years ago. I've felt driven to make an impact in this field of research since his diagnosis."

"I'm sorry." I glanced at Petr again, but he looked away and glared at the wall. "Could you explain a little about what it is you actually do in the lab? You're finding a cure?"

"Yes. Fatal familial insomnia is an extremely rare genetically inherited prion disease caused by a mutation in the PRNP gene. The first recorded death was on the surface in seventeen sixty-five, but it still holds a lot of mystery even today. The reason why it's so devastating is that normal sleep has a lot of stages, but patients with this disease can't go past non-REM stage one -- that is, light sleep."

"So they struggle with insomnia and eventually cease sleeping at all," I chipped in.

Nora tilted her head. "Yes, that's right. The disease rears its head very suddenly, usually in adult life. There are actually four stages in its progress: stage one is insomnia abruptly setting in, stage two is when sleep deprivation causes hallucinations, stage three is when complete insomnia causes a limit in mental functioning, and stage four is when the patients experience dementia, followed by a coma and death."

"Jesus," Alex muttered. "It sounds like something from a horror film."

"It's one of the darkest diseases I've ever encountered," Nora said. "And definitely not one to be underestimated. After all, sleep deprivation has been used as a method of torture in the past. Even the dementia in stage four is cruel -- the patients still understand what's happening to them. They still feel the pain of months without sleep." She sighed. "We've been trying to focus on immunotherapy, but even with a few hundred years' of research, we still haven't had any success."

months "Riannon mentioned a project Lonn was working on that she thought was going to help you find the cure," I said. "Unfortunately, that project has gone missing."

Nora stared. "Really? Oh, no. I was hoping that I would be able to look at it on Monday and finally understand what he'd been doing..."

"What can you tell us about it?"

She sighed heavily. "Not much. Lonn wouldn't even tell me what it was, and we'd been friends for years. But, yes, we all speculated that it was going to be a big breakthrough for our cause. I believe Lonn was keeping it to himself because he wanted to make sure that he alone took the credit for whatever it was. Sometimes he lost sight of the idea that the other scientists working in our lab were part of a team."

me "Was all of his work for the project kept in one folder?" I asked.

"I think so. It was the only folder I wasn't allowed to touch."

"When did you last see it?"

"The day he..." She swallowed thickly and looked away. "His last day."

"Who else could have had access to it? Did anyone other than you and Riannon spend time in his office?"

She lifted one shoulder in a shrug. "Any member of the team could pop in there."

Not helpful. "Did he ever take the folder home?"

"I don't know."

Doubly not helpful. I looked at Alex, but he shook his head.

"Thank you, Nora." I stood up. "If you think of anything else -- or you happen to find the folder -- let us know."

"Of course." She looked at Petr. "Should I...?"

"No, no, you stay sitting down." Petr rose. "I'll show them out."

We followed him back into the hallway. I waited until he'd opened the door and we were over the threshold before I spoke again. "You were at The Silver Star with friends on Thursday, Petr?"

friends "How about we try one friend," Alex added, "called Riannon Sotello?"

Petr turned ashen. "How do you know?"

"Riannon told us," I said. "And a member of staff remembers seeing her with you, too. What time did you get there?"

He sighed heavily and leaned against the door frame. "Half eight."

"And you left at...?"

"Around about eleven."

I raised an eyebrow. "What then?"

"We went back to her place for a while. I didn't get home until the early hours of the morning." He rubbed the back of his neck. "Look, please don't tell my wife. I'm ready to break it off with Riannon. I don't love her. It's just that, since Nora's diagnosis, things have been difficult."

please "You mean Riannon came with no strings attached," Alex said, "and a sex drive and stamina your sick wife didn't have."

Petr didn't reply.

"Before you went out, was Nora at home?" I asked.

"Yes. She was at home all night, I swear it!"

"What time did you leave the flat?"

"Quarter past eight."

"So you can't actually account for her movements between quarter past eight and nine?"

His jaw tightened, and he looked away. Shuffled his feet. "Well...no."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 40


Alex and I left the block of flats and hit Flicker Street. It was already warm, and long shadows stretched across the road as the artificial lights imitated the position of the sun. We walked in the direction of the university and the nearest tram stop.

"I can't believe this," I said. " No one has an iron-clad alibi!"

No one Alex ticked everyone off on his fingers. "No one can testify to Nora's movements between quarter past eight and nine. No one can testify to Riannon's movements between seven and half eight."

"And no one can testify to Janet's movements between half eight and nine," I said. "Yet, anyway. Hopefully, we'll clear that up later."

Alex frowned. "Why are we going back to the station now? Janet was just a floor up from us."

are "I want to do what we can with Nora's story first, so that we have more answers than questions. We need to check the clocking-out records again and see if she's telling the truth about it being a common occurrence for her to forget." I turned around, suddenly realising that he was behind me. "Come on! Don't dawdle."

"I'm not dawdling." He fell into step with me again and glowered.

I looked at the dark smudges under his eyes and slowed down. "Are you tired?"

"No. I felt fine -- I am fine today."

am We followed a bend in the road, and the entrance to Socrico University yawned ahead of us. I glanced at my sergeant again and realised he was slowly losing the colour in his cheeks. "You're not well. Why don't --"

"Inspector Rames!"

Frankie Jarsdel, the niece of our victim, was emerging from the university campus. She was flanked by a blonde girl with the floppiest sun hat I'd ever seen, and none other than Jude Bray, the last passenger I'd herded off the hijacked tram the previous morning.

The trio stopped in front of us, Frankie standing at their head. "Good morning, Inspector. I was wondering if you've made any progress in your investigation yet."

I raised my eyebrows at her cool tone. "Sorry. I'm not at liberty to say this early in the investigation."

"No one's been arrested?" Floppy Hat asked, her voice wavering.

I gave her an unimpressed stare.

"Oh." Frankie turned towards her friends. "This is a flatmate of mine, Becky Elwyn. And this is a classmate, Jude Bray."

"We've already met," Jude said. "You remember that tram hijacking yesterday?"

"Of course." Frankie flipped a strand of brittle hair over her shoulders. "You've only just finished telling me that we have to be back by this afternoon because some officers are coming to take your statement." She looked at me. "Sorry to bother you, Inspector. Will you be allowed to contact me if there's any news...?"

"Of course." I looked at her friends and added, "Privately. As you're a member of the family."

"Thank you. Goodbye." She turned around and led her friends in the direction of the tram stop.

Alex frowned. "There's something off with her."

"Hmm. If that's her flatmate..." I raised my voice. "Becky!"

Floppy Hat stopped and turned around. Frankie and Jude glanced behind them but carried on walking. I beckoned to Floppy Hat, and she came back.

"Becky," I said when she reached us. "Sorry. I just need to ask a routine question. Where was Frankie on Thursday night?"



Becky shrugged. "She went for dinner with Lonn and Janet, and then she went back to our flat and studied. Like she does every Thursday night."

"Were you at the flat, then?"

"No. The rest of us were at Underworld Eclipse -- you know, the club?"

I did know. It was the most popular club in Socrico. "What time did you get back?"

"Maybe one in the morning. Or two? I can't remember."

"So no one but Frankie was in your flat that evening?"

She nodded and looked over her shoulder anxiously, desperately watching her friends. "That's right."

"Okay, thanks. You can go now."

Becky ran to catch up with her friends, who'd passed the tram stop and almost vanished from sight.

I turned to Alex. "Yet another alibi with holes in it. This means no one can testify to Frankie's movements between seven and nine at all ."

at all ***

We rode the tram back to the police station. There was only one seat left, but I insisted that Alex took it while I stood and paced. He was still pale.

When we entered the station, we went straight to our office. I pushed the door open and made a beeline for the packet of cookies I'd left on my desk. I shoved one in my mouth and turned around -- and nearly choked on it. "Alex!"

He was standing on the threshold, his head buried in the crook of the arm he'd braced against the door frame. His eyes were closed.

I put my hands on his shoulders. "Alex, go home."

"No." He straightened up and winced. "I'm fine now. I was just a bit dizzy."

"Oh, for God's sake." I raked a hand through my hair and pointed at his desk. "At least sit down."

He managed to get there without fainting. When he'd collapsed in his chair, I carried the cookies over. "Eat. I'm going to get you a drink from the cafeteria. If you feel dizzy, call me. Otherwise, ask the PRBs to check the clocking-out records at Lab S for the whole of May. Just call them. Don't go next door. Don't move at all."

"Okay." He stared at the cookies with little enthusiasm.

My heart panged. "Alex..."

He looked up.

"You were feeling fine this morning. And yesterday morning." I hesitated. "Until we put our monitoring stuff on. I did some research last night, and occasionally people have adverse reactions to video-recording contact lenses. They can include headaches and --"

"No." His voice was cold.

I blinked. "No? I haven't even --"

" No, Amber. I'm fine." He pulled his tabphone out of his pocket. "I'll call the PRBs and check the rest of the records they've already given us. They sent everything from the past week."

No, I remained rooted to the spot, staring at him. Using his tabphone with one hand, he put a call through to the PRBs on his earpiece with the other. And avoided looking at me.

I turned on my heel and left the room.

***

The cafeteria always reminded me of something from a secondary school. It was a large hall on the first floor of the police station that seemed to be a world away from the cutting-edge office cubes below. Round tables that could seat groups of ten were accompanied by plastic chairs in neon orange and lime green. Only a few were occupied. It was too late for most people to be grabbing breakfast, but too early for lunch.



I was standing at a table near the self-serving area, trying to work out how I was going to carry everything I'd bought. I had two coffees, a sandwich and chocolate bar for Alex, and three chocolate bars for me. And only two hands.

This was all his fault. I knew that if he hadn't pissed me off, I wouldn't have needed so much chocolate. Then I might have stood a hope in hell of picking it all up.

"A tray," Sebastian said from behind me, "would be a good idea."

I turned around. He was standing a few feet away with a plastic tray in one hand and a vape in the other. I guessed he was here to satisfy the other craving of an overworked man that went hand-in-hand with nicotine: he was eyeing up my coffee like a lion watching a gazelle.

"A tray," I repeated. "Yes."

He set it on the table. "Are you okay, Amber? You've picked up five chocolate bars."

Five? I looked down. Shit, there were five. How had the extra one managed to find its way onto my pile?

were I sighed and dumped them onto the tray. "It's Alex."

"What's he done?"

"He's not very well." I worried my bottom lip. "I think it might be these contact lenses we're wearing. He was fine yesterday morning. Then he was ill for most of the day, but he felt okay not long after we reached my flat...until we kitted up this morning." I ripped open a chocolate bar. "I tried to suggest it to him, but he just snapped at me!"

Sebastian leaned against the table and picked up my sergeant's coffee. "You know he probably thinks you're right? If he didn't put any stock in what you were saying, there wouldn't have been any need to shut you down."

"I know. But I don't know what to do. We have to wear this stuff to do the Trials."

have Sebastian sipped his stolen coffee and glanced at the tray. "Looking after him will help. If it was you, you'd appreciate that."

"Why isn't it me? I'm shit with technology. Why is it Alex, of all people?"

isn't "That's what he'll be asking himself. He's our tech guru, and everyone in the station knows it. If I had a reputation like that, I'd be humiliated right now too."

I already felt ashamed of my inferiority with electronics. I knew exactly how Alex would be feeling.

"Talk with Sten about it," Sebastian said. "Get him to examine Alex. If he is having a bad reaction, you just need to let him know that he shouldn't be embarrassed."

is "Yeah, restoring a man's pride is that easy." I tried not to think too hard about the fact that Sten himself was observing this conversation. "But thanks. I should go back to Alex before he thinks I've just walked out. Oh, Sebastian?"

"I'm still listening." He polished off the coffee and threw the empty cup towards a nearby recycling bin.

"You and Cassia are kind of close. Do you think she's been looking upset lately? Has she said anything to you about Miles?"

Sebastian tensed. "Only that she's still going through a rough patch with him. Short of hitting the guy's head off a wall, I'm not sure what I can do to help."

"Keep an eye on her for me?"

"I meant to help her , not you . " He raised an eyebrow. "I'm always keeping an eye on her. Not that she's actually the Rames sister who gets into the most trouble."

her . I let that one slide. "Well, here's an easy problem you can solve to help a Rames: I'm now one coffee short."

"Sorry. I was desperate." He straightened up with a charmingly unapologetic smile, but it didn't reach his eyes. "Wait there, and I'll get you another one."



***

I arrived back at our office bearing a plastic tray with the correct number of coffees, one sandwich, and my remaining four chocolate bars. I felt Alex's eyes on me as soon as I kicked the door open, but I avoided looking anywhere near him as I dumped his goods on his desk. Sebastian may have helped me to think up a plan of action for our predicament, but how I was going to broach the subject with my sergeant again was another matter entirely.

"Thanks," he said slowly as I unloaded the tray. "I've finished looking through Nora's records. She was telling the truth -- there are loads of gaps where she's clearly forgotten to clock out."

I risked a glance at him. He looked at the chocolate with one raised eyebrow.

I picked the tray up and marched back to my desk, not trusting myself to speak. He watched as I kicked my chair out and sat down.

After a long moment, he cleared his throat. "So, what now, Amber?"

My self-restraint snapped. " I don't know! What can we do now, Sergeant? You're not well, but you won't let me help or even listen to me. You won't go home, but I can't let you come anywhere with me because I can't even trust you to tell me when you're about to pass out!"

I don't know! can Ringing silence fell almost before the last word had left my lips. All life in the main office stilled, and I realised that they'd heard everything.

I sneaked a glance at Alex. He was sitting with his head in his hands.

Great job, Amber. Full volume was definitely what he needed.

Great job, Amber. Full volume was definitely what he needed. "Shit, I'm sorry." I pressed my fingers against my eyes and took a deep breath. "I'm just going to -- to...go for a walk. I'll talk to Janet." I got up and moved towards the door.

"Amber, wait."

I stopped and closed my eyes.

Behind me, Alex's chair squeaked as he stood. A few seconds later, his hands landed on my shoulders and turned me around. "Look at me."

I opened my eyes and met his, soft and wary.

"I'm sorry," he said. "I shouldn't have snapped at you earlier. Can I blame it on the headache?"

I smiled wanly.

"Really, Amber." He pulled me against his chest. "I am sorry. This is the last thing I wanted. I've just been difficult because I'm so frustrated. But if you let me come with you, I promise I'll sit in the back seat. Let you do all the work."

"Nothing new there, then," I teased.

He laughed and slid his hands around my back, resting his chin on my head. I felt the rise and fall of his chest against mine, but instead of the usual calmness that followed, a thread of panic bolted through me. If we failed the Trials, this would be one of the last times we held each other.

I raised my head. "Alex, please let Sten see if you're having a bad reaction to the contacts later. Please."

He pulled away. "Amber..."

"For me." I plastered on a hopeful smile. "Look, if you promise to let Sten examine you, I'll let you come to Janet's with me."

He sighed. "Fine. I promise."

"Great." I grabbed the coffee and chocolate from my desk. "Let's go."

***

Alex and I caught a tram back to the stop by Socrico University, eating our brunches and finishing our coffees along the way. We walked to Flicker Street at my pace rather than Alex's, then entered the right block and rode the lift up to Janet Temple's flat.

She sounded surprised over the intercom when we rang the doorbell, and she looked it, too, when the door swung open and revealed her in the entrance hall. "Inspector Rames, Sergeant O'Sullivan! I wasn't expecting you to come back again."

We crossed the threshold, and I shut the door behind us. "Sorry, Mrs Temple. We just wanted to ask you a few more questions. It would really help the investigation."

"Oh." Her gaze slid away. "Well, all right then. Come in and sit down."

We followed her into the living room. It was in just as much chaos as it had been the previous day, and I almost knocked the sewing kit off the coffee table as I sat. "Whoops, sorry."

Alex sank onto the sofa beside me with an amused smile. Janet put the sewing kit under the table. "I'm sorry about the mess. Would you like anything to drink? I have green tea."

"That sounds great, thanks."

Janet left to put the kettle on. Alex raised an eyebrow.

"Green tea is good for you," I said. "Isn't it?"

He scoffed and stood up, strolling to the side of the room. Beneath the window and its deep sill with yellow flowers, there was an elegant chest of drawers. He picked up a framed photograph, then sifted through the papers that had been left next to it.

"That is not sitting in the back seat." I absentmindedly pulled a length of red ribbon around my hand like a knuckle wrap.

Alex looked up with a guilty smile. "Sorry, I can't help myself. And being nosy is hardly taxing."

"I suppose not." I dropped the ribbon and joined him. "What are you looking for? There isn't a folder lying around on here."

"Who says Lonn's project is still in its folder?" Alex skimmed through a few more papers. "We've told everyone that we're looking for it. If I'd taken it, the first thing I'd do is get rid of the recognisable shell."

"Let's see what Janet has to say for herself when we ask her about The Silver Star. If we have reason to believe the folder is here, we can get a warrant."

I took his hand and pulled him back to the sofa. But as soon as we were sitting, he lifted up a folded pile of silk and checked that there was nothing beneath it.

I rolled my eyes and focused on tidying the ribbons. Impatience was threatening to bubble up. Perhaps I should have said no to the green tea. Would it really make Alex feel better if his contact lenses were the problem anyway?

As I picked up the last stray ribbon, my fingers brushed against paper -- thick paper. Not the kind clothes patterns were cut from. I stopped and looked down at the corner I'd uncovered. Someone had written on it by hand.

I pulled the paper free, uprooting several reels of thread. A date and address were scrawled across the top, and I realised that it was a letter. It had been written the previous day.

Alex leaned over my shoulder, and I pushed my glasses further up my nose.

Janet,

Janet, Did you think it was all over now that I've gone beyond the grave?

Did you think it was all over now that I've gone beyond the grave? We have not been silenced. Whispers can pass through the veil, and fear will not stop me from telling the truth now. The world will know what we did to him. And what you did to me.

We have not been silenced. Whispers can pass through the veil, and fear will not stop me from telling the truth now. The world will know what we did to him. And what you did to me. Once, a murderer. Twice, a monster.

Once, a murderer. Twice, a monster. Love,

Love, Your Dearly Deceased Lonn

Your Dearly Deceased Lonn

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 41


The living room door squeaked open behind us. "Here we are, three... Oh."

I dropped the letter and turned around. "I think you have some explaining to do, Mrs Temple."

Janet put a tray down on the coffee table, her eyes filling. She sank onto the opposite sofa and buried her head in her hands.

I thrust a mug of green tea at Alex. He stared at it with distaste and dumped it out of my reach, returning his attention to Janet. "Mrs Temple?"

"It was shoved under the door this morning." She raised her head, her eyes wide. "I don't know what it means. You have to believe me."

"It suggests that Lonn's a murderer," I said. "And that you are, too."

"I'm not!" Her voice was a strangled screech, and she pressed a hand against her throat. "I didn't kill Lonn. And I don't know -- I don't understand what it's talking about. He can't have..."

"Do you recognise the handwriting?" Alex asked.

"Aye. God, it's Lonn's."

I exchanged a glance with my sergeant and amended, "You mean someone else is impersonating him."

She nodded. "But when I first read it this morning, for a moment I thought...I thought he was back."

"And you're sure you don't understand what the letter is referring to?"

sure She nodded again with a little shiver.

I handed a second mug of green tea to Alex, keeping my eyes on Janet. "If you have nothing to hide, why didn't you call and tell us about the letter this morning? Whether it's speaking the truth or not, it's evidence linked to Lonn's murder."

Her gaze slid away. "I was going to get around to it. But it was such a shock. I had to give myself some time."

"Right. Or was it because you know that you have a motive for Lonn's murder, and this is evidence against you?"

Her eyes snapped back to mine. "I'm sorry?"

"Yesterday, you told us that you remained here between seven and nine on Thursday evening. In fact, you said you'd gone to bed at eight. What you actually did was go to The Silver Star with another man at seven and leave the premises at half eight. What did you do with the last half hour of our murder window, I wonder? Maybe you wanted Lonn out of the picture. Maybe your new man did."

actually Janet paled. "H-how --?"

"My job is to find the truth. And I always do. What happened after you left The Silver Star?"

"Nothing! I came back home. I would never have hurt Lonn -- and I would never have been unfaithful to him, either."

"Then who were you with?" Alex asked.

Janet's bottom lip trembled. "My solicitor. I wanted a divorce."

"Because of Lonn's drinking problems?" I guessed.

She sighed. "He's been an alcoholic for years. I couldn't cope any longer. He didn't want to get better, and he was spending so much time away from home... Really, we'd fallen out of love. I didn't see any reason to continue ruining my sanity when my efforts to save him were so fruitless."

Alex cast his second mug aside. "Could we have the details of your solicitor, please?"

***

We put the letter in a ziplock bag and took it away with us. At the front door, Alex flatly thanked Janet for her green tea, and I had to dig my fingernails into my palms to stop myself from giggling.

"You didn't have any," he complained as soon as we were in the lift and sinking to the ground floor.

"Neither did you!"

"I tried it the second time. It was terrible."

I laughed. "Did it help?"

"No. Sorry."

My laughter died.

We left the building and entered the afternoon's artificial sunlight. Alex cleared his throat. "So, Thursday evening. Janet discusses her divorce with her solicitor. She realises that it's going to leave her as a much poorer woman. But she also realises that if Lonn dies, all his money will go to her." He glanced at me. "Are we going to find her solicitor?"

"We'll just video call him from the station. I've already dragged you back and forth twice today, and in your state, that's enough. But you can make your brain cells run around a bit more. What's going on with this letter?"

He rubbed his jaw. "Either Janet is the murderer, or the sender is. If they believe Lonn and Janet murdered someone else, they might have murdered Lonn and tried to place the blame on Janet. Although they seemed more interested in truth than violence."

they "Perhaps they lost their rationality on Thursday evening," I said. "And if we find out who they were avenging -- or thought they were avenging -- we can find out who they are."

they ***

We caught a tram to the high street. By the time we disembarked, the weather simulator had started to spit rain. Black skyscrapers stood like silhouettes as the light dimmed, and only the flashing signs that raced down their walls were clear in the descending gloom.

Some Saturday shoppers picked their next stores at random and hurried inside, their heads ducked to shield their faces. Some pulled umbrellas out of their bags. But as a minute ticked by and the rain grew heavier, more admitted defeat and retreated.

As we turned onto the long road that led to the police station, the rain became an all-out downpour. Water roared against glass roofs and flowed down gutters. Two seconds was all it took for it to soak me to the bone. A strand of dark hair flew across my cheek as I turned to Alex. "Run!"

My hand found his, and he pulled me into motion. We raced down the tarmac towards the station door, splashing through the puddles that were already swelling, and screeched to a halt before the facial recognition scanners. The smell of the downpour was rejuvenating the atmosphere, as if someone had ripped open a new packet of fresh air.

The facial recognition scanners flashed green, and the station door beeped and began to rise. I ducked underneath it and paused in the empty lobby to wait for my sergeant. My white shirt had turned see-through, and my hair was hanging down my back in rat tails.

Alex joined me a moment later, his pale face shining. He caught hold of my shoulder roughly. I staggered. "Alex?"

He closed his eyes and breathed deeply. "I don't think they like me running."

Was he acknowledging that the video contacts might be the problem? I hesitated over what to say.

He opened his eyes and pulled back, and the moment was over. "Is your ankle okay?"

I realised that I'd forgotten all about it. My old injury was throbbing, but the small discomfort had been lost in my adrenaline.

Hysteria rose without warning. We were unwell and injured. Clueless. Hopeless.

"Amber?" Alex frowned, raising a hand to touch my cheek.

I stepped back and covered my eyes, but the tears just slipped between my fingers.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 42


I spent the rest of the day on the receiving end of worried looks from Alex. Humiliated, I pretended that I hadn't cried in the lobby and buried myself in our work instead.

We had a brief video call with Janet's solicitor, and after a heated argument about client confidentiality and the severity of murder, he confirmed that he had been with Janet at The Silver Star on Thursday night. He had, indeed, been advising her on divorce. When they'd parted ways, he'd gone straight home to his wife, who could confirm it. We contacted her. She did.

There definitely hadn't been any illicit sex with Mrs Temple.

We proceeded to scour news reports for a possible link between Janet and any violent crimes -- something that had happened in her block, something that had happened to someone she knew, something she'd given a journalist a statement about...it took us hours just to search through a few months' worth of local articles, even with the PRBs' help. I gave them the instruction to carry on searching all night.

When officers began swapping shifts next door, we called it a day and packed up. Neither of us had spoken much throughout the afternoon, and I led Alex to Dixon's office with trepidation.

Sten was waiting in there alone. He had, of course, been expecting us to arrive with our spyware still equipped so that he could examine Alex, which made me uncomfortable when I thought too hard about it.

"Inspector Rames, Sergeant O'Sullivan," he said as we entered. "Have a seat."

I dropped into a chair on our side of the desk. Alex was slower to sit beside me, his eyes wary.

Sten adjusted his lab coat and sat on the edge of the table. "You wanted me to examine you for an adverse reaction to the video contacts?" He addressed Alex alone.

My sergeant glanced at me and cleared his throat. "Yes, please."

"From my data, I gather you've suffered headaches and dizziness." Sten's gaze flicked over Alex's features with clinical coolness. "Anything else?"

"No."

"Did the symptoms persist after you had removed the video contacts yesterday?"

"Yes. But not for long."

"Would you say they had lifted within half an hour of the contacts' removal?"

Alex rubbed his jaw. "I think so."

"And they didn't return again until a little while after you'd put the contacts in this morning?"

"No."

"Then it seems rather decisive."

Alex had the good grace to look sheepish.

Sten examined him, shining a torch into his eyes. He asked Alex to look at various objects around the room and examined the live data on his tablet.

At last, he put the tablet down. "As I thought. You're experiencing a rare side effect of the video-recording contact lenses. In simple terms, your brain is struggling to interpret what you are seeing correctly while you're wearing them, and the result is that a tremendous amount of strain is put on your eyes. That causes your symptoms."

"Why doesn't it happen to me?" I asked.

Sten lifted his shoulders a fraction in what might have been a shrug. "Research into the exact reason why the video contacts can cause this effect is still thin on the ground. Due to their ban for everyday purposes, few are on the market, so there is not much need for it."

I crossed and uncrossed my legs, feeling the need to just jump up and do something that would help Alex. "Can we record what we're doing another way?"

do

"I cannot gather the data necessary for you to pass the Trials unless I am seeing things exactly as you are seeing them. Nothing short of a recorder in your eyes will do. Even recorders in a pair of glasses would give me a different view. There are things that I could miss."

My mind flashed back to the dark alleyway Alex and I had kissed in the previous day. Anger unfurled in my core. That had been a moment in which Sten had seen nothing from either of us, but I didn't think it had mattered. So did it really matter if Alex's perspective was just slightly different?

slightly Sten glanced at a tablet on the desk. I remembered the bracelets that were still on our wrists, and as the doctor raised his eyes to mine, I wondered how high my blood pressure had just spiked.

"Either you wear the contacts and continue participating in the Trials," he said, "or you stop wearing them and withdraw. Of course, withdrawal would result in your immediate arrest."

"No," Alex said. "We have to carry on."

***

It's hard to know whether to say Alex walked me home or Alex followed me home , because there was no discussion about it. We left the station at the same time, we went to my flat, and he came inside with me after my front door had opened.

Alex walked me home Alex followed me home His neck was corded and his jaw was hard. If there had been a Geiger counter for the tension between us, it would have been clicking without pause. I knew that I should say something, but every time I tried to speak, my lips clamped tight.

Mitzy was waiting for me in the kitchen. I fed her on automatic, feeling a sense of déjà vu as my sergeant entered the kitchen in my peripheral vision. Here we were again. Both of us at my flat. Me worrying while I served up dinner for my cat. Alex suffering from the side effects of the video contacts we'd not long removed.

I turned around and looked at him. He was leaning against the counters, still pale.

I took a deep breath. "Um, Alex, it's okay --"

"It's not," he said quietly.

"No." Now that I'd taken the plunge, I had to continue. "I know you're embarrassed because you're the resident tech whiz and now you're suffering the side effects of advanced technology. But you shouldn't be. You can't help it. I feel embarrassed about my lack of skills with electronics every day, but what can I do? That's just the way it is."

Alex stared at me. Silence fell again.

My cheeks burned. I'd said the wrong things.

I bolted past him. "You know what, forget all that. I'm just -- I'm going to have a shower."

"Amber, wait --"

But I was gone, stalking through my bedroom and stripping off as I went. I completed the job in the bathroom, then stood beneath the showerhead and waved my hand to activate a cool cascade.

Tears welled, and I closed my eyes. No . I'd already had one breakdown today. That was really enough.

No The bathroom door clicked open. I froze. Fuckdamnshit.

Fuckdamnshit. I turned to face the wall and ducked my head, letting the water soak my hair. "Alex, I want to be alone. Go away."

A few moments later, the shower glass rumbled open behind me. "I only came to talk. But I did have to take my clothes off first, otherwise they'd get wet."

One corner of my mouth twitched. Unfortunately, my amusement was also giving rise to more hysteria.

"I thought we'd already talked." My voice wobbled.

"You did. I didn't." The shower door rumbled shut again.

I thought about how small the glass cubicle was. How far away was he? Centimetres? My hairs stood on end.

"I'd be lying if I told you I wasn't embarrassed about the video contacts," he continued. "But the biggest problem isn't my pride, Amber. It's my failure."

I slowly turned around, my eyes skimming over the droplets running down his jaw. And lower.

I swallowed hard and folded my arms across my chest so that I was halfway decent. "What do you mean?"

His gaze was fixed on mine, but his voice was rough. "I'm letting you down. I haven't been working at full capacity, and your attention has been divided between the investigation and your concern for me."

"No. Don't blame this on yourself." My hand moved of its own accord, cupping his chin. "You're still a damn good sergeant. My sergeant."

My I ran my thumb along the skin and stubble of his lower cheek. He closed his eyes. We stayed frozen together for a heartbeat.

Then I stepped forward and kissed him. Unbridled desire broke over us, and everything blurred for a moment. Maybe it was just because we were naked in the shower, but the heat that passed through me was so strong, I didn't quite remember who I was when we pulled away.

Alex's mouth curved into a smile. "God, Amber."

I laughed and held on to his shoulders. "Have I ever told you I love you?"

"I could make you say it all night, angel."

There was another long pause while I imagined that.

"Alex," I murmured eventually. "I mean what I said."

He sighed. I felt the exhale pass over my skin, tickling my nerve endings. All I wanted to do was pull him closer. But I knew that we had to address our problem with words before actions.

"Do you remember what you said the day we agreed to do this?" I whispered. "About challenges?"

He looked at me.

"The video contacts...they're just another challenge." I rose up, touching my nose against his. " It's not your fault. It's just the way it is. I love you, and I'll fight my hardest for that, no matter what hurdles we face."

It's not your fault. "I love you, too." He pressed his lips to mine and sighed again. "I'm sorry about the way I've been today. Tomorrow, we'll be the same old team."

I looked into his eyes, completely unshielded. And I believed him.

"In the meantime..." He raised his hands and dragged them through my hair, the water still falling on us. "Well, in the meantime...there's tonight."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 43


I woke up the next morning tangled in my bedsheets and Alex's limbs. Smiling, I let my eyelids flutter shut again, savouring the moment with him. His chest was warm and firm against my back, his arm thrown around me possessively. He smelled of sex.

He shifted in his sleep, and a weight I hadn't noticed before lifted from our ankles. I cracked my eyes open. Mitzy was standing on the bed, and she held my gaze without blinking.

Alex opened his eyes. "Good morning."

Mitzy jumped into the gap between us, purring.

I scoffed softly. "She sees I'm awake and she gives me a death stare. Then you wake up and she wants a cuddle!"

"It's my charm." A mischievous smile shaped his lips, and my heart flipped. "We're best friends now."

They practically were. Alex had once been wary of my cat, but as the months had rolled by and he'd started sleeping over at my flat, he'd slowly got used to her. In return, he'd become her favourite person.

He stroked Mitzy with long fingers, and she purred louder. I watched her with a small amount of jealousy.

Alex looked up with dark eyes that suggested he knew it, and he reached across to cup my cheek. "I think you'd better leave the room, Mitzy."

Before we could ruin her innocence, my tabphone alarm screeched. I shut it off with a groan. "Time's up. We need to get ready for work."

"There's always later." Alex slipped from beneath the covers and sauntered to the bathroom, leaving me to stare after him.

While he showered, I got dressed and made buttered toast for two. We hadn't eaten dinner the night before, so I devoured my portion in two minutes flat.

Alex came into the kitchen wearing a suit that had, at some undetermined stage, moved into my wardrobe. While he lounged against a counter to eat, I searched high and low for a chocolate bar to finish tackling the gnawing in my stomach. Unfortunately, I'd left the only supply I had back at our office.

I sighed as I closed the final kitchen cupboard. "I'm starving. That's the last of my bread, and all my cereal has vanished."

Alex smiled, knowing full well that he was the reason why my food was diminishing at twice the speed it had used to. "Don't they sell chocolate muffins at Rise & Grinder?"

I cast my mind back to the food display at my new favourite coffee shop. "Yes. Let's go."

The city was quiet so early on a Sunday morning, but even on my little road, the air hung thick with the smell of booze and cigarettes. Oh, Saturday nights.

We ascended the first metal staircase we found to the higher pathways. When we reached the top, Alex took my hand. "So, what's our first move this morning?"

A drunk woman with neon pink hair staggered past, looking like she was only just making her way home after an all-night party. I lowered my voice. "You don't have any updates from the PRBs about the news reports?"

"No. Radio silence."

"Damn. They must not have found anything useful." I followed him up to the next landing, trying not to get left in the dust. "We'll make personal enquiries about Janet's past."

By the time we reached the highest walkway, we were both panting. No wonder Rise & Grinder always looked like it was struggling for funds -- getting there was a terrible workout with no caffeine in my system. Coffee Glitch, by comparison, was much less taxing on the thigh muscles.

But Rise & Grinder was not a bad place, even though it looked like one. It was marked by a flicking neon sign over a door hanging off its hinges. Inside, the full-length windows were speckled with dust, and scratched steel tables for two stood beside them. Synthwave music played over tinny speakers for customers who largely weren't there.



The name of the shop suggested that the owners had once hoped to draw in a young and hip crowd of body-hackers with glowing eyes and silver fingers, but the only patron was a middle-aged man ordering at the counter ahead of us. A low-definition screen displaying a menu was mounted on the wall, but I paid it no mind. I could smell the fresh chocolate muffins already.

While we waited, I turned to look at the view. Rise & Grinder was worth the climb, because you could see a huge portion of Socrico from its windows. Skyscrapers scrambled to get taller and taller before me, while trains whizzed past not so far above.

The family who ran the shop were lovely, too. The owner was a man named Merrick, and his children often helped out as baristas. He had two boys and a girl: Cadium, Indigo, and Emz. Indigo and Emz were sixteen-year-old twins who would be starting college in September, but Cadium was free from education and working out what to do next. At his request, I'd spoken to him in great detail about the police force, and the last I'd heard was that he'd applied to the local police academy. I was crossing my fingers for him.

My tabphone buzzed, and I dragged my gaze from the view to look at the screen. I had a message from Nina Howell, my best friend.

The Trials?! YOU HAVE TO TELL ME EVERYTHING!

The Trials?! YOU HAVE TO TELL ME EVERYTHING! I typed a quick promise to do so as the customer in front of us received his order and left. Then I stepped forward, glueing my eyes to the chocolate muffins below the counter. "Hi. Can I have two double espressos and two chocolate muffins, please?"

There was an awkward pause. Then a clear, careful voice said, "Yes. Are you eating in or taking them away?"

My head snapped up, and I met the gaze of Lonn's niece, Frankie Jarsdel. Her dark, brittle hair was scraped away from her head, and she was dressed in a grey blazer and t-shirt.

She smiled stiffly. "Good morning, Inspector."

"Morning. I didn't realise you worked here. Taking away, please."

"This is my first day." She shrugged and picked up a cardboard coffee cup. It was just brown -- they didn't print moving images on them here. "I realised that my allowance from Janet will be smaller now, so I'll need a job if I want the money to party on a weekend. And the owner needed someone desperately."

I frowned. "What's happened to Cadium? Did he get into police academy?"

Frankie looked at me blankly. "I guess so, if it's his place I'm filling. Please pay for your order using the eye-scanner at the end of the counter."

I moved down to the counter and paid, Alex following me like a shadow. Frankie completed the rest of our order. She laid our coffees on the counter first, then put two chocolate muffins in a recycled paper bag and thrust it at me. We left.

Outside, I bit into a chocolate muffin. "That was weird. Her uncle died on Thursday, and she's already decided to be practical and get a job for party money. And there's something about her attitude..."

Alex sipped his coffee with a deep frown, looking very much like a brooding artist. Or, as he was looking so sexy in his suit, a sophisticated billionaire. Although his earpiece possibly ruined that picture. "She's not grieving. She won't miss him. Whatever remorse she briefly showed us when we first met her was an act."

"Maybe she was just putting in an appearance at all those family dinners because of the allowance they paid her. Perhaps later --"

Alex's earpiece buzzed. We stopped at the top of the stairs, and he tapped it twice to answer the call. I watched him like a hawk.

"O'Sullivan speaking." His eyes narrowed as he listened to the caller, who could only be a PRB if they weren't consulting me.

I scarfed my muffin and made gestures for him to hurry up, not that he could do anything about it.



Eventually, he said, "Take a photo of Exhibit 23B. Send it to my tabphone." Then he ended the call.

I passed him the remaining chocolate muffin. "What was that about? What do you need a photo of Janet's letter for?"

He shifted the muffin and coffee cup into one hand and turned me around by the shoulder. "I know we should really have our spyware on for this, but we need to talk to Frankie. The PRBs finally found something -- one small news report. Two years ago, Frankie had a boyfriend named Paris Abel. He went missing. It was a quiet affair because he was a 'reckless boy' who had a track record of running away from home. He never returned."

I quickened my pace. "Okay, maybe we're getting somewhere. Someone thinks Lonn and Janet killed Paris. Someone like Frankie."

We jogged across the rattling metal pathway and burst back into Rise & Grinder.

Frankie was still behind the counter, typing on her tabphone. She looked up and scowled. "What are you --"

"We'd like a word, please," I said. "It's important."

Alex put his own tabphone in front of her, a photo of the letter displayed on the screen. "Do you recognise this?"

It seems to be human nature to revert to denial as soon as things look black against you. Everything, however small, that a person perceives might be taken the wrong way is covered up, argued against, or played down when we question them. But when Frankie's gaze landed on the screen, she did the unexpected.

She burst into tears. "Yes, I wrote it."

"Frankie," I said, "I think it would be best if you accompanied us to the station."

***

Half an hour later, Alex and I were sitting in an interview room with Frankie Jarsdel, suited up in our spyware. We now had the real version of Janet's letter, so once I'd said what I needed to for the official cameras, I slid it across the table. "Frankie, do you confirm that you wrote this?"

Her nonplussed mask was back. "Yes."

I left it in front of her because I'd committed the words to memory. Janet, did you think it was all over now that I've gone beyond the grave? We have not been silenced. Whispers can pass through the veil, and fear will not stop me from telling the truth now. The world will know what we did to him. And what you did to me. Once, a murderer. Twice, a monster. Love, Your Dearly Deceased Lonn.

Janet, did you think it was all over now that I've gone beyond the grave? We have not been silenced. Whispers can pass through the veil, and fear will not stop me from telling the truth now. The world will know what we did to him. And what you did to me. Once, a murderer. Twice, a monster. Love, Your Dearly Deceased Lonn. "Could you explain why, please?" I asked.

She scowled. "Janet must have helped them to kill Paris."

" Them ?"

Them "My mother and Lonn. I know for certain that they killed Paris. I just can't work out where they put him."

they "How do you know they killed him?" I asked cautiously.

"Because of this." She delved into the handbag at her feet and drew out a real paper notebook, leather-bound. "My mother's diary. She only covers one topic in these pages."

She dropped it on the table, and the whole structure shook. I exchanged a curious look with Alex and peeled back the front cover.





Saturday 21st August 2184

Saturday 21st August 2184 Saturday 21st August 2184 I helped to kill a man today.

I helped to kill a man today. No, not a man. He was just a boy. Sixteen.

No, not a man. He was just a boy. Sixteen. I asked Lonn to scare him because I knew that he hit Frankie. I recognised the signs. But she always denied it and said that she loved him. I couldn't persuade her to leave him. So I did the next best thing.

I asked Lonn to scare him because I knew that he hit Frankie. I recognised the signs. But she always denied it and said that she loved him. I couldn't persuade her to leave him. So I did the next best thing.

What I thought was the next best thing.

What I thought was the next best thing. I asked Lonn to put the fear of God in him. But Paris was the Devil.

I asked Lonn to put the fear of God in him. But Paris was the Devil. It all got out of hand.





It all got out of hand.





In the corner of my eye, Alex's jaw tightened. Sixteen. The age of his cousin when she'd been murdered.

Sixteen. I flipped through the pages, scanning rambling passages detailing Mrs Jarsdel's guilt and the consequential grief of Frankie as she realised that it was highly unlikely her missing boyfriend was going to come home. It was like a hundred visits to a confession box gathered together on paper. "When did you get this?"

"After my mother died, when I was sorting through her things." Frankie's lips thinned. "I'm glad she's dead. I hate her."

"Why didn't you bring this to us right away?"

"I wanted Lonn convicted, but I knew that this wasn't enough. I didn't want to bring it and then be laughed away. I had to bring it when I was ready."

"Is there any mention of Janet?" I reached the end of the notebook and skimmed through it again, backwards. Her name didn't jump out at me.

"No."

"So why do you think she was involved?" Alex asked.

Frankie spread her hands. "She's his wife! She must have known, and that makes her a murderer, too. Lonn never had a drinking problem until he killed Paris. It was a sign of his guilt -- and guilty people say things." She hesitated. "Or so I thought."

"What was the letter supposed to do?" I asked. "Scare her? Or warn her that she would be next?"

Frankie frowned. "Next?"

"Did you kill your uncle?"

Her mouth fell open. "No! I wanted legal justice. I wanted the world to know what he'd done. I just needed a bit more time. There was something -- something I was trying to work out. The route to Paris' body. If I'd found him before Lonn's death, I would have turned the diary in." She pointed at another passage. "Look, there's a riddle."

legal Start at the houses for the bright where flames are fanned or snuffed. Follow the path of fate to the vault of the highest prestige. Turn westward until you arrive in a land of dogs' sabatons. Walk thirty paws down a tunnel of jaws to reach the tears of the underground. There he lies, in chains.

Start at the houses for the bright where flames are fanned or snuffed. Follow the path of fate to the vault of the highest prestige. Turn westward until you arrive in a land of dogs' sabatons. Walk thirty paws down a tunnel of jaws to reach the tears of the underground. There he lies, in chains. I passed the book back. "And you think it's a route to Paris' body?"

She raised an eyebrow, her gaze cool. "What else would it be?"

"A bluff," Alex said. "Why would she want the body to be found?"

"Because she felt guilty! That's why she wrote all of this."

"Not guilty enough to turn herself in." Alex looked at the diary with disgust. "Or write in plain language where they put him."

Had Frankie been a deer, I think she would have leaned across the table and locked horns with my sergeant.

"Have you worked any of the clues out?" I asked.

"Most of them." She flipped her hair over her shoulders. " 'Start at the houses for the bright where flames are fanned or snuffed.' That has to be a university. Initially, I thought it meant Socrico University, but the clue after that only makes sense if it's being literal and talking about Bright Light. You led a murder inquiry in February that involved a girl who died there ages ago, right? Ripley Lewis. So I thought she was a snuffed flame, and the people who go on to be successful are fanned."

'Start at the houses for the bright where flames are fanned or snuffed.'

"Okay," I said. "And the next clue?"

" 'Follow the path of fate to the vault of the highest prestige.' A vault of prestige sounds like a successful bank, and if you were to follow a path of fate from Bright Light University to one of the most prestigious banks in the city, you would go to Duty Bank. It's the one Zed Croft used to run. He's an example of a flame who was fanned at the university."

'Follow the path of fate to the vault of the highest prestige.' "And the final clues?" Alex asked.

"I don't know." Frankie's shoulders slumped. " 'Turn westward until you arrive in a land of dogs' sabatons. Walk thirty paws down a tunnel of jaws to reach the tears of the underground. There he lies, in chains.' "

'Turn westward until you arrive in a land of dogs' sabatons. Walk thirty paws down a tunnel of jaws to reach the tears of the underground. There he lies, in chains.' "I know." I traced my finger over the instructions. "Iron Paws Vets is to the west of Duty Bank -- that's the land of dogs' sabatons. And there's an alleyway nearby with brutal canine graffiti. That's the tunnel of jaws."

Frankie was frowning. "Iron Paws Vets? I tried looking up all the vets in the city, but I've never heard of that one."

"They don't have an online presence," I admitted. "The owner happens to be as terrible with technology as me..."

Alex almost smiled.

I stood up. "There's a shallow stream at the end of the alley, so I suppose we'd better go and have a look at it. Come on, both of you."

Frankie stared at me. "You mean -- you're not..."

"Holding you here?" I tucked the diary under my arm. "Frankie, I'm very interested in you. But your letter isn't much evidence in the English courts. So, no." I turned away. "It's time to close a different case."

***

Iron Paws Vets was close enough for us to walk to. Frankie insisted on leading the way, following my spoken instructions as Alex and I followed behind. For now, it was just the three of us -- I wanted to check out the scene before we called anyone in to drag the river. My memory of the alley and what lay beyond it was a little fogged.

Frankie's stride slowed as we passed the neon sign for Iron Paws Vets, hardly noticeable in the summer light. I fell into step beside her. "Can you see the mouth of the alleyway ahead?"

The scene around us didn't seem to ring true to our situation. In the daylight, the street brought the word quiet to mind rather than deserted, and the gap opening up between the skyscrapers didn't look like much. Artificial sunlight glinted off the windows around us, and while there was no breeze, the air was perfect in temperature. But a grave atmosphere had fallen over us. If what Mrs Jarsdel had written was true, we were very close to Paris Abel.

quiet deserted, "I see it." Frankie looked back at me. "That's the tunnel of jaws?"

"Yes." I brushed past her. "I'll take the lead now. Sergeant O'Sullivan will bring up the rear."

We turned into the alley. It was covered over and so narrow that you couldn't swing a rat around by its tail -- although rats had certainly been down there, because it stank of their excrement. Naked lamps screwed into the ceiling shone harsh spotlights on the graffiti. Pit bulls tore children apart and dobermans bared their bloodied jaws. KILL THE DOGS and SAVE YOUR FAMILY WITH MECHANICALS were splashed across the walls.

KILL THE DOGS SAVE YOUR FAMILY WITH MECHANICALS We emerged in a courtyard the size of a cardboard box. It was surrounded by chain-link fences, separating it from the neighbouring buildings and making it unclear which one, if any of them, it had once belonged to. Clearly, none used it now. Not even a skip occupied the space.

A narrow stream was running horizontally to us, curving between the buildings. Though the current was feeble, I saw that it was deep. We fanned out and approached it. When we were just a few metres away, my boots slipped on the wet stones.

Alex caught me before I could plunge into the filthy water. "Amber! Are you trying to kill yourself?"

He put me on my feet again and kept his arm around my waist. Frankie watched the stream, her eyes dull. "He's somewhere down there. In that dirty water."

The stream bubbled gently, as if it was trying to comfort her. He's safe with me.

He's safe with me. Alex was the first to move. "I'll make the call."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 44


"Let me get this straight." Dixon stopped in front of us, his feet planted wide. "I've just had the privilege of deploying half the force to drag up the skeleton of a physical abuser and control the resulting media frenzy. The murderer can't be brought to justice because he's dead, but this will open an inquiry anyway. To top it off, this hasn't accumulated any new evidence for our current inquiry. All you have from it is a notebook full of babble."

My gaze drifted to the scene behind him. Men and women in wetsuits were climbing out of the stream and starting the long process of packing up their equipment. Cassia was standing at the edge of the water with a forensic anthropologist, because Paris was, indeed, just a skeleton.

Finding him hadn't helped our current case, and it had cost us time and resources, and it was going to cost us more by opening a new inquiry. But it had needed doing, both from a policing point of view and a personal one.

DC Laney was in charge of Frankie, and she would have a long afternoon taking a complicated statement, starting with the relationship and ending with the letter. But for now, Frankie was standing as close to the skeleton of her boyfriend as she was allowed. Behind us, journalists and TV reporters were squawking in the mouth of the alley, but she didn't once turn her head towards the commotion. She didn't look at the divers, she didn't look at Cassia, and she didn't look at us. She only had eyes for Paris.

Alex and Sebastian were standing with me, both of them equally distracted. Sebastian was watching Cassia. Alex was deep in thought, examining something only he could see.

I was the first person to drag their gaze back to our governor. "Yes, sir."

Dixon folded his arms. "You do remember what the golden hour is, don't you, Amber?"

"They're a long way past that, sir," Sebastian said.

"And getting further by the minute!" Dixon fixed me with a glare. "If you don't have enough evidence to charge Frankie, go and bloody get some! That's what search warrants are for."

Beside me, Alex inhaled sharply as if someone had just pulled the plug on his thoughts. He squinted at me, his gaze a question.

I shrugged. "That's what I was planning on doing next."

We made an about-turn and crossed the small courtyard to the mouth of the alley. Alex lowered his voice as we put the others behind us. "At least this might be the start of some closure for Frankie. I think that's worth something."

"I know you do. I think it, too."

"I was also thinking that it's strange you know about this place."

"It's right next to Iron Paws. I've always known about it."

We entered the alley. Alex glanced over his shoulder. "I don't think you can see the river from the street. You don't make a habit of coming down here on your own, do you?"

"Not anymore. I used to come down here as a teenager with my boyfriends. It was a secluded place for a goodbye kiss. Or a hello kiss. Whatever."

Alex's eyes darkened. "I thought you were a terror at school?"

"Some boys like a bad girl."

"Do they, now?" His heated gaze met mine.

We slowed to a stop. A tabphone camera flashed.

I realised that we were just five feet away from the journalists, and I stepped back. "Not here. Come on."

***

By the time we turned up at Janet Temple's flat with an army of PRBs and a search warrant, it was the afternoon. Janet seemed lost for words when we explained what we were there for, but she duly pointed out Frankie's room. Alex and I took two of the PRBs straight inside, leaving the others to search the rest of the flat.



Janet finally found her voice as she drifted down the hallway after us. "You won't find anything in there."

She wasn't joking.

The room was a moderate size. A double bed was pushed against the far wall, with a large wardrobe, chest of drawers, dressing table, and desk arranged around it. But the bed was stripped and the pine surfaces were clear. I would bet the drawers were also empty.

I stepped aside. "Alex, tell the PRBs to search it anyway. I'll explain things to Mrs Temple."

Janet took me into the only room that wasn't being searched yet: the kitchen. It was similar in style to Petr and Nora's, but instead of papers and washing up, it contained a storm of sewing supplies. The central island was covered in swathes of red velvet with paper patterns pinned to them. She pulled a stool out and sank onto it. "I saw on Xplora that you've found a body. You think it's Paris Abel's...?"

Hello, Clyde.

Hello, Clyde. "That's right." I sat down. "We haven't officially confirmed his identity yet, but it's where the directions led us."

officially Alex entered the room, black nitrile gloves already pulled over his long fingers. I nodded discreetly, and he opened the nearest cupboard door.

"Directions?" Janet asked. "What directions?"

"Are you aware of the truth behind Paris Abel's murder?"

She shook her head. "He went missing. No one knows the truth."

"Your husband did." I watched her carefully. "We have evidence to believe that he murdered Paris."

Janet paled. "What?"

"Your sister-in-law kept a diary confessing it all. She witnessed Lonn beating Paris to death."

"No." Janet shook her head. "Not my Lonn..."

"Frankie read the diary not long after her mother passed away, and she believes Lonn told you the truth. Did he?"

" No! " Janet yanked a scrap of velvet towards her and frantically unpicked the pins, her fingers trembling. A few long seconds ticked past. Then she raised her head. "Did Frankie send me the letter?"

No! "I'm afraid so."

The pins came out more violently, but her voice lowered to a murmur. "No..."

"Frankie doesn't appear to be as close with you as you led us to believe. She comes back to eat with you every Thursday night without fail and she flew in here like a hurricane on Friday. But she doesn't actually care that Lonn's dead, and you've stripped her room bare. Has everything just been for show?"

Janet's fingers stilled over the fabric. She slowly laid the last pin down. "Never on my part. I've tried so hard to make Frankie feel welcome here, even though she's always been distant at best and prickly at worst. I thought it was grief until now."

"Then why does she come home from university every Thursday night?"

"The regular dinners were my idea. I thought she would change with time as she settled in. But she's quiet whenever she comes, and in the holidays, she keeps to herself. She never even unpacks her belongings. The only time she ever comes out of her shell is when Nora visits -- Nora Fitzroy. I assume you've met her at the lab? She was Lonn's assistant."

Alex rummaged around on the counters in the corner of my eye.

"We've met her," I said.

"She drops in every now and again on a weekend, and she occasionally attends the Thursday dinners when her husband is out. Frankie's interested in her work, and she's closer to Nora than she was to us. I suppose I see why, now. Nora has nothing to do with Paris and our family."



Behind her, Alex slammed the last cupboard shut and shook his head at me.

Frankie had erased herself from this flat. We weren't going to find anything.

***

Our second search warrant was for a dorm at Socrico University. It was part of a six-bedroom same-sex flat and locked by a fingerprint system. Alex miraculously overrode it even though he'd lost all the colour in his cheeks on the walk to campus.

As the windowless door swung open, I put my hands on my hips. "Alex, sit down and stay still. I'll search by myself."

Not much wider than a cupboard but unusually deep, Frankie's dorm room felt claustrophobic even before the clutter was considered. Clothes were leaking out of her wardrobe, a glass beaker was bursting with pens, and hair accessories were hanging from the bed's headboard like fabric wind chimes. She'd crammed her whole life into the space.

Alex advanced into the room, past a door on the right that made the front end slimmer still. The space widened a fraction further in, and he sat down on the single bed in the corner. He immediately raised the pillows and looked underneath them. "We're not going to find anything."

"Probably not." I thumbed through a stack of leaflets advertising Rise & Grinder on Frankie's desk. When I put them down, I knocked a huddle of red lipsticks across the surface. "Oh, fuck. How does she find anything in this mess?"

"She's in her first year. So she's eighteen, or maybe nineteen now."

"Does that give her superior searching skills?" I arranged the lipsticks again and swept a few envelopes aside. They revealed an old tablet, the battery flat. Preferring to write on paper was another thing she'd inherited from her uncle.

"No," Alex said, "it means that, while she has a motive, she can't have killed Lonn. She's very small and slim, and it wasn't a quick attack. Lonn struggled violently against his murderer -- and lost."

"It's a good point." I flung open the wardrobe doors and rummaged through the mess of clothes inside. "But no one's coming off the table until we have more evidence."

"And we've got nothing."

I emerged from the wardrobe empty-handed. "Exactly. God , if we just had one more piece of evidence, it would really go a bloody long way."

God ***

At the end of the day, we returned our spyware to Sten. He said nothing to indicate how he thought we were doing, but I didn't need him to. We would fail if we didn't close the investigation, and the investigation was going nowhere.

It was still bright when we went outside -- and Alex was still pale. His complexion under the artificial lights made him look like a vampire. I linked our hands together with a sigh. "Maybe you should go home and have an early night."

"I'll be fine in half an hour, I promise."

"I know, but it surely must leave you exhausted. And we didn't exactly rest last night." I rushed on with the next bit before he could use that to make me change my mind. "Anyway, I promised Nina that I'd have a catch-up with her, and I need to check on Cassia."

"In other words, you're just too busy to have me." He smiled. "Fine. But I'll still walk you home."

We made the journey in a companionable silence not broken until we reached my block and entered the lift. Just as the doors were closing, Alex's tabphone buzzed. He fished it out, and his gaze softened as he read the message. Then he looked back at me with a mischievous grin.



I felt as if I'd missed a joke that I'd been the butt of. "What?"

"My parents have taken some time off work, and they're coming to Socrico tomorrow. They want to be here when our results are announced." His grin widened. "They're staying at The Diamond Hotel, and they've already booked a table in the restaurant for six o'clock tomorrow night. They're looking forward to meeting you."

"What?" Cold shock descended over me. It was swiftly broken down by panic. "Tomorrow? That's not nearly enough time!"

"For what?" He typed out a reply as the lift doors opened.

"To prepare myself!" My voice was turning shrill. "What are you telling them?"

"That we'll be there." He slid his tabphone into his pocket and dragged me out of the lift. "I had no time to prepare myself when I met your mother. I was carrying your bleeding cat in my coat when she suddenly appeared."

I laughed softly. "Yeah, but Mitzy was getting all the attention then, not you. God, what are they going to say to me?"

While I knew that Alex had their support for the Trials, I wasn't sure if it extended to me. I had, after all, led my sergeant astray.

"They'll love you," Alex said. "If you'd like to make things fair, I could ask them to rearrange the booking for a larger table. I rarely see Cassia unless there's a dead body involved, and I've never talked with your mother for longer than ten minutes. And I've only met your father once."

My heart warmed. That meeting with my father had happened after I'd asked Alex to fix the family tablet. We'd taken it to my parents' flat together, and my sergeant and my father had got along well.

"It's okay," I said. "I'll meet them alone. But... if they like me and if we have a good result to celebrate when the Trials are over, maybe we can bring both families together."

if if "I think they'd like that. If we pass, they'll become one family anyway." He put his hands on my waist. " Our family."

Our His words only had a second of processing time, and my heart was in the middle of doing a flip when he kissed me.

The world narrowed, but what I lost in outside awareness was found internally. A shiver rushed through my body, then balled into a fire that nestled low in my pelvis. I was sure that my knees would have given out if Alex hadn't been holding onto me.

Eventually, he pulled back. And staggered.

I grabbed him again, torn between amusement and concern. "I feel the same way. Are you all right?"

"Are you sure you want me to leave after that?" He braced his free hand against the wall and took a deep breath.

sure "Well, I am worried about you walking home now. You could come in and lie down until you feel better."

His eyes darkened. "Just lie down? I don't think I could promise that today." He backed off. "I'd better go."

"Are you sure that you'll be okay?"

"Yes." He grinned wickedly. "As long as I don't kiss you again."

***

In between feeding Mitzy, showering, and worrying about whether Alex had got home without fainting, I attempted to call Cassia. She was either ignoring me or finishing an unexpected post-mortem because she wouldn't pick up.

Clyde was eager to talk, though. Rumours are flying about your Trial. Why don't you give me an exclusive to set the record straight?

Rumours are flying about your Trial. Why don't you give me an exclusive to set the record straight? I gave my tabphone the middle finger, before briefly abandoning it to make a cup of tea and find some chocolate. When I sat back down, I called Nina.



My best friend picked up on the first ring. Her hair was woven into her trademark plaits, and she was chilling out in her living room in a lilac tank top and denim shorts. She sat up properly and brought her tabphone so close to her face that she almost went cross-eyed. "The Trials!"

I tried to keep my lips straight. "Is that a new greeting I'm not aware of?"

"Fine." Her voice was tinged with amusement. "Hello, how are you, etcetera. Now tell me about the Trials."

I released my tabphone so that it was hovering in the air. "I wish there was a lot to tell. As per usual, the investigation is far from being a walk in the park. It feels like we're running around in circles."

"Fill me in as if I don't know a thing." Nina reclined on a sofa. "The article didn't tell me much."

"You mentioned that you've been busy."

"Yeah, I've been working overtime."

"Where?"

"Cheeky!" She winked. "At the station, obviously. Well, and a little in the bedroom. Erin's very --"

little I covered my ears. "I wish I'd never said anything! I've already heard far more about your antics in the bedroom than any best friend should."

Nina grinned. "Okay, I'll let you take back the floor. Tell me about the investigation."

"The victim was stabbed to death. We still haven't arrested anyone -- but we did find a skeleton in a stream today."

"Whoa! You've skipped from the beginning to the end."

"Now you're hooked."

"I was hooked anyway. Now I'm just confused. How did you get from Victim One to Victim Two?"

Now "He's not exactly Victim Two. He's Victim One of a different murder that happened two years ago. His name is Paris Abel, and our Victim One beat him to death. We have someone in mind who might have killed our victim in revenge. On the other hand, he might have been murdered for his position at work or for his money. Who bloody knows?"

our or "Business as usual, then. And how are you performing on the relationship front?"

I bit my lip. "I don't know. We have to wear video-recording contact lenses, microphones, bracelets to monitor our heart rates and blood pressure, and electrodes to monitor some of our brain activity. Alex has been experiencing side effects from the video contacts. So we argued a bit about that at first. Today was all right, though -- apart from possibly being the least progressive one yet." I stopped, remembering my new problem. "Oh, and his parents have fucking invited me to eat dinner with them tomorrow! What am I going to do?"

tomorrow! Nina, bless her, didn't miss a beat. "Can't you record what you're doing some other way?"

"No. Sten won't let us."

"Okay. Then I guess all you can do is try to look after Alex, which I know you will have been. You're a big softie. And why wouldn't his parents like someone who cares for him so deeply? All you need to do when you meet them is be yourself and not panic."

"Nina, I am panicking!"

am "I know," she said patiently. "But why?"

"They're supporting Alex because they love him, but what if they hate me for striking up this relationship with him and landing us both in trouble?"

me "It takes two to tango."

"Sometimes people forget that. Besides, I'm his superior. Technically, I should have known better."

"Alex is capable of making his own decisions, and he chose you." Nina grinned. "Look, if all else fails, just focus your mind on the food, okay? They probably do some kind of chocolate pudding. Where are you going?"

"The Diamond Hotel."

Her eyes widened. "No way! I heard it's lost some of its popularity since the murders. You can't really use them as a tourist attraction when the blood's barely dried on the floor. Maybe his parents didn't hear about it?"

"They must have. Even if they hadn't seen it on Xplora, Alex would have told them something. Either they don't care, or they think it's weirdly sentimental." I thought of our date at The Silver Star and the fondness I'd felt just looking at the door to the balcony. "Maybe it is. The day we arrested Jasper Jaydes there was also the day when we decided we were doing this."

must It was also the day when we'd both almost been shot and I'd fallen down a flight of stairs...but never mind.

"Positive thinking! Great." Nina cleared her throat. "I'm trying so hard not to laugh right now, you know. You sound like a blubbering teenager going on her first date."

"Shut up."

"I'm serious. You're losing yourself. Just be Amber . Alex fell in love with you despite everything your relationship was risking. His parents will know that means you're a very special person."

Amber My tabphone buzzed, and a message from the man himself briefly shared the screen with Nina. I made it home alive. ;)

I made it home alive. ;) I smiled.

"That's him, isn't it?" Nina grinned. "I'll leave you to reply."

She ended the call.

"But we didn't even talk about your work!" I said to the empty screen.

your It seemed only Alex wanted to talk now. I resigned myself to a reply. Did you get lost on the way?

Did you get lost on the way? Very funny, he messaged back. I came in and fell asleep before I remembered to tell you.

Very funny, I came in and fell asleep before I remembered to tell you. I typed, Don't know if I should feel offended or concerned. T_T

Don't know if I should feel offended or concerned. T_T Or exhausted myself. I stretched out on the sofa and yawned, suddenly realising just how tired I was. Perhaps I could close my eyes for five minutes...



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 45


I woke up under a cloud of confusion. My bed was lumpy, my eyes had opened to see my living room walls, and it was still light.

It took me a moment to remember my vow to have a nap on the sofa. When I did, I sat up and swiped my tabphone from the coffee table, my muscles burning.

The time was 6:38 a.m., Monday.

Shit . No wonder I had a crick in my neck -- I'd been lying on my sofa for twelve hours.

. My stomach growled, reminding me that the last thing I'd eaten had been lunch. A slab of chocolate was still on the table, so I ate more than my recommended intake and then sloped into the bathroom. My mind felt rested, but a hot shower did little to relieve my physical aches and pains.

I decided the next answer was coffee, so once I'd dressed, I trudged to Rise & Grinder in the hope that they opened insanely early on a Monday morning. Upon finding that they did, I bought one medicoffee, one double espresso, and a chocolate muffin from Merrick. I'd eaten the muffin long before I reached the ground.

At twenty past seven, I turned down the station road and was surprised to see Alex nearing the end of it. He stopped by the door and waited for his face to be scanned, and I hurried to catch up with him. My timing was perfect. The door had risen halfway when I reached it, so I ducked under without breaking my stride.

And immediately regretted it. Pain shot from my neck to the small of my back, and I cursed loudly.

Alex appeared beside me a moment later, looking bemused. "Good morning. Are you all right?"

I shoved his coffee into his chest. "I might have fallen asleep on the sofa. Don't. Comment. "

Don't. Comment. "I wasn't going to." His lips twitched.

We reached the interactive glass divider between the lobby and the rest of the station, but before we could be scanned, I heard the door rise again behind us. I glanced over my shoulder to see which member of staff was coming in.

Two PRBs arrived, escorting Floppy Hat -- Becky Elwyn. One of them pointed into the lobby, and then they walked away. She tugged on her blonde hair nervously before her gaze landed on us. "Oh, Inspector Rames! You have to help!"

She scurried over, and Alex turned around to see what was happening. By the time Becky reached us, she had our full attention.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Frankie's gone missing!" Her eyes were wide. "She messaged me yesterday afternoon to say that she'd finished giving her statement about everything that happened with Paris, and she was just going to run an errand before she came back to the flat. But she never came back!"

I exchanged a glance with Alex.

"Try to stay calm," I said. "Do you know what the errand was?"

"No! She just said an errand, that's it. She won't respond to any of my messages, and none of my calls are going through. I looked for her yesterday evening all over campus. She's not with any of her classmates, and she wasn't in the cafeteria. I checked that she wasn't with Janet, I checked the city library, I checked Underworld Eclipse, I checked where Paris was found. And I got up really early this morning and checked everywhere again, and she's not anywhere! "

anywhere! Alex looked at me. "Rise & Grinder?"

"No. Merrick was serving today." I turned back to Becky. "Stay here for a minute while we go in and find a constable. They'll take you down to an interview room and help you file a missing persons report. Alex and I will start looking alone in the meantime."



***

Once we'd sent DC Laney out to Becky and we'd suited up in our spyware, we went to our office. Alex started tracking Frankie's tabphone while I video-called Socrico Train Station.

I had to wait in a long phone queue, but eventually, a familiar train conductor filled the screen. "Oh, Inspector Rames! Good morning."

"Morning, Niko. Can I ask a favour? It's a police matter."

"Ask away," Niko Fowler said.

"Have you sold any tickets to a woman named Frankie Jarsdel in the past twenty-four hours?"

"I'll have a look for you." He picked up another tablet from his desk and checked. "No, we haven't."

"Could you put a forty-eight hour travel ban on her, please? And if she attempts to buy a ticket, we need to be alerted immediately."

"Certainly." He typed again. "All sorted."

"Thank you." Now we knew Frankie was definitely somewhere in Socrico, and that was where she'd stay.

Alex caught my eye as I ended the call. "The tracking's failed."

The optimism I'd just gained turned into dust. "Damn! She must have turned her tabphone off."

"Or worse." His mouth was set in a grim line. "She might not be trying to evade us, Amber."

"I know." I searched for a different Xplora profile on my tabphone. "I'm going to ring around Socrico Hospital and all our walk-in clinics."

I started another video-call and stretched my back while I waited for someone to pick up. Alex crossed the room and stood behind me. It was just as well, because the receptionist who answered was a robot.

My sergeant didn't even wait for me to send him The Look. "Socrico Police. Has a patient named Frankie Jarsdel been admitted to your hospital?"

The robot's eyes rolled back in its head, and I shuddered. They quickly rolled back. "We have no patient in the hospital by that name. Can I help with anything else?"

"No," Alex said.

I ended the call and tried to stretch my neck out again. "Damn."

"I can help with that." Alex's hands landed on my shoulders.

Thinking he couldn't be serious, I kept my attention focused on my tabphone. "Please do."

His hands slid up to the base of my neck, and he pressed his fingers against my muscles.

I stilled. "What are you doing?"

"Giving you a massage." Amusement crept into his voice.

I found the profile of the nearest walk-in clinic, but I hesitated over making the call. His work was already relieving some of the ache, and it felt good. I closed my eyes. "You need to stop. We'll be getting weird looks when the receptionist picks up."

His fingers moved further down, rubbing my back. I sighed happily, and he laughed under his breath before pulling away.

I cracked open one eye, instantly missing his touch. "You can carry on afterwards, though."

***

My video-calls all brought me to the same conclusion: no one had seen Frankie since she'd left the police station yesterday.

I decided it was time to forget massages and venture onto the streets. In fact, I had one street in mind that she might have visited between Becky's checks.



The electro-tape across the mouth of the alley had been cut, the scene already released as if half the force had never been down there. The eyes of the murderous dogs spray-painted across the walls seemed to glint and glow beneath the artificial lamps, warning us not to interfere again.

When we emerged from the alley, the stream at the far end of the courtyard roared. No trace of the divers, the pathologists, or the police had been left behind, and despite the warm air, I shivered.

Alex took my hand as we crossed the damp cobbles, holding on tightly like he could feel the eerie atmosphere. Or maybe he just didn't want me to slip again.

We scanned the ground as we walked. Our eyes weren't as precise as those of the PRBs, but we didn't need any high-tech implants to see that there was nothing to help us. No torn scraps of fibre near the fencing, no rubbish suggesting Frankie had been here for a while, no hair ties or jewellery that had fallen from her wrists.

We came to a standstill beside the stream. I looked into the dark water and tried to imagine the splash as Paris had been pushed in. The jangle of the weights and chains wrapped around him. The stirring of the waters as he'd sunk to the bottom. Then the waves settling down again, keeping the secret beneath their surface.

I pictured Frankie standing there, trying to imagine the same thing.

" Is this closure?" I murmured. "Or is this the final nail in the coffin?"

Is Alex turned towards me. "What do you mean?"

"Most people who go missing come home again. But if they don't, suicide is more common than murder."

He clenched his jaw, and his gaze drifted beyond me. "Is that a hole in the fence?"

I followed his eyes to the left. Just in front of the stream, the chain links at the bottom had been ripped open. The gap was tall enough and wide enough for a slim teenager to slip through.

"I'm sure that wasn't there when I was younger. It leads directly to the back of Iron Paws, look." I nodded at a similarly drab space on the other side of the fence.

"Why do I have a feeling you're going to crawl through?"

"Well, Frankie doesn't seem like the kind of girl to crawl, but if she did want to get away from someone quickly..." I shrugged and dropped to my knees.

did He shook his head in disbelief. "You're not going to fit through that."

"Watch me."

I examined the ragged edges around the hole for a moment, looking for a hair or a snagged thread. Finding nothing, I ducked my head and braced my palms against the soggy ground, squeezing through. The fence raked across my back, and then I was on the other side.

I stayed down for a long moment, scanning the ground behind me. Then I stood up and swept my gaze across the courtyard. "Nothing. We could get the PRBs out, but I don't think..."

The chain links rattled behind me, and Alex grunted. "What?"

I spun back on my heel. What I saw made me grin. "Look, even you can fit through."

Alex was on his hands and knees on my side of the fence. He slowly stood up and gave me a very dark look. Eventually, he turned his gaze on the bins, the yellow skip, and the single promising door.

"I don't think she's been here," I said. "So...our only way out is back under the fence or through Iron Paws."

"We should ask your mother if she's seen Frankie."

"Is that your way of telling me you don't want to crawl back?"

"I'm happy to make it very clear that I don't want to crawl back."

We approached the door together, and I knocked it as hard as I could. When it flew open, my mother was standing on the other side, dressed in scrubs. Her eyebrows rose, and I became aware of the dampness seeping into my legs and the mud stains on my jeans.

"Amber, Alex," she said. "This is a surprise. How on earth did you get back here?"

Alex sighed, and I grinned. "We'd better not talk about it. We'll traumatise him. Do you mind if we, er, pass through?"

"Of course not." She stepped back and let us in, then shut the door behind us. "Is there any particular reason why you were at the back of my surgery, or are you not allowed to talk about that, either?"

My humour faded. "We're looking for a missing person. I don't suppose you've seen a dark-haired teenage girl around here?"

"Not out the back, no." She led us through the corridor.

"Or in the surgery?"

"No. Sorry."

We passed into the waiting room at the front of the building, which was empty. Mom stopped by the door and turned to face us. "I know you two rarely have the time or the energy, but I'd really like us to have a family meal. Alex, if you wanted to come over tonight, I'm making cottage pie."

His expression finally lightened a touch. "Thank you, but I'm actually dining with my parents tonight. I suppose Amber's forgotten to mention that she'll be meeting them."

My mother looked at me sternly. "Yes, she has. To no great surprise. My daughter never tells me anything."

I blushed. "That's not quite true."

"Hmm." She pretended to look unimpressed for a moment longer before breaking into a smile. "Well, good luck. I'm sure you'll have a great time."

"I hope so."

"They'll love you," Alex promised. "They've been desperate to meet you for months."

Oh. I hadn't known that part. Help.

Help. My mother opened the door. "You'll have to tell me how it goes. In the meantime, good luck with the rest of your Trial. I think you're doing great."

"Thanks, Mom," I said as we filed onto the street.

When she'd shut the door behind us, Alex's expression darkened again. "I don't think Frankie's doing great. Where to now?"

I looked at the time on my tabphone. "If we go back to my original fact about missing people being found, Frankie will most likely be walking to Socrico University so that she'll be on time for her morning lectures. Maybe she just went MIA for the night to clear her head after the discovery of Paris' body."

"I hope so," Alex said. "But the more I think about it, the less likely it seems."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 46


Socrico University was coming to life when we arrived. Students hurried between the old buildings, their shorts pulled low, silk skirts swishing, and sunglasses tucked into v-neck tees. Most of them were clutching coffees -- the weird, iced kind.

I stopped one student and asked where Reception was. She pointed it out to us, and we went off to discover which lecture Frankie was scheduled to be in. When we had it, we tried to find it.

We eventually discovered the room at the heart of campus, on the ground floor of a building that looked like a church. Alex wrenched the lecture hall door open and went straight inside. I followed him.

Only a handful of students had arrived, and all of them twisted around to look at us. One was Jude Bray, sitting a few rows back from the front.

He sprung to his feet and came over when he saw us. It took a minute, because the room seemed large enough to hold a few hundred people.

He started talking when he was a few rows away. "Becky called and said that Frankie's gone missing. Is it true?"

All heads turned to us again. None of them were Frankie.

I pushed the door back open. "Why don't we chat outside?"

The three of us entered the hallway, Jude still talking. "You have to find her! Please ."

Please "Can you think of anywhere she might be?" Alex asked.

Jude shook his head. "She always turns up to her lectures early, and she's never skipped. She should be here right now."

"But if she was going to skip," I said, "do you have any idea at all where she would go?"

was "I don't think so."

"When did you last see her?"

"Saturday. We went into the city for the morning." He glanced down, then met my eyes again. "You saw us on our way out."

"When did you last have virtual contact with her?"

"Same day. I wanted to send her a message about Paris yesterday, but I didn't know what to say. So I thought I'd just talk to her about it this morning..." He pulled at the neck of his jumper.

"By the way," Alex said, "where were you on Thursday night, between seven and nine?"

Jude looked away. "At a friend's party. I can't remember exactly what time I got there or anything. Sorry."

I tucked my hands into my jeans pockets. "Does this friend have a --"

A gaggle of students pushed past us and entered the lecture theatre, and Jude's gaze moved over my shoulder. "My lecturer's here. You have my Xplora details now."

He pulled away, following the students inside. A much older man passed us and entered behind them, and then the door finally swung shut and stayed that way.

I started walking. "Right, let's go to the labs. If no one can tell us anything there, we'll oversee the search teams from the station. We need to get them doing flat to flat enquiries on this road, Flicker Street, and around by Iron Paws."

"We're not going to find her." Alex grabbed a swinging door in the middle of the hallway before it closed. As I passed under his arm, he looked at me. "I had this feeling when Lola went missing. I knew she wasn't alive."

"It's just fear," I said firmly. "Unless you're claiming to be an oracle, in which case I'd call you a liar."

A hint of a smile touched his mouth. "You don't believe in spiritual stuff? Fate and foresight?"



"Who does anymore?" I shot him a sidelong look. "Don't tell me you do."

"No." His smile vanished. "But I do believe in gut instincts."

***

We found Socrico University Research again and ascended to the first floor. Becky Elwyn was standing beside the entrance to Lab S, her back flat against the wall as she peered in.

She turned her head as we clanked to the top of the stairs, then drew away, her face red. "Um, hi."

"Shouldn't you be in morning lectures?" I asked.

"My first lecture is this afternoon, so I thought I'd carry on looking for Frankie. I know you're doing it now and you're better equipped and stuff, but I can't just sit around." She turned towards Lab S. "I thought Frankie might have come here to look at the crime scene if she was thinking about Lonn and Paris. But the tape's still across the door at the other end of the room."

"Yes," I said. "And there should be a PRB standing guard. It wouldn't have let her in." Hopefully.

"I know." Becky sighed. "Inspector, can I tell you something silly? I don't think it can really help, but I don't want to keep it to myself, either."

"Nothing would be silly. If you want us to find Frankie, you need to tell us everything you know."

"Okay." She took a deep breath. "I forgot about it when I was filling in the report, but I called Jude while I was walking back to ask if he'd seen her, and it reminded me. For a while, I thought Frankie and Jude had met here, in class. But they knew each other before that -- they went to the same secondary school and college. Jude was Paris' best friend."

Interest sparked. "She didn't tell us that. You think that has something to do with why she's gone missing?"

"It can't." Becky laughed uncertainly and looked down, linking her hands together. "I mean...I don't think so. Jude wouldn't hurt her. He's...he's in love with her."

"She thought Paris loved her, Becky," Alex said quietly. "But he hurt her. So tell us what's happened."

Colour crept up her neck and burned her cheeks, and she kept her eyes fixed to the ground. "I only met Frankie this year. I didn't know that Jude liked her at first. He says he's been in love with her forever, but...everyone has a little crush on her." She glanced up, then away again. "I kissed her in Underground Eclipse on the Friday night before last, and Jude went ballistic. I thought he was going to hit me. We'd all just had a bit too much to drink, though."

"Did he do anything to Frankie?" I asked.

"I don't know. We went our separate ways. She was really distant with me until this Saturday, and I didn't talk to Jude until Frankie gathered us together again and we tried to fill in the cracks." Becky sighed. "Even though he's long gone, all Frankie can think of is Paris. She doesn't want Jude or me as more than friends."

Alex frowned. " Did Jude hit you that night?"

Did Becky closed her eyes and swallowed hard. "No. But he did raise his fist to do it. I know he could have, and it makes me worried for her. And when I think about Paris, too...she attracts a rough crowd."

"You don't say," I murmured. "Alex, we'll have a quick look in the lab, and then we'll pull Jude out of his lecture and talk to him ag--"

"What's going on out here?"

We all jumped and turned back to Lab S. Nora Fitzroy, the new head researcher, was standing in the doorway with her hands on her hips. She straightened when her gaze landed on Alex and me. "Oh. Can I help you?"



Alex lowered his voice. "Becky, go back to your dorm and stay out of trouble."

We strode towards the lab.

"We came to have another look at the crime scene," I lied. "We won't be long. We're just after some inspiration."

"Are you still not getting anywhere?" Nora stepped back so that we could enter. "I heard you recovered the body of Paris Abel yesterday. Is it true what the articles on Xplora have been saying? Was Lonn somehow...? No, he can't have been."

Anger flared as I swept my gaze around the room. No statement had been made that even hinted at a connection between Lonn and Paris yet. Some journalist had been sticking their nose in far too deep -- it didn't take three guesses to work out who.

hinted But I never got to reply to Nora. As my gaze landed on Riannon Sotello, present and correct at her workstation, my tabphone and earpiece rang simultaneously. I tapped the device in my ear. "Rames speaking."

"Amber, this is Dixon. I have bad news."

My stomach dropped. " Please don't say what I think you're going to."

Please "We've just had a call from a lift maintenance team working at a building on Flicker Street. They've found the body of a girl matching Frankie Jarsdel's description at the bottom of the lift shaft."

***

The lift shaft was small. There was only enough room for the two of us, Cassia, and the body.

Frankie Jarsdel was sprawled on her side, her head twisted and her dark hair flung across her mouth. Hundreds of papers were scattered across the floor, and a lever arch folder was lying by her outstretched, stiff left hand.

Cassia was crouched beside her in a forensic suit. She looked up when we arrived, sympathy in her gaze. "I'm sorry."

Alex looked at the victim with shadowed eyes. "This shouldn't have happened."

"There's nothing you could have done. She died long before you knew she was missing -- between five and seven yesterday evening."

"Cause of death?" I asked.

"Probably her broken neck, but I can't say for sure yet. There are so many things an impact like this could have ruptured."

"Can you tell how she got down here?"

"You mean whether she jumped or whether she was pushed?" Cassia shook her head. "No. Is there CCTV in the corridors?"

"Nope." I looked at Frankie again, her face locked in a spasm of pain. My gaze drifted to the purple folder at her side and the river of papers we were standing in. "What's all this?"

"I'm the pathologist, not a PRB."

"Don't tell me you haven't been nosy."

She picked up the nearest paper and stood, offering it to me. "It's what you think it is."

Lab S, FFI was the title. I skimmed over equations and annotations I could make no sense of until I reached a promising word at the bottom. Cure.

Lab S, FFI Cure. I frowned. "What's Frankie doing with Lonn's missing work?"

"Where's her tabphone?" Alex asked abruptly.

Cassia delved into the pockets of Frankie's jeans. She pulled out a slim glass device, smashed beyond repair.

One clue gained, one clue destroyed.

"We need to look for a suicide note in these papers," I said.

Alex's jaw tightened. "I don't think this is suicide."



"We don't have the evidence to rule it out. Frankie could have opened the doors of a lift that wasn't working and jumped down the shaft. She'd just discovered the skeleton of her boyfriend. In a way, it was closure, but in a way it was also a fresh wound."

could My sergeant turned his back on me, looking over the papers as if he'd be able to discount the presence of a suicide note at a glance. I knew that discovering who'd murdered his cousin back in Rosek had brought him some closure, but I also knew that it had brought him new demons. It was the reason why he'd transferred to Socrico afterwards.

What if Frankie hadn't been able to cope with her demons?

I softened my tone. "Come on. You know I'm speaking the truth. Anyway, we have to follow procedure."

***

Three of us bagging the papers made the process faster, but it still took a good hour. Frankie couldn't be removed without disturbing the evidence, and so it wasn't until we were finished that she was taken. Alex and I followed later, without a suicide note.

We met Dixon in the lobby, looking remarkably calm. At least, calm compared to Alex, who'd ripped his top buttons open during the search and was flushed with agitation.

I explained everything we'd found at the crime scene. Dixon listened to it all without interruption. When I was finished, he said, "You might be close to finishing your investigation."

"Sir?"

He raised an eyebrow. "Don't tell me you believe someone could have wrestled her to the lift doors and pushed her down the shaft without making a commotion."

"You believe it was suicide, sir?"

"If Frankie was the murderer, you were starting to draw a net around her. And she knew it."

"We still don't have substantial evidence linking her to the crime."

"And there wasn't a note with her body," Alex added.

"Check upstairs in Janet Temple's flat. She might have left one there." Dixon lowered his voice. "Janet hasn't been informed yet."

Great.

Great. Alex took the stairs two at a time, his movements sharp with anger. I was left behind, and, sensing a tiring day ahead of me, I made no effort to catch up.

I found him waiting at the top of the first set of steps, his face pale and his breathing laboured.

"You look terrible," I said. "I can go up there and inform Janet on my own."

"I'll be all right. I think."

"That's very encouraging." I turned the corner to the next set of stairs and parked my bottom on the lowest one. "Let's just sit down for a minute."

He sank down beside me unsteadily. As he pressed a hand to his forehead, my heart ached. I wished now, more than ever, that I could take the pain away from him.

We sat in silence for a few minutes. Eventually, he lowered his hands and looked at me. "We were with Frankie yesterday morning. She was at the police station a few hours before she died. And we didn't even know she was in danger."

"So we couldn't have done anything." I leaned against him. "When we were working on The Diamond murders, Zed Croft and Evan Archer died right in front of me. Even when I was there at the time of death, I couldn't do anything. Sometimes our job is to protect people, but sometimes events can't be stopped. Then our only job is to pursue truth and justice."

there Alex sighed. "The truth is that this can't be suicide. The message Frankie sent to Becky suggests she was planning to return. And if she stole Lonn's work as a bluff to cover up her real motive, why would she make the jump with it?"

I smiled wanly. "Okay, fine. I guess if you don't think it's suicide, it's not suicide. Remember Ripley Lewis?"

He stared at me for a long moment. Then his lips quirked upwards. "That's dangerously close to calling me an oracle."

"If you were an oracle, I'm sure you'd tell me that we won't find a suicide note in Janet's flat. But I am going to ask you to check anyway." I stood up. "Can you manage the rest of the stairs now?"

He managed both to climb them and to leave me behind again. But he waited for me just before we reached Janet's floor, and we entered the hallway together.

and She wrenched the front door open before we reached it, her face pale. "Inspector Rames! What's going on? I can see police robots guarding the building from my bedroom window." She swallowed. "And one of Frankie's friends phoned and said she's gone missing..."

"Mrs Temple," I said quietly, "maybe we should go inside."

We edged over the threshold. I put my hand on Janet's shoulder, guiding her into the living room. "We'll have to ask you some more questions."

She sank onto a sofa and pressed her knuckles against her lips. She knew the reason why; knew and feared it at the same time. I could see it in her eyes.

Alex and I shared a look. I inclined my head towards the door, asking him to start searching for a note. Sparing him.

When he'd gone, I sat down beside Janet. "I'm sorry, Mrs Temple. Frankie's dead."

***

Fifteen minutes later, I handed Janet another tissue and tried to start my questioning for the third time. "Can you think of any reason why Frankie might have taken her own life, Mrs Temple?"

Again, Janet's sobbing increased, and she raised the tissue to her eyes. I waited.

At last, she shook her head.

"Did she make any contact with you yesterday?"

Another shake.

"Not even to talk about Paris?"

"No." Janet's voice was thick. "She wouldn't have wanted to. Not when she thinks it was Lonn who...did it."

"So when was the last time you were in contact with her?"

"Friday." Janet scrubbed her eyes and added, "Apart from the letter she sent."

"So the last time you saw her was when we came to talk about Lonn?"

saw More tears spilled over. Janet gulped and nodded.

"Do you know if Frankie had any enemies? Anyone who might have wished her harm?"

"I hardly even knew her friends."

"Do you know Jude Bray?"

"No." There was no flicker of recognition in her eyes.

Alex entered the room and stopped behind the opposite sofa. He caught my eye and gave a barely perceptible shake of his head. No note.

No note. I stood up. "Just one more question, Mrs Temple. Where were you between five and seven yesterday evening?"

"Here." Her voice shook. "Just sitting here and thinking about Lonn. I stayed here all night."

"So you would have known if Frankie had come in?"

"Yes. She didn't."

"Thank you." I hesitated. "Is there anyone you can call to stay with you?"

"No. I don't have anyone left." She lowered her head and pulled a sewing project across the table, the only lifeline remaining for her. "I just want to be alone."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 47


When we left the block on Flicker Street, we emerged in hot air and dazzling sunshine and walked to the nearest tram stop.

"We need to go back to the university and talk to Jude," I said. "He has a motive for Lonn's murder -- and he could have killed Frankie, too. Maybe they both planned for revenge but fell out afterwards. Maybe it was just Jude's idea, and then she realised it was him and called him out on it. Or maybe he was just feeling possessive."

both "That's a lot of maybes," Alex said. "What about Janet? If Frankie's errand was to confront someone, it could have been her. And she is living right next to the crime scene."

is "It's possible," I conceded. "But let's deal with Jude first. How are you feeling now?"

"A little better," he said, although he looked just the same.

"Do you think you'll be up to that meal later? Maybe you should just rest."

He smiled, one side of his lips rising a fraction higher than the other. "For a moment, I thought you were concerned about me."

"I am!"

"You're looking for an excuse not to meet my parents."

"Maybe." I picked at a loose thread on my jeans. "I'm nervous."

"I know you are. That's good."

"It doesn't feel good." I looked up and raised my eyebrows.

"It means you care. They'll sense that, and they'll like you."

We entered Socrico University's campus, and a gaggle of students in miniskirts passed between us. I dropped the subject.

We went to Reception again and requested Jude Bray's timetable. A quick glance over it told us that he'd been released from his morning lecture, so he could have been anywhere. But he was due in a practical soon. We'd catch him then.

"While we're waiting," I said, "we should find Nora Fitzroy again. If Janet's to be believed, she knew Frankie better then the Temples. She might be able to tell us something useful. And, anyway, I'd like to check on her after she overheard the bad news."

We found the research building and took the stairs to Lab S. The door was still propped open, so I poked my head inside. Everyone was working, goggles clipped over their eyes.

I frowned and looked them over again. No. Everyone but Nora was working.

Nora Riannon Sotello glanced up. Her lip curled. "If you're looking for the boss, she's slacking off in the cafeteria. She went down there for a glass of water when you left, and she still hasn't come back."

Everyone froze at their workstations. The tension in the air was so thick that even a train would have struggled to pass through it.

"Have you checked on her?" I asked.

"Why would I do that?" Riannon's eyes flashed. "I worked my arse off for Lonn, doing twice as much as her, but she gets his fucking job in the end. She can't even handle it! I'm running this lab. I'm doing all the extra work without the extra pay, while she sits down there and has, like, a fucking drink. I'm not playing nurse, too!"

I'm I'm "I think it would serve you well to remember that Nora has just recovered from breast cancer," I snapped, "and that she's lost two friends in the past week. She needs your support, not your criticism."

Riannon folded her arms. "Why do you care?"

"I care because I don't like your attitude. It's uncalled for. In any case, I've decided that I'd also like to speak to you."



"I'm too busy."

I stepped aside and gestured with my hand. "Get out here and answer my questions before I arrest you for perverting the course of justice."

She skulked out the door and slammed it behind her. "That's not very professional."

I cooled my tone. "Bitching about your boss to the rest of the room isn't professional either. Frankie Jarsdel was found an hour ago with her neck snapped like a twig. She was just nineteen. Some sensitivity about the incident would be appreciated."

Alex glanced down and cleared his throat. "How well did you know Frankie Jarsdel?"

"Not at all," Riannon said curtly. "That's dear Nora's territory. She was always the family friend Lonn looked on fondly. Meanwhile, I was just another minion."

"Did Frankie ever pop into the lab to see him?" I asked.

"No one's supposed to stick their nose in without permission, and no one really bothers. I don't even know what Frankie looks like."

"Did Lonn ever talk to you about her?" Alex asked.

"I just told you, didn't I? I was staff to him, nothing more. We were friendly as co-workers, but we weren't friends." She backed off and raised a cocky, oddly-shaped eyebrow. "Can I go now?"

"Where were you between five and seven yesterday?" I raised my voice as the distance between us grew.

"At home. And you won't find anything wrong with that alibi this time."

***

The staff cafeteria was based on the ground floor, at the end of the lobby. It was a bright, double-height room filled with enough glass tables to seat a few hundred people, but only a handful were there. I picked out Nora immediately, sitting near the automatic doors with her head down and her shoulders hunched.

We dropped onto the bench opposite her, and she looked up with red-rimmed eyes. Her expression slackened when they fixed on us. "Oh. Inspector, Sergeant."

"Hello," I said softly. "We're sorry for your loss."

She'd taken her lab coat off, and now she rooted around in the pocket of her trousers for a tissue. Her short hair fell over her eyes. "Thank you. This has all been so sudden. First Lonn...now Frankie."

"We need to talk about Frankie," I said. "We've come to understand that you were close to her. Closer than Lonn and Janet."

"I suppose. I only met her last year when her mother died and she went to stay at Lonn's flat. We always got along. Lonn did once confide that he thought she was only herself when I was there."

"So would you say that you and Frankie were close?"

"Well, I only saw her occasionally when I was invited to dine with them." Nora swallowed thickly. "But she was always a pleasure to talk to, and I'll miss her."

"Did you ever discuss personal matters?"

"No. Just our enthusiasm for biochemistry."

"So you don't know if she had any enemies?" I was beginning to feel like a broken tabphone voice-recorder.

"No. I don't know anyone she associated with apart from myself, Janet, and Lonn." She braced her elbows on the table and let her head fall into her hands. "Poor Janet. She never asked for any of this."

"Frankie told one of her flatmates that she was going to run an errand yesterday afternoon. Do you know what the errand might have been?"

Nora kept her head down for a long moment, seeming to collect herself. At last, she raised it. "No."



I sighed. "I'm sorry. I know our questions aren't helping, but I just have to ask one more thing. Where were you between five and seven yesterday evening?"

"At home with Petr."

"Okay. Thank you, Nora." I stood up. "We'll leave you in peace now."

***

A while later, we found ourselves standing outside a student lab. Dozens of them were squashed inside a towering building that looked older than Socrico itself. The archaic effect was ruined by the overpowering stink of methane and burned gauzes.

While I peered through the door at the lab tables arranged in rows, Alex leaned against the wall beside me. "Not even Nora has an insight into Frankie's mind. Maybe we came the closest."

I glanced back at him. He was wearing the distant look I knew too well.

"Hey, this reminds me of secondary school." I tapped the plastic window in the door. "Our labs smelled like this, and they looked almost exactly like it, too."

"Was science a good subject for you?"

"It depended on what we were doing. I loved biology. Chemistry was okay, although I did once set fire to my blazer." I smiled fondly. It had been embarrassing at first -- and my family had all been horrified when I'd got home -- but I'd worn that charred blazer for the rest of the school year and felt kind of cool about it. "Physics was the worst. Trying to put electronic circuits together or even understand how they worked was always a disaster."

Alex almost smiled. "I'm not surprised."

The double doors at the other end of the corridor flew open, and a group of students poured in. Those who'd already been waiting in the corridor straightened up, Alex included, and we all craned our heads to focus on the new arrivals.

I spotted Jude first, among the fourth wave of arrivals. I tapped my sergeant's arm to warn him, and we moved into the middle of the corridor.

Two immobile people in the racing sea caught Jude's attention immediately. His eyes narrowed, but his stride didn't slow.

"Becky told me," he said as he passed. His eyes were red. "And I don't want to talk about it."

"Too bad." I turned on my heel and followed him to the end of the line he'd joined. "We do."

He scowled. "My friend has just died, and I have a practical in zero minutes."

"I don't care. We can do this the easy way or the hard way, but we've heard a lot of bad things about you. We're not walking away."

"The hard way?" Jude's scowl turned into a strange smile. "Are you suggesting you'll take me outside and beat me up, Inspector? I think that's against the law."

I raised my voice. "The hard way is that I arrest you for common assault."

The chatter in the corridor quietened. Jude's mask of charm slipped again as heads turned his way. He glowered. "Fine. I'll talk for five minutes. Outside."

I nodded at Alex, and he hung back to bring up the rear while I led the way out. Curious gazes followed us.

Once we were outside, I slammed on the brakes and turned to face Jude, gravel flying beneath my boots. "Where were you between five and seven yesterday evening?"

He shrugged, coming to a slower stop. "I don't remember. In my dorm, probably."

Alex fixed the boy with a cool stare. "We need more than probably."

"Let's try again," I said. "Frankie died between five and seven yesterday evening. Where were you? "

Where were you? "In my dorm!"



"And your flatmates will confirm that?" Alex asked.

Jude looked away. "Maybe."

"What about Thursday night, between seven and nine?" I said. "You told us you'd been at a friend's party. Whose?"

Jude shrugged. "I don't remember his name."

"How stupid do you think I am? Tell us."

"No."

"Okay. Then let's go back to the Friday night before that - Friday, 26th May. You went to a club with Frankie and Becky. Which one?"

"I don't remember." He wouldn't even look at me.

"Underworld Eclipse, I'm guessing. You all got drunk. Filled with Dutch courage, Becky kissed Frankie. You weren't too happy about that -- you wanted Frankie for yourself. So you had an argument with Becky, you cornered her, and you made out that you were going to hit her."

"Fucking tattler," he spat. "I didn't hit her."

didn't "It doesn't matter. You made her think you were going to, and that's assault." I paused to let that sink into his stubborn brain. "Jude, I'd like you to come with us to the station. Voluntarily."

He finally met my eyes again. "And if I say no?"

"I'll arrest you for assault." I pulled my handcuffs halfway out my pocket. "While you're getting comfortable in the custody suite, I might just charge you with murder as well."

***

Once we'd got Jude to the police station, we left him in an interview room for a few minutes to get coffee and regroup. When we came back, we watched him through the mirrored glass. He was slumped in his chair, his expression a gritty mixture of self-blame and sorrow.

We pushed the door open and sat down opposite him. I slid two printed pictures across the table: the overturned desk in Lonn Temple's office, and a close-up of the purple folder and papers scattered near Frankie Jarsdel's left hand in the lift shaft.

"This interview is being video-recorded," I said. "We are in an interview room at Socrico Police Station on 5th June 2186. The time is 14:00. I am Detective Inspector Amber Rames. The other police officer present is Detective Sergeant Alex O'Sullivan. Please state your full name and date of birth."

"Jude Bray," the student grunted. "3rd January 2167."

"Jude, I will remind you of your right to legal representation. I will also remind you that you are not under arrest and may leave at any time." That last part hurt to say, but I knew it would be difficult to get his common assault charge to stick in court. And I felt that I was on the cusp of something much greater.

"On Thursday, 1st June," I continued, "between seven and nine in the evening, Lonn Temple was stabbed to death inside his office at Lab S, Socrico University Research. On Sunday, 4th June, between five and seven in the evening, Frankie Jarsdel fell down a lift shaft on Flicker Street and suffered a mortal break to her neck."

"Is this some kind of accusation?" Jude asked.

"I'm stating the facts of our murder inquiry."

"Because you think I did it." He scoffed, but his jaw tightened. "You're wrong. She must have jumped. She could never fucking get over Paris, and your interference yesterday was the final straw."

"Was she suicidal?" Alex asked.

Jude spread his hands. "I don't know! After that thing at the club, I didn't speak with her again until Friday when we all heard about Lonn. She shut me out."



"Yes, let's talk about the incident at the club," I said. "You reacted strongly when Becky kissed Frankie. Becky says she's since realised you've had feelings for Frankie for a very long time."

"Before she was even with Paris." His whole body turned rigid. "I loved her."

"But you were angry with her for dating Paris. Then you were angry with her for holding on to his memory after he'd gone. Then you were angry when she was kissed by Becky."

He shrugged. "Maybe."

"A lot of murderers hold the view that if they can't have their victim's love, no one else should have it, either."

"You are accusing me!"

are "We're telling you how bad things look," Alex said. "So now would be a good time to tell us where you were yesterday evening."

"In my room!"

"We will check with your flatmates," I said.

will "Go ahead! I'm telling the truth."

"Are you going to tell the truth about your other alibi this time?" I leaned forward. "What is the name of the friend whose party you attended on Thursday night?"

Jude's gaze slid away. "No comment."

"Fine, we'll just move on to another topic...like your motive for Lonn Temple's murder."

He looked up. "I barely even knew the guy."

"But I bet you knew the puzzle pieces. Lonn Temple murdered Paris. Lulu Jarsdel wrote about it in her diary. Frankie found the diary when she died. You were Paris' best friend -- and Frankie's friend, too. So did she tell you, Jude? Did she tell you what was in the diary?"

His eyelids fell over his pupils like a shutter. "No. She showed me."

"Did she show it to anyone else?" Alex asked.

"Just me. She thought I should know the truth."

"So," I said, "let's imagine this: on Thursday evening, you entered Lab S, struggled with Lonn Temple, and proceeded to stab him to avenge Paris. But the murder of Lonn and the discovery of Paris made Frankie think deeply about her mother's diary, and after she left the police station on Sunday, she came to a conclusion. She thought that you'd killed Lonn, and she confronted you about it. You pushed her down the lift shaft to silence her. Does that sound right?"

"No!" Jude's ferocious gaze clashed with mine.

"Then tell us who you were with on Thursday night and what you were doing!"

He slammed his hands down on the table. "Fine! I was at a flat party -- Colton Drake's. We all got smashed, and I crashed in his dorm for the night. I was there until about nine the next morning."

"What time did you get there?"

"Seven. And I swear I was there all night."

He looked down again. I watched him closely, letting an awkward silence settle over the room. There was something he still wasn't telling us.

Think. What happened at that party? What might a nineteen-year-old do that he wouldn't want a police officer to know about?

Think. What happened at that party? What might a nineteen-year-old do that he wouldn't want a police officer to know about? At last, he looked up. "Er...Inspector? Are we done now, or...?"

I shoved my chair back and stood. He jumped a mile, but I ignored him and turned to Alex. "Jude wasn't searched when we brought him into the custody suite, was he? Because we haven't arrested him."

Alex looked bemused. "That's right."

I turned back to our interviewee. "How do you feel about being searched, Jude?"

He leapt to his feet. "You can't do that!"

My gaze fell to his pocket. He'd done exactly what I'd been expecting -- shoved his hand inside on instinct. His knuckles were pressed against the denim as he clutched something in subconscious panic.

"Why don't you empty that?" I asked.

He froze.

"I have reasonable suspicion to believe you're carrying an illegal substance," I said. "I can have you searched without your consent now. Just make it easier for both of us."

He slowly drew his hand out of his pocket. Cradled in his palm was a small packet of blood-red powder.

I raised my eyebrows. "Crimson. Is that what you were taking on Thursday night?"

He just stared at me. He knew he was buggered.

"Jude Bray," I said, "I am arresting you for possession of a Class A drug. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 48


"How did you know Jude had crimson on him?" Alex asked much later as we left the custody suite. A hint of admiration was shining in his eyes.

I shrugged. "I didn't. I just mentioned searching him to monitor his reaction. Then I knew he had some on him. I'm starting to wish he hadn't, actually. Arrests mean paperwork, and I'm so hungry now that I think I'm going to collapse."

Then "You can't. You're coming to The Diamond with me tonight, and there's no getting out of it."

I groaned, and he smiled, putting his arm around my waist.

We stopped off at the cafeteria to buy some very late lunch, and then we went back to our office to check all the alibis we'd been given throughout the day. Over the tabphone, Petr Fitzroy confirmed that Nora had been at the flat with him between five and seven, and Jude's friend confirmed that Jude had been at his party on Thursday night. A flatmate said that he'd also been in his dorm on Sunday evening.

Only Janet Temple and Riannon Sotello's alibis could not be confirmed.

We gave the names of the people we suspected had been at the party with Jude to the drugs squad, and then we spent what little time we had left filling out more paperwork. For once, I found myself looking at my tabphone and wishing that five o'clock would stay away.

But it didn't, and Alex was quick to pull me to my feet when the shift change started in the main office next door. He was wearing a mischievous smile. "Come on. It's time to get ready for dinner."

I sighed. "How is this going to work? Are we going our separate ways to get ready and then meeting up again, or are you staying dressed like that?"

He glanced down at his dark suit, and his smile turned sheepish. "There's nothing wrong with what I'm wearing."

"I don't even know why I asked the question. Only one percent of your wardrobe isn't full of work clothes."

"I don't complain about your work clothes." He looked at my jeans.

I folded my arms. "What's wrong with mine?"

***

Once we'd handed our equipment back to Sten, we went to my flat. Alex offered to feed Mitzy while I showered, so I left them to bond.

When I emerged from the bathroom, he was sitting on the edge of my bed. Colour was still returning to his cheeks after another long day in his video contacts, and the knot that had been starting to form in my stomach tightened. We had another body on our hands and still no prime suspect. How long could Alex bear the headaches and dizziness? Long enough?

Would we even have long enough to catch the murderer before we failed the Trials?

have I padded over to the wardrobe with a sigh. Alex's gaze followed me, and I realised that my bathrobe was starting to fall open and display my lingerie. I ignored it. "The Diamond is one of the poshest hotels in the city. Will your parents be dressed up?"

No response.

I turned to the side. Alex averted his darkened eyes and stood. "I don't know."

"Do they usually dress up?"

He peered into my wardrobe. "I suppose they'll have made an effort. But they're not posh, Amber. Anything aside from your jeans will be fine."

"Anything?" I fingered a horrific skirt I couldn't even remember buying. "I don't think so. Just sit down and tell me yes or no when I hold something up, okay?"

"Okay."

I pulled out a lacy black dress and held it up against me. "They say you can never go wrong with a little black dress."



"Yes."

I turned to the mirror and examined the damp, dark hair that fell to my shoulders. "No, I'll look too Gothic." I delved back into my wardrobe and found a floaty top and skirt. "What about this?"

"Yes."

I examined myself in the mirror. "No. It's too casual."

And so on we went.

After another three outfits, I dropped the latest dress I'd disqualified and raked a hand through my hair. "Why are you saying yes to everything?"

Alex frowned. "Because you'd look beautiful in all of them."

"That's not the point!"

His expression melted into confusion.

I smiled. "I appreciate the compliment, but it has to be appropriate for two things: dinner with your parents at The Diamond Hotel . And nothing is."

your parents The Diamond Hotel "You're thinking about it too much."

I turned back to the wardrobe with a dubious mumble and rifled through what I had left. Maybe I could just wear a blouse and some smart trousers -- I was sure I had a pair somewhere --

My fingers brushed over one final dress hidden at the end of the wardrobe. I pulled it out and held it up against me. "What do you think?"

It was high-necked, the skirt asymmetrical and the fabric forest green. Alex's gaze skimmed over it appreciatively. "Yes."

I consulted the mirror and worried my lip. "Are you sure?"

"Why don't you see what you think when it's on? You might be surprised."

"You just want me to hurry up and choose something." I untied my bathrobe.

"Maybe." His tone was light. "But I would really like to see you wear that."

I let my bathrobe fall to the floor and tugged the dress over my head, wondering if it would still fit me. To my relief, it did.

As Alex stood up and approached me, I swept my hair over one shoulder and frowned at the mirror. "Do you think it will be okay? Maybe it's a bit too --"

He reached my side, and suddenly his mouth was on mine.

A flame sparked deep in my core. When his tongue swept across mine and his hands slipped over my curves, the feeling tunnelled down my body with his fingers. His hands reached the hem of my skirt and lingered there.

He pulled back, his eyes dark. "We need to go."

I stared at him, my brain scrambled.

"Have you decided what you're wearing?" His voice was husky.

"Oh..." A smile blossomed on my lips, and I pressed my fingers against them. "I think this dress is perfect."

***

Situated on Diamond Lane, The Diamond Hotel towered above its dark neighbours. Almost as prestigious as any five-star New London establishment, its location in this grotty neighbourhood had always been a little strange. But, despite its surroundings, it had once been very popular -- until the murders of Kristina Nixon and Brady Haywood, and the subsequent arrest of the owner.

In the lobby, Alex consulted a red robot standing behind the counter where Kristina Nixon's skull had been bashed in. The robot led us to a lift at the end of the L-shaped room and left us there.

My stomach was so tied up in knots that I felt sick, and I looked to Alex for comfort as we entered the car. He smiled, and my heart turned into a puddle.



"Just relax." He linked our fingers again and ran his thumb across the back of my hand.

My brain joined my heart in the pile of mush, eradicating some of my nerves -- and all of my conversation skills.

We rose up, and the lift doors opened to a grand corridor of grey stone walls adorned with ancient paintings from the surface. I'd seen Jasper's penthouse of antiques, but not much of the hotel, and the effect was of stepping into an old story with a safer tune. I took a deep breath as we approached the doors to the restaurant.

Alex pushed them open, and I followed him in. Pillars swirled up to the ceiling, where crystal chandeliers hung over guests in tailored suits and body-hugging dresses. They sat at round tables beside full-length windows that framed the rooftops of the neighbourhood, talking in soft tones over the clink of silverware.

A dark-haired couple were in the corner, who I recognised instantly from Alex's family photos. His father was closest to the window, staring out across the city. His mother was looking towards the doors, and she spotted us quickly. She tapped her husband on the shoulder. By the time we reached the table, they were both watching me.

Alex broke into a smile. "Mom, Dad, this is Amber."

For a second, his parents carried on staring at me. His mother's hair was short, framing a round face so open and friendly that she reminded me of an older Nina. His father's natural expression was more reserved, but he had wise eyes. I started to sweat beneath them.

The next thing I knew, both parents were smiling, and Alex was pushing me into a chair. I licked my lips and tried to find some words. "Hi."

His mother leaned forward. "Hi, Amber. I'm Lilly, and this is Jozeph. I hope you don't mind eating here, but we know that you arrested someone in the hotel just before you decided to do the Trials, so I thought it would be sentimental. Then again, Jozeph tells me that I find everything sentimental, especially if it's going to lighten his wallet."

I blinked. "Oh, no, this is really nice. I've never eaten here before. I've just...looked at dead bodies and arrested people."

"And fallen down stairs," Alex said dryly.

Lilly's face softened. "Oh, yes, Alex told us about that, although he told us precious little else. How is your ankle? Obviously, you're not on crutches now, but did the recovery take a long time?"

"Lilly, you talk too much," Jozeph said quietly. "You've only just been introduced. You're overwhelming her."

"You talk too little, so I have to make up for it. Besides, Alex doesn't tell us anything about his cases, and I find it all so interesting. I once wanted to be on the police force, Amber, but I didn't think I was quite brave enough, and so I somehow ended up becoming a real estate agent instead. But I think I would have actually made an excellent police officer in your department -- what's it called?"

"The Criminal Investigation Department," Alex said.

"Yes, that. I'm a brilliant armchair detective, and I've read almost every crime novel on the market. I'm always so interested in the inquiries you're working, but I have to get my information from Xplora articles." She shot Alex a pointed look.

He sighed. "I'm sure you're supposed to worry about me, not hound me for gossip."

"I do worry! But perhaps I don't worry as much as some mothers because I don't get told anything about the things you do."

told I sat back in my chair. "So...what do you already know about The Diamond murder inquiry?"

She outlined the basic facts that had been published in the articles she'd read, and then I filled in the gaps with as much detail as I felt I was allowed to give. Somewhere along the way, as my muscles unwound, the case started merging with the personal matters that had happened outside the station. Our trip to the vets with Mitzy and our unconventional Valentine's Day lunch and dinner tumbled into the tale.



"You delivered Amber's injured cat like a Valentine's Day present?" Lilly looked at Alex. "I'm sure we must have taught you better than that."

"And I bought her flowers," he protested.

Lilly turned back to me. "Are you allowed to tell me much about your current investigation?"

Not wanting to offend her, I looked at Alex. He shook his head. "No. Sorry."

"Well, when you can --" Lilly leaned forward and put her hand on my arm "-- you'll have to ring me and tell me all about it."

"Deal," I said with a smile.

A waiter arrived to take our order, and I realised that we'd all been so carried away that we hadn't even glanced at the menu. We woke the touchglass table up so that we could consult it. I requested a fillet of lamb while focusing most of my attention on the dessert menu. Nina had been right -- they did sell chocolate cake. My spirits lifted.

Once the waiter had gone, Lilly carried on. "Are you at least allowed to tell me how you think the Trial is going?"

Again, I looked at Alex. He clearly hadn't told them about his side effects, which left me unable to explain any of my fears. When he said nothing, I shrugged. "I don't know. I'd like us to be closer to solving the case than we are."

And I didn't know how picky Sten Grey would be about the little arguments that were mounting up.

"You'll be fine," Lilly said firmly. "You know, when Alex first moved here, I was worried that he'd get homesick. We're such a close family, and he didn't know a single person in this city. But he barely remembered to even call me! Of course, now I know why." She winked at me.

I shared a look with Alex, and we both smiled.

"You're going to start embarrassing them in a minute," Jozeph said.

"I'm allowed to -- if it all goes well, they'll be getting married." Lilly grinned. "Embarrassing them is my new job!"

We laughed at her, even though fear was rearing its ugly head again. Would it all go well? Would we get married?

Would Alex asked his father about his work, and I remembered that he repaired electronic gadgets for a living. As he and Alex delved into the final details, my sergeant's eyes brightened. The conversation left me feeling very confused, and from the look on Lilly's face, I wasn't the only one. But I enjoyed watching Alex talking so animatedly.

As they quietened, I chipped in. "I admire you for being able to fix that stuff, Jozeph."

"Alex has mentioned that you don't get along very well with technology." Jozeph's tone lightened. "I thought he'd have solved that problem by now."

Alex's lips twitched. "I'm trying to teach her, but it's harder than it seems. Everything malfunctions when Amber touches it."

I blushed, and they laughed at me.

Our drinks arrived, and our food came not long after. Alex and Jozeph slipped back into the world of electronics, while Lilly coaxed me into another conversation about some of our older cases. She was particularly interested in the first murder inquiry Alex and I had worked together, and so I went through it in detail.

Eventually, the two threads of our conversation came back together again, and I listened to Jozeph and Lilly talk about the rest of their family with interest. I realised that I could get used to meals with the in-laws.

If they became my in-laws.

They impressed me further still when I discovered that they weren't the sort of people who said no to dessert. I ordered a slice of chocolate cake, much to Alex's amusement. When it arrived, my chocoholic instincts took over and shut his teasing out.

Before I knew it, my plate was empty and it was time to go.

As we all stood up to leave, Lilly embraced me. "Good luck. Don't let Alex work himself too hard, okay? Sometimes he doesn't know when to stop."

I tried not to catch my sergeant's eye, because I knew that I'd smile. We were only as bad as each other. "I'll try."

"I'm looking forward to receiving my invitation to the wedding," she added. "Although I'd quite like to help you choose what they'll look like."

What they'll look like?

What they'll look like? Jozeph sighed. "Don't take any mind. It's much too early. And what do the invitations matter, anyway, as long as the right people get them?"

Lilly rolled her eyes. "Men. They're just no good with aesthetics."

She and Jozeph generously insisted on settling the very expensive bill, so after another round of goodbyes, Alex and I left them behind to do that.

As we entered the lift outside the restaurant, my sergeant swept his gaze over my dress again. "You look so beautiful tonight. Especially now that you're smiling."

"I didn't expect your parents to like me so much," I admitted. "They're lovely."

"I think Mom's been choosing wedding hats since the day we announced that we're doing the Trials. She's very excited."

"I can tell." I took a deep breath, nerves creeping in again. "So I hope we can make it."

The lift doors slid open. Alex took my hand and walked me through the lobby. "Remember our vow of confidence in the shower?"

My cheeks heated. "What I remember more clearly is the recent business you started in my bedroom and left unfinished. Your place or mine?"

He flashed me a sexy smile. "I think we'd better finish that business where it began."

The hotel doors opened as we reached them, and we stepped outside. The lights in the concrete sky were starting to dim. Without speaking, Alex upped our walking pace and slid his arm around my waist.

My tabphone rang.

I slowed my stride and rooted around in my bag. When I saw who was calling, I answered with a curse. "Cassia? Are you all right?"

On screen, my sister frowned. "Of course. Why wouldn't I be? It's you who hasn't been answering her tabphone all evening."

Whoops. "Sorry, I'm out. What's so urgent?"

Whoops. "The results of Frankie Jarsdel's post-mortem. I was wrong in the lift shaft -- her neck was broken after she died."

after "After she died?" My legs stopped moving. "Then what killed her?"

"Cardiac arrest. While she was being suffocated."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 49


Alex and I arrived at the station close to nine the next morning, clutching three coffees from Rise & Grinder.

Sten did not look impressed when we went to him for our spyware, and I realised that my lips were probably bruised. I wondered if it was possible for our score to be lowered because we'd had sex before work. Surely not? It should have demonstrated good partnership -- of a kind...

Once we were wearing our equipment, we went to our office, where Cassia would soon be meeting us to go over the post-mortem in more detail. As we settled down at our desks, I looked at my coffee forlornly.

"What's wrong?" Alex asked.

"I still can't believe Merrick didn't have any chocolate muffins today. I've been getting used to having them. Now I feel chocolate-deprived."

Alex smiled. "You had chocolate cake at The Diamond last night."

"That was yesterday. This is today!"

"Fine. I suppose I've got just enough time to fetch you a chocolate bar from the cafeteria before Cassia comes." He stood up.

I brightened. "What, really? Thanks!"

"Anything to keep you happy," he teased.

Cassia arrived a minute after he'd left, bearing a box filled with papers and a tired expression. I stood up and took the box away, replacing it with the third coffee. She seemed too dazed to stop me.

"Morning," I said. "What's all this?"

"The papers that we found with Frankie Jarsdel." Cassia hugged the coffee cup. "I asked Laney for them because I thought you'd want to have another look now. Where's Alex?"

"Fetching me chocolate, so you'll have to hold fire on your explanation for a few minutes. Why don't we catch up instead?" I perched on the edge of my desk and tried to look nonchalant.

Cassia's eyes narrowed. "Catch up? We could have done that last night at Mom and Dad's, but you were out with Alex's family instead."

"Jealous?"

"No!" Her tone was ridiculously defensive, and she blushed. "I just missed you."

I shrugged and feigned extreme interest in my coffee. "Okay."

There was a long silence.

"That's it?" she asked quietly.

"If I ask you questions, I know you won't answer them. So Sebastian and I will just have to watch over you instead."

"Sebastian?"

I turned back to her. "Yes. We're both really worried about you, Cassia."

Longing nestled in her gaze before she lowered it to the floor. She leaned against the desk beside me and sighed. "Miles and I are getting divorced."

I nearly dropped my coffee. "What? Oh, God, Cassia --"

"He says he's in love with someone else."

Shock gave way to anger. "Bastard! I'm going to punch him."

Cassia looked up. "It's okay. It's still sinking in, but I'm sort of relieved. It's been a long time coming. The old Miles left ages ago."

I put my coffee down and drew her into a hug. "Right...well, if you ever need a place to stay while you're sorting this out, you know you can come to me. Or if you just want to talk, I'm always here. Okay?"

"Yeah." She rested her chin on my shoulder. "I'm sorry I've been avoiding the topic. I'm just...not good at sharing. And I felt ashamed that I couldn't be a good enough wife."



"It's got nothing to do with you," I said fiercely. "You were trying your hardest to fix things while he was tearing them to pieces."

Over her shoulder, I saw Alex approaching our glass office. He slowed down as his gaze landed on us, then stopped in the middle of the corridor as if he didn't know whether he was allowed in. I shot him an encouraging smile and pulled away from Cassia. He pushed the door open.

"Hi, Alex," I said. "Did you get the chocolate?"

He strode over and gave me two bars. "Here you are."

"You know the way to a woman's heart."

" Your heart, you mean." He smiled and glanced at Cassia. "Good morning."

Your "Good morning." Her tone was professional. "Let's talk about Frankie."

Alex picked up his coffee, and I ripped open a chocolate bar. Then I nodded at my sister.

"I'll take you through my estimated sequence of events," she said. "At the very beginning of her attack, Frankie was drugged with alprazolam -- also known as Xanax. She was then suffocated using a pillowcase. The attacker held her face-down with their hand like this..." She put one hand on the back of my neck, her fingers splayed.

"But she died of a heart attack?" Alex asked.

"Cardiac arrest," Cassia corrected. "Caused by the asphyxiation. Once the murderer realised she was dead, they must have carried her to the lift and dropped her down the shaft, breaking her neck."

"And threw the folder and all its papers down there," I finished.

Alex dragged the box closer. "We should try putting them in order."

So we lifted the pages out one by one, each of them still contained within their own bag. The equations all looked identical to me, and there were no page markings. In fact, nothing but the occasional title of FFI indicated what they really were.

FFI Once our desks were heaving with paper, we stood back to survey the mess we needed to sort. I folded my arms across my chest. "This isn't going to work."

We tried anyway. I looked through the pages we'd dumped on my desk, Cassia helping me. She examined each with a knowledgeable light in her eyes. I stared at them blankly, stared a bit more, and sighed. Then I moved on to the next one.

After five minutes of near silence, Cassia cleared her throat. "This is weird."

Alex came over from his desk, and I looked up. Cassia turned her paper around for us to see. "It's written in two distinct, separate hands. And the equations are all different."

I took it off her and compared it to what I was holding. "Aren't all the equations a little different? Lonn wouldn't sit and write the same ones over and over, would he?"

She rolled her eyes. "That's not what I meant. The chemicals are all different -- they're not anything Lonn had recorded experimenting with before." She took the paper back and skimmed over it again. "I think one of them is used in cancer drugs, actually. Cancer cures."

chemicals I frowned. "Cancer cures? Are you sure?"

Cassia studied it a moment longer. "As sure as I can be. But maybe if you asked someone at Lab S, they would understand."

I exchanged a look of comprehension with Alex.

"Like Nora," he said. "But she said she was in remission."

I frowned and turned away. That was right. So why...?

No. No, it wasn't right.

"Sorry, I only picked up my missed calls this morning. I had an appointment at the hospital... I don't need chemo anymore."

"Sorry, I only picked up my missed calls this morning. I had an appointment at the hospital... I don't need chemo anymore."

"She didn't say that she's in remission." I turned back. "She said that she doesn't need chemo anymore, and we assumed it was for good reasons. But what if they've just stopped it because it's not working?"

Alex and Cassia exchanged an uncertain look.

"Let's say there wasn't much hope in the first place," I continued. "She's close with Lonn. He started working on a cure for her. Maybe he even worked with her. When the arrangement crumbled, she murdered him and took the work."

Cassia frowned. "What about the rest of these papers?"

"Fake." I took the one true paper off her again and strode towards the door. "Thanks for having coffee with us, but I need to find Nora. Now."

***

"I feel like I'm missing a few puzzle pieces," Alex said as we left the station. "Cassia...?"

"And Miles are divorcing." I took his hand and upped our pace to a jog. Well, my pace to a jog. "We need to hurry for the next tram."

my One rushed down the middle of the road and slowed to a stop ahead of us. I tugged Alex into a proper run, and we weaved around the pedestrians with muttered apologies. We stepped on board just before the doors closed and sat down among late students and straggling nine-to-fivers.

"Will she be okay?" Alex asked.

"I don't know. I hope so."

"Me, too. And now I have another question -- aren't heart attacks and cardiac arrests the same?"

"No. A heart attack is when an artery is blocked, meaning oxygen-rich blood can't reach the heart. It's usually what people mean when they use the terms heart attack and cardiac arrest interchangeably. But a cardiac arrest is different: it's when the heart stops beating unexpectedly. It's an electrical problem."

heart attack cardiac arrest "I'm surprised you're knowledgeable about it, then."

I rolled my eyes. "Hilarious."

"You said you were good at GCSE Biology." He frowned. "Did you ever want to be a doctor or a pathologist, like Cassia?"

"I never knew what I wanted to be. I just fell into this job and never got back out."

"Do you want to get out?"

I raised an eyebrow and tapped the metal bracelet around my wrist. "It would be a bit late now. But, no, I like this job. Especially when I'm working with you."

He leaned closer, so that his forehead was touching mine. "Good."

We stayed like that, huddled close together, until the tram halted outside Socrico University. But when we stood up, my playful mood evaporated. Nora Fitzroy had a lot to answer for.

We walked to Socrico University Research, then jogged up the stairs to the first floor. Our shoes made a racket against the metal, and by the time we reached the top, Riannon Sotello was standing in the doorway to Lab S. "For God's sake! Don't you think this is nearing, like, harassment? What do you want this time?"

"Nora," I said. "Where is she?"

"In a meeting." Riannon tilted her head like a sadistically curious kitten, sending the silver hoops in her ears swinging. "What do you want her for?"

"A little talk."

She hesitated. "I suppose you'd like to wait in here."

"Yes. We'll stay out of the way."

She slowly stepped back, and we brushed past her, marching straight to Lonn's office. Riannon followed us and stood on the other side of the electro-tape.



The PRBs had finished analysing it now, but the central desk was still covered in paper, the workbenches were still cluttered with beakers and pipettes, and the upturned table was still on the floor. Everything was frozen in the moment of Lonn Temple's murder.

Alex strolled to the shelves where the folders were kept and looked at the gap remaining. "Riannon, did Lonn have exactly three folders of every colour?"

exactly "Yes."

"He wouldn't have had four purple folders and just two blue?"

"No."

I joined my sergeant and saw what he meant. "One blue folder is missing. Ours is purple. I was right -- it was all fake. Apart from the real note that accidentally fell into the mess."

I'd given that real note to Alex, and now he slipped it out of his jacket pocket. We stared at it again.

"What do you mean?" Riannon asked.

"When Lonn stopped frequenting The Black Horse," I said to Alex, "he was spending his time here. But it wasn't a cure for fatal familial insomnia that he was spending the extra hours on."

"What?" Riannon exclaimed.

"Do you think this was his way of finding redemption after Paris?" Alex asked. "Trying to save another person's life?"

"We'll probably never know."

"Inspector?" Nora said.

We both turned around.

She'd edged Riannon out of the doorway and was now standing there in a tailored suit, carrying a pile of papers. As we watched, she ducked under the electro-tape, ignoring the squawk of the PRB on guard.

"What are you doing here again?" she asked. "I know this is your job, but you've turned up three times in the past two days. You're starting to make my staff feel nervous."

"We're investigating," I said crisply.

Alex held up the zip-locked paper. "Do you recognise this?"

She froze. Then her arms slackened, and her papers cascaded to the ground.

I pounced on the nearest and brought it back to Alex. The handwriting looked like a match.

"Nora Fitzroy," I said, "I am arresting you on the suspicion of murder. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."

***

Nora came to the station quietly, with the air of someone who knew that everything was over. Alex and I collected some final pieces of evidence for our interview, then went back down to the custody suite to explain it to her solicitor.

Eventually, we were ready to talk with Nora. Yesterday, I'd believed we were a long way from identifying the murderer. Today, as I took my seat in the interview room, I found that the culprit was right in front of me.

"This interview is being video-recorded," I said, "and may be given in evidence if your case is brought to trial. We are in an interview room at Socrico Police Station on 6th June 2186. The time is 10:00. I am Detective Inspector Amber Rames. The other police officer present is Detective Sergeant Alex O'Sullivan. Please state your full name and date of birth."

"Nora Fitzroy," she murmured. "7th August 2148."

"Also present is Nora's solicitor. Nora, I will remind you that you do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."



"I understand."

"We found a pile of papers with Frankie Jarsdel's body yesterday. Almost all of them are written entirely in your handwriting and are labelled as work towards a fatal familial insomnia cure. I imagine that when we get an expert to look at them, we'll find it's a load of waffle."

your Nora shifted in her seat, and her short hair fell over her eyes.

"One piece of paper contains your handwriting and Lonn's. And these notes work towards an entirely different cure."

and Taking his cue, Alex slid the paper across the table so that Nora could see it.

"I've just had a chat with an oncologist at Socrico Hospital," I said. "These equations include an existing drug that is used to fight breast cancer. You suffer from breast cancer, Nora. Do you want to tell me about that?"

She kept her eyes down.

"Okay, I'll tell you, then. Because the other thing I did was gain access to your medical records." I leaned forward. "You've chosen to stop the chemotherapy because it isn't working. Nothing is working. Not even twenty-second century drugs can cure your advanced disease. You have stage four breast cancer, Nora, and you're dying."

The solicitor frowned and opened her mouth to warn me off, but Nora raised her head. "I am."

"Where has it spread?"

"My brain." Her voice was just a whisper, but it brought an iron weight down on the room.

"You tried to make a treatment of your own with Lonn Temple," Alex said. "Illegally."

Nora's gaze hardened. "On average, it takes fifteen years to legally get a drug from the bench to the bedside. I don't have that time."

I folded my arms. "I assume you were the sole participant in all of your drug's trials?"

"Yes."

"And how was that going?" Alex asked.

Her lips thinned, and she looked away.

"It wasn't working," I said. "Lonn wasn't happy about that. But you wanted to keep on trying."

"It's my life on the line!" Her eyes watered. "If the drug went wrong, maybe I'd die. But if I don't do anything, I'll die anyway!"

"Where is the rest of the drug?"

"Gone. Lonn refused to make any more when I started experiencing side effects, and he refused to try changing the formula. He was getting shifty about what would happen to him if I died and it was proved that the drugs had killed me. But I made the discoveries that allowed us to try this -- it was my project!" Her voice turned to steel. "And I knew that I could do it."

I my "So when he told you that you had to stop," I said, "you killed him and took the notes."

Her breathing hitched. "No. I wasn't there on the night he was murdered. You have my alibi!"

"Your husband left you alone in the flat from quarter past eight until the early hours of the morning. Lonn was killed between seven and nine."

"I was at the flat."

"Digitally, you were at Lab S," I said. "You remained clocked-in there all night."

"I didn't kill him. I wasn't at the lab with him on Thursday night!"

"What about Frankie? You claimed that you were at your flat -- a stone's throw away from the crime scene -- when she was murdered."

Nora swallowed. "I was."

"Would you like to explain to us why fake notes written by your hand were found with her body?"

"No."

I stood up. "I'll let you rethink that answer. I'm going to find your husband and ask him exactly when you stayed late at the lab."

I was going to get the evidence we needed to close this case, once and for all.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 50


Cosmic Pharmacy was stationed at the far end of Flicker Street, marked by a neon cross on the ground floor of a brownstone building. Automatic doors rose as we approached them, and we walked straight into a little room packed with boxes of pills. The windows were so grimy that it was dark as night, and the only artificial lights to guide us were the signs above the shelves.

Five feet in front of us, Petr Fitzroy was standing behind a steel counter. As soon as his gaze landed on us, he turned and ran.

"Shit!" I vaulted over the counter and sprinted after him. "Riannon must have told him that we've got Nora!"

Which meant he was going back to their flat to destroy her work.

We burst through a store cupboard in the back and out the rear door, following Petr down an alley and back onto Flicker Street. The air was turning muggy, and sweat pooled across my skin. Still, I pushed myself harder, until I was running fast enough to stay at Alex's side.

But Petr had gained a good head start, and he reached his block before us. He dashed inside. When we entered the lobby, he was standing in the lift. The bloody thing was obviously working again because the doors slammed shut, and he went up.

"Stairs!" I said. It was all I had the breath for.

We took the stairs two at a time, thundering up like a million insane robots. As we reached the final step, my tired feet caught each other, and I pitched towards the floor. Alex grabbed me by the arm and practically dragged me into the hallway.

Petr was standing outside his front door. It had just finished scanning his face, and he glanced towards us as it swung open.

I drew my weapon. "Don't move!"

Petr slowly raised his hands in the air.

When we reached him, Alex patted him down. Petr ground his jaw, his gaze stormy. But he said nothing.

Alex stepped back, and I nodded at the doorway. "Keep your hands in the air and walk us inside."

Petr turned around and entered the flat. We followed.

"Kitchen," I said.

The three of us entered the kitchen. The island unit in the middle was still littered with paper and tablets, and the leaning tower of washing-up in the sink had hardly diminished.

I kept my gun trained on Petr. "I assume you know that we've arrested Nora for the murders."

"Yes." His voice had a cutting edge.

"Given your flight from the pharmacy, I also assume that you are aware your wife has been creating medicinal drugs illegally."

"Yes."

"Did you fake her alibi for Sunday evening? Did she kill Lonn Temple and Frankie Jarsdel?"

He ground his jaw and said nothing.

Alex had also drawn his pistol, but he hadn't raised it yet. "Where's her work?"

Petr shifted, and his gaze slid away. "Gone."

My eyes followed his to the washing up. Now that I was looking closely, I didn't think it had diminished at all . There were still wine glasses, plates, a greasy butter knife, a glass beaker, a tower of colourful mugs, and a mixing bowl.

at all I blinked. Let my eyes trail back up the pile. A glass beaker?

"She's been experimenting," I said. "She's put something in the beaker that she wants to wash out."

Petr swallowed hard.

"We'll only ask you one more time. Where's her work?"

He stared down the barrel of my gun, sweat beading on his forehead. Then he edged past Alex and into the hallway.



We followed him to the end, where he pushed the final door open. As it swung away from us, I hauled him back by the shoulder. "Stay out here with Sergeant O'Sullivan."

I entered a spare bedroom -- or, at least, what was supposed to be a spare bedroom. A good-sized window on the right had been thrown open to air it. A single bed was tucked into one corner, and there was also a wardrobe. But test tube racks were balanced on the mattress, and a microscope was sitting on top of the wardrobe. In the furthest corner of the room, there was a desk, and a blue folder was lying on it, open.

I sat in the hover chair behind the desk. This was the project Lonn had been working on. Although the equations were still gibberish to me, I'd looked at our true note enough times this morning to be able to see the similarities.

This I laid down my pistol and snapped on a pair of nitrile gloves. Then I began to turn the pages as if I was handling an ancient relic, working my way back to the start of the folder.

As I turned the final page, Petr stepped over the threshold in my peripheral vision -- followed fluidly by a reprimand from Alex. "No!"

My gaze remained fixed to the messy title page. Three names had been written across the top.

"It looks like I have a confession to make," Petr said.

I raised my eyes.

The barrel of Alex's gun touched the back of Petr's head. "Don't move."

Petr stopped, his hands still raised.

I stood up. " You were an active member in this experiment, too?"

You "I know I've taken some wrong turnings, but I love Nora. I don't want her to die." He swallowed. "All three of us were researchers. It was our project."

three our "And then Lonn threatened to take it away." I picked up my gun and rounded the desk. "It's you, isn't it? The murderer is you."

Petr's hands fell to his sides. "Yes."

"With Nora?"

"No!" His face crumpled. "Nora had nothing to do with it. She wasn't even here when Frankie died -- she just lied to protect me. She was fetching groceries from Ace's."

"Doing the weekly shop while you killed a young girl," Alex said coldly.

"It was Lonn's fault!" Petr's voice rose. "It's all because he was going to kill Nora. He was the first man to put his hands on that scalpel -- not me! He went for my wife. I had to protect her!"

"You stabbed him five times," I said. "That's an excessive form of defence."

"I don't think so. Look, Nora was experiencing side effects, and they were escalating. I suggested we should stop and go back to the drawing board, but Lonn was afraid we wouldn't be able to keep our secret for much longer. He'd rather Nora died than face a prison sentence, so he shut the whole operation down."

"And he attacked Nora?"

"She was angry. It was her life Lonn was talking about. She threatened to blow the whistle if he refused to carry on helping us -- his resources were vital, and she's struggled without them. But he didn't stand down. When she repeated her threat, he flew into a rage and picked up the scalpel."

I thought of the fight between Lonn and Paris, and I found the story wasn't too hard to imagine.

"He'd been drinking," Alex added quietly.

Petr nodded. "He swore he was going to silence us. He went at Nora. I stopped him. We fought. It's a blur until I'd got him on the floor. Then I was stabbing him and stabbing him. I just wanted to know he would stay away from my wife."



He looked down and opened his hands as if the scalpel was still in them.

"And then?" I said.

"I argued with Nora about what had happened. Eventually, we took the project and left."

I felt nauseous. "And you went on a date with Riannon like nothing had happened."

"What about Frankie?" Alex asked.

"She came to see Nora on Sunday afternoon," Petr said. "Nora was at Ace's, so I answered the door. I invited her in to wait, and she warned me that she believed my wife was a killer.

"She was friends with Nora, and she knew that the PET scan results had been bad. She knew Nora was dying. She also knew Lonn had been working on a project that had vanished. So she pieced it together and made a jump. The wrong jump. She wanted to turn Nora in."

"So you slipped Xanax in her drink," I said. "I assume it came from the pharmacy?"

Petr shrugged.

"Okay, you slipped Xanax in her drink, and once she was under the influence, you suffocated her. Then you dumped her body in the lift shaft." I frowned. "But why did you throw down fake papers?"

He kept his mouth shut.

I stepped forward so that my pistol was almost touching his head. The three of us were by the open window now, framed in the glowing summer's light. " Why the papers? "

Why the papers? He closed his eyes. "We'd spent the weekend writing them. We were going to hide the papers in the lab, then wait for someone to find them. Because they'd no longer be missing, you'd stop thinking they were relevant, and we'd be safer. But when Frankie died, I thought I could make it look like she'd killed Lonn to steal the notes for herself and then committed suicide." He heaved a deep sigh. "I was just trying to save Nora."

A hint of sympathy touched me as I looked at him. At the heart of this mess, a woman was dying, and a man was trying to save her. But I couldn't accept the lengths he'd gone to.

I holstered my pistol and reached for my handcuffs. "It didn't have to be this way, Petr."

He shook his head, tears welling in his eyes. "All I've ever done has been for Nora. But I know she'll be prosecuted for helping me now, and she'll die before her sentence is over." Desperation strangled his voice. "I won't be hung for this!"

He dived towards the window.

Alex caught him by the arm just before he fell out of reach. The force yanked him forward. His hand found purchase on the wall at the last moment, and he hung out of the window, struggling to hold Petr.

I leaned out with him, but I immediately met a swinging fist. I stumbled back, sparks exploding through my cheek.

As I regained my balance, Alex swayed. I steadied him with one hand. "Dizzy spell? Great timing."

I shoved my head out the window again. Petr was hanging above the quiet street like a shirt on a clothing line, red in the face. He thrashed as I tried to catch hold of him. "All I've ever done has been for Nora!"

I caught his wrist. "Then say goodbye to her before you go. Help us!"

He hung limply for a moment. But as we began to reel him back inside, he closed his hand over Alex's forearm and held on.

To this day, I don't know how we managed to heave him through the window. When he was in, we dropped him like a sack of potatoes. I knelt down and pressed my knee into his back before he could rise. Alex fell beside me, white as a sheet.

"Alex?" I secured my handcuffs around Petr's wrists. When they were locked together, I looked up. "Alex!"

He clenched his jaw, pressing one hand against his forehead. "I think I'm okay."

"Fucking contacts. You're taking them out as soon as I've said this." I looked at the man lying beneath me. "Petr Fitzroy, I am arresting you for the murders of Lonn Temple and Frankie Jarsdel. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 51


I shifted the ice pack on my face, trying to numb the bruise as I observed the scene in front of me. Alex and I had taken it in turns to remove our spyware before the first PRBs had arrived, and then we'd handed Petr Fitzroy over and followed him out the building. Now we were standing beside it, getting in the way of more PRBs and steering clear of the journalists. Petr was being escorted down the road.

Alex slipped his fingers under my chin and turned my face back to his. He seemed to have recovered now, and our roles had been reversed. "Are you sure you're all right?"

I smiled, then winced as the movement agitated my injury. I lowered the ice pack. "I've had much worse. It's better than a fall down the stairs."

Alex glanced at Petr, the muscles in his neck jumping. "I'd still like to throttle him. I think I understand why your anger worries you sometimes."

"Yes...although I think my temper might be starting to cool."

"Really?" His gaze came back to mine.

"You might be having a good influence on me. I don't think I've used my punch bag all week, and I haven't attacked any coffee machines."

"Coffee machines?" His lips twitched. "Is that what happened to your coffee machine?"

that I felt a blush creep up my neck. "Maybe."

Petr and the PRBs reached the end of the road and vanished from sight. The journalists who'd been trying to follow him were broken up by more robots, and the atmosphere hanging over the road began to calm. We stood in silence for a few minutes, letting it all sink in. Our humorous moods evaporated in the heat.

I took a deep breath. "This is it, then. Our Trial is over. What a mess."

"Is it?" Alex mused. "Our crime of passion has been judged on our ability to solve a crime of passion of a different kind."

I had to smile at his thoughts, but it quickly faded. "I meant the tragedy. Nora's dying, and Petr will hang for this."

"He'll deserve it." Alex's voice roughened. "Frankie should never have been killed."

"I know. God, I hope we won't find ourselves standing on Petr's side of the law tonight." A lump rose in my throat. "I love you. Thank you for putting up with your video contacts for this."

He cupped my chin, his gaze tender. "Thank you for putting up with me."

Then he leaned down and kissed my lips, and I let my heavy eyelids fall shut. Behind the darkness, I thought of our first kiss on The Silver Star's balcony. I remembered the chemistry and the fireworks that had rocked the world beneath my feet, and I hoped that we hadn't come full circle.

I hoped that this wasn't the last time our lips would meet.

***

We had to go back to the station to get our results. I was so nervous that the journey blurred. It seemed like one minute we were standing in Flicker Street, and the next, we were outside Dixon's office. I could see our chief superintendent and Sten Grey waiting for us.

Alex pushed the door open and led me inside. Dixon was standing against the far wall, and Sten was behind the desk. No one said anything as we sat down, and my limbs started shaking.

The doctor finally spoke up. "Congratulations on catching Petr Fitzroy. Your Trial is over. Do you have your equipment?"

I'd loaded our spyware into two of the ziplock bags the PRBs had taken to Flicker Street, and now I handed it all over.

Sten accepted the bags. "Thank you. I'm sure you're eager to hear your results. Before I tell you, I have to remind you that I judged you on the success of your murder inquiry, your efficiency in the investigation, your reactions to the situations you faced, and your interactions with each other. You've had quite a few setbacks, with my equipment notably causing you the most problems. There have been times when this has caused you to argue or fail to work as a team, which disappointed me."

Oh, God. My stomach sank.

Oh, God. "I've seen many couples fail to communicate correctly during the Trials, and without communication, they break down." Sten looked at the tablet in front of him. "Many contestants enter in a rush, under delusions or threats. They are not ready to be together for life." He raised his eyes again. "You..."

I gripped Alex's hand, feeling sick.

"...are not one of those couples," Sten continued. "You pulled yourselves together after your spats, and you learned to share your worries. You also took care of each other without placing yourselves in harm's way. You're a wonderful team, and it has been a delight to watch you work." He paused. "Amber Rames and Alex O'Sullivan...you have passed the Trials."

I stared at him.

We've done it.

We've done it. Euphoria rose without warning, and I laughed out loud, almost in a state of disbelief. I turned to Alex and caught his hands as he reached for me, and we drew ourselves against each other and held on.

"You are the second couple in history to have succeeded," Sten said. "Your relationship is now legal, and you will receive the blessing of the government to marry -- but you must marry within the year. Do you understand?"

"Yes." I beamed at him. "We understand."

Dixon straightened up, smiling. "Well done, you two. I knew you could do it."

"Thank you, sir," I said.

"You're overdue some days off, so once we've altered Nora's charges, you can go home. If I were you, I'd start planning that wedding."

The fact that I had a wedding to plan was still sinking in.

He looked at something over our heads, out in the corridor. "You'd better skedaddle. I think your friends are going to start a riot if someone doesn't tell them what's going on."

I turned around in my chair. Cassia and Sebastian were huddled together outside the office, watching us with drawn faces.

"Act serious," Alex said, betraying his own words with a mischievous grin. "Let's surprise them."

We trotted out of the office, trying to tame our lips. Cassia was the first to come towards us. "What did he say?"

We stopped in front of them. I kept my face straight for one second before flinging my arms around her. "We passed!"

Cassia squeaked. Sebastian pulled Alex in for a thump on the back, and surprised me by ruffling my hair. Then the two groups melded so that everyone was yelling and hugging and high-fiving, and my heart floated like it was attached to a balloon.

After five minutes of mania, Dixon emerged to calm us down. Alex fought his way back to my side. "We need to escape from this madness so that we can finish our paperwork and go home."

I smiled. "In a hurry?"

"Yes." He took my hands and pulled me against his chest. "Because apparently, we're getting married."

END OF PART III

END OF PART III

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





PART IV


17 November 2186

17 November 2186 17 November 2186 A rainy day was a terrible day for a wedding, but a rainy day was what they had.

Jade Beaumont shook her folding umbrella for the second time as she stepped out the lift, trying to get rid of the remaining droplets. It had the effect of a wet dog shaking its fur -- most of the water seemed to land on her.

She did it for a third time anyway as she stopped by the bride's front door. Her gaze remained fixed to the umbrella as her fingers found the bell, watching raindrops fasten onto her tights. She thought that if her umbrella didn't appear to be wet, her friend wouldn't feel so upset that the best day of her life didn't have the best weather.

A round camera appeared in the mirrored glass of the door.

"May I come in?"

"Let me ask Iberia," the doorbell said.

Jade checked her make-up in the mirror while she waited. Thankfully, the work she'd done this morning hadn't been damaged by the rain. But her long, golden hair was already starting to frizz. Damn. She wanted to look perfect when she saw him in church...

Damn. She sighed and straightened up. It was only now she'd finished preening that she realised Iberia hadn't answered the doorbell's request.

She rang it again. "May I come in?"

"Let me ask Iberia," the doorbell repeated.

A minute ticked past. It didn't open.

She frowned. Iberia had to be inside, otherwise the doorbell would have said that she was out. And if she hadn't wanted Jade to come in, the doorbell would have told her to leave.

She got her tabphone out. Perhaps the bride was still asleep. She always kept her tabphone on her bedside table -- the sound of that ringing would surely wake her up.

that Iberia didn't answer her call.

Jade pressed the doorbell again. Was Iberia ignoring her because she had cold feet?

No. If she had doubts about marrying Ethan, she'd be letting Jade in so that she had someone to rant at. A notorious queen bitch at school, Iberia tackled every problem with voice and venom.

Shaking her umbrella for the fourth time -- it seemed to have become a habit for the morning -- Jade stepped back and glared at the door. "May I come in, Iberia?"

come in, "Iberia is unresponsive," the doorbell finally admitted.

"Is she asleep?"

The doorbell said nothing.

She called the bride again, staring apprehensively at the tabphone screen.

When it rang out, she dialled 999.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 52


17 November 218 6

17 November 218 17 November 218 6 6 "Roses," I said into my tabphone. "It was roses."

Hestia Smith shot me an affronted look. "How many times do I have to tell you? He moved the tulips!"

"I have the order typed here as peonies," my florist replied over the audio link.

How the hell could you manage to write peonies instead of roses?

At my side, Alex snapped his fingers, and the hood of his trench coat rose up to cover his head. "Mrs Smith, we've looked around and so have the PRBs. No one has broken into your flat."

Hestia shifted her glare to him. She'd reported a break-in just five minutes after Alex and I had arrived at the police station this morning. We'd spent the past week juggling numerous cases and court appearances, and after I'd snapped at Dixon one time too many, he'd decided that we should destress by attending a simple call-out like uniformed constables. Helpful or relaxing, it wasn't. Hestia had neglected to mention that the suspect was her dead husband until we'd got here.

Elderly, small, and dainty, but by no means a pushover, she'd watched us with quick bird-like eyes as we'd examined the flat. Not satisfied by our conclusion that no one had broken in, she'd followed us all the way outside the building. Now we were shivering in the rain while the PRBs buggered off back to the station.

"You signed it," my florist continued on the other end of the tabphone. "I have the e-signature here. Amber Rames."

"He moved my tulips! I saw Joe standing in my living room! He moved them to the coffee table because he knows I hate having them there, and then he left before I could call! I've told him, don't you ever come into my flat again --"

"It was definitely roses," I said.

"Tulips!" Hestia screeched.

I sighed and hoisted my tabphone further up my earlobe, hoping that the gleam of artificial sunlight against the glass might catch her attention. I'm not talking to you, daft bat!

I'm not talking to you, daft bat! I shouldn't have been talking to my florist either, but in the run-up to the wedding I'd developed a bad habit of answering calls without checking who it was. And once my florist had casually informed me that four bouquets of peonies had arrived, I hadn't been able to postpone the conversation. Our wedding day was just over a week away, and buying real flowers in 2186 was expensive. So I was going to get the bloody type I'd ordered.

"Mrs Smith," Alex said. "Joe has been dead for three years, and we've..."

"You signed for peonies," my florist repeated. "I sent this to you before they were dispatched, and you --"

"All right, I get it." I dragged a hand through my hair, feeling the November wind and rain wrap its chilly fingers around my scalp. "I signed without looking because I assumed that when I'd asked for roses, you'd written roses. I'm too busy organising the rest of my wedding and searching for spiteful ghosts to be making sure you're doing your job!"

your "...and nothing has been disturbed," Alex finished. "We're satisfied that no one has broken into your flat, Mrs Smith."

"The tulips have been disturbed, boy!" Hestia said. "Why won't you listen to me? In my day, every report made to the police was taken seriously."

tulips "Can't you send the peonies back and get me the roses?" I asked.

"Tulips!"

"Tulips!" "I don't know if our exchange policy will allow that," my florist said. "And even if we did, I can't guarantee that they'd arrive before your wedding."



"This report has been taken seriously, ma'am," Alex said. "The PRBs have searched your flat, and we've interviewed your neighbours. No one has seen a man of your husband's description in or around the block today, no one has forced entry to your home, and the CCTV in the corridor has captured no one arriving except us."

"Ghosts don't show up on video cameras, boy," Hestia said, as if my sergeant was stupid. "And they don't have to force doors to come in. My Joe just passes through the walls."

I pressed a hand against my forehead, trying to crush a budding headache. "You don't have to guarantee it, you just have to do it. I'm on duty now, so don't call me again until after five -- and don't call me until I have roses."

***

We finally escaped from Hestia Smith and trudged back down her road in the direction of the police station. It was almost ten now, but Socrico's lighting was still dim. The towering brownstone buildings cast dark patches over the road, and the metal walkways above us looked like menacing serpents. Much higher above them, looping train tracks gleamed under the artificial lights, although it was hard to hear the whoosh of trains over the screech of nearby trams and clatter of shoes on steel.

"We should charge her with wasting police time." I stuffed my hands in my pockets as we walked, trying to warm my fingers. "We're not the bloody Ghostbusters."

Amusement flickered in Alex's green eyes. "Maybe we should tell her to give them a call. What are peonies, anyway?"

"Besides being a type of flower I don't want in my bouquet, I have no idea."

He smiled and slid his arm around my waist. "Be careful, bridezilla. You might get your roses, or you might just scare the florist away."

"Bridezilla?" I raised an eyebrow. "If she thinks I'm scary, she shouldn't be in business. There must be worse brides than me. I'm not asking for a fairy tale, just the fucking flowers I've paid for!"

"Maybe peonies wouldn't look so bad?"

"I want roses because you bought them for me on Valentine's Day. Maybe peonies would look nice, if I knew what they looked like, but they wouldn't have the same --"

A scream pierced the city.

The hairs on the back of my neck stood up. We froze in place for a moment, then Alex tore his arm away from me and broke into a sprint. I ripped my pistol from its holster and followed him.

We ran down to the end of the road and around another bend, following the scream even as the sound rang and faded. Shadows clung to the sides of the street, and dark platforms crossed overhead. A woman was lying on her back in the middle of the concrete.

Alex reached her first, his tabphone already against his ear. I was one step behind, sighting down my pistol into the darkness.

I dropped when I reached her, landing on my knees in a pool of blood and rainwater. I noticed the knife in her chest at the same time as I pushed my jacket against the wound; noticed her bleary eyes at the same time as I reached for her wrist.

"You can't go that quickly." My fingers found her fading pulse. "We've called an ambulance. You're going to be okay."

But I knew that we were too late.

***

The PRBs turned up not long after the rain had stopped and the paramedics had arrived. My older sister, Doctor Cassia Rames, and her robot assistant were among them.

The street had been transformed with electro-tape, journalists, and curious crowds, but she passed it all without breaking a stride. She turned a few heads, even in her forensic suit. While she hadn't hit the headlines, it was public knowledge that she and Crown Prosecution Service barrister Miles Grant had recently divorced, and with a single status attached to her platinum blonde hair, blue eyes, and full lips, she was quite a catch.

was

Too bad for Socrico that she had more interest in dead bodies than men right now.

Alex was a few paces away, giving instructions to the PRBs. I was looking through the victim's national profile on my ilenz, and but I powered it down when Cassia reached us. "Morning. Victim's name is Ruby Beaumont. She's twenty-four. Unmarried. Unemployed. Her parents live in New London, but she has a younger sister, Jade, based here. I need to make this quick so that I can inform --"

"I heard you were with her when she died." Cassia's gaze swept beneath my defences with the efficiency of a scalpel. "Are you okay?"

Guilt ebbed through me as I pulled the electrodes away from my right temple. Ruby's life couldn't have been saved no matter what we'd done, but responsibility had still settled on my shoulders. With every life lost, it always did.

I shrugged. "The weapon is obviously a knife, but I didn't want to look closely at it until you'd examined the body."

Cassia rolled her eyes at my blunt avoidance and knelt beside Ruby Beaumont. She had been a beautiful woman, smooth-skinned, with hair like Goldilocks that fell to her waist. Her fake fur coat was unzipped, each side pulled neatly away from the knife that had been plunged through her jumper into the top of her chest. Skinny jeans clad long, slim legs. A red handbag was lying by her side.

My gaze slid to the knife again.

Alex came back while Cassia examined the weapon in situ. "It looks like a wedding cake knife. It's got something engraved on it."

My sergeant rubbed the stubble across his jaw. "I thought wedding cake knives were blunt, to scoop the cake up with."

"They often come in sets of two with a sharp one to use for cutting." I sighed. "I wish I didn't know that."

Cassia was still squinting at the blade. "Iberia and...someone. But I can't make out who she's marrying."

"Or not marrying." Alex looked at the body again.

"No, the victim's called Ruby Beaumont," I said. "I don't know who Iberia is, but I'll find out. What else can you tell us, Cassia?"

"It hit the aorta. Time of death I could only guess at, but you'll know better. I suppose you didn't see anyone hanging around when you arrived?"

If only. I clenched my jaw. "No. Whoever it was had already gone. They just stuck her and ran. I've checked her bag, and nothing seems to be missing: she still has her tabphone, and there's a pretty bracelet tucked inside, too. So I don't think she was mugged."

If only. A shout rang over the crowd, and I turned around. A young man was pushing his way through the huddle of people on the other side of the electro-tape.

"Alex," I said, "call City of New London police and get them to inform Ruby's parents."

I strode towards the man. He had cropped, dark hair and a cleft in his chin, and huge muscles strained under a waterproof jacket. He might have been attractive in a blunt, rugged way had he not glowered at everyone he passed.

When I reached him, he was already in the process of ducking under the electro-tape. As he straightened up, he caught his head on it and scowled as an electric shock bolted through his system. It only seemed to have the effect of poking an angry bear with a stick.

"Sir," I said. "This is a crime scene. You can't --"

"The fuck I can't." He tried to swerve around me. "That's my friend --"

I moved to block him. "You knew Ruby Beaumont?"

"Ruby?" He jerked to a stop. "Oh, God. That's Ruby? Are you sure?"

I turned around and looked at the crime scene. Ruby's long, golden hair against the concrete was nothing if not eye-catching. "Yes, we've identified her electronically."

He paled. "I thought it was her sister. Oh, God..."

"Jade Beaumont?"

"Yes, that's right." He glanced at me, his gaze sharpening. "Are you sure? You can't make a mistake with your system?"

sure? "I'm sure. Could you tell me your name, please?"

"Levi Ford."

"Levi, if you're a friend of Jade, do you know where she is now?"

"She should be with Iberia, getting ready for the wedding. God, she'll be devastated."

"Iberia?" That name again. "Who --"

My earpiece buzzed.

"Excuse me." I turned my back on Levi and tapped it twice to answer the call. "Rames speaking."

"Amber, this is Dixon. Bad news. We've got another body, and you're the only person I can send over there."

"Another?" I frowned. "But, sir, I'm not finished here."

"Get Alex to oversee things. The victim's a journalist -- you might have heard of her. Iberia Mills?"

I turned back to look at Levi, my frown deepening. "Yes. I just heard her name thirty seconds ago."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 53


Iberia Mills had lived in a brownstone building just one street away, built on grey concrete against a dull sky. Cassia and I walked there with her pathologist robot a step behind us, lost in thought.

A bridesmaid had been killed, and now the bride, too...

We entered the building and rode a lift up to the second floor. Iberia's flat wasn't too far down the hallway, easy to identify because she'd chosen to replace the standard black wood with a sheet of mirrored glass. A PRB was standing on duty outside it, watching us with eerie blue eyes.

Near the robot were Detective Constable Emily Laney and a young woman who looked like Ruby Beaumont. A folding umbrella hung limply between her fingers, glowing neon blue.

I flashed my warrant card at the PRB, and it handed us two forensic suits before stepping aside. I was grateful that I didn't have to make a verbal request -- they rarely did what I asked them to.

I left Cassia to suit up and enter the flat with her robot assistant, drifting towards the young woman instead. Laney was attempting to take an informal statement from her, but she fell silent as I halted beside them.

"Inspector Rames." I held my warrant card up again. "Are you Jade Beaumont?"

"Yes." The woman's voice thickened, and her lower lips trembled. "I was the one who... I kept ringing the doorbell, but Iberia wasn't responding. Oh, God..."

"What time did you arrive?"

"Just before ten. We were supposed to arrive between ten and half ten so that we could begin getting ready for the afternoon ceremony -- she was getting married."

"Who to?"

"Ethan Sharpe." She scrubbed away a tear. "Someone will have to tell him."

"Leave that to us." I glanced at the detective constable. "Laney, could you sort it?"

"Yes, ma'am." She broke away from us.

I turned back to Jade. "You were a bridesmaid?"

"Yes. And the others should be here soon." She looked over my shoulder anxiously.

"What are their names?"

"Danielle -- Ethan's sister -- and Ruby."

"Ruby Beaumont? Your sister?"

Your "Yes." Her eyes came back to mine and narrowed. "How do you know that?"

Oh, fuck. It was the moment I'd been dreading.

"I'm very sorry, Jade. Ruby was stabbed to death this morning."

***

When Laney returned, I left her with a hysterical Jade and instructions to let me know when the remaining bridesmaid turned up. Until she did, all the other answers would be inside.

I attached my ilenz, then put my forensic suit on and approached the front door. It had been left open a crack so that we didn't have to keep requesting access, and I almost smiled as I entered the crime scene. If Alex had been here, he would have already disengaged the doorbell system to solve that problem.

The entrance hall was plain: bright magnolia walls, pine floors, and not a hologram photograph in sight. It smelled of cheap perfume and instant coffee, but expenses had been splashed out on the doors, which were all mirrored.

Ahead of me, Cassia was bending over something in the bedroom, her blonde ponytail flopping forward. She didn't notice my arrival, so I postponed meeting the body in favour of passing through the only other open door.



It led to a small kitchen, arranged in a galley style with a little blue table at the back of the room. The counters were clear, but the table was piled with real wedding magazines and bits of breakfast debris. A mug emblazoned with BREAKING NEWS: CAFFEINE TIME was balanced on an old, clunky tablet.

BREAKING NEWS: CAFFEINE TIME One PRB was already in the room, staring listlessly at the counters. I knew that it would be examining the nothingness that lay there very carefully with lenses almost as powerful as microscopes in its bright blue eyes. I went to the table instead, deciding that it would probably hold more clues.

The mug was half-filled with coffee, cooling but not yet stone cold. Iberia had already risen when her murderer had arrived, and the attack hadn't occurred long ago.

I lifted up a muffin wrapper, but it revealed nothing except the magazine beneath it. Peaking under the glossy volumes also proved to be fruitless, but they did stoke some envy in me. The paper felt nice beneath my nitrile fingers. If there was one thing I should have splashed out on for my wedding, perhaps it ought to have been magazines. Curling up on my sofa with Alex and a real magazine on a cold autumn night sounded much better than what had really happened: browsing through e-versions on sweaty trams in the middle of summer.

But it was too late now. One week.

One week. My stomach tightened. Turning my back on the magazines, I went to the bedroom.

Pitifully small, it contained a single bed tucked against the far wall, a desk, and a wardrobe. White wood, cream sheets, and bright yellow cushions had been used to give the illusion that it was big and airy, but among them were a clutter of discarded clothes, electrode earphones, and sentimental knick-knacks.

And a body.

Iberia Mills was lying face-down on the carpet beside the wardrobe, clad only in a dressing gown. Her legs were drawn up towards her head, and her bouncy, brown hair was streaked with blood and gore. A stained stiletto was lying beside her. The other was standing by her bed, underneath a wedding dress spread across the yellow cushions.

Cassia looked up. "She's been beaten with this shoe. Time of death was very recent -- I won't be able to tell you who was killed first."

"It must have been Iberia." I crossed the threshold and looked at the woman, noting again the way she'd curled up to protect herself. "The one who called for an ambulance, Jade Beaumont, says she arrived here at almost the same time we heard Ruby..."

My sister picked up the stiletto and handed it to me. "It's another stabbing with another wedding weapon."

It looked like the most lethal shoe in Socrico. Open-toed, lacy, and white, its platform was enormous and the heel was at least six inches. It was also uncovered, the metal stiletto exposed like a cybernetic implant in the lace. Blood caked the heel.

"Yes." I lowered it. "Kill the bride with her own wedding shoes and the bridesmaid with a cake knife. I wonder who was intending to give Iberia and Ethan that knife at their wedding. Ruby?"

"She wasn't carrying anything to suggest it. No case, no gift bag..." Cassia's eyebrows puckered gently.

"So it was the murderer's."

"Makes sense." She bent over the body again. "We've already taken photos, so I'll turn her over now."

She rolled Iberia onto her back, and we studied the victim's face. Bare of make-up, she looked much younger than her friends. She was marred with blood and bruises, her expression pained in death. More stiletto-shaped scrapes had been made over the top of her chest, visible where her dressing gown had loosened.



My ilenz scanned her face automatically and displayed her national profile. Iberia Mills. Twenty-three. Orphaned. Journalist. A sea of links to her most recent articles swam beneath her job title. They were all details that could be examined later.

I closed the profile down and crouched beside Cassia, my gaze fastening on the ragged edges of a cut across Iberia's jawline. "This is everything that Ruby's attack wasn't. Private, brutal, drawn-out. You've got to have guts to keep wounding someone like this."

Cassia, wrapped up in examining what we'd just uncovered, didn't reply.

Too restless to wait, I rose and did a sweep of the rest of the flat, seeing what rooms lay behind the mirrored doors. Living room, dining room, bathroom. Only the last one caught my interest.

It was a mess. A long counter stood against the right-hand wall, and several bags had been pulled out of the cupboard underneath. Their supplies had been ripped from them and spilled across the counter. Bottles of foundation, tubes of concealer, jars of nail varnish, hundreds of lipsticks...there was so much that several items had rolled off and landed on the floor.

Had Iberia been searching for something special to wear on her big day?

I turned my attention to the shower. The glass wasn't steamed up, and when I pressed a gloved hand against it, I couldn't feel any moisture collecting on the nitrile. I also found Iberia's hair products arranged neatly in an overhead cupboard. But for the make-up, it would have seemed like she hadn't begun getting ready before the murderer had arrived.

I turned around, thinking of the coffee cup in the kitchen. She'd definitely been awake. Perhaps an alarm on her tabphone would be able to narrow down the time of --

awake. In the corner of my eye, my reflection moved. It looked oddly red. I turned to get a proper look and caught my breath.

FUCK YOU was scrawled across the mirror in lipstick.

FUCK YOU Surprise injected me with adrenaline, and my heart skittered as I glanced at the cosmetics spilling from the counter. That was why they were such a mess. The murderer had been in here.

I turned back around. As I moved my feet, one boot landed on a thin tube of lipstick and shot out from underneath me. I fell forward just as a tall, dark shape filled the doorway.

Alex caught me before I could make us a set of human dominoes. "Are you that pleased to see me?"

Another surprise. My mouth turned dry as his fingers tightened on my biceps. We'd been intimate for almost a year, but his touch still did funny things to me.

"Okay?" His lips curved up on one side. He knew exactly why words weren't forthcoming.

I cleared my throat and tried again. "Yes. I wasn't expecting you so soon."

He glanced around the bathroom, and when his gaze landed on the mirror, his eyes narrowed. His hands fell from my arms. "No hard feelings there."

"Clearly." I squeezed past him into the hallway. "Now that you're here, you can do the honour of fetching the PRBs. Is there anyone else hanging around outside apart from Jade Beaumont?"

"Yes, actually." Alex followed me. "Laney asked me to let you know that Danielle Sharpe's showed up. She also told me there's no sign of a break-in here."

"Yes. Iberia must have let the murderer in herself -- she must have known them." I stopped between the kitchen and the front door. "Tell the PRBs to look in the bathroom, get caught up with Cassia, and then meet me out here."

I checked Iberia's coffee machine for the time of the last drink it had made. 9:08 a.m. Armed with that information, I went outside to talk to the bridesmaids.

9:08 a.m.

DC Laney was still standing with Jade Beaumont, her bright face now crushed in devastation. They'd been joined by a young woman with mousy brown hair, the first section combed back and secured with a clip so that none of it could tumble over her long face. She watched Laney with a clear but hesitant gaze, one arm looped loosely around Jade. My ilenz identified her as Danielle Sharpe. Both women were twenty-three, like Iberia. Jade ran a cake shop. Danielle was a paralegal at a nearby solicitor's firm.

I stripped off my nitrile gloves and unzipped my forensic suit so that I could tie the arms around my waist. Then I removed my ilenz and approached the group. All heads turned to me.

Digging my warrant card out to show Danielle, I said, "Inspector Rames. I'm sorry for your losses. I was hoping to ask some questions, but if you're not feeling up to it yet, I can wait."

Jade cleared her throat, another tear spilling onto her cheek. "I don't think I will ever feel up to it. So it doesn't matter when."

"Informally?" Danielle checked.

"Yes. Your statements will be taken at a different time. First of all, I'd like to know where you were between nine and ten this morning."

They both mumbled something about being in their flats. Danielle lived with her twin brother. Jade had shared a flat with her sister.

"So why weren't you walking here with her?" I asked.

Jade gulped. "She wasn't on her way here. She'd gone out to get some milk. Iberia said that we could arrive between ten and half past. I wanted to be early, but Ruby...she was more laid back about it all. She said she was going to have a cup of tea and chill out before she entered all the drama. She was --" Jade stumbled over the word. " Was aiming more for half-past."

here. Was I wondered what the murderer would have done if Ruby had still been in her flat. Easily gained access like they had with Iberia?

"Tell me a bit about this wedding," I said. "Iberia was going to marry Ethan Sharpe?"

Nods all around.

"Were they a happy couple?"

"Yes," Jade said quickly. "They were a perfect couple, like something from a fairy tale. They were so in love."

"How did Iberia seem as the wedding approached?"

"Excited. She'd bought us all matching dressing gowns that said we were bridesmaids. She couldn't wait for us to get ready together and then follow her down the aisle..." Jade pressed a hand against her mouth.

"She'd been making vlogs for months," Danielle added quietly. "She filmed a lot of the preparation for the wedding and uploaded it to Xplora. They're called Dairies of a Fiancée ."

Dairies of a Fiancée Those were something we'd have to watch, then. "Who else was supposed to be coming to the flat this morning? Any hairstylists? Make-up artists?"

"I was doing our hair," Danielle said. "And we were all doing our make-up ourselves."

"Okay. What about Ruby? Was she excited to be a bridesmaid?"

Jade's fingers curled up at her sides. "Yes. Almost as excited as Iberia."

"What was Iberia like yesterday?"

Jade shook her head and looked down at the floor. Danielle stepped in. "Bright and happy. Looking forward to the wedding."

Behind me, the front door creaked open. I glanced over my shoulder to see Alex striding out of Iberia's flat. He spoke to the PRB. "Shut that properly. I've disengaged the locking system."

I smiled.

He came to my side, and I turned back to the bridesmaids. "This is Sergeant O'Sullivan."

Lift doors slid open behind me. I sighed and glanced over my shoulder again, expecting to see more PRBs or police officers. Two citizens arrived instead, dressed in jeans and winter coats. One was Levi Ford. I didn't recognise the other, but I thought I could probably guess who he was. A gaze like thunder swung around the corridor, skimming over me and settling on Alex. Obviously deciding that my immaculate sergeant was the person to talk to, he lumbered towards him with a tight, square jaw. "You have to let me see her!"

Levi followed, and it was only then that I realised we were not in the company of two new people, but three. He was carrying a little boy, his stance unnatural as if he wasn't quite sure he was doing it right. Danielle lifted the child from his arms.

I cleared my throat, bringing everyone's attention back to me. "I'm sorry, sir, I can't allow anyone inside. I assume you're Ethan Sharpe?"

The man frowned. "Who are you?"

"Inspector Rames. This is Sergeant O'Sullivan." I jerked my thumb at Alex. "We're sorry for your loss."

"I want to see her."

"You can't. But you can answer some questions to help us." I thought it was best to just fire them at him before he tried to walk straight into the crime scene like Levi had done on the street. "Where were you this morning between nine and ten?"

"I was at home with Danielle," Ethan said. He was still watching the door, his gaze starting to space out.

"I was at home, too," Levi added. "I live alone."

An alibi I hadn't asked for. Interesting.

I looked at Ethan. "And how did Iberia seem to you in the run-up to the wedding?"

you "She...she is -- she was..." He swallowed. "She was very excited. She believed it was going to be perfect." He looked away, rubbing a hand over his face. "If she could have lived to see one day only, it would have been this."

"And you?" Alex asked. "Were you excited for the wedding?"

"Of course."

"So nothing was worrying the pair of you?" I checked. "Nothing was worrying Iberia?"

"No." His voice sharpened as he glanced back at us. "She was so happy. What kind of monster could have taken that away from her?"

"I don't know, but I intend to find out." I looked around the whole group. "Are you all sure there was nothing worrying Iberia, related to the wedding or otherwise? Or Ruby?"

all "There couldn't have been a better time in our lives," Jade whispered.

"So neither of them had any enemies?"

Danielle looked at her brother. Jade looked at Levi.

"No," Ethan said for them at last.

"All right. Thank you for your time. We'll escort you back downstairs now -- and I advise you to go home."

We herded them towards the lift. Ethan, Levi, and Danielle took the hint. Jade Beaumont lingered, casting a wary glance at her companions.

I lowered my voice. "Is there something else?"

"I don't know what it has to do with my sister," she said softly, "but Iberia does have an enemy. Ethan's father, William Sharpe. He hated Iberia's guts, and he threatened to disown Ethan for marrying her."

does

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 54


We caught a tram to the Sharpes' once we were finished at the crime scene. The only seats available were at the front, near some skiving teenagers talking about illegal grinder implants. I pretended that I wasn't a police officer, instead focusing on curling and uncurling my toes as they slowly turned numb.

Alex found the national profile of William Sharpe on his tabphone, and I read it over his shoulder as we travelled. He was fifty. An accountant. Married to an ex-model of a similar age, Brittany Sharpe. He looked grumpy in his profile picture, and he wasn't even frowning -- there was just something about his cold, grey eyes.

He lived on the opposite side of the city, where the skyscrapers looked like they were made of diamonds, not dirty stone. Two huge cuboids of glass twisted around a strong steel core, offering floor-to-ceiling views. They would be privacy windows, of course: we could not see in, but everyone could see out. If they wanted to, at least. Most people in neighbourhoods like this were able to reprogram what they saw to something artificial: rolling gardens, New London skyscrapers, sandy beaches from the surface. Whatever they wanted, they could have.

It was not my world, but it was a world I had often walked in during my time as a detective. Entering the lobby, we nonchalantly bypassed several robots who wanted to know exactly what business we had there and rode a lift up to the twentieth floor.

I rang the Sharpes' doorbell. "May we come in?"

A round screen complete with a camera lens appeared in the door. It took a second to check that we weren't blocked from requesting access, and then the doorbell spoke. "Let me ask William and Brittany."

But a scraping bark of a voice was already talking. "Who is it?"

"Inspector Rames and Sergeant O'Sullivan, sir." I held up my warrant card. "Socrico Police."

"Make it quick. I don't have long."

The door swung open on a dark hallway decorated with abstract paintings in neon hues. William Sharpe emerged in an archway at the far end, wearing a charcoal suit that matched his expression. His gaze passed over us reprovingly. "In here."

I led us down the hall. William backed away as we approached and kept well clear when we entered the room. It was a study , with a monster-sized desk standing as the centrepiece. Carved from a stunning mixture of steel and thick mahogany, it reminded me of Iberia's shoes: the leather and the exposed metal heel, the intertwined gentleness and brutality.

Steel wound around the wood of the table legs, glinting harshly in the bright lights. More rose up through the surface with jagged edges like knives, turning the whole table into something sinister. A tablet was propped up against one sharp sheet; a glass of brandy nestled beside another. William sat down and reached across for it carelessly, the blades a whisker away from the sleeve of his jacket.

Only an idiot could so boldly challenge his furniture to cut him.

The rest of the room, at least, looked less like a torture chamber. The other end of the study was occupied by two dark leather sofas, standing sedately on a fluffy rug. A woman was lounging across one with her bare ankles hooked over each other, but she looked up as we entered and stood to receive us. At forty-nine, Brittany Sharpe had plenty of laughter lines, but with full lips, high cheekbones, and rich, dark skin, she was still every inch the model.

She gave us a practised smile, flashing unnaturally white teeth. "Inspector, Sergeant, welcome. Please do have a seat. Can I get you anything? Tea? Coffee?"

"We have robots for that, Brittany," William said. One slunk into the room behind him, tall and silver.

"You know I like to host." She waved a hand, her smile falling. "Send it away."



The robot pivoted and left as smoothly as it had come, controlled by hidden electrodes on William or a brain implant. Brittany followed it.

We sat down on the sofa opposite the one she'd vacated. William refilled his glass from a decanter, which he then returned to its place enclosed by jagged scraps of metal. As he took his first sip, he eyed us over the rim of his glass with disinterest.

I waited until he'd put it down again. "We have some bad news for you, sir. Your son's fiancée has been murdered."

Nothing showed in his eyes. "Iberia?"

"Yes. One of her bridesmaids, Ruby Beaumont, was also stabbed to death this morning."

He frowned. "The wedding's off, then. Why the devil hasn't Ethan called to let us know?"

I was so flabbergasted by his attitude, I just stared at him.

"It's come to our attention that you disliked Iberia," Alex said smoothly. "Why was that?"

"It's very simple. She's working class." William smiled faintly and lifted the glass back to his lips. "Call me old-fashioned, but I would prefer Ethan to marry one of his own."

"You're not sorry about her death," I observed.

"Why would I be? I've admitted that I never liked her."

"Your son will be grieving."

"More fool him."

"You threatened to disown him for marrying Iberia."

"As he hasn't married her, that won't be necessary."

"Mr Sharpe, I don't think you understand how serious this crime is," I said coldly. "We are discussing the murders of two young women. Would telling you that Iberia was brutally beaten to death with her own shoe help you to find some respect?"

Not a muscle in his body tensed, but his eyes darkened. "You need to find your own respect. I have every right to throw you out on your ear."

"If you do, I'll just continue this at the station. You're a person of interest in this investigation, whether you're interested or not. Where were you between nine and ten this morning?"

you're "Right here. Brittany will tell you. Brittany! "

Brittany! She entered with a tray bearing coffee, which she started to put down on the little table in front of us.

"Iberia's dead, Brittany," William said. "Tell them where I was between nine and ten this morning."

The tray slid from her hands and crashed to the floor. Mugs shattered, ceramic flying across the rug in millions of tiny pieces. She looked up at me, the colour draining from her cheeks. "Iberia's...?"

William sighed and averted his eyes. "Oh, for goodness' sake. Don't be so dramatic. Tell them where I was."

Brittany swayed. Alex rose and took her by the shoulders. "Sit down, Mrs Sharpe."

He pushed her onto the opposite sofa, and she buried her head in her hands. "Oh, God. She's really dead?"

"Yes," I said. "I'm sorry. She was murdered this morning. So was one of her bridesmaids, Ruby Beaumont."

"Two murders?" Brittany looked up. "Are my children okay?"

"Yes, but they're very upset. As you can imagine." I turned back to her husband. "Mr Sharpe, what did you think of Ruby Beaumont?"

William shrugged. "She was one of their friends. I've seen her a few times, but we've never spoken."

"We hardly interacted with the bridesmaids." Brittany slowly sat up. "Or...Iberia. She and Ethan organised most of the wedding themselves. We just footed some bills."



"How did Ethan and Iberia meet?" Alex asked.

William shrugged and looked away, picking up his glass again.

"At school," Brittany said. "They went to the same secondary school and dated there, then carried on at college. When they went to university, they broke up, but they found their way back together again afterwards."

"So they were childhood sweethearts," I said.

"Yes." Her voice cracked. "They were deeply in love."

"Iberia was a gold-digger!" William crowed.

"No, she was not!" Brittany turned on him, her face twisting. "Don't you think our boy would've had the sense to see that if she was?"

"Ethan lacks sense. And we both know Danielle is no better." He shook his head and muttered, "They obviously take after their mother."

I exchanged a very awkward look with Alex and cleared my throat. "Do you know how Iberia met Ruby Beaumont?"

very "Through her younger sister, Jade," Brittany said. "She was in the same year as Iberia at school, and they became friends."

"Right. I don't suppose you can think of any enemies Iberia or Ruby might have had?"

She glanced at William coldly. "Aside from my husband, none at all. But he's right. He was here with me."

***

"Even Brittany doesn't seem certain of her husband's innocence." I fastened my leather jacket as we left the glass skyscraper. The winter wind was a shock to my system, and rain was spitting from the weather simulator.

"She has alibied him, though," Alex said. "The only people without alibis are Jade Beaumont and Levi Ford."

"Whatever. I still think William could kill without blinking." I quickened my pace as I began to fall behind my sergeant. "Anyway, we have no motives for Jade or Levi. On the other hand, we do have a motive for William: to stop Iberia from marrying Ethan."

do "What about Ruby?"

"We'll find that out. The first thing I want you to do when we get back is access the guest list and trawl through it. I want to know who everyone was and why they'd been invited. In particular, I want to know what connections they have with Iberia Mills and Ruby Beaumont."

"Iberia will have a connection with almost everyone -- it was her wedding."

We reached the tram stop, and I flashed him a smile. "You'd better get your skates on, then, or it'll take you all day."

A silver tram turned onto the road, and we took it to the high street. The centre of the city was less glass and more dense brownstone buildings, rising into the concrete sky like shadows. Only the neon signs differentiated them from each other, and one of the biggest signs on the street had just appeared overnight. It was for EarthC, a virtual reality experience that had spent the autumn sweeping across Britain, promising lifelike trips to locations on Earth as they had been during the twenty-first century.

Down here in the real world, it was still raining, and the street reeked of burning rubber, damp, and coffee as we got off the tram. Pushing through crowds of commuters in light-up raincoats, we turned onto the road that housed the police station. Dwarfed by skyscrapers, the boxy building was guarded by black PRBs with rifles slung across their chests.

Two facial recognition scanners as thin as glass were mounted to the steel door. They analysed us and flashed green, and the door rose upwards. When it was halfway up, I ducked under. Alex was too tall to follow me, so I crossed the entrance hall alone. By the time he'd caught up, I'd already been scanned again and unlocked the second door in the middle of the touchglass partition.



We passed into the main part of the station and headed for our shared office, a small cube within the maze. My tabphone started ringing as we stepped inside.

I pulled it out of my pocket and actually paused to check who was calling this time. But after the disaster with the peonies, even seeing that it was the seamstress in charge of my wedding dress didn't stop me from answering.

Cyra Winter appeared on my screen, an elderly woman with candyfloss pink hair. "Good morning, Amber. Just a quick reminder that you're due to pick your dress up today at five."

Cyra owned Winter Brides, a wedding dress shop that she ran with the help of one robot and no one else. It was the only place where Nina had approved of any of the dresses I'd tried on.

I released my tabphone so that it was hovering in the air at eye level. "Thanks. I'd completely forgotten."

"I want you to try it on one more time," Cyra said, "so make sure you bring the right shoes with you."

I promised that I would and ended the call, glancing at my sergeant. He was sitting behind his desk, immersed in his own tabphone. I wasn't entirely convinced that he'd heard any of the conversation.

I tested the waters. "I'll have to leave early to get there on time."

"Okay," he mumbled.

I sighed. Long ago in June, deciding not to have a wedding planner had seemed like a good way to save money. But I'd soon realised that Alex wasn't going to be quite as helpful as I'd hoped, and as the months had gone on, I'd found myself organising more and more on my own. Men and wedding planning...it didn't seem to mix.

Still damp from the rain, I turned on my heel and walked back across our office. "I'll get us coffee to warm up. And some lunch." Including chocolate.

"Thanks, Amber." His voice was clearer this time.

I glanced over my shoulder and saw that he'd finally looked up, the promise of caffeine lighting a spark in his eyes. That was the way to catch his attention.

That I pulled open the door. "Did you hear me when I --"

His gaze rose just above my shoulder. "Watch out."

I turned around and realised that I'd been about to walk smack-bang into Detective Chief Superintendent Ky Dixon.

"Morning. May I come in?" He raised his eyebrows.

I was still standing in the doorway. "Oh. Yes, sir."

He followed me back into the office and across to Alex's desk. "Tell me about these murders. Ruby Beaumont and Iberia Mills -- are they linked?"

"Yes, sir," I said, perching on the edge of my sergeant's workspace. My wet jeans squashed themselves against my thighs, slowly freezing me. "Ruby Beaumont was going to be a bridesmaid for Iberia. The wedding ceremony was supposed to take place today."

"Who was she marrying?"

"Ethan Sharpe. We've spoken to him already, as well as the best man and the rest of the bridesmaids. We know that Ethan's father, William Sharpe, hated Iberia enough to threaten to disown Ethan for marrying her."

"And Ruby?"

"He doesn't appear to have any connection to her apart from by association with the wedding." I glanced at Alex, who was keeping half an eye on his tabphone and half an eye on Dixon. "But we'll keep digging."

"Good. What about Ethan? I've been told there was no sign of a break-in at Iberia's flat. She let her killer in."

"We don't have anything against him yet, sir. Friends of the two say that they were the perfect couple. But we'll look through their conversations on Iberia's tabphone."



"I'll get someone to bring both tabphones in for you." Dixon backed away. "Dig deep. You know it's usually the partners."

"Yes, sir."

Dixon left, and I escaped to the staff cafeteria once the coast was clear. The coffee tasted awful, but I was desperate enough for caffeine to drink it. I filled two paper cups, then bought two sandwiches and a chocolate bar before carrying it all back down to our office.

When I entered, two tabphones had been put on my desk. I set my goods beside them, then took what remained to Alex. "Have you got the guest list?"

He kept his gaze on his tabphone. "Yes, Ethan sent it to me. Ruby has no connection to any of the guests aside from the bridal party. I'm working on Iberia now."

While he did that, I put the victim's tabphones to one side and video-called Ruby's parents. Our progress with Iberia may have been slow, but we were making none at all with Jade Beaumont's sister. Perhaps her other family members would be able to provide a useful insight.

But when they told me they only saw her twice a year, it quickly became clear that they couldn't.

***

"I hate journalists," I said a while later as I finally reached the end of another Xplora conversation between Iberia and a source. "Two years' worth of messages. Nothing but nosiness."

another Alex smiled faintly. "I have good news and bad news. The good news is that I can look through Ruby's tabphone now, if you'd like."

"Yes, please." I reached for my coffee cup and groaned when I realised it was empty. "This is going to take forever. Do you think we could make copies of the conversations and send them to multiple devices so that someone else can help us?"

"It would take too long to do that securely."

"Even for you?"

"Yes." He crossed to my desk and picked up Ruby's tabphone. "You haven't heard my bad news yet."

"I was avoiding the subject." I sighed and sat back, closing my eyes. "Go on."

"Iberia wasn't just an orphan -- it seems that she was estranged from her whole family. Only Ethan's relatives were invited."

"Damn. Dead ends everywhere. The sooner you get looking through that tabphone, the better."

Alex took Ruby's tabphone to his desk, and I carried on scrolling through the messages on Iberia's. She'd arranged her Xplora contacts alphabetically, and Ethan was next. Given that they'd known each other since they were teenagers, I thought I might have to scroll all day.

I clicked on the conversation -- and hit a surprise.

Can't believe you did her, was Ethan's last message at 7:45 p.m. the previous evening. You disgust me.

Can't believe you did her, You disgust me. Iberia had sent numerous replies from 8:00 p.m. until 10:24 p.m.

I keep telling you why!!!

I keep telling you why!!! Pick up the phone

Pick up the phone Answer my calls

Answer my calls Fuck you

Fuck you "Alex, look at this. They had a big bust-up last night."

"About Ruby?"

"Ruby?" I stared at him. "What do you mean?"

"She was exchanging suggestive messages with Ethan." He looked back down at Ruby's tabphone. "Well, when I say suggestive..."

I crossed to his desk and looked over his shoulder. "Sexting."

"Times, dates, and meeting places, too." He spun his chair around to look at me. "He was cheating on Iberia. But that's not what they were arguing about?"

"No. 'Can't believe you did her,' was Ethan's last message." I scrolled up on Iberia's tabphone. "There's no mention of any names, and before that, they were fine. Whatever happened to spark this argument happened in person."

'Can't believe you did her,' "So they were both cheating. Maybe both of them were cheating with the bridesmaids?"

"We'll have to ask them." I perched on the edge of his desk. "It gives Ethan a motive now. He was angry with Iberia."

"But why would he kill Ruby, too?"

I thought for a moment. "Maybe they were both cheating on each other with Ruby?"

both Alex didn't look convinced. "Maybe. But there's another thing. The murders may be linked, but both were drastically different."

"Iberia's was private and drawn-out," I said. "Meanwhile, Ruby was stabbed in broad daylight in the middle of the street. It was quick, and it was public."

"Maybe Ruby was supposed to meet the same brutal fate as Iberia, but the murderer saw her leaving the flat."

"No," I said immediately. " Maybe she was supposed to be murdered at home, but carrying that engraved cake knife -- another weapon linked to the wedding -- is too much of a coincidence."

Maybe "And you hate coincidences."

"I hate things that look like coincidences. When the murderer decided to take that knife with them, the method of death had already been decided. There was only going to be one shoe beating."

look "So maybe we're dealing with two murderers. Ethan kills Iberia, and someone else kills Ruby."

"On the same day, at almost the same time?" I dragged a hand through my hair, letting my nails rake across my scalp. "No. That would be an even bigger coincidence."

Dixon opened the door to our office. "Any luck?"

"Not exactly, sir." I smoothed my hair down and stood up. "The messages have raised more questions than answers."

"Here's another question for you. Who's Lavender Jones?"

I looked at Alex. He raised an eyebrow. I shook my head in reply.

"Well, you're about to find out," Dixon said. "She's just arrived, and she's asking to speak to you, Amber. I've put her in Interview Room 2."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 55


Lavender Jones was sitting at the table in the interview room, both palms pressed against the surface. Huge rings bearing gemstones hugged every finger, and bangles glittered on her arms where she'd rolled up her jumper sleeves. Dark hair dip-dyed like strands of caramel framed a pretty, ageing face with pearly lips and a tawny skin tone.

I pushed the door open and entered the interview room. "Lavender Jones?"

The smile that pulled her mouth was tight, but there was a friendly light in her hazy eyes. "Yes. Are you Inspector Rames?"

"I am. This is Sergeant O'Sullivan."

We sat down together on the other side of the table. Lavender appraised Alex with a slightly wider smile, and I couldn't help but do the same. He was a tall and well-built man, his dark suit snug on him as if it had been custom made. Yet he had an edge of ruggedness too, in the stubble lining his jaw and the mischievous amusement waiting to shine in his eyes.

I cleared my throat and dragged my gaze back to Lavender. "We were told you wanted to speak with us...?"

She did the same, looking down at the table. "Yes, Ethan called. He told me about Iberia and Ruby." Her voice softened. "I was Iberia's wedding planner."

My ears pricked up. "So you'd been working with her closely over the past few months?"

"The past year, actually." She shook her head sadly. "It's still sinking in. This whole day was supposed to be revolving around her -- I would have been at the venue by now, keeping everything in check. But she's...gone." She leaned forward. "As soon as I heard the news, I came. I liked Iberia, and I've learned a lot about the girls. So if there's anything you need to know..."

"I need to know everything." I clasped my hands together on the table. "Introduce the wedding party to us. I'd like to learn about them in detail from an outsider's point of view."

"All right, then." Lavender sat back and thought for a moment. "I suppose I know the most about my clients, Iberia and Ethan. Iberia, in particular, I worked with a lot. As I'm her wedding planner, she can contact me any time she likes." Lavender hesitated. "Late last night, she called me in floods of tears because she was worried that Ethan wouldn't want to go through with the wedding."

"Do you know why?" Alex asked.

Lavender spread her hands. "She just said they'd had an argument. I tried to calm her down, reminding her that he hadn't actually called off the wedding."

actually "So she gave no indication at all as to what had come between them?"

"No. Sorry."

"You weren't aware if either party had cheated on each other?" I asked.

"Cheated?" She blinked at me. "No, they wouldn't do that. They were in love. According to Iberia, they met at secondary school and started dating when they were thirteen. They stayed together all the way until the end of college, and then they split up when they attended university. Ethan went away to New London while Iberia stayed here. But when he graduated and came back, they reconnected again very quickly. True love always finds a way."

"Right." I didn't want to taint her perception with the truth yet. "When did they get engaged? Just before they started planning the wedding, or a while before?"

"Last year. So that was roughly a year after they'd got back together."

Alex shifted in his seat, his leg brushing against mine. "How often did you actually meet Iberia and Ethan face to face?"

"Oh...too many times to count."

"What about the rest of the wedding party?" I asked. "Did you get to meet them?"



"I met two of the bridesmaids," Lavender said. "Jade and Danielle. Jade was the maid of honour, but Danielle helped out more because she was the only one who'd already married. Iberia told me that Danielle tied the knot at eighteen and fell pregnant not long afterwards with her little boy, Benjamin. But her husband died when they were twenty. There was an accident. He fell off a metal walkway while he was drunk." She lowered her voice. "Although Iberia speculated that he wasn't coping with the newborn very well and jumped. Anyway, after his death, Ethan moved in to help his twin sister look after the boy."

"Interesting. Do you happen to know the life story of Ruby Beaumont?"

Lavender pursed her lips. "No, I never met her in person. But I've seen a lot of them all together in some vlogs Iberia uploaded to Xplora -- Dairies of a Fiancée . I also gathered from Jade that the Beaumont sisters live alone together. Their parents moved to New London during the girls' university years, but they decided to stay here with their friends."

Dairies of a Fiancée "What do you know about Ethan's parents?" Alex asked.

Lavender's lip curled. "William Sharpe is a meddling old man. He called me several times with demands to change what Iberia wanted -- he had the power to do that with the parts of the wedding he'd paid for. It made things very difficult. He was trying to sabotage it."

"Because of Iberia's class?"

"Yes. He was convinced that she was a gold-digger, and he wasn't afraid to say it."

"Did anyone else dislike her?" I asked.

"Well..." Lavender shrugged. "All the girls got frustrated with her sometimes. She spoke her mind -- if she didn't like the way someone looked or what they did, she would say it, and harshly. And she bitched about everyone. But they loved her deep down."

"She'd offended Ethan recently, it seems," Alex said. "You mentioned earlier that she'd called you about an argument. She was worried that Ethan wouldn't want to marry her anymore. Was that because of something she'd done?"

"I'm sorry. I meant what I said -- I don't know what it was about."

"But she seemed to be the one they'd been arguing over?" I prompted. "She sounded afraid that he wouldn't marry her because of something she'd done?"

she'd "I think so, yes. But I really didn't get much sense out of her."

"We have Xplora messages from Ethan that suggest that Iberia had been cheating on him," Alex said. "Tell us the truth. Did you know about that?"

Her lips parted. "What? No, you must have that wrong. Iberia was head over heels in love with Ethan!"

"And Ethan," I said, "was cheating on Iberia with Ruby Beaumont. Had Iberia found out?"

Lavender shook her head violently. "No. You've got it wrong! They can't have done that. I thought...I thought they were in love."

I exchanged a look with Alex.

The only person who could answer our next questions was Ethan.

***

After dealing with unhelpful messages from other wedding guests, Alex asked the PRBs to run a search on the cake knife that had killed Ruby. It wasn't marked by brand, and they couldn't trace it to any online shops.

By the time we'd sorted that -- or not sorted that -- it was late afternoon. I tracked Ethan Sharpe on my tabphone and found that he was exactly where he was supposed to have been: St. Mary's Church.

It was just a few minutes' away from Iberia's flat, so we rode a tram as far as we could and then made the rest of the journey on foot. The rain had turned into a downpour. Shoppers struggling with umbrellas scurried down the road like wet rats. Students followed, holding bags or folders over their heads and squealing at the tops of their voices. Cigarette butts disintegrated on the concrete, and cheap neon signs struggled to stay alight as cracks allowed the water to seep in and destroy them.



Alex was striding ahead again, his hood drawn up. As I tried desperately not to fall behind, I stomped straight through a puddle. Dirty water splashed up my jeans, and I groaned as it soaked through the denim. "Rain, rain, go away. Come again another bloody day."

Alex slowed his stride. "You need a proper winter coat."

He was right. With only my leather jacket acting as an outer layer, it wasn't just my jeans that were getting wet. The jumper underneath was soaked through, and my hair was hanging down my neck in thick, dripping clumps. Water slid down back of my shirt collar, and I shivered irritably and scowled at my sergeant. "If that means having one like yours, no way. You know it'll break."

"All you have to do is snap your fingers, and the hood draws up or down."

"Something would go wrong with that, I'm sure. It wouldn't listen to me." I snapped them, watching his coat intently. "See? Your hood's not coming down."

He laughed. "Because it only listens to me ."

me "Oh. It never gets confused by anyone else? That's quite clever." I held up my hands. "But the answer is still no. I just can't cope with going as far as having rebellious technology in my coat. "

coat. St. Mary's Church came into view, clad in white stucco that was almost blinding among the winter shadows. Fifteen floors high, the skyscraper ended in a spire that was studded with white lights like diamantés. A neon blue cross hung over the doors. We turned off the road and walked straight in.

Between sterile white walls, pews of black leather lined an aisle. At the front of the room was a glass altar, and another neon cross was hanging on the wall behind it. Ethan was standing there with his back to us.

I walked up the aisle, careful to keep my footfalls quiet. Alex followed me. When we reached Ethan, we stood on either side of him.

He'd changed into a navy blue suit, white shirt, and black bow tie. A white rose was tucked into his top pocket. The flicker of his eyes told me that he'd registered our arrival, but he kept his gaze trained forward.

The church smelled faintly of incense and oil, and a strange sense of peace wrapped me up like a warm hug. Not for the first time, I wondered if God was real, or if it was just a placebo effect.

"You're grieving for two," I said.

Ethan finally looked at me. "Of course. Iberia was my fiancée. Ruby was my friend."

"With benefits." I thrust my hands into my sopping wet pockets. "Who are you imagining walking up this aisle? Ruby or Iberia?"

He turned sharply, the heels of his shoes squeaking against the floor. "Iberia. Ruby was just a bit of fun. All that wedding planning was such a nightmare, and I needed to be reminded of what it felt like to be light again. To be free."

"Did Ruby know it was just a casual thing? Or was she getting too clingy?"

"She was Iberia's bridesmaid. Our wedding was in her face whichever way she looked. Of course she knew it was casual."

"So she didn't need to be helped out of the picture?"

He tensed. " No. How do you know about us, anyway?"

No. "We have Ruby's tabphone," Alex said. "We've seen your messages."

"My messages?" Ethan's face turned puce. "Aren't there any God damn fucking laws protecting privacy anymore?"

I winced. If God was real, He wouldn't be happy. "There's no need to flatter yourself -- quite frankly, we're uninterested in your phone sex. What we are interested in is whether it has anything to do with the murders of Iberia and Ruby."

was are "What do you mean?"

"Last night, you had an argument with your fiancée. This morning, she was murdered."

He glowered. "We argued about Iberia -- not me. She never knew about Ruby. And I didn't kill either of them!"

"So you didn't go to Iberia's flat this morning, argue about your affair, and lose your temper?"

" No! I told you where I was: at home with Danielle."

No! "And you didn't go to Iberia's flat this morning, argue about her affair, and lose your temper?"

her "Her affair...?" He stared at me. "She wasn't cheating."

"Then what were you arguing about yesterday?"

He closed his eyes, his brows sinking together. His Adam's apple bobbed once, twice, trying to disgorge the words. Then he shook his head. "Iberia was the love of my life. I can't tell you."

He brushed past us and fled down the aisle. As he pulled open the glass doors, cold air flooded in and shattered the spell of peace. It prodded me into action with icy fingers, and I stepped after him.

Alex caught my shoulder. "Leave him. We've asked a lot today."

I met his eyes and saw a similar pain reflected there. He knew how it felt to be quizzed by the police after the murder of someone he loved.

I relaxed, letting Ethan go. My sergeant let go of me.

"Ethan's made up his mind," Alex said. "He's not going to tell us anything else now."

"Fine." But the chill that had swept into the building stayed, and I started to shiver.

Alex put his arms around me. "Also, it's twenty to five. Don't you have a wedding dress to collect?"

"Sh-- sugar." I slid away from him. "Yes. I'll have to go now because I need to grab my shoes. Tell Dixon when you get to the station, please -- I forgot to run it past him. And could you bring my bag back home? It's still in our office."

He shook his head with a wry smile. "You're so stressed, I'm sure you'd forget your head if it wasn't attached to you. We should have hired a wedding planner."

"Well, it's a bit late now." I strode to the doors. "Besides, I like being in control."

Alex caught up with me and took my hand. "I know. Are you sure you're not going to forget something about the wedding , though?"

wedding "What is there to forget? We've got the rings, and it's Sebastian's job to worry about those on the day. I'm fetching my dress now, so that will be sorted. When I actually have some roses, that will be sorted, too. Nina, Cassia, and Gem have their dresses. Everything's in hand."

"When are you picking up the wedding cake?" Alex entered the downpour.

I froze on the threshold.

He turned around. "What?"

"Wedding cake?" I repeated faintly. "What wedding cake?"



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 56


"I forgot the wedding cake," I said as Cyra Winter helped me into my dress. "I forgot that I'd need one. And I'm not going to be able to get one before next Saturday!"

Cyra finished doing up the fastenings along my back and came to stand in front of me again. She tucked her pink hair behind one ear. "You forgot that people have cakes at weddings?"

"Yes!" Realising that I was almost shrieking with panic, I lowered my voice again. "Do you think I can get away with not having one?"

"No. Come and stand out here so that I can have a proper look at you."

She opened the velvet curtain of the changing cubicle, and I followed her across the shop floor. Hologram dress samples were hanging around the room, allowing customers to examine the stock without fingering the real items. Cyra's robot was hidden away somewhere, adjusting another bride's dress before they came to pick it up in the morning.

I stood in the middle of the room, and Cyra crouched down in front of me to rearrange the skirt. "At least Alex remembered, sweetheart. I'm sure someone will be able to bake you a little one at short notice. Raise your arms." She checked that the bodice still fitted correctly. "How is Alex, anyway? Still excited for the wedding?"

"I think so."

She looked up. " Think so?"

Think "He doesn't always seem very interested in the details. Like my flowers. Or what napkins we're going to have at the reception."

"Last time you came in, you didn't care about what napkins you were going to have."

you My face warmed. "Well...that's true."

The thing was, there were much bigger problems than napkins. Like the fact that Alex didn't seem particularly interested in the music or the menu. It had taken us forever to get around to buying our wedding rings, and trying to put a guest list together had been a nightmare. I hadn't even dared approach him about the timeline of the wedding day.

Was this normal for a groom?

"You're still frowning," Cyra said gently.

I gathered my fears up into one. "This is a forced marriage. We agreed to do the Trials after we'd spent just over a month in each other's company. Now we have to join for life -- but what if Alex doesn't want to? What if he's actually changed his mind?"

"He would be foolish not to want to marry you, sweetheart. Look at yourself again." Cyra took me by the shoulders and steered me back into the dressing room, where a full-length mirror was propped up against the wall.

My dress was traditionally white, hanging straight down to my feet with no train and no structure in the skirt. Long, lacy sleeves hugged my arms, and lace was overlaid on the bodice. That was it. Yet, somehow, with the material subtly outlining my modest curves and my dark hair curling damply around my shoulders, it looked divine.

"Last time," Cyra said, "you told me that he'd been asking you to reveal something about the dress. If that doesn't suggest he's looking forward to seeing you in it -- and marrying you -- what does?"

and marrying you I turned, watching the skirt swish about my feet and reveal a glimpse of my white pump heels. "Yes. You're --"

"Before you know it, you'll have walked down that aisle and it'll all be over, and then you'll be starting a family! Once the little ones come along, they change everything."

I stilled. There was my problem. Children.

my After the marriage, having children was the expected thing. Another activity to tick off life's to-do list. But I'd never felt a yearning to have them, and surely you needed something like that to hold onto once they'd arrived. When they kept you awake at night, took you away from your work, and gave you a million grey hairs -- well, how were you supposed to cope with that if you'd never wanted them in the first place?



I had my work, and I had Alex. I was happy with that.

Perhaps an integral part of me was missing. Whatever it was, it didn't run in the family: my mother and father had enjoyed parenting, and my older sister was desperate for children of her own.

The insistent buzzing of my tabphone stopped Cyra mid-children-speech. I turned to the pegs, where I'd hung up my leather jacket, and pulled it out my pocket. Cassia was calling.

I rejected her request for a video-call and selected the option for us to communicate via audio link only. No one but Nina had been allowed to see my wedding dress. It wasn't just Alex who I wanted to surprise.

"Hi, Ambie," Cassia said. "Is now a good time to talk about the post-mortems?"

"Sure." I'd be too busy watching Dairies of a Fiancée when I got home.

Dairies of a Fiancée "I still can't tell for certain who was killed first. What I do know is that Iberia Mills had coffee and breakfast before she was murdered, which tallies with the recorded time you found on her coffee machine. Also, while I initially thought the killing blow would have been one of the wounds on her head, I now believe that it was one of the blows to her chest. Some of the strikes went much deeper than I thought. Technically, you're dealing with two deaths by stabbing."

"Stabbing?" I repeated. "Well, well. The murderer finally has an M.O. after all."

Cyra raised an unimpressed eyebrow.

"Ruby Beaumont also had a surprise," Cassia continued, "because she'd been stabbed in the back as well as the chest -- I didn't get to see for myself while we were at the scene. The depth and width of the wound suggests that it was done with the same knife."

"That engraved cake knife. Ethan and Iberia..." I noticed Cyra starting to scowl. "Okay, thanks, Cassia. I have to go -- I need to take my wedding dress home. I'll see you tomorrow at my hen party?"

"Of course. You're going to love it!"

The call cut off, leaving me with a knot of dread in my stomach. I wasn't too sure about that.

"Cassia is your sister?" Cyra checked. "The one who's organised your hen party?"

"Nina is actually in charge of the hen party," I said. "But I think all three of my bridesmaids planned it, really."

"Oh, isn't that lovely?"

More like absolutely terrifying.

***

I returned to my flat not long afterwards with the dress -- although it was not actually my flat anymore, but our flat, because Alex had moved in with me. Located in a brownstone block on a quiet road just a few minutes from the police station, it stood as a tall shadow in the dark. I scurried inside and rode the lift up to my floor.

our Faint voices drifted down the hallway when I opened the front door. I poked my head into the living room and saw Alex on the sofa with a mug of coffee, watching Dairies of a Fiancée on his tabphone .

Dairies of a Fiancée . "I'm back," I said.

He looked up with a smile. "Hello. How did that go?"

"Great." I crossed the threshold so that he could see the dress I was holding, hidden away in a white zip-up bag. "I have it. But no peeking."

"Hmm." His lips quirked a little more, his smile turning mischievous. "I'll try my hardest."

"If you look, I'll set Mitzy on you."

"Your threat is empty. Mitzy loves me."

That was true. Alex had once been wary of my cat, but he showed no sign of it now. The two had really taken to each other. In fact, Mitzy probably loved him more than me.



"Have you fed her?" I asked.

"Yes. I think she's asleep in our room. Your bag's in there, too."

Our room. I grinned. "Thanks. I'm just going to have a shower and then I'll join you."

Our room. I took the wedding dress through to our room and hung it up in our new wardrobe, trusting Alex not to look. Then I showered, dressed again in an oversized jumper and leggings, and swapped my contact lenses for glasses. Snuggly and clean, I padded back through to the living room with a yawn.

our Alex was still watching Dairies of a Fiancée , and I curled up next to him. He repositioned his floating tabphone so that I could see the screen. Iberia Mills, Danielle Sharpe, Ruby Beaumont, and Jade Beaumont were squished onto it, giggling as they examined the bridal magazines I'd found on Iberia's kitchen table.

Dairies of a Fiancée "What's happened so far?" I asked.

Alex groaned. "Nothing. They just read magazines and gossip. I don't think this is going to get us anywhere."

"But we should watch them anyway. There's still a lot about this case that doesn't make sense."

The women chatted about dresses, shoes, bouquets, confetti, veils, and rings. Hearing so much talk of weddings after a long day made my eyelids heavy. Perhaps I should have been feeling excited, but organising so much only stirred up stress. Although there was something niggling at the back of my mind; something else I needed to remember to do...

The voices in the background cut off.

"Amber?"

I startled and opened my eyes. Shit. I'd almost fallen asleep.

Shit. Alex frowned. "Sorry, you can nap if you want. I just wasn't sure if you were okay."

He put his tabphone down and slid his arm around my back, tucking me more firmly against him. A shiver passed over my skin, and I felt torn between snuggling closer and pulling away. "No -- I didn't mean to. We need to get through those videos. And I'm sure there's something I'm supposed to be doing..." Even as I spoke, my eyelids fluttered.

"You need a life that isn't just work and the wedding. You're running yourself into the ground."

I realised that my eyes had actually closed while he'd been talking, and I pried them open again. He was very warm and comfortable, which really wasn't helping. "I'll have a break after we've solved this damn case." I yawned, then unstuck my eyelids again. Groaning, I struggled away from him, trying to rub my face and poking my glasses instead. "Ugh, I'm not falling asleep!"

not Alex's lips twitched. "I don't think you have much choice in the matter."

"No. I'm having coffee." I got to my feet and staggered across the living room. "Then I'm watching those stupid videos."

"Forget the videos. If you don't want to sleep, we should go out. When was the last time we did anything together that wasn't about the wedding?"

I couldn't remember. For the rest of the day, at least, I'd quite like to relegate our wedding to the pile of things I'd forgotten. That meant forgetting my to-do list -- and, I supposed, forgetting those videos. "Okay, let's go out. Where?"

"How about trying that new virtual reality experience on the high street? EarthC?"

"Virtual reality? You want to do something technological with me?" I folded my arms. "That's not going to end well."

I went back into our room to swap my leggings for a clean pair of jeans. Alex followed me, shrugging his coat on and leaning against the doorway. When I'd finished getting changed and I turned back to him, he was smiling smugly.



"What?" I asked.

"How many times have you opened that since you came home?"

"Opened what?" I looked over my shoulder. "The wardrobe?"

"And you haven't noticed."

"Haven't noticed...?" I didn't know whether to be frustrated or amused as I pulled the doors open again. "Are you messing with me? The only new thing in here is my wedding dress!"

"The only thing that stands out is your wedding dress. Look closely at all those black clothes of yours."

stands out "You wear a lot of black, too." I peered into the shadows at the black jackets, black jumpers, and black jeans. One shape was unfamiliar -- like one of Alex's jackets, but much thicker. I shoved everything along the rail so that I could look at it properly. "A coat?"

I tugged it out by the hanger. It was a duffel coat, short and hooded. I ran my fingers down the sleeves tentatively, but I couldn't see or feel any buttons. There were no electrodes tucked into the collar, either.

Alex crossed the room and turned me around by the shoulders. "It's normal. It doesn't have a single wire. You have to pull your hood up yourself."

"What hardship," I teased, running my fingers along the coat again. Thick, felted, soft. "This is perfect. Thank you."

"I don't want you getting soaked to the bone in the middle of winter again."

I pulled the coat on. Once I'd fastened the toggles, I rose on my tiptoes and kissed him. "Thank --"

He curved his hand around the small of my back, holding me in place. His touch sent a jolt of electricity through my system, and I tilted my head so that he wouldn't bump against my glasses, giving him better access to slide his tongue between my lips.

When we pulled apart at last, I grinned. "Well, that woke me up."

***

The main lobby of EarthC was a blank canvas. A glass desk manned by a robot stood near the back, and three neat hologram posters advertising different virtual experiences were aligned in perfect symmetry behind it. The room smelled of fresh paint and sawdust, but the atmosphere was hushed.

We approached the desk, and the bright blue eyes of the robot fixed on us. "Welcome to EarthC, home of Britain's first virtual reality leisure experiences based on the surface. Tonight we are offering dinner at a restaurant in the Alps, a real mountain range stretching across Austria, France, Germany, Italy, Liechtenstein, Monaco, Switzerland, and Slovenia. The environment has been constructed to resemble the range in France during the 2010 decade. There are still a few tables left. Are you interested in attending this experience?"

Cities were all we had now -- dark streets and bright lights; pulsing clubs, neon pubs, and tumbledown joints in the shadows. To be able to just see the sky sounded too good to be true. Now we were also being promised an actual mountain...

"Fuck, yes," I said.

The robot's gaze swivelled to me. "I'm sorry. I do not understand."

Alex laughed. I glared at him, and he turned it into a cough. "She means that we are interested."

"Excellent," the robot said. "Please follow me. You will not be required to pay until the experience is complete."

We were led away from the desk, through the back of the room and into a vast, white hall. The robot pressed its hand against the nearest door. The glass glowed blue, then clicked open.

Inside was a box room with two bulky chairs, thick cables trailing away from them. More crept over the leather so that they were hanging against the headrests, thinning as they neared their ends. Electrodes were attached to the tips.



"Please sit down," the robot said.

I lowered myself into a chair, my palms sweating. The set-up looked a little creepy, and I had a bad habit of making electronics malfunction.

"When you are ready, please attach the electrodes to your temples," the robot said. "The restaurant closes in three hours. Should you wish to be removed before then, the command to exit is 'End simulation'. You will be monitored on cameras within this room in the unlikely event of a real-time medical emergency." The robot bowed stiffly. "Please enjoy."

Alex was already attaching his electrodes. When he'd finished, he took my hand and leaned back, closing his eyes. "I'm looking forward to this. See you in there."

I looked down at our linked fingers, hoping that we wouldn't be permanently joined together in the simulation.

Once I'd put my electrodes on, I tried to relax like my sergeant. But my vision fuzzed and faded as if I was passing out, and I was struck with the sudden and terrible feeling that this had been a very bad idea.

"Start simulation," the robot said.

***

Sound came back to me first, fading in like a film. Wind whistling over the land and the hoot of an owl. A machine with a throaty song crunching over gravel and the muffled thrum of music and voices.

Darkness crept over the scene before me, wrapping the world in a soft blanket. Only a few streetlamps shared its space, picking our environment out in a soft, orange light.

Everything was covered in snow. It had been flattened down by boots and tyres right beneath my feet, but where it ringed the gravel, it stood thick and fresh, and it coated the roof of the chalet before us like icing. Decking ran across the front, bearing empty tables and chairs. It was the smallest building I'd ever seen -- a sugar cube in comparison to the skyscrapers of Socrico.

It made me uneasy, and I tipped my head back, looking for something familiar. But there were no metal pathways towering above me or swirling train tracks. There was just a sky: infinite, inky black, and filled with a huge circle and white pinpricks. The moon and stars.

The moon and stars. Awe washed over me. We were really on the surface.

I gave up on familiarity and drank in the sky, trying desperately to commit every star to memory. But there were too many of them, scattered carelessly across the dark blanket. I took a deep breath and tasted it, letting pure air wash over my tongue.

Alex entered my peripheral vision. I turned my head and watched him look up at the celestial lights, his eyes bright in their glow. A boyish excitement nestled there. For a moment, I wondered which was enchanting him more: the aesthetics of the world we were standing in, or how the designers at EarthC had made it.

Then he told me, his voice soft as he steered my shoulders around so that I was looking behind us. "This is beautiful."

And I saw the view.

The lower slopes of the mountain weren't distinguished in the dark, but the silvery light of the moon was enough to reveal the change in the density of the shadows. The ground rose and fell, tumbling into a black abyss. In occasional places, huddles of lanterns as slight as needles highlighted settlements. They looked so small that I could have scooped them up, and their quaint beauty gave me peace, smoothing the edges of my awe so that it felt comfortable against my skin.

I slipped my cold hand into Alex's. "This is magical . It feels so real."

magical "Let's make the most of it. Come on."



We walked across the slushy gravel towards the restaurant. The car park was filled with a handful of red, blue, and silver road vehicles, shining under the old-fashioned lamps like beetle shells. We put them behind us, ascended the frosted steps to the decking, and entered the chalet.

Warmth hit me in the chest, and my eyes were drawn to the crackling flames in the huge fireplace at the back of the room. Deep fur rugs were strewn across the wooden floorboards, and throws hung over the backs of the chairs. No detail had been rushed or forgotten: the flames crackled, and the air smelled faintly of wine and game. The guests who were already there talked quietly, and virtual waiters and waitresses served them.

Floor-to-ceiling windows lined the far side of the room, giving us another glimpse of the view down the mountain. One table tucked beside them was free, so we went to it and sat down without waiting to be shown. I shrugged my coat off. "I'm glad I had this out there. Thank you."

Alex smiled softly. "You're welcome."

A virtual waiter came to serve us. Alex ordered steak and champagne, and I copied him. His eyebrows ross as the waiter moved off. Normally, I avoided alcohol.

"It's not real," I explained. "So it doesn't matter."

"You might be seeing plenty of it again tomorrow. Is Nina still coming for the hen party?"

"Yes, I'm dreading it."

"Why?"

"Alcohol, excitement, and Nina? She'll make me do something humiliating. Or she'll do something humiliating, like hire strippers."

she'll Alex's smile wavered. "I hope you're not going to have any strippers." He was only half teasing now.

"So do I!" I nudged him under the table with my foot. "Are you sure you didn't have any at your stag do last weekend?"

sure "Very sure. I have to say, I was surprised with Sebastian."

So was I. Then again, I had made a few threats...

"How was your appointment with Cyra, anyway?" Alex took my hand across the table. "As you've brought the dress home, I assume you like the alterations?"

Some of the tension in my shoulders loosened. What had I been worrying about earlier? Cyra was right. Alex was interested.

was "It's perfect," I said.

"Are you going to tell me anything about it?"

"We've had this conversation before."

"Please?" He looked at me hopefully. "Just one thing?"

"Well..."

Two plates were put down in the space between us by a virtual human waitress. She unloaded our drinks with a smile, then vanished without a word.

Grateful for the save, I sat back and picked up my glass of champagne. It smelled faintly of freshly-baked bread. "That was quick."

"Well, it's not real." Alex raised his glass and clinked it against mine. "But real or virtual...here's to a very special date."

The steak and champagne tasted real -- and delicious. Once we'd eaten, Alex wanted us to go outside again to soak in the scene before we were removed from the simulation. We fastened our coats up tightly and took our glasses onto the decking.

tasted We were the only people braving the cold, and although the chatter of the other diners had never been intrusive, it was nice when the restaurant doors shut behind us. I stood at the railings, and Alex positioned himself behind me with his arms on either side.

We said nothing for a long time, just listening to the hoot of an owl and breathing in pine needles and fresh air. My fingers quickly froze, and my cheeks were chilled. But as I tipped my head back and looked at the hundreds of stars, I decided that I wanted to stay there forever.

Eventually, Alex lowered his head so that his lips brushed against my ear. "I love you."

There was nothing else that the mountain wanted you to say more. I turned around in his arms and pressed my lips against his. "I love you, too."

I moved one hand up to his cheek and held him against me. He tasted of snow and stars, and I almost lost myself within him. Almost forgot my concerns about the wedding.

Almost.

Almost.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 57


A scream ripped through my ears, and I fell to my knees. The body of a woman was lying on the street in front of me, her blood soaking into my jeans. There was a knife in her chest, but the fresh blood was running from her back ...

A scream ripped through my ears, and I fell to my knees. The body of a woman was lying on the street in front of me, her blood soaking into my jeans. There was a knife in her chest, but the fresh blood was running from her back Running, running, running...

Running, running, running... I woke up with a gasp.

"Amber?" Alex tightened his hold on my waist, pressing his face into the crook of my neck. "It was just a dream."

We were so close to Ruby.

We were so close to Ruby. Alex peppered kisses up to my earlobe. I wanted to relax in his arms, but the nightmare had left me tense and cold, and light was slipping beneath the curtains. I pulled away from him. "Why hasn't the alarm gone off? It must be way past seven."

"Because you set it." Amusement crept into his voice. "I'll never know why, but that probably has something to do with it."

I snatched my tabphone off the bedside table and tried to unlock it. The screen didn't even light up. "Oh, great. It's broken."

"Or just dead?" he suggested. The mattress moved as he got up.

Just dead. I swallowed and put it on the charging pad. "Right."

Just dead. Alex went straight into the bathroom while I got dressed and trudged into the kitchen, where I'd finally removed the punch bag and replaced it with a table. I'd also replaced my broken coffee machine with Alex's.

I fed Mitzy, then put four slices of bread in the toaster and started making coffee. My mind wandered as I worked. We needed to crack Ethan today and find out who Iberia had been sleeping with. Maybe the mysterious woman would connect the dots between the bride and Ruby. Maybe she was even the murderer.

The toast popped up just as the coffee started to brew, and I grabbed a random knife to butter it. We needed to grill the others properly, too. None of them but Jade had admitted that William Sharpe had hated Iberia, so what else were they hiding?

The coffee finished brewing, and I grabbed the pot. After we'd spoken to Ethan, we'd talk to Jade. Much of everyone's attention yesterday had been on Iberia. Perhaps if we got the maid of honour alone today, we could have a thorough discussion about Ruby and the darker corners of her life. I wanted to know if there was anyone other than Iberia who would have been angered by the affair --

Something sliced my palm open. My fingers loosened around the coffee pot, and it fell to the floor and shattered. The large knife that I'd accidentally squeezed went with it. Mitzy, who'd been watching me from the other end of the kitchen, shot out the door.

Broken coffee pot. Knife on the floor. Blood streaming down my palm. I stared at it all, wondering which danger to sort first. Dead bodies, I could do. I wasn't sure about a catastrophe in my kitchen.

Alex filled the doorway, his hair damp and his shirt unbuttoned. "What was that?"

"I've broken the coffee pot." Finally coming to my senses, I picked up the knife and tossed it in the sink. Then I waved my bleeding hand beneath the tap. "Watch the glass."

Cold water hit my palm, stinging the wound. It was a long, ugly gash, but I didn't think it was too deep, just very painful. And cold.

too I gave up as Alex reached me. His fingers latched onto my wrist and tugged it back under the water. "How did this happen?"

"I was thinking. With a knife in my hand. Now we can't have coffee and there's blood on our toast. Sorry."

"Never mind the coffee or the toast." His grip on my wrist tightened. "You might need stitches."



"Or an amputation. I'm going to get frostbite."

He released me, and I tugged my hand away from the sink. In the blink of an eye, blood welled up between the ragged edges of my flesh again. I sighed. "Can you get me a plaster, please?"

Alex found the ancient first aid kit, his jaw tight. He removed the largest variety of plaster, then cleaned away the fresh blood with a tea towel and tenderly pressed the sticky pad onto my palm. "I'm not sure how much this is going to help."

"It's not that deep. It's fine." I stood on my tiptoes and kissed his cheek. "Thank you."

His brows lifted, and a wry smile flickered across his lips. "Stay there while I sweep up the glass. I'm not trusting you with anything else sharp today." He looked down at the remains of our coffee pot. "Then I suppose we'll have to make a trip to Rise & Grinder."

***

Rise & Grinder was hovered above the city on one of the highest metal walkways. Marked by nothing but a battered door and a lopsided sign that flickered, its looks were deceiving from the outside...and perhaps from the inside, too. Paint peeled off the walls while dust clung on, and the steel tables were scratched and dented. But the coffee and the food tasted amazing, and the view across Socrico was almost as good as the Alps.

Two teenagers were standing behind the counter. They were Indigo and Emz, twins of opposite genders who always helped their father at the shop on weekends. His other son, Cadium, was a few years older and currently training to join Socrico Police.

The twins smiled as we approached the counter, far too used to seeing us here. Emz, with the better set of social skills, was standing at the front to serve us. Indigo lingered by the coffee machine, pleased to make our orders as long as he was allowed to be quiet. They took non-identical to the extreme in their looks, too: Emz had long, dark curls, while Indigo's hair was short and blond. Indigo was dressed in a hoodie and jeans; Emz was wearing a blazer.

"Good morning." Emz flashed us a sunny smile. "Would you like your usual?"

"Just one double espresso," I replied, "and one medicoffee, please. Plus the muffins."

While Indigo made the drinks, Emz scooped up two chocolate muffins from the counter and put them in a paper bag. Alex moved to the eye-scanner and paid before I could reach it, leaving me to twiddle my thumbs.

"How's Cadium getting on?" I asked.

Emz put down the tongs. "Great! He's really enjoying police academy, and he can't wait to become a proper officer." She handed the bag over.

Indigo brought our coffees to the counter, and I took mine, wincing as I stretched my sore palm to its limits. "That's good. Are you two enjoying college?"

"Yeah, loads. It's great to finally be doing subjects we like. Plus we go into the city at lunchtime instead of just staying on campus! That's cool, isn't it, Indigo?"

He nodded.

"Great." That was largely where my conversation skills with teenagers ended. "Well, keep working hard. We'll see you around."

We left the coffee shop, and I pulled a chocolate muffin out of the bag before passing it to Alex. I needed a chocolate hit almost as much as I needed caffeine. In fact, I was so absorbed in consuming my muffin that it wasn't until we were on ground level when I realised Alex was unusually quiet.

"So," I said as we hit the high street. "We should go straight to Ethan's. He's had some time now, and I want to crack him. We need to know who Iberia was sleeping with. Do you remember his address?"



"Seventy-two Albion Street."

We rode a tram packed with Saturday shoppers to Albion Street and arrived in a very different neighbourhood to Iberia's. The road was wide, and the brownstone blocks of flats were spread a comfortable distance apart. Window boxes filled with fake tulips were attached to them.

We got off the tram and entered Ethan's block. It was the top floor that we needed, so we got a lift up. I rang the doorbell, and a camera emerged from the oak.

"May we come in?" I asked.

"I'm sorry, Ethan and Danielle aren't at home right now," the doorbell replied. "Would you like to leave a message?"

"Yes. Ethan, we need to talk."

***

Our next stop was Jade's Cakes, located on the fourth floor of a skyscraper in the centre of Socrico. Plaster had been slathered over the bricks and painted cream, and a hand-made sign was nailed over the door. As I pushed it open, an old-fashioned bell rang.

We entered a showroom filled with hologram models of cakes. Most were white and had three or four tiers adorned with ribbon and marzipan flowers. A select few projections showed what Jade had made in the past for other occasions: birthday cakes modelled like skyscrapers, Christening cakes shaped like butterflies, and anniversary cakes adorned with edible wedding rings. They hovered inside glass cases around the room. A wooden counter stood at the back with an eye-scanner mounted to it. Behind that was a display case full of knives.

Jade Beaumont emerged from an archway near the counter, a plain apron tied over her dress. "Oh. Inspector, Sergeant."

I crossed the shop floor to her. "Morning. We're here to ask a few more questions about your sister. We won't be long."

She stared at us with red eyes, then evidently realised that I wasn't going to take no for an answer today. "Of course."

"By the way, I didn't realise you sold knives here." I inclined my head towards the display behind the counter. "You don't advertise them on your Xplora page."

"This is a cake shop. I advertise my cakes. The cake knives are offered at a discount when my customers have placed an order."

"Did Iberia buy a knife with her wedding cake?"

"Ethan did, as a surprise for her." Her eyes darted between us. "Look, I don't know what you're suggesting --"

"This must be where the murder weapon came from," Alex said. "Ruby was stabbed with that engraved knife."

"What?" Jade stepped back and almost staggered. "She was killed with their...? No one told me."

"When did Ethan come in?" I asked.

"Last week." She pressed a hand against her mouth. "He said that Iberia had forgotten to buy a knife, and he'd promised that he'd sort it out. God..."

So I wasn't the only one who forgot things. "And you gave a knife to him?"

"After the engraving. That part was the surprise for Iberia."

"Where does the engraving take place?"

"Here. I have a machine for it in the back." She forced a horribly sad smile onto her face and drew herself up straighter. "Why don't you come through and sit down?"

We followed her through the archway into an industrial kitchen that smelled of buttercream. Another wedding cake, real this time, was standing on a counter: three tiers of white fondant icing laid over sponge with a bride and groom topper. Icing bags, mixing bowls, and spoons were scattered across the surfaces. I spied a bulky machine tucked up the corner that I guessed was used for the engraving.



A large table stood in the middle of the mess, and I sat down at it. Alex strolled around the room, glancing at the equipment. He stopped by the wedding cake. "This was Iberia and Ethan's?"

"Yes." Jade sank onto a stool opposite me. "I haven't worked out what to do with it yet. Iberia spent hours and hours choosing the design -- everything for her wedding had to be perfect."

"Did you make it as a favour for your friend?" I asked. "Or was she a customer?"

Jade's gaze slid away. "A customer. Ethan could afford it."

"And you needed the money?" I glanced around. "It doesn't look like it."

"It does at home."

"This is a bespoke cake company," Alex said, "with high-end clientele and high prices."

"I reinvest everything it earns. My standard of living comes second. Our standard of living comes second." She raised her eyes. "Ruby was struggling to find a job -- I was the one keeping us afloat. I had that to think of when I asked my best friend's fiancé to pay for the cake like any other customer."

Our Alex sat down beside me. "Tell us about Ruby. What sort of work was she looking for?"

"She was trained as a receptionist. Two months ago, she was working at a dental surgery. But everyone's making cutbacks, and robots are getting cheaper. She was let go."

"She had no one but you to support her?" I said. "No partner?"

"No. But she didn't really do commitment." Jade smiled tightly. "She went out clubbing every weekend and didn't come home until the morning. I imagine she played the field while she was out. She always did at school."

"Whose money did she use to go clubbing?"

"Mine. It took a painful chunk out of our funds, but I could hardly confine her to the flat."

"Did she ever resent you for putting your business before your home?"

She lifted her chin. "No. My work is my passion and my life. Ruby understood that. A lot of money has to be spent so that clients with a lot of money will come in."

Alex looked over the kitchen again. "We know you've been renting this space for the whole time Jade's Cakes has been in operation. You started the business four years ago?"

"Yes, that's right."

"You're on the fourth floor. That's not bad in the heart of the city. The rent must be expensive."

"Yes. Like I said, I reinvest most of the money I earn here."

"Where did your funds come from when you started?" he asked.

"I took out a loan."

"No bank would give a start-up enough money to rent this space."

"What does this have to do with my sister?"

I didn't know either, so I steered the conversation back to that point. "Have you thought any more about who might have wanted to hurt Ruby?"

Jade's shoulders tensed. "No. No one hated Ruby. That's the thing."

"Were you aware that she was having an affair with Ethan?"

She reeled back as if I'd slapped her in the face. "What?"

"I'll take that as a no. Can you think of anyone who would have been upset aside from Iberia?"

"No...I can't believe Ruby would do that to her. You're sure?"

"Very. Does Ruby perhaps have any angry exes?"

"No. Not to my knowledge."

"Not even from a really long time ago -- like your school days?"

"No," Jade said more firmly. "I would definitely have heard about that, because we went to school together. That's where we all met. It was the six of us."

"You, Ruby, Iberia, Ethan, Danielle, and Levi?" I said.

"Yes. Iberia and Ethan started going out in Year Nine."

I remembered the way Levi had shoved through the crowd at the crime scene and bypassed the electro-tape, thinking it was Jade who'd been hurt. "What about you and Levi?"

Jade blushed. "Nothing ever happened there. I did have a crush on him for a while, until Iberia told me he'd groped her at a house party. She was really upset about it, and I actually grew very distant from him until the whole group came back into orbit last year."

"You didn't talk while you were at college?"

"We went to separate colleges, and the others went to another together, so we were split three different ways. Then we mixed and matched again for university. Ethan went off to New London. Danielle and Levi attended Bright Light, although Danielle dropped out when she got pregnant. Iberia and Ruby went to Socrico University. I got some experience at a cake business in Rosek."

"And nothing happened during any of that time to earn Ruby an enemy? Someone who hated her enough to kill her?"

any Jade shook her head heavily. "No."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 58


"That wasn't as helpful as I'd hoped," I said as we were scanned into the police station. "Why can't we find any motive for Ruby's murder?"

any "At least we know where the knife came from now," Alex replied. "And whose possession it was last known to be in."

Ethan's . It made me even more anxious to talk with him, and I ducked under the door before it was halfway up. "Let's track him."

Ethan's Detective Inspector Sebastian Flynn was lingering in the entrance hall. He flashed me an easy smile as he moved away from the touchglass partition. "Morning. I heard from Cassia that tonight's your hen party."

"That's right." I stopped and shuddered. "I don't know what we're going to be doing."

Alex caught up with me. "No strippers."

Sebastian grinned. "You should have seen ours ... Don't look at me like that, Amber. I'm only teasing." He winked. "We didn't have any."

ours "You'd better not have done." I folded my arms across my chest. "Because you'll be in trouble."

"I promise we didn't." He sobered up. "But we did go to Underworld Eclipse -- and one of their bouncers has just come in here. Levi Ford?"

did Alex exchanged a curious look with me. "He's a person of interest in our investigation: Ethan Sharpe's best man. I didn't pay much attention to the bouncers last weekend."

"I did." Sebastian shrugged. "I was around, so I took him to the interview rooms for you."

"Thanks," I said. "I guess we'd better see what he wants."

Alex and I went downstairs to the custody suite and found Levi in Interview Room Three. He'd stripped off his coat and so was looking even larger than he had the previous day; arms the width of tree trunks taut beneath the sleeves of his t-shirt. The table looked fragile beside him.

He glowered at us when we entered. "I only wanted to tell you something. Now I've been stuck in here."

I sat down. "The interview rooms aren't just for people who've been arrested. They're also a good place for us to talk in private. Have you thought of something that could help the investigation?"

"Sort of. I didn't mention it yesterday because Ethan told me in confidence, but I was with Jade last night, and she was so upset that she made me feel guilty. Not that it has anything to do with Ruby, but whatever helps the investigation..."

Of course it didn't have anything to do with Ruby. I resisted the urge to sigh. "Go on."

"The day before the wedding, Ethan had a big bust-up with Iberia about one of her old flames. He called me afterwards and said he didn't know whether to go through with the wedding or not."

I leaned forward, my ears pricking up. "Who was it? Who was the old flame?"

Levi rubbed the back of his neck and looked at the table. "His mother."

"Brittany Sharpe?" Alex repeated.

"Yes. I could hardly believe it. But Iberia had never been introduced to Brittany while we were at school. She swore that she didn't know Brittany was married or that she had a son. It only lasted one summer -- then she rekindled her relationship with Ethan."

And received a shock, no doubt, when she had been introduced to his mother. "How did Ethan find out? Did Iberia tell him?"

Levi sighed. "No, apparently she was trying to keep it quiet. It was Brittany who let him know."

***

We went to the Sharpes' flat as soon as we could. William Sharpe let us in, but he didn't actually emerge to greet us.



Raised voices drifted down the hallway. Following them to the kitchen, we found Brittany and Ethan.

They were standing on either side of the island unit. Ethan was facing us, his hands closed into fists on the steel. Rough words died on his lips as we appeared in the doorway, and in the silence, Brittany sniffled. She turned around, tears streaking her face. "Oh."

Clearly, neither had heard the doorbell.

"Hello," I said. "Ethan, we've been looking for you."

"I'm in the middle of something," he growled.

"No, you're not. You're on your way out the room. But don't leave the flat -- we'd like a word with you."

He stared at us for a long moment, then left the room in two long strides and slammed the door behind him.

Brittany sank onto a stool, and we settled opposite her. The kitchen was large, but it felt strangely empty: too metallic and robust. After she'd insisted on playing hostess yesterday, I'd been expecting something more homely.

I got straight to the point. "The day before the wedding, you told Ethan that you'd slept with Iberia."

Her hands flew to her throat. "I... How do you know about that?"

"The truth always comes out in a murder inquiry. It was the summer before they got back together, wasn't it? She didn't know that you were his mother. Were you aware that she was your son's teenage sweetheart?"

"No!" Brittany's voice rose. She shot a frightened glance at the kitchen doorway and quietened it to a whisper. "William doesn't know. Look, I was never aware that Ethan had a girlfriend at school. William was always so strict that Ethan never used to tell us anything. Iberia was just my girlfriend. Later, when I met her again, no one but us knew what had happened. That's the way I wanted it to stay."

my "Then why did you tell Ethan?"

"Because I was so uncomfortable with the arrangement." She passed a hand over her face. "My son, sleeping with her...not knowing what had gone on. I felt that it was his right. I was just too afraid to tell him until the last minute."

Alex braced his elbows against the table. "You were also jealous that he would get to keep Iberia for life."

"Yes. I was in love with her." Brittany hung her head. "I never stopped loving her. For Iberia, it was a summer's fling, but for me, it was a relationship. A romance." She shook her head. "One day, I forgot to remove my wedding ring before I met her. She walked away without looking back."

"You were a generation apart," I said. "She was the same age as your son."

"What do a couple of decades matter? Nothing can stop love. Age is no exception."

"But Iberia didn't love you."

"She never stopped loving Ethan." Brittany crumpled a tissue into her fist. "I should have been happy for my son. I was... I just wished it had been someone else. Anyone else."

was... "Were you jealous enough to harm her, Mrs Sharpe?"

She peered at me like a startled owl. "What? You can't think... I loved her!"

loved "What about Ruby?" Alex said. "She was involved with Ethan while he was engaged to Iberia. Were you aware of that?"

"Ruby?" Brittany's face darkened. "The bitch! No, I didn't know. I would have warned Iberia if I had."

"Did Ruby know that you'd slept with Iberia?"

Ruby "No. It was between myself and Iberia until Thursday night."



Then Ethan had talked it over with Levi. And although Iberia hadn't wanted Ethan to know, would she have told one of her closest friends?

her Brittany dabbed at her eyes again and turned around on her stool. "I'd like to be left alone now."

We entered the empty hallway. I glanced around. "Ethan?"

No reply.

"Ethan?" I opened a random door and stuck my head inside a living room. "Where the fuck did he go?"

"Outside." William's voice boomed from the study. "For a cigarette. I don't let him smoke in here."

I exchanged an uncertain look with Alex. He shrugged.

Hoping it was the truth, we left the flat. The door locked behind us with a soft click.

"Three difficult relationships," I mused as we entered the lift. "Ethan and Iberia, Iberia and Brittany, and Ruby and Ethan. You know, Iberia would usually be the prime suspect for Ruby's murder, and Ruby for Iberia's."

"Ethan was angry with Iberia."

"Yes. But I'm interested in Brittany, too. She links clearly with both Iberia and Ruby. Iberia was the woman she wanted; Ruby was the woman betraying her."

"She said she didn't know about that."

"If we believed everything people told us, we wouldn't get anywhere. Get a team of PRBs to put her under surveillance."

Alex connected with them via his earpiece and organised it. We disembarked the lift on the ground floor and crossed the lobby, bursting into the cold air outside.

Ethan looked up from the edge of the road, a cigarette glowing between his lips. He blew out a steely cloud and stared at us.

"We need to talk about Ruby," I said. "And your knife."

" My knife?" His voice was gravelly.

My "She was stabbed with a cake knife you purchased from Jade Beaumont last week."

"I didn't know."

"It was in your possession last."

"Someone must have taken it."

"Did it go missing?"

He hesitated. "I didn't look at it again after the day I bought it home. I don't know."

"Who's been in your flat since?"

"Everyone. Iberia preferred to invite the girls over there to plan the wedding, Levi came to collect the rings, my mother came..." He paused. Took a drag.

"Yes, we know about her and Iberia," I said. "Has your father been to your flat in the past week?"

"No."

Shame. He was still high up on my suspects list. "Okay. Why don't you take us to the flat now? I'd like to ask Danielle some questions about Iberia and Ruby."

us "She'll tell you everything I have."

"I'm going to ask anyway."

"Fine." He dropped his cigarette and stubbed it out with his shoe. "This way."

We followed him down the street, and I watched him from the corner of my eye. It occurred to me that most of the group bore a curious lack of respect for Iberia. William had hated her for her class. Ethan had cheated on her. Ruby had betrayed her. In her own way, so had Brittany.

As we put the Sharpes' residence behind us, Ethan lit another cigarette. When he exhaled, the wind blew the smoke my way.

I coughed. "Are you sure you can't think of anyone who might have murdered Iberia and Ruby?"

"No." He turned his head, and his eyes didn't flicker under my heavy gaze. He just blew more smoke into my face.

I was forced to look away.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 59


When we reached Ethan's flat, he took us straight into the living room. It was grand but homely: polished oak floorboards; soft, new sofas; hologram photos of Danielle's little boy on the walls. The coffee table was strewn with mugs, ashtrays, and cigarette packets. A fluffy rug was spread across the floorboards with metal building blocks strewn over it.

Danielle was sitting on a sofa in a cashmere jumper, Benjamin playing at her feet. She looked up as we entered. "Oh. Good afternoon."

"Afternoon," I said. "We've come to ask a few more questions about Iberia and Ruby. We tried earlier, but no one was in."

"Sorry. I was shopping for toys with Benjamin." She stroked his hair. "We bought some new blocks, didn't we, Benji?"

The boy nodded and carried on building. What he was trying to make, I really couldn't guess at. We skirted around him and sat on the opposite sofa.

"Danielle," I said, "you've known Ruby and Iberia since your schooldays. Can you really not think of any reason why they're dead?"

really "No," she said softly. Her hands rose, almost subconsciously, to her mouth, and she pressed them there for a moment, staring down at the rug. Her eyes shone, but she stayed still and tense, hanging onto her composure by a thread.

Ethan stubbed his cigarette out; lit another one. "She's just going to tell you everything I have."

"Are you aware that Ethan was having a fling with Ruby, Danielle?"

Ethan glowered at us.

Danielle blinked, dropping her hand. "I'm sorry?"

"You heard me right."

She turned to stare at Ethan. " What ? Is it true?"

What He shrugged. "It didn't mean anything."

"You were going to marry Iberia!"

Alex cleared his throat. "Would you say that you were close with the victims, Danielle?"

She swivelled back to him. "Of course. I was Iberia's bridesmaid."

"Yes, but so was Ruby. And she was not loyal to Iberia."

"I see." Her lips thinned. "No, she wasn't. But I was."

Ethan huffed out a cloud of smoke, and this time Danielle had the joy of it blowing in her face.

her "Ethan," she said, "could you go and smoke that outside? Please?"

He slowly turned his gaze in her, his expression darkening. "This is my flat, too."

"Think of Benji's lungs."

He sat still for a long moment. Just when I thought he was going to ignore her, he sprang up and stormed out.

"Right, let's look at the rest of the wedding party," I said. "You went to school, college, and university with Levi Ford."

She sighed and sat back. "Yes, we went to Bright Light. But I married my boyfriend the summer before we started, and then I got pregnant. I made the decision to drop out after our first term."

I glanced at Benjamin again. Danielle had started a family at nineteen. I was in my early thirties. Tick, tock went my biological clock. Once I was married to Alex, I guessed we'd be having babies sooner rather than later. The thought was something I had to brace myself against.

"Your husband was Thomas Core?" Alex asked. We'd seen his name on her national profile.

"Yes. He died in an accident when we were twenty. Benji doesn't remember him." She glanced down at her son, her composure wavering again. She laid a loving hand on his shoulder.



"And you kept contact with your old friends through motherhood."

"I did, but we weren't as close as we are now until Ethan and Iberia got back together. Then it was like old times."

"You've known them all for a long time," I said again. "Are you really, really sure you can't think of anything that would help us?"

She went to shake her head, then stilled. Chewing her lip, she leaned forward. "There is something about Levi. We talked a lot about our school days at university, and about our personal lives. Whenever I brought Thomas up, I could tell that he was pining for someone. He got wistful and uncomfortable."

"Was it Jade Beaumont?" I asked.

Her eyebrows rose. "Yes. How did you know?"

"Jade told us that she used to have a crush on him at secondary school, but she was put off when he apparently groped Iberia."

"That was a lie. Levi told me about it. Iberia made the story up because she knew he liked Jade, and she didn't want them to be together."

"You took his word for it?"

"I'm a paralegal. I looked at the evidence."

"What evidence?"

"Everything I know about Iberia." Danielle spread her hands, lowering her head again. "She was...difficult sometimes. She spoke about us all behind our backs, and she once told the whole college that Ruby was having a fling with her English teacher. She and Ethan were always the cutest couple at school, and to be honest, she couldn't let anyone else be happy."

"Right. I suppose Levi was angry with her for getting in his way?"

Danielle bit her lip. "Yes. He still loves Jade."

***

Alex tracked Levi's location on his tabphone as we left the building. Or tried to.

Levi Ford could not be found. Tracking transmission is blocked.

Levi Ford could not be found. Tracking transmission is blocked. Blocking your tracking transmission was no simple job. It was also illegal.

"Fuck! That doesn't look good." I glanced up at the dark sky. "And we were in there for longer than I thought. The day's over."

"We have to find Levi," Alex said.

I hesitated. All we'd gained from our visit was two-thirds of a motive for Levi and no solid evidence. Ordinarily, I'd throw the towel in and try to find him in the morning, but the blockage of his tracking transmission was making my instincts prickle. He didn't want to be found.

What was he up to?

"I'll never be ready for my hen party if we go after him," I said. "I'll have to --"

"Your hen party? Seriously, Amber?"

Fury leapt up in me, and I stopped in my tracks. "I was going to say that I'll have to cancel and send the girls out on their own. You should know better than to think I'd swan off to party when I'm needed!"

Alex turned back to face me, his gaze unreadable. I glared at him.

"You're right," he said quietly. "Sorry. I don't know where my head is. I can track Levi down on my own."

Unease stirred in my stomach. "Now you think I should go to the hen party?"

should "I'm being an idiot -- you can't let this job ruin our wedding. I'll put in a call for the PRBs to start trying to get past this block, and I'll walk you home while they work."



I stared at him, still not sure what to make of his expression. Did he really mean that?

What was going on with us?

At last, I cleared my throat. "No, Sergeant. You have a knack for technology that no robot does. Go straight back to the station. That's an order."

***

Christmas holograms were already glowing against my building when I arrived, depicting Santas and reindeer that almost looked real. But the cheer of it all seemed forced in the middle of November, especially when the street was so drab and empty.

Empty, that was, except for Clyde Edwards.

I slowed my stride as I approached him. Lit up by the nearest streetlamp and the flashing lasers, he looked like something from a horror show. His electric blue scarf was glowing, and there was a dangerous gleam in his eyes.

He was blocking the entrance to my building, so I had no choice but to stop in front of him. "Clyde."

His lips stretched over his teeth in a shark's smile. "Amber, darling. How's your investigation going? Any luck finding out who killed the bride?"

"It's going fine." I frowned. "Wait a minute -- Iberia was one of you. Did you know her?"

"No. Are you asking for my help?"

"No." Giving up, I stepped forward. "Let me through."

He held his ground. "I just wanted to say how disappointed I am that I haven't been invited to the wedding."

"Your invitation must have got lost in cyberspace. I can't think why I wouldn't have sent you one."

think "There's no need to be like that, Amber." His voice lowered. "I can help you. Think of me as a private investigator. I'll do some digging for you in exchange for a wedding invite...and maybe an exclusive interview with you on the big day."

If Clyde actually discovered the venue for my wedding, I'd have to urgently relocate it. But I decided to explore my options. "You're offering to help me with the investigation?"

"No. I'm offering to help you with Alex."

I jerked back. "What?"

"Don't play the fool. You and Alex have been looking a little distant lately. A few weeks ago, I got a nice shot of you arguing outside a catering firm -- I suppose you were too busy working to catch that sensational story. You've been touching each other less in the pictures too, and body language experts across England have been having a field day. Perhaps you would like to discover what's bothering him. Another woman, for instance."

Another woman was out of the question. I trusted Alex. But it didn't mean that there wasn't something wrong between us, and I was horrified that Clyde had noticed.

My fist collided with his shoulder, packing enough force to send him stumbling out of my way. Ignoring his angry shout, I stormed into the building and entered the lift. When the doors slid shut behind me, I pressed a shaking hand against my face. I didn't know whether to scream or cry.

Someone else was waiting for me on my floor. Anger surged for a split second, until they turned away from my front door and smiled. Two little dimples appeared.

I stopped in surprise. "Nina!"

Nina Howell ran across the corridor. "Amber!"

She launched herself into my arms like a grenade, and I fell back against the lift doors. The wedding had given us an excuse to meet up more than usual, but it still felt like a rare treat to see her. She was warm, and she smelled of candyfloss chewing gum, her favourite flavour.



By the time she pulled back, I was calmer. "Hey, you. You're full of energy."

"There was free champagne in our hotel room." She blushed.

Nina was a lightweight.

I sighed. "Where are you staying?"

"The Diamond. Erin booked it."

Erin -- an actual private investigator -- was Nina's long-term girlfriend. I hadn't seen her for a while, and now I glanced back down the hallway just in case I'd missed her. "Where is Erin?"

is Nina beamed at me. "In the hotel room with the rest of our champagne. I've ditched her to get ready with my bestie!"

That took me right back to our early days working together. Occasionally, Nina had persuaded me to go clubbing all over Socrico, and we'd prepared in my bedroom like two giggling teenagers, choosing dresses and mucking around with glittery eye shadow. (Well, that last part had mostly been Nina.)

I smiled. "That sounds great."

***

Half an hour later, my room was filled with more mess than I'd ever seen in my life. Nina had packed every dress she owned for her weekend in Socrico, and now they were scattered across my duvet and hanging from the doors of my wardrobe. Pop music was blasting from my fully-charged tabphone, which was buried somewhere beneath the clothes. Nina was singing prettily, dancing, and trying to wriggle a purple dress over her head. I was sitting on the only clear space on my bed and watching her.

She finished getting into the purple number and trotted to my bathroom with her make-up bag. I swung myself off the bed and followed, unsteady in a pair of platform heels that matched my red dress. Nina had banned flats. I hoped I wasn't going to break an ankle -- I'd already been there and done that.

She was standing at the bathroom mirror, reapplying her mascara. "You know, I've been thinking."

I leaned against the doorway. "Oh, dear."

"Shut up!" She grinned and flicked her mascara wand at me. "I've been thinking: won't it get confusing at work when you become an O'Sullivan? Sergeant O'Sullivan and Inspector O'Sullivan? You're going to have even more difficulty with the PRBs than you do already."

"I'm not changing my name."

Nina lowered the mascara wand and turned to face me, her eyebrows rising. "What?"

Shit . I'd been trying to avoid having this conversation. "I'm sticking with my maiden name. Alex and I have already talked about it. I'll still be Inspector Rames."

. "But..." She blinked. "Why?"

"For the reason you mentioned. Lots of people do have the same name on the force, so it can technically be worked around. But professionally, it's just easier to be Rames. I want to be Rames."

want "And Alex is okay with that?"

I swallowed, a sliver of uncertainty creeping in. "Of course. I don't need to bear his surname to love him or to honour him. It doesn't change anything."

"Now it suddenly sounds very romantic." Nina shrugged. "If that's what you want, then I'm happy for you."

"It's what I want." Giving myself a mental shake, I joined her by the mirror and checked that I hadn't overdone my own mascara. "How's it been in Rosek?"

"It's been okay."

"And how are things with you and Erin?"

"Lush!" Nina zipped her bag up. "She's seen how much fun I've been having as your maid of honour, and yesterday I caught her reading a wedding magazine! So perhaps I'll manage to persuade her to marry me soon? I think it would be so fun to have a wedding."

so Knowing Nina, she would manage to find the whole process very fun, even under all the stress. I wished that I could feel the same way.

She went back into my room and dug through the enormous suitcase she'd dumped at the foot of my bed. Once she'd resurfaced with a clutch bag, she spun on the spot. "Ta-da! Time to go."

"Go? What about the others?"

"We're meeting them there."

"Do I get to know where 'there' is?"

"The first club we ever went to!" Nina almost skipped to my bedroom door. "Underworld Eclipse! Is that okay?"

That was where Levi worked. Some of the guilt I'd been trying to suppress faded away. "That's perfect."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 60


Underworld Eclipse was the largest club in Socrico, but with so many people packed in there, it just felt like a sardine can. In fact, I think I would have had more room to dance in a sardine can. At least it gave me an excuse to move as little as possible.

more Nina, swinging her hips to my left, was making the most of the space we had and attracting a lot of attention as she did. Somewhere beyond the wriggling crowd, Cassia, Erin, and Gem were getting drunk at the bar. Erin could hold her liquor, but Cassia wasn't much better than Nina. And, despite being a bartender at The Silver Star, Gem was already wasted.

Around me, strobe lights pulsed purple and blue, and gold lasers flowed over the crowd like waves. Hologram men and women danced on shielded stands, encouraging any rare soul who remained hesitant to join in. Everyone everywhere was glowing as they shimmied and grinded to the synthpop beat.

We'd been offered glow-in-the-dark face paint upon entry, and Nina had gone for a tribal look, painting stripes across her cheeks and nose. I had a pink butterfly glowing beneath my left eye. Nina had initially wanted to write BRIDE on my forehead, but Erin had thankfully helped me dissuade her.

BRIDE She spun in a circle and fell against my chest with a smile. I sighed and tried to pry her off, glancing at the fire escape we were slowly inching towards. I had a plan, but I couldn't really go on my mission and leave her like this.

Just as I'd disentangled her, Cassia, Gem, and Erin pushed through the crowd. Nina turned and latched onto Erin. Gem, her hair dyed turquoise tonight, grabbed Cassia's hands and started dancing.

Erin raised an eyebrow at me over her girlfriend's head. When I pointed to the fire escape, she didn't question it. She just nodded and returned her attention to the three drunks.

Leaving them in her hands, I shoved through the remainder of the crowd. When I reached the fire escape, I pulled my warrant card out of my bra and punched down on the door handle. Pushing it open, I stepped into the bitterly cold night.

A bouncer was standing a few feet ahead of me. He turned around as he heard the door, and by the time I'd set both feet on the ground, he was scowling. I flashed my warrant card.

His scowl deepened as he glanced from my card to my dress. "What are the police doing here dressed like that?"

"It's my hen party." I folded my arms across my chest, trying to trap in some heat. "But while I'm out here, I'd like to ask some questions that might help my current investigation."

He looked at my face properly. "Aren't you the one from the news? You're marrying your sergeant."

"That's me. Inspector Rames. Levi Ford works here, doesn't he?"

"Yeah. What do you want with him?"

"A chat. Is he here tonight?"

I'd tried asking the bouncer on the main door when we'd arrived, but he'd ignored me. Fortunately, this one had no queue of people to pretend to be occupied with.

"Levi called in sick," he said. "I don't know what you want with him, anyway. He's a good guy."

"I just have some questions, that's all. He should be at his flat, then?"

"I don't know where the hell he is. I just know he's not here." The bouncer turned around. "Now leave me alone before I kick you out."

I went back inside. The stuffy air and pulsing bass hit me like a sledgehammer, and I winced as I cut a path back across the dance floor. I couldn't see my friends anywhere in the dizzying crowd, but I decided that I'd worry about finding them later. What I needed to find right now was my coat.



Once I'd retrieved it from the cloakroom, I went out the front, where bouncers were conducting ID checks and clients were taking a break to smoke. I strolled a good distance away, then stopped in the shadows and put an audio call through to Alex.

He sounded surprised when he picked up. "Amber?"

"Hi. We're at Underworld Eclipse. I've asked around, and Levi isn't here. Apparently, he called in sick."

There was a long pause. "You asked around?"

"Of course. I'm not just going to dump the investigation tonight."

"You should. We wouldn't be finding Levi any faster with you."

Well, that was a bit back-handed, even if it was true. I scowled at my tabphone. "Check his flat."

"We have. He's not at home, and he's not answering his calls. I've applied for an arrest warrant."

"Where are you?"

"Still at the station; still trying to crack this tracking block. It's starting to look like he hasn't done it himself. The security is too complex."

"So he's somewhere with a blanket block?"

"That's my theory."

A blanket block was an automatic blockage of tabphone tracking as soon as someone entered the affected area. It was mass tabphone hacking, and it was always done to hide mass criminal activity.

Just where was Levi?

where There was a shriek and a chorus of giggles behind me, and I turned to see my friends spilling out the club's doors. Nina had almost fallen over. Cassia and Gem were laughing while Erin put an arm around her waist.

"What was that?" Alex asked.

I smiled sadly and turned my back on them. "Nina. It looks like we're going somewhere else now."

"Have fun."

"I could just come back. I could help you --"

"No." His voice softened. "Amber, I snapped at you earlier because I'm stressed about this investigation and I'm stressed about the wedding. You just need to forget what I said. It wasn't true, and you didn't deserve it."

"I feel guilty."

"Don't. You're supposed to be having fun, not working. If it makes you feel better, you're not missing anything. At this rate, I doubt we're going to find Levi before sunrise."

I still hesitated, fiddling with the toggles on my coat. We'd been having a good night just twenty-four hours ago. A night I'd believed in. Maybe I needed to hold onto that. This wasn't the first time Alex and I had argued, and it probably wouldn't be the last. We had a stressful job, and thanks to my decision not to hire a wedding planner, a very stressful wedding coming up.

very "Okay," I said. "But I'll check in with you when I can. I love you."

"I love you, Amber. Take care." He ended the call.

I turned back to my friends. Nina had fallen out of her shoe and was struggling to put her foot in it again. Erin was trying to guide her ankle, but she was laughing too hard to be helpful. It probably had something to do with the fact that Nina was stroking her hair like a cat. Gem and Cassia were clinging onto each other and giggling.

Suppressing a grin, I raised my voice sternly as Nina finally put her foot back in her shoe. "What are you all doing out here?"

Gem clapped her hands. "Laser tag!"



"What?"

"Laser tag!" Nina repeated. "It's time for laser tag!"

"We haven't booked it," Cassia added, her red eyes not quite able to meet mine. "There's one nearby. Might have closed, might not. I don't know the time."

"We're going to play laser tag?" I clarified. "While you're all smashed?"

Gem nodded vigorously. "Nina's idea."

I hadn't doubted that for a moment. What I was doubting was whether any laser tag facilities would be open at this time of night -- and whether they would let my intoxicated friends in.

"It's not them you should be worried about," Erin said, a competitive gleam entering her eyes. "It's those of us who will still be able to hit our targets."

A little bit of adrenaline ebbed through me at the challenge. I grinned. "Fine. You're on."

***

"I am not drunk," Nina said as her bloodshot eyes were scanned in the waiting area. "Not drunk."

not I groaned. After finding a laser tag arena that was miraculously open, I'd instructed everyone in the group to try their hardest to act sober. Now I realised that had probably been the wrong thing to say to them.

"I am sober," Nina said happily as she stepped away from the eye-scanner and beamed at the man who'd just processed her payment. "Very sober."

"Sure, honey." He looked at the woman standing behind her. "Name?"

I breathed a sigh of relief as Nina trotted over to us. We'd all managed to enter the next game.

"We haven't done this since we were teenagers," Cassia slurred at my side. "It was fun."

"You were always rubbish," I replied.

"Fun."

We had a safety briefing, and then we were taken into a room full of metal racks with vests and laser guns hanging from them. I swapped my coat for the body armour, noting that it didn't have any lights to help me be seen in the dark. The difficulty had been racked up.

Once everyone had put their laser vests on -- some of us with more difficulty than others -- we lined up to be released into the arena. I was the first, and the man on the door either didn't realise that I'd taken my shoes off or didn't care, because I was promptly nodded through.

I entered the dark arena with a racing heart. Back when I'd been a teenager, I'd occasionally played laser tag at a very basic, very cheap place. The floor-to-ceiling plywood walls shaping the maze had all been black, and I'd walked into them constantly. But this place had glow-in-the-dark spray paint all over its barricades so that we could see them, just like --

"Ah, shit." I touched my cheek and turned around to look at my friends as they entered. Their faces were all lit up in neon orange and hot pink paint.

Gem was the first to start laughing. I couldn't stop myself from joining her. With just a butterfly, I was lucky -- the rest of them had really gone to town with their designs. Picking them out in the dark and taking a shot would be easy.

Erin went to find a hiding place. I followed her, leaving Cassia and Gem to giggle at each other and Nina to softly complain that she'd lost one of her shoes in the cloakroom.

The game began while I was still working out where the hell I was, and I backed myself up against a purple wall, glancing around to check no one was coming to shoot me. Orange railings glowed halfway through the air above, signalling another level. That would be a good place to identify my targets from.



I started moving again, using the walls for protection while I looked for a way up. I'd just spotted the ramp when I caught a flash of face paint from the corner of my eye.

I slammed back against the wall I'd been peering around, hoping I'd missed being shot. When my gun didn't deactivate, I looked again.

Gem was wandering back in the direction she'd just come from, her turquoise hair almost as bright as her face. "Cassia? Where are you? You promised we'd work together!"

I lined up the shot and pulled the trigger.

Gem's gun buzzed. She screamed and turned around. I ducked back behind the wall, listening to see if she'd come after me.

Seconds later, I saw her running up the ramp, exposed to everyone. Just as her gun let her know that it was working again, I shot her and retreated.

Once I was sure she'd gone, I rounded the walls and made a break for the ramp myself. I was halfway up when a laser beam landed on my chest. I dropped to my stomach (against the rules) but I was shot before I hit the ground.

While my gun deactivated, I slithered the rest of the way up, scanning the barricades ahead for a hiding place. When I reached the top, I rolled behind a half-wall on my right. Then I rose to my knees and peeked over it, my heart galloping.

Not too far away from me, flowery face paint glowed in the dark for a second and then vanished. My assailant was Erin.

I smiled and swung my laser gun up to rest on the wall. When the paint appeared again, I fired. Erin made no sound herself as her gun powered down, but I could see enough of her silhouette as she ran away to know that she'd flipped me off.

I went after her.

I stopped at the next wall. Checked the way was clear. Ran to another. Some of them formed little rooms, but I was trying to stay out of those as much as possible. Unfortunately, even when our environment was glowing it was still confusing, and I realised that Erin could have gone off in any direction.

Someone whooped below. Changing targets, I ran back to the railings and dropped to my knees.

Nina and Cassia were high-fiving as a stranger fled behind a wall, his gun buzzing. A split-second later, I'd pulled my trigger, and Cassia's gun was doing the same.

While she and Nina realised they were in the open and scrambled to get away, a different laser found my best friend. She looked up to my right and grinned just before she vanished. "You traitor!"

Nearby, Erin laughed.

"Cassia!" Gem called again from our level.

"Coming!" Cassia slurred. She re-emerged and staggered off in completely the wrong direction. I shot her again.

My gun buzzed as it deactivated.

I rose and spun on my heel. Erin was standing two feet away from me. She stayed long enough to flash me a wicked smile, then vanished into the darkness. I chased after her with a score to settle.

Sod's law, of course, meant that I lost her completely. I shot some strangers I came across, then finally decided to try entering one of the rooms. It was only the size of a box, but it was opposite the ramp and it had a window. I crouched down beside the hole and kept a lookout for anyone coming up.

Cassia was the first to do so, still calling to Gem. I shot her in the back and ducked down.

A high heel clattered to the floor outside, followed by a soft sigh. "I've lost it again."

Nina appeared in the entrance, one shoe off. I was surprised by how fast her trigger finger moved as her eyes locked on mine. We fired at almost the same time.



Her gun buzzed.

She frowned. "What? I hit you! "

I you! While the police officer in her may have powered her reflexes, it had not helped her eyesight. Her laser beam was aimed way above my head.

As her gun reactivated and she continued to stare at mine in wonder, I tried to shoot again. But I was laughing too hard to pull the trigger.

***

First place went to a young man who wore a grin that suggested he was a long-running laser tag champion. I came second. Erin came third. The rest of my intoxicated friends were at the bottom of the leader board.

As we left the building, Gem turned to me. "Let's have a nightcap at The Silver Star. I want to sit down."

I wanted to sit down, too. I might not have played laser tag in my heels, but I had done an hour of dancing beforehand, and it was starting to catch up with me. My calves were aching, and my feet were crying out in protest. "Okay."

"I know a shortcut," she said. "Follow me."

She tottered off in the opposite direction. Cassia went after her. Erin fell into step with Nina, and they linked hands. Suddenly forgotten on my night of honour, I brought up the rear.

We quickly turned off the road and clip-clopped down an empty backstreet like Victorian horses pulling a carriage. When we were almost at the end, Gem veered off into an alley. I could hear shouting in the not-too-far-distance.

I slowed down. "Gem, maybe we should go a different --"

She walked out and turned the corner, taking the others with her. I had no choice but to follow.

There were more voices now, dozens of them roaring. My friends turned another corner and vanished. I hastened to catch up with them.

When I did, they'd stopped dead.

Amid the scraps of rubbish and the dark skyscrapers, a circle of people had gathered. Their fists and tabphones were raised. They chanted and shouted. Bright clothing flashed in the middle as two people fought.

Affray, was the first thing I thought. Statutory offence. Arrest them.

Affray, Statutory offence. Arrest them. I fumbled for my tabphone so that I could call for backup. In the circle, there was a loud thump as someone hit the floor. The roars grew. At the back, a man stepped onto an old wooden box and bellowed over them. There was shuffling in the circle, and two more opponents stepped in.

A black shape swooped down from the sky, bright blue eyes flashing. Another joined it. Erin caught my arm and yanked me back, and yet another PRB dropped where we'd been standing. They were filling the night sky like locusts.

The crowd scattered as human police officers arrived from both ends of the street. Somewhere in the sudden onslaught of people, the rest of my friends vanished.

"Fuck!" I squinted into the dark. "Cassia! Ni--"

Someone grabbed my other arm and turned me around. "You're under arrest -- Amber? "

Amber? I stared up at Sebastian. "Hello. Please don't arrest me."

"Hello, yourself." He smiled in bemusement. "What are you doing here? You should be partying."

"Wrong place, wrong time." I kicked off my heels. "Come on."

Sebastian released my arm and cut his way through the struggling crowd of police officers and spectators. I hurried after him.



I'd only taken two steps before I found trouble.

DC Laney was struggling to detain two fighters, even with the help of a familiar police academy trainee at her side: Cadium, the older brother of Emz and Indigo from Rise & Grinder. The fighters were the man and woman who'd been up next.

Laney slammed the man against the wall and handcuffed him. The woman turned and punched Cadium in the face, and he stumbled back.

I was there a stride later, grabbing her arms and pulling her behind her back, and then Laney returned with more handcuffs. I left her to make the formal arrest and went to the young trainee. I wasn't sure he was even supposed to be out here. "Cadium, are you all right?"

He'd slumped against the wall, one hand pressed to his bleeding cheek. Now he smiled weakly and tried to stand up. "Inspector Rames. Are those your new work clothes?"

"Cheeky." I grinned and offered him my hand. "It's my hen party. Well, it was until --"

His eyes widened. Two arms suddenly fastened around my neck and jerked me back, squeezing. I stumbled, scrabbling to pull them off, the breath rushing out of me in surprise.

Spots swam before my eyes. My legs gave out as I gasped for air.

" Let her go! "

Let her go! The arms vanished. I crashed to the floor and wheezed.

"Don't move, or I'll shoot," Alex said.

Handcuffs clinked behind me.

My vision slowly cleared. Cadium was staring at me with an open mouth, his face white.

Alex crouched down beside me. "Amber?"

"Thank you," I gasped. My fingers curled into the concrete as I struggled to get my breath back.

His gaze was filled with concern. "Can you stand?"

I nodded.

He took my arms and hauled me to my feet. My knees turned soft, but he held me firmly against him. His gaze swept over the tender skin of my neck, and his grip tightened. "Bastard."

"I'm okay."

"What are even you doing here?" His gaze trailed down my dirty dress and landed on my bare feet. He frowned. "And what have you been doing?"

"Playing laser tag and arresting people."

Around us, the flurry of activity was dying down. It looked like most of the fighters had escaped, because there were more police personnel than arrestees. My friends were safe and sound on the other side of the street. Cassia was being sick, Gem had fallen down, and Nina was whining because she'd broken the heel of her shoe. Erin was trying to make her take the other one off before she fell over.

I turned back to Alex. "What are you doing here? I didn't even get the time to call this in before you all arrived."

you "We had a tip-off just as I got around the tracking block. Levi was here." Alex had a glance around for himself. "But he's not now."

"Sir?"

We turned together. DC Laney was approaching us, Dixon at her side. My governor gave me the same bemused sweep of the eyes Alex had, his brows rising.

Laney extended an evidence bag containing a cracked tabphone. "Levi Ford's, sir. I found it at the side of the road."

"Thank you." Alex took the bag, his jaw tightening. "Now we have nothing to track him with. Just when I'd almost found him..."

"We'll get him in the morning," Dixon said. "Give up now. You need to go home and sleep."

Erin integrated herself in the huddle as if she was part of the police, leaving Nina to her own devices. Sebastian also joined us with his sergeant, Otto Gibbs. He frowned across the street. "What's happened to your sister, Amber?"

I looked at my friends again. Cassia was on the floor with Gem now, and they were both clinging to each other and giggling.

"Tequila," I said dryly. "Lots of it."

But by then Sebastian had already gone to them. He offered Cassia his hand, and once he'd pulled her up, she flung her arms around him. "My hero!"

I put my head in my hands. "She's going to regret that in the morning."

"We should probably ditch the plan to have a nightcap," Erin said. "I think they've drunk enough."

"I'd better sleep over at Cassia's flat and take Gem with me. Someone needs to keep an eye on them."

"I'll bring them back to the hotel with Nina." Erin shrugged and smiled. "This is supposed to be your night. Go home and enjoy your fiancé."

I blushed.

Alex took my hand. "I like the sound of that idea. But you're going to need some shoes before we go anywhere."

Dixon frowned at my feet again. "Yes, I was wondering why you aren't wearing any."

"I'm not very balanced in platforms, sir, so I took them off. They're around here somewhere."

I stepped away to find them, but Alex pulled me back and swept me into his arms, bridal style. "There's broken glass everywhere. Just point me in the right direction."

I did, and he carried me off into the darkness.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 61


The next morning, our routine went much smoother than the last: I did not bleed on the breakfast or break anything. As we sat at the kitchen table and ate our toast, I described my hen party in more detail. Alex listened without taking his eyes off me, his lips set in a sensual smile. Everything felt a little more settled in the universe again.

We went to Rise & Grinder for caffeine. Emz and Indigo were working, and they'd heard all about the arrests we'd made the previous night with Cadium. Emz seemed especially interested in what I'd been doing on the backstreet and why I'd been walking around with no shoes on. I explained both. She quickly decided that when she got married, she was also going to play laser tag at her hen party.

It prompted me to message Nina as we left. Thank you for such an amazing night. I hope you don't feel TOO shitty this morning.

Thank you for such an amazing night. I hope you don't feel TOO shitty this morning. We walked to Levi's flat, situated in the same grotty neighbourhood as Iberia's. On a day that was even duller than usual, it looked doubly depressing. It felt like it should have been six in the morning instead of nine, and even with caffeine in my system, I wanted to be in bed. My eyes were aching and gritty. My feet were sore from dancing.

We entered Levi's building, and my sergeant rang the bell to his flat. "May we come in?"

A camera screen emerged from the door. "Let me ask Levi."

At last, we'd found him.

Levi said nothing over the intercom, but the door swung open. He was standing in the hallway, his hands shoved into his pockets and his biceps straining against his t-shirt. He had a nasty black eye and a bloody scrape across his chin, and his eyes were wild with uncertainty.

"Morning," he said slowly. "I didn't know you were coming."

"I left several messages last night asking you to come down to the station," Alex said, his tone cutting. "We tried tracking you, but you were under a blanket block."

"You called in sick to Underworld Eclipse," I added, "but you weren't cosied up at home. You were at a street fight, Levi."

"No."

Alex fished the evidence bag out of his pocket and held it up in the light. The cracked tabphone gleamed. "You dropped this when you fled."

Our suspect paled.

"Levi Ford," I said, "I am arresting you on suspicion of affray. You do not have to say anything, but --"

Alex's earpiece buzzed. He shot me an apologetic look and stepped back into the corridor. By the time I'd cuffed Levi, Alex was back again.

His eyes narrowed as he regarded Levi, who by now was as white as a wedding dress. Then he muttered in my ear: "There's been another murder."

***

The quaint charm of Jade's Cakes had been crushed under the physical evidence of the tragedy. Electro-tape stretched across the door, and a PRB was on guard beneath the antique sign. Next to it, Lavender Jones the wedding planner was standing with DC Laney, shivering in the cold wind.

"She was just lying there," Lavender said as we approached. "She looked so horrified... Oh, Inspector Rames."

We stopped. Lavender's tawny skin was a little cooler, and her chocolate-and-caramel hair was swept away from her face. She was dressed in a plain beige trench coat, but gemstones still gleamed on her fingers as she linked them together.

"You found her?" I said.

"Yes." Lavender's lips quivered. She touched my shoulder. "It was awful, Inspector."



"I'm very sorry. Do you mind telling me what you were you doing up here?"

"I came to talk with Jade about another client of mine. I was impressed with her when we worked together for Iberia's wedding." Lavender looked down. "She wasn't in the showroom, so I walked through to the kitchen..." She shuddered and pressed a hand over her mouth.

"All right, thank you."

We suited up and entered the crime scene. Beyond the hologram cakes, a PRB was examining the display of knives. We walked straight through to the kitchen.

Jade Beaumont was lying on the steel table in the centre of the room, a knife planted in her chest. With Cassia standing over the table, I could have almost been fooled into thinking the cake shop had become a functioning mortuary.

Iberia and Ethan's wedding cake was still on display at the edge of the room, but it looked as if it had been attacked by a maniac. The icing was smashed, the sponge was squashed, and huge pieces had been hacked out of it. The couples' topper had been thrown to the floor and stamped on until it had broken in two.

Cassia straightened up and turned to us with bloodshot eyes. "Morning. I hate you."

"Getting drunk wasn't my idea." I joined her at the table and looked at Jade's frozen face. "What can you tell me?"

"Weapon appears to be a cake knife." Cassia tapped the handle, which had hearts engraved all over it. "According to the PRBs, there's one missing from behind the counter."

I turned to Alex. "See if they've found any CCTV."

He went back into the showroom.

"What time are you thinking?" I asked Cassia.

"Early this morning -- between midnight and two, probably."

"That's after we shut down the street fight. What was she doing here?"

"What street fight?"

"You don't remember?" I almost smiled as I looked at my sister. "We walked straight into it. You sat at the side of the road and threw up while we made the arrests. Then you called Sebastian your hero ."

hero Her cheeks turned pink. "Oh, God. I don't really remember anything."

"Before the fight, we went dancing and played laser tag." I felt my frown return. "And after the fight, someone walked in here and stabbed Jade."

A shadow fell over us, and I glanced over my shoulder as Alex filled the doorway. He was holding a tiny camera in his hands, but he looked no happier. "It's gone."

"They took the footage out?"

"And wiped the camera down for prints. There are no prints on the knife cabinet, either."

"Damn." I glanced at the destroyed cake. "Please tell me the murderer isn't intending to kill the entire wedding party..."

***

Levi's solicitor still hadn't turned up when we got back to the station, so Alex and I went to our office to wait. I'd only set one foot over the threshold when I heard DC Laney behind me. "Ma'am, we have something you should see."

"Yes?" I turned around and almost walked into Alex.

"Footage of last night's street fight has been uploaded to Xplora and reported to us. While we were examining it, we identified Levi Ford."

"Show me."

She led us into the larger cube attached to our office, filled with glass desks and house plants, tablets and photo frames, officers talking on tabphones and PRBs. We followed her to a desk near the back of the room, where a tablet displaying a dark video on pause was hovering. She sat down and pressed play.



The figures jumped into motion, and a roar of unintelligible noise poured out the speakers. People were milling around in a messy crowd. The cameraman was turning around, showing off the chaos. The tabphone lingered in place every few seconds to focus on friends placing bets and fighters warming up.

It briefly settled on Levi, dressed all in black and wrapping boxing tape around his large knuckles. A woman shuffled into the frame and tapped him on the shoulder.

"Stop!" I said.

Laney tapped the screen, and the video froze. I leaned in and looked hard at the golden blonde. "That's Jade Beaumont. You'll have to send me this video, Laney."

"Yes, ma'am." She tapped the screen again.

Levi turned around, surprise flashing across his face as he looked at Jade. They exchanged words, but whatever they said was lost beneath the din of the crowd.

The camera moved on. As it curved around the street, it trailed over a burly woman with bright red hair helping a scrawny teenager to wrap his knuckles. A familiar, angry man was standing next to them.

"Ethan Sharpe!" I said as the camera spun. "What was he doing there?"

he In the reflection of the tablet screen, Alex frowned.

The camera kept moving in a slow circle until it reached Levi again. Jade was moving out of the frame. Ethan was entering it. Levi turned towards him.

The footage stopped.

***

"This interview is being video-recorded and may be given in evidence if your case is brought to trial. We are in an interview room at Socrico Police Station on 19th November 2186. The time is 11:30. I am Detective Inspector Amber Rames. The other police officer present is Detective Sergeant Alex O'Sullivan. Please state your full name and date of birth."

"Levi Ford." His voice was hoarse, and his eyes were red. "10th September 2163."

"Also present is Levi Ford's solicitor," I said. "Levi, I will remind you that you do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence." I leaned back. "We have video footage placing you at the scene of an organised street fight at around ten-thirty last night, alongside Ethan Sharpe and Jade Beaumont. That is the last time Jade was seen alive."

His jaw tightened, and he swallowed hard.

"Where were you this morning between the hours of midnight and two o'clock?"

"At home," he said thickly.

"Doing what?"

"Sleeping."

"Can anyone else confirm that?"

"No."

I slid three Xplora screenshots I'd printed out across the table. One was of Levi wrapping boxing tape around his knuckles. The second was of Levi talking to Jade. The third was of Levi turning to face Ethan with clenched fists.

I tapped the picture of Levi and Jade. "What was your relationship with Jade Beaumont?"

"We were friends," he said quietly.

"You were in love with her. But Iberia Mills sabotaged your chance at a relationship."

"That was a silly old thing in school."

"Had you forgiven her?"

He hesitated. "No."

His solicitor scowled at him.

"You spoke with Jade before she left last night. What did you discuss?"

"The fight." Levi sighed. "It wasn't my first time, and she knew it. She hated me going to stuff like that. I don't know how she found out about it, but she came to beg me not to participate. She was worried that I might get hurt."

"What was your response to her plea?"

"I brushed her off. She got angry with me and left."

"Just as your best friend showed up." I tapped the third picture. "Did you fight him?"

"Yes. Ethan has -- had -- his eye on her."

had "So whoever won got the girl?" Alex asked, looking unimpressed.

"Yes."

"Did you fight before our PRBs arrived?" I asked.

"Yes. I won." His gaze drifted away, and his voice cracked. "Not that it matters now."

"Where did you go after the crowd broke up?"

"Home."

"Can anyone testify to that?"

"No."

"Okay." I took the pictures back. "Why was it that you thought Ethan liked Jade?"

His hands slowly closed into fists. "I saw them on a date in Coffee Glitch on Wednesday. I didn't know what it was at first, although I was suspicious. Then I found out that just having one woman hadn't contented him while Iberia had been alive. If he'd slept with Ruby, it wasn't a stretch to imagine that he'd also been sleeping with her near-identical sister." Levi's eyes darkened.

"Did Jade confirm that she was in a relationship with Ethan?"

confirm "I didn't ask." He leaned forward, his voice breaking. "Look, Inspector...did you know Jade introduced Iberia to Ethan at school? She also encouraged them to hook back up when they graduated from university. She's the reason why they were getting married. William knew that. And Brittany."

"Brittany didn't leave her flat last night," I said, recalling our surveillance report. She'd left her flat at two the previous afternoon and entered it again at five, where she'd remained since.

But the report hadn't mentioned where William had been.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 62


"I wonder what Ethan's coffee shop meeting with Jade was about," I mused as we walked back to our office.

"Maybe he was seeing Jade," Alex said.

was "I suppose we'll just have to ask. But when we do face him, I'd like it to be with an arrest warrant. You can file for one on the tram."

"On the tram?" Alex raised an eyebrow. "Where are we going now, then?"

"I'd like a word with William Sharpe."

We rode a tram to the Sharpes' flat for the third time in as many days. When William admitted us, he was waiting in the hallway and slowly turning puce.

"Inspector," he said, "I am sick of seeing your face. Are you going to accuse me of murdering the Beaumont girl this time?"

I took a deep, calming breath. "You've heard, then?"

"It's all over Xplora. Which one is it now?"

"Jade," Alex said coldly.

William shrugged. "They're both the same to me: nothing. I don't have anything to do with them and I never have done. So I want you to clear off."

"Tell us where you were between midnight and two this morning," I said.

He heaved a sigh, tipping his head back. "Out for a walk."

"Can anyone confirm that?"

"No." He looked back at us with hard eyes. "Now you are going to accuse me."

are "I don't accuse anyone until I have the evidence." I stepped forward. "But you were openly hostile towards Iberia Mills, and I've been told that you're aware of Jade Beaumont's role as the matchmaker between Iberia and your son. So, were you aware that Ethan was having an affair with Ruby Beaumont?"

His nostrils flared, and he closed his hands into fists. "You really think even Ethan was that foolish? Get the bloody hell out, and don't come back!"

Turning away, he strode down the corridor.

"Mr Sharpe --"

Brittany appeared in the doorway to his study. "William? What --"

"Move." He shoved her aside so that he could get through, then manhandled her out the door and slammed it.

The three of us stared at each other.

Brittany's eyes were red and swollen, and her face was bare of make-up. She rubbed the heel of her palm against her chest. "I suppose you'd like to know where I was this morning."

"Yes," I lied. There was no reason for her to know that she'd been under surveillance.

"I was here, sleeping. Or, at least, trying to." Her voice thickened. "Iberia was my only true love. Now that she's gone, the world is all wrong."

Brittany hadn't been the one about to marry Iberia, and she hadn't really been her friend, yet I felt a sympathy for her that I hadn't felt for anyone else. There was true love seeping out of her every pore: something simple in its genuineness that no one, not even Ethan, had really expressed.

"I'm sorry to have to ask this," I said softly, "but were you aware of Jade Beaumont's role in Ethan and Iberia's relationship?"

Pain creased her face, and she suddenly looked very old. "Yes. Jade played Cupid with my boy at school. While I was trying to fix things with Iberia, she meddled again and set their marriage into motion. I hated her guts for it." Brittany's eyes filled. "I hated her guts. But I didn't kill her."



I looked at Alex. The motive fitted...

motive "I know there's no way to prove it, but I swear I was here!" Tears splashed down Brittany's cheeks. "I didn't kill any of them!"

"We know, Mrs Sharpe," I murmured. "We know."

***

We left the building and walked west, both of us fumbling to fasten our coats up as an icy wind tunnelled down the road. It dragged its fingers through my hair and draped it over my face. I shoved it back. "Do you think it'll be quicker to walk directly to Ruby and Jade's flat than to find a tram stop?"

"Er, probably." Alex's eyebrows furrowed. "But the PRBs searched it straight after Ruby's murder."

"I don't care. I want to look for myself." If nothing else, maybe I'd find some inspiration. No one's motives quite matched up with all three murders, and evidence was thin on the ground.

Alex was wise enough to say no more and just follow me, and soon we were back in the neighbourhood where everything had started. Shadows clung to the sides of the road. Dark platforms crossed overhead. We found the block of flats Ruby and Jade had lived in and took a lift up to the first floor. There, Alex picked the lock to the front door.

We entered a dark, musty living room. Yellow wallpaper was peeling around a faded sofa bed, its colour washed-out in comparison to the sparkly red dress on the cushions. I guessed that was where Ruby had slept.

I snapped on nitrile gloves, then picked the dress up and shook it. I knew that the PRBs would have done this already and gathered what they'd considered to be useful. I knew that nothing would fall out. But, damn it, I had to try. We had three dead bodies in as many days.

Dropping the dress, I turned to Alex, who was examining the contents of the coffee table. Two fake tea lights and a crumb-covered plate had been left on the scratched surface. He looked up and shook his head.

"You take the kitchen now," I said. "I'll see what else is here."

The answer was not a lot . I entered a hallway all of four feet long, which led to a tiny bathroom and cramped bedroom. I stood in the bedroom doorway and observed Jade's living space with little enthusiasm. The carpet was threadbare and the walls had been stripped. They were damp. It was the coldest part of the flat, but the stained duvet on the bed looked thin. A strip of glass had been set into the wall above it, allowing a sliver of light in. A small wardrobe stood opposite.

not a lot A chill ran down my spine. The flat was such a world away from Jade's Cakes that it felt wrong , as if two pieces of the universe that shouldn't have fitted had been forced together. But even though it was a dismal place, another question pushed through to the forefront of my mind.

wrong "Why didn't you come back here after you'd seen Levi?" I asked the air. "What drove you to go to work at two o'clock in the morning?"

"Loneliness," Alex said from behind.

I turned around.

"Ruby used to live here with her," he continued, his eyes hooded with his own pain. "And the reminders that she's gone are everywhere."

"So she went to her shop to block it out?"

"It makes sense to me." He strode to the wardrobe, pulling the doors open.

I joined him and peered inside. Jeans, jumpers, and t-shirts were crammed together on the rail. Shoes were stacked on top of each other beneath them, as neatly as Jade had been able to manage in the space. A few pairs were balanced on top of a dog-eared cardboard box.



"There are more clothes in the kitchen," Alex said. "I think they must have been Ruby's. They're underneath the plates in the cupboard, above the sink, folded up in the oven..."

I leaned forward and pulled the shoebox out from the mountain. The pairs that had been balanced on top of it tumbled down with a clatter, and I turned away from them and carried the box to the bed. There, I traced my finger over a scrap of paper that was taped to the lid. Two letters had been scrawled on it. TS.

TS. Alex came to stand beside me. I lifted the lid.

A single sheet of paper lay inside, starting to yellow with age. It looked like a letter.

TS,

TS, I want you to have some

I want you to have some The rest of was scribbled out, over and over again so that I could see nothing but black ink. "TS -- to...someone?"

We stared at it, stumped.

"This is getting crazy." I dragged a hand through my hair. "Nothing makes sense. I need to think. This room is too small."

I kicked my boots off and climbed onto Jade's bed. Alex watched me pace across the mattress. "You could have picked another room."

"Shhh." I pressed my fingers against my forehead. "I feel like something's slipping away from me."

The ancient springs were hard beneath my socks. And noisy. Squeak. Squeak. Squeak.

Squeak. Squeak. Squeak. "The more tangled webs we uncover, the more we're losing sight of something." Squeak. "Something's getting away from us..."

Squeak. Squeak. Squeak.

Squeak. Squeak. The sound was driving me out of my mind, so I stopped and stared through the window. Another grey street lay below us, deserted. A lone scrap of electro-tape fluttered in the breeze, blue and white stripes flashing. Someone had laid a soggy bouquet of flowers next to it.

God! That was the street Ruby had been stabbed on -- right underneath Jade's window. Had she stood here and looked at it, like me?

I sprung off the bed and swept my boots into my arms. "I need to go down there."

Too eager to stop moving, I managed to hop around and shove my boots on while I was walking back through the living room. Alex followed me out the flat and into the lift, looking slightly concerned for my sanity.

Once we were out of the block, I ran down to the end of the road and around the corner. For a moment, I thought I could see it all again as I turned onto the fateful street. A woman lying on her back in the middle of the concrete...

A woman lying on her back in the middle of the concrete... But there were only shadows and flowers and broken electro-tape. Not even a bloodstain marked the spot anymore. I relied on my memory to take me to the right place.

"Here." I stopped in the middle of the road. "This is exactly where Ruby died. Stand still and pretend to be her. Well, I'll pretend you're Ruby -- it doesn't matter what you're thinking."

"I think you need more sleep," Alex said, but he stood where I wanted him to.

I positioned myself behind him. It was hard to see past Sergeant Alex O'Sullivan, but I balled my hands into fists until my nails were pressing against my sticking plaster, trying to convince myself that he was Ruby Beaumont. And that I was the killer.

"Okay..." I took a step back. "So I see you walking ahead of me, down the street. Your back is to me. You're walking away from your flat."

Right, those were the facts. But what was I thinking?

thinking? "I was expecting to find you in your flat," I said slowly, "but here you are. I couldn't have known you'd go out for milk; it's a real coincidence. Now I have to improvise, or maybe I've just lost all my patience. I want to kill you now. Yes, I'm furious with you over something. Screw the plan. You're here, and something breaks inside me. I draw the knife."

Settling into my roleplay, I stepped forward. "I reach you, and in my rage I shove my knife straight into your back." My heartbeat quickened as I started to move around him. My imagination was running just as fast, almost seeing the golden blonde hair. "Then I'm coming around the front to give you the proper wound, the mortal one I was planning. I'm thrusting the knife in almost before I've got there, almost before I know what I'm doing, because you've screamed or you are screaming, and I need to get away. And --"

All my breath rushed out of my lungs. It was like someone had finally switched on a light bulb inside my head, and the voltage was explosive.

Alex cleared his throat. "And...?"

"I'm surprised," I said. "You weren't supposed to die. I thought you were Jade from behind!"



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 63


We said nothing on our way back to the station, but the second we were in our office and the door had shut, Alex turned to me. "The cake knife. That's what we were losing sight of."

"Yes." I shrugged my coat off and started pacing again. A small box marked JADE had been put on my desk, but I ignored it. "It makes such perfect sense now. The rest of the weapons link to their victims: the bridal shoes for Iberia and the wedding cake knife for Jade. Ruby was also stabbed with a cake knife -- yet it had nothing to do with any role she'd taken on for the wedding."

JADE "So the knife was meant for Jade," Alex said.

"Yes. The murderer made a mistake and repeated their method when they found Jade at the cake shop. But they didn't go prepared that time. They had to take a knife from the display behind the counter." I stopped pacing. "I don't even know if my theory is right. We don't know anything new. We have no evidence. But my gut believes it's the truth."

know know "Are we going to question Levi again?"

"Not yet. I want to connect the dots with Ethan first and see where that leads us." I went back to my desk. "While we wait for the warrant, let's have a look through Jade's tabphone."

Alex glanced at his. "It's lunchtime already."

"Was that an offer?" I sat down and dug through the bagged evidence in the box. It was all stuff that had been on Jade's person when she'd died, and there wasn't much of it. My fingers closed around her tabphone. "I could do with some coffee while you're in the cafeteria. And a chocolate bar."

My sergeant grumbled something about me being bossy, but by the time I looked up, he'd gone.

***

The last messages that Jade and Ethan had exchanged were dated from the week before. Ethan had asked Jade if they could meet at Coffee Glitch. She had agreed. They'd arranged a time.

That had been the end of that. There was nothing flirty in their messages...nothing even remotely warm, in fact. Whatever had gone on between them, I was sure it wasn't what Levi had suspected.

Ethan's arrest warrant came through as we were finishing our lunch, so we finally went to ask the man some questions.

We rode a tram to his flat without tracking him, certain that he would be at home with his twin sister and her son. But when I rang the doorbell, it only asked Danielle if we could come in.

She answered the door herself, her face pale. "I saw on Xplora...Jade's gone?"

"Yes," I said. "She was stabbed at her shop this morning. I'm sorry. I know it's a shock. Where's Ethan?"

"Buying pizza bases for dinner. He won't be long." She stepped back, slipping her hands into her pockets and lowering her head. "Come in."

We followed her through the hallway into the large living room. Benjamin was sitting on the fluffy rug again, playing quietly with an action figure.

Danielle stopped beside him and turned to face us. "Can I...can I get you something to drink? Tea? Coffee?"

I glanced at Alex. He shook his head.

"No, thank you," I said.

"Right." She sat down on the sofa and rubbed her eyes. "Well, then..."

I settled opposite her. "Where was Ethan last night, Danielle? Say around ten-thirty."

"Here." Her gaze darted between us quickly.

"Oh, really?" I raised my eyebrows. "You'd testify to that in court?"



She nodded.

"Then you'd be lying under oath. I don't suppose I need to explain to a paralegal like yourself that you'd be charged with perjury."

"I wouldn't be lying." She drew herself up straighter. "Ethan was here."

"He was at an organised street fight, and we have video footage proving it. You know that he was out, Danielle. Did you know where he'd gone?"

know Her face crumpled, and tears welled in her eyes. "Yes. I tried to stop him, but he wouldn't listen. He said that he'd been challenged." She sighed. "And he never backs down from a challenge."

"What time did he come home?"

"I don't know. I was asleep when he got in. But Benji had a nightmare at about one." She looked lovingly at her son. "He shouted for me, and I went into him. I saw that Ethan was back -- the light was on in his room."

"Did you actually see him? "

him? "Well...no." She sat up straighter and met my eyes. "But, Inspector, you can't think --"

"These are routine questions I have to ask for the sake of the investigation." I leaned forward. "Were you here between midnight and two last night?"

you "I was asleep in my bed -- and then in Benjamin's."

"Right, okay. Tell me: you helped Jade with some maid of honour duties in the build-up to the wedding, didn't you? And you attended meetings with Lavender Jones alongside Jade and Iberia."

"Yes." Danielle looked between us uncertainly. "Iberia wanted my insight because I've married before. But Jade was a good maid of honour in her own right. She would have given anything to get a fairytale wedding for Iberia." She shrugged, the sleeves of her jumper riding up. "They were best friends, and I do know that she was the one who got Ethan and Iberia back --"

"Wait." I looked at the sleeves that had ridden up. Very slowly, I stood. "Danielle..."

Little red burns climbed up the inside of her wrist.

She yanked her jumper back down and jumped up with me, her eyes filling with wild fear. "It's not -- it's not what you think."

"Did your brother do that?"

"H-he -- he..." She shook her head, covering her face.

Alex took my arm and pulled me back onto the sofa. Then he said, softly, "We can help, Danielle. Whoever did this, we can protect you from them."

Her eyes flicked to the door between her fingers, calculating the distance to her escape route. But then she looked down at Benjamin.

"Yes. It was Ethan." She sank back onto the sofa, her hands shaking as she lowered them. "But you can't take him away from me. Don't take him away from me, please."

"We're going to have to tell someone," I said, "and we can't promise --"

"No!" Her voice rose into a screech. "He and Benji are all I have left! Oh, please... "

"No!" please... Out in the hallway, the front door clicked open. Heavy footsteps clomped towards us.

The thick stink of smoke entered the room just before Ethan did. He stopped on the threshold and surveyed us, a cigarette glowing at his side. His eyes darkened and simmered. "What the fuck are you doing here?"

Alex stood up and approached him slowly. I followed. "Ethan Sharpe, I am arresting you on suspicion of affray. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."



Ethan swept his cigarette hand through the air, knocking a glass vase from its perch on the end table. It shattered on the floor. He jabbed a finger in Danielle's direction. "What did you tell them?"

She shrank back. "Nothing!"

"We have you on video, Ethan," I said. "There's no getting out of this. Now, are you going to come quietly, or...?" I tugged my handcuffs out of my pocket.

He lunged, swinging his fist at me. Danielle shrieked.

Alex caught him by the collar and yanked him back.

I gritted my teeth. "Well, then. Handcuffs it is."

***

Ethan refused his right to legal advice, so we got down to business soon after we'd arrived at the station. I said what was necessary for the video cameras in the interview room, never once breaking eye contact with our detainee. At the edge of my vision, Alex glared at him.

Ethan was sporting a split lip, two black eyes, and another large bruise on his cheek. I started off by stating the obvious as I slid my printed photos across the table. "You were at an organised street fight last night. You fought Levi Ford. You also saw Jade Beaumont."

He glared at the pictures, which were the same three I'd shown to Levi. "I didn't speak to her."

"But the fight was about her. Levi challenged you because he thought you were an item."

fight "That's right." Ethan tugged a pack of cigarettes from his pocket.

"No smoking."

He put one between his lips, but he didn't light it.

" Were you involved with Jade Beaumont?" Alex asked.

Were "No."

"Then why fight your best man?"

"Because he challenged me. I thought I'd just knock him off his self-righteous arse."

"But he won?" I said.

Ethan grunted his assent.

"Where did you go afterwards?"

"For a walk," he said. "I was pissed off."

"Can anyone testify to that?"

"No. I stuck to those backstreets, and no one was really around. Then I went home."

"What time was that?"

He scratched the back of his neck with the unlit cigarette. "Maybe just before one."

"Did you stop off at Jade's Cakes on the way?"

His jaw tightened. "No. I went home, I went to bed, and I didn't know she'd been stabbed until I saw it on Xplora this morning."

"You met up with her last week for coffee," I said.

"So?"

"Why?"

"Why not? I just wanted a friendly chat."

"What about?"

"It's none of your business."

I leaned forward. "As the senior investigating officer of her murder inquiry, it is very much my business."

"No comment, then." He put the cigarette between his lips again.

"Did you hold a grudge against Jade?" Alex asked.

"No. I would never hurt her."

"But you agree with violence," I said.

He looked away. "When people get on my bad side."

"Does that extend to domestic violence?"

"What?" He looked back at me, his eyes clearing.

"We have reasonable suspicion to believe that you're abusing your sister. We've seen the burns on her skin. Do you deny it?"

He held my gaze for a long moment. Swallowed. Then he lit his cigarette. "No."

"You can't smoke in --"

"Worried I'm going to hurt you?" He sneered. "That's just a treatment I reserve for Danielle."

"Do you hurt Benjamin?"

Ethan inhaled. Slowly exhaled a stream of smoke. Tapped the ash off on the table, his moves strong and deliberate. "No."

Every question we asked him after that was met with silence.

***

We spent the last few daylight hours in our office. I passed Ethan's details on to our domestic abuse unit and learned that Levi Ford had been released on bail. Ethan would not be.

I completed electronic paperwork. Alex did the same. From time to time, I glanced through the glass walls of our office at the main cube and noted that the activity in there looked similarly muted.

Jade Beaumont had been murdered less than twenty-four hours ago, but while we had several suspects, we had no evidence to charge any of them with the crime.

When the clock hit five, I was ready to go. It wasn't that I wanted to throw the towel in, but I was desperate to get up and stretch my legs. My frustration was making me twitchy, and Alex kept sighing all the time.

I shoved my chair back and turned to him, just as my tabphone burst to life.

I picked it up and accepted an audio-call from a distant second cousin I'd met enough times to count on one hand. Then I ran through a conversation that I'd had far too many times.

Alex was quick to point that out when I'd finished. "The time and the venue are on the e-invitations."

"I know, but people just like to double-check, I guess."

"You hardly even know her." His voice was harsh.

"Well...no...but we agreed on the guest list together." I swallowed. "If you have a problem with --"

"No." He stood up and yanked his coat off the chair. "But we're in the middle of a murder investigation. Three people are dead and we're no closer to catching the killer, so I wish they'd stop bothering you!"

I blinked. "They haven't really interfered..."

"What about the dress? What about the flowers? What about the parties? This wedding has taken over your life, and I'm sick of hearing about it." He pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed. "Why does all of this matter, anyway? Why does any of it matter?"

My stomach churned, and a lump like fire rose in my throat. I wanted to scream at him, but my tabphone -- the thing I'd been planning our wedding on -- was in my hand, and the lump grew larger. I didn't want to fight. I just wanted to sink to my knees and weep, because I loved the man in front of me.

planning our wedding on At last, I found my voice. "It's our wedding, Alex. That's why it matters."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 64


I fled from the office to the staff toilets, tears overflowing. Was Alex saying that he didn't want to get married anymore?

Was I being too pushy about the planning?

I pressed my forehead against the tiled wall and sighed as a headache started to build. We'd been rushed into this -- forced into this -- and now Alex was probably thinking that while the sex was good, he hadn't even known me for a year. So he definitely didn't want to sign up to forever.

forced I left the toilets twenty minutes later, certain that he would have gone home. When I reached my office and saw Dixon and Sebastian talking a little further up the corridor, I suddenly realised that I should have checked my tearful reflection. They broke off their conversation and came towards me immediately, and by the time I'd ducked into the cube for my bag and re-emerged, they were waiting.

Sebastian was frowning. "Amber, what's wrong?"

I shook my head and sidled past, tears threatening to rise again. He reached out for me, but I jerked away.

"Amber," Dixon warned.

I strode clear of them, out the maze of cubes, through the station door, running to the top of the road. I slowed to a walk when I hit the high street. Another tear slithered down my cheek, and I swiped it away.

My tabphone buzzed. Dixon was calling. I didn't answer. I knew that ignoring my governor was playing with fire, but I didn't care.

I kept my tabphone cradled in my hands as I walked, watching Dixon's name flash up over and over again. I couldn't decide whether he was growing more concerned or more pissed off. At last, when I turned onto my road, I shoved it back in my pocket. My fingers were turning numb now, so I buried them deep. They brushed against cardboard.

My stride faltered. I pulled my hand back out and looked at what I was holding.

It was a cream business card with Lavender Jones, Wedding Planner embossed on it. Roses grew around her name. I smoothed my fingertips over them, quite certain that I'd never picked the card up. Where had it come from?

Lavender Jones, Wedding Planner "You found her?" I asked outside Jade's Cakes.

"You found her?" I asked outside Jade's Cakes. "Yes." Lavender touched my shoulder. "It was awful, Inspector."

"Yes." Lavender touched my shoulder. "It was awful, Inspector." What had she been doing with her other hand -- slipping the card in my pocket? I flipped it over and scrutinised the blank side as if it held the answer. That had been sly.

When I reached the entrance to my block, I tucked it back in my pocket. I wouldn't even have to wish for a wedding planner if Alex told me that he wanted to call the whole thing off. Although when prison was the other option, that was hardly likely.

wish But if the wedding meant nothing to him, did he still love me?

He was waiting just inside our front door, leaning against the wall. His shoulders were slumped, but he straightened up when I came in. "Amber, I'm sorry. Please -- don't go."

I realised that I was hesitating on the threshold, and I wondered if I should ignore him and turn around. Find somewhere loud to drown out my thoughts. Pretend that this day had never happened.

That would only prolong the inevitable, so I shut the door and folded my arms over my chest.

He rubbed his forehead. "I didn't mean what I said in our office to come out like that. I'm angry for you, not with you. And it's not that I don't think the wedding matters -- I just wish it didn't."

for I raised my eyebrows.

"I mean -- I do want it to matter, but..." He heaved a sigh. "Hell, Amber, I'm in love with you. The rest of it is peripheral to me."



I should have been relieved, but I wasn't. There was something very anxious in his eyes.

He came closer. When I didn't move, he took my hands. "I just want to love you and be with you for life, and sometimes I don't want to follow the traditional route. The wedding planning tires you out, and I don't want you to feel spread thin when we're investigating the murders of three people, too."

"Justice," I whispered. "You don't want me to make a mistake."

He hesitated. "Yes, that matters to me. But my concern for you matters more. That's what I'm trying to talk about."

"I'm fine." I smiled flatly. "This is just what weddings are like. Organising so much is stressful, but we'll enjoy it on the big day." It sounded like a plea even to my ears. Will we enjoy our big day, Alex?

Will we enjoy our big day, Alex? "Yes, I am looking forward to that." He tightened his grip on my hands. "I am looking forward to marrying you. It's just... Will you come and sit down with me for a minute?"

am Oh, shit. My heart tumbled into my boots as I followed him into the living room and we sat down together.

Oh, shit. He looked into my eyes with more uncertainty than I'd ever seen him bear. "Do you remember our first investigation?"

"Of course." How could I ever forget it? Chemistry had simmered between us from the moment we'd met, and we'd spent the inquiry not knowing whether to fight it or give in. Alex had awoken something deep inside me that was more than sexual attraction. It was friendship; it was care; it was love. It was everything.

"Do you remember that song?"

"First comes murder, then comes marriage..."

"No, the real version." Amusement flickered in his gaze, then died again. "First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes a baby in the baby carriage."

I tensed.

"We've never talked about having children," he said. "Everything happened so quickly...it always felt too late. After all, we're legally required to marry. Even if we don't agree on important things. Like children."

I stared at him.

"I know that it might have been a deal-breaker in different circumstances," he continued, "even though I love you. But I don't want children. I'm sorry." He took my hands again. "Say something, please. I'm not scared, I'm just not inclined to be a father... What is it?"

I was smiling.

"That's it?" My voice sounded strange. "That's what's really been between us? Fear of how the hell we're going to cope with starting a family?"

"Yes." His face began to clear. "Hang on, you mean...?"

I nodded. "I don't want children -- I just know that I don't. We are a family the way we are: me, you, Mitzy, and our work. And I like it like that."

are "I was convinced you wouldn't. You may have this tough exterior, Amber Rames, but it's very easy to melt it."

"I deal with adults, that's why. I can be a sister, and a friend, and a girlfriend -- and a wife. But I can't see myself as a parent. I know it's a learning curve for everyone, but children just aren't right for some people. And I know that they're not right for me."

"I've been such an idiot." Alex drew me against him. "I wish we'd sat down and talked about it sooner. If I'd known you felt like that, I wouldn't have been so..."

"Grumpy?" I teased.

"Yes. I'm sorry."

"It's okay. What's done is done." I wrapped my arms around him. "It's all worth it to know that you do really want to marry me."



"Of course I do. I would have wanted to even if we weren't legally bound. Maybe we would have taken things slower, but only because you're so special that I would have been almost afraid to ask you." He slid his hand under my chin and tilted my head up to look at him. "I would have asked, though. And I would have wanted you to say yes more than anything in the world. I want you to be my wife, Amber."

yes He pressed his lips against mine softly, asking me to understand him. I was malleable beneath them, tasting the coffee and the sorrow and the love.

"I have to make this up to you," he whispered. He took my hand and kissed the sticking plaster spread across my palm, then lowered his lips to my neck, pushing me back against the sofa, slipping my jacket from my shoulders. "Let me show you how much I love you..."

***

When I woke up in Alex's arms the next morning, I could still feel everywhere he'd been imprinted against me. But it only took me a second to remember that it was Monday, and Monday meant it was the week of our wedding. Even though I was confident that Alex was with me all the way now, I still felt a shiver of nerves.

The alarm on my tabphone sounded, and I rolled away from my sergeant to turn it off. It was a somewhat unsuccessful manoeuvre. His arms fell away for a second, then came back as he sat up with me. He trailed kisses down my neck.

I smiled. "Morning."

"Morning." His voice was husky. "What the...?"

Something was wriggling down by our feet, underneath the duvet. It crawled all the way up to our end of the bed, and Mitzy's head popped out beside Alex. She meowed, scrambled free, and slunk off to the kitchen.

I stood up with a laugh. "Someone's hungry."

"Make that two someones." Alex sent me a hopeful grin before he went into the bathroom.

I rolled my eyes and started my routine: clothes, kitchen, find cat food. Start making toast. It was so mundane, but I hummed my favourite song and smiled to myself as I worked. Mundane was nice. Mundane was exciting. On Saturday, I was going to marry Alex, and we'd carry on rolling out of bed and being mundane together each morning for the rest of our lives.

My tabphone buzzed while I was buttering the toast, and I fumbled to pull it out of my pocket without making the screen greasy. "Oh, the florist at last."

Alex strolled into the kitchen and took it out of my hands. I caught a whiff of his lemon aftershave as he leaned in close and noticed that he hadn't done all his shirt buttons up. Then the lovely sight and smell left as he walked away to answer the call.

I carried on buttering the toast, half listening to his end of the conversation and half distracted by the rock song that I'd managed to get stuck in my head. When he'd ended the call, he slid my tabphone into my jeans pocket from behind. "She's got those roses for us."

"Oh, good. I couldn't have coped with peonies." I tossed the butter knife in the sink and turned around.

"Speaking of the wedding plans..." He stroked his hands down my arms to my hips. "Are you going to tell me anything about your dress?"

" No ."

No He kissed me fleetingly. When he pulled away, he was wearing a mischievous grin. I stood on my tiptoes to kiss him again, but he held me back. "You have to tell me something about the dress."

"Fine. It's white."

"Traditional." He brought his mouth infuriatingly close. "Anything else?"

"Hmm..." I brushed my lips against his, and his eyes closed, resolve breaking. Grinning, I dropped back down. "Nope. Two can play at your game."



He opened his eyes and reached for me, but I picked up a plate of toast and put it in his hand. "Anyway, I thought you said you were hungry?"

***

Dixon was waiting in our office.

I saw him through the glass, leaning on Alex's desk and facing the door so that he wouldn't miss us coming. He caught my eye.

My stride faltered. "Oh, shit. I might be in trouble."

Alex linked our fingers together and shot me a questioning look.

I shrugged and pushed the door open, trying to plaster on a smile. "Good morning, sir."

Dixon raised both eyebrows. "Good morning."

"I'm sorry about yesterday." I glanced at Alex. "We had a misunderstanding. Wedding stress, sir."

He looked between us slowly. Then his gaze dipped to our hands. "Sorted now?"

"Yes, sir."

"Good." He straightened up. "Talk to me about the progress you're making with the investigation, then."

Fuck. That was another conversation I didn't really want to have with him. I cleared my throat, dumped my bag, and woke up the rear touchglass wall. "You know that we have Ethan Sharpe in custody, sir. He's currently charged with affray, but he doesn't have an alibi for Jade Beaumont's murder either. He claims that he went for a walk."

Fuck. I pulled up everyone's pictures and grouped them together on the screen. At least, I attempted to: they flew to opposite sides. Alex smothered a laugh and came to help, so I focused on finding the condensed notes I'd made instead. Dixon came over to read them.





VICTIMS:

VICTIMS: VICTIMS: Iberia Mills (Friday morning), Jade Beaumont (Saturday night/Sunday morning). Ruby Beaumont -- mistaken identity? (Friday morning.)

Iberia Mills (Friday morning), Jade Beaumont (Saturday night/Sunday morning). Ruby Beaumont -- mistaken identity? (Friday morning.) PEOPLE OF INTEREST:

PEOPLE OF INTEREST: PEOPLE OF INTEREST: Ethan Sharpe. Groom. Violent streak. Street fight. Domestic abuse. Friday alibi: Danielle. Sunday alibi: walking around Socrico, alone.

Ethan Sharpe. Groom. Violent streak. Street fight. Domestic abuse. Friday alibi: Danielle. Sunday alibi: walking around Socrico, alone. Danielle Sharpe. Bridesmaid. Widow of Thomas Core. Domestic abuse victim. Friday alibi: Ethan. Sunday alibi: with son , Benjamin.

Danielle Sharpe. Bridesmaid. Widow of Thomas Core. Domestic abuse victim. Friday alibi: Ethan. Sunday alibi: with son , Benjamin. Levi Ford. Best man. Grudge against Iberia. Affections for Jade. Violent streak. Street fight. Friday alibi: at home, alone. Sunday alibi: at home, alone.

Levi Ford. Best man. Grudge against Iberia. Affections for Jade. Violent streak. Street fight. Friday alibi: at home, alone. Sunday alibi: at home, alone. William Sharpe. Father of groom. Disliked Iberia and Jade. Friday alibi: Brittany. Sunday alibi: walking around Socrico, alone.

William Sharpe. Father of groom. Disliked Iberia and Jade. Friday alibi: Brittany. Sunday alibi: walking around Socrico, alone. Brittany Sharpe. Mother of groom. In love with Iberia. Disliked Jade. Friday alibi: William. Sunday alibi: under surveillance, at home. Surveillance now cancelled.





Brittany Sharpe. Mother of groom. In love with Iberia. Disliked Jade. Friday alibi: William. Sunday alibi: under surveillance, at home. Surveillance now cancelled.





"You found Ruby Beaumont," Dixon said thoughtfully.

"Yes, sir."

"Jade made the call about Iberia. And Lavender Jones made the call about Jade."

"Yes, sir."

"So where was Lavender at the time of the murders?"

I looked at Alex. His expression suggested he thought we might both be in trouble in a minute.

both "We don't know, sir." I pulled my tabphone from my coat pocket, my fingers brushing against the mysterious business card. "We'll ask her now."

"Good." He moved towards the door, still looking stern. "Are you talking to Ethan again today?"

"Yes, sir. But I'd like to speak with his parents first and see if they can tell us anything else that might help us crack him."

"All right. You'll have to coordinate with the domestic abuse unit -- they also want a word with him." Dixon strode out the door.

Alex looked at me.

"Video-call Brittany," I said.

I found Lavender's Xplora profile and tried calling her while Alex searched for Brittany's. I fingered the card in my pocket while I waited for Lavender to pick up. When she didn't, I tried again.

"Hello, Sergeant."

I glanced across the room. Alex had successfully video-called Brittany Sharpe, and now he was suspending his tabphone in the air above his desk. I put mine down and went to stand behind him. "Morning, Brittany."

"Good morning, Inspector." She smiled uncertainly from a silk-draped bed, a lit cigarette held between her knuckles. "What's this about?"

"We arrested your son for affray yesterday."

"What?" She froze. "Ethan?"

"Yes, ma'am. He was at a street fight on Saturday night."

"A street...? Are you sure? He wouldn't go to something like that. Ethan would never hurt anyone!"

"Levi Ford has the scars to prove he would," I said. "And so does Danielle."

"Danielle?" Her cigarette hand stilled.

"I'm sorry, Mrs Sharpe. It's come to light that Ethan has been abusing his sister."

Her mouth fell open in a perfect red circle. "No. How could you think that?"

think "I know this is a shock." I softened my voice. "But we have reasonable suspicion to believe that --"

"What reasonable suspicion?"

"We've seen Danielle's scars."

Her eyes narrowed. "The cigarette burns on her wrists?"

"So you knew?"

"No! Inspector, listen to me. My daughter smokes when she's...upset. That's what she does to herself." Brittany mimed hesitantly. "She holds the cigarette against her skin."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 65


"I've got access," Alex said.

I dragged my chair to his desk and plunked down beside him. He'd found Danielle's medical records on his tabphone.

"Okay, she's got quite the list as a child and adolescent," he murmured. His eyes flicked over the screen as he scrolled, greener than usual under its bright glare. "Chickenpox, croup, pelvic inflammatory disease, clinical depression . " He stopped scrolling. "And attempted suicide in 2183."

. "That's the same year Thomas Core fell off the metal walkways and died."

"It was just before that happened." Alex tried scrolling further unsuccessfully. "That's it. But Ethan admitted the abuse."

admitted I pursed my lips. "I know. This makes no sense. We need to talk to Danielle."

"Aren't we stepping on the toes of the domestic abuse unit?"

"I don't care. This is tied up with my murder inquiry, and I'm getting to the bottom of it."

So we left the station and caught a tram on the high street. Once we were seated side by side, I leaned my head against the cold window and tried to think. There was more to this puzzle than Danielle and Ethan's home life -- perhaps the final missing pieces slotted together?

Why had Ethan met Jade at Coffee Glitch last week? Who had the letter in Jade's shoebox been for? And who had murdered Jade, Ruby, and Iberia?

It had begun with Ruby's knifing in the street. Then we'd been called to Iberia's flat. Then we'd met the rest of the wedding party and been plunged straight into suspicions, revelations, and lies...everyone pointing the finger at everyone but themselves.

It was strange that we'd been given an influx of information so quickly and that almost all of it had been voluntary -- Jade guiding us to William, Danielle guiding us to Levi, Levi guiding us to Brittany, Lavender shedding light on them all -- yet had gained so little true evidence.

Surely, the answer had to lie in their past. The whole wedding party had gone to school together. Then everyone had gone to college: Jade to one institute; Levi to another; and Iberia, Ethan, Danielle, and Ruby to a third. Then they'd changed places again for university: Iberia and Ruby at Socrico, Ethan in New London, Danielle with Levi at Bright Light, and Jade working in Rosek.

Which crossroads mattered? At which point had the motive for these murders taken shape?

Habitually, I thumbed the business card in my pocket, and my scalp prickled again. I withdrew it and showed it to Alex. "I found this in my coat yesterday afternoon. Lavender must have slipped it to me at the crime scene."

He took the card. "I suppose having us on her portfolio would look good."

"Don't you think it's strange? She could have just handed it to me."

He shuffled the card between his fingers. "Maybe she didn't really feel it was the time or the place, so she did it discreetly."

"I guess. I don't like it when people are sneaky, though. It makes me uneasy."

"We know lots of sneaky people -- like Clyde." Alex leaned back and met my eyes, the card stilling in his hand as doubt crossed his face. "Anyway, she was...helpful."

"Or was she? She came trotting along to tell us about the wedding party as soon as Iberia and Ruby were murdered, inserting herself right in the middle of our --"

The tram slid to a stop, and the robot driver announced our destination. We were still a little way from Danielle's flat, but the window boxes were all over the skyscrapers here as well, filled with pale flowers that glowed in the weak winter sun. It was a brighter morning than usual, chasing away some of Socrico's shadows and giving the city cold clarity.



My thoughts circled our mysteries as we walked. Ethan and Danielle, the coffee shop meeting with Jade, the letter in the shoebox; Ethan and Danielle, the coffee shop meeting with Jade, the letter in the shoebox...

" TS ," I said. "What does it stand for?"

TS Alex frowned. "' TS, I want you to have some...' "

TS, I want you to have some...' "Something from me?" I suggested.

He thought on that. Silence settled between us as we approached the entrance to Danielle's block.

TS , I repeated to myself when we entered the building. As the opening of the letter, surely it had to stand for someone's initials.

TS And then it hit me.

I stopped at the end of the lobby, melting to the spot in realisation. Alex opened the lift doors and looked back. "What?"

"Oh, no." I jerked into motion, flying inside the car and taking him with me. "Make it go up, quickly!"

Alex slammed his hand into the control panel. "What is it?"

"Thomas, Danielle, Jade -- everything is about them!"

When the lift stopped moving, I ran down the hallway to Danielle's front door. I hit the bell. "This is the police. Open the door, now!"

In the second before I'd shouted, there had been a snatch of noise -- the bump of something heavy as it had been laid down. Now there was a sudden stillness.

"Open the door, Danielle!"

Nothing.

Alex produced his lock picks. I nodded at him, and he got to work.

When the door clicked open, I drew my gun and shielded it behind my thigh. "We're coming in, Danielle!"

I went first, moving slowly. The hallway was empty. The living room was the first doorway on the left, and I looked in.

Danielle was kneeling on the rug, staring at the doorway. Benjamin was at her side, his hands wrapped around the big cardboard box in front of them. Toys were scattered across the floor. More boxes were piled up in the corner of the room.

I stepped over the threshold slowly. "Going somewhere?"

Then I saw the knife.

My gun flew up. Benjamin screamed.

"Oh, for God's sake!" Danielle got to her feet, the letter opener glinting in her hands. "Put that down!"

"Drop the knife," Alex said, his pistol raised over my shoulder.

"What?" She looked at her hands, and her eyes widened. "I was cutting some tape!"

I could see the tape now, brown like the rug it was lying on, almost camouflaged. "Just drop it."

She did. The letter opener tumbled onto the rug.

"Now step away from Benjamin."

Her face turned white. "You can't think -- I would never hurt my son!"

never I heard the desperation in her voice, and I knew that she was pleading not for me to see something, but to turn a blind eye to something else.

"That's the crux of the matter, Danielle," I said. "Benjamin isn't your son."

Silence fell over the flat. Danielle dropped to her knees.

" 'I want you to have something to remember me by,' " I continued. "That's what Jade really wrote. I'd bet on it."

'I want you to have something to remember me by,'

"What?" Danielle croaked.

"TS is Thomas' son. I think Jade was his biological mother. Is that right?"

She glanced at Benjamin, frozen in place a few feet away from me. His eyes were wide, filled with fear and confusion. He hugged the box tightly and looked at Danielle.

"Oh, God," she murmured. "Do you have to, Inspector -- in front of him?"

" Is that right? "

Is that right? She swallowed hard. "Yes."

"I bet there was a time when Jade planned to fill that whole box with letters for him. But then she thought better of it -- maybe she realised that it would never mean anything to him, because he didn't know the truth."

"Why not call him Benjamin?" Alex asked softly from behind. "Why call him Thomas' son in the letter?"

"She never called him Benjamin," Danielle said. "She didn't like the name, because it was the name I chose."

never "I assume you didn't ask her to be a surrogate mother."

"No." Danielle's hands closed into fists. "Thomas...he slept with Jade. It was a drunken moment of madness on his part, nothing more. We were happy together, I swear. But Jade got pregnant."

"So you took Benjamin off her when he was born. How did you get her to agree to that?"

"Money. Jade didn't really want him. She was nineteen and pregnant -- she was scared. She thought having a child at that age was going to ruin her life. So we had an exchange: I took Benjamin off her and paid her so that she would keep her mouth shut and follow her ambitions to open a cake shop instead."

Alex looked between us with a frown. "I don't understand why."

"Danielle can't have children," I said. "At least, I don't think she can."

She nodded. "When I was eighteen, I had pelvic inflammatory disease. I didn't realise there was anything wrong with me for a long time, and by the time I did, there were complications. I'm infertile." She smiled tightly.

"There is one thing I don't understand," I said. "Legally, you gave birth to Benjamin. How did you get away with it?"

I "I dropped out of university, and the three of us spent the academic year in Rosek, where no one knew us. Jade had a home birth. I registered Benjamin as my own, and we returned."

"Does Ethan know?" Alex asked.

"Yes, he always knew, and he's always been so good to me. When Jade started hinting that she'd like to see Benji, he met up with her for coffee and had a talk about why that wouldn't be a good idea."

"He never abused you," I said. "Did he?"

Her fingers curled around the edges of her jumper sleeves, tugging them further down her wrists. "No. But I thought if you knew the truth, you'd take Benjamin away from me."

"Like Jade tried to take him away?"

She lifted her chin. "Yes. If Ethan hadn't backed up my story, you would have contacted me last night. But he did. He knew I didn't want to hurt him -- that's why he helped me! We did it for Benjamin!" She rose higher on her knees, bringing her palms together. "I know I lied, but please don't let me get into trouble for it. I have to be here for Benji."

"I think you're going to be in trouble for something much worse than lying," I said softly. "Tell me about your alibi for Ruby and Iberia's murders. You weren't here, were you?"

much "No." She sighed heavily. "Ethan and I covered for each other, just to make our lives easier. Being suspected even when you're innocent is horrible."



"So where was Ethan?" Alex asked.

was "I don't know. He'd been out all night, and he hadn't come home."

I imagined he'd been with Ruby. "Where were you?"

"Out."

"Leaving your four-year-old on his own?"

She hesitated. Then she nodded slowly.

She'd played such the devoted mother that it had never crossed my mind until now that she'd leave him. But really, it was easy. And we'd never asked the silent Benjamin.

"How often do you do that, Danielle?" I stepped closer. "Almost daily? Once on a Friday morning, and once in the early hours of a Sunday morning, perhaps?"

Nothing.

"Danielle, they're not really questions. I know the answers."

She looked up and met my eyes, and I watched as the quiet paralegal was wiped out with malice. "Jade was going to take my son away from me. She told Ethan that she didn't just want visits. She regretted giving Benjamin up, and she wanted him back, permanently. She said that she had the right. I knew that if she fought for him legally, she might win."

"So you killed her."

"Yes." Danielle's tone was clear and chilling.

"Does Ethan know?"

"I didn't tell him. He might have wondered, but he never asked. He wouldn't dare." She traced her wrists through her jumper. "He's always blamed himself for not being able to make me happy enough to stop hurting -- for not seeming to be able to say the right things. But it doesn't work like that for people like me..."

"What about Iberia?" Alex asked. "Why did you kill her?"

Danielle stopped fidgeting. "Without Iberia's meddling, Jade would have fallen in love with Levi and stayed away from Thomas. I'm glad she gave me Benjamin...but Thomas was also mine. He never earned my trust back or got over his shame. Without Iberia, maybe he'd still be alive today. I blame it all on her." Danielle's hands curled. "All of it!"

"And Ruby?"

"A mistake. But it turned out to be a good one. First of all I stabbed Jade with grief, and then I stabbed her with a knife."

then Benjamin burst into tears.

I flinched. It was the first sound he'd ever made in my presence.

"Oh, baby," Danielle said. "Come here."

"No, Benjamin." I risked a glance at him. "Your mother is about to be arrested. Come to us, please."

"Don't listen to them!" Danielle put her hands in the rug so that she was on all fours, baying like a hound. "They're going to hurt you!"

Benjamin crawled to her with a frightened wail. His logic was painfully obvious. His options were the strangers with guns or the woman who he thought was his mother.

Danielle brought her hands back out of the rug. "You'll never take him away from me!"

She turned and swung the knife.

A gunshot exploded in my ears. Alex's bullet burst through the sofa, missing Danielle's head by a millimetre.

I fired.

Danielle screamed. Blood welled up in the shoulder of her jumper, and she dropped the knife, keeling over.

Benjamin was holding his chest beside her.

"No!" I fell to my knees in front of him. "No -- oh, God..."

The boy pulled his hand away. His shirt wasn't torn, and there was no blood. He'd been trying to protect himself.

"He has to come to the afterlife," Danielle moaned. "With me..."

I put my shaking hand on Benjamin's shoulder and looked across the room. Alex was still standing in the doorway, his face pale.

"Go to the police officer, Benji," I said softly. "He'll keep you safe."

Benjamin rose on unsteady legs and stumbled to my sergeant.

I rose too, looking down on Danielle. "You're not going to the afterlife anytime soon. You're going to hospital, and then you're going to rot in a cell. Alex, call an ambulance."

He put one hand on the boy's back, guiding him out the room.

"Danielle Sharpe," I said, "I am arresting you for the murders of Iberia Mills, Ruby Beaumont, and Jade Beaumont. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Chapter 66


The Silver Star was busy for a Monday evening. Synthwave music throbbed through the room, and patrons dressed in suits or body armour flocked to the neon bar Gem was tending. Someone jostled my back as I set my knife and fork down, and I turned to glare at them before covering a yawn.

Alex swirled the remains of his lime crusher in its glass, watching me keenly over the rim. "Okay?"

"Yeah. I'm just glad the investigation's over. I wish we'd been able to hand Benjamin over to his paternal grandparents sooner."

"We did our best."

"I should have known something was wrong the first time we saw him at home. What kind of mother keeps her child in the room when she knows the police have come to talk to her about murder? That's not normal, is it?" I frowned. "Or is it?"

"I have no idea."

"And he never spoke. Not once. I asked Cassia, and she said they've definitely learned to talk by the time they're four." I leaned forward. "Do you think he knew, on some level, what he was living with? Do you think he sometimes got a glimpse of the woman we arrested?"

Alex never answered. His gaze was drifting over my shoulder, and he suddenly took my hand across the table. "We should go."

I turned around.

Clyde was walking across the room, wrapped up in his stupid electric blue scarf. He'd managed to get a woman on his arm -- and that woman was Lavender Jones.

I was so shocked that they reached our table before I could move.

"Hello, Inspector," Lavender said.

"Amber, darling." Clyde smiled, looking less like a shark today. His gaze touched briefly on my sergeant. "Alex. I would introduce you to Lavender, but I'm aware that you've met before."

I glanced between them. Lavender had almost a decade on him, and no matter how hard I stared, Clyde definitely looked like an idiot. Amusement and relief waged a war over my lips, and I tried to suppress a smile. "You're...together?"

definitely Alex didn't look so happy. "Suddenly, your forceful appearance in our investigation makes sense -- and your business card. You thought you'd get the inside scoop if we hired you to oversee the final plans for our wedding."

"Yes." Lavender shrugged. "But that clearly didn't work, so I won't apologise for it."

I successfully flattened my smile. "I hope it doesn't get out to your clients, Lavender. That would ruin your reputation."

"Is that a threat?" Clyde asked.

"After everything you've done, it should be. But no. Let's use it to make a pact." I met his gaze. "Will all of this shit between us be over now that you have Lavender?"

For the first time since we'd broken up, his expression turned sincere. "Yes. I suppose it can be."

"Good. Now get out of my sight, or I'll make you both regret it."

"Come on, darling." He hastily took Lavender's hand...but he glanced back at me one more time. "Goodnight, Amber."

They left us, pushing through the crowd towards the glass stairs.

Alex frowned. "You think this is really over? Just like that?"

"Yes," I said. "Lately, Clyde's only ever bothered me to get a good story, and once we've got married, the national interest in us will die down again. He'll write about something else, especially now he has someone new to stalk home -- I mean, walk home." I raised my glass of water. "We're all moving on. Shall we toast to it?"

Alex clinked his glass against mine. "Here's to no more Clyde."

"And here's to us, the investigation, and the best sergeant I could ever have asked for." I leaned across the table and kissed Alex on the lips. "I love you, and I can't wait to get married."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Epilogue


25 November 2186

25 November 2186 25 November 2186 "Have you seen our shoes, have you seen our shoes?" Nina skipped into my bedroom, holding up her white high heels. Bridesmaid was printed on each sole.

Bridesmaid I turned my head towards her and almost burned my face on the hair curlers. "Yes. Gem couldn't resist showing them to me while you were in the bathroom."

"Gem!"

Gem laughed behind me, and the mattress dipped as the hair curlers moved from my line of sight.

Cassia entered behind Nina, her hair still tied back and a glass of water in her hand. "Have you seen your shoes, Ambie?"

your "Well...yes. I bought them."

She and Nina exchanged a look of conspiracy, and Nina went to my wardrobe. "I nicked them when you weren't looking on Saturday to make some alterations."

"Oh, God."

"No, don't say that!" Nina pulled the heels out with a flourish. "Ta-da!"

They also had writing on the soles, scribbled in marker pen. I couldn't make out what any of it said because there was so much.

Nina laid them down on in front of me. "We've all signed them: us three, Erin, Sebastian, Dixon, your parents, your in-laws..." She tapped one of the messages. "And Alex!"

I picked the shoe up. My sergeant hadn't been given much room to write, but he'd still managed to squeeze in the three little words.

I love you. A xxx

I love you. A xxx My heart skittered, and a shiver fluttered down my spine. I was getting married to him -- today.

I scanned the other messages wishing me well, and tears sprung to my eyes. Gem leaned over my shoulder with a cheeky smile, her new blonde curls brushing my face. "You can't cry. It took me ages to do your make-up."

I cleared my throat and tried to force the tears back. "Thank you so much for this. I can't believe it."

Nina grinned. "You're welcome, but I'm not finished yet. We need to go through the wedding rhyme."

I looked at her blankly.

"Something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue!" She picked up her handbag. "The wedding dress is something new, obviously. For something blue, I bought you a blue garter." She threw it at me. "And we can do old and borrowed in one, because I brought one of my old bracelets. It should be in here somewhere..."

"Whose wedding even is this?"

"She hasn't thought of everything," Cassia said. "You need a silver sixpence in your shoe."

Nina stilled. "Shit. I forgot that part existed."

"I didn't." My sister pulled a sixpence out of her jeans pocket as if by magic.

"No fucking way am I putting that lump in my shoe," I said.

" I'll put it there, then. You won't feel it."

I'll "I will."

"You won't! And you're going to wear it."

"Never mind that." Gem climbed off the bed with the hair curlers. "When are you going to tell her about the cake?"

"Oh, fuck!" Panic crashed over me. "The cake -- I never sorted the cake!"

Cassia smiled. "We know. So we baked one."

"Well," Nina said, "Cassia cracked the whip, and Gem and I scurried around the kitchen like good assistants."

"You baked me a cake?" I stared at Cassia.



"Yes. It's ready and waiting in my kitchen. I'll fetch it before the reception."

"Thank you!" I stood up and flung my arms around her. "Thank you so much. I love you. What would I do without you lot?"

so "Be late." Nina pried us apart. "We only have fifteen minutes left, and you need to get into your dress."

***

The church was an ordinary skyscraper from the outside, but the interior was traditional: dark wood pews, marble arches, stained glass windows. I could see a glimmer of it through the doors of the hall we were standing in. The guests were rising as the music began to play.

My father squeezed my hand. "Are you ready?"

I looked down at him, dressed in a grey suit with his wheelchair polished to a shine, and smiled. "Yes."

Cassia and Gem went first, vanishing out of the hall in their dark red dresses and clutching bouquets of roses. Then Nina went.

My father and I followed.

The church was packed with guests: our families, our friends, our co-workers. Alex was standing at the altar with Sebastian. He turned around just as I entered, and the love in his eyes took my breath away. It seemed to me that everything in the world stopped moving. There was only one person: my sergeant; my best friend; my soul mate. Nerves faded, overridden by my excitement to join with him forever.

And then I was at the altar.

"You," he said, "are beautiful."

I took his hand, warmth rushing from my head to my toes. "Thank you. So are you."

***

Much later, at the reception, Nina twirled to a halt at my side. "Aren't you glad I chose the dresses?"

The rest of my wedding party were already gathered around me, with the addition of Erin and the exception of Cassia, who was talking to someone beside the table that held the wedding cake. It was simple: three tiers of Victoria sponge placed on top of each other and decorated in white icing, but nothing fancier could have been more special to me.

I turned back to Nina -- as much as I could with my husband's arms around my shoulders. "You three have taken over my wedding."

my husband's "If we hadn't, you'd have no cake, you wouldn't have followed the good luck rhyme, and we would have all looked hideous." Nina changed her voice, doing a fantastic impression of me. " 'I don't know what bloody colour scheme I want. Why don't you just choose whatever you like the look of?' Gem would have turned up impersonating a rainbow, Cassia would have chosen a neon body-con, and I'd have been the only one in this lovely red gown."

'I don't know what bloody colour scheme I want. Why don't you just choose whatever you like the look of?' "A rainbow dress would have looked nice," Gem protested. "Anyway, Nina, shouldn't you be busy?"

Nina's bushy-eyed enthusiasm faded, and she suddenly looked serious. "Busy? Why? What have I missed?"

"Your own traditions. The maid of honour is supposed to get it on with the best man, right?"

Sebastian didn't appear to be listening, because he was too busy looking across the room at Cassia. But Nina glanced at Erin nervously. "Um...no?"

Gem grinned. "I'm sure --"

"No, don't say it again, she'll kill me." Nina linked her arm through her girlfriend's. "I love you, Erin. Please don't kill me."

Erin raised an eyebrow.

"Yes, please don't," I chimed in. "I can't cope with another murder inquiry yet."

Alex chuckled.

Nina elbowed me. "It's good to know you've got your priorities in order."

"Okay," Gem said over us, "maybe the tradition was for the best man to get it on with a bridesmaid. Any bridesmaid."

Any Sebastian finally looked back at us, an easy smile crossing his face. "Are you offering yourself to me, Gem?"

"I wouldn't take you," she replied seriously. "But you should go and talk to Cassia."

He did, without a word of protest.

Nina squealed as he strode away. "Yes! Now we just need to find someone for you to spend the evening with, Gem!"

"Do they always play matchmaker?" Alex asked in my ear.

I turned. "Yes. I'm quite sure Nina was trying to play matchmaker with us before she even knew about our attraction."

He smiled. "Our very illegal attraction."

"But it's legal now. Really legal." I rose on my tiptoes. "We're married."

Really "So we are, my wife." He kissed me softly; drew back. "And I'm very glad of it. I love you."

He kissed me again, and we lost ourselves together like we'd lost ourselves on New Year's Eve. Like we'd lost ourselves at his flat on our first night. Like we'd lost ourselves when we'd made the decision to do the Trials and then when we'd succeeded, and like we'd carried on losing ourselves every moment since.

The strength of our love turned me weak. When he drew away, I was clinging to him. He held my waist just as tightly, his eyes dark with attraction -- and more.

I'd rocked his world when he'd come to Socrico. And he'd rocked mine, for good.

I smiled up at him. "I love you too, Alex."

THE END

THE END ☆★☆

Find out about Morgan's other stories in the next chapter.

Find out about Morgan's other stories in the next chapter.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





Afterword (What Next?)


Thank you so much for reading Inspector Rames.



No one was more surprised than me when I won a Watty Award 2020 for this book and shortly thereafter became a Wattpad Star! Thank you from the bottom of my heart whether you came to Inspector Rames before that or afterwards, because it's people like you who make a difference to the lives of myself and the other authors you support. This is a massive milestone in my writing career, and you opened that door for me.





If you want to read another story set in the Inspector Rames universe, you can find a Cassia/Sebastian novella on my profile called Mistletoe in the Mortuary .

Mistletoe in the Mortuary These days, I write contemporary romance. My stories hopefully still have lots of things from me that you like: romance, humour, a setting full of character, and lots of British words. If you'd like to read them, have a look at my profile.

How else can you keep up with me? I'm on Instagram under the username morgan_molly_hunter, so if you want to see photos of coffee, books I'm reading, and settings and experiences that have inspired me, head on over!

That's it for Amber and Alex's adventures...at least, that's the end of their written ones. I'm sure they'll go on solving crimes for many years beyond these pages.





Love,

Morgan xxx

☆★☆





Also by Morgan Hunter

Also by Morgan Hunter Also by Morgan Hunter ROMANTIC MYSTERY

ROMANTIC MYSTERY Mistletoe in the Mortuary

Mistletoe in the Mortuary Mortuary pathologist Cassia Rames is a recent divorcee, and although she's not afraid on her own, she is lonely. Homicide detective Sebastian Flynn is determined to fix that with his friendship -- but it's hard not to let their late-night hobbies turn into a fling. He believes he's no good for a woman like Cassia, no matter how tempting she is.

Cassia was a woman who wanted happy endings. Now she wants a man who doesn't do commitment, so being with Sebastian could be the perfect arrangement...if only he'd let her in.

*

CONTEMPORARY ROMANCE

CONTEMPORARY ROMANCE Home Is Where the Heart Is

Home Is Where the Heart Is Struggling vineyard owner Leo recruits ice cream maker Chloe to save his business, but he's not expecting her to bring a bucket list, or a summer of adventure and romance.

Neither of them are looking for a happy ending -- which could be a problem. Because the last item on the list is to fall in love...





