Introduction


Title: Jackson Humes is Not a Superhero

Copyright by: nighthawkzooms

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/205357610-jackson-humes-is-not-a-superhero

Synopsis: Being one of only two out gay students in a sometimes not-so-open-minded high school has presented Jackson Humes with certain challenges. Even though all teenagers' lives are challenging in their own ways, Jackson's takes a complicated turn the day he catches Alex Cole in the guy's locker room posing in front of a mirror wearing nothing but a pair of dingy tighty whities. While the rest of the school worries that the recent mountain lion sightings in the woods might have something to do with the star quarterback's disappearance, Jackson worries that Alex is going to rearrange his face in a manner that will make any attempts at future dating impossible. When an unhinged Alex corners Jackson in the woods, Jackson responds by miraculously breaking the laws of gravity. He soon realizes that his emerging superpower is connected to a dark secret, forcefully suppressed after the long ago deaths of all those involved, including Jackson's own parents. But secrets don't stay buried forever, as Jackson is about to discover.





Jackson Humes is Not a Superhero


Introduction

Chapters CHAPTER ONE

CHAPTER TWO

CHAPTER THREE

CHAPTER FOUR

CHAPTER FIVE

CHAPTER SIX

CHAPTER SEVEN

CHAPTER EIGHT

CHAPTER NINE

CHAPTER TEN

CHAPTER ELEVEN

CHAPTER TWELVE

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

CHAPTER NINETEEN

CHAPTER TWENTY

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE (DIEGO'S STORY)

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

CHAPTER THIRTY





CHAPTER ONE


Although the classroom was slightly chilly, I was sitting in a pool of my own sweat. I was fairly certain I had shed a good ten pounds of water weight since the start of class and was probably one good sneeze away from becoming seriously dehydrated.

My transformation into the human equivalent of a leaky sprinkler was all due to a ginormous wrestler named Alex Cole. Throughout sixth period Spanish class, Alex had been cracking his meaty knuckles and sending me not so subtle signals that I was a dead man walking. I had never given religion much thought, but it seemed like a good time to start praying.

I had attracted Alex's wrath quite by accident. Being one of only two out gay guys in a sometimes not-so-open-minded school meant having to fly under the radar in terms of locker room usage. Normally I changed in one of the bathroom stalls, but since gym class fell right after lunch this year I figured I would arrive early and avoid the trauma of trying not to step on the urine splattered floor.

I was walking over to the same locker I had used freshman year when I accidentally caught sight of Alex flexing in front of a mirror, wearing nothing but a pair of dingy tighty whities. It didn't help matters that I'd been texting, which probably made it appear as if I'd been snapping pictures of him like some sort of perv. I tried explaining the situation, but Alex was more of a violent Neanderthal type than the listening type. Since then, my prospects of making it to the end of sophomore year had dwindled considerably.

Alex's threats towards me had gone completely unnoticed by my classmates because they were all too busy passing notes to Candice who'd forgotten to drop her cell phone into the basket at the beginning of class. As the only conduit to the outside world, the usually unnoticed president of the knitting club was basking in her massive rise in popularity. She was the center of attention at the moment because everyone was dying to find out if there had been any news regarding Marv Morgan, the school's senior star quarterback who had mysteriously vanished in the woods three days ago.

A missing student in our boring town was a big deal. The fact that a mountain lion had been spotted in the same area he was last seen, and all that had been found of Marv so far were his tattered clothes scattered about the campgrounds, had led to the type of feverish gossip that only gained momentum with each passing hour. About a dozen conspiracy theories, most involving a ridiculous kidnapping plot by our school's rival football team, had already gained traction online.

When I arrived to school this morning, the football team and cheerleaders had already converted Marv's locker into a shrine where students were urged to congregate to share stories, hold prayer circles, and openly weep. Sure, Marv was the hottest and most popular guy at school and blah blah blah, but from the way everyone was carrying on you would have thought the planet was about to get wiped out by a giant meteor.

Not helping calm the frayed nerves of the entire student body were the notices plastered all over the school warning us to stay out of the woods or risk certain death. It was definitely a helluva start to the new school year.

By the time the final three minutes of class began ticking down, I was a frantic, disheveled mess. I had completely tuned out Mr. Rodriguez to formulate my escape plan, deciding to sacrifice my phone by leaving it in the basket, which would save me a few precious seconds. I was just hoping the big wrestler's bulk would slow him down long enough for me to escape.

As soon as the bell rang I bolted out of the classroom and booked it to the parking lot in record time. I double and triple checked the spot where my brother had parked his pickup truck that morning, but his car was gone. I was weighing my options on what to do next when I saw Alex sprinting straight for me. I desperately scanned the area for a teacher, security guard, or even a lunch lady, but there was no one around. Cornered and out of options, I ran straight for the exit and into the woods.



By the time I hit the dusty, uneven trail, my lungs were burning and my legs had turned to Jell-O. I knew as long as I remained on the path I was an open target, so I dashed up the steep hill as fast as I could. Unlike the movies where ninjas run through the forest in silence, I was making more noise than a fourth of July fireworks show. I might as well have had a rainbow-colored arrow flashing above my head.

I'd been running for a solid five minutes and was beginning to lose steam when Alex materialized out of nowhere and slammed me against a tree. My left shoulder exploded with pain as I fell to the ground in a daze. I tried to scurry away, but he grabbed a fistful of my shirt, hoisted me to my feet like a rag doll, and slammed me into the tree again. I heard the stitching on my new shirt tear and felt inappropriate concern over its condition.

Up close, Alex was even uglier than I had imagined. The sophomore's eyes, nose, and mouth appeared as if they had never quite fully caught up to his expanding potato-shaped head—perhaps that's the reason he always looked so damn angry all of the time. I tried explaining it was all one colossal misunderstanding, but my lungs were too busy expanding with air to let any words come out.

He aimed a giant fist directly at my head and said, "This is what you get for being a pervert, faggot."

What happened next is a little hard to explain. At some point I must have shut my eyes because all I registered was a loud roar, someone screaming bloody murder, a strong gust of wind, and something solid knock me on the top of the head. When I opened my eyes, I found myself hovering ten feet above the ground.

I somehow had the presence of mind to grab a branch within reach and pulled myself up. I was still trying to process how the hell I'd gotten up into the tree so fast when I noticed Alex holding a bloodied fist to his chest looking positively terrified.

"SC-SC-SCRAM!" he shouted, backing up slowly.

That's when I noticed an impossibly large mountain lion inching his way towards him. I frantically scanned my surroundings for an escape route, but there was nowhere to go but down. I tried to remember everything I had ever learned about mountain lions from the nature shows I'd watched throughout the years, but blinding fear had made my mind go blank. The only fact I could vividly recall was that all cats had the ability to climb trees.

Before I could figure out what to do next, the mountain lion leapt through the air in a flash of tawny fur and pinned the wrestler to the ground with a set of powerful paws the size of dinner plates.

Alex's feet flailed wildly, kicking up clouds of dust and dirt into the air, as he tried to shove the big cat off of him. I wanted to look away as he screamed for help, but I was glued to the grisly scene below me. The giant cat was mere inches away from tearing off his face when Alex caught it by surprise by punching it on the nose.

The two tumbled over one another, and in all of the confusion Alex was able to untangle himself from the large beast and regain his footing. He grabbed a fistful of dirt from the ground, hurled it at the mountain lion, and took off in the direction of our school. It all happened so fast I was left a little stunned by what I had just witnessed, especially when the mountain lion decided not to chase after his prey and instead looked directly at me with bright blue eyes.

It's not an exaggeration to say that the entire forest fell silent. My life didn't flash before my eyes, but my body did start moving with a mind of its own. I held onto the branch tightly with one arm while I used my free arm to slip off my backpack. I sat up carefully and was somehow able to balance on the shaky branch while I took aim. I threw my backpack directly at the wild animal, hoping to scare it away, but it missed its mark by a good three feet. Sports were really not my forte.

There was an uneaten apple inside, which he must have sniffed out because he tore into my bag with two slashes of his powerful claws and devoured it whole. As I watched him lick his muzzle clean, I imagined the same scenario would play out if he managed to get a hold of one of my limbs. I started shaking uncontrollably and did the only thing I could think of to do.

"HEEEEEEELP!" I shouted at the top of my lungs. "SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME!"

Instead of running away from all of the shouting, the mountain lion plopped down on his back haunches, shook his head at me, and said in a clear yet gravelly voice. "Stop screaming, I'm not going to hurt you."

I was so dumbfounded I was rendered mute for a moment. Had I just imagined the mountain lion had talked or was I in the middle of a psychotic break? Seconds ticked by while my mind raced with all sorts of possibilities, each one more implausible than the next. I waited for it to say something else, but after a minute or two it lost interest in me and started walking back into the woods.

Had I just imagined the mountain lion had talked or was I in the middle of a psychotic break? "Wait," I called out. He whipped his head around and looked up at me quizzically. It was an odd expression on a mountain lion, even a talking one. My throat was bone dry, but I somehow managed to get the words out. "Can you really talk?"

There was no doubt about it; the mountain lion was clearly taken aback. "You can understand me?"

I hadn't really expected a response and found myself nodding to his question, too shocked to speak. He ran up to the tree and stood on his hind legs, resting his front paws against the trunk. I pulled my dangling feet away from him and carefully stood up. The branch I was standing on let out a distinct crack that didn't bode well for my future, so I inched back slowly toward the massive trunk and attempted to wrap both arms and one leg around it to keep the sagging branch from breaking.

"You can really understand what I'm saying?" This was apparently a huge game changer as far as the mountain lion was concerned. I nodded again, afraid to say anything that might agitate him any further and compel him to climb up the tree. His long tail swished back and forth, reminding me of an agitated house cat. "Come down here," he said in a rush, "I need your help."

I shook my head and gripped the trunk a little harder. This was not how I had imagined my day ending. Amy and I had planned on auditioning for the school musical. I couldn't sing or dance very well, and Amy was wheelchair bound, but we'd both seen our school's production of Cats the previous year and had realized the talent pool was extremely shallow.

Cats "Oh come on," the mountain lion whined, "it's not like I'm going to eat you or anything." Those were definitely not the encouraging words I would have chosen to say to someone stuck in a tree, terrified for his life. "Listen," he explained. "I know this is going to sound crazy, but I'm not a mountain lion."

Since it was starting to become obvious that the talking animal wasn't going to leave me alone any time soon, I decided to humor him. "Okay, what are you?"

"It's me," he said, as if I should have figured it out, "Marv Morgan."

___________________________________________________________

Welcome to the first thing I've ever written! I want to thank and hear from everyone who just read the first chapter of my story. I am open to comments both negative and positive and hope you enjoy reading about Jackson as much as I have enjoyed writing about him.

Welcome to the first thing I've ever written! I want to thank and hear from everyone who just read the first chapter of my story. I am open to comments both negative and positive and hope you enjoy reading about Jackson as much as I have enjoyed writing about him. If you did like the story please give me a vote and say hi!

If you did like the story please give me a vote and say hi!





CHAPTER TWO


I don't know how others might have reacted under the same circumstance, but I doubled over with laughter until tears were streaming down my face. It wasn't the first time I'd had an inappropriate response to a serious situation, and I knew it wouldn't be the last.

The big cat's fuzzy eyebrows rose up with concern. "Dude, are you having some sort of mental episode or something?"

"I don't know if you've looked in a mirror lately," I said, trying to catch my breath, "but you're not even human."

"I'm aware of that," he snapped. The mountain lion began to pace in a circle, his brows furrowed in concentration. "I think I see what's happening here. You need me to prove it. Okay, I can play that game. Just ask me anything about Marv, anything at all."

His request sounded reasonable enough, so I wracked my brain trying to come up with an interesting tidbit I'd heard about the quarterback, but the truth was I didn't know that much about him. Like most of the girls in my school, I had developed a healthy appreciation for his toned physique and supermodel good looks—but that was hardly the type of information I was going to share with him.

"I can't think of anything," I said, trying not to blush.

"What do you mean you can't think of anything?" he asked flabbergasted.

I shrugged. "I don't really know that much about him."

The statement must have really offended him because he sat back on his hind legs and gesticulated at me furiously with his front paws. "How the hell can you not know anything about me? I'm literally the most popular guy in our school."

"Well, you definitely sound like Marv Morgan," I admitted. "But you could just be acting."

"Acting?" The mountain lion was growing incredibly irritated. "Acting? Do I look like an actor to you?"

"You're a talking mountain lion," I said. "I don't know what to think."

Something like recognition passed across his face. "Wait, I know you. You're, Tanner Humes's brother. You hang out with the girl in the wheelchair."

It was my turn to be flabbergasted. This wasn't information a regular talking mountain lion would have known. Besides trying to wrap my head around accepting that this giant animal was really Marv, I was also trying to grasp the fact that Amy and I had been on his radar. Amy was positively going to freak out when I told her.

The big cat was on the verge of saying something else when he suddenly turned his head in the direction of the school. I followed his line of sight, but all I could see were trees, trees, and more trees.

"I think we're going to have company soon," he said urgently. "You have to get down from there and help me."

"What do you mean?" I asked, somewhat hysterical, "Is Alex coming back?" I wasn't sure which option sounded worse at that point: coming face to face with a mountain lion the size of a small rhinoceros, or facing off with a wrestler who wanted nothing more than to pummel me out of existence.

"No," he said, pacing around in a circle once more. "But I do hear about half-a-dozen police sirens heading this way. If I get caught, I don't think things are going to end well for me. I was barely able to escape my last encounter with a cop when I tried to tell him who I was."

"What happened?" I asked.

"Let's just say you're the only one who has been able to understand anything I'm saying so far. That's why I need your help. I know I probably look big and scary, but I'm not going to hurt you. Scouts honor." He raised a paw into the air and held up three kitty fingers.

I didn't know much about the scouts, but I did recognize desperation when I heard it. My aunt had raised us to always help those in need, but I doubted that particular golden rule extended to talking wildlife claiming to be human. On the other hand, if what the mountain lion was saying was true, I knew I had to get to the bottom of whatever was happening in our town.

Before I could change my mind, I decided to try and find a way to climb down. After attempting to shimmy down the tree trunk and realizing I would need climbing gear in order to keep myself from breaking every bone in my body, I realized I had an even bigger problem on my hands.

"I can't get down."

"Just jump," he said. "Tuck and roll as soon as you hit the ground, so you don't break your legs."

"Easy for you to say." I lowered myself off of the branch until I was only hanging on with my hands. The panic I felt only escalated when I heard the distinct sounds of sirens in the distance. "Okay, okay. Here I go. I can do this." I swung my legs back and forth as I counted down. "Three, two, one." I didn't let go. My body wouldn't let me. The ground was just too far away.

"Just man up," he shouted, from what sounded like the bottom of the Grand Canyon.

"That is so not helpful," I shouted back.

My grasp was starting to slip, so I swung my legs forward to hook them back around the branch, which was exactly the right amount of pressure the branch needed to cleanly snap off of the trunk. I don't know if I screamed or shouted more profanities in under a second than I had in my entire lifetime, but the moment of impact never came. Instead, my body came to a halt about three feet before hitting the ground, leaving me at eye level with the mountain lion.

The mountain lion's jaw dropped open. "Dude, how the hell are you doing that?"

I was at a loss for words once again. I wasn't sure what the hell was going on with gravity today, but I owed it a thank you note and a bouquet of flowers. "I-I don't know," I admitted. Without warning, I dropped to the ground and did a rather painful face plant. I mentally revoked the bouquet of flowers and slowly stood up, patting my body to make sure nothing was broken.

"I hear about half a dozen men coming this way," he said in a panic. "Where do you live?"

"About ten minutes that way." I pointed to a clump of trees in the distance that were identical to all of the other clumps of trees surrounding us.

The large cat took off running before I could give him further directions. He moved so fast that it took me a full minute to catch up to him. "Wait." I said, struggling to keep my books from falling out of my destroyed backpack. "I don't think it's a good idea for you to come to my house."

"Dude, I have nowhere else to go. I also haven't eaten a proper meal in days." As if to accentuate his point, Marv's stomach emitted a powerful rumble.

"But you haven't met my aunt," I argued feebly. "She won't even let us have a pet fish. I seriously doubt she'll be thrilled when she finds out I brought a wild beast home with me."

Marv the mountain lion shrugged. My aunt was probably the least of his worries at the moment. "I guess I'll just have to start eating your friends. Your friend in the wheelchair should be easy prey. I bet she'd make a nice meal."

I stopped in my tracks, horrified by what I had just heard. "You do realize I could call animal control and have your kitty cat ass hauled away." Sometimes I chose the wrong moment to release what little gay bitchiness dwelled inside of me. This was definitely one of those times.

All I saw was a fast moving blur jumping thru the air before Marv had me pinned to the ground. It happened so fast it took my brain several seconds to register what had just unfolded. His sharp claws dug into my shoulders as he crushed me with his massive weight. He let out a guttural growl, exposing two rows of sharp teeth as his face inched closer to mine. It's embarrassing to say, but I peed just a little.

I held my breathe, terrified about what was going to happen next.





CHAPTER THREE


The big cat continued to growl for a few more seconds before he jumped off of me and landed gracefully on his haunches. "Look I don't want to waste my time. Are you going to help me or not?"

My options were very dim. I could try to ditch psycho kitty in the woods, but he'd proven that he could outrun me. "I'll help you," I said, knowing I didn't really have a choice. "But please don't pounce on me like that again."

The mountain lion rolled his eyes. "Fine."

On any other day we would have come across joggers, hikers, and their dogs, but today the trail was eerily deserted. By the time we reached the two posts that marked the exit, my nerves were shot, my legs were giving out, and I was a sticky, sweaty mess. I was in need of a long, hot shower and possibly a therapy session to find out if I had completely lost my mind, but neither of those items were at the top of my pressing concerns list.

My aunt's house was a modest two-story Victorian at the end of a cul-de-sac that sat at our town's limits. The land had been in our family for a couple of generations and had initially started as a peach orchard, but most of it had dried up a long time ago. The only other house on our street was at the far end of the orchard and belonged to Mr. Saltzman—a cantankerous old man who lived alone with his dog.

"Is the coast clear?" Marv asked, sniffing the air.

A white van was just pulling out of Mr. Saltzman's driveway. It was the same van that I'd seen at his house at least once a week for as long as I could remember. I had asked my aunt about it years ago, but she had advised me to mind my own business. I waited until the van turned at the end of the street and disappeared from view before hurrying across the field.

Marv raced across the living room and headed straight into the kitchen as soon as I opened the front door. "Stop!" I said, running after him and shooing him away from the fridge. "You're going to get claw marks all over it." I pulled out a bowl of leftover spaghetti and meatballs, which he ended up wrestling away from me. He devoured the cold meal in a matter of seconds, leaving a ring of marinara sauce around his white muzzle.

Marv ended up polishing off four pieces of fried chicken, a half loaf of French bread, a variety of deli meats, a can of baked beans, and a carton of fruit punch. Stuffing his face must have left him in a food coma because he wobbled over to a sunlit-bathed spot on the kitchen floor and collapsed on the ground.

"What was everyone saying about me today?" he asked. "I bet the whole school is devastated."

"Everyone thinks you were eaten by a mountain lion." I could have elaborated and told him about the shrine that had been built in his honor or that the principal had held a moment of silence during the morning announcements, but I wasn't about to fuel his overinflated ego.

"Were any of the girls crying?" he asked eagerly. "I bet they all cried."

"There were a few tears," I admitted begrudgingly. He really was full of himself.

"The football team must be freaking out," he said, speaking with a confidence I could only hope to have one day. "They know they can't win any games without me. Hey, they didn't replace me did they?"

"I don't really follow the sports news," I said, starting the great task of cleaning the mountain of dishes it had taken to feed him. "So," I said, switching the subject, "how did you end up like this? Did you get bitten by a radioactive house cat?"

The mountain lion snorted at my joke. "I have no clue. We threw a big party at the campgrounds Friday night. I remember waking up to take a piss in the middle of the night and feeling strange, but I was still pretty drunk so it didn't register that I was no longer human. It wasn't until I was walking back to the tent and my buddy spotted me that I knew something was wrong. I tried to talk to him, but he took off screaming. I hid out in the woods until my head cleared and tried to go home, but my idiot stepdad tried to shoot me, so I've been hiding in the woods trying to figure out how to turn back into myself."



"That's insane," I said.

"Tell me about it. I don't even know if I'll be able to change back. I've tried everything I can think of." For all his bravado, I could tell he was worried. He just wasn't the type to say it out loud. "What about you?"

"What do you mean?" I asked, a little confused.

"Your little flying act."

I dried the last dish and put it away before sitting on the floor a few feet away from him. "I have no idea. It just sort of happened."

He nodded in commiseration with the weird turn our lives had taken. "So why was Alex chasing you? He looked like he wanted to kill you."

After I told him the story, the mountain lion rolled around the ground roaring with laughter for a solid two minutes. It was a dry, brittle laugh that could have easily been mistaken for a choking hairball-in-the-throat sort of sound. "You definitely should have taken a picture of that."

"So what should we do now?" I asked, feeling a little defensive. One day I might find the story amusing, but today wasn't that day. "Do you think we should go to the police for help?"

"Only if you want to end up as a science experiment for the rest of your life." He let out a big yawn, and I realized my entire head could easily fit inside of his mouth.

"What do you mean we ?"

we He shut his eyes and rested his chin on his paw. "If you rat me out, I'll find a way to implicate you as well." It wasn't a threat, just a statement of fact.

I was seriously regretting my decision to get tangled up in all of his drama. I was about to ask if he wanted me to call his parents, but he'd fallen asleep. I wasn't sure if it was exhaustion or the whole being a cat thing, but I'd never seen anyone fall asleep so quickly.

"Umm, Marv?"

The big cat continued to snore unperturbed. I was about to shake him awake but realized it might be an epically bad idea, so I sat and watched him for a few minutes. From head to tail he was way over six feet in length. Even though he'd been in the woods for three days, his coat was shiny and looked very soft. I had the sudden urge to reach out and touch it, but I valued my hand way too much.

I checked the time and decided it was safe to let him rest for a little while, so I quietly left the room and headed upstairs to my bedroom. I wanted to take a shower more than anything else, but I didn't want to leave Marv unsupervised in case someone suddenly came home. Instead I opened up my laptop and saw I had thirty-four text messages from Amy. I was guessing she was mad at me for missing the audition and was about to read her messages when Facetime popped up. I clicked connect and Amy's pale face filled my screen. Her wavy red hair was mussed and looked as if she'd just stepped out of a tornado.

"Jackson!" She was relieved to see me for some reason. "Where have you been? I have been calling and texting you for the last hour."

"I left my phone in Spanish class," I explained, glancing over my shoulder to make sure Marv hadn't sauntered into the room.

"The cops are searching for you."

"What?!" My head snapped back around. "Why?"

"Alex Cole said he saw you walking into the woods and went in after you to protect you. He told the police that before he could find you he was attacked by a huge mountain lion. His fist is all bloodied up from fighting it off. Everyone is calling him a hero." Amy hesitated for a moment before she continued, "Your aunt is here with my dad and about a dozen cops. There's also a news crew, and I heard they are bringing in helicopters. Everyone is freaking out."



Cold panic sliced my insides.

Before I could say anything, Amy's face disappeared. "I found him, he's home," she shouted at someone off screen.

The image went blurry. All I could see was turbulent sky and ground before a very tired policeman with big jowls and slicked back thinning hair popped up on screen. "Do you know the trouble you have caused us?"

I gulped.

"Don't go anywhere. We will be at your house shortly."

Amy's face reappeared on the screen. "We were so worried about you. The whole school is texting and talking about it. I'm just glad you're okay."

"Listen," I said, "I gotta go." Before she could deliver any more bad news, I snapped my laptop shut, tore out of my room, and practically tripped down the stairs. Marv was still sleeping on the patch of sunlight where I'd left him. "You have to get out of here." I said, bursting into the kitchen.

Marv covered his ears with his large paws. "Dude, I'm trying to get some sleep."

"The cops are coming!"

That got his attention. He shot up off the floor and looked around. "Why? What happened? Do they know about me?"

"No, but Alex told them he saw me going into the woods and that he fought you off. There are cops, and helicopters, and, oh God, my aunt is going to kill me," I rambled.

"That's ridiculous," he growled. "Alex Cole couldn't punch out a girl scout if his life depended on it."

"That's what you're getting out of this conversation?" I was seconds away from a having complete and total meltdown.

"Right," he said with a nod. "Where should I hide?"

"There's an old abandoned cabin about a mile away. You can hide there until this blows over."

Marv began to protest, but there was no time for a debate. I ran out the front door and onto the porch. Mr. Saltzman and his giant Great Dane were in the field right across the street from our house. He had his back to us, but the Great Dane immediately spotted us and began barking like crazy when he saw Marv.

I slammed the door shut and peeked out the curtains. The Great Dane was running toward our house. Mr. Saltzman was shouting for him to come back with little result. There was no way to sneak Marv out the backdoor without being seen by Mr. Saltzman. He may have been old, but he was eagle-eyed.

"Okay," I said, coming up with a plan on the spot, "I'll hide you in my closet. They'll never check there, right?"

Marv tilted his head to one side. "Why would they check in your closet?"

"Exactly!" I ran up the stairs feeling like a wild animal myself. My closet was pretty organized, which couldn't exactly be said about the rest of my room. I shoved the hangers aside and cleared a space on the floor.

Upon entering my room he immediately took notice of the huge collage of Shawn Mendes hanging on the wall. My cheeks started burning from embarrassment.

"Seriously dude?" The mountain lion lifted one eyebrow. "That has to be the gayest thing I've ever seen."

"Just shut up and get in." I pointed to the closet, trying to preserve what little dignity I had left.

He peaked inside and looked back up at me, not unlike a petulant pet that doesn't want to go outside in the rain. "Don't you have a basement or attic I could hide in instead?"

"No." I dropped to my knees and began shoving him in.

"Hey," he protested, turning his head to look back at me, "that's my ass you're touching."

I ignored him and stood back up. Marv settled himself into the corner of my closet but he was still in plain view, so I pulled the comforter off of my bed, threw it over him, and tried to mold him into a smaller, more discreet lump.

"You're seriously starting to piss me off," he said, his voice muffled.

"Stay down and shut up." A brilliant idea popped into my head. I ran to the storage closet in the hallway and pulled out a rolled up tent, some sleeping bags, and a fold-up chair. I tossed everything on top of him, hoping it would camouflage him a little better.

"Dude, what the hell?" said the muffled lump.

"Do you want to get caught?" I hissed. The lump didn't answer, but he did sigh loudly. "You can drop the attitude," I snapped. "I'm only trying to help."

As a final touch I dumped my dirty laundry over the growing mountain of items and arranged the mound to make it look more natural. The only noticeable difference in my room was that my comforter was gone, so I raced back to the storage closet and grabbed an old blanket. I had just thrown it over my bed when I heard someone walking up the stairs.

"Jackson, where are you?" It was my brother.

I slid the closet door shut and jumped on my bed right as he walked in.





CHAPTER FOUR


Tanner was still dressed in his blue and gold football costume and appeared particularly cranky. "So, Aunt Margie, along with half of the school, blew up my phone while I was at football practice. Why the hell would you go into the woods?"





As brothers we shared certain similarities that were hard to escape; we both had the same dark wavy hair, hazel eyes, and sloping noses that ended in sharp points, but one thing we didn't share was a love for the gym or the sun. While he had spent the entire summer bulking up and cultivating a perfect golden tan, I had spent it indoors reading and avoiding natural light at all costs—several of our relatives had died of skin cancer and I took the possible threat of melanoma very seriously.

"I forgot," I said lamely. Telling him the truth would surely end up with him confronting Alex, and my drama meter was maxed out at the moment.

Tanner's size was menacing enough when he was in a good mood, but he was downright scary when he was mad. "How could you be so stupid?" His cheeks turned a fiery red. "You could have gotten hurt."

"It won't happen again, I promise." I had spent my whole life trying not to disappoint my brother. My biggest fear once I came to terms with being gay was letting him down in some way. I knew it wasn't something I could change, but I didn't want him to look at me any differently or like me any less because of it. Fortunately, he'd been really supportive.

He crossed his bulky arms over his even bulkier chest and glared at me. "Mom and dad would be really disappointed with you if they were still alive." His comment made me feel as if I'd just been punched in the gut. He rarely spoke about our parents, and using them to reprimand me was beyond a low blow.

"Get out." It came out as a low whisper. When he didn't move I screamed it at the top of my lungs. "GET OUT!" My sudden outburst caught him off guard; he might have even left my room had it not been for Marv, who chose that exact moment to sneeze.

Tanner headed straight to the source of the noise. "Is someone in there?" I jumped in front of him with my arms outstretched, trying to block him from getting any closer. "Jackson, get out of the way."

My voice climbed several octaves as I tried my best to shoo him away. "I don't want you going through my stuff." When I saw he wasn't going to be deterred, I jumped on his back and tried to wrestle him to the ground.

"What the hell is wrong with you?" he asked, whipping his body back and forth until he finally swatted me off. As soon as he saw his opening he ran to the closet in three strides.

"WAIT! I can explain." I held out one arm like a distressed damsel in one of those old black and white movies my aunt was so fond of watching, but it was too late. He was already sliding the door open and peering inside.

"Who's there?" he demanded in an authoritative tone. I watched the scene unfold in slow motion horror as Tanner leaned in and yanked the comforter out of the closet. All the stuff I had piled on top of Marv came tumbling out and crashed to the floor. I couldn't see Marv from where I was, but the shock on my brother's face was unmistakable. Before I could explain, Tanner said, "Get out here right now."

I experienced a moment of deep confusion when Tanner didn't run out of the room screaming in terror. In fact, he appeared angrier than I had ever seen him. I heard Marv shuffling in the closet and caught a quick glimpse of a human foot.

Moments later, human Marv stumbled out on two unsteady feet. Given that the amount of legs at his disposal had just been reduced by half I couldn't really blame his lack of balance. He'd thrown on a pair of dirty sweat shorts of mine, but other than that he was totally naked. His hair was sticking out in all directions, and there were dark circles under his clear blue eyes, but not even his visible fatigue and general sense of disarray had diminished his overall gorgeousness. His sudden return to human form had solved one major problem, but now several others had sprouted in its wake.



Tanner glanced from me to Marv and back again. "Were you two hooking up?"

Marv was so mortified by the suggestion that he opened and closed his mouth several times before he could speak. "Dude, we weren't doing anything. I'm not a fag."

I'd heard the word fag in school corridors uttered to my face and behind my back growing up, but hearing it in the safety of my own home made my face burn so hot that I was certain my skin was going to melt off. I stood up, walked over to the window, and threw it open with a little too much force. I wasn't sure if I was trying to change the temperature in the room or if I just needed something to do. When I turned around, the two were staring at me perplexed. I shrugged and sat back down on my bed.

"Then what the hell are you doing naked hiding in Jackson's closet when the whole town is looking for you?" my brother asked. It was a reasonable question with no reasonable answer. Marv stared at my brother, at a loss for words.

"I found him. In the woods." The lie formed so quickly in my head that it was coming out of my mouth before I could even grasp what I was saying. "He was naked and confused. He was just about to put some clothes on when you came home. He freaked out and asked me to hide him."

Tanner's expression was unreadable. "So for the last three days you've been wandering around naked and didn't bump into anyone or try to find help? And once Jackson found you, you still didn't call anyone."

Fortunately, Marv spared me from having to come up with another lame response. "I've been out of it. I'm pretty sure I was drugged. To be honest I don't remember much. I feel like I've been in and out of consciousness for the last three days."

Tanner somehow managed to pull his phone out of his football costume, even though I couldn't see any visible pockets to speak of. "I'm calling the police."

"NO!" Marv and I both shouted in unison.

Marv made the mistake of trying to grab the phone out of my brother's hand. Tanner reacted so fast that Marv was falling to the floor before he could realize my brother had swept his feet out from under him.

Marv attempted to get back up, but his shaky legs decided they had had enough action for one day and collapsed under him. He looked mad as hell at Tanner for a few brief seconds before all the fight abandoned him. He pulled his knees to his chest and sulked.

"What is wrong with you?" My embarrassment had transformed into anger. "Is this really how you're going to treat someone who needs our help?"

Tanner was momentarily speechless. I wasn't sure if had something to do with the fact that I had just stood up to him or the realization of what he'd just done, but he extended his hand out to Marv. "I'm sorry I pushed you. It's just that I feel like the two of you aren't telling me the truth."

Marv sighed, took his hand, and stood up. "I know this must all look crazy, but I'd really like to see my family first and maybe take a hot shower before I talk to the police."

"The cops will take you to your family," Tanner said with sudden kindness in his voice.

I realized Marv wasn't getting anywhere with my brother, so I took a stab at it. "Tanner, I spoke to a cop about five minutes ago. If he finds out I didn't say anything about Marv, I'm gonna be in a world of trouble."

"We'll tell the cop Marv walked out of the woods right after you talked to him," he said calmly.

Seeing as he had an answer for everything, I realized I would have to pull out the big guns. It was a little manipulative, but I decided to give Tanner a taste of his own medicine. "You heard him, he wants to see his parents first. If it were me, I know I would want to see mom and dad before talking to the police."

He took a moment to run a hand though his hair and scratch the back of his head. I recognized this gesture to mean he had come to a decision. "So what's the plan? We drive him to his house and drop him off at his front door where anyone can see us?"

"Do you live close to the woods?" I asked Marv, an idea forming in my head.

"Yeah, why?" he asked, not quite managing to look me in the eyes.

Having been accused of fooling around had made us both self conscious, but I plugged on and tried not to think about it. "Dropping Marv off at his front door is obviously out of the question, but we could leave him someplace where we won't be seen. He can slip into the woods and come out near his house. That way it'll give the impression he finally found his way back."

Tanner narrowed his eyes and stared at me for what felt like an eternity. I could tell he knew I was definitely hiding something, but I really didn't care what crazy scenarios were going through his head as long as we could get rid of Marv without any further complications.

"Fine," he said, resigning himself to my plan and pointing to Marv, "but you're going to need a change of clothes."

The two walked out of my room without further discussion. When I met them downstairs a few minutes later, Marv was wearing some of my brother's old gym clothes along with a beat up pair of sneakers that couldn't have smelled very good. I had planned on staying behind, since the cop had told me to stay put, but Tanner wasn't having it.

"You are not leaving me alone with that moron to clean up your mess," he said, "now get in the car or I wait for the cops to show up and get to the bottom of whatever it is you aren't telling me."

The drive across town was short but tense. Tanner ended up parking in a vacant lot behind a boarded-up diner at the edge of the woods. We waited a few minutes to make certain the coast was clear before we jumped out.

"Thanks for this," Marv said. "I promise I won't involve either of you in any way."

"Make sure that you don't." Tanner warned.

Marv glanced at me briefly. He nodded his head once before launching himself into the woods. Within seconds, he had disappeared from view.

"I'm going to pretend none of this ever happened," Tanner said, jumping back into the truck. "I suggest you do the same."

I felt a rush of affection for my brother and his willingness to help even when he hadn't wanted to. "I will. And thanks for helping out."

"Sure." He started the truck, and the loud engine roared to life.

As soon as we pulled onto our street I spotted a cop car parked in front of our house. I felt the sudden urge to jump out of the moving vehicle and head back into the woods, but I knew that would only make matters worse.

Tanner pulled up behind the cop car and cut the engine. "Good luck," he said.

Standing in the middle of the driveway were my aunt and the police officer I had spoken to earlier. The large man was staring at me with an expressionless face, but my aunt was clearly livid with me. They both appeared as if they'd been waiting for some time.





CHAPTER FIVE


Officer Richards took a seat directly across from me at the kitchen table while my aunt poured him a glass of iced tea. Although his prying eyes were sharp, they were buried under an excess of skin. His weathered face gave me the impression that he wasn't one for using sunblock or moisturizers. Without breaking eye contact, he picked up the glass and took a sip.

I'd seen enough cop dramas to know that looking away first was tantamount to an admission of guilt, but I did it anyway. I glanced over to the spot where Marv had been napping less than an hour ago and felt a sudden jolt of anxiety. Images of forensic teams brandishing zip lock bags filled with mountain lion hair flashed in my head. It was beyond silly, but Officer Richards was making me feel like a serial killer.

Aunt Margie sat down next to him and did her unsuccessful best not to glare at me. She was sucking her cheeks in, which was not a good sign. It was going to be a double interrogation, but no one would be playing the role of good cop.

"So," Officer Richards cleared his throat, "you left the house after being told not to."

"That was my fault," Tanner said. He had chosen to lurk at the kitchen entrance and appeared ready to bolt at any second. "Jackson forgot some books at school he needed for homework and asked me to drive him back."

"And why did you both have to go? Couldn't you have picked them up for him?" Even though the questions were directed to Tanner, the officer was still looking at me.

Tanner shrugged. "I guess that would have been the smarter thing to do."

Officer Richards sucked on his front teeth. It was a gross wet inhaling sound that made me squirm in my chair.

"So," Tanner said, backing out of the room slowly. "I have to head back to practice, can I go?"

The officer nodded his head once. Tanner bolted out of the house so fast it felt like I blinked once before I heard his truck starting.

"So," the officer said, speaking slowly. You decided to take a stroll in the woods even though there were notices all over your school and a morning announcement restricting access." As opening salvos go, it was pretty damning evidence.

That a violent bully had chased me into the woods was both the truth and my best defense, but Alex had already given the police a completely different account. Contradicting him didn't seem like a smart move. In terms of credibility, the officer was sure to side with the wrestler who had heroically faced down a mountain lion over me.

There was also the small matter of Alex having witnessed me breaking the laws of gravity. I wasn't sure if he had noticed or not, but I knew he hadn't mentioned it to the police. Had that been the case, I would already be strapped to a table in a lab somewhere with a dozen needles sticking out of my arms. My only viable option was to play dumb.

"I usually take the path through the woods because it's faster." This was an outright lie since I usually rode my bike, but he would have no way of knowing that. My aunt squinted at me suspiciously but remained silent.

Officer Richards scribbled something on his pad. The sound of the pen scratching against paper didn't help my anxiety level. "And the fact that a mountain lion was spotted in the area and someone is missing never even crossed your mind?"

"I just forgot, I guess. I was thinking about all the homework I have to do and stuff." It sounded so lame I wanted to punch myself.

Although his expression was blank, I sensed he was boring a hole through my head with his fleshy eyes. He was definitely not going to make this easy on me. "You must have a lot of school work to make you forget a dangerous wild animal is on the loose."



"It's a lot," I said, laughing nervously. Realizing that my story was teetering on the implausible, I added, "We have tons of papers to write for one of my classes and group projects and stuff. My Spanish teacher conducted part of today's class in Spanish, and it's only the first day back! I swear I didn't understand half of what he was saying. And don't get me started on Algebra 2, that might as well be it's own separate language." I was going to elaborate some more, but my aunt practically had steam coming out of her ears.

The officer continued to scrawl notes on his pad. What the hell could he possibly be writing?

What the hell could he possibly be writing? He lifted the glass and took several long gulps, before sighing so contently that I felt like I was watching a soft drink commercial. "That's some deliciousness right there, Margie."

"Thank you," she gushed, her anger and impatience diminished a little. My aunt was a sucker for compliments involving anything she made. Her cheeks even turned a little pink, a trait that ran on her side of the family and had been passed along to Tanner and me.

He held the glass with two fingers and moved it around in a circle, creating a wide water ring on the polished wood table. My aunt eyed the spot, I knew she wanted to jump up and shove a coaster underneath his glass, but she thankfully restrained herself.

"I love iced tea," he said casually, as if he'd forgotten his reason for being there. "But mine never comes out this good. Is this store bought or did you make it yourself?"

She bristled at the suggestion. "One hundred percent homemade. I can give you the recipe if you'd like."

Clearly, all three of us had just slipped into a different dimension. My aunt treated her recipes with the same vigilance museums reserved for priceless works of art. She even refused to keep them as files on her computer for fear of being hacked. Tanner and I had explained on more than one occasion that such a thing just wasn't possible, but she refused to listen to reason.

Officer Richards smiled in appreciation, but the gesture didn't quite reach his eyes, which remained hollow and mirthless, but perhaps that was because his attention had shifted back to me. He leaned forward, interlacing his fingers and setting them on the table. I resisted the urge to push my chair back.

"Alex Cole said he saw a mountain lion heading in your direction." He leaned a little closer to me and dropped his voice. "Did you see this mountain lion?"

I shook my head a little too vigorously. "No sir, I did not." If guilt were a scent, I'm pretty certain it would have been gushing out of my pores and smelling up the place.

His eyebrows rose up as if he had finally caught me in a big lie and knew I was about to sing. "So you didn't see the mountain lion?"

I forced myself to tone it down a bit. "No, I didn't." The pounding of my heart in my ears was so loud that I was surprised everyone else couldn't hear it as well.

Officer Richards picked up the pen again and made a few more notes before nodding at my arms. "Can you tell me how you got all scratched up? Because it looks to me like you were running through some thick brush, maybe even being chased."

"I tripped." It came out so fast there was no way to backtrack so I kept my mouth shut.

"You," he elongated the word you to ridiculous proportions, "tripped."

you "I tripped." I nodded as if we had both finally agreed on something. He was definitely not amused.

There was a sense of the surreal hanging in the air. We were all playing our roles, but the dialogue wasn't panning out as intended. Even though I was sitting at the table, I felt like a spectator watching an absurd and boring play.

Officer Richards wasn't convinced by any means. "That must have been some fall to leave you all scratched up like that."

"It was," I said in agreement, "it hurt, too."

My aunt's displeasure was so palpable it had nearly adopted physical form, becoming a fourth entity in the room. She knew I was lying, but I was hoping she would give me the benefit of the doubt and not bring it up in front of him.

Officer Richards drummed his fingers on the table. "I was informed that the mountain lion roared quite loudly. Did you happen to hear this?"

"No sir. I didn't hear anything like that. It was actually a nice walk, aside from falling and scraping myself up."

He shifted in his chair. I knew I had pushed him to the brink. "You do realize it's illegal to lie to an officer of the law?"

The underlying threat sent my stomach up into my throat. Pools of water collected in my eyes and distorted the room. I looked at my aunt in a panic.

Thankfully, she spoke up for me. "If Jackson says he didn't see or hear anything, then he probably didn't. I've taken care of my nephew for long enough to know that he isn't the most perceptive person on the planet."

Ouch, I thought. Way to have my back and make me sound like a dumbass all in the same breath.

Ouch, Way to have my back and make me sound like a dumbass all in the same breath. Her words seemed to calm him down because his demeanor completely changed when he spoke again. "You're very lucky your classmate scared the mountain lion off. You could have been seriously injured. You should thank him."

In truth, what Alex needed from me wasn't appreciation but a restraining order. I was so relieved, though, that I didn't care. "I most definitely will, sir." I sounded like an idiot.

He let out a weary sigh. I was betting he was regretting his career choice at the moment. "We're going to let your lack of judgment slide this time, but I suggest you stay out of the woods." He pushed away from the table and stood up. "Do you need a ride back to the café?"

"If it's okay," my aunt replied.

He nodded and began to walk out of the kitchen. "I'll give you two a couple of minutes. I'll be in the car."

"Thank you Officer Richards, I'll be right there." As soon as he had shut the front door she turned on me. "What on earth were you thinking going into the woods? You could have been killed. You scared everyone to death. I had to leave Sarah in charge of the café. Sarah ." She repeated her name to get the point across.

Sarah Sarah was probably one of the most incompetent workers on the planet and had burned several coffee pots during her time working for my aunt. Had she not been enormously pregnant, my aunt would have fired her a long time ago.

It was my aunt's turn to scrutinize me with adult x-ray vision and my turn to squirm some more. In many ways my aunt was the version of the mom I had never known. Both sisters had the same expressive brown eyes, the kind that easily conveyed the person's thoughts or feelings. They each had the same dark hair and thin lips, which practically vanished when they were angry. It pained me to look at her when she was mad or disappointed with me.

"I know you're hiding something," she said in a serious voice. "Out with it, now."

The words came tumbling out at once. "Alex Cole chased me into the woods. I was trying to get away from him because I saw him posing in his underwear in the locker room, and he somehow got it in his head that I had snapped pictures of him. He was going to beat me up."

Her eyes narrowed down to slits. "And did you take a picture of him?"

"Of course not," I said, balking at the suggestion.

"Okay." She nodded. "I'm going to bring Officer Richards back, and you are going to tell him exactly what you just told me."





CHAPTER SIX


I was relieved when my aunt dropped me off at school the next morning. It had taken a few tears and some major begging on my part before she finally agreed to keep the truth from Officer Richards. I was still in a world of trouble with her, and she had promised me that she would come up with a fair punishment to fit my crime, which was ridiculous considering I had been the victim.

Things at school weren't great for me. My popularity had soared, but only for being the stupid kid that had wandered into the woods. This humiliation would have been easier to bear had the principal not made a huge stink about it during the morning announcements. She spent a good amount of time espousing Alex's valiant act of bravery to the point that I thought I would actually lose my breakfast. Her tone was decidedly different half-an-hour later when she called me into her office and ripped me a new one, threatening me with a month's detention if I so much as placed a single toe in the woods.

Alex Cole, on the other hand, had gone from a mediocre wrestler most people ignored to a bona-fide hero. I saw him surrounded all throughout the morning by Stanley High's elite. By the time lunch rolled around, I was ready to quit school and move to the Himalayas. On the bright side, if one even existed, Alex hadn't said a word about me or the fact that I had broken the laws of gravity.

"Is the school year over yet?" I asked, throwing the recycled bag I was using as a makeshift backpack down and slumping onto the bench where we'd been eating our lunches since freshmen year.

"Well, seeing as it's only the second day back I think you know the answer to that question," Amy replied. She motioned towards Alex, who was sitting at the cool clique's table, and said. "What an a-hole." Amy never cussed if she could help it.

That made me smile. I had told Amy the real reason I had run into the woods, and even though she didn't know about Marv—her dad was a firefighter and I didn't trust her not to say anything to him—it felt good to have someone on my side.

"Uh-oh," I said, noticing she was smashing a green stress ball in her hand—her mom was a therapist and encouraged everyone to use one. "What's wrong?"

She grimaced before tossing me her cell phone. It was a text from Caleb asking her out on a date. He had attached a selfie of himself flexing his non-existent biceps.

Caleb was also in a wheelchair, which he decorated with colorful flags that shot up from the back of his chair. He was intent on making her his girlfriend and actually believed that if he badgered her long enough she would eventually give in.

Caleb's delusion that they were headed for a happily ever after wasn't entirely misguided. Half of the school egged him on in his quest to win her over. Everyone reasoned that the only two wheelchair-bound students in the entire school had to end up together. It was kismet. This reasoning infuriated Amy to no end. She hated society's shortsightedness and the fact that most people couldn't imagine her dating a fully abled person.

These types of assumptions didn't end with just Amy and Caleb. Most people assumed that Jesse, the other gay guy at school, and me would end up together. Whenever Jesse and I were in close proximity, everyone would stop in their tracks and openly stare at us with a grossed out fascination, as if we would one day suddenly throw our hands up in the air, give in to our gayness, and start making out on the spot. This, more than anything else, was the main reason why I had been avoiding him for years.

"Have you responded?" I asked, handing her phone back.

"Not yet." She mashed the ball a little harder. "I just don't know what to say, you know what he's like. I could tell him no and slap him across the face and he would shrug it off as a love tap and try even harder. I just can't win with him."



"Well, you can't avoid him forever. It's not like you blend in very easily."

"I know. My red hair is a dead giveaway." She smirked. "By the way, the audition was cancelled yesterday. Not enough people showed up because half the school was in the back parking lot waiting to watch you get carried out of the woods on a stretcher. They're going to reschedule for later this week."

We spent a good part of our lunch watching Alex mime the story of his encounter in the woods to the popular clique. Tracy Banks, who was recently back on the dating market, shoved a girl aside and sat down next to him. Tracy happened to be the reason the whole school knew I was gay. We'd been friends in the seventh grade and used to hang out every weekend. That's how she stumbled upon my diary. She read it and discovered I had a crush on her boyfriend. The next day at school she told everyone that I was a fag. What made matters worse was that she took to quoting the most salacious parts of my diary every chance she got. Everyone followed her lead, and I found myself tormented on a daily basis with my own words and feelings for a long time after.

"Oh no," Amy said, noticing that Caleb and his nerdy posse of two were approaching us.

"Hi Amy," he said, rolling up his wheelchair right beside her, "whut up, J-money?"

"Hi Caleb," we said in unison, a little unenthusiastically.

"So, did you get my message?" he asked her coyly.

"I actually left my cell at home. We had a crazy morning." Amy had hidden her phone from view. I just hoped for her sake that it was on silent. Her doting mother called her every lunch period to check up on her.

"I guess I can just ask you in person," Caleb said confidently. "Do you want to go on a da—"

One of the varsity football players whooped loudly, causing many heads to turn in his direction. Within seconds, more football players started hollering as they high-fived each other. Several people burst out into random applause while a few girls hugged each other and wiped tears out of their eyes.

"What now?" Amy asked, sounding as perplexed as I was feeling.

"Holy crap," one of Caleb's friends waved his phone at us, "they found Marv Morgan." At the mention of his name, my stomach went into knots.

"When?" Amy asked. "Does it say where he was during all of that time? I mean, there were hundreds of people searching for him."

He scanned the article and gave us bullet points. "All it says is that he walked out of the woods yesterday evening after having been missing for three days. He appears to be in good health and says he doesn't remember much of the ordeal and just wants to put it behind him."

"Well, that's good news," Caleb said. "We need Marv if we're going to beat Kane's football team in a couple of weeks. My uncle runs a little sideline gambling ring," he lowered his voice, "let me know if either of you want in."

I caught Tanner's eye from across the quad. He gave me a small shrug before he half-heartedly high-fived one of his friend's. The only one who wasn't cheering Marv's triumphant return was Alex, who remained seated and looked dour. He'd gone from being the object of everyone's attention to being yesterday's news within seconds. It really must have stung.

I took my sweet time getting to Spanish class later that afternoon, intentionally prolonging the moment I would inevitably have to face Alex. By the time I arrived, almost all of the desks were taken. What's worse was that they were arranged in a circle, so no one had bothered to sit where they had the previous day. I took a seat as far away from Alex as I could, not realizing that I had sat right next to Jesse in the process. His best friend Wendy had dragged the table from the back of the room and set it in the circle.



I hadn't seen Wendy sit at a regular desk since the seventh grade. Most heavyset girls jumped through hoops in order to camouflage their weight, but Wendy wasn't one of them. Today she was wearing a long-sleeved tight metallic gold top with matching gloves, skintight white jeans, and a gold scarf wrapped around her head. She'd dyed her hair a pitch-black color and had cut it shoulder length with severe bangs. The only makeup she had on was black eye shadow and black eyeliner. It was an ode to ancient Egypt, and a pretty tame outfit considering some of her past get-ups.

Not to be outdone, Jesse was wearing gray sailor pants, a white shirt, and a gray vest. His pink lips were a little too shiny to be natural, and his blond hair was plastered against his head, giving him the appearance of a wet golden retriever. He might as well have been wearing a kick me sign.

I pulled out my textbook and slumped in my chair, hoping to go unnoticed. Across the room I heard Tracy say, "Oh look, it's fat Cleopatra and gay Sailor Moon. Do they realize Halloween isn't for another month?" Her comments caused several people to snicker. Seeing as Mr. Rodriguez hadn't arrived to class yet she continued, "Exactly how wide is she planning on getting? Is there some sort of fat award I don't know about?"

Laughter filled the room. I felt extremely bad for Wendy, but it would have been social suicide to come to her defense.

I was relieved when Mr. Rodriguez finally walked in, but that relief quickly turned to boredom after a few minutes. I had never considered he could be twice as boring in a different language, but he'd proved me wrong. I must have zoned out at some point because by the time I realized he had instructed us to split up into groups of two, everyone had finished paring up. I looked around the room and saw that I was the only one without a partner.

"Jackson," Mr. Rodriguez said casually, "you can be in a group with Wendy and Jesse."

I was about to turn my desk to face them when three short dings came out of the P.A. system, saving me from having to say anything. "Attention all students and staff. Stanley police department has just informed the school that a mountain lion was spotted in the woods behind the parking lot a little while ago. It is imperative that all students avoid going into the woods for any reason whatsoever. Animal control has been alerted, but we urge everyone to stay clear until further notice."

A bunch of questions popped into my head all at once. Had Marv transformed again? Had he returned to the woods hoping I would find him? Should I go looking for him? What would happen if animal control got to him first? Would they kill him?

I spent the last two minutes of class hardly listening to the suggestions Wendy and Jesse were throwing out for our project. As soon as the bell rang, I ran to the back of the school and saw several police cars parked at the side of the road and a couple more pulling up. I ducked my head when I saw Officer Richards' large frame step out of one. He was currently at the top of my already crowded list of people to avoid.

I sent Marv a message via Instagram asking if he was okay and hurried home. I checked to see if he had uploaded anything in the last couple of hours, but he didn't appear to spend much time on social media, so I decided to sit on the porch steps and waited for a response. I was torn between wanting to help and wanting to stay out of it. I watched the exit out of the woods for about half-an-hour, expecting him to pop out at any moment but he never did.

Screw it, I thought, marching across the field and stepping into the woods. I could hear the thrumming of a helicopter in the vicinity, so I made sure to stay under the cover of trees.

Screw it, "Marv," I called out in a low whisper. I would have shouted, but I remembered him saying he had excellent hearing as a mountain lion. I also didn't want the police to hear me in case they were closer than I thought.

My phone buzzed in my pocket. I pulled it out and saw I had a new notification. It was a message from Marv telling me he was fine. I let out a sigh of relief and was about to turn around when I caught a flash of movement to my left. Two yellow orbs were watching me intently. A mountain lion was crouched on top of a large rock.

"You don't perhaps happen to talk, do you?" I asked nervously.

The mountain lion lowered his body closer to the rock. It was much smaller than Marv, but my body still went limp with fear. I took a small step backwards and tripped on a fallen branch right as the mountain lion jumped.

I tumbled into the air. Ground. Sky. Ground. Sky. Before coming to a stop in a standing position about twenty feet directly above the mountain lion's head. My arms instinctively reached out, but there was nothing around for me to grab.

The mountain lion looked up at me and sniffed the air. It didn't seem pleased that I had managed to get away from it and let out a frustrated yowl. It wasn't my only problem, though; I could hear the helicopter getting closer. There was no way I was going to go unnoticed for long. I thought about sending Marv a message and asking for help, but time was of the essence and I was running out of it fast. Besides, I didn't know if he would even bother to show up.

The trees offered some cover, but they also hindered my view. I was fairly certain that my house wasn't more than a ten-minute walk, but getting there was going to be a problem.

I reached forward, my outstretched arms in the classic superhero mold, but it didn't propel me forward or effect any movement whatsoever. I considered waiting around until the mountain lion grew bored and went away, but there was no guarantee that would happen any time soon. Besides, I had no clue how to get back to the ground. One thing was certain, though, at any moment someone was going to walk onto the path and then the mountain lion was going to be the least of my worries.

I tentatively lifted one leg slightly higher than the other and took a tiny step forward. There was nothing solid under me, but my foot didn't slip any lower. I did the same thing with the other leg and almost whooped when I realized it had worked. I had taken two tiny steps forward! The mountain lion continued to watch me with intense interest, which was surely hunger based.

I took a dozen more steps starting off slow and increasing my speed until I was jogging. Unfortunately, the stupid mountain lion decided to follow me. I cut thru the main path and made a mid air beeline straight for my house. I was forced to run around several trees blocking my way and startled more than a few birds out of their nests. A squirrel decided to personally follow my progression by racing across branches and jumping from tree to tree, until it finally got bored and decided to do something else. It was both scary and exhilarating all at once.

When I finally reached the edge of the woods, I took cover behind a pine tree and peered out onto the deserted field. The pesky mountain lion was still following me, but I had a plan to get around that particular problem. Still airborne, I sprinted as fast as I could across the field. I'd never felt so exposed in all of my life, but I had no other option. I "ran" all the way to the side of the house and stopped at my bedroom window. It was at the perfect height. Thankfully it was still open from the previous day. I climbed through and felt a surge of relief when my feet hit the solid floor on the other side.

I took a few steps into the middle of my room and laughed for a solid minute. It probably wasn't my sanest moment. When I finally calmed down I poked my head out the window. The mountain lion was sitting right under my window looking cranky as hell. I ran to the bathroom and returned with a bucket of cold water. The beast howled in protest upon getting drenched and darted across the field and back into the woods. I immediately called the sheriff's station and reported having seen the wild animal. It was going to look a little suspicious, but I didn't think it was a good idea to leave a pissed off carnivore un-captured to plot his revenge on me.

About ten minutes later, Officer Richards showed up at my doorstep. "You again," he said. He did not look happy to see me.





CHAPTER SEVEN


My aunt decided that my punishment would be to work weekends at the café for an entire month, so Saturday morning found me waking up at 4:30am.

Being a heavy sleeper meant setting my wake up tone on Klaxton—you know, the sound you would expect to hear if Godzilla ever attacked San Francisco. As soon as it went off I sat up and slammed my head into the ceiling. My grogginess immediately cleared and was replaced by adrenaline. I pushed away from the ceiling and managed to turn myself around in the air. It was still dark outside, but the dim light from my blaring phone illuminated enough of my bedroom to see that my bed was a good seven feet below me.

I performed a sort of swimming stroke with my arms and legs, but it didn't do much good. I flipped back around and kicked away from the ceiling as hard as I could, but I only floated down a few feet. I spun back to face the ground and searched frantically for something to grab on to. If I didn't shut my phone off soon, my aunt was going to come barging into my room and find me floating in mid air.

"Jackson!" There were three loud knocks on my bedroom door.

There was a sudden whoosh of air and the brief sensation of falling. I hit the bed, bounced off, became airborne for another second, and landed on the hardwood floor in a tangle of bed sheets and pillows.

whoosh My aunt walked in and flipped on the light. She was wearing a pink polo shirt and neatly pressed khakis. She was clearly in the middle of doing her makeup and looked quite annoyed with me. "What is going on?" She didn't wait for an answer as she stepped over my crumpled body and shut off the alarm. "Why are you on the floor?"

"I fell out of bed." I explained, a little breathless. I suspected if I tried to come clean she would probably have me committed.

She shook her head in dismay. She was still angry with me and didn't bother to hide it. Apparently, I couldn't do anything right. "Get dressed, we're leaving in ten minutes."

I remained on the floor for a little while after she left my room, trying to gather my thoughts. I thought about sending Marv a message, but I didn't think he would respond. He had made his triumphant return to school on Wednesday. Wherever he went, people burst out into random applause and cheers. During one of these impromptu standing ovations we had walked right past each other, but he didn't so much as look at me.

* * *

My aunt's café was, what I imagined to be, an old lady's wet dream. Most people under the age of thirty avoided it at all costs. Not that I could blame them. It just wasn't a cool place to hang out. Doilies and porcelain trinkets abounded throughout; the walls were papered with flowers and vines in soothing pastel colors that stretched from floorboard to ceiling; dozens of sinister looking China dolls were entombed in an old cabinet. Even the smell of coffee wasn't strong enough to repel the scent of old lady perfume.

I was pulling the rubber mats back in from the alley after having hosed them down thoroughly when Sarah waddled into the kitchen and leaned against one of the sinks. She was wearing an extremely tight canary-colored top that showcased her enormous belly. I was pretty sure she was working the pregnancy angle to get better tips. "Some guy named Jesse is asking for you."

"Okay, thanks." I did my best to ignore the implication in her voice, but it wasn't enough.

"Is he your boyfriend?" She raised her eyebrows several times, which was a gesture that worked with cartoon characters but looked downright lame when she did it. "He's ca-uuute!"

"He's just someone from school, nosy Rosy," I said a little too aggressively. "We're working on a project for class."

"Okay Miss Thaaang, no need to throw a hissy fit. It was just a question, God. You baby gays are so bitchy." She waddled back out to the counter with an air of having been offended. She annoyed me to no end, but I would eventually have to apologize. No one sulked or held a grudge longer than Sarah did.



I almost didn't recognize Jesse when I poked my head out of the kitchen. His hair wasn't plastered to his head, his lips weren't coated with gloss, and he was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. I'd never seen him looking so normal.

"Where's Wendy?" I asked, joining him at a table in the front right next to the window.

He dropped his gaze and fiddled with his notes. "She's not feeling well. We should just get started without her." I was about to complain that it wasn't fair, but he must have sensed this because he said, "Don't worry, I'll do her work as well."

Jesse, Wendy, and I had decided to do a scene where we performed a television-style newscast. We had played with the idea of doing a comedic skit, but we weren't known for being funny. Pulling off comedy in a foreign language seemed beyond our reach, so we settled on delivering the worst possible doom and gloom news we could find, hoping the horribleness of the actual events would provide enough drama to earn us a good grade.

Translating the news ended up being much harder than we had anticipated. Phrases like: A man with a samurai sword went ballistic on the subway in New York, and pop starlet has a meltdown and breaks her leg after jumping off a two-story balcony were incredibly difficult to render, especially since Jesse wouldn't let us use Google Translate. It also didn't help that he was a rather nervous person and kept getting distracted and checking his phone.

At one point after checking his phone, he became so fidgety that he actually stood up to get some fresh air. He didn't actually step outside; instead, he stood in the doorway with the door wide open and took deep, dramatic breaths. I turned toward the counter to make sure my aunt wasn't watching. She would have pitched a fit had she seen all her expensive air-conditioning being let out of the café. When he came back he made us move the table away from the window, explaining that sitting in the sunlight was making him sweat. He also set up a chair for when Wendy joined us. I was beginning to think his nervous disposition was accompanied by a touch of OCD.

We worked for a solid hour before we decided to a short break. I was walking back with some snacks and refills on our iced teas when I noticed Jesse appearing to have a tense conversation with himself. His face went really pale when he realized I had been watching him.

"Who were you talking to?" I asked.

Jesse fiddled with his cell phone on the table. "Oh, I was just recording myself saying the lines out loud. It's something they taught us in drama class. You should try it, it really helps with memorization."

"Wait," I said, a little startled, "you want us to memorize all this?" Students usually just read out loud whatever they had written while half-heartedly acting out the scene.

"If we all go off script, it might help our grade. You know, it'll seem more legit. Also, Wendy and I were thinking maybe we should dress the part. I have a suit I can wear and Wendy says she has a blue pantsuit that makes her look like she's running for president. Maybe you could wear one too?" Jesse must've realized he was throwing me into a tailspin because he quickly added, "Just for class. It's not like you have to walk around in one all day. And that's only if you want. But, I really think it'll help our grade."

They were turning our simple Spanish project into Shakespeare in the Park. Giving a presentation with all three of us dressed up would basically provide the class with more ammo against me than they'd gotten in years. The jokes would write themselves; that is, if Jesse and Wendy didn't end up penning the script for that as well.

The little bell over the front door dinged as a tall, lanky white guy with a peach fuzz beard and long hair the color of moss burst into the café. Shannon resembled a young version of Jesus, though I doubt that Jesus would have had bloodshot eyes and smelled so powerfully of weed. He stopped right in front of me and nodded but didn't actually say any words.

"Can I help you?" I asked nervously.

I could tell he didn't know what to do next. He shoved his hand in his pocket and fiddled with something. Whatever it was seemed to calm him down a bit because he leaned over and whispered in my ear. "It's about Marv. He needs your help. My car is parked around the corner. I'll wait for you there." With those few words that didn't really explain anything, he slowly backed away from me and ran out the door.

"Well that was a bit strange," Jesse said, watching Shannon retreat back to his car through the large front window. "What did he want?"

"Uh, it's time for my guitar lesson." It was the only believable thing that popped into my head. "It was supposed to be later today, but I guess something's come up. Is it okay if we finish for today?"

"That's fine. I'll text Wendy our notes and have her do the rest. Should we meet here at the same time tomorrow?"

"Sure."

He continued to talk about our project, but I was hardly listening anymore, too worried about what kind of trouble Marv might have gotten himself into.

"Maybe you should bring your guitar. We can try to work it into the skit. Maybe you can come up with the opening theme music. I can help you write it!"

That got my attention. "What?"

He smiled really big. A dimple appeared on his cheek. "I'm just kidding. I just wanted to make sure you were paying attention."

Someone impatiently honked a horn outside several times.

"Yes. Here. Tomorrow. No guitar." I sounded demented.

Shannon was sitting in a gray beat up Honda Civic covered in an abundance of stickers of rock bands I had never heard of. The interior of his car was very untidy with fast food bags and cups thrown everywhere. There was a small mountain buried underneath several dirty blankets taking up both seats in the back. The mountain shifted slightly. I reached over to pull the blanket back, but Shannon stopped me.

"DO NOT LOOK UNDER THERE!" He grabbed my hand and pulled it away.

"Jesus, okay," I clutched my pounding chest, "you didn't have to scare me half to death."

Shannon pulled out of the parking space and raced down the street, slamming on the brakes when he noticed the stop sign. I heard Marv's muffled complaints coming from the back.

"How did you know where to find me?" I asked.

"We went to your house and bumped into your brother as he was leaving. He said you would be at the café." He gestured to the back seat with a sideways dip of his chin, "So you can really understand what he's saying?"

"Yes. You should turn left here, it's faster."

Shannon made a very sharp turn, knocking Marv around in the back seat. "Tell him to watch it!"

"He said to be careful," I translated.

Shannon's face had a greenish tint to it, a shade that almost perfectly matched his hair. I wondered what he heard when Marv spoke.

When he pulled into my aunt's driveway, I said, "We'll have to get out here. The garage is packed with boxes and stuff."

Shannon jumped out of the car and left his key in the ignition. I pulled them out for him and got out as well. He ran around to the front of the car and was pointing a shaky finger at the lump in the back seat. "You can't have that thing walking around in public."

"No one is going to see him." I tried to calm him down.

There wasn't a soul in sight, and Mr. Saltzman wouldn't be walking his dog until later in the evening. I knew this because you could set a watch to the old man's dog walking schedule.

I opened up the back door and pulled the blanket off of Marv. I yelped when I saw two large reptile eyes blinking up at me. Marv's massive body shifted under the blankets. He awkwardly made his way out of the car. He wasn't Marv the mountain lion anymore. He was Marv the extinct velociraptor.





CHAPTER EIGHT


"Hey Jackson," Marv the velociraptor said calmly. "Can you believe this shit?" He wasn't trying to be intentionally scary, but his jerky movements and six long, sharp talons gave the wrong impression. It's no wonder Shannon was so freaked out.

"It's okay," I said, trying to calm him down, "he's not going to hurt us. See?" I held my hand by Marv's mouth just to prove my point. The velociraptor snapped his jaws just millimeters away from my hand. Shannon shrieked and took off running toward the back of the house. "Good going." I scolded Marv.

When I caught up with him, Shannon was trying to pry the mesh screen off of the kitchen window. As soon as he saw me, he checked to see if my hand was still attached before backing away slowly with both his arms held out. Before I could warn him, he tripped over the rake Tanner had left out. He grabbed it and held it up like a weapon.

"I warned him this might happen," Marv explained in a reasonable tone. "Well, not turning into a dinosaur—"

"Velociraptor," I corrected.

"Yeah, that. I told him about turning into a mountain lion. He said he believed me, but I don't think anything can really prepare you for the moment when a dinosaur barges into your room."

"Velociraptor," I corrected again.

"He was smoking weed when I barged into his room, so he's not all there," Marv explained.

I pressed my hands against my eyes and rubbed them hard. "You've got to be kidding me." Dealing with Marv was a tall enough order without having to worry about his stoned friend.

"It's actually better this way," Marv explained. "Shannon smokes to keep himself calm."

"YOU CALL THIS CALM!"

Both Marv and Shannon jumped a little. Shannon pulled something out of his pocket and held it up to me. It was a small blue pipe. "You should have some of this, it'll really mellow you out."

"I am not smoking the pot to calm myself down. Someone here has to keep it together."

"Dude," Marv said, sounding like a college professor, "it's not The Pot, it's just called pot."

I threw my hands up in the air. "Seriously? This is what you want to discuss right now?"

"All right, I get it," Marv huffed.

"You. Are. A. Freaking. Dinosaur." I waved my hands at the prehistoric beast to accentuate my point. "How exactly should I be acting?"

"Velociraptor," he said correcting me.

Punching a velociraptor had never seemed so appealing. Shannon decided it was the perfect time to light up. He took a huge hit from his pipe and exhaled the smoke slowly from his nostrils and mouth, reminding me of a dragon. Knowing our stupid dumb luck Marv would probably turn into that next.

I held myself back from grabbing the pipe out of his hands and beating him senseless with it. "Do you really think this is the appropriate time to be smoking? Can't you see we're up shit creak without a paddle?"

"I've got a rake," he said, holding it up. "Will that help?" He was about to take another hit but noticed the contempt on my face, smiled sheepishly, and slipped the pipe back in his pocket.

Marv's head snapped to one side. A second later I heard it as well. It was the low rumble of a helicopter off in the distance. Helicopters did not take to the skies in our town without good reason.

"Were you seen?" I asked.

The velociraptor shifted his weight back and forth. He tried to crack his knuckles, but his claws just sort of banged together and made a loud clacking noise. "I sort of might have transformed in front of my stepdad. I was pushing him away to keep him from..." His voice trailed off. "Look, it's a long story, but my stepdad was really drunk, so I doubt anyone is going to believe him."



"You really should've started with this," I said, trying my best not to scream at him. I pulled my house key out of my pocket and started to walk back towards the front porch. "We should get inside."

"There's more," Marv the Velociraptor said with dread in his voice. "I didn't know where else to go, so I ran to Shannon's house. There was no one on the street, but I can't be a hundred percent sure that I wasn't seen."

This was getting better and better by the second. "Is there anything else you've neglected to mention? Did you stop and buy lemonade from some school kids along the way?"

The velociraptor slumped a little. "Shannon was pretty freaked out. I basically had to pin him to the ground and scratch my name on his wall to let him know it was me and not a real dinosaur." He paused for a long time, not meeting my eyes.

"Go on," I prodded, realizing that the worst was still to come.

"I, uh, also, scratched your name out as well because he kept mumbling that he didn't know what to do even though I'd told him exactly what to do in case this ever happened."

I flew into a fist pumping, spittle flying, foot stomping rage. "Jesus, Marv. What were you thinking? I. Am. So. Screwed. Officer Richards already suspects something. He's been here twice." I held up two fingers for emphasis.

"Just calm down," the velociraptor said. "You don't have to get all gay about it."

"What did you call me?" I got right up in Marv's prehistoric face.

"I shouldn't have said that, I'm sorry," Marv said steadily, "but you're the only one who can understand me. I didn't know what else to do. If you want us to leave we'll go."

I was tempted to walk into the house and leave them to figure this mess out on their own, but I knew I would be implicated nonetheless. I guess I had no choice but to go down with the sinking ship.

"Okay, okay." I forced myself to cool off. "We can figure this out. Have you tried changing back?"

"You must really think I'm all levels of stupid to ask me that," he said, dryly. "Of course I tried to change back." He flung his short arms into the air completely exasperated.

"Look, Barney," I said, referencing the popular purple dinosaur, "it was just a question. You don't need to get into the prehistoric snit about it."

"He called you Barney. That's hilarious!" Shannon burst into giggles and rolled around in the dirt. The velociraptor was not amused.

Hiding Marv in my closet was out of the question; my brother already knew that particular trick. Actually, hiding him in the house was out altogether. We could stuff him in Shannon's car, but I didn't think it was safe to drive around with no destination in mind while he was high.

"I think we should head to the abandoned cabin in the woods. At least there you'll have some cover and won't be spotted as easily if the helicopter comes this way."

"No way I'm going in there." Shannon pointed towards the direction of the woods with the rake. "Haven't you heard? There's a mountain lion on the loose."

"Dude," I turned to Marv and gestured at him, "we have a freaking dinosaur with us. A mountain lion isn't going to mess with us."

"Maybe Shannon has a point. Not about the mountain lion, since we know that was me."

"Actually there is a mountain lion on the loose. I came across him the other day when they announced at school that one had been spotted in the woods. I thought you might have been in trouble, so I went looking for you."

is

This surprised Marv. "You did? Why didn't you tell me?"

"Seeing as you pretend like I don't exist at school, I figured you didn't want me talking to you."

He looked away embarrassed. "Okay, I'm an asshole, are you happy?"

"At least you admit it." I shrugged.

"What did he say? What did he say?" Shannon asked.

"He admits to being an asshole."

"I've been telling him that for years," Shannon said.

Marv ignored his friend and tried to sound dignified. "So what happened? How did you get away?"

"I flew again. Or it was something like flying. I was able to walk back home through the air."

"Dude," Shannon said, "I must be really high right now because that didn't make any sense. And my friend just happens to be a dinosaur at the moment. Did you just say that you can fly?"

"Sort of," I explained. "I was hovering about twenty feet off the ground, walked in mid air back home, and ended up climbing through my bedroom window. The mountain lion followed me back but I dumped a bucket of cold water on him. Then I called the cops."

Marv's eyes had grown wider and wider throughout my explanation. "That's wild," he said awestruck. "Do you think you could do it again?"

"I've been trying, but it only ever happens when I've been scared or asleep."

There was a crunching noise behind me. Shannon grabbed me by the shoulders, and shook me really hard. "BOO!"

I spun around and practically slapped him. "What is wrong with you?"

"I want to see you fly!" He waved his hands in the air and did his best imitation of the Wicked Witch. "Fly my monkey fly!"

"It's his favorite movie to watch when he's stoned," Marv explained. "He's always going on about an old rock band's album lyrics matching the movie."

"Let's just get to the woods." I was reaching my breaking point. "The longer we stay out here the more we risk being seen." And the more at risk Shannon was of me murdering him.

Shannon and I made our way back to the front of the house to make sure the coast was clear. We argued briefly about him bringing the rake, but in the end I didn't have it in me to put up a fight and let him bring it along. Once we reached the woods I took the lead while Marv fell in line behind me with Shannon bringing up the rear. We must have been quite the sight—a scrawny gay kid, a velociraptor, and a stoned rake-wielding teenager with green hair marching in single file. There was a great joke in there somewhere.

Marv was more than equipped to keep up, but Shannon was wheezing a little by the time we reached the small clearing. There were three rocks spaced out about two feet apart, which I almost missed because of the tall weeds that had grown around them. Tanner had once told me that a family had lived in the cabin until the husband had gone crazy and killed his wife and two small daughters. He'd said the rocks marked where they'd been buried. I knew he'd only been trying to scare me, but seeing those rocks still freaked me out a little.

The outline of the old cabin could be seen through the thick branches of the trees surrounding it. It was so well camouflaged that anyone who didn't know to look for it might have missed it entirely. I pointed it out to Marv and Shannon.

"I guess Shannon and I should go in first and make sure it's empty." I turned back to look at the cabin and felt the tiniest stab of fear. It wasn't like me to be so adventurous.

"I just want to point out that this is pretty much how every horror movie starts," Shannon said. "And I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm still a virgin." He frowned for a moment. "I forget, do virgins die first or last?" Before I could answer he brushed the question aside with a flourish of his hand. "I guess we'll find out." Shannon lifted the rake, holding it like a weapon, and charged ahead.

Marv shrugged. "Sometimes he has his moments. Call out if you need any help."

Various sections of the cabin's roof had caved in and parts of the exterior walls were missing. All of the windows had been broken and the front door had been torn off its hinges and was nowhere to be seen. The cabin creaked loudly as we stepped inside, as if it was letting us know that it was aware or our presence.

"Well, this isn't creepy at all," Shannon said.

The interior of the cabin was trashed. Broken furniture had been stacked into piles and shoved into the corners of the room. There were a few dirty blankets strewn about, along with dried puddles of wax that had once been candles, and empty bottles of beer littered the floor. A light rain started to fall, making its way inside through the wrecked roof.

"Do you think there's a bathroom?" Shannon asked. "I have to pee."

"There's a whole forest outside."

He shook his head vehemently. "I can't go in the woods. I'll bet there's a bathroom in here somewhere. Hell, I'll even settle for a sink at this point." He hurried down a hallway and disappeared into a room.

I gave him some privacy and checked the door to my left. The room had a window in it, but a large tree was blocking out most of the light from outside. There was a blanket on the floor in this room as well. A few items were scattered about including a backpack, a pen, and a notebook. There was also an open can of food on the floor with a spoon sticking out of it. An alarm went off in my head.

The floorboard creaked softly behind me. I spun around and saw a large man covered in dirt and grime pointing a gun at me with a finger pressed to his lips. His eyes were pitch black and deadly serious.





CHAPTER NINE





Time came to a screeching halt. The heightened sense of awareness made me dizzy. It felt like hundreds of drums were beating inside my head. I wanted to run, but my body was paralyzed. There was a loud thump from somewhere inside the cabin. All of this unfolded within a couple of heartbeats. My feet shot up behind me and I flew headfirst through the air like Superman at an alarming speed. I unintentionally shot straight at him and slammed my right shoulder into his stomach.





I heard the rush of air leaving lungs and saw a bright flash of light as the gun went off. It was the loudest noise I'd ever heard. I knew I was screaming at the top of my lungs, but I couldn't hear myself over the ringing in my ears. Somehow we both ended up on the floor. We twisted and pushed frantically against one another. I kicked and punched hard, landing a few jabs, but with little effect. I felt far removed from my own body. I'd had no idea I was capable of such violence. My cheek exploded in pain. Had I really just been punched in the face? My head slammed against the floor and everything dimmed for a second. I felt a sharp pain on both of my shoulders. He'd pinned me to the ground with his knees and was pressing both his hands against my throat. I struggled for air, bucking my legs to try and get him off of me.

I saw a brief look of confusion on his face before it turned to horror. The velociraptor slammed into him and sent him flying across the room. I took a huge gulp of air and gagged on it. Through my coughing and tears I saw that the man was on the floor. His arm was bent at an impossible angle and he was moving his mouth, but I couldn't hear what he was saying. He scrambled onto his knees, picked up the gun, and fired a single shot. The velociraptor spun to his side and slammed against a wall. The man ran past me and out of the room.

My ears were ringing more than ever as I ran up to Marv. My movements felt fuzzy, like I'd just woken up from a long nap. "Are you okay?" I didn't know if I was whispering or shouting.

Marv was trying to reach for something. That's when I saw blood trailing down the side of his body. I grabbed the blanket from the floor and pressed it against the bullet wound.

Warm blood quickly soaked my hand. I kept repeating that it was going to be okay until the ringing in my ears subsided and I was able to hear the words I was saying. Hot tears were streaming down my face.

"It stings like crazy," he croaked, "but I think it only broke the skin."

"Are, are you sure?" My question came out more like a sob.

Marv nodded his head. His eyes were a little glazed over. "I think so."

Outside, I heard a dog barking. My hearing still wasn't working properly, so I couldn't gage if it was close or far away. Marv needed to hide, but where?

"Where's Shannon?" The velociraptor didn't wait for a response and ran out the room. "Shannon? Shannon? Where are you?"

I ran after him and saw Marv basically rip the door off its hinges as he barreled into the room, scattering wood and dust all over the place. Shannon was lying on the floor. Marv leaned over and urgently shoved him with his muzzle. I got down on my knees and grabbed his wrist. Relief like I've never experienced washed over me when I felt a strong pulse.

"Do you think he passed out?" My voice was still unsteady.

"More like knocked unconscious," said someone behind us.

The two of us yelped as we spun around. My neighbor, Mr. Saltzman, was standing in the doorway, his Great Dane close to his side. The dog's hair was standing on end and he was letting out a low, continuous growl directed at Marv. Mr. Saltzman slowly took in the scene. His eyes lingered longer on Marv than anything else, but he didn't seem surprised by the fact that there was a velociraptor in the room.

"Easy there, Graham." He tugged sharply on the Great Dane's leash, but it continued to bare his teeth. "I'm not going to hurt you, but you need to do exactly as I say. I know how to help you."

"How can you help us?" Marv asked, forgetting Mr. Saltzman couldn't understand what he was saying.

Mr. Saltzman eyed him for a moment before he turned to address me. "Jackson, tell me what he said?"

"He, he wants to know how you can help us," I repeated, startled.

Mr. Saltzman pulled back on Graham's leash. The enormous Great Dane had inched forward, eager to get a closer look at the strange creature. "You're going to have to trust me for the time being. Explaining will take too long and I want to get out of here in case those two come back."

I felt an abrupt jolt of terror in the pit of my stomach. Of course there were two of them. How else had Shannon been knocked unconscious?

"So what should we do?" I asked, after a long fretful moment of silence.

Mr. Saltzman held out Graham's leash. "You're going to have to hold him for a moment. Be careful," he warned, "he's really strong."

He was right. The moment I took hold of the leash the dog lunged forward, as if sensing I wouldn't be able to control him. He managed to drag me several inches across the floor before I dug my heels into the ground. I pulled back with all my strength, but it was just enough to keep him stationary.

Mr. Saltzman removed a short pocketknife from his back pocket, picked up one of the blankets off of the floor, and began cutting it into long strips. He walked over to Marv, and examined the wound, before letting out a low grunt.

"You're very lucky you only got grazed by the bullet." He held up the strips of fabric. "May I?"

Marv nodded once. Although the pain was written all over his reptile face, he remained completely still while Mr. Saltzman deftly tied the long strips around his body to stop the bleeding. I was amazed by his efficiency.

"There," he took a step back, checking his work. "That'll have to do for now."

He shifted his attention to Marv's unconscious friend and bent down beside him. With a series of light, rapid slaps to his cheeks, he was able to wake Shannon. My awe and respect for my grumpy old neighbor had just shot up by leaps and bounds.

"Welcome back," Mr. Saltzman said kindly. Shannon looked very confused. He looked from me to Marv, his expression full of questions. I gave him a slight nod letting him know everything was okay. Mr. Saltzman held one finger close to Shannon's face and moved it back and forth. "Follow my finger with your eyes." Shannon's eyes struggled to follow Mr. Saltzman's long crooked finger. "Hmmm."

"Shannon smoked some pot a little while ago." I thought it was necessary information.

"Blabbermouth," Marv grumbled. I shot the velociraptor a dirty look and he rolled his eyes at me. At least the bullet wound hadn't affected his attitude.

Mr. Saltzman slowly stood up. "I think you're going to be fine." He helped Shannon to his feet and stayed close to him as Shannon took a few tentative steps forward.

"Should I be worried that my neck hurts?" Shannon asked, slowly moving his head from side to side.

"He put you in a sleeper hold." Mr. Saltzman explained, taking Graham's leash out of my hands. "It doesn't feel good afterwards, but it's nothing to worry about."

The good news, if there was any to be had, was that the two men who had attacked us were nowhere in sight. The bad news was that the rain was now coming down hard. Within minutes my shirt and jeans were sticking to me and my feet were squishing in my sneakers.

Mr. Saltzman led us out of the woods, single file, taking special care to retrace our original path. He instructed Shannon and me to make sure all signs of Marv's strange prints were wiped away. This made the wet trek home an even more grueling ordeal, but at least we were finally able to put the rake Shannon had brought with him to good use.

We were coming down a particularly slick slope when Mr. Saltzman stopped in his tracks. "Do you all see that?" He was pointing through a small clearing in the trees. I could see my house in the distance. There was a patrol car parked in front. Until that moment, I hadn't thought it was possible to feel any worse that I already did.





CHAPTER TEN


"Now what do we do?" Shannon sounded as helpless as I felt.

"This definitely complicates matters." Mr. Saltzman scratched the bald spot at the top of his head. "I was hoping to get you all back to my house, but we'll have to do it here. Jackson, I need you to remove Graham's leash and wrap it around that tree making sure you loop it so that he can't run away."

It was a strange request, but I did as I was told while Mr. Saltzman held Graham's collar firmly with both hands. Graham started getting antsy again and began to growl at Marv. I clipped the leash back onto his collar and took a few steps back. Mr. Saltzman held on to the large Great Dane in a bear hug.

"Okay," he instructed Marv, "get as close to Graham as you can."

The velociraptor took several tentative steps forward until he was just out of biting distance from Graham. Mr. Saltzman did his best to calm the dog down, but Graham wasn't having any of it. From Graham's point of view, it must have appeared like he was being offered as a sacrificial meal. The Great Dane barked and snapped wildly.

"Now get eye level with him" Mr. Saltzman urged, struggling to keep the dog still. "Do it now!" Mr. Saltzman barked. Marv hunched over until he was inches away from Graham. "Now I want you to imagine you are seeing the world through his eyes. I want you to picture yourself as a Great Dane. Concentrate."

Minutes ticked by with the two animals locked in a staring contest of Mr. Saltzman's making. Graham's hysterical barking must have made it hard for Marv to concentrate because the velociraptor finally shook his head and exhaled. "I can't do it."

As if he had understood perfectly, Mr. Saltzman said, "Come on, you can do it. You just need to concentrate. It's not enough for you to picture yourself turning into Graham; you've got to imagine it with every fiber of your being. Now try again."

"This is ridiculous. I don't know why I'm even listening to this crazy old man," Marv said, throwing his claws in the air and stomping away in a velociraptor huff.

Never in a million years would I have ever imagined that I would live to witness a dinosaur throw a hissy fit. I hurried after the cranky velociraptor and jumped in front of him to block his path. "You have to try harder," I pleaded.

"This is stupid." He motioned toward Mr. Saltzman and his giant growling dog. "How do you know we can even trust him? For all we know he could be messing with us."

"He knows something," I said, dropping my voice to a whisper so I wouldn't be overheard. "How do you explain the fact that he didn't lose his shit when he saw you for the first time? And how did he know you could talk and that I could understand you?"

Marv tried crossing his arms in front of his chest, but his unwieldy talons didn't allow for such a human gesture. He threw his arms up in defeat. "I don't know. He looks old enough to have been around when dinosaurs were still alive." The fact that he was cracking jokes was a good sign.

"C'mon, you have to try again. If it doesn't work, we'll think of something else." Perhaps it was the desperation in my voice, or maybe it was the fact that we really had no other options, but he walked back over to the tree.

Graham resumed his barking and was now practically spitting in Marv's face, which was just a mere inch away from the Great Dane's snapping jaws. Had I not been looking at Marv's eyes, I wouldn't have noticed what happened next. They shifted from that of a reptile's to that of a dog's. It was like watching ink reform itself. Even though his eyes were still blue, dog eyes on a velociraptor seemed unnatural and gave him a demonic appearance.

His upper body contracted violently. Fur began sprouting out of his scales. His tail, nails, and muzzle retracted back into his body, and two pointy ears popped up out of nowhere. It took no more than a few seconds for Marv to reform himself from a velociraptor to a Great Dane. I couldn't figure out how his bones and organs had reorganized themselves without snapping or even killing him in the process.



Shannon let loose a long string of curse words. Mr. Saltzman scowled at him but didn't say anything. Graham's barking ceased. His large head tilted to one side as if trying to process exactly what had just occurred. He sniffed the air around Marv in confusion. Marv shook himself out. It was such a dog-like thing to do that I laughed.

"Bro," Shannon said, "Broooooo. You just..."

The bandages had slipped off of Marv during the transformation so Mr. Saltzman had to readjust them before he unleashed Graham. The two dogs were almost carbon copies of one another. The only difference, aside from being bigger than Graham, was that Marv's eyes were blue and not brown. Graham's tail was wagging like crazy as he sniffed Marv all over.

"Hey watch it!" Marv jumped back when the dog got too close to his butt and snapped at him. Graham must have thought Marv wanted to play because he snapped back and bit Marv's ear. Marv the Great Dane was not amused. He shook his doggy head in a dignified manner and said, "Can we go now?"

"How did you know he would turn into a dog?" I asked Mr. Saltzman.

"Call it a hunch." He started making his way down the path and called back to us, "Come on, we need to get out of these woods before any more trouble comes along.

"That was some hunch," Marv said, as we got on the main path. His dog voice was similar to his mountain lion voice—a little less growly, and not as low.

My brain was aching almost as much as my cheek. I had so many questions for Mr. Saltzman. If I had encountered a real mountain lion in the woods, then maybe so had Marv on the night of his disappearance. But that didn't explain how he could have turned himself into a velociraptor—unless there was one of those on the loose, as well.

* * *

Officer Richards and his partner, a light skinned Latina with a heart-shaped face, stepped out of the vehicle as soon as they saw us step out of the woods.

"Let me handle this," Mr. Saltzman said quietly. "Marv, play up your injury. A little bit of whining wouldn't hurt, either."

Mr. Saltzman went through a transformation of his own. He developed a limp, walked slower, and stooped a little. It wasn't drastic by any means, but these adjustments did give the impression that he was older and frailer. It was a far cry from the sure-footed man who had helped us in the woods. It was becoming clearer and clearer that my elderly neighbor had secrets of his own.

"Well this ought to be good," Officer Richards said, as soon as we were in earshot. Marv laid down on the wet concrete and let out a few high-pitched cries that sounded exactly like a real dog's. This caught Officer Richards' attention. He pointed at the bandages with a pudgy finger. "What happened to him?"

"He was shot." Mr. Saltzman even managed to sound older. "There were two men hiding up in the old cabin. Murray here must've scared them because we heard the shot and saw two men run out the cabin and into the woods. Jackson tried to stop one of them, but he got punched in the face."

"Can you describe these men?" the Latina officer asked, after taking note of the huge lump on my face.

Mr. Saltzman spoke up again. "None of us really got a good look at them, but from what I could tell they're both Caucasian, about six feet tall, wearing jeans and dark jackets, and they're both very dirty."

"How long ago did this happen?" Officer Richards asked while his partner called for backup.

"Around twenty minutes ago," Mr. Saltzman said. "They left in a hurry, so they're probably deep into the mountains by now. I think they were headed east."



"And why were you out in the woods in the first place?" I did my best to pretend I didn't notice the big cop's pointed glare at me. "Haven't you heard there's a mountain lion on the loose?"

"It's all my fault." Mr. Saltzman fell into an unnerving coughing fit and pounded his chest. It was so convincing that I wasn't entirely sure if it was an act or not. Once he had composed himself he continued. "I asked Jackson and Shannon to help me find Murray after he got loose and ran into the woods."

When the female officer returned, I checked her badge and saw her last name was Velasquez. "I thought you only have one dog. Is this a new one or are you dog sitting for someone?"

"Murray is Graham's brother." Mr. Saltzman pointed to them, as if to bring attention to all of their similarities. "Murray's owner died recently and left him to me. I think Murray escaped and went looking for him, poor thing." The old man shook his head; he was really pouring it on. "I need to get him to the vet and get him patched up."

Officer Richards nodded, but there was no sympathy in the gesture. A vein on his forehead was throbbing something fierce. "We can call someone to come pick him up if that makes it easier for you."

"I can manage." It was the familiar crotchety tone I was accustomed to hearing from Mr. Saltzman. It was both forceful and challenging, as if he dared you to contradict him.

Officer Richards backed off. "Suit yourself." He turned to address Shannon and me. It was obvious he didn't want to deal with us. "We're going to need statements from both of you as well." I couldn't help but notice every time he looked at me he automatically scowled and that the thick vein in his forehead began to throb.

Mr. Saltzman shook his head. I wasn't sure what it meant, but I had the feeling he was advising me to say as little as possible and stick to the account he had provided. The more I thought about it, the more in awe I was of the old man. He'd fabricated a plausible story out of thin air.

"I need Shannon's help getting Murray to the vet, is that all right?"

"Yes." Officer Richards wasn't happy about it. "Make sure he comes right back here when you're done."

"Do you mind if we load him up in your car?" It wasn't so much a request as a command.

Shannon nodded. He looked dazed. I wasn't sure if it was the pot still in his system, shock, or a combination of both. Marv slowly got up and whined a little more. His fur was covered in blood. The rain was making the wound appear worse than it was; at least that's what I hoped. He gave me one last look of concern before he climbed into the back seat.

"I'll drive," Mr. Saltzman said. "I need you to stay in the back seat with Murray." Shannon nodded again and climbed in after Marv. Graham climbed into the front seat, and I ran forward to close the car door. Mr. Saltzman gave me a final grave look before he backed up and drove out of view.

I assumed I was going to get grilled right away, but the officers ignored me for the time being. A second patrol car pulled up onto our street followed by several more. In total, the final count was five patrol cars, one fire engine, a helicopter, and probably even a partridge in a pear tree. No one appeared to be in any particular hurry to go into the woods. Amy's dad came over and said hi to me. He was a tall imposing man who always made me feel like a small child, but he was very nice.

"Why don't you go inside and change into some dry clothes," he suggested.

When I walked back onto the patio I saw a helicopter circling overhead around the area where the cabin was located. I watched as the circles it made grew wider and wider, covering a larger area.

Even though my quiet street had been thrown into chaos, I couldn't help but feel disappointed. A scene like this was definitely more exciting on TV. In reality the cops didn't run around shouting orders at each other. Nor did they rush into action at the first sign of danger. An organized group of about seven cops finally started to make their way across the field. I was surprised to see that Officer Richards was among them. He didn't strike me as someone who was particularly brave or fit enough to go hiking in the woods.

Officer Velasquez sat down next to me on the patio steps. She waited until the helicopter looped away from us before she spoke. "Do you feel up to giving me a description of the two men?"

I told her that I was and did my best to give her as much information as possible without making it obvious that Mr. Saltzman had lied. I figured I could always say I had better eyesight if asked. The man who had attacked me quickly came to life on the sketchpad. Her brushstrokes were quick but certain. She was also very good at correcting a particular feature I pointed out. She asked me a lot of questions, and even repeated some of them in different ways. I wasn't sure if she was trying to catch me in a lie or simply prodding me to remember something new. I stuck to Mr. Saltzman's script to the letter. Jesse would've been proud.

"If there's anything else you remember, give me a call at this number." She handed me a card. "We've already called your aunt to let her know you're safe."

As if on cue, my aunt's car turned onto our street. I would've rather faced my attacker again than have to answer to her. She pulled into the driveway with a screech and hopped out of the car. Her eyes were slits. My throat went very dry. Officer Velasquez stood up and joined some of her fellow officers. I almost wanted to pull her back and use her as a shield.

"What am I going to do with you?" She was so angry she was almost entirely out of breath. "What part of keep out of the woods do you not understand?"





CHAPTER ELEVEN


In all the years we'd been neighbors, I'd never been inside Mr. Saltzman's house. It was smaller than my aunt's house, but it was very tidy and uncluttered. Except for a flat-screen TV, and a laptop sitting on the coffee table, all the furniture appeared to be at least thirty years old. But it was the type of old that had a worn, comfy look to it.

"Hey Jackson." Marv and Graham were sitting on the couch watching TV. Well, Marv was watching TV while Graham nervously glanced from me back to the large dog taking up most of the space on the couch. Marv was still in dog form for some reason. "Wow, you look like shit."

I had a huge purple bruise on my face where I'd gotten punched. My body felt like it had been tied up to the back of a racecar and dragged around the track for 500 laps. I had bags under my eyes from lack of sleep, and my aunt had basically extended my punishment well into next summer. Shit didn't even begin to describe the way I was feeling at the moment.

"Why haven't you changed back?" I asked.

Marv nodded to Mr. Saltzman who had just taken a seat in an old recliner. "He thinks it's best for me to remain like this in case the cops parked in front of your house decide to come over."

I was about to squeeze between Marv and Graham when I noticed Marv's doggy bits were exposed. "Umm," I waved in the general direction of his crotch, trying not to blush. "Maybe you should, you know, cover up or something."

Marv glanced down and tried to cover himself up with his paws. When that failed he grabbed one of the throw pillows on the couch and used it to cover himself up. Once satisfied that he wasn't flashing the whole room he looked up and caught me staring. "Stop trying to get a peak at my junk."

"I'm not," I protested.

"You're the one who pointed it out," he argued.

"I was doing it to be polite," I countered. "Would you have preferred for me to just let you sit there with all of your bits and bobs hanging out?"

"What are you trying to say?" he demanded. "Are you suggesting that I'm small?"

"Boys!" Mr. Saltzman slammed his hand against the arm of the leather recliner. "I need the two of you to focus."

"Ask him how he knew about me," Marv said.

"How did you know Marv was human?" I asked, sitting down next to Marv. "And how did you know I could understand him? And why aren't you more freaked out about all of this?"

He nodded three times, as if ticking each question off in his head. "I knew something was up when I saw you walk out of the woods in mid air and climb into your bedroom window. Then yesterday, I saw the three of you casually chatting in the orchard."

My mouth dropped open. "You saw that?"

"Of course I did, it was the middle of the day. I may be old but I'm not blind. Both of you," he pointed a crooked yet steady finger at each of us in turn, "need to start being more discreet. Now, it'll be easier if I start from the beginning."

Mr. Saltzman let out the type of sigh only a person past a certain age could produce. "Years ago, I was probably just a few years older than you are now," he nodded at me, "I enlisted in the army. I joined to get away from my old man. He was a mean son-of-a-bitch, and I didn't want to grow up to be like him. I also didn't really have a whole lot of opportunities open to me at the time and had no interest in settling down, so military life suited me well.

"After I retired, I bounced around from city to city and job to job, finally landing in Kane where I worked as a late night security guard at a bank. It was boring work, but it paid the bills. One night after work I was driving down Old Mill Road when this thing shot out in front of my car. I must've been doing seventy when I hit it. It flew through the air, crashed onto the concrete, and got right back up. It came straight at me, so I pulled my gun out of the glove compartment and unloaded the entire clip into it.



"I was surrounded by government personnel within a minute or two of shooting it down. One moment there was no one on the road, and the next it was swarming with scientists in white lab coats and men dressed in riot gear carrying AR-15s. Before I could ask any questions they placed a hood over my head and threw me into the back of a van. I was held and questioned in a tiny room for hours. To be honest, I didn't think I was ever going to see the light of day again, so I was surprised when they ended up offering me a job. Actually, I really didn't have much of a choice in the matter. I'd seen too much. But the money was three times more than I was earning at the bank, so I took it."

He paused to take a sip of his coffee and stared off into space for a moment. Whatever he was reliving must have been traumatic because he shook the images out of his head and asked, "Have you ever been to Kane Medical Center?"

Marv and I nodded. My parents used to work there before they were killed in a car accident. I went there once after Tanner broke his leg. I didn't really remember any of it because I was only two at the time, but the story had been retold so often that I felt like I did.

"Deep below the hospital there used to be a top-secret military instillation known as Hanger 11. The hospital was built on top of it to make it easier for the scientists who worked there to come and go without being noticed or questioned."

"Hold on," I interrupted. "How would other doctors and nurses not notice? It's not like Kane has a huge population."

"They did notice, but all of the scientists who worked there lived here in Stanley. It was done on purpose to keep the two staffs from bumping into each other around town. The regular hospital staff were told that the people they saw coming and going on a daily basis were working on a government-funded project trying to come up with a vaccine for the common cold. It was a good enough cover that no one ever bothered with them."

"I don't suppose you ever met my parents?" I asked. "Both of them were doctors and worked at the hospital."

Mr. Saltzman sighed again. Only this time, there was a heavy sadness to it that somehow made me feel sad as well. "As a matter of fact, I did. They were good people." He looked over at Marv. "I met your father as well. All three of them were working together at Hanger 11."

It was shocking news. I'd always believed that my parents had just worked at the hospital. I never imagined that they were part of some secret military project.

Marv and I looked at each other. The Great Dane seemed just as surprised by the news. "Ask him if he knows what they were working on."

I translated again. Mr. Saltzman peered at us with a severity that made me squirm. "I don't have all of the answers, but I do have something to show you. To be clear, once you see this there can be no going back, so I want you to be absolutely certain that you want to know the truth."

His words frightened me more than anything else had in the last couple of days. Somewhere in the back of my mind I knew that everything I'd grown up believing about my parents was about to change. If I left now, I could continue to keep what I knew about them intact. My throat tightened up and I fought to keep the waterworks at bay.

"I need to know the truth," Marv said. "Don't you?"

I nodded, not trusting myself to keep it together. Mr. Saltzman pulled a flash drive out of his pocket and slipped it into the laptop's USB port before handing it to me.

I placed it on my lap and clicked the flash drive icon. There was a video file on it but nothing else. Marv leaned in as I clicked the video and hit play.

The footage was in black and white. Whoever was recording the video was standing about ten feet away from two large cages. There was a frail naked boy in one of the cages who couldn't have been more than ten-years-old. The other cage contained a medium-sized bobcat. Both cages were set dangerously close to one another. The boy's head was sticking out between the bars, and he was focusing all of his attention on the bobcat. The wild animal could have easily taken a swipe at him and caused major damage.



My heart rate sped up. I willed the boy to move away from the bars, but the two of them appeared to be locked in what could only be described as a staring contest. With no warning at all, the boy fell forward. His entire body convulsed violently. His back arched further than what was humanly possible as fur began to shoot out of his chest and arms. His legs shortened and his fingers retracted into his knuckles. The shape of his head reconfigured. His blond hair was sucked back into his head and grew darker. His ears stretched up. His nose flattened out and grew wider. His neck elongated. His shoulders vanished under thick fur. He shifted from boy to bobcat in a matter of seconds.

This agitated the real bobcat, which began pacing around its cage. The newly formed bobcat sat down on its haunches and seemed to be listening intently. There was no sound, so I could only guess what was being said. After a while he deliberately performed several tricks, which included rolling over, briefly standing on his hind legs, running around in two complete circles clockwise and five circles counter-clockwise, and pouncing toward each corner of the cage. Once he had finished, he calmly sat back down.

A man walked into view and stopped a safe distance between him and the cage. He crouched down and held something out for the bobcat to examine. I couldn't make out what it was, but the bobcat started shaking. Its head slowly transformed back to the boy's head, but then the transformation stopped. The animal with the human head took a few steps back before collapsing. The doctor turned around and motioned towards someone off camera.

Marv gasped. "That's my dad. Why the fuck is he doing that to that little boy? What kind of sick fucking fuck?"

I was about to pause the video when I saw two familiar people rush onto the screen. I felt lightheaded as I watched my mom unlock the cage and my dad run in holding a large needle that he stuck into the back of the creature's neck. He wrapped it in a robe and hurried out. I barely caught a glimpse of his face before he stepped out of frame. My mom turned to face the camera. I had only ever seen her looking happy in our collection of pictures and videos. I didn't know how to read this new expression. Was it fear? Disgust? Anger? Shame?

The video footage cut to another room. I wanted to rewind it. I wanted to convince myself that the expression on my mom's face mirrored my own feelings of horror.

"Don't." It came out as a growl, but I understood what Marv said.

There were panels of bright floodlights all around this new room, but not much else to look at. I waited for the bobcat with the boy's head to enter, but he didn't. I was about to ask what we were supposed to be looking for when I saw a slight shimmer in the center of the room. The air moved in waves similar to heat coming off of hot pavement. The waves started to take shape and a boy slowly materialized out of thin air.

"No way," Marv whispered.

There was a moment when the boy still had a translucent quality before he became undeniably solid. He looked directly into the camera with a coldness of emotion that didn't seem possible in someone so young. And then he vanished in less than a blink of an eye.

The video footage cut to another room. There were armed guards standing in a circle around a little girl with pigtails. She was even younger than the first two boys. I guessed her to be around six-years-old. There was a barbell placed in front of her. It was loaded with forty-five pound plates stacked all the way to the end on both sides. The little girl bent over, grabbed the barbell with both hands, and lifted it directly over her head.

Marv and I gasped. It just wasn't possible. I stared at the screen harder, as if it would somehow prove that my eyes were playing tricks on me. The little girl let one hand drop. She shimmied her feet in a small circle around herself while keeping the barbell directly over her head. She might as well have been holding a balloon.

She let the barbell drop to the ground, creating a deep crack in the cement. The little girl stood still as she listened to someone off screen. Every once in a while she moved her mouth.

A man wearing a ski mask slowly crept in from behind. He was carrying a baseball bat that was casually resting on his shoulder. He stopped just a few feet behind the oblivious girl, lifted the bat up, and twisted backward. Marv and I shouted out when he swung it directly at her head. The bat shattered in several pieces, raining splinters all over the girl and the concrete floor. She didn't so much as wince.

The screen went black. The stunned silence that followed was only broken when Mr. Saltzman's cell phone began to vibrate and move across the coffee table. I felt like I was going to be sick.

"This is a very important call," he said hurriedly, "one that I need to take in order to answer all your questions." Mr. Saltzman picked up the call and hurried out of the room, closely followed by Graham.

"What the fuck was that?" Marv jumped off of the couch and paced back and forth. "Why would our parents do all that sick shit to those little kids? He needs to explain that bullshit."

"You heard him just now." Marv was getting riled up; so I tried to calm him down for both our sakes. "I don't think he has all the answers."

"What if he's lying?" Marv said, "What if he's one of bad guys and he's on the phone selling us off to the government right now?"

"If that's the case he could've just called them as soon as he knew about either of us."

The urge to see my parents again was too overwhelming. I picked up the laptop, ignoring Marv's protests, and found the point where they entered the lab. I watched my dad inject the bobcat with the boy's face and saw my mom hand him a robe. Her lab coat was unbuttoned; I couldn't believe I hadn't noticed it the first time. I rewound the footage once more and paused. There was no denying it. My mom was pregnant.





CHAPTER TWELVE


My hands were shaking. The walls felt like they were closing in. The room began to spin. I dropped the laptop on the couch and ran out the front door. I barely made it down the stairs before collapsing in front of Mr. Saltzman's flowerbed, where I proceeded to unload my entire breakfast.





"Gross, dude," I heard Marv say from somewhere behind me.

My mom had always worn her hair long. I knew this from the various pictures I'd seen. I also knew that she had cut it off right around the time Tanner had broken his arm, which meant that she'd been pregnant at the time of the car accident. Why hadn't anyone told me? Surely, my aunt would have known.

I felt angry and afraid, confused and tired. I crawled away from the mess I'd made, hugged my knees into my chest, and sobbed for several minutes. I had never felt so overwhelmed in my life. All I could think about were the children in cages and the fact that our parents had allowed it to happen.

When I was finally able to compose myself, I noticed Marv sitting just a few feet away from me, looking off into the distance. He had that lost expression dogs get when they don't know quite what to do.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"Not really. I feel like everything I've ever known about my parents is one big lie. Watching our parents do horrible experiments on those kids like it was nothing." I pushed the images out of my head for fear of getting sick again. "How could they?"

"They didn't want to, but they had no other choice," Mr. Saltzman said from the patio. "They realized it was the only way they could help protect those kids. Believe me, had it not been for them, the experiments would have been much worse. Your parents weren't the bad guys in all of this. They were just trying to do their best in a horrible situation." He walked down the stairs and disappeared around the side of the house before he came back carrying a garden hose.

I felt a pang of guilt and stood up. "I can clean that up."

"It's fine," he waved me off. "I was in the military. A little vomit isn't going to send me over the edge."

"Uh, that reminds me," Marv said, he'd been watching Graham do his business next to the large tree in the middle of the yard, "I think I may have to go. Like, sooner rather than later."

I wasn't quite sure how to respond. "Do you use the toilet, or—"

"Do I look like someone who can squat over a toilet?"

"Well, I hope you don't expect me to take you on a walk and clean up after you."

"Don't be ridiculous. Just ask him where I can go."

Mr. Saltzman pointed to the back of the house. "Another fun mess I'm going to have to clean up. He practically ate everything in the refrigerator this morning."

"Yeah, he does that." I shrugged, feeling guilty about all of the work we were creating for him.

He'd just finished washing away the last of my vomit when I heard someone call my name. Mr. Saltzman shut the garden hose off. "Did you hear that?"

"Jackson, I need your help!"

I ran to the back of the house and found Marv using one of the bigger trees to hide behind. He was human again and completely naked. I ran into the house and returned with the throw blanket I grabbed off the couch.

"Thanks," he said, wrapping himself up.

"What happened? How did you turn back?"

"Not now, I still have to go." He took off at a run and cleared all five steps leading to the back door. A dozen seconds later I heard a door slam shut from somewhere inside the house.



"Well, at least that's one less thing I have to worry about before I go," Mr. Saltzman said from the back entrance.

"Go where," I asked startled. "We still have a bunch of questions."

"I know," he said, "and I promise you'll get a lot of them answered, but I can't go into any more detail just yet. In the meantime, the two of you need to make sure you don't draw any more attention to yourselves. I can't emphasize enough just how dangerous this situation truly is."

"But—" I began to protest.

He cut me off. "I need you to watch Graham while I'm gone. He eats twice a day. You can feed him before you go to school and at night around five or six. The food is in the pantry. One can of dog food and two scoops of the dry stuff. Make sure to keep his water dish full. Graham thinks he's a cactus. Make sure you also take him out in the morning before you feed him and once at night after he's eaten. The spare key is under the cookie jar." He handed me a slip of paper with a phone number in spidery writing. "Call me on my cell if you have any questions."

My head was spinning from all the instructions he'd just thrown at me. I'd never taken care of anyone's pet before, especially one the size of a pony. Mr. Saltzman walked to the living room, opened the small closet door by the entrance, and pulled out a small carry-on bag.

"Graham!" The dog was sniffing the rose bush where I'd thrown up and happily bounded up the stairs and into the house. "He'll be fine once I'm out of the driveway." He shut the door, leaving me with the huge dog.

Graham looked up at me with what I thought considered to be a million doggy questions. As soon as he heard the car start up, he ran to the window and poked his head between the curtains. He let out two loud barks as he watched the car pull out.

"Great, just great," I said to no one in particular.

I went upstairs to check on Marv and heard the shower running. Why in the world was he taking a shower? Had everyone lost their minds in the last couple of minutes? I stood in the hallway feeling completely exasperated with everyone inside and outside of the house.

I didn't want to go snooping around Mr. Saltzman's house, but I figured Marv would need a change of clothes, so I tried the door next to the bathroom. It was locked, which I found rather odd. Why would Mr. Saltzman have a locked door in his own home, especially since he lived alone? I ran downstairs and retrieved the spare key from the cookie jar, but it didn't fit. I turned the doorknob foolishly, as if it would magically unlock. I also tried to force my way in by using my shoulder as a battering ram, but all I did was hurt myself.

The door at the end of the hallway was also closed, but it was unlocked. Mr. Saltzman's room was very tidy, if not a little bare. I found a pair of drawstring flannel bottoms and a large T-shirt and left them folded in front of the bathroom door. Then I called Shannon who picked up on the fifth ring.

"Hello?" There was no doubt in my mind that I'd just woken him up.

"Hey, it's Jackson. Listen, I was wondering if you could bring Marv a change and clothes and a pair of shoes. We're at Mr. Saltzman's house."

There were a few seconds of silence and an intake of breath. "Oh, hey, Jackson. Is everything okay?"

"Everything is fine, but Marv needs a change of clothes and a pair of shoes," I repeated, just in case he was high. "Can you get that for him and head over here right now?"

"Yeah, man."

"Do you remember where I live?"

"Yeah, on that creepy street with the two houses."



"That's the one. We're at the first house on the block, not the second."

"Oh wait, my mom borrowed my car this morning. I don't know when she's going to get back."

I wanted to reach into the phone and knock him upside the head. "Text me as soon as she gets back."

"Okay." I had the sneaking suspicion he had fallen back to sleep as soon as he hung up.

I walked back into Mr. Saltzman's bedroom and looked out the window. I was directly over the kitchen. I ran downstairs and out the back door. I spotted the window to his bedroom and made my way around the side of the house until I found the window to the locked bedroom. The window next to it was smaller and had steam coming out of it, which was undoubtedly the bathroom.

From where I was standing I could see that the cop car was no longer in front of our house. The driveway was still empty, which meant Tanner hadn't come home from spending the night at his friend's. Mr. Saltzman's warning to lay low reverberated in my head, but my curiosity won out.

"Okay," I lifted my arms above my head, "you've got this." I bent my knees and counted down from three. I pushed off of the ground and jumped about three inches into the air before my feet hit the ground again. I shook my arms and legs out. "It was only the first attempt. You just need to concentrate a little harder." Saying the words out loud made it feel more like a legitimate pep talk.

I closed my eyes and stilled my thoughts. I tried to recall the sensation I had when I'd levitated. Once I thought I'd tapped into the feeling, I raised my arms above my head and pushed off the ground again. The second attempt was slightly better than the first, but not by much. I threw caution to the wind and just started jumping up and down over and over again.

"What the hell, Jackson? Are you having a seizure? And where's Mr. Saltzman?" Marv asked, catching me mid-jump. I was so startled that I practically twisted my ankle when I landed. He was wearing the clothes I'd laid out, but they were way too tight on him.

"I was just trying something," I muttered, looking up. The window was a million miles away, taunting me. "Hey, do you think there might be a ladder around here somewhere?"

Marv frowned. "What are you going on about?" He looked up at the window.

"The room is locked. Don't you think that's a little weird?"

"Weirder than anything we've seen in the past hour?" He had a point.

Something caught my eye over Marv's right shoulder. It was Graham. He was sniffing around the orchard about thirty feet away. I called out to him, which made him look up. But then he charged in the opposite direction.

"Goddammit," I shouted, taking off after him.

"Are you going to tell me what the hell is going on," Marv shouted after me.

Chasing after Graham was definitely the wrong decision. It put him in a playful mood, which only made him run further away. I was guessing he didn't get chased much by Mr. Saltzman. He stopped every time I called his name, ears all perked up, but the moment I started to close in on him, he'd take off again. We ran all the way to my house and looped back around it before he barreled back home again. Marv appeared out of nowhere and grabbed him by the collar. They struggled for a bit, but Marv was finally able to drag him back into the house.

My phone buzzed in my back pocket. I pulled it out hoping it was a text from Mr. Saltzman, but it wasn't.

You're late .

You're late Crap. I had totally lost track of the time. I responded to my aunt with an apology, typing as fast as my fingers would move. She did not like to be kept waiting. I explained that I had some homework to do before meeting up with Jesse and that Mr. Saltzman had come over asking me to look after Graham.



The little bubble letting me know she was composing a text popped up. I hurried back to the house, anxiously waiting for a response.

Get here as soon as you can. Homework or not, I still expect you to do your four hours of punishment.

Get here as soon as you can. Homework or not, I still expect you to do your four hours of punishment. "This dog is ridiculously strong," Marv groused. "I don't know how that old man does it."

"Yeah, well, I'm going to have to look after him because Mr. Saltzman took off while you were in the bathroom." I made no effort to hide the resentment in my voice.

"Where the hell did he go?"

"He didn't say."

"And you didn't think to ask him?"

"All he said was he's going to get us answers. And then he left me in charge of this pony."

"Dude," he threw his arms in the air, "what is wrong with you? You just let him go?"

"Maybe if you hadn't been taking a bubble bath you could've stopped him," I shot back.

"First of all, I was taking a shower because if you hadn't noticed I've been various animals for the last day. Trust me when I say that a shower was the most important thing on my list. Besides, I didn't think you would let him just walk out the door with no explanation."

"It's not like I had a choice in the matter." I was growing extremely frustrated. "Look, he promised he's going to have answers for us and he also told us to lay low. He obviously knows what he's talking about, so I think we should do what he says."

Marv began to pace around the room. I noticed a small patch of blood on his shoulder spreading out and seeping through his T-shirt. "You're bleeding," I said. "Let me see if I can find something that will stop it." I went into the upstairs bathroom and found an old first aid kit. I came back with a large patch of gauze and some medical tape. "Here, I'll tape you up."

Marv reached for the tape and gauze. "I'll do it."

"Don't be stupid, you can't even reach the spot."

"I'll take care of it." He grabbed the items out of my hands, practically breaking my fingers in the process.

It pissed me off. "It's because I'm gay, isn't it? You think I want to see you naked or something."

"That's exactly it," he snapped back.

It was incredibly humiliating. Tears stung my eyes. I charged out of the house before I could break down again, slamming the door closed behind me, and stormed back home. I stuffed my work clothes and Spanish book into my makeshift backpack, but I was so angry I ended up having to run back into my room several times to grab things I'd forgotten. When I walked outside, Marv was sitting on the top step of our porch.

The last thing I wanted to do was talk, but I couldn't leave Mr. Saltzman's house unlocked. "Here," I handed him the spare key. "I called Shannon. He says he can pick you up as soon as his mom gets back with the car. Lock up when you leave Mr. Saltzman's house and put the key under the mat."

He took the key without protest. "Jackson, wait."

I kept walking down the stairs. "I need to get to work," I said in the coldest tone I could manage.

Marv jumped in front of me and blocked my path. For a second I thought he was going to hit me, but then he held up the gauze and tape for me to grab. "Can you patch me up before you go?"

"Can't you ask Shannon? I'm sure he won't ogle you when you take your shirt off."

"Look," he lowered his gaze towards the pavement, "I'm sorry. It's just, I don't want anyone to know."

"Know what?" I spat out.

He shook his head. "Not out here."

"Fine." I grabbed the tape and gauze from him and followed after him, stomping up the stairs hard as I could.

Marv shut the door behind him and stood there for a few awkward moments before he slowly peeled the shirt off. His upper body was covered in bruises of various shades. Some were old and had almost vanished while others were a violent shade of purple. He also had several deep scars and what appeared to be burn marks all over his back.

"It's not because you're gay," he said quietly, "it's just that I didn't want you to see the bruises and scars."

Comprehension slowly dawned on me. He'd said he turned into a velociraptor during a confrontation with his stepdad. The bruises on his body weren't just from yesterday. It was obvious most of them were much older.

He didn't say anything while I patched him up. Once I was done he sat down on the couch and avoided looking at me.

"Does anyone know?"

"Only my mom." It was unsettling to see someone as confident as Marv looking so diminished and ashamed. I could almost see the scared little boy inside.

"Why don't you tell someone?"

"It wouldn't make a difference. Besides, if I don't let him beat me, he'll just take it out on her." He wiped a tear off his cheek. "It's better this way."

"That's not right," I said, feeling angry at the situation. "I don't understand why your mom doesn't put a stop to it."

"My mom," he raised his voice, his hands were shaking, "is an alcoholic. Ever since my dad died she's stopped caring about everything but gin. She's worse than useless. Sometimes I wish she would just die. At least then I could just leave and never have to deal with him again." He slouched over and buried his head in his hands. His body began to shake. I sat down next to him and gently put my hand on his shoulder. He let out a gut-wrenching sob that broke my heart.





CHAPTER THIRTEEN


I was still angry on Marv's behalf an hour later and took out my rage on the bathroom toilet while I scrubbed it. My brain also hadn't stopped spinning with questions. Why had my mom's pregnancy been kept from us? I wanted to confront my aunt about it, but then I would have had to explain how I'd come by that information. My instinct told me that I should speak to Tanner first and see what he knew. By the time Jesse arrived, I still owed my aunt an hour of work, but she must have sensed my bad mood because she agreed to let me make it up later.

Jesse was busy typing when I sat down and joined him. He'd sent me a message earlier letting me know that Wendy was going to be a little late. He openly peered at my face for a few seconds. As someone who I suspected wore makeup on occasion, I knew Jesse could see where I had applied some of my aunt's concealer to hide the large purple bruise on my cheek. It was still somewhat swollen, but I thought I'd done a pretty good job of covering it up. I decided to pretend like nothing was wrong.

"So," he said slowly, not shifting his focus from my cheek, "did you have an eventful night?"

The cops had made us promise not to tell anyone about the men in the woods. They were afraid it would set off a panic if the news got out. I couldn't really blame them for their precaution; the people in our town were total gun nuts. If anyone got wind that two armed men were wandering around, the scared inhabitants would arm themselves like it was the apocalypse and probably end up shooting some innocent bystander.

"Nothing too exciting," I replied casually. I sensed he was giving me an opening to spill my guts, but there was no way I was going to delve into that particular conversation.

"Things are getting really weird around here," he said tentatively. "There's a rumor going around town that two armed men are hiding somewhere in the woods. People are saying there was some sort of confrontation out by the abandoned cabin. Do you know anything about that? Did you hear anything? You live around there, don't you?"

I kept my face composed, but his rapid-fire questions just about made my heart stop. My brain worked triple time trying to come up with a reasonable explanation until I realized I didn't need to provide one. In fact, the more I feigned ignorance the easier things would go.

"Oh," I lifted my eyebrows, trying to convey surprise, "I didn't hear anything."

"Really?" He didn't seem convinced by my response. "Because I heard your street was swarmed with cops."

"Oh, is that why they were there?" I channeled every ditzy character I'd ever seen in movies and TV. "They told us they were doing some sort of emergency drill up in the woods. I figured it had something to do with that mountain lion they still haven't caught yet." I was about to switch topics when I had a realization. "How did you hear about it?"

Jesse gave a non-committal shrug and flipped through his notes. "Just something I heard."

As far as I knew, Jesse didn't have any family that worked in law enforcement. It was my turn to examine him closely. The more I stared, the more he fidgeted. His blue eyes darted back and forth, landing on nothing in particular but avidly avoiding me. Jesse clearly knew more than he was letting on. I wanted to grill him on where he'd gotten his information, but I worried I might incriminate myself in the process so I let it drop.

"So..." he must've had a similar thought because he shifted the conversation onto something else. "What did you think of the dinosaur video?"

"THE WHAT?!?!" I was completely caught off guard. My outburst was so loud that a few heads turned in our direction. It's a good thing my aunt wasn't in earshot or she probably would have added another month to my punishment for disturbing the peace.



"Haven't you seen it yet?" he asked. "It's all over social media."

He pulled up a website on his laptop and slid it over to me. It was a local blog that usually reported the mundane goings on in the town. Although it usually focused on local city council decisions, garage sales, or who was getting married to whom, the blog had grown hugely popular during the days that Marv had been missing. The top headline read: DINOSAUR SPOTTED IN KANE?!?! I clicked the video below the headline, trying my best to ignore the sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach.

DINOSAUR SPOTTED IN KANE?!?! DINOSAUR SPOTTED IN KANE?!?! The clip started off shaky and out of focus. The guy recording the video was mid-sentence, incoherently cussing up a storm. The picture was completely washed out before it darkened again, revealing a street I instantly recognized. It was the same one we had driven down when we had dropped Marv off by the woods.

He cut across a yard and shot out into a narrow alley. "Holy shit!" the man shouted. "Did you see that?"

Cold panic washed over me. The image was a little blurry, but I caught a quick glimpse of Marv's long tail about half-a-block-away before it quickly whipped out of sight. The guy tried to follow him, but by the time he was able to get to the spot where Marv had turned the corner, the supposed dinosaur was long gone. I rewound the footage and paused at the exact moment his tail was in the frame. I wondered if someone could zoom in on the image. Would it still look like a tail or would it be nothing more than elongated pixels?

There were over a hundred comments under the video, which I quickly scrolled through. Most people thought the video was a fake or some sort of prank, but there were a few dissenters who suggested that the proper authorities should be informed.

"It looks fake." My voice came out tight and unnatural.

He studied me for a moment. I tried not to squirm. "Tell me the truth," he leaned in closer, "do you know anything about this?"

"Why would you ask me such a stupid question?" I said defensively. "Like I even care about some dumbass prank."

It was exactly the wrong way to play it. Judging from his reaction and body language I knew that I had hurt his feelings. He pulled his laptop back and handed me some papers without looking at me. I flipped through them and saw that he had basically finished the rest of our presentation and had highlighted all of my lines. I felt like an epic ass.

"Seriously," I said, trying to sound both reasonable as well as a little apologetic, "you don't really believe a dinosaur is somehow alive and roaming the earth after millions of years of being extinct. I mean, think about it for a second, there wouldn't just be one, there would have to be others as well. There's no possible way they could've gone all this time without being seen by anyone until now."

He didn't look at me when he spoke. "I wasn't suggesting the footage was real. I just figured since your brother is on the football team you knew something, but we don't have to talk about it since it bothers you so much."

I felt foolish. It was exactly the sort of stupid prank the football players would engage in to kick off the season. "It's just that, we're not all that close. Once, I overheard him telling his friend that he wished he had a straight brother." I don't know why I said it. It was an outright lie. In my attempt to undo the damage I'd done with Jesse, I'd come up with something even worse. I felt awful for throwing Tanner under the bus.

"Oh," he mumbled. "Sorry."

We spent the next two hours rehearsing our dialogue until we were getting through the script without making many mistakes. I felt irked about what I'd said about Tanner and wanted to set the record straight, but I realized I would only lose credibility with him, not to mention look like a compulsive liar.

We were just about finished when Wendy walked into the café. Even though it was a warm afternoon, she was wearing a pair of purple satin gloves, a red hoodie, black tights, white boots, sunglasses, and a scarf. When it came to making weird fashion statements Wendy was in a league of her own.

Jesse leapt out of his chair as soon as he saw her. The two stared at each other for a few seconds before they hugged. "How are you feeling?" he asked.

"Better." She gave his shoulder a quick squeeze and smiled. "Sorry I wasn't able to make it." I noticed that she avoided looking at me, which I found a little insulting.

"Do you mind if we're done for today? I can fill Wendy in on everything she missed." I could tell he wanted to hang out with her.

"I'm good," I said. "I'll text you if I have any questions."

"Great," he said, packing up his stuff quickly. "Don't forget to bring your costume tomorrow."

With everything else going on, I had completely forgotten that he wanted me to wear a suit. I wanted to protest, but I decided to suck it up after snapping at him earlier. I packed up my school stuff, trying not to imagine our classmates' reactions. I could practically hear everyone snickering.

I was straightening the chairs when I noticed a wallet on the floor. I opened it up and saw that it was Jesse's. I was about to text him but figured I could probably just catch up to them. I left my backpack in the kitchen and headed out the back. I was just about to turn out of the alley and onto the side street when I heard Jesse and Wendy arguing.

"I know something is going on but I don't think he's involved," I heard him say.

Although I couldn't see them, their shadows were visible on the ground in front of me. The two were facing each other just a few feet away from where I was standing. If they decided to take a few steps forward towards the alley they would see me standing there. I had all but decided to walk back to the café and just text him when I heard something that sent a chill up my spine.

"Jackson knows something," Wendy said defensively. "Why else were all those cops around his house?"

"He said he thought they were doing some sort of drill," he replied.

"Did he say anything about how he got that bruise on his cheek?"

My mind began to race. What did she think I knew? And how did Wendy know about the bruise on my cheek? She hadn't so much as glanced at me when she had come into the café. I checked to make sure there was no one else in the alley and inched backwards a little, making sure to stay pressed up against the wall.

"Did you even ask him about it?" she asked when he didn't respond. I didn't have to see her face to know she was annoyed with him.

"It would've been awkward. Trust me. He seemed on edge today." There were a few seconds of silence.

Wendy's shadow moved. She looked over her shoulder before she pulled something out of the bag she'd been carrying and handed it to Jesse. I saw one hand shoot up to his mouth at the exact moment that he let out a gasp. He handed whatever it was back to her. The mystery item quickly disappeared back into her purse.

"I found it stuffed at the bottom of his laundry hamper," she said. "The blood on it is still fresh." Jesse let out another gasp. He must've been on the verge of saying something because she continued excitedly. "But listen, that's not even the strangest part. While I was searching his room, I saw Shannon parked at his neighbor's house. And guess who walked out of the house?" Jesse's shadow shrugged. "Marv Morgan."

I felt like I'd been hit by a two hundred foot tsunami. Before I left the house, I had given Marv a clean hoodie and had stuffed Mr. Saltzman's bloodied T-shirt at the bottom of my laundry hamper.

Wendy had the bloodied shirt.

Wendy had seen Marv.

Wendy had been in my room.





CHAPTER FOURTEEN


The thought of someone violating my privacy was overwhelming. The world went topsy-turvy for a second. My terror shifted into an intense anger that bordered on violence. The fast current of emotions caught me off guard. One moment I was about to step around the corner and confront them, and the next I was five feet off the ground.

I immediately spun myself around in mid air, slamming my hands against the wall in an attempt to keep myself from levitating any higher, but it proved to be the wrong maneuver. My hands hit the wall with such force that it propelled me away from it instead. I reached out with outstretched fingers, but the wall was just beyond reach. I was horrified when I realized I could see a little of Wendy's body from where I was hovering. If I moved backward any further, she would definitely see me.

"He did act kinda weird when I showed him the video of that dinosaur prank," Jesse said. "Do you think there's a connection somehow?"

"What video?"

"You haven't seen it yet?"

Their two shadows blended into one as she leaned into him to watch the video. I knew I had about twenty seconds before it was over. I did a quarter turn in the air and sprinted towards the café door. Any moment now a car was going to turn the corner or someone was going to walk into view and see me. Just as I reached the back entrance of the café, the door opened up a crack. I tucked my legs into my chest at the last second and came to a dead stop.

The door swung open and my aunt walked out dragging one of the trashcans from behind the coffee bar. I was in a wild panic as she made her way across the alley to the dumpster. In a last ditch attempt, I straightened my legs, hooked my knees under the doorframe, and pulled myself down hard. The force and speed brought me crashing to the ground. My knees buckled and I tumbled forward. By sheer luck, I was able to throw my hands in front of me at the last second and absorbed the impact. Otherwise, I would have lost a lot of teeth.

"What on earth are you doing on the ground?" I looked up and saw my aunt gaping at me with the dumpster lid halfway open. She let it drop shut and hurried over to me.

It took all my strength to answer. "I tripped."

Wendy and Jesse walked into view. The two saw me on the ground and exchanged meaningful looks. This latest weirdness must have fueled their rapidly growing conspiracy theories about me. I let my aunt help me up to my feet while simultaneously pulling Jesse's wallet out of my pocket.

"You dropped this." I waved it over my head so he could see.

Jesse patted his pockets like people are wont to do when they're searching for something. Wendy took a small step back as I approached them. Had I not heard them discussing me just moments ago, I wouldn't even have noticed. He reached out to take his wallet, but I didn't let go.

"Listen," I addressed Wendy and dropped my voice so only the two of them could hear what I said. "I know you broke into my house and went through my stuff." I let the accusation hang in the air and felt a deep sense of satisfaction when I saw they were visibly startled. "You need to give me back the shirt that you took from my room." I could tell she was about to protest, so I cut her off. "I know it's in your bag." Wendy quickly dug it out and handed it over. I leaned in closer and dropped my voice to a growl. "If you know what's good for you, you'll stay the fuck away from me, my family, and my friends."

There was a metallic taste in my mouth. I don't know if it was the adrenaline coursing through my body, fear, or the threat of something greater that produced it, but it felt like I was watching my life through someone else's eyes. The entire scene felt surreal, yet I could feel my pulse pounding through my body.

All the blood had drained out of Jesse's cheeks and I assumed Wendy's as well; she was too covered up for me to really tell. A malicious smile spread across my face as I let go of the wallet.



Jesse stuffed it in his pocket and the two scrambled away. I made it a point to stand there and watch them leave, a maniacal grin plastered on my face. Jesse glanced back a couple of times, but I didn't waver. My hands were shaking so badly that I actually had to put them behind my back. I stood my ground for another ten seconds after the pair disappeared from view just in case they decided to come back or try anything.

I felt another jolt of shock when I turned around and saw that my aunt was still standing in the alley. She'd watched the entire exchange, but I was certain she hadn't heard any of it. I kept the shirt balled up in my hand as I approached her.

"Jackson," my aunt sounded concerned, "I need to ask you a question and I want you to be honest with me."

Even though I was on the verge of a nervous breakdown, I managed to keep my expression neutral. "Okay, shoot."

"Are you on drugs?" It was such an earnest question that something between a bark and a laugh escaped out of my mouth before I could stop it.

"Oh my god, no. Not at all." She didn't appear convinced, but I couldn't really blame her. My response was so manic it must've come across as insincere and suspicious, so I gave it another shot. "I know things have been a little weird with me lately, but I assure you it's just a string of strange coincidences. Honest. I'll take a drug test if you don't believe me."

That did the trick because I saw her shoulders relax. What she did next was very unlike her; my aunt put her arm around my shoulders and gave me a sideways hug. "You know you can always talk to me if you're in trouble."

After the week I'd had it was a tempting offer, but I don't think her interpretation of "trouble" included me taking to the air at inopportune times or having a friend who could transform into exotic and extinct animals. I gave her a quick squeeze back and thanked her.

The exchange helped calm me down after my confrontation with Wendy and Jesse. I knew that tomorrow was going to be a whole new level of uncomfortable, but I felt a strange sense of peace knowing I had stood up for myself.

I checked in on Graham on the way home. The dog was so happy to see me that he practically knocked me over as soon as I walked into the house. I took him on a walk and was surprised when he didn't try to make a run for it. Maybe he understood that I was his caretaker until Mr. Saltzman came back. It was close to his dinnertime so I filled up his bowl and left him a couple of extra treats to make up for all he'd been through. I slipped out of the house while he was still happily scarfing down his food.

I called Marv the moment I got home and recounted every detail of the conversation I'd had with Jesse as well as everything I'd overheard between Jesse and Wendy.

He let out a long whistle when I was finished. "Are you okay?"

I had to think about it for a moment. In the course of a single day I had experienced the full spectrum of human emotion. I was worn out to the point of exhaustion. "I think I'm mostly scared. How did she know about the bruise on my cheek? And how did she get into my house? And what if she goes to the police and tells them I threatened her?" The possible repercussions of my threat came crashing down on me.

"Everything is going to be fine," he said, trying to reassure me. "She can't go to the police without them finding out she broke into your house, right?"

"I guess, but what if she doesn't stop poking around?"

"I think your threat pretty much put an end to that." He laughed. "I didn't know you had it in you."

"I really don't," I admitted. "It was all a panic-induced act."

"Do you want me to come over for a bit? I can borrow Shannon's car."

Nothing would've made me happier than not having to be alone in an empty house, especially after Wendy had broken into it and gone through my things, but I didn't know when Tanner would be back and thought it would be hard to explain why Marv and I were hanging out. "I think it's better if you stay away for the time being."

Marv made me promise to text him if anything out of the ordinary occurred. I hung up and remained frozen in the middle of the living room for a long time. My house no longer felt like a safe place. A sinister feeling hung in the air that I couldn't shake off. I turned on the television and raised the volume to a level that would have rattled my aunt had she been home. I walked into the kitchen and checked the backdoor. It was locked. I checked all the windows but they were locked as well.

Maybe she picked the lock on one of the doors , I thought . But how did she lock it when she left?

Maybe she picked the lock on one of the doors . But how did she lock it when she left? Even though every fiber of my being was dead set against it, I made my way upstairs. I checked each room as I headed down the hallway, but nothing appeared to be out of place. Not that Wendy would have left a sign out saying she'd broken into the house. When I was done checking the entire second floor, I went back into my room. The hamper was right where I had left it, but now that I knew what to look for it was obvious someone had dug through it.

A cool breeze made the window curtains flutter, catching my attention. The window was wide open. I never opened it all the way because it had a tendency to get stuck. I poked my head out and looked down. There were impressions in the dirt that someone had tried to cover up. I ran back downstairs and searched the area. About ten feet away I found a set of footprints and two solid lines running through the dirt. I followed this deep into the orchard until I spotted a ladder lying on the ground. That's how Wendy must have gotten in my room.

I tried to pick up the ladder, but it was incredibly heavy. I ended up dragging it all the way to Mr. Saltzman's house, intending to leave it locked in there, when I had an idea. Even if I couldn't get in through the window, I could at least take a look and see what was in the locked room.

It took me a few minutes to get it lined up and lean it against the wall. It was so heavy I practically dropped it on top of my head several times. I had no idea how Wendy had managed it on her own, unless she'd had help. I shoved the image aside. One person breaking into my house was more than enough to make me never want to step foot inside it again.

I made sure the ladder wasn't going to slip out from under me and double-checked that there was no one around before I climbed it. The window was covered with a layer of dust, but I wasn't stupid enough to wipe it off. The glare from the setting sun made it hard to see inside, so I cupped my hands on the sides of my face and leaned in as close to the window as possible without touching it. I almost fell off the ladder when I saw a coffin sitting at the opposite end of the room.





CHAPTER FIFTEEN


Five rapid-fire texts woke me from a dead sleep. I couldn't figure out why Amy was asking where I was until I noticed the time. My first class of the day was starting in two minutes. I jumped out of bed and scanned my room, not really knowing what I was supposed to do first. I grabbed some clothes off the floor and sniffed them; I was so disoriented I could neither remember nor discern whether they were clean or dirty. By the time I finished hiding my bruise with concealer, I was officially ten minutes late.

It was only when I was passing Mr. Saltzman's house that I remembered I had to walk and feed Graham. There was no possible way I was going to make it to my first class on time. Graham must have heard me bounding up the porch steps because he was patiently waiting for me by the front door with his leash in his mouth.

Once I had cleaned up after him, we headed back to the house. The TV was still on and two chatty ladies were happily selling pots and pans. I put out his food and refilled his huge water dish, which was almost empty. I gave him a couple of extra treats to keep him entertained before I gave him a quick scratch behind his ear and headed out.

It wasn't until I was locking my bike up at school that I remembered I had forgotten to bring my suit. There was no way I could make it home and back without missing another class. My aunt would already be angry enough with me for having missed the one. Missing a second one was out of the question.

Oh well, they'll just have to deal with it.

Oh well, they'll just have to deal with it. I didn't think he was going to fight me too hard, considering his best friend had broken into my house and the two had discussed it as if it wasn't a big deal. If anything, he was her accomplice and therefore just as guilty. It was bizarre to think that such an idea made me feel so good. My life had really taken a turn.

There were still five minutes left before first period ended. I walked to class with the intention of catching the tail end of it but chickened out at the last second, so I decided to wait for Amy and have her fill me in on what I had missed. I sat down and let my thoughts drift to the events of the previous evening.

Following my discovery, it had taken me less than five minutes before I called Marv to come over. The coffin in the house had totally freaked me out.

"Look, I know it's a little strange, but there's probably a reasonable explanation," Marv said, climbing back down the ladder. "For all we know he could have bought it for himself. In case you hadn't noticed, the man is pretty old."

"What if there's some sort of vampire or monster in there?" The fact that the sun had just set was not lost on me. I watched the window expecting a disfigured creature to come crashing out at any second and swoop down on us with long fangs that would neatly slice our throats.

"Jackson," I could tell he wanted to laugh, "you can't be serious?"

"You can transform yourself into animals, I probably have the ability to fly if I can ever figure out how to do it, and we both saw a little girl break a bat in half with her head and a little boy vanish," I said, ticking each point off on my fingers. "Forgive me if the idea that vampires might be real doesn't seem all that preposterous to me."

He leaned against the side of the house and crossed his arms. "It's just," he tried to suppress a smile and failed, "you're being a bit of a drama queen about all of this."

"Says the guy who just hours ago was a goddamn dinosaur," I snapped back.

"Velociraptor," he corrected with a grin.

"How am I being a drama queen?" I threw my arms into the air, which totally helped prove his point. I shoved my hands in my pockets and spoke in a decisively steady and much lower tone. "The man has a coffin in a locked room. Why would the room need to be locked when no one else lives with him? Who's gonna wander in there, Graham? Besides, what mentally sane person buys their own coffin and keeps it locked in a room in their house? That's just morbid."



He scratched the side of his face and thought for a moment. "He did tell us he doesn't have any family. Maybe he wants to be sure he has his bases covered for when he dies."

"Oh, so all of a sudden you're the voice of reason?" My hands shot out of my pocket and began gesticulating all over the place. Okay, maybe I was a bit of a drama queen.

He held up his arms admitting defeat. "Hey, someone has to be."

Truth be told, Marv wasn't totally off the mark. Mr. Saltzman buying his own coffin did make a twisted sort of sense. What bothered me was how foolish I felt for having asked him to hurry back over in the first place. I should have been able to reason through this myself without losing my wits so completely. But it had already been an incredibly draining day; I guess I just didn't want to be alone.

"What are we going to do about this ladder?" Marv asked. "We can't just leave it out here. What if that girl comes back? You did threaten to kill her after all."

"I did not threaten to kill anyone," I said defensively. Marv was definitely having fun at my expense. "Ha ha, very funny. The drama queen can't tell when someone is pulling his leg."

"Aw, come on. You can't say you don't need a good laugh after the last twenty-four hours? I got shot for God's sake, and I won't even get street cred for it because I can't tell anyone."

"Street cred, seriously?" I rolled my eyes.

"Hey, you don't know me." He moved his arms around like rappers do when they're performing and trying to show how tough they are. "I could be some gangsta drug dealer."

That made me laugh, which took the wind out of his sails, which only made me lose it even harder. Marv was right about one thing. I needed a good laugh.

We decided the most sensible thing to do was to put the ladder in Mr. Saltzman's house. I wanted to leave it in the living room, but Marv insisted we put it away somewhere out of sight. There was a door that led to a small basement with a washer and dryer. It took us almost a full ten minutes to maneuver it out of the narrow staircase and into the room. It was a good thing the walls were concrete down there because I pretty much scraped the shit out of them with the ends of the ladder. Fortunately, we didn't stumble upon any more coffins.

It was dark by the time we got Graham back to the house from his nightly walk. Marv insisted we leave the television on to keep him occupied. It was ridiculous trying to imagine the Great Dane watching TV, but Marv said it was more for the noise and company factor. We ended up having a lively discussion about which of the hundreds of cable channels we should leave on for him. Marv suggested some cooking channel, but I thought it would be cruel to make the dog watch hours upon hours of delicious food being prepared and eaten. We discussed the possibility of a cable news station, but he said that would be too violent and might stress the dog out. We finally settled on one of those shopping networks with happy women selling crappy products to bored people.

We left the stove light on in the kitchen as well as a small table lamp in the living room. We were halfway back to my aunt's house when a car turned onto our street. I immediately recognized Tanner's headlights as they approached. He pulled his truck into the driveway next to Shannon's car, which Marv had borrowed, and hopped out.

"What are you doing here?" Tanner made no secret of the fact that he was super pissed to find Marv back at our house.

"I just stopped by to return the clothes I borrowed." Marv opened the trunk and pulled out the sweats, t-shirt, and sneakers. "I washed everything," he added, as he handed them over, "including the sneakers."

The two faced each other for a moment. I noticed they were both posturing a bit, trying to intimidate one another. Straight guys could be downright weird sometimes. I hoped I wouldn't have to get in the middle of another skirmish, but Tanner accepted the bundle and walked into the house without saying another word.



Marv got in Shannon's car and started the engine. He rolled down the window and smiled. "I'm just gonna put it out there. I think your brother really likes me."

By the time I made it back into the house. Tanner had already shut himself in his room. I lingered in front of his bedroom door for a couple of minutes. I wanted to ask if knew anything about our mom being pregnant, but the timing didn't feel right. Tanner wasn't the type to talk about serious stuff at the drop of a hat. You had to catch him at the right moment. I also wasn't quite sure how I would broach the topic without raising suspicions. He might be a jock, but he definitely wasn't dumb.

The bell rang and students immediately began to pour out of the classroom. There was unmistakable tension in the air. I hoped I hadn't missed a pop quiz.

"Where were you?" Amy asked as soon as she saw me. She seemed pretty stressed out. "Did you hear what happened?"

Oh God, what now? I shook my head.

Oh God, what now? "Someone smashed the glass case in the main hall and broke all of the football trophies. They also drew X's over all the cheerleaders' faces. Everyone is freaking out. They've blocked off the area with police tape and I heard the FBI has been called in to investigate."

Amy pulled up a picture of the crime scene on her phone. There were shards of shattered glass all over the floor and dozens of broken trophies, including the State Champion trophy the football team had won last year. Her fingers zoomed in on the group picture of the cheerleaders and I saw the X's she was talking about. It was chilling to say the least.

"Hey, what happened to your face?"

My hand shot up to my cheek instinctively. "It's no big deal, I fell in the shower and slammed my face against the bathtub."

"Ouch," she said, buying the lie.

Everyone had a difficult time concentrating on schoolwork that morning. Discussions of who the vandal might be broke out in every class. Some people blamed the rival team from Kane High School while others thought it was an inside job. The wrestling team came up over and over again, specifically Alex. He'd been in a terrible mood since Marv had come back. People reasoned if he was unhinged enough to go head to head with a wild mountain lion, he was certainly up for a little vandalism. It was a tense morning.

Principal Martin urged students with any information to come forward during morning announcements. She asked for clearer heads to prevail and for students to keep from jumping to conclusions before she informed us that extra security was being brought in to guard the students while school was in session.

Throughout the morning everyone offered the football players condolences, behaving as if their coach had died or something. The cheerleaders, on the other hand, had become social pariahs. The popular theory circulating around was that the X's meant they were marked for death. No one wanted to be associated with them for fear of getting caught in the crossfire. By the time third period had rolled around, half of the squad had been picked up by their concerned parents and dragged out of school in tears.

Amy, Caleb, his friends, and I were discussing the new turn of events during lunch when Jesse walked up to us. "Uh, hey," he said. "Can we talk?" He could barely summon the courage to look at me. "Er, in private?"

As I was walking away I heard Caleb ask Amy if Jesse and I were dating. I felt my face get hot, but I pretended I hadn't heard anything.

I followed Jesse into the main building. He opened a few classrooms doors and poked his head in before he found one that was empty. He held the door open and waited for me to walk through before he quickly closed it. This behavior was bizarre, even for him. Jesse shoved his hands in his pockets and looked down at his shoes. I recognized the action as one of my own and wondered if it was the go to uncomfortable pose for all gay guys.

"About yesterday," he didn't look up, but his voice was shaking, "in the alley." I listened patiently. I couldn't wait to hear where he was going with this. He glanced around nervously, as if there would suddenly be someone in the room we hadn't noticed. "What Wendy did was wrong. She never should've broken into your house. It's just... she's been having some mental issues lately. I think she might need to see a psychiatrist."

I wasn't sure what I was expecting, but it certainly wasn't this. "What kind of mental issues?"

He shook his head so vigorously I worried he would hurt himself. "I don't want to get into all that. I just wanted to apologize for myself and for her."

There was nothing I wanted more than to press him for details, but he was already close to tears. "Okay," I said. I was going to ask if he was alright, but he really seemed to be on the verge of losing it, and I worried the question would send him over the edge. Instead, I blurted out, "I overslept this morning and forgot to bring my suit."

The costume drama helped snap him out of whatever nervous breakdown was about to occur. "The theater department has a couple of blazers, shirts, and ties they keep around for rehearsals. I bet I can get them to let you borrow something."

"Can we just keep it simple? I think the whole costume thing is going to make me even more nervous."

From the look on his face, you would have thought I had just informed him that I had killed his new puppy. Normally, I would have folded under the pressure of disappointing someone, but this time felt different. I felt different. It was almost like I was a newer, tougher version of myself. I straightened up a little and decided to stand my ground. It was a powerful feeling when I saw him relent. Was that how Tracy Banks felt on a daily basis? I was practically drunk with power.

"Okay then, I'll see you in Spanish class," I said smugly. I turned to walk out and tripped on my undone shoelace.

Oh well, so much for a powerful exit.





CHAPTER SIXTEEN


The classroom was slowly filling up with chattering students. I was astonished to see that a few of them had decided to up their game by adding props to their Spanish presentations. Candice was carrying a comically large and obnoxiously pink sombrero. Perhaps Jesse's suggestion of dressing up like news anchors hadn't been such a bad idea after all.

Jesse walked in carrying a cardboard box. I felt a sting of shame when I noticed he had changed into his suit and tie. He shifted the box to one hand and dropped his phone into the basket. Walking across the room to where I was sitting, he seemed unusually confident. He set the box on top of my desk and said, "Help me drag the big table into the circle, we're going to use it as an anchor desk."

Normally the people making presentations angled their desks to face one another and performed their skits sitting down. Why did everyone all of a sudden have to wear costumes, use props, and have a set? I so didn't need that sort of attention in my life right now.

Begrudgingly, I stood and shoved my desk and the one next to it aside. I helped Jesse drag the heavy table from the back of the room and ended up having to widen the circle in order to get it to fit.

Jesse pulled two coffee mugs out of the box and set one in front of each of us. He slid the box over to me and said, "There's a long-sleeved white shirt, a tie, and a blazer in there. I borrowed them from the drama department. You don't have to wear the clothes if you don't want to, but I figured you'd want the option." He missed my look of utter contempt because he'd begun searching through his bag. "I must have forgotten my notes in my locker," he said—more to himself than to me. Jesse got up to leave right as Tracy walked in followed by Alex Cole. Alex and I locked eyes and he scowled at me.

I was just about to go over the script one final time when I saw Tracy jerk forward violently. Her feet left the floor and her body was airborne for just a second before she collided into the side of a desk. Her face twisted with pain and she made a noise that was something between a yelp and a cry as her shins slammed into the metal section of the attached chair. Both her and the desk tumbled to the ground. The hand that reached out to break her fall hit the floor at an awkward angle. Her wrist immediately bent in the wrong direction with a slight pop. Her other arm didn't reach out fast enough and she slammed her face into the ground. Two pieces of what I thought were small white tiles rolled across the floor. A moment later I realized they were teeth.

Tracy let out a hair-raising scream.

There was a chorus of gasps and several cries of shock. A few people ran out of the room covering their mouths and gagging, while a few others ran forward to help. Someone shouted that they were calling 911. A couple of deeply unsympathetic students had taken out their cell phones and were recording the whole fiasco. The only person who didn't move was Alex, who had turned a sickly shade of green. Mr. Rodriguez ran into the room, saw Tracy on the ground, and pushed him aside as he made his way toward her.





"Go get the nurse," Mr. Rodriguez shouted at the nearest student, who nodded and ran out of the room at once. "Everyone else, grab your things and wait outside!"

Tracy was screaming uncontrollably. Her face was the same shade of red as the waterfall of blood that was pouring out of her mouth. A girl tried to untangle Tracy's feet from the desk and place her in a more comfortable position but was stopped in her tracks by another piercing scream.

"Don't move her!" Mr. Rodriguez barked.

The teacher from across the hall must have heard the commotion because she ran into the room to see what was wrong. She took one look at Tracy and swayed. A guy standing next to her reached out and awkwardly steadied her before she could collapse.



"Come on, let's get out of here," Jesse said, tugging on my arm.

I followed him out of the room, but not before stealing one more glimpse of the grisly scene. My brain was unable to process what had occurred.

We walked out into the hallway and found most of the class huddled in small groups texting or discussing what they had witnessed. A couple of girls were crying, but everyone else just looked mostly shell-shocked. The final bell rang right as the school nurse and the vice-principal came running down the hall followed by the student who had been sent to fetch help.

Jesse walked away from the group as he texted on his phone, which reminded me that I had left mine in class. The vice-principal and school nurse shot into the classroom. I walked in after them and checked the basket, but I couldn't find my phone. I flipped it over and checked each individual phone just to be sure, but none of them were mine. I double-checked my pockets and my backpack, but I didn't have it on me.

"Did anyone grab my phone by mistake," I asked walking back out. I received a few blank stares. "It has an orange cover." More blank stares. "Can everyone please check to make sure you didn't take it by mistake?"

"What's going on?" I turned to see Wendy walking up. She was completely unaware of what had taken place.

"Tracy Banks fell," said the student who had grabbed the nurse. "She's really hurt. There's blood everywhere."

"It looks to me like she got pushed by someone," said Candice, who was pointedly staring at Alex. "No one flies through the air like that when they fall."

"Who was behind her?" Wendy asked casually.

"He was." Candice pointed an accusatory finger at him. There was a round of uncomfortable shifting from several people. Candice appeared to be on the verge of hysteria. "Everyone knows you're a psycho. You trashed the trophy case, didn't you? Didn't you?" She whipped out her phone and punched in three numbers. Everyone was so taken aback that no one moved. "Hello, 911? I'd like to report an attempted murder. My name is Candice. I'm a student at Stanley High School. Yes, his name is Alex Cole."

"He "I didn't push her," he shouted.

"What is going on out here?" The teacher in one of the classrooms down the hall poked her head out.

Candice pointed at Alex. "He tried to kill Tracy Banks! I'm on the phone with 911."

"I didn't do anything," he repeated, "I swear."

Students quickly moved away from him. Alex made the mistake of reaching into his pocket and someone shouted, "He has a gun!"

Pandemonium broke out as everyone scattered and ducked into other classrooms. Campus security must have been alerted about the accident because two of them appeared at the end of the hall. Candice screamed at them to catch him. Alex took off running in the opposite direction with security chasing after him.

It all happened so fast that I hadn't moved from where I was standing. Something was bothering me about Candice's accusation. I'd watched the whole thing happen. Alex hadn't been close enough to push Tracy. But I agreed with Candice about one thing: It did appear as if she'd been pushed.

But how?

I turned to look at Wendy, who showed no signs of being alarmed in the slightest. I noticed that one of her shoelaces was untied. I also saw that the shirt she was wearing was buttoned up incorrectly, almost as if she had gotten dressed in a hurry. She caught me staring at her and I quickly turned away.

The video Mr. Saltzman had shown us of the naked boy vanishing popped up in my head. The puzzle pieces snapped into place all at once: Wendy's absence over the weekend, Jesse's odd behavior at the café when we were studying and how I thought he'd been talking to someone, how he had made sure to shut the door behind me during lunch when he had apologized, Wendy's bizarre outfit the day I had overheard them in the alley. I made a beeline for Jesse.

I dropped my voice so only he would be able to hear. "Wendy can make herself invisible, can't she? She's the one who pushed Tracy just now."

His expression was a mixture of abject terror and something bordering on relief. "How, how could you possibly have figured that out?"

I looked around for Wendy, but she was gone. "Where did she go?" I demanded, grabbing Jesse by the shoulders.

"Please don't hurt my best friend," Jesse pleaded, tears welling in his eyes. "She's not a bad person, I swear, she's just—"

I tightened my grip and shook him hard. "I'm not going to hurt her. I think I can help, but you have to tell me where she is before she hurts anyone else."

His eyes focused on something behind me. "I think I saw her slip into the girl's bathroom."

I shot past the few startled students who remained in the hallway. I ran into the bathroom and looked around. All the stall doors were closed. I checked under the first door, making sure no one was using it before opening it. I wasn't clear how Wendy's invisibility worked, so I tentatively reached out with my right hand and swiped at the air in front of me. There was no one there.

I repeated the process as I made my way down the row of stalls. I reached the final door and took a deep breath. I gently pushed it open and gasped. The clothes and sneakers Wendy had just been wearing were hovering in mid air. Before I could say anything, one of the sneakers hit me in the face and I heard something clatter to the ground. There was heavy breathing just a few feet away from me. I felt two hands make contact with my chest as she pushed me. I fell on my ass and got the wind knocked out of me.

"Wendy, stop!" I called out, forcing air into my lungs. "I'm not going to hurt you."

The bathroom door swung open as if by magic and slowly began to close. I scurried onto my feet and went after her. I bolted out of the bathroom and looked around. There was no indication of where Wendy might have gone. I figured she'd want to avoid the mess outside our Spanish class, so I decided to take the stairs. I ran in a zigzag pattern with my arms stretched out in front of me in case I was able to locate her.

I reached the first floor just as the principal came on over the P.A. system. "Attention all teachers, staff, and visitors. The school is on lockdown. Everyone is to remain in their classrooms until further notice. If you are outside, please find shelter as fast as possible. This is not a drill. I repeat..."

I ran for the main entrance and saw a pair of paramedics rushing up the walkway with a gurney in tow. Two police cars were racing down the street and screeched to a halt directly behind the ambulance. Three security guards had Alex pinned to the ground. I turned tail in the opposite direction and took the back exit.

Several students were frantically racing across the quad in search of cover. I knew there was no real threat of danger, but I also knew that finding Wendy was going to be impossible, so I decided the best course of action was to get off campus as quickly as I could and try to reach Mr. Saltzman.

By the time I made it to the bicycle cage, I could hear dozens of piercing police sirens coming from all directions. I didn't waste any time trying to make it off campus. I climbed on my bike and maneuvered through the maze of outdoor hallways toward the back of the school until I reached the parking lot. The gate had been closed shut, so I was forced to exit through a narrow chain-link fence doorway. I almost lost control of my bike as I careened off of the curb and onto the street. I pedaled faster than I ever imagined I was capable of and turned onto my street in record time.





As soon as I hit Mr. Saltzman's front lawn, I jumped off of my bike and raced up the porch steps, which I took three at a time and almost crashed through the front door.

Graham was alarmed to see me and started barking as soon as I ran into the house. He raced after me and came to a similar skid when I stopped in front of the refrigerator. I pulled the slip of paper off of the fridge, sending the magnet flying through the air in the process. Graham barked and chased after it.

I instinctively reached for my phone before I remembered I didn't have it. I searched every room in the house, but Mr. Saltzman didn't have a landline. We didn't have one in our house either.

I folded the paper and slipped it into my back pocket. "I'll be back later," I promised a very confused Graham before running back out of the house.

The only place I knew that had a landline I could use was my aunt's café. I had to contact Mr. Saltzman as soon as possible and ask him what to do before anyone else got hurt.





CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


My aunt was behind the counter organizing some shelves when I ran in. Frown lines appeared on her face when she saw me. "Why did I get a message today saying you missed class? And why are you here? I thought school wasn't over for another," she paused to check her watch, "twenty minutes."

The fact that I hadn't made it to my first class had completely slipped my mind. It felt like a million years ago. "Uh, I woke up late and had to walk Graham."

She nodded curtly. My aunt wasn't the type to lose her cool easily. She liked having all of the facts before yelling at Tanner and me. "And why are you not in class right now?"

There was no easy way of breaking the news, so I just came out and said it. "There was an incident at school. It's on lockdown."

She covered her mouth and gasped. "Is everyone okay? Where's your brother?"

"I think the football team might have already left. They have a game later today against Lincoln. Tracy Banks is hurt. The paramedics came right as I was running off campus. I didn't know what to do. It happened right before class, so I left as quickly as I could."

My aunt reached forward and pulled me into the tightest bear hug I had ever gotten. I let her awkwardly pet the back of my head. Her cell phone rang. She immediately picked up the call. "Tanner, where are you?"

I took swift advantage of the opportunity and ran behind the counter to call Mr. Saltzman. I dialed his number, repeatedly, but it went directly to voicemail each time. After the fifth attempt, I left a message telling him to call me at the café as soon as possible. I wanted to go into more detail, but I didn't think it was wise. Without my phone, I felt completely helpless.

"Tanner's on the bus." She joined me behind the counter. "He says he's been texting you, but you haven't responded."

"My phone is missing. Someone must've grabbed it by mistake in all the confusion."

Her phone dinged, alerting her to a text. "It's from the school. It's saying the lockdown has been lifted and that the rest of the school day has been cancelled." She was just putting it away when it dinged again. "Crap." It was uncommonly foul language coming from my aunt and it caught me off guard. "Sarah's water broke. She was supposed to work the afternoon shift. Do you mind covering for her?"

"Mr. Saltzman isn't back yet, and I have to walk and feed Graham."

"You will. I promise I'll only keep you a few hours. And I'll knock a month off of your punishment."

It was too good a deal to pass up. It was also probably in my best interest to hang around until Mr. Saltzman called back. He might even know a thing or two about tracking an invisible girl.

Customers slowly began to gather in the café to discuss the events. By the second hour of my shift, it was packed. People were shocked to learn about the vandalized trophy case and the attack on Tracy Banks. As a student, I received a lot of sympathy followed by a barrage of questions. Everyone had heard about how Alex had been the one to push Tracy, even though it was completely false. MaryAnn, a skinny woman with short black hair, a hawkish nose, and a longstanding reputation for being the town gossip, asked me point blank if I believed Alex was a terrorist.

One customer had his laptop with him and began streaming the local news. About fifteen people huddled around him at once. There was quite a bit of shoving and pushing until he set up his portable speaker at full volume so everyone could listen in.

"And now we bring you breaking news from Stanley High School," I heard a newswoman say. Several people made shushing sounds. A few of the older clients adjusted the settings on their hearing aids.



"I'm standing in front of Stanley High School where just over two hours ago the school went into complete lockdown after a student violently attacked another student, sending them to the hospital. A few of the students I have spoken to have informed me that the alleged attacker is also under suspicion of vandalizing the school, but authorities have yet to confirm or deny these allegations. At this time we cannot release any names because they are minors, but we have been told that the families have been contacted.

"As you can see behind me, authorities are doing a thorough sweep of the school. Exactly what they are looking for has yet to be determined, but we did see a couple of bomb sniffing dogs being led into the main building. The entire campus has been evacuated and we have been advised that there is no longer an immediate threat."

The camera must have been showing images of the scene because she stopped talking for a moment before she started up again. "I'm standing here with sophomore student Candice Anderson who witnessed the alleged attack. Candice, first of all let me just say that I'm glad you're okay."

"Thank you very much," Candice said in a somber tone.

"Can you tell me what happened?" the newswoman asked with mock concern.

"I saw the student in question attack the other student. There is no doubt in my mind that it was intentional." She was lying. Alex hadn't been anywhere near Tracy. I felt a surge of rage at the injustice. This would no doubt help further cement Alex's guilt.

When the report was over, a whole new round of conversation and debate ensued, which did nothing but get everyone even more riled up.

"We need to call a town meeting," MaryAnn said, raising her voice so everyone in the café could hear her. "We need to stand together and let all possible wrongdoers know that we will not take this lying down."

There was a round of murmured agreement. A few heads turned toward the entrance when Jesse walked in. Several people watched as he made his way to the counter. He appeared unnerved by all the attention. "Hey," he said with a grimace. He handed me my phone face down. "I found this on the floor of the girls bathroom and recognized it was yours."

I cried out when I turned it over and saw the screen had dozens of cracks in it. MaryAnn and a few others were watching us with great interest. I clicked on the screen and tried to get it to work, but nothing happened. Sarah kept a backup charger hidden behind a stack of napkins, which I dug out. I said a silent prayer that the battery was drained and just needed a little juice. I plugged it into the wall and waited for my phone to show signs of life, but the screen remained black. I wanted to cry.

"Where is she," I growled. I was so angry my hands began to shake.

"I don't know. I've tried everything I can think of to reach her, but she's not answering her phone or email, or anything else. I even went to her house, but her grandmother said she hasn't seen her since this morning."

"Where does she live?"

Jesse took a step back, fear was written all over his face. "What are you going to do?"

"I have to find her before she tries to kill someone else." My words had the desired effect on him.

"She wasn't trying to kill Tracy," he said nervously, "she was just trying to scare the cheerleaders. I'm not sure if you've noticed, but they're horrible to her. She got bullied so much during the summer by them and the football team that she finally had to delete all her social media accounts."

"So she told you she was planning to attack them and you didn't tell anyone." I didn't bother trying to hide my disgust with him.

"Of course not." He was angry I had suggested such a thing. Jesse looked behind him to make sure no one was listening in before he leaned in a little closer. "I know Wendy. She would never hurt anyone. I think things just got out of hand."



Scaring people was one thing, but she had sent someone to the hospital. I just glared at him.

"You have to believe me," he pleaded, his eyes full of emotion. "She's been a mess since it started. The day she woke up invisible, she thought she was dead or something. When I showed up at her house to hang out, she wouldn't come out of her room. It took me a good ten minutes to get her to unlock the door. When I entered her room all I saw were her pajamas hovering in the air. She had to hold me down to keep me from running away. She explained she had woken up that way and didn't understand what was happening to her. It's taken her forever to control it, but even now sometimes portions of her body will just vanish for no reason. That's why she's been covering herself up with so many clothes lately. She's scared it's going to happen while she's in public."

I thought about what I would have done had I been in her situation. I seriously doubted I would have gone around attacking people if I could make myself invisible, no matter how awful they had been to me.

"You have to help me find her," I said.

Jesse was on the verge of tears again. "How do I know you won't just turn her in as soon as you find her?"

I sighed. "You have to trust me. I think I can help her. At the very least I can give her some answers before she does something she'll really regret."

The sound of a coffee mug breaking made us both jump. Three seconds later my aunt came rushing out of the kitchen carrying a broom and a dustpan. She had phenomenal reflexes. It would have taken me five times as long. I heard the lady who'd dropped the mug offer to pay for a replacement. My aunt declined.

"How did you even know about her?" Jesse asked.

It was a question I didn't want to answer. If I lied, I'd risk losing his trust if he learned the truth. But telling him the truth didn't seem like a very smart idea either. Sure, he'd kept Wendy's secret, but how long would that continue?

"I can't tell you that," I said cautiously. He was about to argue with me, but I cut him off. "I think the less you know at this point the better."

"Wendy thinks you know something the rest of us don't. She was there when you walked out of the woods with the old man, the two dogs, and Shannon. She says she overheard you telling the cops that there were two armed men in the woods. Does Marv Morgan's disappearance have anything to do with all of this?"

There was a spasm in the pit of my stomach. Marv and I had promised we would keep each other's secrets. I couldn't betray that trust. The front door bell dinged and Caleb rolled into the café. I was surprised to see that Amy was with him.

"What's up?" I asked, as soon as they reached the counter.

"I've been texting you, but you haven't texted back." Amy clearly wasn't amused with my radio silence during the most dramatic episode to ever occur at our school.

"My cell phone is dead." I held up my cracked phone so she could see I wasn't lying.

"Is it true what they're saying?" Caleb asked. "Did Alex really attack Tracy?"

Jesse and I exchanged a meaningful look. I had to prove to him that he could trust me. I also had to try and clear Alex's name somehow, no matter how much I disliked him. Amy's dad was a firefighter. His voice would carry some weight with the cops.

"Amy, you have to tell your dad that Alex didn't push Tracy. He was nowhere near her. Jesse will back me up on this, right Jesse?" What little color remained in Jesse's face drained away completely, leaving him almost as transparent as his troubled best friend. After a second he nodded his head.

"Then why is Candice telling everyone she saw him do it?" Amy asked quietly. "And he did try to run away. How do you explain that?"

"I don't know why she accused him, but I was looking right at him when Tracy fell and he never pushed her." It was hard not to name the real culprit and I had to shut my mouth real quick before it could come flying out. "He shouldn't have run, but he was freaking out. Anyone would have."

My aunt came out of the kitchen and politely informed them I had to get back to work. It was the longest she had ever allowed me to chitchat during a shift. We were definitely living in strange times. I gave them both the number to the café and asked Jesse to call me as soon as he heard from Wendy.

My aunt let me leave for an hour later that evening to walk Graham. We were so busy that I had to come back to the café afterwards. When at long last it was time to close up for the night, I was physically exhausted. I flipped the closed sign on the front window and sat down for the first time in hours. My feet were pounding and my legs were throbbing from sheer exhaustion. Had I closed my eyes for even a second, I would've fallen asleep on the spot.

MaryAnn had remained at the café throughout the evening, turning it into her own personal headquarters. She'd pushed several tables together and had organized an emergency meeting for the following night. Her older brother sat on the city council, and she had basically strong-armed him into supporting her cause. Harried women ran in and out of the café throughout the evening waving colorful fliers and doing MaryAnn's bidding. My aunt would have put a stop to it had it not been for the obscene amounts of caffeine they were consuming.

I had just started moving the scattered furniture back in place when the phone rang. My aunt was busy going through the day's receipts. She answered the phone, one-handed, without looking up or losing a beat.

"It's Mr. Saltzman," she frowned, "it sounds urgent."

I had been waiting for his call all day. Every time it rang, I'd sprinted to the phone only to be disappointed. "Hello, Mr. Saltzman?" I said excited. I heard a few seconds of muffled sounds on the other end. "Hello, Mr. Saltzman, are you there?" Maybe he was going through an area with poor cell service. "Hello?"

The line went dead.





CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


The minute I got home I tried video messaging Mr. Saltzman but there was no response, so I sent him a text urging him to call me as soon as possible. I started to explain about Wendy and the events of the day, but I decided against it at the last second. I didn't think it was safe to send that kind of information out into some nebulous technological cloud that could later be used against me.

I didn't understand why it was taking him so long to call me again. Was he in some kind of trouble? I didn't want to jump to any conclusions, but I couldn't shake the sense of foreboding that was growing in the pit of my stomach. My computer dinged, alerting me to an incoming text from Marv.

Heard about Alex. Crazy! We beat Lincoln 21 to 7!!! Just stopped for dinner and about to get back on bus. Reception is shitty, battery low. Will call when I get in and charge phone.

Heard about Alex. Crazy! We beat Lincoln 21 to 7!!! Just stopped for dinner and about to get back on bus. Reception is shitty, battery low. Will call when I get in and charge phone. I immediately sent him a message, indicating that there was a lot more to the story and that we needed to speak right away. I debated alluding to the video Mr. Saltzman had shown us, if only to drive my point home, but I didn't dare risk it. I waited patiently for a response, but I didn't get one.

I received an email letting me know that classes were cancelled for the following day. I guess the administration didn't want to take any chances in case there was some undiscovered bomb hidden somewhere on campus. I just couldn't believe how incomprehensively out of hand the whole situation had become.

I walked over to my closed window and looked across the orchard. I could see the dark outline of Mr. Saltzman's two-story Victorian in the distance. I'd forgotten to leave the lights on for Graham in my rush to get back to the café. I felt bad for the poor Great Dane all alone in the dark, empty house.

I had just changed into my pajamas when I had an idea. I walked to the end of the hallway and knocked on my aunt's bedroom door, but she didn't respond. I made my way downstairs and found her making herself a late night snack in the kitchen.

"Is it okay if I bring Graham over here tonight? Mr. Saltzman is still out of town and he's been locked up in the house all by himself." I poured it on as thick as possible. "He can sleep in my room."

She didn't answer right away. She'd never been warm to the idea of pets and even complained under her breath on the rare occasion when a customer with a service dog walked into the café. The fact that she hadn't immediately shut me down was a good sign. "I don't want him making a mess in the house."

"He won't," I promised, "he's better house trained than Tanner."

My comment elicited a rare smile from her. "I guess I owe you one after today. He can stay in your room, but if he starts barking in the middle of the night you'll have to take him back."

I wrote Mr. Saltzman a quick note explaining that Graham was going to be staying with me for the night. I told him it was very important that he come over as soon as he got in, no matter how late it was. I underlined the word important several times to emphasize my point. My aunt would be cranky if the doorbell rang in the middle of the night, but time was running out and the feeling that something worse was coming was only growing stronger by the hour.

The city had never bothered with streetlights on our block, so I made my way to Mr. Saltzman's house in darkness. I usually used my phone as a flashlight and felt another wave of anger towards Wendy for having broken it.

The on and off again rainy weather over the last few days had caused the temperature to drop dramatically. The murky moonlight was dampened further as it slipped behind a low hanging cloud. I taped the note to the front door before unlocking it, and braced myself for Graham's enthusiastic greeting, but the Great Dane was nowhere in sight. I peered into the dark living room and tried not to think of the coffin sitting in the locked room as I ran my hand against the wall feeling for the light switch. I took a step inside the house and called Graham's name.



The house remained still for a few moments, but then I heard muffled sounds coming from the second floor. The big dog's shadow appeared at the top of the staircase, startling me a little. Graham slowly hopped down the stairs and put his head into my hand. I was so relieved to see him that I pressed his giant head against my chest and squeezed tight. I finally managed to find the light switch. Well, it wasn't so much a switch as it was a button that you pressed into the wall.

I grabbed his blanket, his favorite chew toy, and a doggy bag with a few treats in case I needed him to behave. I was about to put his leash on when he ducked out of reach and ran into the front yard. If he made a break for the woods I would be royally screwed, but he didn't run away. His tail wagged the entire way back to my house. He playfully pulled his toy out of my hand before shoving it back to me. Before I opened the front door, I leaned over so we were face to face. The dog stared back intently.

"You have to be good for me," I said, trying to get my point across, "okay?" Graham responded by licking me from chin to forehead.

As soon as I opened the door, he bolted into the living room and began sniffing everything in sight. I held his leash at the ready, prepared to snap it on and drag him out of the house in case he got any funny ideas, but he seemed content just to smell every piece of furniture. Next he waltzed into the kitchen where my aunt was finishing up some paperwork. She ignored us, but she didn't ask me to get him out of there. Graham took his time sniffing every bit of the floor. He must have smelled food, but he wouldn't find so much as a crumb. My aunt prided herself on keeping an immaculately clean home.

I laid out his blanket at the foot of my bed and gave him his toy. Graham appeared determined to rip the head off its body. I shut the lights off and listened to the steady sound of chewing for a few minutes before I fell into a deep sleep.

* * *

It was the middle of the night and the Great Dane's low growling woke me up. I sat up in bed and rubbed the sleep from my eyes. His front paws were perched on the windowsill, his large ears flat against his head.

"Stop that," I said groggily. "I already took you out on a walk."

He turned his head, looked back at me, and whimpered. That's when I saw the silhouette of a human form on the other side of the window duck out of sight. I jumped out of bed, my heart hammering in my chest. I slipped into my sneakers and ran down the stairs. I wasn't exactly quiet about it, but accidentally waking up the entire household in the middle of the night was the least of my worries.

Graham shot past me as soon as I opened the front door and tore down the porch steps. I don't know what Wendy thought she was doing, but she wasn't going to get away with it. Invisible or not, Graham would surely be able to sniff her out.

I turned the corner of the house and stopped directly below my window, expecting to find Wendy still climbing down the ladder. But there was no Wendy and no ladder. I was hit with the immediate realization that Marv and I had locked the ladder in Mr. Saltzman's house. How, then, had Wendy managed to get to the second floor window? Was she able to fly as well? I searched the night sky for her but couldn't see anyone.

Perhaps it had been nothing more than a trick of the moonlight. Graham sniffed the ground and looked up at me. I could see the same confusion in his eyes that I was feeling. His ears twitched and he whipped his head around. He took off running towards the back of the house barking wildly. I chased after him, deeply aware that my aunt was going to be pissed.

Graham disappeared around the corner of the house. His barking cut off momentarily, followed by a high-pitched yelp. It was beyond chilling. I skidded around the corner, but Graham was nowhere in sight. The moon slipped out from behind a cloud and cast a silver light over our dusty backyard. I called out his name and got an anxious whine in response from somewhere above me. I looked up and saw Graham was standing on the edge of our slanted roof. He began to whimper in earnest. I had to get him down before he slipped off.

Someone grabbed me around my waist and lifted me straight up into the air at an alarming speed. Within seconds my house was nothing more than a miniscule dot below me. I fought off a wave of nausea. It felt like I had left my stomach back on the ground.

We flew through a thick cloud and the temperature dropped by a dozen degrees, at least. It was like breathing in ice water. My lungs and chest began to ache. I couldn't see anything but white mist all around me. It was an incredibly claustrophobic experience. I gasped for air, which only made my chest and lungs ache even more. I began to fight back. I kicked my legs wildly and tried to get in a solid punch, but I wasn't able to land one. The cloud began to dissipate around us until I could see patches of glittering lights through the breaks in the clouds. We were impossibly high up.

A numbness spread throughout my body as the temperature dropped even further. I was so frightened of falling to my death that I was having difficulty concentrating. I felt Wendy's grasp falter for just a second. I used the opportunity to turn my body around and slammed the palm of my hand into her face. My unforeseen attack caused her to lose her grip and sent her tumbling away from me, completing two feet over head revolutions before coming to a halt in an upright position. I realized I had been very wrong. It wasn't Wendy. It was the figure of a man.

The two of us faced one another with nothing but thousands of feet of air below us. The man was wearing some sort of black mask, which completely hid his features. His long trench coat flapped violently in the harsh wind.

"Who are you? What do you want?" It hurt to talk, and I found myself having to shout into the wind to make myself heard.

The figure tilted his head slightly. I thought I was going to pass out from sheer terror. My body was completely numb, my teeth were chattering, and my head was pounding with the sound of ten thousand drums.

The Silhouette shot up into the night sky. Before I even knew what I was doing, I took off after him. I flew as if by instinct. I willed myself forward against the freezing air that was numbing my body. It was hard to see anything with so much cold air pummeling my face. I was forced to continually blink to keep my eyes from drying out.

The Silhouette slipped into a patch of clouds above me. I let out a cry as I slipped into them as well. I knew I couldn't take the cold much longer. I had no idea in what direction I was flying, but I kept my arms locked in front of me in case I accidentally collided with him. I shot out of the clouds and saw the city of Kane far off in the distance. I searched the sky, but there was no sign of him anywhere. I turned around and squinted towards the clouds behind me, thinking I had perhaps managed to get ahead of him.

After nearly a full minute of slowly backing away to keep the clouds from enveloping me, it was clear that I had lost him. I couldn't feel my body any longer and my teeth were chattering uncontrollably. I began to descend until I could feel the air grow warmer.

I couldn't believe I was actually flying. It was terrifying and exhilarating all at once. I didn't allow myself to stop and think about what I had just achieved in case it broke the spell and I found myself crashing back down to Earth.

Finding my way back home wasn't difficult. It was the last house in our town before the landscape went dark. I flew at a steep downward angle and felt all the blood rushing to my head. My aunt's house grew bigger and bigger until it was no longer a dot on the ground.

Graham wasn't on the roof. I desperately scanned the perimeter of the house hoping he hadn't gotten hurt in the fall. I stopped several hundred feet off the ground and did a thorough search of the roof and the surrounding area, but I couldn't locate him anywhere. That's when I noticed an object in the dirt glimmering slightly in the moonlight. I accelerated towards it until I was about ten feet off the ground. I tried to slow down but I didn't have any actual brakes, so I crash landed on the ground and did a couple of somersaults before I came to a stop. I tried to shake the pain off as I searched for the glimmering object. I spotted Graham's dog collar just a few feet away. I picked it up and noticed it had been torn off.

A bright light caught me off guard and blinded me. I covered my eyes with my free hand, trying to see who it was.

"Jackson," I heard my aunt say. "What the hell is going on?"





CHAPTER NINETEEN


Aunt Margie rushed forward. I tried to respond, but it felt like my mouth had been shot full of Novocain, which was just as well since I hadn't the faintest clue how to explain what had led me outside in the middle of the night or why I looked like I'd spent twenty minutes tumbling inside of an industrial sized clothes dryer before being deposited into a subzero meat locker.

"Get inside right now." It wasn't so much a request as it was a command. Before I could even react, she grabbed my arm roughly and dragged me all the way back to the house. I couldn't tell if it was her tight grip or warm hand, but my arm tingled like crazy where she held it.

The warmth of the living room made me shiver even harder. Aunt Margie shoved me onto the couch and covered me with a blanket; she went upstairs and retrieved more blankets. By the time she was done wrapping me up, I resembled an Egyptian mummy.

"What's going on?" Tanner asked, coming down the stairs.

My aunt ran into the kitchen. I heard the microwave come to life. It seemed like an odd time to make a snack. The whirring noises coming from the kitchen put me into a sort of trance. It was only then that I realized just how tired I was. I shut my eyes for what felt like a few seconds before someone was shaking me. I tried to swat them away, but my arms were pinned to my sides. I registered the sharp sting that comes with being slapped on the face. I coerced my eyes to open. My aunt was hovering just a few inches above me. Tanner was standing behind her and looked a little taken aback. My aunt had never laid a hand on either of us.

"I need you to drink this slowly." She was tilting a large steaming mug against my lips. I took a sip and felt the warm milk slide down my insides. It was an insanely wonderful sensation. I took several more gulps before she pulled it away. "Slowly," she repeated.

I did as instructed until the milk was gone. I wanted to ask for more, but then I remembered why I'd been out in the first place. "Graham," I slurred. "I think someone took him." What was in the milk? Had she given me alcohol? I didn't understand why I was slurring or why my brain felt so fuzzy.

"We'll find him," my aunt said soothingly. "In all likelihood he probably went out looking for Mr. Saltzman."

I wanted to protest, but my mind was tired and in chaos and unable to produce more words. Before I could gather my thoughts, my aunt asked Tanner to follow her into the kitchen. I heard him say something about sleepwalking. It's something I used to do when I was younger, but only a few times and not in many years. Our family doctor had attributed my nighttime strolls to stress.

"That must be it." She sounded very concerned. "He saw the attack at school. It must have triggered something."

"Should we look for Graham?" Tanner asked.

"It's too dark out," she said, a worried tone in her voice. "I'll search the neighborhood on my way to work in the morning. If I don't find him, I'll call the animal shelter."

My eyelids began to grow very heavy. I surrendered to their weight and marveled at how the simple act of closing my eyes could bring so much satisfaction. My involuntary shivering began to subside. The hushed conversation from the kitchen was strangely soothing.

I woke up to the sound of something sizzling in the kitchen. It took my stuffed up nose a few seconds to translate the sound into bacon. Gray light was streaming in through the living room windows. Someone had placed a pillow under my head. I was still bundled up in blankets and my body was covered in sweat. I shimmied myself into a sitting position and awkwardly stood up. I wriggled my arms until the various blankets cocooning me finally loosened up and slid down to the floor.

"I was just about to wake you up," Tanner said, walking in from the kitchen. I could tell he was tired and hadn't gotten much sleep. His hair was sticking out in all directions, except for the flattened patch on the side of his head that he'd slept on. "You hungry?" He waved a spatula in the air. "I made breakfast."

The mere thought of food made me ravenous. I was halfway to the kitchen when the events of the previous night came crashing back all at once. "Wait, did you find Graham?"

"Not yet," he said grimly, "but I promise we'll go looking for him as soon as you eat something."

My aunt had been teaching us how to cook for years. Once a month, she would give us a new recipe to master. She would watch intently, interjecting advice whenever she thought we were about to burn the food or give the whole family salmonella poisoning. That's how I discovered that I could make killer spinach lasagna.

Tanner had done a good job with the bacon. It was a little burnt in parts, but that's exactly how I liked it. I caught him staring at me a couple of times, but he managed to play it off with a shrug or a smile.

"Has Mr. Saltzman come back?" I asked.

"No. I went over there this morning, but the note you left on his door is still there. I checked around the house, but there was no sign of Graham."

The dropped call from Mr. Saltzman, Graham's broken collar on the ground, the Silhouette figure who had lifted me up into the stratosphere—the evidence was pointing to a harsh truth that I didn't want to acknowledge. Neither Mr. Saltzman nor his dog had gone missing. They'd been kidnapped. My whole body shivered, which had nothing to do with the temperature in the room.

"I need to get dressed," I said, picking up my empty dishes. I walked over to the sink and rinsed them off before putting them in the dishwasher.

"Where do you think you're going?" Tanner stood up as well.

Bringing up Marv didn't seem like a good idea, so I tried to be vague as possible. "I need to talk to a friend who might be able to help me find Graham."

"You're talking about Marv, aren't you?" Tanner spoke his name with unconcealed disdain.

"I don't see how it matters," I said, forcing myself to keep a cool head. I was already struggling to keep myself from panicking about the Silhouette without having to worry about my brother's prejudice against him.

Tanner must have sensed my distress because he sat back down. "Look. I'm your brother. Why don't you trust me?"

"I do trust you—" I started to argue.

"Do you know how many times I've stood up for you? Do you know how many times some of my friends have used the word fag and I've told them to quit it?" The question caught me completely off guard. I never imagined my brother standing up for me in that manner. "No. You don't. Because all you think about is yourself."

"That's not true," I said defensively.

He folded his arms across his chest and leaned back in his chair. "Are you sure about that?"

"What's that supposed to mean?" I said hotly.

Tanner stood up, knocking the chair to the floor. All pretense of a calm discussion had flown out the window. "The cops have been here twice in one week because you couldn't stop yourself from going into the woods after being told not to. If that's not the definition of selfish, then I don't know what is. Aunt Margie has been worried sick over your behavior lately."

"It's not my fault," I fired back. "The first time it happened I was forced to go into the woods because Alex was trying to beat me up. And the second time I was trying to help find Mr. Saltzman's dog."

"That's not what Alex told the cops," Tanner spat, "he said he saw you going into the woods and tried to stop you ."

you "That's what he said to make himself look good. Ask Aunt Margie, she knows the truth."

"Even if that is the case, why would you go into the woods again? It's like you're trying to get hurt."

"I can fly. Okay." It was the last thing I expected to come out of my mouth. "Tanner," I dropped my voice to a whisper, "I can fly."





CHAPTER TWENTY


He shook his head in disgust. I'd never seen him so angry. "What the fuck is wrong with you? Are you on drugs?"

There was nothing I could say to convince him that I was telling the truth. I needed to show him. My heart was pounding again; it was a mixture of excitement and relief. I couldn't believe I was about to fly in front of my brother. I lifted my arms overhead and jumped into the air. Nothing happened.

"Hold on," I said, "this will work. I just need a moment." I focused on the feeling I'd had last night when I was chasing the Silhouette. It was almost like a dull constant pressure in the pit of my stomach. I jumped up a second time, but again nothing happened. Tanner was not amused by my display. I urged him to follow me as I ran into the living room and up the stairs.

He got all panicky when he saw me trying to climb onto the railing. "WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?"

"I just need a little incentive," I said.

"Stop," he cried out, moving forward until he was almost right under me. "I believe you."

"You, you do?" I asked startled. "But you haven't seen me do anything yet."

"If you say you can fly, then I believe you. Just get down." My brother had gone completely pale, which was quite an accomplishment given the tan he'd spent hours cultivating all summer long.

"I'm not lying." I was more than ready to jump off the bannister to prove my point. "I swear to you, I can fly."

"Why don't you come down here instead and explain everything from the beginning." He watched me with a mixture of fear and something else I couldn't put my finger on as I climbed down the stairs. We both sat on the couch facing each other.

Tanner listened patiently for the next half-hour as I recounted the incident at the mall, the numerous times I had woken up to find myself hovering against the ceiling, being chased into the woods only to discover a talking mountain lion and how Marv could transform himself into a variety of animals. I pulled up the shaky video footage of the velociraptor that Jesse had shown me and explained how our parents had been working on these experiments when we were very young. I finally got to ask him if he knew our mom was pregnant when she died, but he didn't have a clue. I also told him about Wendy and how she had been the one responsible for pushing Tracy and finished with how I'd found the Silhouette outside my window and how I'd flown after him. I explained that I suspected him of kidnapping Mr. Saltzman and Graham.

Tanner sank into the couch and stared at nothing in particular. I gave him some time to process everything. Only now that it was suddenly lifted, did I know the severity of the weight I'd been carrying on my shoulders. It felt good to come clean to my brother.

"I know it sounds crazy," I said after a few minutes of silence. "Only Marv, Shannon, and Mr. Saltzman know about any of this. Jesse knows about Wendy and suspects something is up with me, but I haven't told him I can fly. The reason I didn't say anything sooner is that we're scared the wrong people are going to find out."

Tanner nodded his head, slowly, and turned to look at me. There was sympathy in his eyes. "What can I do to help?"

His words caught me off guard. The fact that he was not only willing to believe me but wanted to help as well was almost too much. I spoke calmly, making sure to keep all my emotions in check. "I need to send Marv a message. And then I'm thinking I should go over to Mr. Saltzman's house and see if I can find any clues that might help me find where he was taken. But first I need a shower."

"Okay," he nodded, "I'll go with you to Mr. Saltzman's house and help you look."

It was a huge relief to have Tanner on my side. I ran into my room and sent Marv a text, explaining to him that I had told my brother everything. I also informed him about the Silhouette outside my window and how I suspected him of kidnapping Graham and Mr. Saltzman. I jotted his number down in case I needed to call him from Tanner's phone before I hopped in the shower.



"I'm ready to go," I said, making my way into the living room.

Tanner was washing dishes in the kitchen. "Come in here and help me load these," he called out.

I walked into the kitchen and felt my heart drop when I saw Officer Velasquez leaning against the counter. "Hi Jackson." She smiled when she saw me. "Your brother called. He's very worried about you."

Tanner shut off the water and grabbed a dishtowel to dry his hands. I saw there were no dishes on the counter. He didn't see me coming at him, but he must have sensed my impending attack because he was already in mid turn when I socked him right in the left eye. His head snapped back as soon as I made contact. I felt a vicious thrill.

"You fucking asshole. I'll kill you." I threw myself on him and we both tumbled to the ground. The two of us rolled around the kitchen floor, pushing, shoving, scratching, and screaming at each other. Tanner tried to pin my arms to keep me from hitting him, but I was way too fast. I grabbed a fistful of his hair and pulled hard.

Officer Velasquez was shouting for us to stop, but neither of us listened. I was about to punch him in the face again when he shoved me, sending me sliding across the linoleum floor. I rolled several times before I came to a full stop.

I had never been so mad at anyone in all of my life. I wanted to throw him through a wall. I stood back up and was about to lunge at him when Officer Velasquez put me into a chokehold while simultaneously twisting my arm behind me. My shoulder exploded in pain. I cried out and collapsed to my knees. She continued applying pressure as she placed the handcuffs on me.

"Get up," she said, roughly grabbing me beneath my armpits and hoisting me up to me feet. I never would have guessed that someone so small could be so incredibly strong.

Tanner scurried to his feet. His expression was one of woeful shock. "You can't arrest him. He didn't do anything."

"Clearly, your brother is a menace. From what you've told me he is either taking drugs or suffering from delusions. Either way, I'm going to take him in and get him examined."

"But wait." He walked ahead of us with his arms held out pleading with her. "I don't want him to get in trouble. It was just a misunderstanding."

"It's my job to make sure he doesn't hurt anyone or himself," she said, pushing me forward and ignoring his pleas. "Trust me, it's for the best."

She led me down the porch steps and pushed my head down as I climbed into the back seat of the patrol car. I was in a daze. She shut the door and walked back to the patio where Tanner was standing, he looked more helpless than I'd ever seen him. A wave of hatred surged through me. The two had a short conversation before she slipped him her business card. I wondered how much he had told her. Should I try to convince her of the truth? It had failed spectacularly with Tanner.

Officer Velasquez climbed into the patrol car; she drove away, slowly, without turning on the siren. I shut my eyes, but it didn't keep the tears from coming out. I'd never been in so much trouble before. Just thinking about how my aunt was going to react was enough to send me over the edge. By the time she pulled into the police station parking lot, I was sobbing uncontrollably into the leather seat.

"Jackson," she said calmly, shutting off the engine, "I need you to calm down." She waited patiently for another minute or so while I tried to regain my composure. "I'm going to open the door and remove the handcuffs. You have to promise me that you won't try to get away."

"I doubt I would get very far," I said defeated.

"What I meant to say," she clarified, "is that you have to promise me you will not attempt to escape by flying away."

Her words brought me to a complete halt. What was she playing at? Was she humoring me to keep me from attacking her? I caught a glimpse of her eyes in the rearview mirror and tried to read what she was thinking, but they remained a mystery. My recent string of law enforcement run-ins had keyed me in on the fact that cops were very good at hiding their true intentions.

Officer Velasquez helped me out of the car and had me turn around. "Do not cause a scene," she said removing the cuffs, before saying hello to an officer who happened to be passing by. Trying to escape while surrounded by cops seemed like a spectacularly bad idea. "This way." She led me to the back of the parking lot to an old-fashioned sedan. It was the type of car you saw detectives driving in bad B movies. She opened the front door for me. "Get in."

I did as I was told. She shut the door after me and walked around the front. That's when I noticed there wasn't a door handle on my side. There also wasn't any way to roll down the window. I was essentially trapped. She coaxed the car to start and after several attempts the engine roared to life. It reminded me of Tanner's pick up. I felt another wave of anger mixed with a stab of betrayal.

She pulled out of the parking lot and onto the busy street. I saw a few of my schoolmates out and about enjoying their unscheduled day off. I would have given anything to be one of them at the moment. We passed the hospital, which was where I assumed she was taking me. Once we got onto Old Mill Road, I started to get worried. Where were we going? I wanted to ask, but I was too scared to find out.

She drove until we reached the end of the Kane county line, which was marked by a huge area filled with aisles of mostly abandoned warehouses. Officer Velasquez cut across the maze of buildings all the way to the back of the vacant lot and turned into a narrow dead end road. She slowed down until we stopped next to a gray metal door to my right.

"We're here," she announced.

"Are you going to kill me?" It was the first thing that popped in my head.

Officer Velasquez laughed. It was a joyful, hearty laugh. "For goodness sakes. You kids these days watch way too many gruesome television shows." She had the slightest hint of an accent, which I hadn't noticed before. "I'm not going to hurt you. I'm going to help you. That's why I brought you here."

I wanted to point out that this abandoned location was the very type of place from which people rarely emerged, but I didn't dare say it out loud lest it gave her any ideas.

"Here, I'll show you," she said brightly, hopping out of the car and opening the door for me. I thought about escaping, but we were through the thick metal door before I could even think of a reasonable plan.

She flicked on the fluorescent lights overhead, and the short hallway was filled with buzzing sounds—not unlike a swarm of angry bees. The hallway led into a huge windowless room filled with desks and computers, a couple of mismatching couches, some cots, and a connecting bathroom. Although everything in the room appeared fairly new, it was all covered in a thin layer of dust. The ceiling was high, about twenty feet, and a single row of fluorescent lights illuminated the space, poorly. One of them was blinking on and off, which did nothing to appease the increasing sense of dread I felt.

"Where are we?" I asked more frightened than ever.

"My brother turned this into a safe-house a few years ago. He told me if I ever heard anyone claiming to have special abilities that I should bring them here."

"Who's your brother? How did he know someone might claim to have special abilities?"

Officer Velasquez studied me for a moment. I had the same sensation of being x-rayed that I had experienced with Officer Richards. " Before I answer any of your questions, I need to know that you are the real deal."

"What's that supposed to mean?" My stomach twisted a little.

"I need you to prove to me that you can really fly."





CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


"So, you actually believe me?" I didn't know whether to be relieved or suspicious, but after the ordeal with Tanner I decided it would be safer to veer towards the latter.

"I will once you prove to me you can fly." Officer Velasquez turned on a computer before she walked across the room and opened up a large metal cabinet. I caught a glimpse inside and saw the shelves were neatly stacked with office and cleaning supplies. She plucked a feather duster off one of the shelves and began cleaning the various surfaces around the room. I stood rooted to the spot baffled that she was spring cleaning at a time like this.

Once she was satisfied that the room was more presentable, she put the duster away and sat down at the computer. Her fingers raced over the keyboard. I'd never seen anyone type so fast in my life.

My voice cracked. "If I do prove to you that I can fly, are you going to turn me in to the government?"

"Of course not," I heard unmistakable annoyance in her voice.

It was my turn to x-ray her. Officer Velasquez didn't strike me as someone who was crazy or evil, not that I had a whole lot to compare her to besides some of the people at my school. Then again, Wendy hadn't appeared evil to me, but she had attacked Tracy and vandalized the school. Perhaps I wasn't the best judge when it came to such matters.

She frowned and bit her bottom lip. It was probably something she wasn't even aware she was doing. For some reason it made her appear a lot younger. She pulled her cell phone out and checked it, but whatever she found didn't help her mood any because her frown deepened.

The room was now filled with floating dust motes. I couldn't see them in the dim light, but I could feel them tickling my nose and throat. Before I could stop myself, I let out a very loud sneeze followed by another one that left my chest hurting. She stood up, pulling a tissue out of a drawer and handed it to me.

"Thanks." I turned my back to her and blew my nose, the sound that came out was something a duck would make. It was a little mortifying. I never blew my nose in front of anyone if I could help it. I tossed the tissue into the little wastebasket underneath the desk, but I missed. I bent down and placed the tissue in the trash feeling ridiculously self-conscious.

She took several steps back. I wasn't sure if it was my germy sneezes that were making her cautious or her police training. Either way, it made me uneasy.

"So," she broke the silence after a few seconds of watching me, "let's see you fly." There was no derision in her voice. She might as well have been asking me to show her the palms of my hands.

"You promise me you won't freak out?"

She nodded once.

I lifted my arms over my head and concentrated. My previous attempts hadn't worked; but if there was ever a time I needed it to work, it was now. Up . I said to myself. Up. Up. Up. Nothing happened...yet again. The intense way she was watching me was also not doing me any favors.

Up Up. Up. Up. I shook out my arms and legs to release some of the tension and tried again. This time when I held my arms directly over my head I also jumped in place, hoping it would push me off of the ground. After about my tenth jump, Officer Velasquez sighed.

"This was a big mistake," she said. "I should've never brought you here."

"Wait," I wanted to prove to her I wasn't crazy, "I really can fly. I've just never done it on my own. It's always happened when I've been scared or in trouble or when I haven't been forcing it."

There was nothing in the room that I could jump off of except for the coffee table, so I hopped on top of it and jumped off. Her expression went from disappointed to one of irritation rather quickly. I decided to change tactics. I took several steps back and ran towards the couch. When I was just a few feet away I threw myself into the air. For one brief moment, I thought it had worked, but then my body tilted downward and I hit the couch hard, unsettling the dust and causing me to have a sneezing fit.



"Right," Officer Velasquez was not amused. She pulled the handcuffs off of her belt. "I'm going to take you to the hospital and have you checked out."

The panic I felt right then should have been enough to make me airborne, but it wasn't. That's when an idea popped into my head. It was an incredibly stupid one, but it was probably the only way that I was going to convince her that I was telling the truth.

Officer Velasquez realized I was staring at the Taser gun on her belt right before I lunged at her. She dropped the handcuffs and reached for it within the span of a few of my pounding heartbeats. Her movements were fluid and certain. If this didn't work I was going to be in some serious pain and a whole lot of trouble. She pointed the Taser directly at my chest and pulled the trigger. My body immediately shot straight up into the air, and I flew right over her head. The wires missed me by a few centimeters. It was the type of close call you only ever saw in action movies.

I flew to the other side of the room, not being able to stop myself, and slammed into the wall. It was a good thing I had my arms in front of me. Now I knew why superheroes always flew with their arms held out in front of them: Insurance. I pushed off the wall and did a very ungraceful about face. I had a silly triumphant grin on my face that all but vanished when I saw her expression.

"Your brother was right," she said angrily, "you seriously are out of your mind."

"I needed an incentive," I said, trying to explain myself. "I couldn't think of a better way of flying into the air than the possibility of getting shot."

"And what if it hadn't worked?" she fired back. My little stunt had really put her in a bad mood. I guess pretending to go for an officer's weapon was a much touchier subject than I had previously thought.

I shrugged my shoulders, but it didn't have the same impact while in the Superman position that it did while being vertical. "It was a risk I was willing to take. I'm sorry," I added, trying to reduce the tension in the room.

She shook her head and jettisoned the cartridge out of the Taser before she holstered it back to her belt. She came over to where I was hovering and walked in a complete circle below me. Every once in a while she moved her hand through the air. I wasn't sure what she was checking for, but it seemed to make sense to her. She finally stopped and crossed her arms, lost in thought.

"I know you said you weren't going to freak out, but you're rather calm considering the situation," I joked.

"I can't really say that I'm thrilled to find out you were telling the truth," she said. Her expression was inscrutable. "But now that you're up there..." She walked back to the supply cabinet and came back holding a long fluorescent light. "Can you replace that light over there? It's been out for a while and I've never gotten around to changing it."

It was an incredibly odd request. Here I was, floating in the air and her initial reaction was to have me replace a light. What was next? Was she going to ask me to give the ceiling a fresh coat of paint?

She waved the light in her hand. "I'm not going to try anything, I really want you to change the light."

Changing the light was tricky business. There was a cover to remove, precise slots to slide into, and twisting involved. I was definitely not mechanically inclined and struggled with the simple task. After I had changed it out and replaced the cover, I flew around for a bit just to prove to her, and myself, that I could. Turns were awkward at first, but I quickly got the hang of it. Pretty soon I was doing laps around the room. It was thrilling to finally be really flying.

Her eyes steadily followed me around and around until she got bored of watching me and went back to the computer. I couldn't help but feel a little offended by her lack of enthusiasm. I flew over to where she was sitting and hovered over her left shoulder. She clicked the window closed, but I managed to catch a glimpse of her email screen. I was close enough to smell the fruity shampoo she used to wash her hair. "So now what?"

"Now we wait for my brother to respond. He'll know what to do." She shifted a paperweight just slightly to the left before clicking her short fingernails on the desk. The thrumming was very distinct and precise. I got the feeling Officer Velasquez had a touch of OCD.

Her answer was vague and unsatisfying. "How did he know something like this was going to happen in the first place?"

Officer Velasquez didn't give me an answer. Instead she did that irritating thing adults do when they answer a question with another question. "Do you know why this is happening to you?"

"Yeah, my parents used to work at some secret location under Kane Hospital. There were a bunch of scientists working on some kind of superhuman serum using kids as test subjects."

She gasped and whipped around in her swirly chair so fast we almost knocked heads. "How do you know that? No one is supposed to know."

I was about to respond when I stopped myself. After all that she had put me through, I deserved a little more of an explanation than what she'd given me thus far. "I'll explain everything I know, but first you have to tell me how your brother knew this was going to happen."

For a second I thought she wasn't going to give me any explanations, but then she let out a big sigh. She pulled her hair out of the tight bun she wore and shook her dark brown hair out with both hands. With her hair down, she looked younger than ever. It was then I realized she was probably in her twenties and not her thirties as I had originally assumed. She sighed again, but I think this time it was more out of relief.

This time when she looked at me I didn't see the neutral cop expression I had become accustomed to, her hazel eyes were filled with emotion. She stood up and walked over to a small fridge I hadn't noticed and pulled out two sodas. She held one up for me to take before she sat down on one of the couches.

"You know you can come down now," she said amused. "I believe you."

Hovering over her was getting a little awkward, so I flew over to the couch she wasn't sitting on and let myself drop down on top of it. When I opened up the can of soda it exploded all over me. She shook her head and went back to the metal cabinet. She handed me a roll of paper towels and waited until I had cleaned myself up before telling me her story.

"My brother went missing when he was thirteen. My parents spent years searching for him, but it's as if he had vanished into thin air. He's the reason why I became a police officer. I wanted to prevent what happened to our family from ever happening to anyone else's." The pain on her face was heartbreaking. She paused to collect herself for a moment. "After a few years my parents finally had to come to terms with the horrible realization that he was probably dead and buried somewhere where we would never find his body. All I can remember from that period of time is that I felt numb, we all did, but I never gave up the search. A couple of years ago, my brother showed up at my doorstep out of the blue. Even though it had been years since I had last seen him, I immediately knew who he was."

I tried to imagine the feelings such a reunion must have caused, but I had no point of reference for such an extraordinary event. "Why didn't he let you know sooner that he was okay? Did he have amnesia or something?"

"No," she shook her head sadly, "he didn't. He stayed away to keep our family safe, but I'd been using the police database to search for him, which is why he finally came to see me. He told me we were all in terrible danger as long as he was still alive."

"But how did he know you were looking for him? Is he a police officer too?"

"He's a government agent. He explained to me about the experiments he was put through, and told me that he believed the man who had done this to him was dangerous and still out there. It took a lot of pleading on my part, but I finally convinced him to stay in contact with me. My brother has become a very paranoid person, not that I can blame him. He set up this place up for us to meet on the condition that I would not tell our parents he's alive.

"Wow. That's heavy."

"You think." She took a swig of her soda. I suspected she wanted something stronger to drink. "The weird thing is that this is all unfolding right now."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"He sent me a message a few days ago letting me know he was coming into town. He never comes here unless he believes he has a lead on the scientist he's been looking for all of these years. He should've been here by now. I've sent him several messages, but I haven't heard back from him, which is not like him at all."





CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO


A deep chill ran down my spine. Mr. Saltzman had been in a rush to go somewhere and had promised that our questions would be answered. Had he left to meet up with Officer Velasquez's brother?

"Did your brother ever talk about Mr. Saltzman?" I asked her.

She tilted her head at the question. "Your neighbor?" She shook her head. "No. Why?"



"Because a couple of days ago he left in a hurry. He didn't say where he was going, but I'm thinking he may have been meeting up with your brother because he said he would have more answers for us. He called me last night, but the line went dead. I tried calling him back, but he never picked up."

"Whose us?" She leaned forward.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"You just said 'he would have more answers for us,' so whose us?"

Crap.

Crap. It wasn't that I didn't trust her, I just wasn't sure that I was ready to drag Marv into all this, or Wendy for that matter. "That's not important right now." She was about to interrupt, but I didn't let her. I quickly told her about the Silhouette and how he'd been floating outside my window and had tried to carry me away.

"Why didn't you say anything sooner? Why didn't you file a missing person's report?" She jumped off of the couch and ran back to the computer.

"Up until a few minutes ago, you thought I was lying about the flying thing. How would you have reacted if I had gone into the whole story about the Silhouette trying to abduct me?"

She stopped to look at me briefly, and gave me a quick nod. "Fair enough. Do you happen to know Mr. Saltzman's phone number?"

I'd call his number so many times I had it memorized. She punched it into the computer and the two of us watched the blank screen eagerly. I wasn't sure what I was supposed to be looking for but then a small bubble popped up over a map of Kane. She zoomed in until we saw the bubble was hovering right over Kane Hospital. We exchanged worried looks before she reached for her phone and made a call. She spent several minutes on hold while she inquired about Mr. Saltzman, but he hadn't been admitted to any portion of the hospital.

She punched in another number that I didn't recognize, but her search came back empty. She stared at the screen for a very long time, lost in thought.

I waited patiently for as long as I could, but I finally couldn't take the silence and anticipation. "What's going on? What's happening?"

"I'm thinking that you're right. I think Mr. Saltzman probably went to meet my brother somewhere when they were both taken."

I glanced back at the map and gasped. "They were taken back to the lab? But I thought there wasn't anything there."

"There isn't. Or at least there wasn't the last time I was there." She grabbed her phone again.

"What are you going to do?" I asked, trying to keep my fear in check.

"I need backup. I'm going to call the only person I can trust." Before I could say anything else she started to speak to someone on the other end. "Chris, I need your help. I can't explain it over the phone, but I need you to come to the abandoned warehouses in Kane. Take the narrow road all the way to the back. You'll see my car parked next to the entrance. No this isn't a joke," she said wryly. "Get here as soon as you can."

"Why are you only calling one person?" I asked when she was done. "Shouldn't you be calling for all the backup you can get? This guy is a maniac."

"My brother made me swear I would never tell anyone his secret. I can't just take the whole squad in there knowing there might be a guy that can fly and do who knows what else."

Her words were alarming. "Wait, what do you mean? Can he do more than fly?"

She stood up and went to a locked cabinet. I followed closely behind her and watched her unlock it. There was a large safe inside of the cabinet. She punched in the combination and opened it up. There were more weapons and ammunition than I had ever seen in my life. "My brother has long suspected that this Silhouette figure, as you like to call him, has multiple abilities, but he has no proof." She grabbed a duffle bag off of the top shelf and proceeded to fill it.

"I want to go," I said without thinking.

This stopped her in her tracks. She turned around to look at me. "I appreciate the offer, but you are not coming along. I am not putting you in danger."

"You're going to need help. The guy can fly. How do you plan on catching him?"

"I don't need to fly," she grabbed a gun off the shelf and waved it to emphasize her point, "I have bullets."

Across the room, her phone began to ring. She moved to get it, but I was faster. I ran forward, grabbed it off the desk, and jumped into the air. This time I succeeded. I was planning on holding it as a bargaining tool, but I realized I recognized the incoming number.

"Hello, Marv?"

"You little shit," she said below me. I had to do some fancy flying to avoid getting hit with a stapler, a roll of tape, and the couch cushions she sent careening my way.

"Dude, where are you? Your brother just told me what happened. I'm afraid I might have—"

"Tanner told you what happened?" I didn't let him finish. I wanted Officer Velasquez to know that Tanner had totally ratted us out. That stopped her, which was a good thing because she was holding the heavy paperweight.

"Why in the world did you tell him about us?" It was clear that there were two angry people with me at the moment.

"It's complicated, but I'm in a safe-house in one the warehouses at the end of Kane city limits," I said quickly. "Mr. Saltzman is in trouble. Some dude that can fly tried to kidnap me last night. I'm here with Officer Velasquez. She's going to go to the lab under Kane Hospital to find him, but I can't convince her to let me go with her. She thinks her brother was taken as well. He was kidnapped and experimented on when he was younger."

Officer Velasquez was positively murderous.

"Holy shit," Marv said. "What should I do?"

"We're going to need your help. Come to the safe house as soon as you can. It's the one at the very end. You'll see a car parked next to the entrance."

"Okay. I'm on my way right now. Don't do anything stupid before I get there," he said before hanging up.

"Idiot," she spat out. "Why would you do that? Do you think this is some sort of game?"

"I know exactly what's at stake. Whoever this man is tried to kidnap me. I'm not going to stand by and not do anything. Besides, you're going to need our help."

"I should shoot you right now," she said angrily.

"You could, but if anything happens to me my friend will call the cops and blow the lid on this whole thing." The dialogue was straight out of a cop drama. Who says streaming hours upon hours of shows didn't come in handy?

"Fine, but if you get killed, it's not going to be on me." She dropped the paperweight and went back to the safe.

Someone banged on the door. I flew to the other side of the room and took cover behind Officer Velasquez, but I didn't come out of the air in case I needed to make a quick getaway. Officer Richards stepped out of the hallway and into the room. He looked a little put off having been asked to come to the middle of nowhere, but his expression quickly turned to one of shock when he realized I was hovering in the air. He whipped out his gun and aimed it directly at me.





CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


Officer Velasquez jumped forward with her hands held up in front of her and spoke in a firm voice. "For God's sake Richards put your gun away, he's not a danger to either of us."

The burly cop lowered his weapon with a low growl of protest. I'd grown accustomed to his disdain toward me, but I decided to play it safe and flew higher up into the air in case he got any funny ideas. Now that his initial shock had passed, his poker face slid securely back into place. The only clue that gave his panic away were his eyes, which were a little too wide and scanned the area around me a little too quickly.

"Now Chris," she said, "I need you to listen carefully to what I am about to tell you."

It took her a considerable amount of time to finally win his complete attention because his gaze kept shifting up to where I was hovering. At one point she even asked me to come down so that he wouldn't be distracted, but I stood my ground. Well, metaphorically at least. When she finally brought him up to speed, she asked me to fly around the room a few times like a show pony, so that he would see I wasn't being held up by wires or that we weren't playing some kind of weird prank on him. I happily obliged, satisfied by the sudden look of indigestion on his round, jowly face.

Officer Richards shook his great big head "I knew there was something wrong with you from the moment I saw you. I'm never wrong about these things." He didn't say it in a mean or accusing way, it was more matter-of-fact.

"It's not his fault this is happening to him," she said speaking up on my behalf. He was clearly prejudiced against the superhero-ly abled. I suspected that Officer Velasquez was the only thing keeping him from either shooting me or calling in the National Guard. I had to make sure I was never left alone in a room with him. Like, ever.

"So what's the plan?" he asked, motioning with his chin toward the bag full of weapons on the ground. "Are we going to storm into this underground lab with no back up and go against who knows what?"

I took the time to practice some tricky maneuvers. I slowly flew forward while rotating in a circle (not unlike a rotisserie chicken). I was on my twentieth spin and felt very dizzy so I stopped and closed my eyes. "You won't be alone," I called down at them.

There was a long pause before he spoke up again. "You can't be serious; we can't bring a kid into this."

"It's complicated," I didn't have to see her to know Officer Velasquez was probably glaring at me at the moment, "but he's going to come with us. He may even prove himself to be useful."

My stomach was still a little queasy from all the spinning, so I adjusted myself into a standing position in the air. I instantly felt better.

"You're going to get him killed," he argued, "although in this case that might be a plus."

She gave him a withering look that made his shoulders slump a little. She was incredibly effective at being menacing for someone so petite. Officer Richards threw his hands up in defeat and asked how he could help. He followed her over to the cabinet and let out a low whistle when he saw the cache of weapons. I could have sworn I caught a glimpse of a hand grenade of some sort being stuffed into one of the bags. The severity of what we were going to do came crashing down on me. Suddenly, I wasn't feeling so brave.

Officer Velasquez, whose first name I found out was Grace, pulled her hair back up into a bun and slipped into some sort of bulletproof tactical gear. She handed Officer Richards the largest size available, but he didn't look very comfortable. The term sausage casing came to mind. I smiled in spite of the anxiety I was feeling and almost got hit in the face with the vest she tossed at me. After struggling with it, I finally had to come out of the air and let her help me put it on.



"At least we'll be armed to the teeth," he said gruffly, admiring the semiautomatic weapon he was loading. "Hell, we may even win."

She had just finished going over the plan when Marv and Shannon walked in, startling all three of us and prompting Officer Velasquez to jump in front of her trigger happy partner. Officer Richards looked doubly unhappy to see Marv and muttered something about troublemakers running amuck, but Marv remained oblivious to all the drama.

"What is this place?" Shannon asked, taking everything in. The two seemed very impressed with the getup I was wearing. "You guys look like you're going to war."

"It's a secret hideout," I said, "neat huh?"

"Not so secret anymore." Officer Velasquez did not share our enthusiasm. "And don't touch anything," she added when she saw Shannon pointing something out to Marv on top of one of the desks." This was about to get interesting.

"What happened with Tanner?" I asked. "How did you know to call Officer Velasquez?"

"We left for your house as soon as I got your text, but when we got there you were gone. I tried to explain to him that you weren't lying, but your brother accused us of being just as crazy as you soooo..." Shannon and Marv exchanged sheepish smiles.

"So what happened?" I asked, more curious than ever.

"So I had to convince him by doing this." His head transformed into that of a mountain lion's, but his body remained the same. Officer Velasquez shrieked, and Officer Richards may have accidentally swallowed his tongue given the gurgling noises he was making. "The kid from the video gave me the idea. I spent a few hours working on it last night until I finally mastered it. Check this out." He transformed his arms into that of a velociraptor. There were a few more terrified gasps from the officers. "He told me to tell you he's sorry." I just stared at him dumbfounded. "By the way, his eye was swollen shut. He's gonna have a hellavu black eye tomorrow." The velociraptor nodded proudly.

"You can understand that thing?" Officer Velasquez asked with a shaky voice.

"Hey," Marv's head turned back to normal as he pointed several sharp claws in her general direction. "Don't call me thing."

"And what is it that you do?" Officer Velasquez addressed Shannon.

He held his hands up causally and gave her a goofy smile. "I don't really do anything. I mean, I can play the electric guitar and have a perfect score on Zombie and the Trolls from Heaven, but I can't turn into animals or fly."

Zombie and the Trolls from Heaven, Another argument ensued. She was dead set against letting Shannon come with us, since he didn't have any special powers, but he surprised me when he held his ground and informed her he planned on having his friends' backs. I have to admit I was touched that he had referred to me as his friend.

Seeing as we were wasting precious time, she finally agreed to let him come along. Marv decided at the last second to go in the same car as her and Officer Richards in case they bailed on us. I hopped into Shannon's car and we followed after them.

"This is way more fun than playing video games." Shannon was smiling. "My best friend is talking to me again and can turn into animals."

"Why did you guys stop talking," I asked. I remembered Marv had had a difficult time trying to come up with someone who could help him when I first met him.

Shannon appeared a little uncomfortable. "I guess I just didn't fit in with his group of friends. One day we passed each other in the school hallway and didn't say anything to each other."

"Oh."

"It's okay, Marv apologized for acting like a douche nozzle. Hey, do you think I have some special power I don't know about yet? I've been thinking about what I'd like to do and I think invisibility would be pretty cool. You'd get to spy on people and stuff."



"Do you know if your parents have ever worked in a secret lab?" I asked, wondering if Wendy was somewhere out there attacking more of the cheerleaders.

"Nah," he said, drumming his fingers along to the song playing on the radio. "One of my mom's is an accountant and my other mom works at a flower shop."

This completely derailed my train of thought. "Wait, I'm confused. Do you have two moms because your parents divorced?"

"Nope. One of my mom's gave birth to me and the other one gave birth to my younger sister. Pretty cool, huh?"

He was in such a good mood that I didn't want to dash his hopes, but I also didn't want to lead him on either. "I think maybe not, but you never know. Maybe you'll wake up tomorrow and discover that you can shoot lasers out of your eyes."

"Whoa, that would be cool."

Officer Velasquez turned off the main road onto an empty field. Shannon followed after her and treated us to a bumpy ten minutes before she finally slowed down and came to a stop next to a small hillside. As the dust settled around us, I spotted the top of the six-story hospital building about a mile away. She motioned to a clump of bushes that didn't look any more remarkable than the other clumps of bushes around us.

She instructed Officer Richard to stand on the exact spot she was on and pointed to something on the ground before she took several careful steps around the bushes and turned to face him. They both reached down and pulled up. I gasped when they lifted several of the bushes off of the ground. I leaned in closer and saw a small metal trap door. It was very well concealed. No passersby would have ever stumbled upon it. Once they'd set the fake cover down, she took a key out of her pocket, slipped it into the keyhole, and opened the trap door. I leaned over and saw a narrow ladder leading straight down into the darkness and caught a whiff of cool, stale air.

Officer Velasquez reached into her duffel bag and pulled out a two-way radio. She showed Shannon how to use it and instructed him to call only if he thought there was danger.

"I thought I was coming with you?" He wasn't able to hide his disappointment.

"You'll be more useful to us as a lookout," she said kindly.

Officer Richards rolled his eyes and walked away.

Before we ventured into what appeared to be a bottomless abyss, she addressed Marv and me with a very serious adult tone. "This might be dangerous. Are you two sure you're up to this?" We both nodded. A meaningful yet silent exchange passed between her and her partner. "Okay then. Everyone needs to be as quiet as possible, and keep your flashlights pointed to the ground, we want to make sure we have the element of surprise on our side."

Officer Velasquez climbed down first, which was a good thing because the tunnel was much further down than I had initially imagined. We had only walked about fifty feet, and I could still see a little light pouring in from the entrance when Marv made us stop.

"I don't know what's coming, but maybe I should change now just in case." He slipped off the backpack he was carrying, handed it to me, and began to strip. The three of us hurriedly looked away. I couldn't see her face, but I knew Officer Velasquez was probably blushing.

Okay, you can look," Marv's voice was gravelly. He was a velociraptor again.

I picked up his clothes off the floor and neatly folded them before stuffing them into his backpack and laying it on the ground where we could find it later. Officer Richards was practically glowing from how pale he had become.

That's just," he reached out as if to touch Marv's scales but must have thought better of it at the last second because he pulled his hand back, "incredible." The velociraptor and I looked at each other and tried not to burst out laughing.

The downward sloping concrete tunnel was just large enough for us to walk in pairs side by side. The work lights overhead had long burned out, but it made me feel less claustrophobic knowing that people had walked through here at some point in the past. When we reached a split in the tunnel, Officer Velasquez didn't hesitate and steered us to the left. The air began to grow cooler with every twist and turn, and my heart began to pound a little harder. The tunnel path was relatively clean, but a couple of times I heard something scurrying on the ground.

It wasn't until I happened to glance over at Marv that I noticed he appeared a little shorter than he should have. I looked down at my feet and saw I was hovering a few inches off of the ground. I lifted my legs so they were parallel to the floor and flew in the Superman position beside him. I caught the look of surprise on his lamp-like eyes.

"That's awesome," he whispered. Marv had never actually seen me fly. "Seriously, dude, I'm impressed."

"Shhh," Officer Velasquez scolded us. "We're almost there."

It couldn't have been more than a fifteen-minute walk, but it felt like we wandered down there for hours. At the end of the maze-like tunnel was a red metal door that looked impenetrable. Officer Richards prepped his automatic rifle and held it at the ready before giving Officer Velasquez a slight nod. She slipped the key into the door and slowly turned it. It unlocked with a click that sounded monstrously loud to my ears after the relative silence. To add insult to injury, it made a creaking noise as she pushed it open.

The four of us stepped into an empty hanger the size of a football field. Most of the huge white floodlights overhead had burned out creating patches of darkness that loomed ominously. A loud bark cut through the dark, which made the four of us involuntarily jump.

We quickly fanned out. I flew high into the air, making sure I kept to the shadows. It made me feel like Batman. In spite of the situation, I found myself smiling. I could hear Marv's claws clicking on the cement floor as he jogged into the room.

Another bark cut through the silence from the opposite end of the room. As I flew closer I saw what appeared to be a metal cage with a large animal inside. A figure was lying on the ground not too far from it and there seemed to be someone sitting in a chair. I was almost straight overhead when I realized that the seated figure was Mr. Saltzman. I shot straight down. I unsheathed the knife Officer Velasquez had given me for protection and sliced through the ropes that bound his hands and feet together.

He appeared as if he had aged ten years in just a few short days. Mr. Saltzman rubbed his wrists before he carefully removed the duck tape covering his mouth. I patted him on the shoulder and assured him that he was safe, which elicited a weak smile from him. Graham shot straight for Mr. Saltzman as soon as I let him out of the cage.

"Diego!" Officer Velasquez ran over to the figure lying on the ground, removed the hood that had been thrown over his head, and tried to shake him awake.

"He's been drugged," Mr. Saltzman informed her in a croaky voice. "He'll probably be out for another hour or two."

"What did they give him?" she demanded.

The old man shook his head. "I don't know, but we have to get out of here before they return."

Officer Richards was somehow able to lift Diego off of the ground and throw him over his shoulder. Mr. Saltzman's bones cracked and popped loudly as he took his first couple of steps in who knows how long. Marv switched over to Great Dane form, which was more to keep Graham from growling at him than anything else. After a few sniffs to make sure he was okay, Graham let out a happy yelp and the two dogs chased each other in circles a couple of times before bolting back into the tunnel.

The rest of us followed after them. I lagged a little behind, flying overhead and taking in our surroundings. It was strange to think about the fact that my parents had once worked down here and had taken part in the horrible experiments done on children. Goosebumps erupted all over my body. I stopped in mid-air and looked around. Perhaps I was being paranoid, but I just couldn't shake the feeling that we were being watched.





CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR


Shannon, Marv, and I were standing in one of the corners of the warehouse, trying to stay out of the way. Officer Richards had left to get everyone some food after he called the station and put out a warning for police to be on the lookout for three masked men, it wasn't much to go on but at least it was something. Mr. Saltzman was sitting on the couch softly rubbing Graham's head, the two of them looked a little dazed. Diego, who was still unconscious, was lying on the other couch. Officer Velasquez was sitting beside him, holding his hand and whispering softly.

"So what now?" Marv asked, turning his back on the somewhat depressing scene.

"I guess we wait for Diego to wake up and tell us what to do next," I said. After the excitement of going to the lab, coming back to the warehouse without having seen any action was a bit of a let down. I sensed I wasn't the only one who felt that way. The three of us were amped up.

"Guys," Shannon's brown eyes were bright and alert, "are you sure we shouldn't take the old man to the hospital. He seems pretty frail." Now that Shannon wasn't high it was impossible not to notice just how much he worried and fidgeted. He kept rocking up to the balls of his feet and all the way back to his heels. He performed this action over and over again to the point that I had to stop looking at him because I was starting to feel seasick.

"He's a tough old man," Marv assured him.

"If one of you bozos calls me old one more time," Mr. Saltzman warned from across the room, "I'm going to throw you over my knee and show you just how frail I am."

"He's fine," I said with a smirk. "He's been to war."

"Damn straight," Mr. Saltzman said.

"Okay," I placed my hand on Shannon's shoulder and pushed down firmly, "your rocking is starting to make me nervous."

"You'll get used to it," Marv grinned, "eventually."

Shannon forced himself to stop. It appeared to take a great deal of effort on his part. "Hey, I can't help it if I'm an anxious person."

"Aren't there pills that can help you with that sort of thing?" I asked.

Marv's grin turned into a wide smile. He was really enjoying himself. I had the distinct feeling I was touching on a well-worn subject between the two of them.

"My moms don't believe in pills. They think all they do in the long run is make people sicker and cause them to become dependent on them," Shannon admitted. "They're kinda into alternative health stuff, you know, like holistic medicine."

"So what do you take when you want to calm down?" I asked, genuinely curious.

He pulled his pipe out of his pocket and held it up. "All natural one-hundred percent homegrown weed."

"Hold up. "Your moms supply you that stuff?"

"Yeah," Shannon said proudly, stuffing the pipe back into his pocket, "they're pretty cool like that."

"I am seriously not hearing this conversation right now," Officer Velasquez said in a singsong voice.

"My mom's a florist," Shannon informed her, "she has a license." He began rocking back and forth again.

"Maybe you should smoke a little," I whispered, "just enough to calm you down."

"I would," Shannon whispered back, "but I left my stash at home."

"I can still hear you, you know?" Officer Velasquez stood up and stretched her limbs before going over to one of the computer terminals. It seemed like the perfect time to tell her about Wendy.



"Umm," I walked up to her, "I need to tell you something important." She peered up at me curiously. "This guy named Alex Cole was arrested for assault yesterday, but he's innocent."

"What do you mean?" she asked. "One of your classmates gave a statement saying she saw him do it."

"I know it wasn't him because I was looking directly at them when it happened. There's another student who saw it as well. His name is Jesse Kirkson." She jotted down his name. "This is where it gets a little weird. There's this girl named Wendy, she's actually the one who pushed Tracy, but no one saw her do it because she was invisible at the time."

"Christ," she rubbed her temples, "are there any other people running around with powers I should know about."

Someone shouted. I turned around just in time to catch Diego leap behind the couch; a second later it shot into the air above him. A drawer crashed open and a handgun was jettisoned across the room and flew into his outstretched hand.

Almost simultaneously, I was airborne as well, as if my body was instinctually responding. There was a loud roar and the sound of fabric ripping. I looked down and saw Marv's tattered clothes lying on the ground. He was back in velociraptor mode, a wild expression in his blue reptile eyes. The couch careened towards Shannon and Marv below. I flew forward and intercepted it in midair.

"Diego, wait!" Officer Velasquez ran forward. Her body was lifted several feet off the ground and hurled at the nearest wall. She hit it with a dull thud and fell to the ground in a heap.

Diego's dark eyes went wide with shock. Officer Richards walked into the room carrying several brown paper bags filled with burgers. "What the hell," he exclaimed, "I leave you people alone for twenty goddamn minutes and all hell breaks loose."

"Diego," Mr. Saltzman said hurriedly, "you're safe. No one is going to hurt you."

I had been pushing against the couch with all my strength and it was pushing right back. Without warning, it jerked away from me, causing me to lose my equilibrium. I tumbled forward and almost landed right on top of Graham, who was barking madly at the thin, dark-haired man.

Diego was obviously still very groggy and was having a difficult time processing where he was. He lowered the gun to his side as the couch landed back on the same spot. Officer Velasquez stirred on the ground. Shannon ran over and helped her up.

"Are you okay?" he asked. "Did you break anything?"

"I'm fine," she steadied herself, "thanks."

Diego ran forward and hugged his sister. He was practically in tears. "I am so sorry, Gracie. All I saw were blurry figures. Please forgive me."

Marv's head shifted back to human, but his body remained velociraptor. "Well that was interesting." He walked over to his clothes on the floor and cussed.

"Calm down you crazy mutt." Mr. Saltzman was struggling to hold the big dog back.

Officer Richards walked over to the table and started unpacking the food. He was grumbling about being surrounded by lunatics. He unwrapped what appeared to be a baked potato and called Graham's name. The big dog came bounding towards him when he saw food. The large cop threw the potato into the air, which Graham deftly caught and devoured in a few quick bites.

Officer Velasquez found Marv a pair of old sweats and a t-shirt they kept around for emergencies. It was a little surreal to see a velociraptor with human arms and a head take the bundle from her.

"You know," I joked, "maybe you should consider investing in spandex. It might save you a whole lot of money in the future."

Marv rolled his eyes at me and went into the bathroom to change.

Whatever. It wasn't that bad of an idea.

that We ate in relative silence, except for Officer Richards who kept asking Diego to move things around the room. The burly cop had ordered a burger the size of his face and had globs of grease running down his chin. Either he didn't notice or he didn't care. I laughed when a napkin flew directly in front of his face and dangled back and forth. An irate Officer Richards grabbed it out of the air and finally wiped his chin. I caught Diego's eye and he gave me a mischievous wink.

"I think you need to tell Jackson and Marv what happened to you," Mr. Saltzman said after we had finished eating. "They deserve to know the truth."

Diego motioned for Marv and me to take a seat on one of the couches. He and Mr. Saltzman sat on the other one. Officer Velasquez and her partner stayed sitting at the table. Shannon, not knowing where he belonged, ended up joining them.

Although he was only in his late twenties, Diego appeared much older. The stubble on his face was prematurely graying, deep lines had settled around his forehead, mouth, and eyes, and his frailness was more in line with someone Mr. Saltzman's age. He leaned forward and rested his elbows on his legs and interlaced his fingers together. The gesture made him appear infinitely tired and sad. He let out a long breath.

"Okay," Diego said, "here's what happened to me."





CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE (DIEGO'S STORY)


"It was the hottest Christmas Day on record in fifty-three years. I remember it well because our dad had turned down the AC to just short of artic temperatures; forcing us to don the goofy Christmas sweaters he got us every year. We must have been the only house in all of Kane to be running the AC and the fireplace simultaneously.

and "Our parents spoiled us every year, but I remember that was a particularly good one. Gracie got an iPod, and I got the racing bike I'd been pestering them for every waking minute of the day. After breakfast, I was finally permitted to take it out on a test drive.

"Normally, I would have stuck to the streets around my neighborhood, but seeing as it was Christmas I took my chances and headed over to Old Mill Road. My efforts were rewarded. There were no cars on the road, a feeling of invincibility and adventure washed over me. I guess every thirteen-year-old boy feels the same way when he discovers the taste of freedom for the first time.

"I had just gone over the ridge and was happily zooming down the two-lane stretch of road when a man wearing a hospital gown ran out from behind some trees. His sudden appearance was shocking. I slammed the brakes to avoid hitting him, but I lost control and flew off of my bike.

"The man didn't try to help me; instead, he grabbed my bike and tried to get away. I was a small scrawny kid for my age but I knew how to fight and wasn't about to let him steal it from me. I punched him in the back and pulled on his hair. When he turned around, I screamed. He had folds of skin drooping off of his face. It appeared as if his skin was melting off.

"'Help me,'" the monster said.

"There was a loud roaring coming from the woods. The man pulled the skin on his forehead back so he could see. It was difficult to read his expression, but he seemed terrified. He started pedaling downhill, but about a dozen men on motorcycles came crashing out of the woods and surrounded us.

"The helmeted drivers were dressed in military gear, but there were a couple of men in white lab coats riding along with them. One of the men slammed his motorcycle into the monster and knocked him off, bending the front wheel of my bike on impact. I remember thinking I was going to have a long walk home and would be in deep trouble for damaging my new present.

"That's when someone forcefully grabbed me in a bear hug from behind. I kicked my legs wildly, but the man holding me tightened his grip on me. I was so scared I was going to be squeezed to death that I stopped resisting. One of the men dressed like a doctor walked over to me and stuck a large needle into my neck. Within seconds, the world became blurry and everything went dark.

"I woke up in a brightly lit white room. There was a collar around my neck that was connected to the wall via a metal chain. It was long enough that it allowed me to lie down, but not much else. The only thing in the room was a bucket with a lid lying next to me. I opened it up but it was empty. It didn't take long to figure out what it was for.

"On the opposite side of the room was a floor-length mirror. Below it was a tray of food with a couple pieces of fruit, a bottle of water, what appeared to be a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, and some cookies. I tried to yank the chain out of the wall, but it wouldn't budge. I don't now how many hours I must have spent crying, knocking on the walls, and calling out for help, but no one came to my aid.

"At some point I noticed a piece of paper had been slipped into one of my pockets. It read: When you are truly hungry, you will find that you can move objects with your mind. I read the words over and over again, but their meaning didn't become any clearer.

"Seconds turned into minutes, minutes turned into hours, and hours finally stretched into days. When I wasn't sleeping, I was fruitlessly trying to remove the collar from around my neck. My thoughts began to darken. I'm ashamed to admit that I attempted to strangle myself with the collar. I thought whoever was watching me on the other side of the mirror would surely intervene, but I was mistaken. I came to the brink, but I was ultimately too much of a coward to embrace death.



"Isolation and hunger began to take its toll. Thoughts of the food just out of reach consumed me. I stared at the tray until it was the only thing in my world, until it was the only thing that existed. Because in a way, it was.

"And then the tray moved. Just a little. Only about an inch. But it had moved. I picked up the slip of paper and read it again. Was it possible? Could I really move things with my mind? Or was I so hungry and dehydrated that I had actually begun to hallucinate?

"I focused all of my energy on the tray until my eyes watered from concentration and I thought I was going to pass out from exertion. And then the tray slid across the floor and stopped within reach. I picked up the apple and took a bite. It was the most delicious thing I'd ever put in my mouth. I ate the entire thing, seeds and all.

"The food unclouded my head and renewed my strength. I sat on the ground cross-legged and focused all my attention on the empty tray. I imagined tendrils of wispy energy shooting out of my body and wrapping itself around the tray. I imagined those tendrils lifting the tray into the air. I cried out in shock when the tray lifted off of the ground. The fear I'd felt for days melted away and was replaced by hope. I slammed the tray into the mirror over and over again. I didn't care if it took me a million tries; I was somehow going to get out of there.

"I cried out again when the mirror slid up and out of sight, leaving a sort of doorway in its place. The doctor who had injected me came into the room followed by several helmeted armed men. I considered trying to take a gun off of one of the armed men with my mind, but the doctor guessed my intentions and cautioned against it. He was holding something in his hand, which he threw at me. It was a picture of my mom, dad, and Gracie walking out of the house. They looked miserable. He introduced himself as Doctor Norman and informed me that if I complied they would remain safe, but if I didn't I would have no family to return to when once they finally released me.

"Over the next few days I found myself wondering who these people were. It was clear that I had stumbled upon some type of covert military operation, but I couldn't imagine the United States Government would condone such evil. The only time I saw another human being in those first few weeks was when the mirror lifted off the ground just high enough to allow a tray of food to be slid into the room and I caught a glimpse of a pair of hands or boots.

"I began to grow more and more despondent. I was considering taking my life again when a female scientist came to see me. She was alone and appeared very nervous. I thought that maybe I could hold her for ransom, but I was afraid they would hurt my family. At first I was very distrustful of her, but Emma Humes seemed like a kind soul.

"She sat down just a few feet away from me and apologized for my situation. She told me that she was doing the best she could to get me out of there and that I had to remain strong. She said that my parents were sick with worry and loved me very much. I began to sob. After who knows how long, someone was showing me kindness. She made me promise not to tell anyone about her visit, especially Doctor Norman, and said she would visit me again when she could.

"A few days later the lights went out in my cell. Several armed guards stormed into the room. Before I knew what was happening, they placed a black hood over my head and securely locked it around my neck. My legs and hands were shackled together. I was roughly led out of my cell for the first time in weeks. Even though I couldn't see anything, I could hear crying and screaming all around me. It was then that I realized I was not the only child being held captive.

"This became a common occurrence on the days they experimented on me. Sometimes the lights went out, sometimes a flash grenade was thrown into the room so that I was blinded, and sometimes my food would be laced to knock me out. Whatever the process, it always ended with me strapped to a metal chair that had all sorts of needles, lasers, and sensors sticking out of it.



"Emma was always present during the experiments, offering me words of encouragement and ending the session when it got to be too much for me. I could tell this greatly annoyed Doctor Norman, the man had absolutely zero humanity in him, but he put up with it because he saw how effective she was. Throughout all of the experiments there were always armed guards present, but I never got to see their faces because they wore helmets. They also never spoke, but I came to recognize all of them by their size and the small gestures they made. It's amazing how good you can get at reading body language when there isn't much else to do.

"As my power grew stronger, the experiments became more elaborate. One day they set up a TV in the lab with an image of a large tractor in the middle of a field. It took me a long time before I was able to lift it off of the ground with my mind. I later found out that it was a live feed from somewhere fifty miles away.

"The experiments began to take a toll on me after a while. I got so sick I thought I was going to die. During this period Emma came into my cell everyday and spent hours with me. Some days she would read to me, and others she would just hold my hand while I floated in and out of consciousness. When I got better, I could tell she was relieved, but I could tell she was also sad about it. I don't think she wished me any harm, but I think she hoped I would die to end my misery.

"It was during the time I was sick that Emma finally told me what was going on. She explained that the scientists working there had never intended to involve children in their work and had only ever used military soldiers who had volunteered for the top-secret project. I learned from her that several of the scientists had complained to the higher ups, but that their families had been threatened if they tried to take action. I realized she was just as scared as I was.

"One day she came into my cell carrying a little cupcake. Her eyes were very red and puffy, as if she had been crying. I begged her to tell me what was wrong, but she wouldn't give me an answer. I asked her why she had brought me a cupcake and she told me it was my birthday. It was a shock to learn that I had been locked up for over nine months.

"On the days that Doctor Norman was too busy to come to one of my sessions, I worked with Doctor Weintraub, who was the second in command and the nicer of the two. Even though the experiments bordered on human torture, I actually grew to look forward to the days that I worked with him.

"One day I was taken into the main lab and noticed twice as many guards as usual. Even Emma, who was usually in a good mood given the circumstances, seemed tense. After I had been taken back to my cell, she explained that Doctor Weintraub had been stealing vials of serum out of the lab and that his house had been searched and incriminating evidence found suggesting he was trying to sell the serum to enemy foreign governments. I sensed that Emma never quite believed this about him, but she never spoke her doubts out loud.

"The endlessly long days blurred one into the next. I measured the passage of time not by weeks and months, but by how much I had grown, how much hair had sprouted on my chest, and how deep my voice had gotten. I took to doing sit-ups and push-ups to keep myself from going crazy. I was trying to break my personal best when Emma came into my cell and handed me another cupcake without a word. I was officially fifteen-years-old. She had cut her hair short. I noticed her belly was growing. She gave me a hug and walked out. I never saw her again.

"It was some time later that I woke up to the sounds of screaming and gunshots coming from all around me. A guard rushed into my cell with his weapon drawn, but instead of shooting me he urged me to follow him. As we ran down the corridors I caught glances of similar rooms like the one I had been kept in. I saw the guards shooting little children indiscriminately. One of them tried to stop us, but I had spent two years honing my power and snapped his neck with my mind. It was the first time I killed a man.

"I used my powers to cut off the electricity. We stumbled through the darkness fighting men off, the light from the weapons firing our only illumination. Somehow we managed to escape. I was shocked when we came out of a long tunnel. It was a warm, clear night. I collapsed on the ground and cried.

"I wanted to go home more than anything else, but the guard who helped me escape told me it was too risky, that I would put my family in serious danger. There was a moment when all of my rage came up to the surface and I was seconds away from killing him, but then he removed his helmet. The remorse and anguish I saw in his eyes caught me by surprise. Close to tears, he told me that he wanted to help me. He got down on his knees and begged me to let him do the right thing.

"We ended up taking refuge at his friend's house in Virginia. Josh, who was in the CIA at the time, was an old military buddy of the guard who helped me escape. He didn't have a hard time believing what had occurred at Hanger 11 and gave the two of us new identities.

"Although I wanted to reach out to my family, I knew it was way too dangerous. I made it my life's mission to find the men who robbed me of my childhood and took me away from my family. I ended up joining the CIA after graduating college.

"For years I have tried to piece together what happened at Hanger 11 after we escaped. I know from Mr. Saltzman that the children that were experimented on were orphans, specifically chosen because they wouldn't have relatives that would miss them. I also know that all of them are dead.

"All of the scientists that worked there ended up dying. Some during the time that I was locked up, but most of them died in the explosion that occurred the night we escaped. The few men who knew about the experiments covered everything up before also suffering mysterious deaths. I don't believe in coincidences. I think Doctor Norman finally worked out the superhuman serum he had been developing and murdered everyone involved.

"He's still out there. I think it's time he pays for his sins."





CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX





Everyone remained silent after Diego finished. Mr. Saltzman appeared greatly diminished, his shoulders were hunched forward and he had tears in his eyes. Officer Richards and Shannon were in utter disbelief. I was somewhere between wanting to cry and wanting to throw up. Marv's hands were balled up into fists; his knuckles had gone completely white. The realization that Doctor Norman was behind our parents' deaths was more than I could process. I always believed that they had died in a car accident. They had died in a car accident, only now I knew it hadn't been an accident.





had "It's okay to feel angry," Diego said quietly. "Even after all these years, I still struggle with it. You just have to make sure that it doesn't consume you."

A crying Officer Velasquez walked over to Diego and collapsed into his arms. "Why didn't you ever tell me any of this?"

Diego rubbed her shoulder. He looked infinitely sad. "It happened a long time ago. I never wanted you to carry my burden. You've already suffered in so many different ways than I ever had to."

I couldn't even begin to imagine what she must have been feeling at the moment. I thought of Tanner and how angry I'd been at him earlier in the day. Now I just wanted to reach out to him and let him know I was okay.

"Can I borrow your phone?" I asked Marv.

"I'm going to kill him," Marv said softly. "When we find him, I'm going to tear his limbs off with my teeth. I'm going to make him suffer."

His words startled me. I wasn't the only one. Mr. Saltzman was looking at him with great concern. I was just as angry as Marv, but I didn't think I would ever be able to kill someone. I didn't think it would be something you could ever come back from. I needed to pull Marv out of the dark place he had slipped into, but the words weren't there.

"I think we should all just take a moment and settle down," Officer Richards said. "I know emotions are high right now, but we are going to find this lunatic and bring him to justice using the full weight of the law."

I knew Marv well enough to know the officer's words had no impact on him. He handed me his phone. The look in his eyes scared me.

I punched Tanner's number into the phone and barely noticed when the line stopped ringing. "Hey Tanner, it's Jackson—"

"Hello, Jackson," said the voice on the other end that was definitely not my brother's.

"Who is this?"

"That was quite the little rescue you and your cop friends staged." There was sinister amusement in his voice. The hair on my arms stood on end. "Was that a velociraptor I saw with you?"

Suddenly I felt like I was at the bottom of the ocean; my stomach turned to ice, my ears buzzed with fear, and everything became fuzzy. My instincts had been right, Doctor Norman had been watching us the entire time. I stood up and felt all the blood rush out of my head. "Who is this?" I demanded. "What have you done with Tanner?"

The cops jumped into action. Officer Velasquez took the phone out of my hand and put it on speaker. She took out a pen and a small pad and mouthed, "What's his number?" As soon as I had finished writing it down, she hurried over to one of the computers. Officer Richards whipped out his phone and began recording the conversation.

"It's not what I have done with him, but what I'm going to do if you don't follow my instructions exactly as I say." He paused to make sure the threat had ample time to form imageries in my head. "I want you, Diego, and your prehistoric friend to meet me behind the school bleachers at your high school in half an hour, and you better come alone. If I so much as smell any cops in the area, you will never hear from your brother again. Understood?"

A hard lump formed in my throat, making speech all but impossible. I finally got the word yes out.

yes "Good. I'll call you with further instructions once I see that you have followed directions." The line went silent.

"We have another problem." Shannon held up his phone. "The meeting tonight is taking place in the football field at Stanley High School in thirty minutes. The place is going to be swarming with parents, teachers, and students."

"I got something," Officer Velasquez called out. I ran over to where she was sitting and stared at the map on the screen. I tried to make sense of it but didn't recognize the geography. "This can't be right she mumbled."

"What can't be right?" I couldn't keep the rising panic out of my voice.

"It says here that the call came from somewhere up in Canada on the other side of the country. There's no possible way your brother could have been taken there that fast. I saw him just a few hours ago. A trip like this would take at least eight hours."

Officer Richards came over and frowned at the screen. "Maybe he's using some sort of technology that scrambles his location and bounces it to somewhere else."

"Or maybe," Diego said, "he can cover large distances in a short amount of time. Wasn't that one of the experiments he was working on?"

Mr. Saltzman nodded once.

"I'm calling it in," Officer Richards said, pulling out his phone.

Marv spoke up before I could. "You heard him, he'll hurt Tanner if the cops are there."

"A lot more people might get hurt if they aren't," Officer Richards said somberly. "After hearing Diego's story, I don't think any of us should be willing to take that chance."

Diego slowly backed away. Both officers' guns, and portable radios, along with the cell phone Officer Richards was about to use, darted across the room and landed on the table. Before they'd had a chance to protest, the officers flew into the air as well. Officer Velasquez's handcuffs flew out of her belt and snapped itself around her left hand and Officer Richards' right hand. The other set of handcuffs wrapped itself around his left hand and onto a pipe that was running along the wall. Finally, both sets of handcuff keys coasted through the air and onto Diego's outstretched palm.

"Diego, have you lost your mind?" Mr. Saltzman protested, turning from the shocked officers and facing off against the much younger man.

"Sadly I haven't, but it has to be this way. Doctor Norman has hidden himself for thirteen years. I'm not going to let this opportunity slip by."

"I will not stand by and let you put these kids in danger," Mr. Saltzman said. "I can't, not again."

"Do you remember how Josh told us years ago that the CIA had come up with a technology that could help keep track of their agents?" he asked. Mr. Saltzman nodded. "Well I let them inject me. Josh will be able to track me down."

"That's fine for you, but I still can't let you take Marv and Jackson. They're innocent in all of this. Haven't they suffered enough?"

"I want to go," Marv said defiantly. "And you can't stop me."

The situation was devolving quickly.

"A guard once asked a fifteen-year-old boy to let him do the right thing, do you remember?"

All the fight left Mr. Saltzman. "I remember."

"This is how you can make things right. This is how you can make amends for not helping all those frightened children who were locked up and got gunned down. This is how you can honor the memories of those slain that the world has forgotten."

"If something happens to them," Mr. Saltzman's voice broke, "I will never forgive myself and I will never forgive you."

"I will not let any harm come to them. I promise." He motioned to the cops who were fruitlessly struggling to escape. "Keep an eye on them. Whatever you do, don't let them blow this for us. The kid here can help you." He pointed to Shannon.

"Diego, don't do this," his sister pleaded.

Diego turned his back on her. "Let's go, he said to Marv and me, "it's time for payback."

I took one glance behind me. Shannon and Mr. Saltzman seemed at a loss for what to do. Officer Velasquez had an expression of grief and betrayal on her face. But nothing compared to Officer Richards face. The man was pissed. I hurried out of the warehouse, wondering if it would be the last time I would ever see them again.





CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN


Marv found a parking spot on the street behind the school bleachers. A few stragglers were running down the sidewalk towards the side gate onto the field, but most everyone else must have already been seated because I could hear the strange buzzing sound of hundreds of people all congregated in one area. On the opposite side of the street was a row of well-kept homes. The smell of freshly cut grass hung in the air.

Diego's cell phone rang almost as soon as we got out of the car. It couldn't have just been coincidence. I looked around to see if anyone was watching us, but there was no one around. His expression darkened as he listened and he glanced at Marv and me. Whatever it was, it couldn't be good.

"What is it?" Marv asked impatiently, when the call was finished.

"Doctor Norman wants us to hop into the white van that will be pulling up shortly—"

"A white van, seriously?" I interrupted. "That is literally the worst idea I've ever heard."

Diego scowled at me, making him look even more tired than usual. "He says the three of us are going to be injected with something that will knock us out but won't hurt us, and that his men will take us to him. That part is non-negotiable. He'll let Tanner go in return."

"What are we really going to do?" Marv asked. He gave me the impression that he was ready to kick some serious ass.

"Exactly as he asks," Diego said calmly.

"There's no way I'm letting that lunatic or anyone else inject me." Marv said angrily.

Usually I wasn't one for confrontation, but Diego's plan sucked. "I say we take one of his guys hostage and make an exchange." Marv seconded my proposal.

Diego held up his hand for both of us to shut up. "Josh will be able to find me. He'll send the help we need."

"How is Josh going to find us?" Marv asked, not backing down. "You haven't even spoken to him."

Diego pulled something up on his phone and tossed it to Marv. "For years I've kept an email draft outlining what Josh should do if I was ever captured again. I sent it to him on our way here. Read it."

Marv handed me the phone when he was done. The email gave Josh specific instructions to follow and included a short list of people to contact. I checked the timestamp and saw it had been sent ten minutes ago.

"Why didn't you tell anyone sooner?" I asked.

"I needed to make sure I could deliver a bigger fish. Without Doctor Norman, the powers that be would've run their own experiments on me. Perhaps they wouldn't be as cruel as he was, but I decided a long time ago that I would rather die than spend one more day locked up."

"So you're going to use us as bait and throw us to the wolves?" Marv spat. "How does that make you any better than Doctor Norman?"

"I have waited too long for this. You do not have a choice." There was a hint of a threat in his tone. Perhaps leaving the officers behind had been a huge mistake.

"What are you going to do if we don't agree?" Marv got right up in his face until they were eye to eye. He was definitely the more menacing of the two, but Diego didn't flinch.

My vision went white. A searing pain like I'd never experienced knocked me to the ground. It's as if my intestines were being squeezed from the inside. It hurt so bad that I couldn't even cry out. Right when I wanted to die from the agony it vanished, but the phantom shockwaves continued to roll through my body. My vision slowly returned. Marv was kneeling beside me looking completely helpless.

"That was just a small amount of pressure," Diego said quietly. "I don't want to hurt either of you, but I also don't want you to underestimate what I am willing to do to capture Doctor Norman."



Marv took several decisive steps forward and punched Diego in the face. The force knocked him off of his feet and he landed on his butt in the middle of the street. The buzzing on the bleachers lowered until there was mostly silence. Our principal introduced herself and thanked the councilman, MaryAnn, all the volunteers for organizing the event, and everyone who showed up. It was almost impossible to imagine hundreds of people could be so blissfully unaware of what was happening behind them.

"You're just as evil as Doctor Norman," Marv said, his fists shaking with anger. "All we wanted to do was to help you and this is how you repay us."

"No," he spoke calmly. "You want a petulant child's revenge, which will gain you nothing in the end. I want to ensure that we are left alone. I want to guarantee our freedom. That won't happen without Doctor Norman."

A white van turned onto the street a few blocks away. Diego quickly stood up and moved out of the way. As soon as it came to a stop, a man I recognized jumped out of the back of the vehicle. It was the same man who had attacked me in the cabin. There was a wild look in his eyes; he was holding a syringe. His other arm wasn't an arm at all but a large boa constrictor. The snake struck forward and wrapped itself tightly around Diego's midsection, pinning his arms to his side. My attacker stuck the needle into Diego's neck; but before he could finish injecting him, he doubled over in pain and collapsed to his knees holding his crotch. Diego stumbled back. The syringe was dangling from his neck; he pulled it out and let it fall to the ground.

The driver came around the corner and saw his friend on the ground in pain. He had a phone pressed to his ear. "We got trouble. Apparently they want to do this the hard way." He pocketed his phone and picked Diego up, who looked to be on the verge of passing out, and unceremoniously dumped him into the back of the van. He cracked his knuckles and gave us a wicked smile. "I was hoping I would get to try out my new skill."

My attacker stood up, slowly peeling his shirt off with his non-hissing snake arm; his chest was covered in tattoos. Black hairy legs began to sprout out of the sides of his ribcage. Marv leapt forward and slammed him to the ground. The man's body was changing rapidly. Marv's head shifted to a mountain lion's and snapped at the spot where the man's face had been just a second ago, but it was now a black mass of horror.

I charged at the other man. My feet had barely left the ground when he grabbed me like a ragdoll, and flung me impossibly high into the sky. I flipped head over heels past rows of houses before coming to a stop in midair. It took me a moment to get my bearings. The van was five blocks away. The ground was even further.

Marv the mountain lion came soaring into view, his limbs were flailing wildly and he was shouting for my help. I zoomed forward so fast I had to squint to keep my eyes from drying out. I was several hundred feet away from him when his body reached the apex. He hovered for a split second before his trajectory shifted downward.

My pulse was pounding in my body as I flew at a downward slope, calculating the exact spot were our paths would collide. I knocked the wind out of the mountain lion as I smashed into him and wrapped my arms around his midsection. The big cat locked his limbs around me so hard it almost made it hard to breathe. We were falling way too fast. I tried to apply the airbrakes, but the extra weight was making it impossible to fully control my flying. I spotted a pool several houses away.

"HOLD YOUR BREATH! WE'RE ABOUT TO GET WET!"

The impact parted the water and sent it shooting up into the air before it came crashing down on top of us. His body shielded mine and took the brunt of the fall, but I still got the wind knocked out of me. My grip slipped as we both got tossed around underwater. There was a moment where I didn't know which way was up. I kicked my arms and legs trying to get to the surface. My empty lungs needed air.

We broke the water at the exact same time and took huge gulps of air. Marv's head dipped below the water several times before I realized he was struggling to stay afloat. I swam over to him and helped him to the side of the pool. We pulled ourselves out and collapsed on the warm cement.

"Are you hurt?" I asked breathless.

All four of Marv's limbs were splayed out in the shape of an X with his head pressed directly against the concrete. His ribcage was working overtime as it expanded and contracted. "My back is stinging like a million fire ants are doing an Irish jig on it, but I don't think I broke anything." He lifted his head up and looked at me. "Let's never do that again."

"Jackson," a man said, walking into the backyard. I scrambled to my feet, but when I got a better look at the man's face I froze. I'd seen him in my dreams many times throughout the years. Sure, he was a little older, his hair a little grayer, and there were a few more wrinkles on his face, but it was the face of one of the people I would have given anything to see again.

"Dad?" I asked stunned, not daring to believe that the ghost could be real.





CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT





"Yes, son." He nodded and smiled.





"Wait, what?" Marv asked bewildered.

"But I thought you and mom were killed in the accident?" My whole body began to shake involuntarily.

"Your mom died in the accident, but I survived. The government has been hiding me all of these years. When I found out Diego was coming into town, I knew he was coming for the scientists' children he injected. Diego is not who he says he is, Diego is Doctor Norman. He's been lying to you all of this time. I can get you to safety, but you have to come with me, and we have to leave now before his men find us."

Coming face to face with my dad after thirteen years was an incredibly surreal experience. I tried to take in everything about him all at once. A hard lump formed in my throat. Until that very moment I had never fully understood the hole my parents had left in my life. My dad pulled me into a hug. I began to sob uncontrollably.

It took every ounce of strength I had in me to finally pull away. Even then, I couldn't entirely let go of him and held onto his arm. I was afraid if I let go he would vanish from my life again.

My dad squeezed my shoulder. "C'mon, let's get out of here."

Marv had transformed himself into Graham's doppelganger during my ugly cry. The three of us exited through the side of the house and scanned the surrounding area, but there was no sign of Doctor Norman's super villains. Luck was definitely on our side because it didn't appear as if we had caught the neighbors' attentions, which was a miracle given the giant tidal wave we'd unleashed when crashing into the pool.

I reluctantly released my dad's arm when I saw a woman tending her garden. Between the giant unleashed dog and me being soaking wet, we looked pretty out of place. Unsurprisingly, she watched us with open hostility as we passed by.

"Hey," Marv said, his doggy face was lined with worry. "What about Diego and his goons? Should we call the cops or something? We can't just leave them wandering around, they might hurt someone."

"Help is already on its way," my dad said casually, several paces ahead of us.

Marv looked up at me startled. It took me a few seconds to realize why. My dad had understood what Marv had said. Had he taken the serum? Did he have a special ability as well? Something felt off. He seemed entirely too chill given the situation. I mimed to Marv to keep quiet.

"What about Aunt Margaret ? She doesn't even know that Tanner was taken."

Margaret "Don't worry about your Aunt Margaret," he said over his shoulder, a hint of impatience in his tone, "we'll get in contact with her later and explain everything."

I stopped dead in my tracks. My aunt's name was Marigold not Margaret. She'd hated the name ever since she was a little girl and had told everyone to call her Margie when she was seven. Only a few people knew, or even remembered, her real name. She'd told me stories about my dad calling her Marigold whenever he wanted to annoy her. Even after all of these years, I was sure it wasn't something he would've forgotten.

"You're not my dad," I said. The range of emotions I was feeling was threatening to overwhelm me.

The man who was not my father stopped and turned to face us. He tilted his head to one side, a twisted grin on his face. Goosebumps ran up my arm and down my spine. It was the same gesture the Silhouette had made when he had tried to kidnap me. Marv let out a low growl. It was more animal than human. The man put two fingers in his mouth and let out a piercing whistle.

"RUN!" Marv shouted.

The two of us bolted down the street. An engine roared behind us. I caught a quick glimpse of the white van speeding towards us. What appeared to be an enormous hairy tarantula was perched on top of the roof of the van. We turned the corner and ran into someone's backyard.



"You have to shift into something that can fly," I said urgently, "it's the only way we'll get away." The van came to a noisy stop somewhere nearby. We were out of time.

"Hey!" A man came out of a sliding glass door. "What the hell are you doing in my backyard?"

His face turned chalk white. I spun around and saw the giant tarantula in middle of the yard. It raised its multiple front legs off the grass and clicked its long, sharp pincers. There was a round of hearty screaming from all three of us. Its movements were so fast I didn't even detect them until the tarantula was directly on top of me, its long pincers just inches from my face. A large mountain lion slammed into the spider, letting out a hair-raising roar. The two rolled across the lawn, a tangle of legs viciously striking out at one another.

I flew straight up into the air and saw the van driver making his way to the backyard; he was wearing a black ski mask. I shot forward feet first and slammed both legs into his back, catching him by surprise. He spun around and reached out to grab me, but I tucked my legs as I pulled back up. He picked up a trashcan and flung it at me so fast and with such force that I was barely able to get out of the way, seconds later it crashed into a car, which set off the alarm.

"Come and get me." I taunted, trying to lure him away from Marv.

My plan worked. I tried to tire him out by forcing him to jump. I bobbed up and down putting myself just within his grasp and pulling up at the last second, which pissed him off greatly. He finally gave up and walked over to the huge oak tree in the front yard. I watched completely stunned as he grabbed it around the base of the trunk and yanked it out of the ground. A couple of freaked out birds flew out of the tree squawking loudly. He spun around in circles going faster and faster before he released it straight at me. I flew out of its path just in time and watched horrified as it slammed into the back of a house a block over with a booming crack that sounded like lightening.

The strongman grabbed the motorcycle that was parked in the driveway and hurled it at me, which I was barely able to dodge. It landed on top of a car in an explosion of metal and shattering glass. A couple of people ran out of their homes to see what all the commotion was about. I needed to keep him from harming anyone.

His attention shifted to the large SUV parked in the driveway. He bent over and grabbed it from underneath. I flew straight at him, catching him off guard. The few seconds he deliberated picking it up or dropping it gave me the time I needed to yank the ski mask off of his head. It smelled like sweat and something sour that made me want to vomit, but it was a small inconvenience I was willing to put up with if it helped protect my identity.

I soared high into the air searching for Marv. I spotted the giant spider chasing after the mountain lion a few blocks away. They were heading straight for the football field. I also saw a huge banana boat of a car racing down the street. It was Officer Velasquez's car!

Now that my face was covered, I wasn't as scared of flying out in the open. As I got closer to the football field, I heard a booming voice through the speakers talking about the importance of being vigilant and how we had to rise up to terrorists. Officer Velasquez's car came to a screeching halt, leaving tire treads on the road and kicking up a dirty cloud of dust. She and Officer Richards jumped out with their weapons drawn, using the car doors as shields.

The elation that came with seeing them was short-lived. The tarantula was about twenty feet away from them, busily spinning something large and bulky into a white cocoon. Hope turned to horror when it hit me that Marv was trapped inside.

"Shoot the spider," I called down frantic. "He's one of Dr. Norman's goons. There's another one who has super strength. They injected Diego and have him in a white van. Doctor Norman can transform himself into other people. He was pretending to be my dad, but he could have turned into someone else by now."



Officer Velasquez nodded once, aimed at the huge spider, and fired off three shots in rapid succession. The giant tarantula jumped through the air in an arc and landed on the other side of the fence before it scurried away almost too fast to see.





There was complete silence for a moment before the screaming started. The two officers ran after the monster. If they were at all scared, they didn't show it.

"Marv?" I called out, landing on the ground just a few feet away from the motionless white cocoon. I got no response.

I unsheathed the knife I had from earlier and walked around the large cocoon. I had to get him out of there, but I was afraid I was going to hurt him in the process if I wasn't careful. I tried making a small cut, but it was so tightly wound that it felt like I was attempting to cut through wire. I put more pressure on the knife and it sunk through several inches. It took some doing, but I was finally able to make a large circular cut. I cleared the area out and followed the same pattern. After the third time of doing this, I saw yellow fur. One of Marv's arms popped out and began tearing through the sticky substance with his long claws. I got out of his way and watched as he dug himself out of the cobweb grave. He was covered in a layer of the sticky stuff, and he looked frightened, but at least he was alive.

There was another round of shots and more screaming. We jumped into action. The mountain lion ran into the field as I flew over the bleachers. Hundreds of screaming parents and students were jumping over the railings and each other trying to get out of harm's way. No one knew where to run. It was complete pandemonium.





CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE


The giant tarantula jumped onto the small stage that had been set up on the field. A man I recognized as the councilman foolishly tried to reason with it. The spider jumped on top of him and pinned him to the ground. MaryAnn screamed and jumped off of the stage. The principal and vice principal grabbed their folding chairs and hit the spider, but the spider used one of its many arms to knock the chairs away while it simultaneously clamped its giant pincers on the councilman's head and squeezed. An explosion of blood shot out in all directions. I almost threw up right there and then.

A yellow blur leapt through the air and collided into the spider, sending the two of them crashing off of the stage. I flew towards them, unsure of how I could help. The mountain lion and tarantula rolled over one another, trying to pin each other down. Marv's powerful jaws clamped down on one of the spider's legs, and he furiously shook his head side to side. The spider emitted a terrifying sound.

There was a whole new round of terrified screaming. Dozens of people were slowly rising off of the ground. Their limbs flailed wildly as they tried to find something to grab, but there was nothing around them but air. They stopped rising for a brief moment and then they shot straight up at an alarming speed.

"Please help me," someone cried out. It was a voice I recognized.

I found the person whose legs weren't moving and flew towards him. I wrapped my arms around Caleb's waist and tried to fly him to safety, but his body wouldn't budge. I yanked on him harder, but his body was locked in place.

"I'm going to figure something out," I said, trying to assure him. "Just try to stay calm."

"Jackson," he asked panicked, "is that you?"

Why hadn't I attempted to disguise my voice? "Just hang tight," I said, feeling useless. It was a poor choice of words.

A helicopter was making its way toward the field. I couldn't even begin to imagine what the pilot was making of everything he was seeing. It probably appeared like the end of the world.

Below me, the strongman was making his way over to where mountain lion and the spider were fighting on the ground. I called out to Marv to warn him, but there was no way he was going to hear me over all the noise. The strongman grabbed Marv and tried to toss him in the air again, but the mountain lion was ready for him this time and dug his claws deep into the man's chest.

The spider tried to scurry away, but Marv had caused it major damage because its movement was erratic and drunkenly. I flew downward at a steep angle with the knife held directly in front of me. The setting orange sun betrayed my position because the tarantula noticed my long shadow on the ground. It spun around and lifted his body ready to fight me off. The pincers snapped at my head, but I knocked them away with my arm. I was slightly aware of the skin on my forearm tearing open and my arm becoming instantly warm with moisture, but it was not high on my list of priorities.

The razor sharp blade slid all the way to the hilt into his exposed underbelly. The force knocked the spider on its back. It let out a piercing shriek that no human would have been capable of making. I flipped over his body like a gymnast and landed on my feet. I had no clue about the anatomy of a spider, but it didn't stop me from repeatedly stabbing it over and over again. Pools of blood began to trickle out of every new cut I made. It tried to fight me off, but it was growing weaker and weaker. I aimed for one of its many eyes and was about to stab it when it suddenly transformed back into a naked tattooed man. He was dead. I dropped the knife and recoiled in horror. I had just killed a human being.

Everything around me slowed down. The helicopter was hovering a safe distance away from all the airborne people. Marv the mountain lion was lying motionless on the grass about fifty feet away. People were still trying to climb down from the bleachers. Some were clearly hurt. Some had gone into shock. A few had their cell phones out and were recording the whole thing. Doctor Norman was nowhere in sight. The strongman had deep slashes all over his body and was covered in blood, but he didn't seem fazed by it. He was heading directly for me. Murder was written in his eyes.



I took to the air right as the dozens of floating people around me began to plummet to the ground. I went for the girl closest to me and wrapped my arms around her. My tired body wasn't working properly; my injured arm was throbbing with pain. I spun on my back so that my body could take most of her weight, but it only made us drop out of the sky that much faster. I was no longer flying. I was falling. I tried to slow us down, but the girl's screaming was making it difficult to concentrate. We came to such a jarring halt that the sheer weight of her body knocked the wind out of me. I looked over my shoulder and saw that we were just a few feet away from the ground. I awkwardly rolled her off of me and helped her stand up. She was covered in my blood and screaming bloody murder.

"RUN!" I told her. She nodded and began to run right into my attacker. "The other way!"

The strongman smiled at her. He reached forward and was about to grab her when the screaming girl vanished. We stood there staring at the empty spot, both dumbfounded.

What the hell had just happened?

What the hell had just happened? I looked around and saw dozens of people hovering just a few feet off the ground. The strongman reached for the next person closest to him, but she vanished as well. I saw her reappear across the field; there was someone with her but only for less than a millisecond.

A figure appeared right in front of me so fast that I almost fell backwards. She reached out and steadied me with one hand. I couldn't see her face because she had on a baseball cap, yellow skiing goggles, and a white handkerchief covering most of it, but I saw a bit of exposed dark skin.

She gave me a small nod before she vanished, leaving a strong gust of wind in her wake. The hovering people around us began to disappear one by one.

The strongman came straight for me. Officer Velasquez and Officer Richards appeared on either side of me. I heard them instruct the other officers not to shoot the mountain lion or me. I got out of the way as the cops began to unload a barrage of bullets into the strongman. All the bullets stopped short of making contact, and he kept walking forward looking completely unconcerned. The dozen or so officers continued to fire as they began to pull back.

The sound of metal grinding overhead made me look up. The helicopter's blades began to slow down and it tilted to one side. The officer who had been shooting at the strongman fell out of the opening. My body instinctively shot into the air. I had almost reached him when the helicopter began to fall. We both tumbled inside. The pilot was shouting frantically. The officer unclipped his harness and yelled at me that we had to go. I wanted to save the other guy as well, but the helicopter was in free-fall.

"HANG ON TO ME." I could barely hear myself over the emergency sirens and screaming.

The officer jumped on my back, and I shot out of the opening. I felt a huge wave of heat as it crashed onto the stage in a fiery explosion. The officer jumped off of me before I had even landed and turned back toward the helicopter shouting his friend's name.

I flew back into the air searching for Marv, but he was no longer anywhere in sight. I climbed higher into the air, trying not to panic, when something rammed into me. Doctor Norman was holding me from behind with my arms pinned to my sides. He flew straight down. My stomach didn't know if it wanted to shoot out of my feet or out of my mouth. He was going to slam me into the ground and kill me.

A wave of hatred like I'd never felt before rolled through my body and made the blood in my veins pulse with fire. I threw my head back as hard as I could and felt the explosion of pain as I made contact with his face and broke his nose. He immediately released me. I managed to change my trajectory and slow myself down, but I still hit the ground hard. Something snapped in my arm as I skidded across twenty feet of grass before I came to a stop near the dead shape shifter's body. Doctor Norman was bleeding from his nose. I felt a sinister wave of triumph.

"So here's the deal," he said. "You've got fighting spirit. That's definitely something we're looking for in our soldiers. I'm going to give you one last chance to join us. Otherwise, I will kill you and your brother. The choice is yours."

"Fuck you."

"Foolish boy," he said. "I can't say I won't enjoy this because I will." My chest exploded in pain. Everything went white. "It's funny, isn't it? You'll die in a similar manner as your parents did. It's not as dramatic as forcing your mom's foot to press down on the gas pedal and veering them into the tree, but this will work."

The pain stopped and my vision returned. Doctor Norman had a surprised look on his face. He turned around halfway and I saw my knife hovering in the air. It jabbed forward and sunk into the middle of his chest. His body swayed in a small circular motion. A trickle of blood poured out of his mouth. He transformed as he fell to the ground. An older man with shocking white hair who I'd never seen before was staring blankly up at the sky.

There was a roar across the field. A large rhinoceros charged at the strongman and gored him through the stomach. The strongman was lifted off his feet as the rhinoceros ran forward and slammed him against the bleachers. The strongman beat his fists against the large animal, but the rhinoceros pushed deeper and deeper until its head was covered in blood and the man stopped struggling.

"Are you okay, Jackson?" a bodiless voice asked. The air shimmered in front of me as Wendy's face appeared. "It looked like you needed some help."





CHAPTER THIRTY





Accidental Psychotropic Chemical Spill Leads to Mass Hallucination in Stanley . That was the main headline on the local news. As soon as Josh had received Diego's email he began monitoring the events in Stanley. When he caught wind of the numerous and odd 911 emergency calls he sprang into action by cutting our town off from all online communication and dispatched the military.





Accidental Psychotropic Chemical Spill Leads to Mass Hallucination in Stanley During a press conference held later that evening, a military official explained that two escaped convicts had opened fire on a military vehicle transporting a top-secret and highly volatile substance. The vehicle had crashed causing the volatile substance to go airborne, affecting hundreds of innocent civilians within the area. Although the effects were said to be temporary, an emergency tent was setup near the hospital to treat those who believed they were still suffering from hallucinations. Over the next couple of days a surprising number of people went in to get treated.

Only one image of the event was released to the public. It showed a military vehicle on its side with several yellow canisters with the international sign for danger stamped on the sides. Josh had staged the image carefully and had used Diego and his telekinetic skills to carefully overturn one of their transports in an alley close to the football field.

The few people who had taken video of the events had their cell phones confiscated as part of the investigation. When the phones were returned, the footage had been completely wiped clean. It should have been worldwide news but it barely received a passing mention on most news sites. Those who reported it did so with a smirk and a wink, making it obvious that they weren't taking reports of flying men and a giant spider too seriously.

There were a few dissenters. Among the most vocal was MaryAnn who swore up and down to anyone that would listen that the military was lying and that her dear brother had been killed by a giant tarantula. But the majority of the people seemed like they wanted to forget the entire ordeal.

Although dozens of people ended up being taken to the hospital, no one had been seriously injured. Only the councilman, the pilot of the helicopter, Doctor Norman, and his two goons had perished. The one bit of truth that had come out of the whole ordeal was that the two men were indeed escaped convicts who had been trying to make their way south. Josh assumed that at some point Doctor Norman must have stumbled upon them and given them an offer that they couldn't refuse. They were using the men as an alibi for Tanner's disappearance.

All charges were dropped against Alex when Jesse and I gave statements to the police about his innocence. Tracy Banks' parents made a huge stink about it and threatened to sue the entire police department, but Candice's account was discredited after it was revealed that she had asked Alex out on a date and he had turned her down.

* * *

After my shift was over, I joined Amy and Caleb at their table. I pulled the straw out of my iced tea, dried it off on my shirt, and shoved it under my cast scratching the spot that had been itching like crazy for the last five minutes. The instant relief was definitely worth the risk of potential infection that the doctor had warned me about.

"You know you shouldn't be doing that," Amy said, crinkling her nose. "If your aunt sees you she's going to have a fit."

My aunt was behind the counter taking a customer's order. She appeared to have aged several years in the last five days. She blamed herself for Tanner's disappearance and had spent almost every waking minute of the first seventy-two hours searching for him. On the fourth day I finally convinced her to get some sleep and go back to work. I wanted to tell her that Tanner was most likely not in the country, but it was agreed by everyone who knew the truth that I should keep her in the dark. I still wasn't sure if it was the right thing to do and found myself overcome by guilt about fifteen times a day. Diego and another agent had left for the location in Canada where Officer Velasquez had traced his phone, but we hadn't heard anything from them yet.



Alex had dropped by in the middle of my shift to thank me. He'd also apologized for his actions and had actually shaken my hand. I doubt we would ever be friends, but it was nice to know he didn't want to beat me to a pulp me anymore.

"The councilman was buried today," Amy said. "My dad told me MaryAnn had to be taken away and sedated because she kept screaming about conspiracy theories and giant spiders." Amy's parents had forbid her to attend the meeting fearing that something would happen, so she had missed everything. She was beyond irritated with me when I told them that I had been knocked unconscious early on and didn't remember a thing.

I noticed that Caleb was quieter than usual. He had suspected me of being the flying guy, but he hadn't brought it up. I hoped he had bought the whole hallucination story and had dropped it.

I heard my aunt shriek from across the room. She ran forward and practically barreled over several of her customers and gave Tanner the biggest hug.

"Where were you?" she asked.

"Later," I heard him say.

He walked up to me and hugged me. "I'm so sorry I doubted you. The agents told me everything."

"It's okay," I said, happy tears streaming down my eyes. "I'm just glad you're safe."

My new phone buzzed in my pocket. It was a text from Shannon letting me know he was outside. Apparently Josh wanted us to meet up at the warehouse.

"I need to get going," I said.

"I know." Tanner nodded.

"Where are you going?" Caleb asked suspiciously.

"Guitar lessons." Before either of them could ask me a barrage of questions, I said, "See you at school tomorrow."

Shannon was parked a block away and was chewing the side of his finger when I hopped into his car. He had dyed his hair a vibrant blue, which really made his eyes pop. There was a guitar in the backseat.

"I figured I should teach you how to play a few chords, just in case your friends ever ask you to prove it," he said, when he saw me eyeing it.

I stared at him for a few moments. "You're joking, right?"

Shannon shook his head. "I never joke about music. Besides, you may surprise yourself and actually be good." He pulled out of the spot, but continued to chew on his finger. "By the way, my moms invited you over for dinner tonight. They want to meet the nice gay boy I keep talking about. I suspect they think I might be gay and want to see if you're boyfriend material." Shannon missed the utter look of mortification on my face. "They've already dropped hints on several occasions that Marv is a little out of my league. He'll be there too."

"Don't they know you're straight?" I asked, still mortified.

"I've never officially come out to them. I don't think they would be disappointed, but I think it's kind of funny, you know? Having to come out of the closet as straight." He turned to look at me and laughed his ass off when he saw the expression on my face.

Mr. Saltzman and Officer Velasquez's cars were parked next to the entrance. As soon as we walked in, Graham ran over to us and shoved his big face into my hand. I gave him a good scratch behind the ears. The huge Great Dane had definitely grown on me.

Officer Velasquez was sitting rigidly on the couch next to Diego. There was definitely a lot of tension between them. She had been very unhappy with her brother for handcuffing her and leaving her behind, but her unhappiness had only deepened when she found out just how much in harms way he had placed Marv and me in. As soon as Diego saw me, he looked away. I was angry with him for most everything that he'd done, but he had saved all those people from plummeting to the ground. It was the only thing keeping me from punching him in the face.



Officer Richards was sitting at one of the computers. He looked up at me and frowned. I don't think he would ever be happy to see me. It would have been easy to dislike him, but he had covered for Marv, Wendy, and me after the events and given us all plausible cover stories for our injuries.

Shannon made his way over to the fridge and began making himself a sandwich. I joined Mr. Saltzman at the table where he was reading a book.

"Umm, can I ask you something?"

He bookmarked the page he was on and set the book down. Over the last couple of days he had been avoiding me. I think he thought I held him responsible for what had gone on at Hanger 11 even though I didn't. Graham settled his large doggy head on my lap and I began to pet him absentmindedly.

"I have to ask you about something that I saw." Now that I was finally going to get an answer, I didn't know how to pose the question without sounding ridiculous. "It's about the thing you have locked in a room in your house."

Comprehension slowly dawned on him. "That explains the ladder in my basement." He looked over to the officers to make sure they weren't listening in, leaned forward, and dropped his voice to a whisper. "What would you like to know?"

"Why do you have it in the first place? Are you," I dropped my voice feeling ludicrous, "a vampire?"

Mr. Saltzman watched me steadily for a few seconds before he collapsed into a fit of laughter. It was the first time I'd actually seen him laugh. I pushed back in my chair just a little in case he was about to grow fangs and wings.

"It's how I make money," he said by way of explanation when he'd composed himself, which didn't clear the matter up. "How else do you think I'm able to afford to live?"

"How does a having a coffin in your house translate into money?" I asked confused.

We were still speaking in whispers, but once again he checked to make sure we weren't being overheard. "After Josh gave me a new identity, I had to come up with a way to make money. One of the only useful things my old man ever taught me was how to work with my hands. I've been making coffins and selling them on the black market for years. The one upstairs is for a woman who lost her husband. When she commissioned me to make her one she was certain she only had a few weeks to live. I finally had to get it out of my garage because I didn't have the room. I think I may die before she does."

I recalled the white van I'd seen about once a week for as long as I could remember parked halfway into his garage. I couldn't believe all this time my old neighbor had a black market scheme going. I decided that it made him even cooler than he already was.

"I would, ah, appreciate it if you kept this to yourself." He smiled.

"Well..."

"Let me guess, Marv knows about it as well?"

"I kinda freaked out when I saw it," I said sheepishly.

"You two are way too nosy. You should be careful, it'll land you in hot water."

I looked around the room and snorted. "Yeah, because a secret meeting in a safe house is perfectly normal."

"True," he said wistfully. He dropped his focus to his hands and interlaced his fingers. "Listen, I think I owe you an apology. I should have done more when I worked at Hanger 11. I hope you won't think on me too poorly because I didn't."

"Not at all," I said. "If anything, you did the best that you could. And now you're here helping us out. I think that says a lot about what a good person you are, and I know that Marv feels the same way."



Mr. Saltzman looked up at me with tears in his eyes. "Thank you, Jackson. Your parents would have been very proud of the young man that you have become."

"Hey," Shannon set a plate with a triple-decker sandwich on the table and sat down, "what are we talking about?"

"The entrepreneurial spirit of America," Mr. Saltzman said, winking at me.

A few minutes later Marv walked in, closely followed by Jesse and Wendy. The two were in awe when they saw all of the equipment in the room. Out of everyone, Marv was the most beaten up but being able to turn into various animals seemed to have worked in his favor because he hadn't suffered any major internal injuries. The parts of his skin that weren't covered in purple and green bruises were covered in bandages.

Wendy looked more relaxed than I'd seen her since school had started. She had benefitted greatly from the events. Officer Velasquez and Officer Richards were the only ones who could bring her up on assault charges, but they couldn't due to the circumstances. Although she had been given a stern talking to by both of them and had been placed on probation.

Introductions were made and everyone had just settled in when Josh and Agent Finnigan, an older man in his fifties who I'd been briefly introduced to after the events, walked in.

"First things first," Josh said, getting down to business. It felt like an official government briefing, not that I'd ever been involved in one before. "Everything that is said here is top-secret. If any one of you discusses this information, we will deny everything. Also know that you will be in serious trouble. I trust that everyone understands the severity of this getting out and will comply with our terms."

There was a wave of assents and head nods. Agent Finnigan handed out official documents to be signed by each individual. It was a lot of legal speak, but I got the gist. Say anything and get court marshaled and thrown into a government jail never to be heard from again. Once we had all signed and the forms had been collected, Josh began in earnest.

"We have a proposition for you, Marv and Wendy," Josh said, addressing each of us in turn. "We would like to start training you and help each of you develop your unique skills in a secure and monitored environment. Agent Finnigan and I have discussed it at length and believe it's the only way to truly help keep you safe in the long run." I saw Marv and Wendy digesting this new information. "We would also like your help finding the speedster girl," he said to me. "We've pulled up all African American girls within your age range that match her description and have come up with six potential candidates from your school. We think it might be best if you're there when we reach out to her since you're the only one who has had any interaction with her."

"Why would we need training?" Marv asked. "The bad guy is dead."

"Yes, but the three of you aren't," Josh said.

"Are you saying you think we're going to turn into bad guys?" Marv's voice rose with anger.

Josh was looking directly at Wendy, who I imagined he pictured as exhibit A.

"I don't do needles," Wendy said, her arms crossed. "So if you even think you are going to turn me into a human pin-cushion you have another thing coming."

"No one said anything about experimenting on you," Josh said irritably. He didn't strike me as the kind of person who enjoyed being surrounded by teenagers. "We'll give you a couple of days to decide, so you can talk about it, but know that we will have to take other precautions if you don't agree to our terms."

"That sort of sounds like a threat," Shannon said.

"The U.S. Government has to protect its citizens from hostiles living in the country," Josh said calmly.

"They're just kids." Officer Velasquez stood up angry.

"In a few years they won't be." Josh said coldly.

"So does this mean you are going to arrest us?" Marv looked ready for a fight.

"We haven't decided yet, but it will be mutually beneficial if the three of you work with us."

I thought about Diego and what had been done to him throughout his years of captivity. I felt lightheaded. I stood up and walked out of the warehouse.

"Are you okay?" Marv asked, joining me a few minutes later.

"No," I said, "I'm not. I feel helpless and scared and angry."

He didn't say anything for a moment. "I know how I would feel if I thought my dad was still alive only to find out it had all been a lie. But you're not alone. We're all in this together. I'm here for you, and I know Shannon is too."

"I just want everything to go back to the way it was," I said, tears streaming down my face.

"I know," he said quietly, "I sometimes want that as well, but then I think how we never would've become friends, and that Shannon and I still wouldn't be speaking and I realize that my life is much better because of everything that's happened."

"So what do you think we should do?" I asked, wiping the tears off of my face.

"I guess we take advantage of their offer and let them train us," he said. "It will work both ways. We can keep tabs on them while they keep tabs on us. You know what they say about keeping your friends close and your enemies closer. Besides aren't you just a little bit curious to find out what we might be able to do?"

"I am not putting on spandex and saving the world from an alien invasion," I said, half joking.

This made him laugh. "I don't know about spandex and aliens, but I do think it could end up being fun." He put an arm around me and led me back to the warehouse. "Shannon told me you're coming to dinner. Just wait until you meet his moms, they're a riot."





