Introduction


Title: Oliver Ausman Lives Again

Copyright by: CAITLlN

As published in: https://www.wattpad.com/story/169748354-oliver-ausman-lives-again

Synopsis: 2020 WATTYS WINNER in NEW ADULT! Oliver Ausman has been given a second chance at life, but it's hard to feel grateful when he was the one trying to end it in the first place. Returning to his normal life after being released from the hospital is hard, especially since his parent's idea of normal is made up of dinner parties, prep school, fancy suits, and fake manners-- all paired with a complete disregard for the mental health of their firstborn. He's long been fed up with it, but the final straw is when he finds out that his "father" isn't actually his father at all. Oliver decides he's had enough of the perfect facade, so he packs a suitcase and grabs his younger brother, "borrowing" his mother's car to sneak off on a trip to find his biological father. But he never expected to pick up a girl with her own similar set of problems, to be followed across the country by a money-hungry pair of criminals, or most of all, to find out that maybe this life thing isn't as bad as he thought. 𝐂𝐎𝐌𝐏𝐋𝐄𝐓𝐄𝐃 (𝐮𝐧𝐞𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐞𝐝) - 𝟏/𝟐𝟐/𝟐𝟎





Oliver Ausman Lives Again


Introduction

Chapters epigraph

aesthetics

one

two

three

four

five

six

seven

eight

nine

ten

eleven

twelve

thirteen

fourteen

fifteen

sixteen

seventeen

eighteen

nineteen

twenty

twenty one

twenty two

twenty three

twenty four

twenty five

twenty six

twenty seven

twenty eight

twenty nine

thirty

thirty one

thirty two

thirty three





epigraph


◤━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━◥

◤━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━◥ To be fully alive, fully human,

and completely awake

is to be continually thrown

out of the nest. - Pema Chodron

To be fully alive, fully human, To be fully alive, fully human,

and completely awake and completely awake

is to be continually thrown is to be continually thrown

out of the nest. - Pema Chodron out of the nest. - Pema Chodron ◣━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━◢

◣━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━◢ started: 03/19

finished: 1/20

started: 03/19

finished: 1/20





aesthetics




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





one


this chapter is dedicated to GalaxyCommunity and BiancaAlejandra90

f or helping me decide on a cover! ❤

this chapter is dedicated to GalaxyCommunity GalaxyCommunity and BiancaAlejandra90 BiancaAlejandra90

f or helping me decide on a cover! ❤

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. It's been a week since I left the hospital, which was just about the dullest place I've ever been-- and yet, as I look around the backyard, filled with a bunch of my relatives and friends of my parents, I wish I was back there.

Out of all these people-- who are at my birthday party, I should mention-- there's only one that I can honestly say I like. My younger brother Charlie sits across from me at our designated table, shoveling forkful after forkful of cake into his mouth. I can't blame him-- the cake is about the only enjoyable part of this whole thing.

my Year after year, it's the same ordeal: my mom invites a bunch of people over, and I have to pretend to give a shit about them, all while they're pretending to give a shit about me and the fact that I'm turning whatever age. This time, it's eighteen, which apparently was my mom's cue to go berserk and invite what seems like everyone she's ever met.

Not to mention, this year I'm also stuck wearing long sleeves in the middle of May and pretending like I didn't just get out of the psych ward, so forgive me if I'm not in the partying mood.

"Oliver," Charlie speaks up, the words barely understandable through the mouthful of chocolate cake. The colorful icing is decorating his pale face and blonde hair almost as much as the cake itself. If mom was around to see him eating so messily, she'd have a fit. He finishes chewing and continues, "Are you mad?"

"Mad?" I guess I was scowling. I am mad, but for Charlie's sake, I'll pretend the answer is no. "Why would I be mad?"

am "I heard you tell Mom and Dad you didn't want a party this year." He shrugs, scraping more icing off his paper plate.

"Yeah, well." I purse my lips, spotting our parents in the crowd. They're laughing with another couple and sipping at their champagne. "Just 'cause it's my birthday doesn't mean it's my party."

I asked to not have a party this year in light of recent events, i.e, my suicide attempt , but mom insisted on upholding the tradition. So here I am, sweating in my backyard and wishing I could go inside to be in air-conditioned solitude. You know, if it wasn't her social event of the season I'm not sure she'd even remember my birthday.

suicide attempt Charlie raises an eyebrow, clearly not getting it. I guess he wouldn't-- he likes having a big bash in his honor every year. For me, dealing with a bunch of strangers and just about every living relative that I have, answering their questions about school and my future and blah blah blah... it all feels like a big waste of time. Then again, I guess everything does lately.

"Charlie, look around. Do you think I would've picked any of this?" I gesture to the grassy field, filled with tables with white tablecloths. A stage is set up near the house, where a cover band in white suits play a pop song I wish I could say I've never heard. Guests group near the long tabletops of catered food and under the huge sun canopies, where waiters walk carrying trays of tiny sandwiches and glasses of champagne. "It looks like a fucking wedding."

Charlie's blue eyes widen behind his glasses at the swear and the expression makes me crack a smile. Even if I may not be in the best mood, I am glad Charlie's talking to me-- we haven't spoken much since I went to the hospital. It's my own fault, really, but I just haven't known what to say.

"Sorry," I apologize for my language, "But it does. And in case you didn't realize, I'm not old enough to drink alcohol, I don't like cucumber sandwiches or pasta salad, and even though the cake is good, my favorite flavor is vanilla, not chocolate. Oh, and whoever this band is? Not a fan of theirs, either. Mom picked this stuff so her snobby friends would have a good time. The only thing she let me decide on was casual attire, and trust me, it wasn't easy getting her to agree to that."

I don't know why I'm so mad about Mom's choices, since even if the party wasn't aimed at a bunch of forty-year-old's, it isn't like I would've had anyone to invite. If you think that sounds pathetic, just know that my options are severely limited-- The Northview School for Boys isn't the kind of place you make friends. In fact, hanging out with a bunch of forty-year-olds doesn't seem half bad in comparison to all the stuck up kids I have to sit in class with every day.



wasn't

"Charles!" Mom's voice pulls me from my thoughts as she hurries over to our table. I cringe at the name-- Charlie, I want to correct her. He's eight, not eighty.

Charlie, eight, "Yeah?" He looks up at her, oblivious to the mess on his face.

"You've got cake all over! Here, we'll go get you cleaned up." She holds out a hand for him, which in contrast to Charles seems like such a patronizing gesture, like he can't walk to the house by himself. She's reaching out far, probably trying to avoid getting icing on her white blouse.

Charles "I'll take him," I offer, standing from my chair. I'm not about to pass up the opportunity to get away from all this. God, it's hot for May-- I don't even think about what I'm doing as I roll up my sleeves.

"Oliver!" she snaps, looking at me like I'm insane as she tries to yank the blue flannel back down my right arm.

"Jesus--" I jerk back, huffing as I slide the sleeves down my arms again to cover the thick, vertical scars at my wrists. Six red, slightly raised testaments to my grand failure. "I forgot, okay? It's hot."

She's too busy looking around, making sure no one noticed my wrists to see me roll my eyes. Knowing her friends, if anyone saw, then everyone saw. Charlie stands between us, his eyes on the grass as he shifts his weight from side to side. Much to Mom's disapproval, he knows what I did-- Dad told him, insisting he was old enough and that it would be better if he knew the truth. It was one thing Mom couldn't sway him on, and I'm glad he stood his ground. I wouldn't feel right lying to Charlie about what happened, even if it is hard knowing what he must think of me.

everyone "Just let me help Charlie," I break the silence, hoping she'll agree even though I'm not sure Charlie needs anyone's help. I'm pretty sure he can wash his face without adult supervision. Her eyes are back on me now, and I've got that familiar feeling in my stomach again, like someone's stirring its contents with a spoon. "I could use a minute inside."

She shakes her head, brown bob swishing as she grabs Charlie's hand. "I'm not letting you abandon your own party, Oliver. And would you please make an effort to talk to some guests? You've been sitting at that table for the past hour."

She turns, dragging Charlie along and leaving me alone. I do technically talk to someone-- I say thank you to one of the passing waiters as I take a champagne glass from his tray, downing it with a single swig. Happy birthday to me.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Thank you for reading the first chapter of Oliver Ausman Lives Again! Please feel free to let me know what you think ❤

Thank you for reading the first chapter of Oliver Ausman Lives Again! Please feel free to let me know what you think ❤





two


this chapter is dedicated to -delicateheart ! Thank you so much for supporting my stories, and for being so nice!! :')

this chapter is dedicated to -delicateheart -delicateheart ! Thank you so much for supporting my stories, and for being so nice!! :')

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I wash my hands, trying to prolong the process as much as possible. Finally, a moment alone-- as much as Mom didn't want me to step away from the party, even she couldn't find it in herself to deny me a bathroom break.

she I have a suspicion, though, that if I'm not out there in a few minutes, she won't hesitate to come after me and drag me back outside. At least now that the sun is down it's cooler and the warmth from my flannel doesn't feel so suffocating.

I'm also grateful that the party's thinned out over the past few hours, leaving mostly family and a few of Mom's close friends. I know I need to go back out there. I just need to survive another hour, maybe two at most. But all the small talk has made me feel numb-- all I want to do is drag myself upstairs and get in bed.

Not to mention, lying takes a lot out of a guy, and it feels like I've lied more in the past four hours than I have in my whole life.

"How are you?" Has been asked by pretty much everyone. This one's easy to answer with a simple "Good," or, "Doing very well, thank you."

"How are you?" Both bullshit, but I'd argue that most of the human population gives a fake answer to such an asinine question-- because most of the human population doesn't want an honest answer. It's an expected courtesy that for some reason, we've cursed ourselves with. If you don't ask, you're an asshole, if you answer truthfully, you're a burden.

"How's Northview treating you in your last month?" Or something along those lines has been asked by a lot of the men, probably because they went there themselves and will take any opportunity to reminisce on their golden years. If these are my golden years, then my life is even more depressing than I think it is. But of course I can't say that, not to Dad's coworkers or Mom's older brothers, so I settled on a, "Oh, it's great. I'm very invested in my studies."

"How's Northview treating you in your last month?" these my More bullshit.

"What are your plans after graduation?"

"What are your plans after graduation?" That one's been the hardest. I never planned to make it to graduation.

Just a few more weeks and I'll be walking across a stage, accepting some useless piece of paper that I'll shove in a drawer somewhere and probably never look at again, just like the rest of the memories Northview's given me.

And then what? College, I guess-- that's what my parents keep saying. I figure I may as well keep them happy, considering it doesn't seem like I'm ever going to be. Someone should at least get enjoyment out of my life.

them I'm Someone I dry my hands on the hanging towel and readjust my sleeves before opening the door. I barely make it out of the doorway before nearly colliding with my Uncle Morris, who's supporting himself against the wall while stumbling towards the bathroom.

"Oliver!" he cheers and throws up his arms in celebration before I can apologize.

"Hi, Uncle Morris," I greet halfheartedly, barely raising my arm for a wave. From the looks of it, he's too drunk to notice my lack of enthusiasm. Surprise surprise, my relatives have officially started to drink themselves past tipsy and straight towards hammered . Just another thing I dread having to deal with every year.

tipsy hammered "Happy birthday, Oli. Congrats on reaching adulthood-- it's all downhill from here!" He laughs at his own joke and I force myself to smile, ignoring the sick feeling it gives me. "That reminds me, you're eighteen-- I guess you finally know about Isaac. Personally I think Peter should've told you sooner, but he always insisted on your eighteenth, and you know how stubborn he can--"

"Isaac?" I question, too confused to feel bad for interrupting his drunken rambling.

"Your father," he says it as if it's obvious, like he's just jogging my memory. "Well, technically speaking. I'll always think of Peter as your father, even if it's not biological-- and you should, too."

My eyes widen, but he doesn't seem to notice that I have no fucking idea what he's talking about. I wish he'd slow down so I could gather my thoughts for a second-- they're racing, trying to put together pieces of a puzzle I didn't know I was a part of.

Morris continues, still oblivious to the fact that I've frozen in place. "I mean, our brother might've made you, but even if he had known you were his, I don't think he'd've taken much responsibility."

made Our brother. It clicks. Issac-- Uncle Isaac. I've never met him and have barely even heard about him-- the few times I have were in lessons from my father (or Peter, I should say, because according to this conversation the word father doesn't really apply) on how not to behave and what not to do with my life. Isaac has been more of a warning story to me than a family member.

Our brother. Uncle not not "Besides, Peter and your mom were already married, and you're a dead ringer for your mother, so no one ever questioned it." He shrugs. The words are falling out of his mouth so casually, like he doesn't even realize how screwed up what he's saying is.

"I..." I want to say something, to ask questions and get more information, but my mind feels like sludge. I can't seem to pull anything coherent out of the haze of disbelief.

The past eighteen years have been shrouded in a lie. I'm only fully related to one member of this family-- Peter is my uncle , and Charlie and I can't be anything more than half-brothers.

uncle "So..." I shake my head, trying to lose the fog covering my thoughts. I don't want to seem too confused-- if he catches on and realizes I don't know anything, he might stop talking. "That's why my-- well, Peter-- that's why he hates... Isaac?" How am I even supposed to refer to these people anymore?

"Those two always butted heads," Morris slurs, waving my question away with his hand. "Certainly didn't help things between 'em, though." He laughs again, but this time I can't force myself to join him. It's hard to find humor in the fact that everything I know about my life is falling apart in front of my eyes.

"They haven't even talked since Carol got pregnant with you-- Peter had enough, cut off all communication. Isaac never even knew why, but he didn't really care. Our mother died just after your first birthday, so we all got our inheritance and he hightailed it up to Manhattan. Last I heard from him, he was working blue-collar-- really blue-collar-- some janitors job at a Hilton. The Millennium, I think..." he trails off, eyes looking up as he thinks it over.

talked really I'm still frozen in place, so out of it that when he steps forward and pats me on the shoulder I lose my balance and stumble backward. "Anyway kid, happy birthday."

"Yeah," I mumble as he moves around me, stepping into the bathroom. I manage out a "Thanks," before he closes the door, leaving me more alone than I ever knew I was.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I hope you guys are enjoying the story so far!



I hope you guys are enjoying the story so far!





three




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I can't sleep. Everything is a distraction-- the distant sound of the highway, the soft pattering of rain hitting the roof, the bright letters of my alarm clock that mock me with the knowledge that it's already one in the morning-- and every distraction forces me to face the reason my stomach is in knots and I've been close to catatonic for the past five hours.

I could barely force myself to go back to the party after Uncle Morris enlightened me to the truth of my conception. But I did, barely holding conversations and drifting off into my thoughts every other minute while I quietly lingered around Peter, waiting for the moment when he'd pull me aside and tell me himself.

It never came.

Eventually the party ended, but I was too distracted to feel grateful, even as I finally got to say my goodbyes. Soon after, Peter and Mom headed off to bed, giving me one last happy birthday before ascending the staircase.

At first I wondered if he forgot, which would be offensive enough. But of course he didn't forget-- I doubt he can forget. It would be stupid to think I'm not a constant reminder of how Mom and Isaac betrayed him, that it doesn't pop into his brain every time he looks at me.

can I know what the truth is: he doesn't think I'm ready. He doesn't think I can handle it. Sure, I'm eighteen now, but rewind to the end of last month and I'm seventeen, lying in the back of an ambulance with my wrists slashed open. I know what he's thinking-- I can't take this; it's too heavy. He probably thinks if he tells me, I'll try again.

I guess in his defense, I'm not taking it well.

not I roll over for the millionth time, now facing the stack of presents sitting a few feet away in the corner of my room. I miss being Charlie's age, when gifts and birthdays were still exciting-- I appreciate all this, and I know it was a nice gesture on everyone's part, but it just seems so pointless. All that pile contains is a bunch of stuff to fill up my time and keep me occupied until I die. Is that what life is? Just doing stuff until we die? Distracting ourselves from the inevitable? Is anyone out there really having a good time?

doing stuff anyone really The thought of dying brings my mind right back to the fact that if I had died last month-- and I mean permanently died, not died for forty-seven seconds like the doctors told me I had-- I would've died without knowing my father. I could die tonight or tomorrow and even though I know the truth now, I still wouldn't know the guy. And according to Morris, Isaac wouldn't even know he lost a son-- if word got around to him, he'd think his nephew died.

had permanently nephew It isn't fair to either of us. The more I think about it, the faster my sick feeling turns into anger. The angrier I get, the more I want to do something about it.

I sit up, thoughts racing.

Manhattan. Janitor at the Hilton. The Millennium.

Manhattan. Janitor at the Hilton. The Millennium. I could go. I could get out of bed right now, pack a bag, and grab my car keys.

I should go. I should say fuck what Mom or Peter thinks about it, fuck them for not telling me or Isaac the truth, and just leave without a word.

should But I can't go. I can't take off in the middle of the night and go searching for Isaac, I can't just show up at his job and interrupt his life with the truth.

Can I?

I let my upper body flop back down onto the mattress, sighing as my head hits the pillow. This is ridiculous. Of course I can't. For one thing, who knows if Isaac even still works there? And it isn't like I haven't gotten myself into trouble before, but this? This would be next level. Leaving without telling anyone, without asking, without caring how they'd react.

I can't deny that it's sort of perfect. Righteousness topped off with well-deserved payback. But the idea renders me paralyzed, too scared of the consequences to do anything but lay there and think about them.

My phone lights up on the table beside my bed, letting me know it's done charging. I reach over and unplug it, picking it up to look at the plain blue lock-screen, which is unsurprisingly void of any notifications.

I swipe up and enter my passcode. Before I can stop myself I'm clicking on the search bar widget and typing in the name of the hotel that's been circling my brain for hours.

Located in lower Manhattan, the luxurious Millennium Hilton... My eyes skim over the short paragraph boasting about beautiful rooms and skyline views, quickly falling on a tempting word: DIRECTIONS. I click it and my phone pulls up Google Maps, automatically filling in my location. From my house in Arlington, Virginia, it would take nearly five hours to get there.

Located in lower Manhattan, the luxurious Millennium Hilton... I sit up again, having another debate with myself. I can't just run off to New York and drop a bombshell like this on a stranger. But then again, he deserves to know, and I deserve to meet him. And who cares if Mom and Peter get mad? Don't they deserve that? After keeping me in the dark for eighteen years?

they that? Finally, I push my blanket to the side and maneuver halfway out of bed. I sit at the edge, my hands gripping the mattress as if I'm trying to anchor myself down. This is crazy, insane, and I'll probably be in more trouble than I can even imagine. But out of two people who should know the truth, only one of us does, and it isn't fair.

I stand, mind made up. I have to do this-- not just for me, but for my father.

have

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





four


This chapter is dedicated to moonfruits ! Thank you so much for the support and for leaving one of the nicest comments I've ever gotten :')

This chapter is dedicated to moonfruits moonfruits ! Thank you so much for the support and for leaving one of the nicest comments I've ever gotten :')

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I open the door to Charlie's room slowly, peering inside. The space is shrouded in a soft green glow, courtesy of the night light next to his bed. In the dark, I can just barely recognize the blonde hair poking out from under his quilt. I step inside and close the door behind me, trying to think of how to explain all this to him.

I'm already packed, and this is one of the last things I need to do before I leave. I've got a duffel bag full of clothes and necessities sitting on my bed, ready to go. My wallet is tucked in the back pocket of my jeans, heavier than it's ever been. I sifted through all the gifts I got and picked out all the money-- combined with what I already had, I ended up with almost five hundred dollars, which I figure should be enough.

I walk over to his bed, sitting gently on top of the navy blanket. Charlie doesn't move, and I wonder for a second if I should just leave him be. But the vague note I plan to leave Peter and Mom doesn't seem sincere enough when it comes to Charlie. He deserves a proper goodbye.

I place a hand on his shoulder and give a light shake. "Charlie," I whisper. He's too much of a deep sleeper for that to have any effect, so I try again. "Charlie."

His eyes scrunch and he hums a confused response, obviously not fully awake yet. His eyes finally open, eyebrows furrowing as he registers my presence, coming to.

"Oliver?" He rubs his eyes, sitting up and reaching for the glasses on the shelf above his headboard.

"Hey, you don't have to get up," I insist, not wanting to keep him awake. "I just have to tell you something."

He puts the wire frames on anyway, scratching his head and smoothing out his hair, which is stuck in every possible direction. "What?" It's hard to tell if he's asking what I have to tell him, or just in general confusion.

"Um, I'm going somewhere-- I won't be here in the morning, and I don't know when I'll be back." I dance around the subject, but don't like the way it makes me feel-- just as much as I deserve to know the truth, so does Charlie. "Uncle Morris told me something at the party today."

Charlie stays silent, his head tilting to the side. I'm sure I must seem a little out of it since I'm so hopped up on adrenaline, so I try to take a deep breath, not wanting to freak him out.

"Peter isn't my dad," I blurt. I have to wonder, was anyone planning to tell Charlie? If Uncle Morris was right, and under normal circumstances I would've been told on my eighteenth birthday, where would that have left Charlie? Would they have expected me to keep it a secret from him until he was older?

That seems to wake him up. "What?"

"Your uncle Isaac is my biological dad," I explain, holding a finger up to tell him he needs to keep his voice down. "Mom and Peter never told him, or me. I know where he works and I'm gonna go find him. I want to meet him. I want to tell him."



Charlie blinks a few times, his gaze falling from mine as he seems to put the pieces together. I know it's a lot to take in, so I give him a minute.

"But I'm not telling anyone except you where I'm going, so you have to keep it a secret, alright? I don't want you getting in trouble for not ratting me out," I add, feeling bad that I'm basically asking him to lie.

"Where does he work?" Charlie questions, sitting up further.

I stand, hoping he'll lay back down if it looks like I'm about to leave. "A hotel in New York City."

His eyes widen, bright saucers in the dark room. "Can I come?" he asks, voice filled with instant excitement as if I've already said yes.

"I--" I'm ready to tell him it isn't a good idea, but I stop myself. Me leaving will be enough to freak out Peter and Mom, but taking Charlie with me? It'd be the ultimate revenge. Not to mention, the trip will be more bearable if I have company, and like I said, Charlie and I haven't spoken much since my attempt-- maybe something like this could help us get around the elephant in the room. "I've got a few things left to take care of-- how fast can you be ready?"

He beams and shoots out of bed, hands already busy unbuttoning his space-themed pajama shirt. "Give me seven minutes, maybe eight."





»»——⍟——««

Charlie follows me into the garage, now dressed in day clothes with a backpack on his shoulders. The leftover smell of gasoline and exhaust hits me as I flip the light switch, the bright recessed lights instantly waking me up-- not that I really need the help. It feels like I've downed five pots of coffee with the way my heart is beating and my hands are shaking.

I lock the door as Charlie walks past the two most expensive cars in the garage, which belong to Mom and Peter. I trail behind him to the third one: my inherited Prius from Peter, AKA the sixteenth birthday present that mocks me every time I get behind the wheel. Sitting beside it is the present I wanted , covered with a plain white sheet.

wanted I get to the driver's side of the beige car and Charlie tugs at the passenger door's handle, but I'm almost too distracted to notice. My eyes are stuck on that stupid blanket of yellowing fabric that my mom has the audacity to cover the coolest thing she's ever owned with.

"Oliver?" Charlie prompts, giving the handle another pull. His voice echoes slightly off the concrete walls despite the fact that he's practically whispering.

I step towards the other car, drawn to it like a magnet. My eyes shoot to the metal shelf on the other side-- sure enough, the keys are sitting on the third shelf from the top, far to the left, nestled between the bottle of tire cleaner and the spare garage remote like always. Peter takes the car out every two months or so to keep the battery from dying, and always sets them in exactly the same place.

"We're taking the Firebird," I say, wanting to get the words out of my mouth so that I can't take them back.

"Really?" Charlie walks over to stand with me, looking at me and then back at the covered car. "Why?"

"Because," I set my duffel bag down and grab the sheet, pulling it from the car. The sleek black paint and delicate gold accents slowly reveal themselves as I gather the fabric in my hands. "A road trip is only as good as the car you're taking it in, and this... this is a classic , Charlie. A 1977 Pontiac Firebird-- I mean, what are they thinking? A car like this should be out on the road, not sitting in our garage for the rest of its life."

classic "Won't Mom get mad?"

"Mom will already be mad," I remind him, walking over to set the balled up sheet next to the shelf before grabbing the keys and garage remote. I pause for a second, letting my eyes trail over the vehicle as I try to convince both Charlie and myself that this won't make things worse. "I'm sneaking off in the middle of the night, taking you with me, and leaving a note that essentially says nothing more than ' screw you for lying to me .' Relatively speaking, she might not even care."

screw you for lying to me I unlock the car, and I guess my argument was convincing enough, because Charlie doesn't hesitate to hop inside and toss his backpack onto the back seats.

I pop the trunk and walk around to get my own bag, setting it inside. I shut it and head to the driver's side, relishing in the way it feels to sit on the leather and know there's nothing Mom can do to stop me.

"She's got no right to be mad, anyway," I continue, closing the door. My heart jumps when I put my hands on the wheel. This is it-- I'm really going. "She never drives it, she just lets it rot in here and makes Peter take it out for a twenty-minute joyride every other month. And if I scored ten points higher on my SATs, it would be mine."

I sit for a second, taking a deep breath.

Charlie thankfully doesn't seem to notice the fact that I'm hesitating. "It's nice," he says, buckling himself in.

I follow suit before starting the engine. It roars to life, loudly enough to make me anxious to get out of there, nervous that Mom or Peter will come barreling through the door even though realistically, I know they're still asleep. I hit the fourth button on the garage remote, watching in the rearview as the door behind us raises, slowly revealing the night cloaked outdoors. Charlie turns to look and I catch the smile on his face-- it calms me somehow, to know that he's so optimistic about this whole thing.

I put it in reverse, knowing as I back out onto the driveway that now that I've started this thing, there's no way I'm coming back until I finish it.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





As always, I hope you enjoyed it 😄💙

As always, I hope you enjoyed it 😄💙





five




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. It's still too early for the sun to be out as we enter Maryland, but it doesn't do anything to dampen Charlie's enthusiasm when Google Maps' robotic tone lets us know we've crossed the state line.

"You know, I've never been to another state before. What's Maryland like?" His eyes are glued to the road like he's afraid he might miss something, even though the only things we've seen so far are highway, buildings, and cars.

"It's..." I frown, embarrassed to admit that I don't know how to answer. Charlie might not know it, but my knowledge of life outside of Virginia doesn't go much farther than his. "Probably like anywhere else at four in the morning. And technically you have been out of state-- Aunt Lisa's wedding was in Florida, we flew down there for a few days. I think you were... two?"

"It doesn't count if I can't remember it," he says it like it should be obvious.

I have to wonder how much he'll remember from this trip when he's my age-- I can't honestly say I remember much from when I was eight, but maybe that's because I had no reason to. It was all school and homework, blanketed by mindless TV and video games.

Hopefully, this'll be worth remembering for both of us. Maybe Charlie doesn't realize it, but he's really the only friend I have. I didn't take him with me just to piss off Mom and Peter; I took him because I want Charlie to like me. If there's any chance I can get him to see me as his older brother again-- just his older brother, not his older brother who tried to off himself-- then I'll take it and run with it as far as I can.

just "Can we get something to eat?" he asks, drawing me from my thoughts. I can't ignore the way the question makes me realize the empty feeling in my gut, which I'm guessing has gone unnoticed only thanks to the nerves stirring around in there.

The adrenaline is all still here, by the way, and at this point it's almost annoying. It's hard to think properly about the whole situation when my heart still hasn't slowed to a normal pace and my brain keeps repeating the same worries, absentmindedly expecting my phone to ring any minute and pull me from this thing before it even really starts. Logically I know Mom and Peter won't be up for hours, and won't expect us to be up on a weekend anytime before ten. But right now my brain isn't accepting logic, too busy airing its unrealistic worries.

"Yeah, sure," I answer, trying not to let my anxiety show. If Charlie wants to have fun, that's what I'm determined to give him. "That's a good idea. What do you want?"





»»--⍟--««



The chime above IHOP's door jingles as it closes behind us. We didn't have too many options at such a weird hour, but thankfully Charlie loves pancakes. He was a new league of ecstatic when he found out the restaurant was open twenty-four hours.



It's quiet, save for the soft jazz crackling through the speakers and the distant sounds of the kitchen, which I can't imagine is too busy. The host stand is empty, so I occupy myself by looking out at the seating area as we loiter at the entrance.



My eyes scour the patrons-- a man who's the epitome of a trucker in his flannel, vest, and baseball cap, a heavyset woman who looks both thirty and sixty at the same time, and a younger guy with thick dreads and even thicker glasses all sit at their respective tables, looking tired as they slouch over their food.

My eyes land on the one person sitting up a little straighter than the rest. She's made up of unnatural maroon hair, pale skin, and puppy dog eyes that stare vacantly at the empty booth across from her. I'd guess she's about my age, and I can't stop myself from wondering what she's doing here at such an ungodly hour.

"Table for two?"

I hadn't noticed the hostess walk over, and I have to clear my thoughts for a second before I can decipher her simple question. "Uh, yeah. Yes, please." I nod at the older woman and she leads us to a table.

Charlie and I both thank her when she hands us our menus and tells us our server will be there in a minute, but my thanks is automatic-- my brain has already reoccupied itself with the girl, who I'm much closer to now. One row over, one table back.

She's playing with the frayed end of her flannel's sleeve, which she wears openly over a plain white tank top. The outfit is pretty boyish overall, finished with jean shorts cut off just above the knee and flat boots that reach the middle of her thin calves, and yet I'm not sure I've ever seen a girl wear anything that well. One of her legs is bouncing restlessly, and I can't seem to tear my eyes away from the motion.

anything Attraction is a tricky thing, even if there are certain rules people expect it to abide by. Maybe there are things you think you know about your own tastes-- you like guys with blonde hair, or tall girls, or green eyes. I don't really have a 'type,' but I'll put it this way: I think there's some special, mystery ingredient each of us gets in the recipe of who we are. You probably have the same ingredient as a million other people, but in the grand scheme of things, it's pretty fucking rare-- which is why when we meet someone who has whatever ingredient we're so fond of, that thing that draws us to a person that we just can't put our finger on-- we go completely berserk inside.

Whatever ingredient I've been programmed to like, this girl has.

Thankfully, she's preoccupied enough with whatever's in her mind that it doesn't seem like she's noticed my staring. I try to play it cool as Charlie and I place our orders, stealing a few more glances while we wait and Charlie tells me about all the things he wants to see in New York.

Our waitress comes back with matching plates of chocolate chip pancakes topped with butter and whipped cream, the aroma drawing another growl from my stomach. When she walks away I grant myself another look at the girl-- but this time she isn't looking ahead, or focusing on the plate of pancakes she got just a moment before ours. Her eyes are looking right back into mine, somehow making my body erupt in embarrassed warmth in less than a second. I, of course, do the only thing I can think of, which is to look away as fast as fucking possible.

I reach for my utensils, busying myself in any way possible and trying to deny the fact that I just got caught in the act.

"What?" Charlie asks, his knife and fork hesitating above his pancakes.

"What?"

"Why do you keep looking behind me?"

"I'm not!" I reply a little too fast and way too defensively, hoping she didn't hear his question. "It's nothing-- it's a fly."

Charlie turns his head to look, clearly not buying the lie. I risk another nervous glance and breathe a sigh of relief, since it seems like she's too busy cutting into her pancakes to notice Charlie.

Charlie turns back to me, smiling. "Oh."

" Oh yourself," I retort, but the smug look on his face doesn't falter. I try to ignore it, reaching for the syrup and coating my pancakes.

Oh Charlie shoves a forkful into his mouth, chewing a bit before speaking through the food. "Why don't you talk to her?"

"I--" I shake my head, not wanting to list the reasons. "Do I really need to give you the lesson about not talking to strangers?"

He narrows his eyes at me as he takes another bite. "Our waitress is a stranger, and the lady at the front. You talked to them."

We both know he knows they're completely different situations, so I don't even bother entertaining the idea that they aren't. "Charlie, people don't just walk up to each other and start talking. Even if I wanted to, which I don't ," I emphasize, knowing it's only a half-truth (potential rejection and fear of embarrassment make it a pretty big half, though), "I have nothing to say."

don't big "So make something up," he says, tone verging on condescension.

I scoff, about to remind him which one of us has had more time to figure out the ins and outs of human socialization, but he's scooting out of the booth before I get the chance.

"Wh--" I cut off the question when he turns, heading for the girl's table. "Charlie!" I hiss, trying not to draw her attention, but it's pointless to worry-- he's already walked the distance between our tables and stopped right next to her.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Thanks so much for the support on this story so far!!

Thanks so much for the support on this story so far!!





six




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I'm frozen as I watch Charlie open his mouth, drawing the attention of the girl. Her eyes widen for a second, head tilting and gaze flicking over to me as she listens to the child in front of her, who is no doubt embarrassing the ever-living shit out of me.

I force myself to stand and walk over, my feet feeling like lead. Somehow, this is almost more intimidating than it was to leave the house. At least I had time to prepare for that.

Charlie's in the middle of his spiel when I get there. "He has to use the bathroom, but doesn't want to leave me alone--"

"I'm sorry," I interrupt, placing two firm hands on Charlie's shoulders and starting to steer him away. I'm hoping that through the harsh grip of my fingers, he gets the message that if I wasn't above beating up an eight year old, I would totally be kicking his ass in the middle of this pancake house. "Don't listen to him, he's senile."

I can barely bring myself to look at her, but when I do, she's smirking at my remark and shaking her head.

"I can watch him," she says, the words stopping me in my tracks as I put the pieces of the conversation together.

"Oh! Right, um... Charlie, you're sure you don't want to come with me?" I play along with his made-up scenario. I'd rather not leave him with a stranger, especially when I'm concerned he might start babbling about the way I was staring at her. Then again, I guess she already knows that.

sure Charlie looks up at me with purposefully wide eyes, as if I'm completely blowing it. "Yes."

"Uh, okay. Um, thank you..." I hesitate, waiting for her to fill in the blank.

"Kat."

"Kat," I repeat, liking the sharpness of the name as it comes from my mouth for the first time. "Thank you-- I'm Oliver, by the way."

She nods, eyes staying on me long enough to make my face flush. It's impossible to tell what she thinks of me, or if she thinks anything at all about me. I hope I'm as unreadable as she is, but sincerely doubt it.





"Anyway, uh, bathroom. I'll be right back." I turn on my heel, wondering all the way to the bathroom what the hell I'm doing.

I figure while I'm in there I may as well pee, so I hurry up and finish my business, mentally slapping myself for leaving Charlie with a stranger at three in the morning. I mean, what the hell was I thinking? He's a smart kid, sure, and the girl seems normal enough, but Jesus. If the two of us are going to make it through this trip alive, I'm going to have to be a little more responsible.

Jesus. I barely run my hands under the water before heading straight out the door, hurrying back to the seating area. The single bite of pancakes that I had nearly comes back up when I see the empty booths at Kat's table-- thankfully, I look to where Charlie and I had been sitting and spot a blonde head of hair poking above the seat. Across from him is Kat, sitting beside my plate of pancakes with her own. My stomach settles, breathing returning to normal now that I know she hasn't kidnapped my little brother thanks to my own stupidity.



Still, the relief doesn't last for long. The realization that I have to talk to her again is enough to erase all the worry I just had for Charlie and replace it with more frustration. What exactly does he hope to accomplish with this, apart from making me a nervous wreck and watching me embarrass myself?

I take a deep breath as I continue the walk over. I slip into the booth next to Charlie, moving my pancakes from the other side of the table and offering a quick smile in Kat's direction. "Thanks."

"No problem," she says, meeting my eyes and giving me a soft smile of her own. I like her voice, silvery with just a hint of hoarseness. She raises an eyebrow, jutting her chin towards Charlie. "Charlie was just telling me you guys are on a trip?"

I nod, cutting into my food, half because I'm hungry and half because I need an excuse not to look at her. If I do, I'm not sure I'll be able to think straight, let alone talk right. "Yeah. We're on our way to New York City."

"Just the two of you?"

I can't help but resent the question, hating the insinuation that I'm not old enough to be in charge of the situation.

"We snuck out," Charlie answers, taking a big bite before continuing and rendering the rest of his explanation unintelligible. "Wrr gung tufine Olver's dad."





Kat's eyebrows raise in confusion, gaze flicking to me.

"We're going to find my dad," I translate, figuring there's no reason to keep it a secret. "It's a long story."

"How old are you?" She questions, head tilting to the side as she squints at me.

"Eight," Charlie answers, too busy with his pancakes to realize the question wasn't directed at him.

"Eighteen," I say sharply, again not liking what the question implies. I've got this under control-- what does she know about any of it? "You?"

"Twenty."

"What's got you out to eat at three in the morning?" I ask, not sure where I get the courage for the question. I guess it comes with being annoyed, which I am thanks to both her question and answer making me feel like a child.

"Got fired a few days ago-- I worked a night shift and the whole thing made my sleeping schedule kind of fuuu--" she hesitates for just a second, drawing out the vowel sound while she glances at Charlie. "--unky."

I smile slightly at the attempt to cover her swear, especially since I'm pretty sure Charlie's smart enough not to be fooled. Not that it matters, since thanks to my potty mouth, he's heard his fair share of foul language. We continue to eat, a minute or two of silence floating between the three of us. I feel a small kick at my right ankle and glare at the culprit, who once again is looking at me with wide, urgent eyes.

"So, you're from around here, then?" I ask, not sure why I keep falling victim to the pressure of an eight year old.

She nods, finishing chewing before responding. "Real close by. You guys?"

I shake my head, setting down my silverware, done with the pancakes at an embarrassingly fast rate. I try not to wonder if I'd been woofing them down like some sort of animal in front of her, and instead answer the question. "We're from Virginia. We've been driving for an hour or so."

The waitress comes by to sort out the checks; the fact that we're all sitting together now causes a little bit of confusion. Once she's gone I count the money and calculate the tip, tucking the cash into the black book and folding it closed. I watch as Kat pulls out a cracked brown wallet from her shorts, taking out her own money and organizing it next to her bill.

The waitress is back in a minute thanks to how barren the restaurant is, which I resent. Now that we're all paid for and our food is gone, there's no reason for us to stay. Even with feeling a little patronized, and knowing that she's older than me and there's little to no likelihood that she has half the interest in me that I have in her, her presence has me captivated to the point that I don't care-- I just want to stay sitting here with her, fooling myself into thinking this will be anything more than a chance encounter.

"You know," Kat breaks the silence, for the first time looking nervous as her eyes shoot back and forth between me, Charlie, and the table. "My brother lives up in Brooklyn. Maybe... I mean, if you guys wouldn't mind the company, maybe I could hitch a ride?"

"Yes!" Charlie answers the same way my brain does, his voice filled with excitement and a smile on his face.

Kat laughs, gaze shifting to me, waiting for a response. I want to say yes-- I'm going to say yes, because it isn't every day you meet a beautiful girl and she asks to sit in your car with you for the next three hours-- but I don't want to seem too eager.

going "You wouldn't have to leave Charlie with any more strangers," she persuades.

I stay silent, annoyed that Charlie's plot reflects so poorly on me-- then again, I was the one who went along with it.

"Well... sure, yeah. I don't see why not," I say, liking how she looks as she breaks into a large smile.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. thank you so much for 500 reads!!

thank you so much for 500 reads!!





seven


this chapter is dedicated to arcane_amanda !

Thank you so much for supporting my stories :')

this chapter is dedicated to arcane_amanda !

arcane_amanda

Thank you so much for supporting my stories :')

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I can't help but feel a surge of pride when Kat's gaze trails to the Firebird as soon as we walk out of the restaurant. Her eyebrows raise as I lead her over to it and stop at the driver's side, fishing around in my pocket for my key.

"This is yours?" she asks, looking between me and Charlie, who's grinning up at her.

I just nod, trying to play it cool. "Where's yours? You need to drive it back home first?"

"Don't have one. Would you mind making a pit stop at my house so I can grab a few things?"

"Sure." I shrug a shoulder, hoping it doesn't show that at this point, this girl could ask me to drive her all the way to Quebec and I'd probably say yes.

She turns to Charlie. "You want shotgun?"

He smiles even wider, but pulls open the door and moves the seat forward, hopping in the back. "I like the backseat," he says, and I'm not sure if he's being honest or just trying to continue his self-proclaimed wingman duty.

Either way, I'm simultaneously grateful and frustrated-- the car seems smaller when Kat sits in the passenger's seat, somehow both closer and farther than I want her to be.

The ride is quiet as she focuses on giving me directions, leading us to a trailer park about five minutes from the restaurant. The small homes are spread almost sporadically looking among the tattered grass, but it's hard to see much-- it's dark apart from a few dim porch lights and one or two windows with light leaking from behind their curtains.

"This one's mine," Kat says, unbuckling her seat-belt before I've even put the car in park. The trailer is a pale beige and totally dark inside and out, apart from the headlights I have trained on the front door. The whole place looks a bit unkempt, with overgrown weeds in the yard and three steps that look like they could collapse at any second. "I'd invite you in, but my parents won't be too happy if they wake up."

"It's okay-- we can wait," I assure her.

She gives me a smile and a thanks, promising she'll only be a second before stepping out and closing the door. I watch as she jogs up to the trailer, pulling a key from her pocket and tugging at the handle for a second before the door shoves open.

"You're welcome," Charlie says, leaning forward and folding his arms on top of the center console. He rests his head on his hands, looking up at me with that same smug expression.

I try to glare at him, but the expression melts into a smile. I roll my eyes, shaking my head. "You're unbelievable."

"You're lucky she asked to come along. Now you've got like, three hours to make her fall in love with you."

"I-- Charlie!" I look at him like he's crazy, but his grin is as persistent as ever. "That's-- I mean... If that's what you're expecting, you're going to be disappointed. People don't fall in love in three hours."

"Why not? That's what happens in all the movies."

"Yeah, and they also make movies about people who can fly, or see the future, or turn into a giant green monster when they're angry. It's all fiction, it doesn't happen in real life."

"But you already like her ," he reasons. "And it's only been, like, forty minutes."

you her "I don't even know her," I correct him. "Look, it's crazy that we're even taking a stranger with us just based on the fact that I think she's-- you know, that I'm attracted to her." I keep going, ignoring Charlie's quiet snickering. "But it'd be even crazier if I deluded myself into thinking this will be anything more than her hitching a ride. I mean, that's all this is, really. Us picking up a hitchhiker."

"But she's a pretty hitchhiker. And nice."

"Yeah, and in a few hours we're dropping her off in Brooklyn and I'll probably never see her again for the rest of my life."

Kat appears at her front door again, now with a full-looking backpack on her shoulders. She turns to lock the knob, giving Charlie a chance to get his last words in.

"Maybe," he leans back, "But maybe not. A lot can happen in three hours."

I sigh, knowing he's right but happy that I don't have to admit it now that Kat is opening the door and sliding into the passenger's seat. Besides, I shouldn't be focusing on this anyway, even as impossible as that seems now that she's back in the car and sending me a smile that makes my stomach flip. This trip is about finding my dad, not trying to romance a stranger.

"I'm all set," she announces, closing the door and placing her bag at her feet.

"Great," I say, starting the engine and trying to shake the conversation with Charlie from my mind. "Let's go to New York."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





eight




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Charlie has checked out of any potential conversation by the time we get on the highway, staring out the window and popping in his headphones after telling me and Kat that he'll be listening to an audiobook about New York City for a while. The kid is basically a sponge for information so I can't say I'm surprised, but I am a little scared now that he's leaving me alone to talk to Kat.

I have no doubt he's doing it on purpose, either. But if he thinks I'm about to pull off a miracle and suddenly become some smooth conversationalist-- in front of Kat, nonetheless-- he's in for nothing but disappointment. I can't even begin to think of something to say. Everything that pops into my brain feels stupid and juvenile. Thanks to being in an all-boys school since sixth grade, I have no concept of how to talk to any girl, let alone one I'm attracted to. Maybe if I'd ever had a girl friend, or a girlfriend , my mind wouldn't be so blank.

any girlfriend "So he's just your dad?" Kat breaks into the silence, which had only been slightly filled by the sounds of the traffic around us.

I nod. "I was raised under the impression that Charlie and I had the same father. Just learned yesterday that that isn't the case. I told Charlie where I was going and why, and he wanted to come along."

"Ah, I was wondering. Running away doesn't usually include bringing your sibling along with you."

I spare a glance over, confident enough in my driving to take my eyes off the straight road ahead for a second or two. Kat has half of her hair pulled to one side and her hands are busy braiding it into a pigtail, but she's watching me, body half-turned in my direction against the leather seat.

"I don't think running away would be the correct term," I say, turning to watch the road again. "For one thing, I'm eighteen. I think at this point it would just be called leaving home, or moving out-- more like taking a vacation, since it's not like I'm never going back. I even left them a note."

"What did it say?"

"Not much, to be honest." I shrug, recalling the short, passive-aggressive message I'd scrawled onto a sheet of notebook paper and left sitting on the kitchen counter. "Just said I found out they were lying to me and that I was going on a trip with Charlie for a few days. I didn't explicitly say what I found out, but assuming they didn't lie to me about anything else, I guess they'll probably put two and two together."

"So... if they didn't tell you, how did you find out?"

"Yesterday was my birthday." I immediately regret the statement, realizing I've just solidified the fact that I'm seventeen-just-turned-eighteen eighteen, and not eighteen-about-to-be-nineteen-which-is-pretty-close-to-twenty eighteen. "My family was over, and my uncle got drunk and told me. He thought I already knew. I don't know, it's all fucked."

seventeen-just-turned-eighteen eighteen-about-to-be-nineteen-which-is-pretty-close-to-twenty She lets out a short laugh. "Most family matters usually are."

I can still feel her gaze on me, even as there's a pause in our conversation.





"So, what do you know about him?" she asks.

"Not much. This whole time I thought he was my uncle." I raise a shoulder, thinking it over. "I've never met him, and Peter-- Charlie's dad-- never talked about him that much. Just a few stories about how he always skipped school and never ' did anything ' with his life. Honestly, I just hope he's normal. It'd be nice to have a normal parent."

did anything normal "I'm not sure if any parents are normal," she jokes. "Anyway, does it matter?"

any "It might make life a little easier to handle if there was something to balance out the half of my genetics that come from an emotionally barren snob," I justify.

"God, that's a lot of cynicism for someone who hasn't even graduated high school."

I look over to see her giving me a small smile, eyebrows raised in what I can only take as a challenge of some sort. I'm annoyed that I can't say it isn't true. "What, is that the requirement for being a pessimist?"

"No, you're just young to be so frustrated."

I hold back a sigh of annoyance, which is from the fact that now I'm sure she sees me as just some angst-filled teenager and because her mindset rubs me the wrong way regardless. So what if I'm young? If I was sixteen, or twelve, or even Charlie's age , it wouldn't matter-- I still have a right to my emotions, whatever they are.

sure , "I'm not that young," I reply, unable to stop myself from sounding bitter. And even though I'd love to convince her, I'm not saying it just to try to prove myself. I don't feel young, and I haven't for a long time. Most days it feels like I've seen everything there is to see and felt everything there is to feel. I guess today isn't a good example, but the point still stands. Eighteen years can feel like a thousand if you're bored enough.

feel "And I'm sorry if you can't understand my frustration," I continue, mind reeling with all the reasons I'm in this situation in the first place. "But it's kind of hard growing up with parents who seem to care more about their money and their social status than their own children." My eyes flick to the rearview on instinct, checking to make sure that Charlie isn't listening. "And I don't appreciate my whole upbringing being shrouded in a lie, or the fact that they lied to Charlie, or that they didn't even give my real dad a chance to raise me."

or "No, I get that." How she manages to keep her tone so casual after such a sudden turn in the mood of the conversation, I have no idea. I'm glad though-- I don't mean to snap at her, or even sound sour. It's not her I'm angry with. The whole thing just has my head in a fog, and now that she's brought it up I can't stop myself from getting upset all over again. It's barely been hours since this all came to light; I'm far from being over it. "I'm just saying some things aren't worth wasting time sulking over. Nobody has a perfect family."

"How's yours?" I ask, turning to see her shrug as she ties off the other braid. A weight has already started to place itself in my stomach, embarrassment over my snippy attitude and the fact that I revealed so much about myself in just a few minutes. I can't imagine that she sees me as anything but some kid throwing a temper tantrum.

"Well, my biological dad is in prison, and has been most of my life, so I don't really know him that well. My mom and I don't get along much, but my stepdad and I are okay-- better now than when I was a kid. They're on again off again-- one day they're arguing, the next they're snuggled up on the couch watching a movie. Not a perfect family, but I turned out alright, so I guess it was good enough for me."

I have a lot of questions, but I'm not sure where to start or if I even should at all. I decide to skip over the prison thing, at least for now, since I don't know if it's my place to ask about something so serious. "Why don't you get along with your mom?"

She purses her lips, thankfully not seeming bothered at all by the question. "Hmm... Some people just aren't compatible, you know? Tomayto, tomahto. Plus, I'm my father's kid, so she'll always be tethered to him as long as I'm around."

It makes me think of my own situation, how I'm sure Mom and Peter always think of Isaac when they look at me. I guess maybe despite the fact that she looks at her life so differently than I do mine, they might not be so different.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





I hope you guys liked it! Any opinions on the characters so far? :P

I hope you guys liked it! Any opinions on the characters so far? :P





nine




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. After my conversation with Kat settles, there's a comfortable silence while we listen to the radio for a while. I want to ask more questions and learn more about her in the short time we have left, but at the same time, I know it's pointless. Like I told Charlie, we'll be saying goodbye soon. I spend the hour trying to convince myself that the less I know, the easier it'll be to pretend I don't care.

Charlie stops his audiobook after awhile and takes the time to teach us everything he's learned about the monuments and famous buildings of NYC. I always make sure to listen whenever Charlie speaks-- Mom and Peter don't have a lot of time for that, so I try to make up for them. Thankfully Kat seems interested too, and amusedly impressed by Charlie's fact spewing.

It isn't long before he calms down and drifts off to sleep. Ironically it's just as it starts to get light outside, the night gradually beginning its fade into dawn. There's a hint of pink where the sun peeks over the horizon, melting into the soft grey-blue that covers the rest of the sky.

"So where does your dad live?" Kat asks, her voice hushed. She sends a glance back to Charlie to make sure he isn't disturbed. I can see in the rearview that he's still lying on the black leather, eyes shut and glasses in his hand, completely knocked out.

"Don't worry about him. He sleeps like a rock, especially in the car," I assure her. My gaze falls on the gas meter, which is leaning just far enough towards empty for me to start caring. "And I don't actually know where he lives. I guess I didn't really explain, but he doesn't even know I'm his kid-- he thinks I'm his nephew. The only thing I know is where he works. Or at least, I think he still works there. It's the Millennium Hilton, some big Manhattan hotel."

think "What'll you do if he doesn't?"

"I guess I'm hoping someone there will know where he lives or something." I don't want to think about the what-ifs. If I do, I'll start realizing how crazy and unplanned this whole thing is.

I spot a sign advertising the stores off the next exit and turn on my blinker when I see that one of them is a gas station. I get off and drive to the first building along the detour, a commercial gas station with a tall yellow marquee listing prices. I pull up to one of the pumps, noting there's only one other spot taken thanks to it being such an ungodly hour of the morning.

I turn to look at Charlie, undoing my seat belt so I can reach back and nudge his shoulder. "Charlie."

He stirs, rubbing his face as his eyes blink open. "Yeah? Are we there?"

Kat lets out a small laugh and I smile, shaking my head. "You haven't even been asleep for twenty minutes. I had to stop for gas, you wanna come in and use the bathroom, maybe get a snack or something?"

He sits up and puts on his glasses with a grin, instantly seeming more awake at the notion of food. "Yeah."

Kat and I get out and she holds her seat forward so that Charlie can hop out of the back. Goosebumps appear on my skin as an early morning breeze rolls through the lot, causing me to stretch the sleeves of my black hoodie down to my knuckles. The action makes me realize I've been wearing the thing this whole time-- and as far as I can remember, I don't think I've rolled my sleeves up, which means Kat hasn't seen the scars that I somehow managed to forget about.



It's a weird feeling to know that the incident and the marks it left behind managed to slip to the back of my mind for the past couple of hours. It happened at the party, too, so I can't even blame it on being distracted by the news about my father. Does it even make sense that I can do something that monumental and not be thinking about it constantly?

For the past two weeks or so, it's been shaping my whole life. Staying in the hospital, having daily therapy sessions with Dr. Brand, and all the little differences that took place when I got home just a few days ago. Someone had put the kitchen knives in a locked cabinet, the carpet in my bedroom was blindingly clean, and I met with three different therapists that afternoon to see which one would be the right fit for me.

It's nice to be away from it all, and I find a sudden determination to keep my sleeves down. Even if it's only for a few hours, maybe it'll be nice to spend time with someone who doesn't know.

keep The three of us walk over to the building, a chime above the door jingling as we step inside. I head over to the counter and Kat and Charlie follow, lurking behind me while I pay to fill up my tank. I still don't think money will be an issue, but it doesn't make it any less nerve-wracking to hand over the cash and know that I have a little less security now.

The three of us head to the bathrooms after, and Charlie doesn't hesitate to use our alone time as another chance to talk about Kat. I'm at the sink when he emerges from the middle stall and walks up next to me at the large counter, sneakers smacking against the grungy floor.

"You guys were talking," he says, pumping some soap from the dispenser on the wall. "While I had my headphones in, you were talking."

I glance at myself in the mirror and hope I can blame the dull lighting for why I look so terrible. My eyes are sunken, half-lidded, and my skin is lifelessly pale. I look similar to my second night at the hospital, the first time I managed to get out of bed and stumble to the bathroom. It's not a look I was ever eager to recreate.

I turn on the faucet and lean down, cupping the cold water and splashing it against my face. "Yeah," I finally respond when I turn off the water, reaching for a paper towel and tearing it off unevenly. I pat my face dry, noting that I at least look more awake. "People do that sometimes."

" Oliveeerr, " Charlie draws out my name, groaning in annoyance.

Oliveeerr, I can't help laughing at how frustrated he's getting about the whole situation. Our eyes meet in the large mirror above the sinks and I quirk an eyebrow at him. "Why is this so important to you? Maybe you like this girl more than I do."

He rolls his eyes and I smile, running a hand through my hair. I like the way it falls well enough, so I move over to stand by the door and wait for Charlie, who's been too occupied with our conversation to finish up.

"It's not important," he denies, running his hands under the water quickly enough that I can tell he's aggravated and not just playing around anymore. "Forget it."

"Charlie." My tone borders on parental, somewhere between a scold and an apology.

He walks over to the towel dispenser, but stops short and turns to use the hand dryer instead, filling the room with nothing but the loud machine. If I tried to continue the conversation, I don't think either of us would hear it.

It's my turn to roll my eyes, crossing my arms and letting out a huff as I lean against the wall. Charlie makes his way to the door, not even sparing me a glance. I shoot out an arm, holding the door to prevent him from opening it and leaving.

"Charlie, come on," I coax, equal parts confused and concerned. "What? What did I say?"

"It's not that." He shakes his head, and I'm thankful his tone and expression have seemed to lighten up a bit already, even if I have no idea why they went dark in the first place. "You just don't get it."

I wait for him to elaborate, but all he does is blink at me before looking away.

"What don't I get?"

Again, he shakes his head. "It's nothing. Really, forget it. Can I get a chocolate bar?"

I raise my eyebrows and he smiles innocently, clearly attempting to end the conversation we'd barely even started.

"Sure," I answer, removing my hand from the door. I hate to let whatever that was go, but if he doesn't want to talk about it then I'm not going to make him. For all I know, it's nothing-- maybe the kid does just have a crush. I can't say I can blame him.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





ten




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Kat's leaning against the wall in front of us when we exit the bathroom, forcing my brain to go over everything I just said. Shit, who knows if you can hear through these doors? She could've heard me talking, she could've heard me say that I like her . Yes, it's paraphrasing, but there's no doubt that's what I was insinuating. She'd have to not speak English to not pick up on that.

I like her "Do you think I should get chips or a granola bar?" she asks, looking completely absorbed in the question, which helps dissolve my paranoia.

Still, I'm not focused enough to give anything more than a confused, "Huh?"

"I dunno, I just... chips will last longer, but a granola bar is healthier, and will probably make me feel a lot fuller." She's looking towards the aisles of snack food and gnawing at her bottom lip in a way that holds my attention like nothing else I've ever seen.

"I'm getting chocolate," Charlie announces, coming out from behind me.

"Hmm... chocolate..." Kat sighs softly, shaking her head. "Just what I needed, a third option."

third At the end of a five-minute decision-making process, Kat ends up buying trail mix, an option that wasn't even on her list to begin with. I end up with a hot pretzel from the warming rack, and Charlie settles with the ever-so-healthy Snickers bar and a small bag of Doritos. I can only imagine Mom's face if she ever saw us eating such junk.

Charlie mentions the chilly air when we step outside again, and once we're at the car he opens the door and climbs into the back, bringing the bag of all our snacks with him. I'm not sure if he's honestly cold, or if he's just doing it so that I'll be alone with Kat again. Knowing him, it's probably a little of the former and a lot of the latter.

lot I take out the gas pump as Kat reaches into the pocket of her flannel, which blows slightly in the breeze. She pulls out a small white and red packet of cigarettes, flipping the top open and taking one out before her gaze darts up to mine. "Will this bother you? I can do it somewhere else."

I shrug as I place the pump into the gas cap and hold the trigger. I don't mind, but I am a little surprised by the revelation. "It's fine."

"You don't have to worry about me asking to stop for a break or anything, either, so don't worry," she says, placing the cigarette between her lips and pulling out a lighter from the opposite pocket. She flicks it twice before the flame appears and lights the cigarette before tucking the metal object back into her shirt. After she inhales, she turns her head to blow the smoke away from me. "I'm in the process of quitting, so I'm down to one a day. Start using patches on Tuesday."

"Why'd you start?" I ask. I can get why my mom smokes, or why Peter smokes-- it's a product of their generation. But people our age are usually abusing some other substance; cigarettes haven't really kept their appeal now that everyone knows the consequences.

She raises a shoulder, taking another inhale before staring at the burning drug between her thumb and forefinger. She looks both upset and reminiscent, with a small smile on her lips that doesn't meet her eyes. "Wanted to fit in in high school. The group I hung out with was a bunch of rebellious girls, you know, all potty-mouthed and bad behaved-- I'm sure you have just the type at your school. Anyway, they all smoked for one reason or another. Mostly I think it was just to annoy the shit out of their parents and teachers, but I can't act like my reason was any better."

"I go to an all-boys school-- a very strict all-boys school," I admit. "So I'm not exactly familiar with the type, but I can imagine. Are you still friends with them?"

strict She looks to the pavement, shaking her head. "Can't say I am. Your school sounds way different from mine-- what kind of friends do you make at a place like that?"

"None, if you're smart."

Her laugh breaks through the quiet outdoors. It's the type of laugh you can't help but smile at, so I do, grinning with her at the dumb joke. She drops her cigarette to the ground and stomps it out, and I can't help but noticed it isn't even half-finished. The gas has been done pumping for a good thirty seconds, but I'm too engrossed to break the conversation, so I leave it where it is and hope she doesn't notice the numbers on the machine.

"Do your parents know you smoke?" I ask, not even able to imagine how my mother would react if she ever caught me with something like that. Hell, she'd probably send me right back to the psych ward.

She shakes her head again, giving a half-smile. "They don't know much about me."

I recall the beaten-up trailer and her short trip inside. "Did you tell them you were leaving?"

"No." She looks away, pressing her lips together. "I don't know. I didn't want to argue about it, and it was such an impulsive thing that I was barely even thinking straight. I have a while to figure it out though-- they're used to not seeing me for a few days since we work opposite hours."

"But you got fired," I remember.

"Like I said, they don't know much about me."

I raise my eyebrows. "That's cold," I tease, surprising myself.

She laughs shortly in disbelief, mouth falling open with the hint of a smile. "Oh, really? This coming from the kid who basically abducted his eight year old brother and left nothing but a note?"

I hold back a glare, but I can tell it gets through a little when she raises an eyebrow. "I'm not a kid," I explain my sour expression with words that only serve to make me sound younger.

"You know what I meant," she says as she rolls her eyes. But her gaze settles on me, lingering in a way that makes my face flush. It's only a second before she squints at me, tilting her head ever so slightly, the hint of a smirk playing on her lips. "That really bothers you."

"It's-- I don't like being patronized." It's not a complete lie, but it's definitely not the truth. Coming from her, it's mainly a stab to my ego, an unwanted reminder of how she sees me.

"Well then I guess I shouldn't tell you that you've been done pumping gas for the past two minutes."

I can already feel the heat blossoming behind my cheeks, warming my face in the cool weather. She noticed-- of course she fucking noticed. She's smiling in a way where I know she doesn't mind, but I can't tell if she knows I was staying on purpose or not, and I also can't tell which is more embarrassing.

I yank the pump from the gas cap and turn, shoving it back into its holder. But there's one problem with the action: my sleeve rides up.

I kind of freeze in place for a second-- it's like my brain is overheating, trying to process too much at once. I'm freaking out and it's like my limbs have forgotten what they're supposed to do and in what order. Do I pull my arm away from the pump first, or fix my sleeve first, or turn to see if Kat is looking, and if she's looking, does she see ?

see I guess my mind finally stops buffering and my body plays catch up, doing everything at once. As I turn to see Kat's brown eyes following my arm as it retreats back into the safety of its sleeve, I know my answer.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





eleven




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I hate myself for hating the way her expression turns soft. It's the same look I've gotten from everyone-- the doctors, Peter, Charlie, the three random therapists who came to see me, and even our housemaid. The only one who hasn't given me the look is Mom, and somehow I hate her even more for not doing it.

not Kat's look disappears fast, though, so quick it almost never even existed to begin with. But if she's trying to hide that she saw, she makes the mistake of meeting my eyes. There's a silent stare of recognition, where we both decide not to say anything, and somehow understand that. When I reach for the handle of the driver's side door, Kat turns, heading around to the passenger's side.

I'm not sure how to handle the silence once we're both in the car. Charlie's preoccupied with his chips and something on his phone, so he doesn't seem to notice the lack of conversation. Either that, or he's decided at the worst possible moment to butt out of trying to help me talk to Kat.

There's a part of me that wants to explain, but there's no part of me that has any idea how. Maybe she doesn't even want to know. I'm just some random guy-- we'll be out of each other's lives in a matter of hours.

Is that what she'll remember me as now? Not just the guy who drove her to New York with his brother, but the guy with the suicide scars? It's not the impression I want to leave, and suddenly I'm determined to spend the rest of the ride attempting to bury that memory with good conversation.

I start the car and drive out of the lot, knowing my mission would be a lot easier if I was any good at conversation. "So, is Kat short for something?"

at "Huh? Oh, yeah."

"Which would be...?" I shoot her a glance as I get back on the highway. "Katrina? Kathleen?"

"Kathryn," she answers, not sounding too happy about it.

"I take it you've always gone by Kat?"

She shakes her head. "Everyone back home calls me Rynn. I don't get to introduce myself to new people that often-- small town, you know? I figured I'd switch things up. Rynn's cool, but... I don't know. Right now I'd rather be Kat."

"Well I guess in New York you can call yourself whatever you want. Big city, and only one person will know your real name. What does he call you, anyway?"

"Hmm?"

"Does your brother call you Rynn, too?"

"Oh!" Her eyebrows shoot up and she gives herself a playful smack on the forehead. "Right, yeah. Yeah, he calls me Rynn."

"Does he know you're coming?" Charlie asks, stretching his seat belt as he leans forward between the two front seats.

"Um, well... not exactly. No. I haven't told him yet, but I don't think he'll mind."

I can't stop myself from wondering what had Kat so eager to leave that she was willing to be so impulsive. Her decision seems just as poorly thought out as mine does, which is strangely comforting even if it does make me curious why.

"Did you tell everyone you were leaving?" Charlie continues. "Your parents and your friends? Your boyfriend?"

I bite the inside of my cheek, feeling myself blush at Charlie's brashness. I risk a glance over at Kat.

Her eyebrows are raised, mouth slightly ajar. She laughs a bit, shaking her head. "I haven't told anybody."

I find myself wishing she'd be a little more specific, pointlessly hoping she's single. Wouldn't it be better if she wasn't? It would help kill this false hope I have that she could ever be interested in me. Even if miracles could happen and she was interested, I have to keep reminding myself that soon we'll look at each other for the last time, say goodbye, and that will be it.

was God, I do not want that to be it. But with every passing minute New York is getting closer and closer, and so is the inevitable moment when we part ways. We had to stop for food, we had to go in that IHOP, I just had to be cursed with the knowledge that a girl like this exists.

not that had I need to chill out, majorly. Look at me-- it's been a few hours and I've gone completely ga-ga over a girl I barely know. I blame Mom and the fact that she insists on making me go to an all-boys school so that the only contact I have with the opposite sex is with the stuck up daughters of her friends.

Charlie hums, thinking it over. "You don't think they'll be worried?"

"I'll tell my parents soon enough." She shrugs, letting out a small laugh. "Friends... been a while since I had any of those, and same goes for a boyfriend. So no, I don't think anyone'll be too worried."

"Sounds like Oliver." Charlie grins at me in the rearview. "He doesn't have friends or a girlfriend, but he says he likes being alone better."

I can feel my face heating up. "Yeah, and if you can't convince Mom to let you go to public school before you hit the sixth grade, you'll be saying the same thing soon enough."

"What's so bad about private school?" Kat questions.

"It's not private school I have an issue with, it's Northview. The place is... I don't know, it's like somehow they got America's most pretentious males to all enroll at the same school."

"Grass is always greener." Kat shrugs. "I think once you hit middle school, no matter where you go, it's kind of destined to suck. Sorry," she apologizes to Charlie, obviously feeling guilty for her bluntness. "I mean, maybe not."

"Don't worry." He raises a shoulder, unbothered. "Oliver's already told me."

The words tug at my stomach. I guess I have been drilling it through his head pretty hard that Northview is the worst place on Earth. I probably haven't made the idea of leaving elementary school very exciting for him.

The last thing I want is for things to not work out for Charlie because I put it in his head that they shouldn't. I should be trying to preserve his optimism, not kill it before it even has a chance to pay off. Thanks to what I've told him and what I tried to do to myself, I can only imagine it's hard for him to keep such a positive outlook on things all the time.

I "Yeah, well, what do I know? Don't listen to me," I backtrack and crack a smile at him in the mirror, hoping it seems real enough. It's scary to think of Charlie turning out like me, and if there's anything I can do to reverse the damage I'm sure I've caused, I'm more than willing to try. "You should know better than that by now."





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





twelve


this chapter is dedicated to camomile_addison , who gave me such a wonderfully written, helpful, and nice review in her book "Reviews: On the Hunt For the Hidden Gems"! I appreciate it so so much, and I wish I had a better way to show my thanks!!❤

this chapter is dedicated to camomile_addison , who gave me such a wonderfully written, helpful, and nice review in her book "Reviews: On the Hunt For the Hidden Gems"! I appreciate it so so much, and I wish I had a better way to show my thanks!!❤ camomile_addison

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. There's something less exciting than I expected about entering New York City. I guess I've always had a picture of the city in my head, filled with every cliche in the book-- towering skyscrapers and bright marquees advertising Broadway shows, busy streets filled with even busier people. But at seven in the morning, with a hazy sky and the sun gently lighting the dull buildings that line the streets on the edge of the city, it doesn't seem that special at all. Just another place with more people.

Despite the lack of awe, my insides are swirling with a distracting amount of other emotions. I'm nervous to meet Isaac, anxiously wondering if he'll even be there, scared that either Mom or Peter will find the note soon and call me, and wishing that Brooklyn was a lot farther away so I could have more time with Kat.

The last hour of the drive was filled with small talk, which I'd started in an attempt to make both of us forget about the scars I hadn't meant to show. But it was good small talk, about things we like, interests we share and hobbies we have. Not the usual, "how's school?" or, " what are your plans for college?" that I always get from everyone else.

good "how's school?" what are your plans for college?" The more I've learned about her, like how she likes the same music as me, or how she has nearly ten dream jobs (a stark contrast to my zero), and is only slightly embarrassed that all her favorite movies are "chick flicks"-- her words, not mine-- the less I want her to go.

Usually, I think people are more exciting before you get to know them. You can project anything you want onto someone you don't know, idealize them and make them into whoever you hope they are. But meeting someone who's better than anything I could create in my head has been more exciting than I can fathom. Kat is real and human just like me, and I feel like I could spend forever learning about all the intricacies of who she is without getting bored.

before One thing about the city that is just as I expected is the traffic-- we're already in stop and go, to the point that I have a minute to turn and face Kat. She's looking out her window with almost as wonderstruck of an expression as Charlie has in the backseat. It's like they both see something that I don't, totally entranced by the brick apartment buildings, shoddy corner stores, and comfortable looking locals walking past with their morning coffees.

is "I guess, uh... I guess I'll drop you off at your brother's before we head to the Hilton," I say, drawing her attention to me. In the simplest and most truthful way of putting it, this sucks. She's beautiful and fun to talk to, and we're about to say goodbye. I feel sick from the mixture of butterflies and disappointment.

She quirks an eyebrow, looking at me like I'm crazy. "Are you kidding? I have to see how this plays out."

"You mean--" My eyebrows raise, causing her to shrug a shoulder. "Really?"



"I'd like to stick around, if it's okay with you guys. You could say I'm emotionally invested," she says. My gaze flicks to the rearview and Charlie meets my eyes, giving a small and undeniably smug smile.

"Oh, well-- Okay, cool." I nod, hoping I seem casual and not like I'm forcing back a grin. "Fine with me."

It's strange how I can feel part of my worries dissipate now that our parting ways has been pushed back, at least for a few hours. Still, I'm anxious about everything else. One thing I will say for fear, though, is that it's a lot better than nothing. For the first time in a long time, I'm feeling. It's like all the emotions I missed out on in the past year have shown up in the last twenty-four hours.

feeling. "I guess that means it's time to go find my dad."

"Nervous?" Kat asks like she already knows the answer.

"To say the least." I nod, letting out a breath. There are so many things that could go wrong. "I mean, what if he's mad? And I don't even know what I'm gonna say to him. I keep wondering if I should even do this-- I mean, I'm about to interrupt his whole life, you know?"

She shakes her head and is about to speak, but Charlie beats her to it. "I would want to know," he says, voice filled with a maturity that always manages to surprise me when he uses it.

"Exactly," Kat agrees. Everything about her is warmer somehow, like she's flipped a switch to comfort me, adopting gentle eyes and a softer voice. "And even if by some chance he doesn't, and even if he does get mad, he deserves to know."

does deserves I stay silent, letting the words sink in. They're right; even if this is the worst news Isaac's ever heard, it's the truth. It's his truth, our truth. I wasn't happy about it at first either, but more than anything I was upset that for eighteen years, no one told me. If I don't do this, I'll be just like Mom and Peter.

his our Before I can respond, my phone rings from its place on the center console. The still traffic means I can look, but I immediately wish I hadn't been able to-- "Mom" is displayed on the screen in thick white letters, the blank contact image lacking any kind of encouraging personality. My chest feels heavier in an instant, nerves poking at my insides and stinging behind my rib cage.

The standard ringtone lets out its second ring, but I'm still just staring, locked in place.

"Are you gonna answer?" Kat asks. I meet her eyes, but quickly face forward, watching the cars in front of me, which may as well be parked.

Another ring.

"I can't. I'm driving."

"Oliver," she says my name in a way that calls me out for the bullshit excuse, but I can hear a hint of laughter behind the three syllables. It doesn't do much to make me feel any less like puking, though, especially as the fourth ring plays.

"Seriously, I can't. It's-- I'm severely underprepared for that conversation."

"It'll only make you feel worse if you don't answer. You won't be able to stop thinking about it, and she'll probably--" Kat stops as the latest ring is cut short.

"Hello?" Charlie says. My eyes go wide, head snapping to look at the space where my phone no longer rests. I turn in my seat to look at Charlie, who just gives me a shrug and a purse of his lips, as if he doesn't understand what the big deal is.

"Oh my God," I mumble, turning back around and resting my forehead on top of the steering wheel. I can just barely hear my mother's tension-filled voice as she thanks God that Charlie's alright, proceeding to ask a question I can't make out.



"We're in the car, he's driving," Charlie answers, unbelievably calm. I pick my head up and glance at Kat, who's watching him. She looks surprisingly worried for someone who had just been trying to convince me to answer the phone. "Oh, um... hold on."

Charlie pulls the phone away from his ear, hitting the mute button. "She wants to know where we are, do you want me to tell her?"

I hold out my hand for the phone, knowing Charlie shouldn't be responsible for communicating my decisions. He hands it over and I un-mute myself, taking a deep breath before putting the phone to my ear. "Mom?"

"Oliver!" Her voice is almost hoarse with anger, and although I've heard her scold me a million times, I can't say I remember her ever sounding so unstable. "Where are you?"

"The where isn't really what's important," I answer vaguely. Maybe it's a mistake-- the last thing I want is to draw this out. The sooner this conversation is over, the better.

where "Oliver--"

"Okay, alright. I'm in New York. Charlie is safe-- he wanted to come so I let him, and I haven't let him out of my sight."

Kat gives me a look since we both know it's a lie, but I'd rather keep my momentary lapse of judgment a secret from my mother for, ideally, the rest of my life.

"I'm going to meet Isaac-- you know, my father," I continue, unable to help myself from snapping. "That's what I meant in the note, when I said I found out you'd been lying to me."

"Oh, and you think this is the best way to handle it?" she questions me like it's the stupidest thing she's ever witnessed. I hate when her voice gets this tone, equal parts annoyed and annoying. "Why not try talking to us, Oliver?"

this talking "Talking?" I repeat, forcing out a cold laugh. "We don't talk, Mom. God, I don't even know why I'm surprised you never told me."

I'm never this blunt. Usually around Mom, my strategy is to stay silent, only speaking up if I really feel the need. But when I'm hundreds of miles away from any potential consequences, it feels a lot easier to let loose.

really "You want to talk?" I ask, driving up to the next intersection, where we're quickly stopped again. I guess it's for the better-- with no GPS, I have no fucking idea where I'm going. "Why don't we talk about why I wasn't home for half the month? Why don't we talk about how you lied to all my teachers and told them I was sick, or how you forced me to hide the truth from all the people you invited over yesterday? Better yet, how about we talk about the fact that you hired a stranger to talk to me about all this shit so that you wouldn't have to?"

stranger you There's a pause. Two seconds of uncomfortable silence, where I'm forced to hear my words play back in my mind and know that Charlie and Kat heard the whole thing.

"Oliver." It's a different voice-- Peter's voice. I guess my little speech was enough to make Mom tired of talking. Big surprise. "Just come home. We can explain everything about Isaac, okay? We will talk."

will "I'll come home, but not until after I meet him. Until then, don't call me. If you want to talk to Charlie, fine-- I get it. But I'm... I mean, you're kidding yourselves if you think I'll ever see you the way I did before."

"I don't want to have to come bring you home myself, Oli," he threatens, voice stern and yet somehow a million times less intimidating than Mom's. "This doesn't have to be a big deal."

"I'd say this is the exact fucking definition of a big deal. And If you don't want to, then don't. I'll be back, probably by tomorrow. I know what I'm doing," I bluff, ignoring the fact that I don't even know what turn I'm supposed to take next.

exact I've heard enough and said way more than I meant to, so I don't wait for a response, before giving him a flat "Goodbye," and hanging up the phone.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. As always, thanks so much for reading!

As always, thanks so much for reading!





thirteen




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Okay." I let out a breath, but it doesn't do much to stop the churning of my stomach. "Problem solved."

"Problem solved?" Kat questions, the hint of a laugh in her voice.

"Unless Peter comes down here, then yeah. For now, problem solved." I'm not sure I even believe the words I'm saying, but it's a slight comfort to pretend that everything is fine. "I mean, I talked to them, which in my opinion is more than they deserved."

My phone rings again, proving that the problem is definitely not solved. I ignore it, and despite the incessant ringing, there's a silence that coats the air between the three of us. I don't know what Kat is thinking, but I can't help feeling judged, like everyone expects me to do the right thing-- whatever that is.

not I think about the panic in Mom's voice when Charlie picked up the phone. Ever since my attempt, Mom's done her best to make sure I haven't been alone with him. She probably thinks I'll tell him all about what I did and mess up his brain so it's just like mine. I guess I can't blame her, but at the same time, she has to know I would never do anything to hurt Charlie, right?

Not intentionally, anyway. Was it wrong for me to bring him along? He is just a kid.

is As we pull up to the next red light, I turn to look at him.

"Charlie, I want you to be honest, okay?" I prompt. He raises his eyebrows, gaze flicking to Kat for half a second. I can feel her stare on me, but I keep my eyes locked with Charlie's, some mild attempt at intimidating him into telling the truth. "Do you want me to bring you back home?"

He looks at me like he's disappointed I would even ask, pouting and narrowing his eyes. "No."

"In that case," I turn back around in my seat, reaching over to send the call to voicemail and put my phone on silent, "as far as I'm concerned, there is no problem. For them, sure. For us? I'm fine, you're fine-- everything's fine."

Maybe if I keep repeating it, it'll stop me from worrying so much. Still, if something ever happened to Charlie I wouldn't even know what to do with myself. If something happens to him while I'm in charge of his well being? I can't even think about it. From now on, my eyes are on Charlie twenty-four-seven, end of.

"I'm guessing they'll try to call you in a minute," I continue, knowing Charlie is their main concern right now. "You can pick up if you want, but I won't talk to them."

There isn't anything I have left to say. I'm still embarrassed I went on such a rant in front of Kat and Charlie, but I also feel relieved-- for once, I stuck up for myself and said exactly what was on my mind. If Mom and Peter can't handle it, too bad, and if they don't realize that it's their fault I left in the first place, I can't help them.

My prediction is right: Mom calls Charlie a few seconds after the sentence leaves my mouth. He decides to reply with a text-- I get the feeling that he knows as well as I do that picking up wouldn't do me any good, so I appreciate that he doesn't. She would just keep ordering us to come home and try to get me on the line so she could yell at me. Hell, she'd probably make us stay on the phone for the rest of the trip so she'd know Charlie was alright.

He's occupied with his conversation in the back seat, thumbs typing away on the touch screen, and I'm busy trying to be okay with the fact that all of this happened in front of Kat. It feels like the scale is tipped, and she knows a lot more about me than I know about her.

There's a lot I want to know. I want to know why she up and left Maryland like that, I want to know why her father is in prison and how she can be so okay with a family that seems almost as screwed up as mine. I want to know why she got fired and why she hasn't told her brother that she's coming. And on top of that, I want to know basically anything else she'd be willing to tell me, no matter if it's life-changing or totally unimportant. If it has to do with Kat, for some reason-- reasons I can't even begin to describe-- I just want to know.

want The more I think about it, the more I realize: there's nothing I've experienced that's as humbling as realizing how fast I can get attached to the right person.





»»——⍟——««





We end up having to find a parking garage, thanks to me not doing enough research to know that the hotel parking is reserved for guests only. Thankfully there's one nearby, which I'm willing to pay for due to the fact that I don't really have a choice.

I pull into a space on the second level and park the car, which I'm irrationally nervous to leave. Not only because I'm worried about it, but because I'm worried about me. The closer I get to finding Isaac, the more paranoid I'm getting that this whole thing really is crazy.

it, me. I just have to keep telling myself that I'm doing the right thing. And that even if it wasn't the right thing, I want it to happen. If I turned around and went home now, I'd wonder about what could've happened for the rest of my life. Even if Mom and Peter take me to meet Isaac, I'd always imagine how it could've been different if I'd done it myself, and I'd always wonder why I didn't go through with it. This whole thing was my choice and I made it for a reason, I just have to remember that.

want I don't have much time to repeat my mantra since Kat and Charlie both get out of the car as soon as the engine stops. They're probably eager to stretch their legs for the first time since the gas station-- I've been too distracted to realize how stiff mine are feeling. I follow them out and the sound of my door closing echoes off the concrete ceiling. The smell of stale gasoline and exhaust hit my nose, mixed with the crisp morning air that wafts in through the open walls of the garage.

Kat and Charlie come around to my side, wearing matching smiles of excitement and looking at me to lead the way.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





fourteen




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. The walk to the hotel was chillier than I expected, and I found myself huddling into my jacket as we passed by more appropriately dressed pedestrians. With the rushed packing I did, I didn't really account for anything other than typical May weather, which the streets of the city don't seem to follow.

Charlie thankfully seemed fine, probably too distracted to notice the temperature. His gaze followed everything-- every pigeon, passing car, and store window. Kat's gaze trailed as well, but I caught her keeping an eye on Charlie as well, which I'm grateful for. Towards the heart of Manhattan it feels like the city could swallow us whole, and I've been way more paranoid about Charlie vanishing from between us than logic should allow.

Now the Millennium looms in front of us, it's reflective exterior touching the sky and making me feel dizzy as I look to the top. I face the entrance instead, which is sleek and modern, all black and chrome. The three of us are mirrored on the building, looking exactly like the kind of people who don't stay in a hotel like this. Even though I know my family has the money and I remember staying in places that were probably just as nice, I can't shake the feeling that I don't belong.

If Kat feels the same way, it doesn't show. She pulls out her phone and aims the camera at our reflection, catching me off guard in my frozen state. Charlie throws up a quick peace sign and grins widely while Kat lets out a laugh, the camera clicking before I can even put on a smile.

"I wasn't ready," I defend myself as she holds the phone out for us to look.

Charlie stands on his toes and I lean in to see the picture, where I'm frozen in time wearing the world's most serious expression, next to the happiest looking eight year old of all time and a girl with an endearingly crooked smile. I shake my head, but can't help laughing at how out of place I look next to them.

"Speaking of ready," Kat says, locking the phone and sliding it back into the pocket of her shorts before turning to me with an expectant look, "Are we going inside any time soon?"

I nod, even though it feels like I could stand out here forever and never be ready. The three of us head into the doorway and file into the lobby, which is just as modern as the outside. Every wall is made of warm-toned wood, which all the low hanging lights reflect off of. There's a family sitting in the nicely-furnished lobby to the left and a couple talking to one of the receptionists. I lead Kat and Charlie up to the available woman, who's looking at us with a smile that I'm sure she's paid to fake.

"Welcome to the Millennium Hilton, how can I help you this morning?" she asks, tone sickly sweet. Her black hair is slicked back into a tight bun, the neat hairstyle matching her crisp white shirt and fitted grey blazer.

"Um," I stutter, unprepared despite the loitering we just did outside. "I'm looking for my dad, Isaac Ausman. I was hoping you could tell me if he works here."

Her smile falters, the corners of her mouth struggling for a second to stay raised. "I'm sorry, sir. I'm not authorized to give out that kind of information. Is there anything else I can help you with?"



"Well-- No, I just... Please?" I pull out the magic word, not knowing what else to say.

She shakes her head, no longer trying to hold the manufactured grin. "I'm sorry. It's against company policy."

"We came all the way from Virginia," Charlie speaks up, resting his chin on the counter and looking up at the woman. "We came here just to meet him."

I look back to her, but she seems jarringly unaffected by Charlie's puppy dog expression.

"Again, I apologize, but I can't tell you any employee information."

"Please," Kat chimes in, "We're just asking about a name, nothing else. Just if there's any man who works here named Isaac."

"Yes, which is employee information ," she repeats, voice getting snippier.

employee information Kat lets out a short huff, gesturing to the woman's blazer, where her name tag is displayed on the thin lapel. "Well I know your name, Monica ."

Monica Monica sighs, pressing her lips together. "Do the three of you plan on checking in with us today?"

My stomach sinks-- this isn't going anywhere. "No. Thanks anyway."

"What-- that's it?" Kat questions, following me away from the counter, Charlie trailing behind her.

"I don't know!" I lead us back outside into the stale morning air. The two of them look to me as I lean against one of the supports of the awning over the entryway. "What else am I supposed to do?"

She looks down, silently admitting that she doesn't know either.

I close my eyes, letting my head fall back against the hard surface. "God, I feel like an idiot."

"Don't," she says firmly.

"I can't help it. I should've known."

"There's no way you could've known we'd get Hilton's most loyal employee," she argues.

"It's not just that. I should've known none of this would work out. It was a stupid, insane thing to do-- running off to New York, a city filled with millions of people, and trying to find a man I've never even met."

"Oliver, just breathe for a second, okay? I mean it sucks, sure, but it's still early-- we've got all day. It's not like this is over just because of one inconvenience. We'll figure something out, or--" she pauses. "Charlie?"

My eyes shoot open at the lack of a response, only to see Kat turning around, looking every which way, expression panicked.

"Holy shit," I push myself off of the cold metal, my heart already feeling like it's going to burst. I close my eyes for forty seconds and my brother disappears into America's biggest city. Perfect. "Charlie?" I call out, praying for a response that doesn't come.

"Oh my God-- I swear he was right next to me when we came out," Kat says, a hand rising to her forehead. "I know he was, and he came over here with us, and..."

It feels like my brain has shut down, not even able to form a coherent thought. Genuinely, I think I'm about to throw up, and then probably start crying. Kat gasps and grabs my shoulder before the food can start its journey out of my gut, pointing to where Charlie is walking around the corner of the building. He's jogging towards us with a big smile, but I can't bring myself to return it, feeling like I've just gone through the seven levels of hell in less than a minute.

"Charlie!" I kneel down to his level, placing my hands on his shoulders. "Jesus! What happened, where the hell did you go?"

"I saw a lady dressed like a maid walk that way, so I followed her," he answers, not seeming to realize that there's an issue. "I asked her, and she said a man named Isaac does work here! She told me he has a shift at midnight to clean the indoor pool."

does I can't even bring myself to be happy about what he just said, still reeling. It feels like my pulse might never return to a normal speed. "Do not walk away like that again, okay? You scared the shit out of me. Why didn't you tell me?"

not shit He shrugs, looking like he doesn't feel all that guilty for nearly giving me a heart attack. "You were having a moment."

I roll my eyes. "A moment ? You didn't want to interrupt my freak out, so instead, you give me one that's a hundred times worse. Very logical, Charlie."

moment He smiles. "I'm sorry."

"I just want you to understand, I don't care what's happening-- I mean, I don't care if I, like, start miraculously giving birth, or if I'm in the middle of a conversation with risen-from-the-dead Kurt Cobain, or anything," I emphasize, knowing that even though I'm making him laugh, there's still the lingering seriousness from the shock of opening my eyes to find him missing. "You interrupt it and let me know before you go anywhere, okay?"

anything," He nods, meeting my eyes so I know he gets it. "Okay."

"And I think you owe Kat an apology," I add, standing back up. "It wasn't just me you freaked out."

She shakes her head, a hand over her heart as she looks to Charlie. "I'm just glad you're okay. It was smart thinking to ask that lady, but not without telling us."

"Speaking of which, if she's right, there's no way we can just hang out until midnight," I say.

"Why don't we check in?" Charlie asks. Kat's eyes go wide, and I know what she's thinking.

"I don't have nearly enough money for that," I admit, not understanding why Charlie smiles at the words.

He reaches into the front pocket of his colorful button-up, still grinning. "I don't think that's gonna be a problem."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

I hope this chapter is accurate, because, confession time: I've only stayed in a hotel once (thankfully recently), so I don't have much experience with them and how they work lol.😅 plus, basing it off a real-life hotel that I've never been to makes it even harder, but I guess that's the challenge of writing-- I've also never been on a road trip to New York to find my estranged father skskskks



I hope this chapter is accurate, because, confession time: I've only stayed in a hotel once (thankfully recently), so I don't have much experience with them and how they work lol.😅 plus, basing it off a real-life hotel that I've never been to makes it even harder, but I guess that's the challenge of writing-- I've also never been on a road trip to New York to find my estranged father skskskks





fifteen




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. My eyes go wide as Charlie pulls out a red credit card from the pocket of his shirt. He's smirking, clearly pleased with himself. I can't figure out if I'm relieved or terrified to see the familiar plastic in his hand.

"Where did you get that?" I question. I'm pretty sure I already know the answer-- the how is what I should be asking.

how "Mom and Dad were still sleeping and I knew we might need it," he explains, looking like he doesn't see a problem with it.

I'm having trouble deciding if I'm proud or disappointed, all while wondering why I didn't think of it. Why spend my own money on a trip that they should be paying for? And if my goal is to piss them off, which I can't deny it partly is, this will most definitely get the job done.

they "Charlie, I'm not saying I encourage this kind of behavior," I watch him roll his eyes at my parental tone, "but this is... I mean... it was pretty genius of you."

He smiles, nodding. "I thought so."

"Not to be a buzzkill," Kat interjects, "but won't your parents know right where you are if they see the charge on their card?"

I know she's right, but shrug it off. "Hopefully they won't see it. Chances are in the midst of all this, they won't even know it's missing."

It is risky, but my hunger for rage-inducing rebellion is too high for me to care. Besides, the more I think about it, the more I realize that apart from turning around and going home, or finding the shittiest motel in New York, it's just about the only option we have.



is

»»——⍟——««

»»——⍟——«« Apparently, the hunger for rage-inducing rebellion also means that I impulsively book the most expensive room available, much to Monica's poorly hidden surprise. And we get lucky-- I'm not sure if it's because she doesn't care or doesn't notice, but the fact that the name on my driver's license doesn't match the one on the credit card doesn't seem to matter.

Unfortunately, check-in isn't until three, and it's only nine o'clock. We've got six hours to kill before then, and then almost ten more until Isaac's shift-- but I'm not complaining, since that means sixteen more hours with Kat if she really meant what she said about sticking around. It's still hard for me to believe she came with us in the first place, let alone decided to stay for any longer than she needed to.

The first thing we do is bring the car to the hotel. Then, since walking seems to be a lot easier than driving here, we take another stroll through the city to a nearby pizza place. There's barely anyone inside due to how early it still is, so it doesn't take long for us to get seated and order.

The place has character, but is nothing unique for a pizza parlor-- black and white tiled flooring and plain walls with a few framed pictures here and there. Kat sits in the red booth across from me and Charlie, who once again seems entranced by the busy city on the other side of the window.



I, on the other hand, am once again entranced by Kat. She's fiddling with the straw in her iced tea, looking like her thoughts are anywhere but here.

"Excited?" I ask. I've been so caught up with my own life that I keep forgetting this trip is crazy for her, too. I know firsthand that it's terrifying to leave home without telling anyone-- and in her case, it doesn't seem like she means for it to be temporary. I'm sure she's eager to meet up with her brother and see a familiar face. It reminds me that I'm grateful Charlie wanted to tag along-- without him, I'm not sure how I'd be holding up.

"More like nervous," she admits, offering a quick smile and a shake of her head. "But what about you?"

I shrug a shoulder. "The hardest part's over for me-- I already talked to my Mom."

"You two really don't get along, huh?"

really "Was it that easy to tell?" I joke, knowing our phone call must've made it pretty obvious. "No, we don't-- never really have. We're just... too different."

The waiter comes with our pizza then, and there's a pause in conversation as the three of us reach for slices of the greasy, mouth-watering food. There's silence for a minute as we all dive in, indulging in the heart-attack-inducing cuisine.

Kat finishes chewing before continuing the conversation. "Too different?"

" Way too different," Charlie adds before taking another bite.

Way I let out a short laugh, knowing Charlie's seen me and Mom butt heads a million times. I don't even know where to begin when it comes to explaining all the ways we're unalike.

"I'm not as ambitious as she wants me to be, or as social, or as well-mannered, etcetera etcetera." I wave my hand in circles to indicate the list could go on forever. "And she's just... she's so obsessed with what people think of her, so she drags the rest of us into it and tries to make us match up with her perfect image. It's like, I never get a chance to just be Oliver when she's around. I have to be the kid she wishes she raised-- and my whole life I've felt like she's been trying to raise me into some elitist prick, you know?"

Oliver Kat's eyebrows raise behind her pizza. "How so?"

"It's... I don't know, everything." I shake my head and take another bite. "The way she tries to change how I dress and how I talk. Insisting I go to private school. Dragging me off to auctions and banquets and parties for parents to show off their kids like... like we're sculptures they made out of clay or something. God, I fucking hated the parties."

hated "Past tense?"

I can't help but smile a little. "I... took to some drastic measures to get out of one last year. Haven't had to go to any since, apart from my own hellscape of a birthday party."

"How drastic are we talking?" She lowers her food, clearly intrigued. "Dangerous? Illegal?"

I shake my head, holding back a laugh at the memory. "How should I put this? Let's say... cosmetically altering."

Charlie snickers next to me as he reaches for his lemonade. Kat's gaze flicks between us.

"Come on," she urges, setting down her slice. "What did you do, shave your head or something?"

"My eyebrows," I correct, watching as her jaw drops. "I shaved my eyebrows."

"No way!" She looks to my forehead, probably checking to see that they grew back in okay. "Like, clean off?"

"Clean off. I looked like an alien. Mom went from insisting I go to the party to banning me from attending," I laugh, still proud of the success. As immature as it may have been, it was one of the few times I stood up for myself, and not only that, but it actually worked. "She could barely even bring herself to look at me until they grew back in."

"You're committed, I'll give you that," Kat says in a way that I hope is as impressed as it sounds. "I get it, though. My mom and I are different, too-- maybe not that different, but enough to not get along most of the time."

that Again, I'm forced to see that Kat and I seem to have similar home lives and feel a little embarrassed by how much less she seems to be bothered by hers.

"Is that why you left home?" Charlie asks.

Her right shoulder raises for a second as she frowns halfway. "I guess. Well, I dunno." There's a pause, and her next words seem to be almost more to herself than either of us. "I don't think it was really something that tangible."

I nod, because I think I understand what she means. Sometimes it doesn't matter if the real things around you completely suck or are the best they've ever been. Sometimes it's everything else, all the things you can't describe, building up and pushing you one by one, insisting that something has to change.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





sixteen




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I thought it was chilly on the streets, but that was nothing compared to how it feels on the ferry as we head back towards the city. The breeze is stronger on the water, and my fingers feel frozen even as they're shoved into my jacket pockets.

Charlie suggested we go sightseeing, and considering we have time to kill and a credit card to use on whatever we want, I didn't see why not. His audiobook seemed to pay off, since he knew all about where to go and what he wanted to do first. He suggested we skip the ride to the crowded Ellis Island and instead pass by the Statue of Liberty on the ferry from Staten Island.

It all seemed a little underwhelming at first, just a big green statue sticking out of the water and a bunch of people looking up at it, taking pictures with their phones and cameras. I couldn't help feeling like it was nothing more than another part of life that seemed cooler in movies and daydreams.

Thankfully, having Charlie around is basically like having your own personal tour guide, and as he started spewing history, something in my perspective seemed to shift. It's still just a statue, sure. But as I watch it get smaller as the boat travels away, I can't help thinking about all the other people who must've experienced this same moment in a million different ways.

I turn to Kat, watching as she looks out at the water, the sun reflecting off of every small wave. I can't help but wonder what she thinks-- what she really thinks, beyond the awe she expressed at face value. Is there some part of her that felt unimpressed too?

really The thought makes me feel uneasy-- it's easier believing I'm the only one messed up enough to feel that way. The idea that other people are the same as me is anything but comforting. If the way I feel is the norm, then what's even the point?

I try to shake the thought from my mind, glancing to Charlie to remind myself that at the very least, there's one happy person in the world right now. His eyes are wide, matching his smile as he snaps picture after picture of the shrinking monument. His feelings are unmistakably genuine, and I shouldn't question that Kat's are as well.

I turn back to her, surprised to find that she's looking at me now. She raises an eyebrow in question, as if it was her who caught me staring instead of the other way around.

"Can I ask something?" I start, not wanting to let the opportunity of silently invited conversation go to waste. There are still so many questions I want her to answer, so many things I want to know.

She shrugs. "Yeah, shoot."

"If you weren't happy at home, why didn't you leave until now?" It's a question I've had on my mind for a while now, unable to fathom the idea of living with Mom for any longer than necessary. "I mean, as soon as I graduate, I'm out. There's no way I'm sticking around."

She emits a short scoff and a hostile roll of her eyes. It catches me off guard and makes the question immediately feel like a mistake. "You think it's that easy?"

I give a small shrug, nervous to answer such a closed-off question. "Probably easier than the emotional toll of living at home."

She leans against the bright orange railing of the ferry, her hands dangling over the edge. There's a moment of silence before she raises a shoulder, shaking her head. "I thought it would be easy. Senior year I thought, this is it, one more year and I'm out on my own. Then I graduated and realized I didn't know anyone, I didn't have anywhere to go, and I had no idea how to be an adult."

this is it, one more year and I'm out on my own. I nod, her words shattering my previous optimism about leaving home. There's no denying that they apply to me, too. When I take a realistic look at my future, even the most basic areas are shrouded in uncertainty.

Her eyes move to the other side of me where Charlie is standing, but if he's listening to our conversation, he's good at pretending he isn't. His head is turned the other way, towards the nearing city.

"I finished high school, left behind all the premade schedules and plans, and suddenly I was on my own," she continues, voice an octave lower despite Charlie's apparent disinterest. "It's like... like life keeps you in this tiny room until you graduate, and then pushes you out into this world that's filled with things you've never had to deal with before. And everyone acts like you're supposed to know what you're doing-- even if they don't, either."

"I'll be honest, Oliver. It's been two years since then, and at this rate, I don't know if I'll ever know what I'm doing." She looks down at her beaten up boots, which are side by side with my dirty Converse. "Don't listen to me though-- For all I know I'm probably just an outlier. Maybe it'll be easy for you."

ever "Maybe it wasn't easy for you, but you did it, right?" I try to encourage, not liking that I'm responsible for the slight pout on her face. "You came here. You left."

easy She nods, looking out over the water. "Yeah. But that's what's scary, I guess. I mean, staying with my parents... it was safe. Sometimes I hated it, but at least it was a familiar feeling. I knew what to expect."

"Isn't it better to be scared than miserable?"

"Maybe. It's hard to see it that way, though. Sometimes it doesn't matter if the situation you're in is draining the life out of you-- if it's safe, and familiar, you tell yourself staying is the smart thing to do."

I get what she means, as much as I wish I didn't. When it came to my attempt, it's not like I didn't have other options. I could've left home, I could've dropped out, I could've made any change possible in an attempt to shake off the constant cycle of sadness, fury, and numbness. But those options didn't feel like actual options, too polluted by fear for me to take them seriously. Fear of the unknown met with fear that even if I made the changes, the cycle might not go away.

actual "I took my situation-- my sadness-- and convinced myself to like it," she continues, voice once again dropping lower. I almost can't hear her over the bustle of other passengers. "Romanticized it, I guess. Now I'm worried that if things work out and I end up happy... it'll feel like somethings missing."

"I get it. When you get used to feeling bad, it's hard to remember the person you were without that feeling." It's easier than I expected to talk about something like this, and I know it's partly because she's seen my scars. I know there's probably not much I could say that would shock her more than they did. "It feels impossible to get that person back."

without "Sometimes I wonder if it's even still possible for me to just be happy. Just happy, no melancholic strings attached, you know?"

Just I want to tell her I think it is, but I also want to tell the truth. "Just because you don't think it is right now, doesn't mean it never will be," I hypothesize, uncertain if the words apply to me, too.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





seventeen




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Central Park is our next stop, and is a nice change of pace from the bustling ferry and busy streets. It's crowded like the rest of the city, but the people traversing the wide, shaded paths of the park seem more laid back somehow. Where everywhere else is like one big race, the park is a nice place to take a breather and appreciate the bits of nature that New York City has to offer.

The trees hang over our heads, hiding us from the sun that finally decided to make an appearance. I'm thankful that thanks to the clouds starting to disperse, it's getting a little warmer. Birds chirp from their hidden nests, while the less shy pigeons walk along the sidewalk, bobbing their heads. A small flock crowds around one bench where an old man sits, a bag of birdseed in his hand.

"Did you know the park has over nine thousand benches?" Charlie asks, turning backwards to face me and Kat. Despite his shorter legs, he's walking faster than both of us. It's like the kid has some hidden source of never-ending energy.

"Nine thousand?" Kat repeats. I'm surprised by both the trivia and the amount of facts Charlie's managed to remember.

"Nine thousand." He nods. "And the carousel," he points to the brick structure we're approaching, where typical merry-go-round organ music blares from, "is over a hundred years old."

"Not really the kind of information that makes me eager to ride it." I watch the wooden horses go in circles, smiling kids and laughing parents sitting on their saddles.





"Please?" Charlie brings out the puppy dog eyes again, already leading us in the direction of the line.

"We should," Kat suggests. "I haven't been on one since I was... jeez, probably Charlie's age."

"I don't know." I shrug, standing next to them as they join the short queue. "Spinning like that makes me nauseous."

I think of the last time I was on a carousel-- it was my tenth birthday, and Mom and Peter rented out a small park for the day. My whole grade was invited, a large group of boys all on the verge of double digits, finishing up our last year as elementary schoolers.

The problem was, I was just as reserved at ten as I am now. I wasn't friends with anyone, and I knew-- without really caring-- that they'd all shown up for the party rather than for me. Mom was busy with Charlie, who was about to turn one, and Peter was occupied with making sure the party ran smoothly.

I spent almost all day on the merry go round by myself, watching the same trees pass over and over, listening to snippets of passing conversations and laughter buried underneath the music. I went around and around while my brain tried to deal with the knowledge that I was one year older.

When I finally got off, it still felt like everything around me was spinning. I got sick, ate cake, and went home, wondering if the world would spin forever. I guess in a way, it never did stop-- it still feels like everything moves around me in a blur that I can't quite understand.



I pay the operator once we get to the front of the line, Kat silently thanking me with a smile that's well worth the three dollars. We head up to the ride and climb onto three fanciful brown horses. Charlie sits between me and Kat, a smile on his face as the music surrounds us.

When the ride starts the feeling brings me back to the party again, and I find myself wondering what ten-year-old Oliver would think of eighteen-year-old Oliver. Looking back on the past eight years makes me dizzy, a never-ending cycle of trying to figure out how so much nothingness made me go so crazy. It almost feels like I haven't changed at all-- like this could be the same carousel on the same day, because I'm just as clueless and inexperienced as I was back then.

I feel sick, but I'm not sure it's from the ride.

My eyes meet Charlie's bright blue ones and I force a smile, wondering if he can pick up on when my happiness is artificial. If Charlie was faking, would I know? The thought tugs at the heavy knot in my stomach. As it lurches, I swear I can taste birthday cake.

Charlie looks away, and I watch him watch everything-- the people, the colorful ride, the glimpses of the park as we pass by the openings. I think about the spinning feeling, and how I hope more than anything that when Charlie gets off, for him, the world is still again.





»»——⍟——««



»»——⍟——««





"So," Kat starts to speak as we continue our walk through the park, but pauses to eat another spoonful of cherry ice cream from the small cup in her hands. Charlie's holding a cone of chocolate, and I've got my own cup of vanilla, all picked up from the overpriced vendor next to the carousel. "When you were on the phone with your mom, you said something about her hiring someone to talk to you. I'm guessing that means you have a therapist?"

"Doctor Schneiderman," Charlie answers for me, the hint of a smile on his chocolate-covered lips. "He's funny."

"Funny?"

"He's not funny," I argue.

"He looks funny," Charlie corrects himself. "Not in a mean way. It's kind of cool."

looks "You take one look at this guy and you'd think you're living in the seventies," I explain to Kat. "I mean, really. He's got everything-- big glasses, tacky clothes, a mustache that takes up eighty percent of his face. I don't know where my mom found the guy."

"Well, disregarding his fashion choices, how is he?"

I shrug. "Fine, I guess."

"I like him," Charlie says, looking up at Kat from his place between us. "He's nice. And he asks good questions."

"He's your therapist too?"

"Not really. Mom just wanted me to talk to him."

"Anyway," I say, wanting to direct the conversation away from the reminder that what I did could've fucked with Charlie's head pretty badly, "Yes, I have a therapist. What about it?"

"I've just always wondered what it's like," she admits, eyes briefly distracted by a passing dog walker with four comically different looking dogs, all of which are practically dragging her through the park. "Having someone to talk to about all the stuff going on in your life."

"It's not that great. Not like having a friend or anything." As soon as I say the words, I realize I'm not really sure I have enough experience with friendship to know if that's true or not. "I mean, at least for me, I'm always worried about saying the wrong thing. I know he's analyzing everything, trying to make sense of me, make sure I'm sane and all that. It's too nerve-wracking to really talk freely."

"I guess that makes sense. Must make his job a lot harder, though."

I let out a short laugh. For someone who likes to remind me of how young I am, Kat has a certain naivety about her that almost makes me feel like I'm the older one. "Which he's probably grateful for. The longer it takes him to fix me, the longer my mother keeps paying him."

She squints at me, tilting her head slightly. "You know, there are more lucrative jobs than being a therapist."

I scrape my cup for the remaining ice cream, which is mostly a soupy liquid thanks to the rising temperature. "...Meaning?"

"Have you considered that the money might not be his primary concern?" she asks, sounding genuinely curious rather than condescending. "That maybe he became a therapist to help people, and is more worried about you than what his next paycheck will look like?"

you "I guess it's possible. Unlikely, but possible."

"I just think maybe you're selling him short." She takes another spoonful of pink ice cream, pondering the thought for a second. "I mean, it's not helping anyone if you don't give him a chance."

I know she's got a point-- it's one I've argued with myself over. Maybe for all I know, Dr. Schneiderman is the answer to all my problems. Maybe if I opened up to him, he really would fix me. But the chance of that happening doesn't stop the fear that maybe, even if I tried my hardest to get better, it wouldn't help at all.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





eighteen




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. By the time we get back to the hotel, my legs are aching from walking so much. I don't want to be a buzzkill, but I'm fully prepared to pass the time until Isaac's shift by doing nothing more than sitting down. Even Charlie seems a little worn out after spending the last two hours exploring every exhibit the American Museum of Natural History has to offer.

I have to admit, the museum was a nice distraction for a while. But after checking in, taking our key cards, and getting into the elevator, I'd be lying if I said all the paranoia didn't come rushing back. As the hours pass by, I'm closer and closer to meeting Isaac, which is equal parts exciting and terrifying.

The dozens of missed calls and ignored texts from Mom don't help me feel any calmer, and swiping them away doesn't put them out of my mind. And if I think this is a lot to handle, how am I ever gonna deal with what's waiting for me when I get home? The thought of impending doom only makes me more tired, reminding me how I've been awake for over twenty-four hours.

this We finally get to our stop on the fifty-fifth floor, the elevator doors opening to reveal a beige hallway. We walk to the door to our suite and I insert my card into the reader before turning the handle. The door opens and I'm faced with what's unarguably the largest, fanciest hotel room I've ever seen.

The three of us step inside, eyes scouring everything. Light seeps in from the floor to ceiling windows that surround the large living area and provide a panoramic view of the city. The expensive-looking room is drenched in the afternoon sun, highlighting the matching furniture set and high-end decor.

"Jeeeesus..." Kat draws out, walking further into the room. Her wide eyes look around as she lets her backpack fall from her shoulder and onto the plush carpet.

"It's nice," I agree with a nod, enjoying it more since I know it's being paid for by Peter and Mom. I peek into the door to our left and discover it's a small bathroom as Charlie heads to the couch and plops onto the cushions.

"Nice?" she questions, letting out a laugh of disbelief. "This is insane. " There's a smile growing on her face as she continues to look around, seeming amazed by everything from the TV to the chandelier over the dining room table.

insane. She seemed tired before too, but it's like she's gotten a second wind, practically jogging down the hall and towards one of the bedrooms. "Oh my God!" Her voice travels out of the open door and Charlie laughs, walking over to me.

We stand together, watching the room she's disappeared into as more exclaims of appreciation emit from inside.

"I think she likes it," Charlie whispers, smiling up at me. "This looks good for you."

I roll my eyes, smiling in spite of the action. "You're the one who brought the credit card."

He shrugs. "You're the one who picked the room."

Kat reappears in the doorway, reminding me there's a chance she could overhear and that I'd better shut up if I don't want to embarrass myself. "You could live in that bathroom. Hell, you could live in the tub, " she gushes, walking over to one of the windows. "And I mean come on with this view !"

live tub, come on view

Her reaction is endearing to say the least, but it also reminds me how different we are-- or at least how different the places we come from are. For me, the room is nicer than usual. For Kat, it's like she's never seen anything like it, most likely because she hasn't.

come from "We've still got nine hours to kill," I remind the two of them. On one hand, I want the time to pass quickly so I can rip off the band-aid of meeting Isaac. On the other, I'd be happy to be stuck in the next nine hours forever, just so I'd never have to say goodbye to Kat.

"Well, I don't know about the two of you, but I could use a shower," she says, walking back over to her backpack and taking it towards the room she went in earlier. "And since the Hilton is responsible for the water bill, I might just spend all nine in there."

The door closes and I force my mind not to think of what's happening on the other side, instead turning my attention to Charlie.

"You wanna watch a movie or something? Order room service? Or..." I let myself fall onto the couch, too tired to stand and brainstorm at the same time. "They might have a deck of cards in the gift shop."

Charlie sits in the recliner across from me, and a few seconds pass where I wrongly assume he's considering the options. "Have you gotten her phone number yet?"

I let out a sigh, feeling both ignored and suffocated. "No. Have you?"

He gives me a look that tells me he's done with my jokes. "I'm serious, Oliver."

"Well, no, I seriously haven't." I shrug, pretending like I don't wish the answer was different. He gives me another disappointed look and I look back, waiting for him to say something. "What, you want me to go knock on the door right now and ask her?"

seriously "I just don't think you're trying hard enough."

"I don't get why this is such a big deal to you."

"Because you like her."

"I--" I hesitate, eyes trailing towards the closed door and wondering how thick it is. The sound of the shower turning on soothes my paranoia, letting me talk freely. "Yes. I like Kat. I think she's... she's cool, and beautiful, and one of the few people I've met who I actually enjoy being around. What I don't get-- and I mean this in the nicest way possible-- is what any of that has to do with you."

"Because," he repeats, rolling his eyes, "you like her!"

like "So what?"

"So I want her to stay!" his voice raises. The reasoning is so selfless that I don't know how to respond. He must take my stunned silence as me still not getting it, because he continues. "You haven't been happy. If Kat can make you happy, then I want her to stay, and you have to try harder or else she isn't going to."

"Charlie..." Again, I don't know what to say. There's an ache in my chest as I realize what type of burden I've placed on my brother, who at his age shouldn't even know unhappiness like mine exists.

He's pouting, and I can tell by the familiar scrunch of his nose that he's trying not to cry. I've seen the expression many times before, but never with me as the cause. "I don't want you to get bad again if she leaves."

The backs of my eyes sting at the words, throat tightening. Maybe Charlie can stop himself from crying, but as his words replay in my head again and again, carrying the weight I've put on his shoulders, I can't.

I push myself from the couch, knees hitting the carpet in front of the recliner as I grab him in a hug that's probably tighter than I mean for it to be. There's a flash of a thought, one that realizes I can't remember the last time I hugged anybody, and it only makes me feel heavier. Tears leak from my eyes and fall onto Charlie's shoulder, but he's hugging me back just as fiercely and I know he doesn't care.

"I'm so sorry, Charlie. I'm so, so sorry." My voice sounds unfamiliar, thick and uneven. The apology seems like nothing compared to what I've done and how I must have made him feel, like I could repeat it for years and it wouldn't be enough.

I pull away from the hug and hold him by the shoulders, meeting his wet eyes. " You make me happy, Charlie. I love you, and if there's one person on this Earth who makes me feel like staying, it's you-- because believe me, you do . I don't want you to ever think otherwise, okay?"

You do He nods, wiping his damp face.

"But it's not your responsibility to make me happy, or Kat's, or anyone else's but mine, okay?" I insist, needing him to understand.

"Okay." He nods again and grabs me into another hug, which I think I need more than him. Maybe it's my responsibility to make myself happy, but maybe it's okay if Charlie's the reason I take that responsibility seriously.

I "You still..." He sniffles, pulling away, and I feel relieved to see him smiling a little. "You still better try with Kat though, okay? Because she is cool. And you like her."



like

"Yeah, okay." I laugh, using a sleeve to dry my face as I wonder if Charlie has any idea how amazing he is. "You have my word."





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





as always, I hope you enjoyed this chapter!

as always, I hope you enjoyed this chapter!





nineteen




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Charlie and I have collected ourselves by the time Kat comes out of the room, now donned in a t-shirt from the museum and a loose, slightly wrinkled pair of jeans.

I watch as she pats her hair dry with the white towel draped around her shoulders, her eyes trained on the TV. Charlie's got some sitcom on, and Kat cracks a smile as the laugh track plays after a joke I don't register.

"Thanks again for the shirt," Kat says, walking over and sitting on the chaise of the couch, a seat over from me.

"Don't thank me," I shrug a shoulder, finding more entertainment in watching her than anything on the TV. "Thank my mom. Her money."

"Yeah, well." She leans back, supporting herself with her arms. Her eyes close as she rolls her neck in a half-circle, nose scrunching as she works out the kinks. "Are we doing anything else, or staying here till twelve?"

I'm too distracted to think of an answer. She isn't even looking at me and yet I'm worried she can tell she's driving me insane in the most enjoyable way possible. I find it hard to believe she can have this much of an effect on me and not even be aware of it. Does she know she's made my blood run hot just by sitting on the same piece of furniture as me? I hate the fact that I can't imagine having this effect on her even intentionally, let alone by something so innocent.

intentionally, Seconds of silence are ticking away. I shoot Charlie a glance to see if it'll prompt him to answer, but he's smirking at me, then grinning, clearly aware of why my brain isn't working. My face heats up from being caught in the act of shameless admiration.

"I- I don't know," I finally manage, looking away from Charlie's gloating face. "Maybe we could get something to eat."

"Ooo!" Kat perks up, eyes opening. "We could get room service."

I don't hesitate to agree, room service sounding like the perfect option to suit how exhausted I am. I thought I was tired before, but the crying only made me feel even groggier. Charlie doesn't seem to mind either, thoroughly entertained by his show.

The three of us order after I remind them that nothing on the menu is too expensive thanks to Charlie's smart thinking, and the food comes shortly after, filling the room with the smell of a high end, overpriced dinner.

We eat, making light conversation about the day. Charlie's already reminiscing on his favorite parts, going over his favorite exhibits at the museum and how glad he is to have taken so many pictures of the city. There's a weight on my heart as I realize that at some point, today has to end. Why is it that the only time I realize I was having a good time is after it's already gone?

I'm angry with myself for letting what should've been a Ferris Bueller-esque adventure be tainted by my usual melancholy. Then I get more upset, knowing I'm wasting more of the day by lamenting the hours I already wasted. I force myself to stop thinking and try to just enjoy the moment while I still have the chance.



After eating, Charlie heads off to take a shower, discreetly making wide eyes at me and nodding his head in Kat's direction before leaving the two of us alone.

She's sitting on the couch with her legs across the seats, leaving room for me on the chaise, where I'm half-lying on my side, facing her. Facing her, but not looking at her. My eyes are nervously darting between the cushions, the TV, and the door that Charlie closed behind him.

Facing looking "Nervous?" Kat asks, raising my blood pressure in an instant. Is it that easy to tell?

A second passes, my face getting hot before my brain manages to realize she's probably referring to the impending meeting with my father. "Oh-- yeah."

I am nervous about that too, just not in the same way. It's hard to tell which set of nerves is more intense when they keep overlapping, freaking me out in different ways. It's a miracle I've managed to keep any food down today with the way my stomach keeps flipping inside out.

am "I could give you advice or something, but it probably wouldn't make a difference. Nervousness doesn't really listen to reason-- at least not mine."

I shake my head, knowing what she means. "It'll go away when it's over. Until then, I just have to deal." I'm not even sure if that's true, but it's what I keep telling myself. After it's over, after I meet Isaac, there's still the aftermath. I'll have to go home and face all the unknown consequences of my actions, which are undoubtedly just as scary.

What I need are more distractions, like all the sightseeing we did earlier. That stuff helped pass time without me even realizing. I need to think of a different conversation topic, one that doesn't focus on what's happening later. I only have so long with Kat, and I'd like to spend as much of that time as possible learning about her.

Before I can think of anything to say, something catches my eye-- a thin, jagged line on the bottom of her foot, whiter than the rest of her skin. It's not just jagged, but completely sporadic, jutting out at a random angle like one point of an unfinished star. "That's got to be the weirdest scar I've ever seen."

"What?" She follows my gaze, then laughs. "Oh, right-- I always forget about that."

"What's it from?" I ask, watching as she bends her leg, refamiliarizing herself with the healed injury.

"I stepped on a piece of glass when I was a kid. My parents didn't want to pay for an unnecessary medical bill, so my stepdad took it out. That's why it looks like... that." She grimaces playfully. We share smiles, but hers fades, a serious expression taking over. "Can I..." She trails off and bites her lip. Seconds pass and I'm forced to wonder what she stopped herself from asking.

"Can you...?" I finally prompt, too curious to let it go.

She sits up and her eyes communicate what she won't say. Her gaze falls on my right arm, which is hiding in the hoodie I guess I no longer need to be wearing. I know where her mind has gone-- I brought up her scar, accidentally reminding her that mine exist.

"You can ask. If you want to, I mean." I fumble around the words, not used to being the one to start this conversation. I've at least had a lot of practice with it, thanks to all the doctors and therapists, but I also know that was a lot different than this. This is Kat. Kat, whose opinion I care about, and who I don't want thinking I'm a total freak.

I take a deep breath-- she isn't like that, and I know it. After everything that's been said between us, I should know by now that Kat seems to understand my brain better than anyone else I've talked to, even if she doesn't realize it.

She nods, a reassurance that helps put me at ease. At least I didn't misunderstand. "I guess I'm just... curious."

"There isn't much of a story. I just got to a point where... it seemed like the best option." I know there's a lot more too it than that, and I'm sure she does, too. But it's still the truth, as watered-down and simplified as it is. "It didn't work." I shrug, gesturing to myself with a half-smile. "Obviously."

She returns the smile, but sadly. "Thankfully."

"I wasn't," I admit. When I first woke up, I felt cheated. Hopeless, because even the one solution I thought I could count on didn't work. "I was mad for a day or two. Then for a while, I didn't care. I was indifferent. Kind of... numb, I guess. Now..." I think of Charlie, hating myself for not letting him sway my initial decision. "Now, I am thankful. If not for my own sake, then for Charlie's."

"Does he know?"

I nod. "Peter told him. I don't know the details of how that went-- I was still in the hospital. But I do know Mom wasn't happy. Charlie's smart, though, and he would've figured it out anyway. I can't wear long sleeves for the rest of my life."

"You two seem really close."

I shrug, but feel my chest warm the insinuation. Twenty-four hours ago, I'm not sure if the word close would've applied, even if I thought it did. I loved Charlie-- he was the one person in my life I liked, and that I felt like I could talk to without him judging me. The only thing was, I didn't. Until yesterday, I didn't open up to Charlie any further than complaining about school or bitching about Mom.

"This trip has bonded us, I think. I mean, I've always tried to be a good older brother, but... I guess you could say all this goes a lot deeper than helping him with homework or playing video games together. We've never done anything like this before."

She smiles. "I don't think most people have."





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. seriously, I know the banner says it, but THANK YOU for reading!

your support means the world <3

seriously, I know the banner says it, but THANK YOU for reading!

your support means the world <3





twenty




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I try just about everything to pass the time. I take a nap, which is not so much a nap as it is me continuing to freak out, just with my eyes closed. In total, I probably get about five minutes of anything even close to resembling sleep. I shower, and for the first time in my life actually rinse and repeat, drawing out everything to take as long as possible.

The three of us watch a movie, some goofy rom-com that Charlie stops on, most likely just to torment me about the Kat situation. We order dessert from room service, which is so good that it's actually the first thing that manages to take my mind off my upcoming meeting. And finally, finally, after hours of Kat and Charlie having to listen to me worry and watch me pace the room a hundred times, the clock hits twelve.

finally, "Okay," I breathe, standing quietly so I don't wake up Charlie, who's fast asleep on the couch. Kat follows me to the door and I pause to put my shoes on. I'm moving deliberately slow as I tie the laces, my hands shaking. I waited hours to get to this point, and now that it's here, I can't help wishing I had a few more to think it over.

"Don't worry so much." Kat watches me as I fidget and tug at my sleeves. The jacket stays on; I decided that before we even got here. There's only so many bombshells I should drop on a guy in one night.

"I know, I just... There's so much to worry about." I shake my head, running a hand through my hair. Shit, now I probably messed that up, and I need to fix it before I go downstairs. Should I wear something nicer? I didn't even pack anything nice. "I'm showing up in the middle of the night and turning this guy's life upside down. Also, I mean, what if he turns out to be an asshole? What if he thinks I'm an asshole? What if he doesn't believe me, or what if I find out something even worse? Like, what if--"

much I'm "Oliver," Kat interrupts, placing her hands on my shoulders so I'm forced to stop moving and focus on her. Our voices are still hushed, bodies standing close in the narrow doorway. For a second, I'm distracted as I realize the intimacy of the situation. " Don't worry so much. We've been over this-- whatever happens, happens."

Don't worry so much. I nod, take a deep breath, and try not to feel disappointed when she removes her hands.

"You keep asking 'what if,' but don't you think you'll be asking yourself that for the rest of your life if you don't go down there?" She lowers her voice just slightly, impersonating me in a way that's too endearing to be offensive. " What if I had talked to Isaac? What if I met my dad and he wasn't an asshole?"

What if I talked to Isaac? What if I met my dad and he an asshole?" I can't stop myself from smiling, as much as I want to sulk. "Alright, alright. I get your point."

"I hope so. It's a good point."

"And you'll watch Charlie for me?"

She rolls her eyes, smirking. "No, I'm gonna leave the door wide open after you leave and take a nap in my room. If you're lucky, no one will kidnap him before you get back. Yes, I'll watch Charlie. He's sleeping, so I don't think I have too much on my plate."

Yes, I purse my lips. "Except his sleepwalking and night terrors."

"You're joking," she says, but her head tilts when I don't reply. "You're joking...?"

"Did I mention bedwetting?"

She laughs, shaking her head. "Okay, now I know you're joking. And stalling. " She opens the door, gesturing for me to leave. "Charlie's been a saint all day, I'm sure I can handle him. If we need you, then..." She holds up a finger, walking to the small entryway table, where a Hilton pad of sticky notes and a pen are set up.

know stalling. She writes for a second before peeling off the note and handing it to me. Ten digits stare back at me in all their blue-inked glory. "Send me a text while you're in the elevator so I'll have your number."

"Got it." I nod, trying to play it cool. So it's the first time I've gotten a girls number, so it's Kat's number, no big deal. She's only giving it to me for Charlie's sake. Even so, according to the giddy feeling that's taken over my body, it's a very big deal.

"Now go," she insists, lightly pushing my shoulder to guide me into the hall. "You came all this way for a reason."

"Right," I agree, trying to convince myself. "I'll be back in a bit."

"You got this," she encourages me one last time before raising a hand in goodbye and shutting the door. I repeat the words in my head as I walk to the elevator, get inside, and push the button for the main floor.

You got this. You got this. You got this.

You got this. You got this. You got this. As much as I want to believe Kat, I'm almost certain I do not have this. I take out my phone and put in her number, sending her a text to be on the lookout for Charlie's "totally real" sleep paralysis episodes.

do not The doors open, revealing a lobby that looks much different at night. Apart from the young-looking guy who's propping himself up behind the front desk, I'm alone. The city behind the glass doors is still very much awake, cars passing just as slowly as they had in the morning traffic, buildings aglow with lights from inside. Again, I'm reminded that in the grand scheme of things, I'm just one of many. I wish it made what I'm about to do seem any less important, or feel any less daunting.

I turn left and pass the empty fitness room, walking until I'm face to face with another set of glass doors. The indoor pool is still and empty, white lounge chairs stacked against the wall of windows. Manhattan greets me again, but I barely notice it, distracted by the man at the other end of the pool. His back is to me as he mops the brown tile, and I can't make him out at all-- a baseball cap covers his hair, while a navy blue janitor jumpsuit covers just about everything else.

This is it. No turning back now.

I reach for the handle and pull-- then push-- but it doesn't work. Of course it's locked. It wouldn't be my life if there wasn't yet another roadblock.

I let out a breath, trying to ignore the pounding of my heart as I ready myself a second time, raise my hand, and knock three times against the glass.

At first, I think he doesn't hear. Then, before I have any more time to prepare myself, he turns and meets my eyes.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





twenty one




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. The janitor lets the mop fall and starts to head over, plucking his earbuds from his ears and tucking them into his collar. I let out a sigh, and notice that my breath isn't shaking the way it was just seconds ago. My nerves have already disappeared-- this is, I can say with almost a hundred percent certainty, not Isaac. Unless I'm some sort of insane genetic abnormality, then I don't think the black guy walking over could possibly be my father.

I shove my hands in my pockets and try not to mope as he unlocks the door. Be optimistic, I tell myself. Maybe they swapped shifts. Maybe my dad called in sick, maybe he's in the bathroom, or on a break.

Be optimistic, I roll my eyes, too cynical to stand my own delusions. If I'm fooling myself, then hell, maybe I am some sort of insane genetic abnormality. It seems just as likely.

am My spiral of negative thinking is interrupted when the man pulls the door open, letting the smell of chlorine and bleach seep out into the hall. He looks at me expectantly, speaking before I can think of what to say. "You need something?"

"Uh, yeah, sorry." I have to crane my neck just to look him in the eyes-- if the skin color wasn't such a dead giveaway, the obviously un-inherited height would've been hint enough. "I'm looking for Isaac?"

He raises a shoulder. "You found him."

My stomach sinks as I'm forced to accept the obvious truth I'd been dancing around. "You're Isaac?"

He nods, looking more amused than annoyed. "Yeah. They need me for a spill or something?"

I shake my head, trying to gather my thoughts. "No, no. Uh-- Sorry, I'm looking for a guy named Isaac Ausman."

He makes a face that tells me what I need to know before I can even ask if there's another Isaac who works here. "Sorry kid, Ausman quit. Been gone for... I'd say about five months now."

Five months. If my birthday was in December, I would've caught him. In the big picture of time, we've just barely missed each other. In the smaller picture of my life, I've driven for eight hours, endangered Charlie, pissed off my mom beyond what I knew possible, and exposed myself to a lifetime's worth of anxiety all to meet a guy who isn't even here. I don't know which viewpoint makes me angrier.

"Oh," I manage. I have to convince myself it isn't over yet. Sure, it's a big city, but how far could he have gotten? "Do you know anything about where he is now?"

"I barely knew the guy. I think Lester was the one guy here he really talked to-- he should be at the front desk tomorrow morning. Usually clocks in when I'm clocking out around six."

I thank him and apologize again before heading back to the elevator in a daze. Just like earlier, I feel stupid for ever thinking this would work out. My body slumps against the wall as the doors close, leaving me alone with my thoughts as it travels back to the fifty-fifth floor.



This isn't how I envisioned the night going. It seems worse than all the things I'd been fearing, like I'm right back to square one. The one thing I thought I knew about Isaac turned out to not be true anymore. Now I don't have any hope apart from Lester, another guy I've never met and know nothing about.

I enter quietly once I'm back at the room, not wanting to wake Charlie. As I walk into the living area Kat looks away from the TV, eyeing me from her spot on the couch. Charlie's still splayed out next to her on the chaise, fast asleep.

"Hey, what happened?" She reaches for the remote and turns off the screen.

"I'll explain in a minute," I mumble, heading over to Charlie and picking him up. I carry him into the bedroom and tuck him in, glad he changed into his pajamas earlier so I don't have to wake him. Part of me wants to, because I know it'd be a lot less painless to tell him and Kat what happened at the same time instead of having to do it twice. But he looks too peaceful and completely undisturbed by the trip to bed, so I decide I'll just suck it up and go over it again in the morning. Maybe by then, I'll have some idea of what to do.

I head back to the main room, shutting the door behind me. Kat is sitting cross-legged on the couch, curious eyes following me as I plop down on the recliner across from her.

I sigh, shaking my head. "It wasn't him. Different Isaac."

"Oh." It's the first time I've heard Kat sound so lost for words.

"That's pretty much the same reaction I had."

"So what now?" she asks, fidgeting with the frayed hem of her jeans.

"The guy said my dad talked to a guy who works here named Lester. Said he's supposed to be at the front desk tomorrow, but... I don't know." I shrug, feeling like it'll turn out to be another road to nowhere.

Kat's face lights up at my words, though. "Well, okay, perfect! That's great, we'll find him tomorrow then."

I look at her doubtfully, and she stares back with an expression that says she doesn't understand why I'm still moping.

"I just... even if we do talk to the guy, who knows? He could be like Monica and not tell us anything, or worse, he might not even know anything. It was probably just some kind of work friendship-- the chances of Lester knowing where my dad is now are close to nothing."

know " Close to nothing isn't nothing," Kat replies. "Oliver, I get why you're upset, but you knew going into this thing that it wouldn't be easy. Even knowing everything you'd have to deal with, you still came all this way-- it'd be crazy to stop now just because things have gotten a little tougher than you expected."

Close I know she's right, so why is it so impossible for me to be as optimistic as she is?

"We'll find Lester tomorrow and figure things out from there." She stands from the couch. "You should get some sleep, you've had a long day."

The words help me realize that underneath the adrenaline and anticipation I've been carrying all day, I really am exhausted. Too exhausted to do anything but agree, giving up my dismal argument. "Yeah, okay."

"I'll see you in the morning," she says, walking past me towards her room. "Just wake me up whenever you're ready to look for Lester."

I sit by myself for a minute longer, mulling over the situation one last time before heeding her advice. I get ready for bed, change into the pajamas I packed, set my alarm, and get under the covers next to Charlie. Sleep comes almost instantly.



»»——⍟——««





»»——⍟——««





I'm not sure what I expected Lester to look like, but this definitely wasn't it. He's a lanky, pimple-faced guy who can't be much older than me or Kat. But as the three of us approach the front desk, the name tag on his lapel confirms that he is Lester. I can't help wondering why out of everyone in the hotel, Lester is-- as Isaac said-- the one guy here my dad "really talked" to.

is one Kat and Charlie wait a few steps away while I walk up to the counter. "Lester?"

"Uh-- Yes?" He stutters, obviously not used to customers addressing him by his first name. "How can I help you?"

I cross my fingers, hoping he won't be as strict of an employee as Monica. "I heard you might know where I can find Isaac Ausman?"

His eyes widen, mouth falling open slightly, but he wipes away the shocked expression before I can question it. "Uh, no-- I-- Sorry. That name doesn't sound familiar."

I'm almost certain he's lying-- the surprise, the stuttering, the way his eyes are settling on everything but me. A nervous blush has already made its way up his neck and across his cheeks. The reaction is confusing, to say the least. Maybe he's just nervous to break company policy by telling us anything.

"Isaac Ausman? Used to work as a janitor here, just left earlier this year?" I press. If he knows something, I'm determined to get it out of him.

"Sorry." He shakes his head. "I don't know him."

"Are you sure?" I continue, not understanding. It doesn't make any sense after what I was told, and why would either of them lie? "The janitor last night told me you used to talk to Isaac."

"Look-- I haven't seen him in months, okay?" His voice shifts into a hushed, almost-whisper. "I don't even know if he's still... y'know." He glances at his coworker, who's helping another guest a few feet away.

I raise my eyebrows, urging him to continue. Still what?

Still what? "I don't know anything," he backtracks, shaking his head. "Seriously, I haven't seen him since he quit."

"You don't have any idea of where he might be?" I can't keep the disappointment out of my voice.

Lester sighs, pity crossing his face. "If you're really desperate, go down to Jingle's. He went there all the time after work-- maybe someone there can help you."

I look back at Kat, who's obviously listening-- her expression looks just as confused as I feel. She shrugs and I turn to face Lester, who's scribbling something onto a sticky note. He finishes and slides it across the counter to me, eyeing the lobby and shifting his weight from side to side.

"There's the address. As far as I know, they should be open." He leans over the counter slightly, staring straight into my eyes. "But if anyone asks, you did not get that info from me. This conversation never happened. Got it?"

not "I... okay?" Even if Lester could manage to be threatening-- which I'm witnessing first hand that he can't-- I'm too confused to feel worried.

"Is there anything else I can help you with today?" he asks, voice returning to a normal volume, coated with the sound of customer service. That's the end of that conversation, I guess.

"Uh, no. Thanks for your help." I give him a nod before heading back to Kat and Charlie. I lead them out of anyone's earshot, the three of us loitering near an empty seating area.

"That was... interesting." Kat leans against the arm of one of the navy couches. "Maybe my eavesdropping is a little rusty, but seemed like Les wasn't too eager to talk about your father."

"Yeah, you could say that." I look down at the sticky note in my hand and go over the conversation again in my head. "And it sure seemed like it was about a lot more than just following company rules."

"So what now?" Charlie asks, looking between me and Kat.

"I don't know." I let out a breath, stomach churning with anxiety again. "I came here looking for answers and ended up finding a million more questions."

Kat shrugs, plucking the address from my fingers. The half-smile on her face is almost enough to comfort me. "Guess that means we just have to keep looking."





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





twenty two


this chapter is dedicated to paranatellon ! thank you so so much for reading and all your wonderful comments :')

this chapter is dedicated to paranatellon ! thank you so so much for reading and all your wonderful comments :') paranatellon

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Jingle's isn't the most inviting building, but I guess any bar open before eight AM is bound to be shady looking. Its plain, red brick exterior has a single window, which is decorated inside with neon signs advertising different beers. The green awning over our heads is dingy and worn out, matching the dirty concrete of the entrance.

I try to ignore the gut feeling I'm having, which is telling me it's about time to give up and go home. Instead, I reach for the rusty door handle, reminding myself why I'm here. For all I know, my father could be on the other side of the door right now.

"Uh," Kat interrupts, placing a hand on my sleeve, "Hello?" She gestures to Charlie.

I shrug and feign ignorance, even though I get what she means. "What?"

She tilts her head, widening her eyes. "You can't seriously be about to bring an eight-year-old into a dive bar."

"I'm almost nine," he offers.

I glance through the window, scoping the place out. As I imagined, it's almost completely empty inside. "There's only like, three people in there."

"You sure you don't want us to wait out here?" she asks, glancing at Charlie, who seems indifferent.

Logically, I should say yes. But if I'm being honest, I'm too uneasy to go in there by myself. Plus, I promised myself that I wouldn't let Charlie out of my sight again.

"He's... mature for his age. It'll be fine," I defend my choice, turning to Charlie. "Unless you plan to start chugging someone's beer, I think it's okay."

He giggles. "No!"

I raise a shoulder and look at Kat, as if asking how she could argue. She shakes her head, a smile on her lips as I open the door. The three of us head inside, the few patrons glancing briefly at us before returning their attention to their beers. There are two younger guys sitting at the bar together and one burly older guy at a table towards the back. Behind the counter is a middle-aged blonde woman, whose eyes don't leave us.

don't I approach the counter, trying not to look as jittery as I feel. Lester's suspicious attitude left me with a lot of questions and even more nerves.

"Can I help you?" she greets, her voice filled with a rasp and a heavy Brooklyn accent.

"Um, yeah. I was hoping you might know where I can find Isaac Ausman?"

Her eyebrows furrow as she looks me over, then Charlie and Kat. "Who's asking?"

"I'm Oliver." I almost reach for a handshake, but her hands are busy wiping down the counter with a dirty looking rag. "I'm his son."

"Isaac never mentioned he had a son."



"He, uh... he sort of doesn't know." My fingers tap the counter as I wait for her response.

She lets out a short laugh through her nose. "Yeah, sounds like Isaac, alright."

My eyebrows raise, surprised by the unflattering character trait that's just been revealed to me. Then again, I guess I shouldn't be surprised, knowing what he did with Mom-- the fiance of his own brother. I feel my stomach turn again. I've been so busy blaming Mom, it seems like I'm just now realizing that Isaac was involved in the irresponsible act, too. For the first time, I'm angry at him.

shouldn't fiance "Good guy, though," she assures me. "But he's not in New York anymore."

I can feel every trace of leftover optimism leave my body. "He isn't?"

She shakes her head. "He disappeared months ago-- I thought something bad happened, 'til I got a letter from him. He actually sent me the money he owed on his tab, you believe that? Like I said, good guy."

"Do you know where he is now?"

"Well, it's been... almost three months since I got the letter, and he sent it from Minnesota."

"Minnesota?" I repeat dumbly, hoping to God I misheard.

"I probably still have it in my office-- I never throw anything away. Hold on a sec, I'll grab it for you." She leaves the rag, walking out from behind the bar and over to a plain door near the back, shutting it behind her.

I use the counter to support myself, scared that without it I might collapse under the weight of the information. Isaac lives halfway across the country, and I came all this way for nothing.

"Oliver?" Kat places a hand on my shoulder, but the bartender is heading back over before she can say anything more. I try not to notice when she retracts her hand, focusing instead on the envelope being handed to me.

"The letter ain't much of anything, just a note explaining what the money's for. But there's the address." She points to the bold handwriting in the top left corner. "You can keep it."

"I..." I'm still dazed, head spinning. "Thank you," I manage. "I guess we should get going."

The three of us step outside, followed by a heavy silence. I hesitate in front of the door, staring at the envelope. It feels like the paper in my hands is the closest I'll ever get to meeting Isaac.

Maybe the letter doesn't say much, but hopefully it'll give me something, anything about him. I untuck the flap of the envelope, taking out the folded paper.

anything The door behind us opens and before I can step further out of the way, something bumps into my back. I stumble forward and as I try to catch my balance the letter falls from my hand, landing on the pavement.

"Hey!" Kat's voice is offended as she comes to my defense, reaching out to help me steady myself. Before I can apologize or turn around, the two men are already sidestepping around me. I recognize them as the two guys who'd been sitting at the bar.

The shorter one bends down and snatches up the letter, and before I can protest or tell them it's mine, they're running away.

"Hey!" I call after them, not knowing what I expect. They keep running, which part of me has to be thankful for, given that each of them is twice my size. I turn back to Kat and Charlie, who look just as confused as me. "I-- What the hell was that?"

Kat sighs, running a hand through her hair. "They probably misheard what the bartender said and thought the letter had money in it."

I close my eyes in frustration, knowing she's right. "Shit. I didn't even get to fucking read it."

"At least you still have the envelope."

"And what good is that?"

"The address...?"

"The address," I scoff. "Kat, the address is all the way in fucking Minnesota!"

"So what?"

I throw my hands up, my left one still clutching the envelope. "So it's over! He's not here!"

"Yeah, I know, he's in Minnesota. I figured that meant we were going."

I pause, trying to make sure I heard that right. "We?"

She raises a shoulder. "I meant what I said about being invested."

I shake my head, wishing I could see it as optimistically as her. I wish I could tell them to get in the car and just start driving there in the simple way she's making it sound. But it's a lot more complicated than that.

"I can't just... What about my mom, and Peter? What about Charlie?"

He looks up at me, still silent. I hate that I'm acting so uncollected in front of him.

"Call them," Kat says. Her voice is so calm, making me feel even more irrational. "Explain the whole situation, tell them you need to do this. They don't have to understand, even. They just have to accept it."

"Or they just have to call the cops. I took Charlie, I stole--" I hesitate, remembering I haven't told her yet. "Technically, I stole the car. It's my mom's, not mine. God, why didn't I take my own fucking car?"

"Okay, fine. Say you can't get them to accept it, that they do threaten to call the police if you don't come home. All you have to do is bring Charlie and the car back. Then take your car to Minnesota. You're eighteen, what are they gonna do?"

your Charlie frowns slightly at the idea, but says nothing.

I look to Kat. "What about you?"

She shrugs. "That'd be up to you. It's your trip, Oliver."

I let out a heavy breath. I'm cold, I'm angry, and I can hardly think straight after everything that's happened, but I know Kat's right. I wouldn't have come this far if meeting Isaac wasn't so important to me. If I want it to happen, I have to step out of my own way. I have to keep trying.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





twenty three


￼



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. The three of us go back to the hotel, where I head to mine and Charlie's room to make the phone call. After getting Mom's voicemail three times in a row, my phone rings. The word "Dad" stares back at me from the screen, mocking me silently.

It's easy to be mad at Mom since we already didn't get along before all this. With Peter, it's a little more complicated. We never really argue, but I wouldn't describe us as close, either. Things between us have always been sort of lukewarm.

When it comes to being upset with them for not telling me about Isaac, I'm not as angry with Peter since I have a hunch that keeping it a secret was Mom's idea. When it comes to their relationship, he pretty much goes along with whatever she wants, even if it's obvious he doesn't agree. Still, he's just as responsible, and I'm not over it by any means.

If I have any hope of getting permission to continue the trip with Charlie, I'm going to need to be mature and reasonable. Maybe it's for the best that Mom didn't answer-- getting in a shouting match with her wouldn't help my cause.

I take a deep breath. I have to handle this just right unless I want to start the drive home in a few minutes. I click the green phone icon, answering the call. "Hello?"

"Oliver-- is everything alright?" Peter asks, voice teetering on the edge of panic.

I should've known me calling would make them assume something was wrong. "Everything's fine, don't worry, it's nothing like that."

I can hear him sigh in relief.

"I called because... the trip is going to be a little longer. It turns out Isaac isn't in New York anymore. He's in Minnesota." I leave out the part where I'm not entirely sure he's in Minnesota anymore, either.

entirely " Minnesota ?"

Minnesota "I know it's far," I say, trying to sound more rational than I feel, "and I know I did a stupid thing by leaving like that, and taking Charlie and the Firebird, but... I'm just asking you to put yourself in my position."

"Oliver... I think you should come home. Come home, we'll talk, and maybe we can set something up for you to meet Isaac."

It's a nicer response than I was expecting. He's not yelling, which is a good sign. I thought he and Mom would take turns shouting at me through the receiver, so his lack of anger makes it a little easier for me to breathe. Still, his offer isn't good enough.

"I can't accept a maybe. If I come home, it'll just be to drop off Charlie and return the car. I'll leave for Minnesota right after. I understand if you guys don't agree with it, but... I have to meet my father."

He doesn't reply, so I keep rambling, wondering if there's any chance I can convince him this isn't as crazy as it sounds. "I know you probably think I'm doing this as revenge, which I'll be honest, maybe part of it was at first. But I'm a lot less angry now than I was when I left, and it isn't about that anymore. I just want to meet him."



"Revenge... isn't that what the eight hundred dollar hotel suite was for?"

My stomach drops to the floor, face going hot. Despite being in the elegant bedroom, pacing next to the king-sized bed, I had forgotten that one tiny detail on the list of things I've done. "I-- well--"

"Oli, it's okay." His words surprise me as they cut off my stuttering. "I was shocked at first, and angry, but the more I thought about it the more I realized that compared to what we kept from you... well, let's just say your mother and I got off easy, in my opinion."

"And in her opinion?"

her "Maybe this can stay between you and me."

"I... thank you." I don't know what else to say, feeling gratitude towards him larger than I've ever felt before. "I promise, I won't use the card again. I brought some money of my own, it'll be enough for the rest of the trip."

"I haven't agreed yet, Oliver."

I hold in a sigh, sitting at the end of the bed. Thankfully, Kat did some research on the drive back here, which means I can at least sound like I know what I'm doing and hope it convinces him I can handle this. "I've got it all planned out. If we leave before nine, we can be in Ohio by seven. Then tomorrow we drive for eleven hours to get to Minneapolis. The next morning we'll go to meet Isaac."

"And then you'll come home?"

"Then I'll come home," I agree.

He sighs again, longer this time. "What about Charlie?"

"He wants to come. And you know he's a good kid, he's easy to look after." It's mostly the truth-- apart from the one incident, Charlie's been an angel. I don't want to finish the trip without him. "I promise I'll get him back home in the same condition he was when we left."

He just barely laughs, which again, I have to take as a good sign.

"We'll both call every day. We'll text you every hour on the hour."

I'm met with silence for the second time. I cross my fingers, preparing for another denial. The sound of Kat and Charlie laughing drifts to my room from the living area and I cross my fingers harder, hoping beyond hope.

"Oliver," he finally says, my heart skipping a beat, "what about you?"

My eyebrows furrow, body just barely relaxing. "What about me?"

"How... are you?"

Oh, right. That. I sigh, knowing that what I did probably makes my whole argument a lot less convincing. I can't even look after myself, how could they trust me to take care of Charlie?

That. "I'm..." I trail off, thinking it over. How am I? I feel completely different from when I left, and yet exactly the same. Like nothing and everything has changed, both inside and outside of myself.

am Despite the heart-crushing frustration I felt outside of the bar, or the panic when Charlie disappeared, or the lingering, unwanted knowledge that Kat is eventually going to go her own way, I realize that I've felt happier this past day than I have in a year.

For once, I'm proud of myself-- I left; I took the risk. So far, it's paid off. I don't want this to end.

"I'm doing better," I say. The words feel wrong coming out of my mouth, even though it's the truth. "I feel... pretty okay."

"If I..." Peter hesitates, and I can practically hear his contemplation. "If I were to agree, would you promise to take therapy more seriously?"

My eyes widen at the proposition. I almost don't believe what I'm hearing. "I promise. I swear."

"Dr. Schneiderman has told me he's hardly been able to get two words from you."

"I know. But I'll cooperate, I'll open up. I mean it." The promise isn't hard to make, because I'd already been thinking about it after my heart to heart with Charlie. Even though the thought of talking to a complete stranger like that makes me squirm, and I'm still worried it won't work, I'll try.

"Oliver... I hope you understand that Isaac isn't perfect. I don't know what you're expecting, but I'm sure you remember the things I've told you about who he was growing up."

"I remember," I say, thinking of the warning stories. They never sounded that bad to me, just typical teenage rebellion.

"I just don't want you to build him up too highly in your head-- he's made his fair share of mistakes too, just like me and your mother. I wouldn't want you to be disappointed when you meet him, so just try to keep it in mind that he's human too."





"Yeah, okay." I'm so caught off guard by what he says that I almost don't realize what it means. "Wait-- when I meet him? You mean..?"

"You have my permission to go to Minnesota, if you keep your word. I want calls every morning and night, and texts every hour. You can use the card reasonably for necessary expenses . And when you get home, we'll see about your therapy. I'll do what I can to convince your mother this is for the best."

if reasonably . As I fumble over multiple thank you's, grinning wildly, I feel one layer of worry fall from my mind. As far as I can see, the hardest part is over. Maybe Kat's optimism is rubbing off on me-- for once, things don't look so bad.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. gahh this chapter was hard! I didn't want Peter to come off as unrealistic or irresponsible for agreeing to Oliver's plan, so I hope his reasons are clear! 🖤

gahh this chapter was hard! I didn't want Peter to come off as unrealistic or irresponsible for agreeing to Oliver's plan, so I hope his reasons are clear! 🖤





twenty four




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Kat steps out of the McDonald's bathroom, wiping her hands on her jeans as the door closes behind her. We're officially back on the road, already making our way through Philadelphia. I didn't want to waste too much time or money on lunch, so I figured fast food was our best option.

After our bathroom break, we order and get our food. Thankfully, they both agree with my idea of eating in the car. I want to stay true to what I told Peter and at least make it to Ohio by tonight, which means we've still got hours of driving left.

"Alright." I rummage through the brown bag of food once we're all back in the Firebird. "Happy Meal for you," I pass the red box to Charlie, "fries for you," I hand them to Kat as she sips her milkshake, "and a Big Mac for me."

I unwrap the burger, letting myself take a bite before starting the car.

"You know," Kat gestures to the parking lot with a french fry, "I'm almost positive that same truck was at the gas station back in New York."

I look over, taking in the matte, dark purple truck. It's pretty unremarkable apart from the somewhat unusual color, but I guess maybe I have seen it before. "You think?"

She tilts her head, studying the old-looking vehicle. "Yeah, I remember it because I thought the purple was nice."

"Maybe they're stalking us," Charlie jokes, the three of us laughing as we pull out of the lot.

I can't help repeating Charlie's words in my head when twenty minutes later, as we're driving down the highway and waiting for the right exit, I check my rearview. A few cars back is the purple truck.

I don't know why it makes me feel uneasy, or why I'm even surprised. The world is small and full of coincidences, and there's no reason anyone would be following us. Still, I can't stop myself from keeping an eye on the vehicle. I watch as it switches lanes and passes cars until finally, it's behind us.

"Where should I put my trash?" Charlie asks. I barely register his words through the fog of paranoia in my mind.

"I can take it, we've got a bag up here," Kat offers, turning in the passenger's seat to reach for the small box Charlie's passing forward. She takes the box, but stalls. "Oh my God, it's that truck again." She sounds bewildered and a little creeped out, making me feel more rational for my own discomfort.

"I know." I glance in the rearview again, my view slightly blocked by Kat's maroon hair as she looks out the back window. "I didn't want to say anything, but I'm a little weirded out."

"You think they're following us?" Charlie asks.

"Wait... Oliver-- it's--" Kat's hand blindly reaches for my shoulder, voice panicked, "it's the guys!"

I wrack my brain, heart picking up speed despite not knowing what she means. "The guys?"

"The guys! The guys from the bar, the ones who stole your letter!"



Charlie has turned now too, and I see him nod through the mirror. "It's them!"

"I don't--" I shake my head, not understanding. "You think they've been following us this whole time? Even when we went back to the hotel?"

"I don't know," Kat turns back to the front, crossing her arms over her chest. She looks back once more, as if to make sure it's really them. "I don't know! It doesn't make any sense-- why would they be?"

"Maybe they're mad the letter didn't have any money?" Charlie suggests.

The idea sounds absurd, and yet as far as I can tell, it's the only logical explanation. My palms are suddenly sweaty against the leather steering wheel, knuckles turning white from holding on so tightly.

"You're probably right. But why didn't they confront us at the McDonald's?" Kat questions.

I run a hand through my hair, trying to ignore the way it tremors. I can't wrap my head around the situation. "I don't know-- it doesn't make sense, any of it."

"It doesn't matter. Right now, we just need to lose them."

I'm not too sure about the first part, but she's undeniably right that we need to get away from the truck. I press the gas hard, passing the car in the lane to my right and switching over without my blinker. I watch the mirror-- the purple truck speeds up, right turn signal blinking.

I veer into the next lane over without a second thought. The driver behind us lays on their horn, but my heart is beating too fast to care. Right now, a potential fender bender is the last thing on my mind.

"Sorry," I apologize when I notice Kat gripping her seat. I spare a glance over my shoulder to make sure Charlie's okay. His eyes are wide, mouth agape, but if I'm reading his expression right, it almost seems like he's having fun. The truck is still back in the first lane, so I deem my reckless actions worth it.

I merge onto the first exit ramp I see, heading who knows where. I watch the truck disappear behind us, not able to make it over in time. The GPS starts to recalculate as my heart starts to return to a normal pace-- I think we managed to shake them off.

"Jesus," Kat breathes, placing a hand over her heart. Her eyes are closed as she relaxes into the seat.

"That was so cool! " Charlie exclaims, a wide smile on his face.

so cool! Kat laughs breathlessly and I let out a long sigh of relief, even though my head is still reeling.





»»——⍟——««

»»——⍟——«« "Uhg. I'm full," Charlie groans, leaning back in the booth of the dark restaurant.

Even with the detour, we made it to Ohio on time. It was nearing seven when we checked in, and after I called Peter, the three of us went out to get dinner. I managed to calm down after what happened, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't keeping an eye out for any sign of the truck or the guys. I think we all were the whole the way here.

"Me too," I agree, stacking up my empty dishes.

Kat doesn't reply, dragging her fork through the half-finished pile of mashed potatoes on her plate. She's fallen slowly into silence over the past few hours and it's starting to make me worry. My guess is she's scared about what happened earlier-- I know I am-- but I'm not used to her being so quiet.

In a motion that almost makes me think I'm having a painful case of deja-vu, Charlie lightly kicks my ankle underneath the table. I turn to him and he gives me a wide-eyed look, moving his gaze to Kat, who's staring down at her plate. I give him his own look, silently asking what he wants from me, even though we both know I know.

I guess I should be thankful I have someone pushing me to say the things I normally wouldn't have the guts to. "You okay?" I finally ask, watching as it takes Kat a second to register that it's her I'm asking.

"Oh-- Uh, yeah. Yeah, I'm fine." It isn't a very convincing statement.

"I'm pretty shaken up too," I admit. "But there's no way they could know where we are. I don't think we'll have to worry about seeing them again."

She nods, offering a small smile. "I know."

I'm trying to think of what else I can say, debating if I should ask if something's bothering her, when she speaks up again.

"I..." She sighs, lips pressing together. She finally sets her fork down, hands clasping on the table in front of her. "There's something I have to tell you guys."

I raise my eyebrows. Her gaze flicks away, then back to me, away, back to me.

She sighs again, looking defeated, and her voice comes out softer, less confident than I've ever heard from her. "I just... I don't want you guys to hate me."

Me and Charlie both lean forward. She eyes us guiltily from across the table and my stomach sinks. "What do you mean?"

"I haven't been entirely honest." She shakes her head, looking down at her plate again. "And by that, I mean I lied-- I'm just really bad at saying it, apparently."

"You lied?" I can't think of anything that seemed like a lie over the past two days. "About what?"

"I lied about my brother." She bites her lip as she looks between me and Charlie. "I... sort of... don't have one."

Before I can even think about responding, she lets out a heavy breath and starts to explain. "I'm sorry-- and I swear I wouldn't usually lie like that. I just... you guys said you were going to New York, and it came out before I could even think about what I was doing-- It was an impulsive thing, you know?"

She shakes her head, looking ashamed. "I really am sorry-- I felt terrible every time it came up, but I didn't know how to tell the truth. I was embarrassed."

I don't know what kind of bombshell I was expecting, but it wasn't that. Honestly, I'm relieved-- with how scared she seemed to confess, I was expecting something a lot worse than a made-up brother. Let's just say that as far as lying about family goes, I've had to deal with a lot worse.

"It's okay," I assure her as Charlie nods next to me. Her expression softens with relief and I shrug a shoulder. "It's not that bad-- you had me kinda worried for a second there."

She lets out a small laugh, body visibly relaxing. "Sorry."

"I'm glad you lied," Charlie grins as he says the words, "because it means you're here."

The smile that spreads across her face is bigger and brighter than any I've seen from her yet. As Charlie asks about dessert, already over and done with Kat's guilt-filled confession, I pretend not to notice that her eyes are wet with tears.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





twenty five




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. The hotel room is nice enough, but undeniably several huge steps down compared to the suite at the Millenium. Even though Peter said it was okay to use the card, I want to prove that I can handle the rest of this trip on my own, which meant I needed to skimp on the room. It's small, but so is the price. There's a couch facing an old TV, a compact kitchen area, and a bed-- there's only one, but Kat already insisted Charlie and I take it, offering to crash on the couch.

Charlie calls dibs on the first shower and heads off to the bathroom, while Kat sits at the small table in the kitchen. I take the seat across from her and stretch out my legs, which are stiff from the long drive.

"You're really not mad?" Kat asks, breaking the silence. I hear the shower turn on in the bathroom and know that once again I'm alone with Kat, with no Charlie around to help me.

It's starting to get easier to talk to her on my own, which I think in part is because we got such heavy stuff out of the way so early on. It's weird to think I opened up to her in such a short amount of time, but even if it does make me a little uncomfortable, I don't regret it. Maybe my sleeve riding up at the gas station wasn't such a bad thing after all-- the two of us have gotten to know each other a lot since then.

I shake my head to answer her question. Maybe under different circumstances, I would've been upset with her for making up a story like that, but after learning that basically my entire life was a lie, Kat's fib hardly seems like anything. Plus, Charlie's right: if Kat didn't lie then she most likely wouldn't be here, and there's no way I would trade her company for knowing the truth sooner. "Not mad. Just curious."

"I know it must seem pretty weird," she says, cracking a sheepish smile. "I promise, I'm not on the lam or anything."

I give her a look of fabricated doubt. "Sounds like something someone on the lam would say."

She laughs, shaking her head. "I just... I wanted to get away. I saw the opportunity and I couldn't stop myself from taking it. It sounds pretty stupid, but it's the truth."

"At the pizza parlor, you said the reason you decided to leave wasn't really tangible," I remember.

"It's... I dunno." She sighs and looks down at her hands, picking nervously at the cuticle of her thumbnail. "Have you ever wanted to be someone else? Like, a different version of yourself?"

I nod, watching as she seems to contemplate her next words.

"Sometimes it feels like I've wasted my whole life wishing that. And I know it's my own fault, which only makes it worse."

"Why's it your fault?"

"Well, I could change my life anytime I want to-- but hating the monotony doesn't mean I'm not scared of losing it, unfortunately. Still, as crazy and unreasonable as the idea is, I've thought about it a lot before-- packing up and going somewhere where nobody knows me. Starting from scratch. Forcing myself to get out there and actually live, you know?"

live,

Her words bring me back to the exact feeling I had before my attempt: tired of just existing, but too scared to live. "I get what you mean."

She looks at me for a few seconds, lips forming a small smile. "Then I saw you. A day has passed since I got fired, I'm sitting in a restaurant at an ungodly hour of the morning-- by myself nonetheless-- and then there's you. This guy my age, doing exactly what I've always wished I had the guts to do."

by myself I let myself enjoy the surge of pride that gives me. And I know it's not only because Kat admires what I did, but because I do, too.

"When I asked to come with you I don't think I actually expected you to say yes. But then you did, and for a few hours I thought I was finally changing the course of my life." She pauses, smiling and looking down at the table. I can tell she's slightly amused and embarrassed by what she did, oblivious to the fact that I think it was admirable. "Then we actually got to New York, and I realized how scared I was, and how stupid I'd been to think I could just create a new life for myself out of thin air."

stupid "Well if it's any consolation, my plan didn't work out either," I say, motioning to the room and the fact that we're in Ohio when I thought I'd be meeting my dad in New York. "Clearly."

She grins, and so do I, if not for anything more than the fact that my words seemed to make her feel better. "You think you two have room for me on the way back?" The look on her face tells me she's actually worried I might say no.

"Of course," I assure her. Even if I wasn't so enamored and didn't feel like cheering at the thought of all the extra time I'd now get to have with her, there's no way I'd leave her to find a different way back to Maryland.

She lets out a heavy breath, shoulders relaxing. "Thanks, Oliver. It feels good to get all that off my chest. Less embarrassing than I thought it would be."

"You shouldn't be embarrassed." I mean it-- if anyone understands what feeling stuck can do to your brain, it's me. At the very least, she tried to solve her problem more rationally than I did.

"Surprisingly, I'm not." She presses her lips together, head tilting to the side. "I think if things didn't work out, I would be. But... for once in my life, it feels like I'm in the right place."





I hold her gaze and she holds mine, all while I wish the words mean something more than what they do.

I want to ask about what happens after-- when this is all over, will we ever see each other again? Knowing that I might get an answer I won't like makes me keep the question to myself. It isn't realistic to think we could hold up a friendship-- let alone something more, which I've been telling myself to stop thinking about-- with almost two hours between us.

"Charlie will be happy to have you with us most of the way home," I finally say. "He likes you a lot."

With the way her face brightens up, it's obvious she's pretty fond of the kid herself. "Charlie's great-- you two are lucky to have each other."

She's right that I'm lucky, but I can't help thinking Charlie would be a whole lot better off with an older brother who wasn't so messed up.

"I miss being his age," she says, a reminiscent expression replacing her cheerful one. "Everything felt like an adventure, you know? The world seemed so much bigger."

I nod, a hint of jealousy at Charlie's naivety hidden under the pile of guilt that reminds me I'm responsible for taking some of it away. "Crossing the street was like discovering new land. Now we've seen three states in one day, and it doesn't even feel like anything's different."

"You think?" Her head tilts, eyes studying me.

I shrug, but I don't have to think it over for long to know my words were just instinctual pessimism. Things do feel different. I stood up to Mom, I managed to keep the trip going, and even if I didn't realize it until now, I've been enjoying myself. I've been having fun. Even with all the setbacks, I know in my heart that these past two days I've felt the best I've felt in a long time.

do I'm used to not feeling any different. I'm used to every day feeling exactly the same, like a loop of numb monotony over and over. I can lie to myself and say that nothing has changed, or I can face it and admit that I'm already a different person than I was before I left. That maybe for once, things don't feel so insignificant.

used I should be embracing the fact that I'm feeling again. I should be relishing in the way my heart picks up speed just from being around Kat, or how just looking at Charlie can make me smile. But the fact that I might be happy is so unfamiliar, and feels so good, that I'm scared to let myself enjoy it. I'm scared that if I'm not careful, it'll go away.

good,

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





twenty six




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. "Oliver."

I'm pulled out of sleep as I feel something push against my shoulder, nudging me awake. I open my eyes to see Kat hovering over me, already dressed and ready for the day. I can tell it's still dark behind the cheap curtains covering the nearby window.

"What time is it?" I mumble, looking over at the clock on the nightstand. The red letters stare back at me and tell me it's just after six in the morning. I rub my face and run a hand through my hair, hoping I don't look as disheveled as I feel.

"I know, it's early," she whispers. "You don't need to get up. I just wanted to tell you I'm going down to the pier to watch the sunrise-- I didn't want you to think I left or something."

"Oh," I manage, sitting up. I suppress a yawn. "The pier?"

Kat smiles, obviously amused by my half-asleep-ness. "The pier, as in the one we can see from our window? The big wooden thing sticking out over Lake Eerie?"

I nod, laughing quietly. "Right. The pier."

"You guys should come too-- we could grab an early breakfast after, get a head start on the road."

I weigh my options: catch up on sleep on an uncomfortable mattress with Charlie the cover-hog, or watch the sunrise with a beautiful girl who seems to actually want me to come with her.

I turn and give Charlie a gentle shake. "Hey, Charlie. Wake-up call."

He grumbles in his sleep, but it takes a couple more tries before he starts to stir awake. Thankfully, he doesn't care about being woken up early, too excited by the idea of watching a sunrise for the first time. We get ready fast, pulling out clean day clothes from our bags and washing up as quickly as we can, not wanting to miss it.

The three of us head out of the small hotel, which is surprisingly close to the lake for how cheap it is. It seems like the world is coated in the soft blue of the gradually lightening sky. A few of the scattered, wispy clouds are highlighted with pink, hinting at the colors to come and letting us know that the sun has almost started its journey over the horizon. The unfamiliar hour holds a serenity that's hard to describe; everything is just a little softer, a little quieter.

Walking down to the beach doesn't take long, and we're mostly silent as we try to shake off the remainder of our drowsiness. Charlie does spend a minute brainstorming ideas for breakfast, already craving another stack of pancakes from his favorite restaurant. Kat and I agree on his choice, sharing amused smiles above his head.

The pier is more lively than I expected it to be, but still tranquil. A few fishermen stand with their poles and gear while a young couple snuggles up to each other on one of the benches. Waves lap at the nearby sandy shore and the rocks positioned below us, stacked all around the pier's supports. The sky has already started to change, the horizon glowing with shades of orange and violet.



The three of us sit on a wooden bench towards the middle of the pier, me between Charlie and Kat. We look out at the water, where the sun has started to show itself. Charlie nudges me in the side with his elbow and I look over-- he smiles, wiggles his eyebrows, and hops off his seat, walking up to the railing.

With so much free space to my left now, I feel like I should scoot over to give Kat more room. Obviously, that isn't the type of reaction Charlie was hoping for, and as her shoulder presses up against mine, I decide I'd really rather stay right where I am.

I fidget with my hands, failing to focus on anything other than how close we are. The butterflies are back, big time. I'm not sure they've actually ever left since Kat joined us. I risk a glance at her-- bad idea. She sees and meets my gaze, catching the fact that I'm looking at her instead of the sunrise.

She smiles, which is enough to get my heart racing even more, then looks back out at the sky, not seeming to mind my lingering stare. I keep my eyes on her for a second more, wanting to remember her like this, drenched in the soft colors of the sky, hair tousled from the breeze coming off the lake. I avert my gaze back to the water, which sparkles at the crest of each small wave.

Underneath all my feelings for Kat, there's something else that I'm just as unfamiliar with. I like this feeling-- it's warm, it's content, it's safe. I feel calm. Like all that matters is right in front of me.

"I'm not used to stuff like this," I say. The sun is halfway up now. I shiver, hoping it'll warm up soon.

"Stuff like...?" Kat's voice is curious as she trails off, waiting for me to finish.

"Sitting." I laugh, knowing how absurd that must sound. "Relaxing. Taking the time to do something as simple as watching the world."

I can feel Kat looking at me and gather the courage to meet her eyes. Her head is tilted, brow slightly furrowed.

I shrug and my shoulder brushes hers. I try to ignore the heat making its way to my face. "At home it's always something, you know? Schoolwork, planning for college, trying to figure out my future and make plans. Then there's the act I have to put on whenever my Mom's friends come over, or Peter has his business partners over for dinner, or they both want me to go to some sort of fundraiser or event or whatever. Between all that, it's like I never get to just be ."

whatever. be She nods and averts her eyes to the worn wood of the pier.

"I guess that's part of why I did what I did," I admit.

Her gaze snaps back up to mine. My words have widdled her carefree expression down to concern, and I'm sorry for it. But I can't seem to stop myself from continuing-- the floodgates of honesty have finally been opened, and I don't know how to close them.

"Just... the pressure. So much pressure to be this picture-perfect son-- but I never asked for that! And I kept telling myself that it shouldn't have mattered, that I was supposed to be thankful. I mean, I was born with every opportunity right at my fingertips. But that... that's the problem. If I don't pick something, then to them, I'm nothing. If I don't become somebody, then I'm nobody."

that's somebody, I look down at my hands. One of my jacket sleeves is pulled back just enough that I can see the tops of my scars, too permanent to ever let me forget what I did. Maybe I'm not supposed to.

"I died. For forty-seven seconds I was dead and for some reason, I got the chance to live again. I..." I shake my head, trying to sort out my thoughts. "I don't want to waste it by pretending to care about that stuff anymore."

I look back at Kat. She's watching me with damp eyes, and I want to tell her not to cry. For the first time in my life, I think I understand what matters to me. "I'm happy."

"You are?" she asks, voice gentle, gaze hopeful.

I nod. "I am. And from now on, that's what's important to me-- just trying to keep this feeling around as much as I can. Might not be so easy when I'm back in Virginia, but... for now," I take it all in, looking at the beach, Charlie's blonde hair blowing in the wind, and back to the girl at my side, "I'm here and I'm happy."

Kat smiles and so do I, because it feels like the vice around my heart has finally started to unravel. The admission is the ultimate relief. It's the first time I've told anyone the truth, including myself.

"I'm glad to hear it." Kat's eyes stay on me, gentle and caring, and I have to admit it to myself: Charlie was right. If the way I feel right now is any indication, I'm pretty sure falling in love doesn't have a time requirement-- when it happens, it happens. And God, is it happening.

God, "And trust me, Oliver," she adds, pausing for a second as she looks out at the sunrise, which has passed us by. Just when I think I couldn't possibly like her more, she finishes her thought. "You're definitely somebody."



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





twenty seven


this chapter is dedicated to espressoenthusiast ! Sorry you had to wait so long for your dedication, and thank you so much for your support and sweet comments! 💕

this chapter is dedicated to espressoenthusiast ! Sorry you had to wait so long for your dedication, and thank you so much for your support and sweet comments! 💕 espressoenthusiast

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. It's a big enough milestone to realize that I'm happy. But to know that I want to try to keep it that way? The whole thing is pretty monumental and definitely a little scary. I can't help thinking this looks a lot like the beginning of a road I've been trying to avoid taking-- getting happiness, losing it, and falling into an even deeper pit of sadness than I was stuck in before.

Thankfully, I've come up with a simple solution to avoid that problem: don't lose the happiness.

But if I'm going to take this seriously and really try to keep my head above the depressive funk I've been drowning in for so long, there are steps I'm going to have to take-- the first of which is so daunting that it almost makes me want to give up on the idea altogether: patching things up with Mom.

I can't stay on this road trip forever, as much as I'd like to. Soon enough I'll be back in Virginia, and I'd like to think there are ways to make living there a little less soul-sucking. Most of them go back to Mom.

Now, by "patching things up" with her, I mean reaching some kind of understanding about our differences. I don't think we'll ever have a normal relationship, but I'd like to at least get things to where we can be in the same room for more than five minutes without wanting to rip each other's head off.

If it's what it takes to keep this feeling around, then I'm ready to be mature about things. That's why for the morning parental check-in, I decide to call Mom's phone instead of Peter's. We can talk, we can apologize, and maybe for once, we can try to be normal.

Unfortunately, just like last time, I'm sent to voicemail. Not even ten seconds later, my phone rings with a call from Peter.

I pick it up, hating the way my good mood has already dissipated. Mom has officially just snuffed out the beginning of my plan. She won't say a word to me and yet she's still managing to ruin things for me-- our relationship really is special , to put it nicely.

special "Hello?" I say, sure that Peter can hear the annoyance in my voice.

"Oliver." Peter greets, sounding apologetic.

I pause and breathe out some of my anger. I don't want to take this out on him. Still, we can't just ignore it. "What is she gonna do when I come home?" I ask, knowing he knows what I'm talking about. "Ignore me until I move out?"

"She's just... upset. I don't think it would be good for you two to talk with her like this-- give it some more time."

More time. I don't say it, but I can't help thinking that not talking is what got us into all this in the first place.

not "How is everything? You and Charlie doing okay?"

"Yeah, everything's good," I say, trying to make myself remember that it's the truth. So step one of my road to recovery was a failure-- I'll just have to focus on step two: meeting Isaac.



Step three looms in the distance: deciding what to do about my feelings for Kat. I meant it this morning-- I think I'm genuinely falling in love. It sounds cheesy and flowery no matter how I say it-- and I know it's ridiculous, it's been days-- but as stupid as it makes me feel, it's the truth. I almost wish it wasn't, because it would make this whole thing a lot simpler, but mostly I'm embarrassed to admit how fantastic of a feeling it is and how I definitely do not wish it would go away.

days-- not Peter and I don't talk for long after I fill him in on our hotel stay and pancake breakfast. I don't mention the pier, because I don't know how he'll react, and I don't mention Kat, for obvious reasons. In my eyes, it's a plus that there's another adult on the trip. In Mom's eyes? Let's just say if she finds out I picked up a hitchhiker with Charlie in the car, I can kiss step one of my plan goodbye.





»»——⍟——««





»»——⍟——««





The Wisconsin sky is just beginning to darken when we stop for gas. Kat stays in the car with Charlie, who's been asleep in the backseat for almost an hour, while I go in to grab some snacks and pay for the gas.

I would wake him for a bathroom break, but considering that we still have four hours left to drive, I figure he probably wants to sleep through it as much as possible. Let's just say the ride hasn't been as exciting since we left New York-- mostly it's just been long stretches of highway and cornfields. After Charlie got to experience switching time zones, which I don't think was as thrilling as he imagined it to be, he zonked out pretty fast.





Once I get back to the pump, Kat hops over to the driver's side and opens the door from inside, motioning for me to hand her the plastic bag. I give it to her and reach for the pump as she browses her choices.

"I wasn't sure what to get," I tell her as I open the gas tank. "I just kind of picked randomly."

"Random works." She shrugs, placing the bag to the side. She turns her head to the dashboard, tracing the wheel with her fingers. "The car is pretty spectacular-- I can't blame you for stealing it."

I let out a quiet laugh. "Guess I should've taken my own car, though. A lot cheaper on gas."

"Hey, I can pitch in-- I mean, I am kind of bumming an entire road trip." She looks a little guilty.

I smile and shake my head, not meaning to make her feel bad. I didn't mean to insinuate that I wanted her to pay. "No, don't worry about it. I have..."

I stop when something in the distance catches my eye. My smiles falls into what I can only imagine is a look of panic.

"What?"

It's still light enough outside for me to see into the next parking lot over, a small shopping center filled with a decent amount of cars. One in particular stands out amongst the sea of ordinary blacks, blues, and reds: a purple truck. It isn't parked, and it isn't in the drive-thru line of the nearby restaurant. It's idling, waiting on the edges of the lot, near the exit.

"It's-- truck-" The pump stalls in my hand, letting me know it's done. I keep it there, scared to move, scared to look like I'm about to leave. "The truck. Burger King parking lot."

Kat's eyes go wide, and I'm sure we're silently asking the same questions. How the hell did they find us? Why are they still not confronting us?

In comparison to how closely they were following us last time, it seems like now, they're attempting to not be seen by blending in and staying far away. A chill travels up my spine as I wonder how long their strategy has been working.

I stay at the pump, trying to act like I haven't noticed them. I reach into my jacket pocket and pull out the car keys. As discreetly as possible, I hand them in Kat's direction. "Take these."



"What?" Her gaze goes back and forth between me and the keys, dumbfounded as she takes them.

"Just-- have the car ready to start, okay? Be ready to drive."

"Wha-- I-- Oliver--"

"Kat, please, we just have to lose them again. I can't call the police. I can't have something that wrong happen, I just can't. My parents-- my mom, Peter-- they'll flip, they won't let us keep going."

can't that " You need to drive, I don't-"

You "If I get in the driver's seat, they'll know we're about to leave. Can you drive?"

"Well, yes, but-"

"Can you drive fast ?"

fast She rolls her eyes. "Exclusively." There's a moment of silence before she huffs. "Fine. I assume you have a plan?"

"Thank you, thank you ." I finally remove the pump, placing it back into the machine. "I do have a plan-- come out and go around to sit in the passenger's side, and close the door behind you."

thank you She gives me a look of doubt, but steps out of the car and heads over to the other side as I prepare to put on what I hope looks like a believable performance. I know the guys are watching me. They haven't followed us this far by being unobservant.

know Her door shuts behind me as I head back in the direction of the store, trying to look nonchalant. Halfway to the entrance, I reach for my back pocket, feel my wallet, and pretend not to. I stop walking, feeling my other pocket. I shake my head, reach into the pockets on my hoodie, then my front pants pockets, all while displaying the most confused-looking body language I can muster. Again, I shake my head, turning and walking back to the car.

I don't have to pretend to look worried over my lost wallet, because I'm genuinely worried that this is a stupid plan and may not work at all. I open the passenger's door and Kat gives me a look of concern. Charlie is still fast asleep, oblivious to our panic-- hopefully, he'll stay that way. I know he's mature for his age, but this whole ordeal is scaring me, who's got ten years on him.

genuinely me, "Oliver, seriously, what are we doing? Did you lose your wallet or something?"

A smile manages to push through my nerves. Apparently my acting wasn't half bad. "Hopefully that's what they think."

Her eyebrows raise in recognition, but she doesn't look impressed. "This is the plan?"

is "I came up with it in thirty seconds!" I defend myself, pretending to search around the seat. "Were you expecting Danny Ocean levels of creativity?"

"I don't know what I was expecting, but you brushing up on your acting skills in the parking lot wasn't exactly my first thought." She shakes her head, joining the act and pretending to look with me. "Just tell me what to do."

"I need you to move over to the driver's seat, as discreetly as you can. Put the keys in the ignition, start the car, and I'll jump in and shut the door. Then-"

"Then I floor it," she nods, slowly climbing over the console separating the two seats, "and hopefully catch them off guard."

"Hopefully." I'm trying to use my body to hide the inside of the car and the fact that Kat is now sitting behind the wheel. My heart is in my throat, limbs shaking with adrenaline as I ready myself to jump inside.

"Ready?" Kat looks to me as she sticks the key in the ignition.

Not even a little bit. "Yeah."

She takes a breath, turns the key, and the motor roars to life. I launch myself into the car, slam the door behind me, and Kat presses on the gas. My body jerks forward, tires squealing as we take off. Kat leans into a hard left to get out of the lot, and gravity knocks me in the same direction. My forehead meets with the window, but I barely feel it, too caught up in the insanity.

I grip my seat as Kat presses harder on the gas, tearing down the small road heading back to the highway exits-- and right towards a line of cars stopped at the light.

"Kat--"

"You asked me to drive," she reminds me.

Everything outside looks like a blur as we whiz past it. The only thing I can focus on is the bumper we're barreling towards. "You have to stop!"

Kat doesn't stop-- instead, she does something even scarier than crashing into the station wagon at the end of the line: she jerks the steering wheel to the left. The tires thud as she drives the Firebird over the grassy median strip and veers into the empty oncoming lane. Horns honk next to us, filling the air with more chaos.

I turn in my seat, half because I want to know if it worked and half because I can't watch this anymore. The purple truck skids to a halt in the right lane, tires smoking, front end coming within inches of the station wagon.

"Jesus!" I turn back around as Kat swerves into the intersection and immediately wish I hadn't-- a red car slams on its breaks and turns at the last second, just barely avoiding us. More horns blare, long and angry.

Kat keeps going, completely ignoring the near accident. She speeds left and gets onto the first exit. Finally, as we merge onto the highway, she starts to slow down.

"That was insane ," I blurt, turning around again. Charlie is, both surprisingly and yet totally expectedly, fast asleep. The road is void of purple trucks.

insane I face front again, slumping into the seat, my whole body as tense as a rock. I might never relax again after that.

"Oliver, there's two things you should know." Kat is breathless and her knuckles are white against the steering wheel.

"What?" I ask, bewildered. This was technically my plan, but I never could've executed it so brilliantly. That was stupid, dangerous, and batshit crazy, but it was perfect.

"One, we need to get off the highway and switch seats, because I don't have a driver's license."

"You- What?!" I look over at her and she shrugs. "How do you-- then why did you--"

"You needed me to drive. I can drive, I just haven't gotten my license yet."

can I shake my head and let out a breath, almost laughing in disbelief. "What's the second thing?"

"I bet you can't guess the reason my dad's in prison."

"I-- What?" I'm caught off guard by the question. How can she be thinking about anything other than what just happened? "I don't know, Kat. I have no idea."

She glances at me, a crooked smile on her face. "He drove a getaway car."





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Action scenes are definitely not my strong suit lol, but I hope this was an enjoyable chapter and that you guys are enjoying the story!

Action scenes are definitely not my strong suit lol, but I hope this was an enjoyable chapter and that you guys are enjoying the story!





twenty eight




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I'm lucky Charlie's such a heavy sleeper. With all my tossing and turning, any normal human would wake up.





My mind keeps trying to find answers to the list of problems that just keeps growing. I can't fathom why we're being followed, I have no idea what to do about my feelings for Kat, and I don't know how I'm going to tell Isaac the truth about who I am-- if he's even still at the address on the envelope.





After we got away from the purple truck, Kat and I switched places and I drove the rest of the way to Minnesota. The three of us got dinner and checked into a small motel, our room nothing more than two twin beds, a bathroom, and a barely functioning TV. Charlie and I had our evening call with Peter and an hour later, the three of us were tucked in, watching some old movie that bored Charlie to sleep pretty fast.

I decided not to tell him what he slept through and asked Kat to do the same. Thankfully, she understood why. I feel bad keeping it from him, but I don't want Charlie to be paranoid about something that as far as I can tell, we got away from-- even if I still am.





I try and try and try to shut my mind off, but when the questions stop, they're just replaced by thoughts about everything that could go wrong tomorrow. If Isaac isn't here, that's it. Dead end. And if he is here, I still have to worry about the potential of him not liking what I have to say. If he throws me off his porch, what then?

is I sit up slowly, careful not to jostle Charlie as I grab my key from the nightstand and head over to the door, which squeaks as I open it. The cool night air seeps inside as I step out onto the second-floor balcony, closing the door behind me.

Maybe some fresh air will help clear my head. Maybe nothing will and I'm doomed to be up all night.

My eyes scan the parking lot-- no purple truck. I breathe a sigh of relief, my eyelids heavy. At least knowing they aren't here means I have one less thing to worry about.

Crickets chirp loudly from the ground below. The distant sound of traffic is like white noise, gentle and constant. I can just barely see the highway out past the woods across from the parking lot. Cars pass each other. Headlights, taillights, just more people going places.

The thought makes me smile for once. I feel, despite the fact that I'm by myself in the middle of the night, like I'm not so alone. Like I'm connected to every person on the highway, every person who drives by the motel, and every person who's staying here. As much as I didn't believe it before, I'm starting to realize there are people out there for me. People like Charlie. People like Kat.

The door creaks behind me. I know who it is without looking. My body reacts to her presence before my brain does-- the hairs on the back of my neck stand up and my stomach feels like I've launched myself over the railing, flipping and dropping in the dizzying way that I know I'll miss when she's gone.

I turn my head as Kat shuts the door. She leans her back against it, the corners of her mouth curving up. She's silent, but her face says everything. Knowing smile, eyes filled with questions.



"I can't sleep either."

I face her, trying to look casual as I rest against the railing, feeling anything but. Her pajamas are simple, a plain grey t-shirt and flannel pants. I try not to focus on what she looks like, even though it's taking up eighty percent of my brain. I can't understand how someone can look so simple and so perfect at the same time.

I run a hand through my hair, trying to fix what I assume is a bad case of bed head. "Yeah. I thought some air might help."

She walks over, her shoes scuffing against the wooden walkway, only halfway on her feet. I glance down to my white socks and wonder how stupid I look standing out here in the middle of the night without any shoes on.

Kat rests her arms on the railing, looking out at the parking lot and letting out a sigh. "Do you think the guys are following us because of Isaac?"

My eyebrows raise as I turn to her, so fast that I almost lose my balance. "What?"

She raises a shoulder, looking at me like she feels sorry, but as if the question has an obvious answer.

I shake my head, looking away. My fuzzy Kat-feeling is muddled with annoyance. "What would they want with Isaac?"

"I don't know. But Lester sure seemed to be hiding something about him."

I shrug, knowing she's got a point. "Maybe he was just nervous about breaking the rules."

"Maybe. But I can't figure any other reason why they'd be following us and not confronting us. The way I see it, they didn't want the money, Oliver. They wanted the envelope, the address."

"Okay, but why?" I hate the bitter tone of my voice, but can't shake it off, because I also hate what she's saying.

She purses her lips, then shakes her head. "I don't know."

"Exactly. There's no reason they'd be this desperate to find a janitor."

"So then why are they so desperate?"

are "How should I know?"

She crosses her arms, facing me instead of the lot. "You won't even consider the idea that maybe Isaac had a little more going on in his life than mopping floors at the Hilton?"

consider "I-- Look, just butt out, okay?" The words fly out of me in exasperation before I can collect myself.

She blinks, looks away, hugs herself a little tighter. I can't seem to make myself do anything, as if my instant guilt has taken me hostage.

"Sorry," she apologizes and the guilt increases tenfold, filling my chest with an ache so strong I wonder if I'll ever stop feeling it. "You're right-- it's pointless to theorize. Either way, it's none of my business."

The words sting. It's exactly the type of thing I don't want to hear from her. I want her to care about my life, so why am I acting like such a dick, trying to defend a guy I don't even know yet?

want "No, it is. We're both being followed, you have a right to question why." I scratch my neck, wishing I had more practice with apologizing. "I didn't mean to snap at you, I just... I don't know. I'm sorry."

I look out at the woods, dwelling on the silence and wondering what's next. I'm half expecting her to say goodnight and go in. The other half thinks that isn't very Kat-like. The first half argues back that I've known the girl for a few days, and my knowledge of what's "Kat-like" might not be so vast.

There's a sudden warm pressure on my left hand-- I look down to see Kat's on top of mine, the soft skin such a contrast to the cold metal railing against my palm.

My face goes hot in less than a second, arm feeling like fire, like all the nerves in my body have gone numb except for where her skin is touching mine. My gaze drifts up to her eyes, which are looking at mine.

"It's okay." She gently squeezes my hand. I don't know if my heart has ever beat this fast. "You have a lot on your mind. I shouldn't've brought it up."

I shake my head, surprised I can even manage the simple action, let alone words. "It's... I mean- that's- it's fine."

Okay, so maybe not words.

She smiles, gives another squeeze, and removes her hand from mine. I watch it go back to the railing and want more than anything to follow it and place my hand on hers. It would be so simple, it would say everything I can't, and yet my hand stays firmly where it rests, still tingling and missing her touch.

"I'm sure Isaac's great." Her gaze flicks away again. "I'm really glad we met, Oliver. And Isaac would have to be pretty stupid to not feel the same way."

"I'm glad too," I say, her words warming me from the inside out. "I don't really know how to say it, but you kind of feel like the first person I've actually ever met."

She smiles. "I know what you mean." Her smile falters, gaze traveling to the cars below us. "The whole thing's pretty bittersweet, though. Soon we go our separate ways again."

I nod, wishing I wasn't-- I don't want to agree to that, even though I know it has to happen. "Yeah."

We're silent, once again staring out at the night, listening to the quiet. My eyes watch the yellow light of a nearby streetlight flicker, but my brain is only focused on Kat and how it feels to be next to her.

I shift just an inch to my left, as discreetly as possible. Our arms brush, skin meeting for the second time. My jaw clenches. I watch the streetlight. I wish against all odds that our separate ways will merge into one.

"I thought I liked being alone," Kat breaks the silence. "But after being with you and Charlie... I don't know how I'm going to go back to that. For the first time in a while, it feels like I'm not just pretending to be happy."

"Maryland and Virginia aren't that far," I turn to her, finally working up the nerve to say what I've been thinking for days. "You don't have to go back to being alone. And I think both me and Charlie would prefer if you didn't."

Kat smiles, a real one this time. "You mean that?"

"Of course."

She studies me for a second, as if she expects me to admit that I'm bluffing. When I don't, the smile grows into a grin and she steps forward, wrapping her arm around my shoulders and pulling me into a hug.

It only lasts a second before she pulls away, but it doesn't matter-- a second is more than enough to short circuit my brain and make my body go haywire.

"Oliver..." She looks at me, really looks at me. It feels like she can see every thought that runs through my mind, all of which are about her and the way her eyes are staring right into mine.

really She shakes her head, breaking my trance and leaving me to wonder if there was as much behind all that as I felt. "We should get some sleep."

"Yeah, right," I agree. I wish I had the nerve to grab her hand and keep her from moving to the door, to say there's something I need to tell her, to confess how I feel.

Instead, I keep my hands to myself and follow her back inside. As I close the door behind us, I have to wonder if after meeting Kat, it's possible for a guy to ever get a good night's sleep again.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. thank you so much for 9k! 🤍

thank you so much for 9k! 🤍





twenty nine




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

The sun shines down on Minnesota as we head down the highway, the Firebird filled with silent anticipation. I swear I've seen more highway in the past few days than I've seen in my whole life. After a while, it all looks the same-- but today it feels different, thanks to this being the last short stretch of our trip. This is really it: we're heading to Isaac's house. All the roads have led us here. As the GPS ticks off the miles, my stomach feels like it's churning cement.



feels On the bright side, since ninety percent of my brain activity is focused on the fact that with every passing minute I'm closer to meeting my father, it's hard to beat myself up over not confessing to Kat last night.

I shouldn't even be mad at myself in the first place-- telling her how I feel would be beyond stupid. I mean, I'm out of my mind if I think I have a chance with her, even after yesterday. The hand-holding, the hug, they were platonic. As much as I wish they weren't, that's the truth, and I have to accept it.

Admitting my feelings would probably just make her uncomfortable. It would ruin things, and I'd go back to having no one to talk to but Charlie. I should just be happy things turned out the way they did and that she wants to stay friends after this is over.

"Oliver," Kat angles her body towards me in the passenger's seat, "if you grip that steering wheel any harder you'll break it in half. Try to relax."

Funny, since she's half the reason I'm so tense. I take a deep breath and let it out slowly, but it doesn't do much to ease the lifetime worth of stress I'm trying to deal with.

"Are you excited?" Charlie asks from the backseat.

The GPS tells me our exit is coming up, so I switch lanes, trying to figure out how to answer Charlie's question. Under all the nerves and worry, I think I might be excited, but it's hard to tell.

"A little." I raise a stiff shoulder, wishing I could loosen up. "Mostly nervous."

"You shouldn't be," Kat says. "And I know me saying that doesn't help, but I mean it."

Logically, I know she's right. I'm not at fault for any of this, I'm just the one bearing the news. Isaac screwed up and I'm the result he never found out about. He and mom are the reason this messed up situation even exists.

Unfortunately, logic doesn't stop my hands from shaking, or my heart from feeling like it's about to burst out of my chest. Everything only gets more intense when I get off the highway and follow the directions to a more residential area. The houses gradually get bigger and fancier as we drive down different roads, passing neighborhoods and shopping centers. I'm caught between wishing this wasn't taking so long and wishing it would last forever, so I'd never have to finish what I started.

After a while, as we're driving down a shaded side street, the GPS instructs me to make a left turn. There are two short, brick pillars on both sides of the road, and as we turn I spot a white mailbox next to one of them. This must be his driveway.



I'm not sure what to think as I slow down, driving up the winding path through a lavish tunnel of freshly bloomed oak trees. Sunlight leaks down through the green leaves, painting shadows on our astonished expressions.

"This is..." Kat trails off, shaking her head. I can hear the surprise in her voice. "This is nice."

I nod as we reach the end of the trees and come face to face with a large, Victorian-style house, sitting far back on the well-kept lawn. It's painted a blue that matches the sky, with a large white porch wrapping around the front. I drive onto the dirt path that leads to the closed garage and park as my phone tells us we've arrived at our destination.

I'm not sure what to say, and can't put a finger on why I'm so surprised. I don't know what I was expecting-- I guess when I heard Isaac was working as a janitor, and after our visit to the shady bar, I didn't expect him to live somewhere so nice. So... normal looking.

normal A hidden part of me, a part that I'm not proud of, wants to rub it in. It wants to turn to Kat and ask her if she thinks a guy who lives in a house like this would have anything to do with the two burly, tattooed men who were following us.

As I hear the sound of an approaching car, that part of me shuts up pretty fast.

I glance in the rearview to see a sleek, black Porsche pulling up behind us. Kat curses and my heart drops-- it must be the guys. They found us again, they switched vehicles. Of course they did-- how could I have been stupid enough last night to think not seeing the truck in the parking lot meant we'd lost them for good?

course Kat's eyes are wide as she turns in her seat. I shut mine in defeat, knowing this is it. Whatever the hell has been going on these past few days has led up to this. I'm almost relieved that it's over and we'll finally know what they want-- almost.

almost. Kat sighs in what sounds like relief, and I hear her back hit the seat again. "It's not them-- it's just one guy. I'm guessing Isaac."

I open my eyes. Isaac. My father. Sitting in the car behind us and probably wondering what the hell we're doing parked in front of his house.

This is somehow just as scary as if it was the guys-- I thought I'd have a minute to prepare myself before I met Isaac. I'm not ready to just get out and face him like this.

Before I can work up the courage to look at my father for the first time in my life, Charlie gasps and unbuckles his seatbelt.

"It's Dad!"

My eyebrows furrow, head whipping around-- sure enough, Peter is stepping out of the expensive-looking car. He shuts the door, catches my eye through the back window, and raises a hand in greeting. I hurry out of the Firebird, leaving the door open so Charlie can follow me out.

"Oliver," Peter greets, smiling.

My confusion doesn't allow me to do anything more than stand and stare, trying to make sense of why and how he's here. He looks more casual than I'm used to-- he's ditched his usual business suits for a plain button-up and blue jeans. His face lights up as Charlie bounds out of the backseat, jogging over to him.

"Dad!"

"Charlie!" Peter kneels down, opening his arms for a hug that Charlie eagerly accepts. I look on, trying to figure out how he found us. I haven't used the credit card since New York-- it doesn't make any sense. Unless... he knew where we were going all along? If so, why wouldn't he have told me Isaac wasn't in Manhattan?

Another car door shuts, drawing Peter's gaze right to Kat.

Shit.

That's a detail of our trip I sort-of, maybe, definitely intentionally forgot to mention.



Peter stands as she walks to my side. He looks between us and steps forward, extending a hand in her direction. "I don't believe we've met." His gaze shifts to me, raised eyebrow indicating I have some explaining to do. "Oliver, care to introduce me to your friend?"

"She's my friend too." Charlie follows Peter, grinning as Kat shyly accepts the handshake. "Dad, meet Kat. Kat, meet my dad."

Peter laughs slightly at Charlie's introduction and Kat smiles, probably feeling a little less pressure thanks to Charlie. Still, Peter's eyes are back on me as soon as their handshake ends, silently questioning why there's a girl with us.

"Uh," I sway guiltily, "She needed a ride."

"Dad, what are you doing here?" Charlie asks. I'm not sure if he's intentionally trying to change the topic or not, but I'm grateful either way. "Did you come to see Isaac? Is that a new car?"

"How did you find us?" I question.

"Well..." He sighs, and I'm surprised to see him look guilty as he looks between me and Charlie. He kneels down to Charlie's height and puts a hand on his shoulder. "Charlie, you know your mother and I are always looking out for your best interest. When we gave you that phone, it wasn't just for you-- it was also for us, as a way for us to try to keep you safe. From our phones, we can always see where your phone is, which means if you have it with you, we can see where you are."

you Charlie nods, and I try to decipher how I feel about it-- they knew where we were the whole time.

"So, what?" I shake my head, not fully understanding what this means. "You've been following us?"

"Only since this morning." Peter stands again to meet my eyes. "I took a flight here yesterday at your mother's request. She wanted me to make sure everything is okay. She's been very anxious."

I stay silent, my emotions conflicting. They had the upper hand the whole time, and I had no idea. Peter came all the way here, which makes it pretty evident he and Mom didn't trust my word that things have been fine.

It's a lot to take in, but honestly? I'm mostly just grateful he didn't see any of mine or Kat's reckless driving.

"Oliver, I know this wasn't part of the deal. But you haven't been entirely honest with me, either." His eyes gesture to Kat.

I sigh, knowing he's right. I'm in no position to be angry with them for not telling me things when I've got a five-foot-six secret standing right next to me. "Sorry."

"No harm done." Peter shrugs, offering a small smile. I take it this means he isn't going to tell Mom, which is probably best for everyone. "Now, I imagine you're wanting to go meet Isaac."

I nod, remembering that Peter doesn't know there's a possibility Isaac doesn't even live here. And if he does, I'd rather meet him just the two of us-- I never imagined it happening with Peter involved. It would ruin things; it would become about them and their ancient brotherly feud.

them "I hope it's alright if... I mean... this is something I wanted to do on my own," I fumble over the words, unsure of how he'll take them.

"Of course-- I'm not here to interfere, Oliver. You go do what you have to, and I'll be here waiting, okay? You don't even have to tell Isaac I'm here. This is about the two of you."

"Thank you." I mean the words, more than I know how to express. Peter's done a lot to keep this trip alive, and I hope he knows how much it's meant to me.

"Just remember what I said, okay? About him being human, about not being perfect."

I'm more worried about what Isaac will think of me than the other way around, but I know his advice is heartfelt, so I try my best to take it. "I remember."

There's a moment of silence as the three of them look at me expectantly, encouraging smiles plastered on their faces. I nod, wish I felt half as confident about this whole thing as the rest of them seem to be, and turn towards the house, heading for the porch.





Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





thirty




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. My sneakers clunk against the white steps of the porch before coming to a stop in front of the door. This is it. This is the end of the journey. He's either here, or he isn't.

I look back to the group, but bushes block the view of where we parked. I can't see them anymore. I'm on my own, the way I asked to be, but I'm not sure if it was the right choice. Kat and Charlie have been pushing me along this whole time, and now it's up to me to take the final steps.

My face is reflected against the glass window of the front door-- I fix my hair, buying time, wondering if I'll see the face I'm looking at now in Isaac at all.

It's like back at the hotel-- I've been waiting for this moment for what's felt like forever, and yet I can't seem to make myself face it. I've had days to prepare, way more time than I thought, and I'm still not ready. What if it's someone else again? If he isn't here, will I ever get to meet him?

I force myself to take a deep breath, even though I know from the rest of this trip that deep breaths can only do so much. It isn't enough to stop my stomach from churning or my hands from shaking.

I've made it this far; there's no going back now. I press a finger against the ornate doorbell and it chimes loudly inside, the soothing melody stirring my nerves even more. I rock on my heels, waiting for an answer.

The beige curtains behind the door sway slightly and I freeze in place. My heart pounds faster, faster, faster.

The handle turns and the door squeaks open, revealing a broad man in a plaid shirt and worn jeans. He offers me a smile and a tilt of his head, stepping out of the house.

"Can I help you?" he asks. His voice is familiar-- he sounds like Peter. I want to see myself in him, but mostly I just see a younger Peter with darker hair and eyes.

There's no doubt in my mind that this is him. Isaac, standing right in front of me. After all those miles and setbacks I'm finally here, looking into the brown, smiling eyes of my father.

I realize I'm staring. "Um-- are you... You're Isaac Ausman, right?"

"I am. And you are...?" He leans against the doorframe, a picture of casual confidence, exactly the opposite of how I must look. It's really him. It's really him, and the first thing I've ever said to my father is officially "um."

really Just like the house, he looks alarmingly normal. Again, I don't know what I was expecting. I guess Kat's theory about the guys and Peter's repeated warnings had me worried, wondering what kind of guy he might turn out to be. But Isaac is well-kept and polite, and there's something about him that radiates magnetic self-assurance. He looks like the definition of an ideal father.

"I'm Oliver." I feel stiff as I force myself to speak. "Carol's son."

His eyebrows raise, and he steps back, looking me over. "Oliver. I-- Wow. I haven't seen you since you were..."



I nod, unable to stop myself from wondering what he thinks of me. I tug at my sleeves, pulling them over my hands. "Uh, this probably seems pretty weird-- you must be wondering why I'm here."

"Well, I can't say I was expecting you." He laughs, stepping aside. "Come in, we'll talk."

I thank him and follow him inside, where he leads me through the tidy entrance to a bright living room. The walls are white, decorated with expensive-looking works of abstract art. He mutes the TV, which is playing the morning news, and sits in a dark recliner. I take a seat on the leather sofa across from him and wipe my hands on my jeans, not knowing where to start.

"I like your house," I say, instantly feeling like the words sound dumb and pointless. We both know I'm not there to compliment his place-- I should just get it over with, rip off the band-aid.

"Thank you. Perks of a large inheritance," he jokes. "I guess you'll know all about that eventually."

Again, I'm left to wonder why Isaac would've needed a job as a janitor if he had so much money from his parents. If he could afford a place like this, why would he be hanging around dive bars and working minimum wage?

"Well," Isaac sighs, leaning forward in his seat. "Let's not beat around the bush. You're here for an explanation, right?"

I can only imagine my dumbfounded expression-- aren't I the one who's supposed to be explaining myself? "An explanation?"

"I know, I know." He holds up his hands, and I realize he's mistaken my confusion for hostility. "But it's all I can offer, Oli." He shakes his head, looking away from me. "God. Peter could've warned me, at least. I knew he'd tell you someday, I just... I don't know. This is a lot, seeing you for the first time."

It's impossible to miss what his rambling means. I was never going to have to tell him he's my father-- he already knows.

The room spins around me, the colors of the abstracts swirling, mixing with the walls, the furniture. I came all this way to tell him something he already knows. He knows, he's probably always known, and yet instead of him coming to Virginia over the past eighteen years, I came here after knowing for a few hours.

knows, "And you're so..." He sighs, studying me. I can barely hear him over the ringing in my ears. "You're so grown up."

I have a million questions, but my head can't seem to hold onto one for long enough to ask it. How long has he known? Why didn't he ever reach out, or try to change Mom and Peter's minds? Why is this the first time we're meeting?

"You said... an explanation," I manage. I'm stuck to my seat, as if the weight of the world has fallen back onto my shoulders and pinned me right where I'm sitting. All I want is for him to say something that will lessen the load. I want him to have an excuse, a good reason for not reaching out first.

"Right." He nods and takes a breath, letting it out slowly. The sentiment he was just caught up in seems to wear off quickly as his expression falls flat. "Well, shortly after your mother married Peter, her and I..." He trails off, obviously not knowing how to say it. "She and Peter had a fight, and she used me as revenge. Peter and I never got along, so... I went along with it. What neither of us planned on was... well..."

"Me," I utter the word he seems to ashamed to say.

He nods, mouth forming a tight line. "You."

I look down at my dirty shoes, waiting for him to continue. He sighs, sitting back in his seat, squeaking leather interrupting the thick silence.

"Peter and Carol worked things out. A month later they found out she was pregnant. Carol got some tests done and... you already know how those turned out. Peter wasn't the father."



I gather my thoughts for a second in the silence before I speak up, willing my voice to stay steady. "So why did he raise me? Why did I grow up thinking Peter was my father?"

His gaze shifts away from mine. "We decided not to tell him. I didn't want a child, Peter did. And your mother was scared that if she told the truth, Peter would leave her."

My throat tightens, heart sinking further. I feel sick. This was a mistake. Tears sting the backs of my eyes, a wet mixture of sadness and fury. This isn't how this was supposed to go; this isn't what the truth was supposed to sound like.

I hate him. I hate him, I hate Mom, I hate them for what they did to Peter and I hate the fact that they made me a part of it. This whole time my heart has ached for Isaac, thinking he was the only one who would understand how it felt to be lied to. Peter was the one who didn't know. No wonder he let me continue the trip-- he's the only one who has any idea what I've been going through.

Peter "Peter found out when the two of us got in a bad argument. It was after our mom died. You'd just turned one. In the heat of the moment I..." He shakes his head. "It's not important. What matters is--"

"No. Tell me," I demand. My voice wavers but I don't care. I'm too angry to be embarrassed. "Tell me how you told him."

Isaac sighs and runs his hands over his face. When he looks back at me, he shrugs, looking more defeated than regretful. "I asked him how it felt to be stuck raising my son."

I laugh, a single sound of bitter disbelief. Tears spill from my eyes as I shake my head. "Fuck you." The words barely seem to make it past my constricted throat, but they're there, floating in the heavy air between us, filled with more resentment and hatred than I knew I could carry.

Isaac looks at the floor, silence falling over us. Why isn't he apologizing? Why isn't he trying to redeem himself, or make things right? I wait, but he doesn't speak, he just keeps staring at his shoes, hands clasped, expression solemn. As if he has any right to feel sorry about this when he had eighteen years to change it.

I want to go back, back to before I came in, before I left home, before I ran into Uncle Morris. I want to go back to not knowing.

"It doesn't even make any fucking sense," I break the silence and stand up, pacing. "Uncle Morris told me you didn't know."

you "Oh my God," he sounds exhausted, annoyed. " Morris told you?"

Morris "He told me Peter kept it a secret from you ." I stop walking, staring into his eyes. My voice is harsher than I've ever heard it, hoarse and angry, louder than it needs to be. "How is it that he had the story so fucking backwards?"

you "Because nobody was supposed to know!" Isaac raises his voice to match mine. He stands too, looking down at me from across the coffee table. "Nobody was supposed to know. How the hell do you think that would make me look, huh? Getting my brother's wife pregnant and not even sticking around for the kid? I told him not to tell anyone, I made him promise not to tell--"

told promise "Why would he agree to that?" I interrupt, body shaking in frustration. "If you two hated each other so much, why would he agree to protect your image? It doesn't make any sense!"

Isaac shakes his head and crosses his arms. "I don't know."

"Bullshit," I call, not believing it. There's a reason, and as deep as Isaac is in all this, I know he knows it. "Tell me why."

He looks away, swallows, and keeps his eyes trained on the wall behind me. After a few seconds he shrugs, and his gaze meets mine again. "I told him if he ever told anyone the truth, I would take you away from him. That if he told anyone that you were mine, I would start acting like it."

I stare at him, not knowing what to say, barely even able to think.

"He knew I'd be a shit father and he knew he didn't want that for you, and I knew that too. So I used you against him and he kept his mouth shut."

Guilt has disappeared from his voice, which only makes it harder to take. He's talking to me like I shouldn't be asking, like I'm burdening him with my questions, with my presence, with the fact that I care about my life and how it got to be so fucked up. It's him-- the reason is him, and yet he only seems to feel remorse for himself, as if he's the one who got the short end of the stick.

I just want this to be over. I want to get my answers, leave, and never ever come back. "And Uncle Morris?"

"At Morris's bachelor party, Peter got drunk and let it slip that you were my kid. Thankfully once he sobered up, he made up the story that you seem to have heard."

It's all I need to hear. Peter made himself out to be the bad guy all so that I wouldn't get stuck with the actual bad guy. And how do I repay him? By traveling thousands of miles across the country just to meet the guy who screwed up his life. By removing him as my father without a second thought, replacing him with someone I never met.

I hate myself more than I ever knew possible, and somehow, I hate Isaac even more.

"I need to go," I excuse myself, forcing myself not to cry as I walk out of the living room. I turn before I make it to the entryway, looking back at Isaac, who's taken his seat again. His eyes meet mine, and I hope to God this is the last time I'll ever see him.

I want to tell him why I came here. I want him to know he hurt me, just so he'd have to live with it. But it wouldn't work-- I can't bully him with something that doesn't matter to him.

"You'll never be my father," I state, voice unsteady. "And I know you probably love hearing me say that, but I don't care. You never were and you never will be." I shake my head, knowing it means nothing to him but needing to say it anyway. "For your sake, I hope you don't ever try to change that, because there's nothing you could do that would ever make me feel differently."

ever I turn, tears falling as I reach for the doorknob with a shaking hand. I was wrong earlier-- I don't just want to go back to not knowing. I want to go back before my birthday, before my hospital stay. I want to go back to those forty-seven seconds of nothingness and live in that death forever. Everything after has led to this. Everything after was a mistake.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





thirty one




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. I slam the door shut behind me and stomp down the porch steps, tears blurring my vision. My feet kick up dirt as I head down the path, storming away from the house. I'm not trying to be so harsh, I just can't help it. My body has a mind of its own, controlled by how much the past ten minutes hurt.

My stomach lurches at the knowledge that I'm going to have to explain everything to everyone-- my tears, why I'm back so soon, what happened. I don't want to talk about it, ever. All I want is to be home, in bed, and to stay there for the next month. I want to pretend this whole thing never happened.

As I round the bend and pass the tall bushes that line the walk to Isaac's porch, I notice that only Kat is waiting for me, leaning against the Firebird and biting her nails, expression blank as she stares out at the woods surrounding the property. Peter's rental car is gone, as are him and Charlie.

She hears my footsteps and perks up, turning to me, face instantly falling into worry. "Oliver?"

Kat pushes off of the car, but hesitates there. She's looking at me like she's trying to understand what's wrong, like she's searching for some external explanation, hoping the obvious reasons aren't the right ones.

Tears are still falling from my eyes, so persistent that I know it'd be useless to try to stop them or hide them. I'm too embarrassed to get closer to her, so I just stop walking and shake my head, shrugging, hoping my actions display the words I can't say. It wasn't what I thought it would be. It wasn't what I wanted.

It wasn't what I thought it would be. It wasn't what I wanted. Kat hurries over and guides me against her by my shoulders, wrapping me in a hug that only makes me cry harder. I bury my face against her neck, wishing I could stop sobbing, stop making a fool of myself. One of her hands rubs my back, slow and steady, attempting to soothe me.

Isaac didn't even hug me, I realize. A father, seeing his child for the first time: no hug, no happy tears, no excitement. He didn't follow me out. He didn't even try to stop me.

"Oliver, what happened?" Kat asks, her voice soft next to my ear, filled with concern.

I take in a shuddering breath. "He knew. He knew, he knew, he always knew I was his kid." The words are so whiney, so stuffy and choked up that I don't even sound like myself.

I pull away from the hug and Kat steps back, still looking at me with worried eyes. I wipe at my face with my sleeves. My sleeves, which cover my arms, which means Isaac didn't see my scars, and never will. Just another thing I imagined him caring about.

It gives me another wave of that damn-it-all-to-hell sadness. This whole thing was a waste of time and I just want it to be over. Fuck Isaac and fuck this stupid trip. What the hell was I expecting? For me to tell him the truth and for him to welcome me into his life with open arms? Yeah right.



me him

I finish cleaning my face and take a second to steady my breathing. It's over. I screwed up, I came here, and there's nothing I can do about it now.



"It's whatever," I say, my voice still somewhat clogged. "It's done. Where are they?"

Kat's mouth opens, closes, and opens again. She shakes her head, brow furrowing, eyes looking me over. "Peter didn't have a chance for breakfast because of his flight-- they went to get something to eat, they thought you would be a while. They should be back soon." Her quick recap is drenched in confusion, as is her next question. "What do you mean it's whatever?"

I don't want to explain myself, but the look on her face tells me she isn't going to let it go. "I mean it's whatever, it doesn't matter. My father is... probably the worst person I've ever met, with my mother trailing a close second. I have the genetics of two of the world's most ridiculous, self-centered assholes. My life has been destined to be fucked since day one, okay? That's what I mean."

mean That's "Oliver, don't do this," Kat pleads. "I don't know what happened in there, but--"

"What happened is that I learned this whole trip was pointless."

"Pointless?" Kat pauses, looks at me with wide eyes, and lets out a humorless laugh. "How can you... how can you even fucking say that?"

I'm caught off guard by the anger in her voice, a stark contrast to the gentle comfort that it was laced with just a second ago. Still, her expression is the same, concern unwavering. She isn't mad because she's mad, she's mad because she cares.

mad, But I don't want her to care; I don't want her to waste that on me. God knows I've wasted enough of her time, bringing her here, thinking my life would change, that I would change and maybe become better, become good enough for her, good enough for Charlie. Good enough to be someone worth caring about.

I worth "Because it's true!" I throw up my hands, gesturing to the outdoors. "Look around, Kat. I'm alone. I'm out here, and he's inside. I came all this way to meet a father who's spent the past eighteen years pretending I'm not his."

"So all that time you spent with Charlie was pointless?" Kat crosses her arms, challenging me. "You being happy-- you told me you were happy, and I know it was the truth-- that was pointless? Meeting me," her voice cracks and I close my eyes, trying to maintain my composure, "that was pointless?"

told I can't respond-- I don't know how. We both know she's right.

" You look around," she continues, tone sour even as her voice wavers, "because I'm standing right in front of you and you're not alone. If Isaac wasn't worth the trip, I'm sorry. But it doesn't mean you can pretend like everything else didn't matter."



You not

"You don't know what it's like," I argue. I want to drown in my misery, and I want her to let me. I want her to give up, to know I'm not worth the effort. "You just don't."

"You're right, I don't." She shrugs and a tear trails down her left cheek. I look away, unsure if I can keep up a tough front while watching her break down. "But I know how it feels to grow up and wish things were different. I spent years wishing I didn't get stuck with the life I did. Somedays I still do. But that's just how things are, Oliver. It's how things are, and you either accept it, or you let it destroy you."

"Yeah, or I destroy myself, right? I've done it before and I probably will again." I hate the words and how bitter they sound, I hate myself for saying them.

I was so far from what I did-- disconnected even, as if it happened to someone else, some other Oliver. This trip made it feel like my attempt was in the past and it would stay there. But it isn't that simple, is it? Things can't always be that good, that easy. Eventually, everything goes back to shit. I was kidding myself, thinking I could handle it. Thinking I would care enough to try.



I look at Kat, her hair blowing in the breeze, eyes locked onto mine. She doesn't deserve to be here, trying to fix my problems. "Just because you've accepted your fucked up life doesn't mean I can accept mine."

Her neutral expression struggles, almost turning to a grimace at my words. More tears fall as she nods, hands moving to her pockets. "I know. But I wish you would try. If not for you, then for everyone else. For Charlie. For me."

I stay silent. I wish I could come clean-- let myself cry, tell her how bad it hurts to be this disappointed in myself. Things take a turn for the worse and I'm right back to wishing I was dead. I told myself I was getting better, that I was happy and that I would try to stay that way. One bad day and all my progress is gone, just like that.

But if I told her, she would convince me it's okay. She'd help my brain back to that place where life doesn't seem so bad. Maybe I'd get happy again. Then eventually there'd be another bad day. I'll never get better. I'll never get out of this loop. And I don't want her or Charlie to have to pull me out of it every time, only to watch me go right back in.

"Maybe you really do think this whole thing was pointless." Kat wipes at her cheeks, sniffles, and blinks a few times, clearing her tears. "If it's any comfort, I know Charlie doesn't. I know I don't."

I want to tell her I don't, I don't think that, but I can't. I can't let her hope for me when there isn't any.

don't "I could take a thousand trips and meet a thousand people but I know that this one, that you, would always be the most important." There's a hint of a smile and a shake of her head, as if she's embarrassed. "I guess it was stupid to hope you felt the same way about me."

you, My chest aches at her words, and I wonder if they might actually mean what they sound like. I flinch slightly as Kat steps forward and places a hand on my arm. She pauses for a second, then leans in and presses a soft kiss against my stiff, tear-stained cheek. My heart pounds, face flushing. Even with the weight of everything else, the way she makes me feel demands to be acknowledged, taking over my brain for a second and drowning out the rest of my emotions.

As she backs away, I see fresh tears in her eyes and feel matching ones in my own. I didn't know it was possible to feel so many things at once, so much pain and anger arguing with unrelenting hope.

My breath stutters and her hand falls from my arm. She turns and heads to the Firebird, opening the passenger's door. It feels like a punch to the gut when I see why-- she's grabbed her backpack from inside and is hoisting it onto her shoulder as she walks back over.

"I can probably afford the bus fare back to Maryland," Kat says, wiping at her face, which is wet again. Still, she forces a smile, eyes studying me. My throat tightens-- she thinks this is the last time we'll ever see each other. She's choked up when she speaks again, voice tight. "I... Just tell Charlie I said goodbye, alright? And that I'll miss him."

"Kat..." I'm crying again, and I want to tell her everything. I want to say I'm sorry and confess that I do feel that way about her and a thousand other things. I want to tell her how scared I am that I'll never change, that I'll always come back to misery, that she and Charlie and everyone else would be better off if they didn't have to deal with it.

do The sound of a car coming up the driveway draws her attention. It must be Peter and Charlie, which is good-- even if I dread having to tell them what happened, maybe they'll buy me a few minutes to change her mind. She can't leave like this-- I wasn't thinking straight. I tried my best to push her away and it worked, it worked and I'm the world's biggest idiot. If she's going to go, I want her to at least know the truth about how I feel and why I said the things I did.

worked "Kat," I ignore the approaching vehicle and face her, my mind reeling with all the things I need to say. "Kat I--"

She lurches and grabs my hand, eyes wide-- she's staring at something behind me. I turn to look and my heart stops, body freezing at the sight of the purple truck speeding up the driveway.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. thank you so so much for 10,000 reads!!

thank you so so much for 10,000 reads!!





thirty two




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. The truck screeches to a halt just feet away from us. I want to run, I want to grab Kat and get in the car, but I can't get my body to do anything other than stare as the doors to the truck fly open. The two tall, burly men from the bar hop out, and their eyes are locked on us. My breath catches in my throat-- as if their appearances weren't threatening enough, they've each got a pistol in one hand.

Kat backs up, tugs at my arm, and the guy with darker hair raises his gun towards her.

"I'd stop moving if I were you." His voice is gruff, expression blank.

I step to the side, moving in front of Kat before my body returns to paralysis, eyes flicking back and forth between the guys. All I can do is watch as they stare us down.

"Where is he?" the other one asks. The words are coated with a sharp accent I'm too preoccupied to place. "Where's Isaac?"

My stomach churns with guilt-- Kat was right. They were following us to get to him, and I snapped at her for even suggesting it. It was the obvious answer, but I didn't want to believe it. Now that I've met Isaac, I don't even care. Just another thing to add to the list of what makes him so screwed up.

"Inside," I manage to answer, nodding towards the house.

He walks over, gun swinging casually by his side. Kat grips my arm tighter and I can hear her breath, quick and heavy, much like my own.

The man scowls down at me, wordlessly intimidating. It's a miracle that my knees don't buckle, that I manage to look him in the eyes and not flinch at all the silent threats behind them. But I'm caught off guard when he grabs me by the shoulders and pulls me away from Kat, grasping my right arm and bending it behind my back.

"Wha-- Stop!" I protest, crying out as hot pain shoots from my right shoulder. I want to struggle but the gun is inches away from my body now, silently threatening me.

"Come on, kid." He pushes me forward, forcing me to walk. "Your daddy's in deep shit. Get the girl," he instructs his partner.

I hiss as his hand tightens around my wrist. My gut churns when I hear Kat groan behind me, followed by the sound of shoes against the dirt path. I could fight to get away, try to run, but I know it would be useless. Most likely, I wouldn't be able to free myself, and even if I did, they have guns . I'm out of ideas. My only hope is that they get what they want from Isaac and go. Apart from my relation to him, Kat and I have nothing to do with any of this.

guns They bring us up the porch to the front door, and he moves for the handle. It turns easily, still unlocked, and he uses my body to push open the door, the four of us loudly barging into the entryway. There's a moment of silence. A single creak from the floorboards.

"Oliver?" Isaac's voice calls from the living room.

I'm shoved into the room before I can even think about responding. One foot catches on the other and I trip, stumbling before I'm yanked upright, upper body drenched in pain again. I steady myself and my gaze settles on Isaac, wide-eyed and backed against the wall, frantically looking between me, Kat, and the men holding us.



"Hello, Isaac," the man behind Kat speaks up. I want to look back at her, make sure she's alright, but the vice grip on my wrist tells me that wouldn't be a good idea.

"Lars. Boris." Isaac's voice is steady as he acknowledges them with his eyes. From the looks of it, the one who's cutting off my circulation is Boris. "Didn't think I'd ever see you guys again."

"Well then you weren't thinking," Lars scoffs.

"You know why we're here." Boris's voice is more calculated than his counterpart's. "This can be easy. Give us the money and we'll go."

I almost breathe a sigh of relief at the words. If it's money they want, that's simple. Isaac is loaded. I can only hope they mean what they say about leaving.

"Or what?" Isaac scoffs. "You'll kill me? You'd kill me over twenty grand? Twenty grand that I earned, peddling that shit you were trying to pass off as--"

I Isaac stops-- Over my shoulder, Boris has raised his gun right at him. I expect withdrawal, for him to stop with the tough guy act and agree to pay them. But Isaac shrugs arrogantly, not giving up.

Boris lets out a short, unamused hiss of air from his nose. Seconds pass that feel like years as I hold my breath and wait for something, anything. There's movement to my left-- he's lowering the gun. I can almost breathe again. Then I feel it-- hard steel pressing against my temple.

"Not you," Boris says. "Your kid."

Somewhere behind me, what feels like a million miles away, I hear Kat protest and Lars tell her to be quiet. The world is still, time frozen as Isaac and I lock eyes. Mine are filling with tears as my breath shortens, heart slamming against my ribcage, legs nearly giving out beneath me.

I've felt this before; I know what it's like to stare death in the face. Only last time it looked like me, not Isaac.

Last time, I wasn't so scared. I wasn't afraid to die.

In the sea of my racing thoughts, one slows down enough to be heard: I was wrong. I don't want to die. I don't want to die , which means I'm not back to who I was before this trip. I have changed.

I don't want to die have For a split second, even in the midst of all this, I want to smile. The pinch of happiness at the realization only brings on a bigger flood of tears and a dreadful sinking in my stomach. Why now? Why now, before I even get to enjoy what it feels like to want to be alive?

"Please," I struggle to get the word out. I'm not sure who I'm pleading with at this point-- my life is in two hands, neither of which are mine.

"He doesn't have anything to do with this," Kat argues, voice coated with frustration and tears. "Please, stop!"

Hearing her beg is fuel to the fire of emotions dancing in my chest. I close my eyes and try to breathe. There has to be something, something I could do or say to fix this, to get us out of here.

I wince as the gun pushes harder against my skull. My cheeks are wet with tears, brain empty of any potential solution.

"Isaac." As much as I don't want to speak to him, I don't have much of a choice. I can recover from wounding my pride and I can recover from how much it hurt to learn the truth about him. But if this gun goes off, that's it. "Isaac, please!"

He looks away and pinches the bridge of his nose. He'll do it. He'll give them the money, he has to. He wouldn't let this happen.

He shakes his head. "They're not going to do it, Oliver. They're bluffing, they've never--"

He's cut off by a deafening blast. I flinch so hard that my whole body jerks, eyes closing on instinct. Underneath the noise Kat screams, and then the room falls silent. I barely have time to wonder if that was it, if I'm a dead man, before the sound of ceiling hitting the wooden floor lets me know I'm still here.



"The next shot won't be a warning," Boris says, returning the gun to my head as I open my eyes. "Things have changed since you left New York. We don't bluff anymore."

Again, there's a wordless standoff between Isaac and the men. Then, a sound-- creaking. I can't turn my head to look, but I know it's the front door, and from the expression of shock on Isaac's face, I can tell he does too.

"Hello?" A man's voice calls out from the foyer. My heart stops, head confused between hope and worry as it recognizes the voice.

I hear footsteps, and then the gun is removed from my head. I look towards the doorway, where Peter is standing with raised hands and a surprisingly calm look on his face.

"Who the hell is this?" Lars asks, gun still focused on Isaac.

"I'm his brother," Peter answers. "And I'd appreciate it if you let my son go."

" Your son?" Boris huffs and shakes his head, obviously not caring about the semantics. "No one's going anywhere until we get our money."

Your Peter's eyes travel the room, taking in the situation. "How much?"

"Twenty grand. That's how much your brother ran off with."

"Okay." Peter nods, hands still raised. "So how do we do this?"

"Do what?" Lars snaps.

With my new ability to look around, I'm finally able to see Kat. She's watching Peter, expression desperate. Her face is wet from crying, body contorted as Lars haphazardly holds her up. Her tears remind me of how much of an asshole I was back in the yard. I wish I could tell her how sorry I am. I'm sorry for how I acted, and I'm sorry we're in this situation because of me.

"How do I get you the money?" Peter clarifies. "Bank transfer? Security deposit box?"

"What, do you think we're insane?" Lars laughs. "As if you wouldn't get the police involved. We either get the money right now, or this place becomes a blood bath, plain and simple."

"We know you have it, Isaac," Boris chimes in, facing Isaac. "You always kept a stash at home."

"Isaac." Peter looks at him with an expression he's used on me and Charlie before in an attempt to get the truth. Charlie. Where is he? Is he safe? Does he know what's going on? "Do you have it?"

Charlie. Again, I'm surprised by how calm Peter is, how he can manage to keep his voice steady with a gun pointing straight at his chest.

Isaac gives him a look, wide eyes and pressed lips. Peter tilts his head forward and glares. Even after years of not communicating, it seems like they're able to do it without words.

"Get it, now . I'll pay you back if you really don't think our lives are worth the money."

now Isaac sighs, looking away in annoyance. I almost don't think he's going to, but before he can prove me wrong, there are sirens in the distance that start to grow closer. It's obvious they're coming up the driveway, and Lars and Boris seem to realize this, cursing and sending each other panicked stares.





I'm thrust forward onto the couch, the leather arm winding me as it hits my gut. The grip on my arm disappears, shoulder aching as it returns to a normal position. I look over and see Kat landing on her backside against the hardwood-- she groans as Lars runs behind me, two sets of footsteps clamoring loudly out into the hall and out the front door.

"Charlie," Peter gasps, running out after them as the sirens get louder.

I hear an engine start and tires screech as I pick myself up, shoulders and elbows burning as I move them. I stumble over to Kat and offer her my hand to help her up. She takes it, immediately pulling me into a hug once she's on her feet. Her breath is ragged just like mine, her whole body shaking, arms squeezing me tightly.

I shut my eyes and hug her back, a fresh wave of tears overtaking me. I'm alive. I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, and so is she.

I mumble an apology, the words coming out over and over again, even as she tells me it's okay. She rubs my back, insisting it isn't my fault, and I sob against her, trying to believe it.

The sirens come to a stop. I open my eyes, and as we pull away, I realize Isaac is gone.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.





I hope you guys liked this chapter! Even from chapter one, this was the chapter I've been most anxious about writing/posting. For one, I'm just not great at writing action-packed scenes (yet!). But mostly, I just didn't know if people would like it or find it too unrealistic. 😅

I hope you guys liked this chapter! Even from chapter one, this was the chapter I've been most anxious about writing/posting. For one, I'm just not great at writing action-packed scenes (yet!). But mostly, I just didn't know if people would like it or find it too unrealistic. 😅 this But the fact is, I'd always planned to have it happen this way and the criminals caused the most crucial moment in Oliver's character arc, so I'm trying to be confident in my decision lol. Besides, stories wouldn't be much fun if nothing out of the ordinary ever happened! 😉

But the fact is, I'd always planned to have it happen this way and the criminals caused the most crucial moment in Oliver's character arc, so I'm trying to be confident in my decision lol. Besides, stories wouldn't be much fun if nothing out of the ordinary ever happened! 😉





thirty three




Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. Peter handles most of the police questioning, which I'm grateful for. I need a minute to calm down, to catch my breath and organize my thoughts.

After a long, reuniting hug with Charlie, I sit with him and Kat next to the Firebird as he rambles. He's going on about how he called the cops and asking us a hundred questions about what happened inside.

As far as I can tell from his all over the place storytelling, Charlie recognized the truck and explained to Peter how we were followed. Peter told him to call the police while he came inside to check on me and Kat. The knowledge that he knew what he might've been walking into and came in anyways overrides me with guilt again. It's my fault we all almost got killed-- what was I thinking, bringing Charlie to meet a guy I knew nothing about? Hell, what was I thinking bringing myself ?

myself Still, even though I'm grateful for how brave Peter was to try and mediate the situation like he did, there's still the whole keeping-Isaac-a-secret thing that keeps switching my admiration back to disappointment. He knew what it felt like to be lied to-- why would he put me through that, too?

keeping-Isaac-a-secret As my mind swirls, I'm thankful Kat is able to hold a conversation and keep Charlie occupied. Her voice is still froggy and her hands are still shaking just as bad as mine, but she's listening to his side of the story and answering his questions as gently as she can. He seems equal parts amazed and scared, which is pretty much all I can say for myself, too.

I watch Peter raise a hand to the last officer as she gets in her car. The other units took off before I even made it outside, chasing after the purple truck, but Officer Vasquez stuck around to get our statements, which didn't take too long-- it's astounding how what felt like the longest ten minutes of my life can be boiled down to such a short story.

Peter strolls over to where the three of us are sitting on the dirt, our backs leaning against the side of the Firebird. I'm trying to take everything in: the sound of leaves rustling in the breeze, the warmth of the sun on my skin, how it feels just to breathe in the fresh air.

After my last near-death experience, all I got to see for a while was the inside of a hospital and the view from my window, which was mostly obstructed by another wing of the building. It felt like I was in purgatory for weeks. This time, I get to feel life, life that I'm starting to enjoy, and I'm trying to feel every single second of it as best as I can.

"Well," Peter stops in front of us, "Boris and Lars crashed about a mile away. They've been arrested. Isaac... still no sign of him."

I'm relieved to hear we won't have to worry about the duo anymore. As far as Isaac, I guess it doesn't really matter. When I said goodbye to him, I meant it. Our lives are separate once again, just as they were always meant to be.

"Oliver, I was hoping we could talk?" Peter motions his head towards his car, letting me know he means without Kat and Charlie. I still need to talk to Kat, really talk to her, and see if I can reverse all the fucked up things I said. But right now, my head is so messed up that I wouldn't even know where to start.

really

"Sure." I stand, wiping off my jeans and following him a few feet away, out of their earshot. A breeze blows past as we stand in silence, and Peter runs a hand through his short hair, shifting his weight before finally looking me in the eyes.

"Well, I take it you know the truth now," he starts, giving me a look that says he's sorry the truth turned out to be so shitty.

I nod, not knowing what to say. On one hand, I feel terrible for treating Peter the way I did, for making him worry, for the fact he had to come all the way out here and save my ass. Who knows what would've happened if he hadn't been here? If I'd known the truth, I never would have done it.

On the other hand, he's part of the reason I didn't know the truth. He did to me what Mom and Isaac did to him, keeping secrets that we should've known from the start.

he's didn't I cross my arms, hugging myself. "None of this would've happened if you guys had just been honest with me."

"I know." He sighs, looking away. "We thought we were doing what was best for you."

"When you found out I was going to find Isaac, why didn't you just tell me the truth about him over the phone?" I ask. "You could've explained what happened-- told me that he did know I was his kid-- and I would've just come home."

did Peter just barely smiles, shrugging a shoulder. "Your mother suggested that. But I figured unless you met Isaac firsthand, you'd always wonder about him. You had no reason to trust our word, anyways."

He has a point. If they'd told me the truth, would I even have believed it?

Peter sighs, looking towards the house. "Obviously I had no idea... I mean, if I had known this would happen... I shouldn't have sent you here."

I shake my head. "It's not your fault. I'm the one who was stupid enough to bring Charlie here-- I mean, if you didn't show up..."

"I did show up." Peter's voice is firm, eyes back on me. "And you took care of yourself and Charlie all this way, Oliver. No one could've predicted this. Even knowing Isaac, I never would have thought something like this would happen. We're all safe, and that's what matters."

I nod, trying to allow the words to absolve me of some of my guilt.

"I am sorry, Oliver," Peter says. "I should've told you about Isaac years ago. You hearing it from Morris... I never wanted you to find out like that. I guess... admittedly, it's never been easy for me to accept that one day you'd know I wasn't your real father."

"You are." I look to him, hoping he knows I mean it. "And I'm sorry."

I'm He smiles, and I just can't bring myself to be angry about any of it anymore. I'm sure he, Mom, and me all wish we'd done things differently-- maybe even Isaac does-- but all we can do is make the best of what we've done. For me, I think that starts with forgiveness, both for my parents and myself. No more hating them for what happened, and no more hating myself for what I did.

"I know me and your mother haven't been the best parents." He frowns. "With how much we work, and... how much we've pressured you to do the same."

I shrug. "I haven't been the most grateful kid. You guys always took care of me."

"Maybe not as good as we thought."

He doesn't need to spell it out. The look on his face is familiar enough, slightly strained and full of guilt.

"Dad... you can't blame yourself for that. It's nobodies fault." I scuff my shoe against the ground. I try to ignore my discomfort-- as much as I'd like to change the topic, there are some things I know need to be said. "I've made a lot of progress and I don't know if that would've happened without this trip, so thank you. And I'm going to hold up my end of the deal and start taking therapy seriously-- not just because I promised, but because I want to. I want to get better."



Peter-- Dad -- pulls me into a hug, something we haven't done in a long time. It takes me a second to hug back, overwhelmed by the familiarity I hadn't realized I missed. "You have no idea how glad I am to hear that. Your mother will be, too." He pulls away, holding me by the shoulders. "And I want you to know that Dr. Schneiderman isn't the only one you can talk to."

Dad I nod, a grateful smile spreading on my face. Loud laughter draws both of our attention to Charlie, who's doubled over from something Kat said.

"I don't even think I could've made it here without Charlie," I admit, meaning it in more ways than one. I wouldn't have had the nerve to keep the trip going, or the strength to face what I did and try to change the reasons why.

"And Kat?" he asks, tone suggesting that at some point, he's going to ask for more of an explanation than the one he got earlier. His half-grin and raised brows, on the other hand, tell me he already knows a lot more than I told him.

My eyes widen-- Charlie . I should've known. They were alone together for half an hour, the blabbermouth was bound to bring up my crush. I laugh, but it stops when I look back at them, heart sinking. "Yeah, well... I think I kind of messed that up."

Charlie "Hm." He leans against the car, and I can feel him watching me watch her. "Maybe I'm not the one you need to be talking to right now."

I look to him and he nods, silently telling me to go. Knowing he's right, even though I have no idea what I'm going to say except for sorry, I make my way over. Kat and Charlie both look at me expectantly and I blush, looking at my brother.

sorry, "Uh, Charlie, do you mind if I talk to Kat for a minute?"

They both stand and Charlie gives me one of his smiles, the kind that says he's proud of me and he thinks it's hilarious all at the same time. "No, I'm gonna go talk to Dad."

Kat and I watch him head off before finally looking at each other, seconds of silence passing as I try to find the right words. We've already talked about what happened inside, but not our argument from beforehand. I haven't given a proper explanation for why I said all the stupid things I did.

"Kat..." I hold her gaze, needing her to know how much I mean what I'm about to say. "I'm so sorry for everything I said when I came out here earlier. This trip wasn't pointless and I don't even know why I said that. I was just so mad about Isaac, I was embarrassed about coming all this way and caring so much that I... I started slipping back to my usual way of thinking, you know?"

wasn't caring Kat nods. She's quiet, expression soft, urging me to continue.

"But after what happened in there... I know I don't want to go back to how I used to be. I owe that to this trip, to Charlie, and to you. You were right-- I've been happy. I've been happy, and it's been amazing. And you..." I sigh, hesitating.

If I don't do this, I'll always wonder what could've happened. I'll always wish I could go back and get the guts to do things differently. And even though my face is hot with embarrassment, I promised Charlie I'd try with Kat-- if I don't do it now, I might not have another chance to keep that promise.

"Kat... I am so, so crazy about you that I haven't been able to think straight since I saw you sitting in that booth." The words spill out of me even as her eyes widen. "The way I feel about you is... I've never felt this before. And I keep telling myself it's insane to think I could feel like this about someone I met a few days ago, but it doesn't change the fact that I do."

never I don't know how to interpret her expression other than shock, so I keep going, finishing my apology-confession. "I'm sorry for acting like the way I did, and I hope you can forgive me, because I don't want to go back to being someone who doesn't know you. And I want to thank you, because for the first time in my life I know what it feels like to have a friend."



Kat stares at me for a second longer-- then she steps forward, places a hand on my cheek, and kisses me. I'm so surprised that it takes me a second to appreciate what's happening, but once I get it through my head that Kat is kissing me, my eyes fall closed and the feeling washes over me. There are a million butterflies under my skin and fluttering in my gut, and I think that even if I got to feel this way every day for the rest of my life, I'd still want more of it.

Kat is kissing me, She pulls away, one corner of her mouth raising. "You know, I think maybe I don't have enough money for that bus ticket after all. Know anyone I could bum a ride off of?"

I can't stop smiling as I nod. "As long as you promise not to drive."

She laughs, hitting my arm, and I realize I haven't actually asked Dad about going home. Did he and Mom want me and Charlie to go back with him on a flight, or for him to drive the Firebird? I look over to see them heading towards us and Kat backs away, a heavy blush on her cheeks-- I think we both forgot we had an audience.

Dad is acting like he hasn't seen anything, but Charlie's grin is impossible to hide, as is the hop in his step.

"Oliver, about getting home." Dad looks down at Charlie, who walks over to the Firebird and opens the door. "Your Mom and I think it'd be best if Charlie flew home with me, so he doesn't miss anymore school."

I nod, waiting for him to elaborate on why my name wasn't included, an inkling of hope dancing in my chest.

"But obviously someone still needs to drive the Firebird home, so..."

"You're serious?" I question, feeling like it's too good to be true.

"I'm serious." He smiles. Charlie returns to his side, now with his backpack. "No sense in paying to have the car brought all the way back to Virginia when you can drive it there."

I have to resist the urge to hug him again, trying to nod maturely instead. "Of course, yeah."

"Well then we'd both better get going-- there's a flight for us at noon, and you've got a long drive ahead of you." He pats my shoulder before backing towards his car. "I'll call you tonight."

Charlie stays and smiles up at me and Kat before enveloping both of us in a hug, his face smooshing into my shirt.

"I'll miss you on the way home," Kat says, ruffling his hair.

Charlie shrugs, pulling away, a sly look on his face as he looks between the two of us. "I think we'll see each other again soon."

I blush as Kat lets out a surprised laugh. "Charlie--"

"Bye!" he interrupts before I can tell him off, waving a hand and jogging over to Dad. Kat waves back, still laughing.

We watch them drive away and wave them goodbye, Charlie sticking his head out the window, beaming as he waves back at us.

When they're out a view I turn to Kat. My whole body is ready to burst with nerves, but I try to play it cool. "Ready?"

She nods, grinning with that contagious smile. "Ready."

My stomach stirs with excitement. I'm ready, too.

I'm ready to live again.



Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image.

Oops! This image does not follow our content guidelines. To continue publishing, please remove it or upload a different image. THE END!

THE END! THE END! Well, after almost a year since I started it, my third book is finally complete! I can't thank you guys enough for reading. Some of you have literally been with this story since day one, which blows my mind-- I don't even know how to express my gratitude to those of you who have stayed tuned throughout all my hiatuses and rocky updating schedules. ❤

To everyone who is reading this chapter, whether you're viewing it the day it was posted or years later, THANK YOU SO MUCH!

Well, after almost a year since I started it, my third book is finally complete! I can't thank you guys enough for reading. Some of you have literally been with this story since day one, which blows my mind-- I don't even know how to express my gratitude to those of you who have stayed tuned throughout all my hiatuses and rocky updating schedules. ❤

To everyone who is reading this chapter, whether you're viewing it the day it was posted or years later, THANK YOU SO MUCH! Oliver's story has meant a lot to me, and all I can hope is that as a reader, it has meant something to you, too. ❤





Oliver's story has meant a lot to me, and all I can hope is that as a reader, it has meant something to you, too. ❤



BEFORE YOU GO!

I have a very important question to ask! Some readers have expressed the desire for an epilogue, while others like the ending as is. I'm hoping to recieve some more feedback so I can decide whether to add one or not. What's your opinion on how the story ended?

BEFORE YOU GO! BEFORE YOU GO!

I have a very important question to ask! Some readers have expressed the desire for an epilogue, while others like the ending as is. I'm hoping to recieve some more feedback so I can decide whether to add one or not. What's your opinion on how the story ended?





